THE ANCHOR, OP HOPE. 1 . BY KEV. ARCHIBALD G. BROWN. Preached on behalf of tho Seamen's Christian Friend Society. " Which hope wo have,as ¡an anchor of tho soul, both sure and steadfast, and which ouloroth into that within thc voil.-HEBREWS, vi., 19. ? lu days past we preached to you on the sailor's best creed for a stormy night at sea. ."'I believe, God.'/ . Tberi perhaps some of "you may; remember1; that we stalked to .you about,the best freight a ship could carry : «' And they took Jesus, evjen aa He,was, into the ship." Not-very many mouths' ago. wer, were, trying to speak-to you from;" shoal waters." i ;"Wo tried to. help you. to heave out the lead, and see whereabouts you. were, our text then being, out of that very useful Aots xxviii " And' tho seamen, deemed that they drew nigh to some country;" Then only a week or two ago we .were speaking: to .the; sailors again, and our subject was the board of trade arrangements for the saving of life, and we tried to extract some spiritual' lessons from .that. And now I am asked to preach to you again, so I have tried to find a text that may.be said to, be a sailor's, text. But it suits me very well, and I am no sailor-except for to-night-and it will suit all-God's cbildren who are here. This text is far different from any on which wé have tried to preach before. It is not a ship tempest-tossed, driven, and half a wreck. . It is not the ship . grinding on the rocks, but it is a ship-correct me if I am wrong-that is "all snug aboard," and just riding at anchor.. She may roll, she may pitch, she may put her nose under, but she is safe. There is no fear on board, no danger without j and I think I can hear the mariners sing an evening hymn before they turn in for the night-of course, leaving the watch on tho look- out-and I hear them sing : When darkness veils His lovely face I rest on His unchanging grace, ,? , In overy high and stormy galo My anchor nolds within tho veil. Now, ; I : shall ask you to noto three things. First, look at the ' anchor, then at tho anchor let go, and then at the ship asshe'ridea at anchor. y ; í.r-.TílÉ ANCHOR.V .',.'...' '. J i lt. is necessary to have a very, clear, idea as to what the Holy, Ghost ? means by this word hope. Does : it moan tho ¡ subject of the hope, / the matter of the. hope,. or the grace of hope P In the 18th verse it is a hope that, is sot'before' xis; in that verse I have God's promise. God's promisors the basis of my hope-Christ Himself! is the, object of my; hope.\\- But then, havibguthat promise, there comes;intómy heart the grace of hope. That which tho apostle means here is something far more than the common notion^that we attach, to .the word . hope. /Nothing is moire adverse to/the; Scriptural idea of the word hope than/ tho meaning, we generally intend by it. In! our ordinary/conversation hope is something, less, than faith 5 in Scripture it is something, more. '. Take !_the ! word'Chope as it is generally usedj and it,'is a sort of first, oousin to despair j ; or, faith in à fainting fit. . "But;, in the Scripture hope is faith that has \ developed, into confidence j for as good old Dr. Owen says of this passage, it is elsewhere: spoken of by the Apostle as confidence on full assurance. If this word means nothing else than '.we generally mean by ?* hope," there can never,, be; any stro.ng consola-r tion for us.- - Hope with us is a sort of dubious, doubtful expectation ofIsómething.that máypr'máy not; be. I, 'said jüs^now/itiwas'somáthing less than faith ; "and isn't,, ít? 7 You .hear 'fi- person say, in answer to the question i " How is hoP" " Well, "we HOPE he will recover"-that is.little, removed from ordering a coffini.' ' 'But'in.' 'Sbrißtuife*. tho reverae'ís trucj'hope ÍH something inoretbaàii<' believing. .' lt is faith developed into > ' . 1 ¡ . - Í \- So when ¡tile;Apostle!-. opoak8--of hopb'it is riot1 of that'kind 'which, Bays : "-"Well,, I li ope-1f may get to heaven/ but I 'don't' imich think ¡j» shall," but it ia of fcho^ kind which says : " I know $ that I am safo j I know that my forerunner haa-' entered within .tho ,veil : for me ; I know that God's promise and Goifs oath together, do ensure my eternal-salvation ; and this hope ia tho anchor . that is Jiung .-at the-1-, bows^f^r*my ship,"' It is a hope,-that 'pnts ' a rippl©-(öf; laughter all over the¡face>;and-rmat:e8fi-thQ\>'::miiidvglim ; it is a ' " rejoicing;-hope'Ç *, it-;Í8-üthafeh6po;'tll«t5l read of in 2 Thessalonians ii;'- lG~'.f ?a good topé,''. linked with " everlasting consolatic*ni"N'íNowí tho'anchor must be made, -, ~ , ' OP THE îîiairr STUFF, Woe.,to ,the? anchor-smithvwho tampers-witbi the material of the anchor. Why is itof infinite im portance - .that .-thoanchor? .-should-- be'V'righfc; inuits - ¡material' Because:, -there ''aro'"!' times - when . the ."'lives' .of '/..captain; "óiateSi/ -'ícrew, passengers A'will- / all . depend .<upon \'whether the -anchor Aa . - .made;".of -thox right ;?"-stuff or not. . * Cas triron. í anchors swon't : do'jithey'must be mad6/ofc;the'.".be8t*vnaaterial;^weU-vwrought and -, welded; and i-tbink I am,correct'in saying that' in all our naval .. establishments . there is an ar rangement for testing every-anchor ; and when it r is-proven it receives, the Government niark.'¡I' know i that : the anchor of whiöhwe.are< speaking1) to- niglit is true, because there is , * , . - . HEAVEN'S OWN BRAND upon it-" sure ana steadfast." Better, my dear * .fellows, have no hope at all than have a bad one ; - better be .without hope than place confidence ina false one. I would sooner be like the-Dutchman'' that every ' sailor has heard of; who went to look for his anchor when a storm-came on and found -he had. left it at home-and so tho. missing anchor is always known among'sailors'as the Dutchman's :anchor-than have a false , ono that would deceive me until tho very moment} : when it was tried, and then fail mo when it was too lato to be rectified. . Do any of'you say : "What Bhonld our anchor of-hope, be made of ?''' I will tell you. Go and get a whole number of " ThuB saith tho Lords," and weld them well to-' gether ; for the only anchor' that is worth . anything is that, the very material of which is " God has said." I believe tho best smithy for macing an anchor is tho empty"- sepulchre just outside Jerusalem. Go into that sepulchre where once the body of Christ lay ; it is empty now ; thero fashion thy anchorbegotten unto aiiving. hopo by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from, tbe dead." Now, with the anchor goes . ' THK CHAIN. ''.-'.« Of' I cannot separate -tbe two. I know that some have said that hope is tho anchor and faith is the cable ; well, it may be so, but you cannot really1 separate between faith and hope. Faith. cul minutes in hope, and if faith does not lead to hope it is not worth anything ;' and,- on the other' i hand; I cannot imagine a/hope thatis worth any I thing that does not come from' faith 5 so I take' cable and anchor as one. The anchor nr-ut have ' its cable, and thc cable to ba worth anything must have an anchor. In my time I have come across some who .'had'"'a chain, but thero was no anchor at the ond of; it. They have faith, so thoy say, ' but ? . somehow or ' other it is not 'the- faith that ever grips the Word" of God- sufficiently to bring their vessel round. Are you one of these? Do you know what it is to say, "I believe," and yet your cable goes dragging over leagues of good anchorage ground, but laying hold of nothing ? What you need,' man, is an anchor at the end of your cable-some thing that has got a iluke that digs right down into that promise of God and says : " I mean to hold you" i that faith which, if I may so put it buries itself, risht down in the very bowels of the Word of Godi and .holds on like grim death, and brings a man right round to face the storm; ' ALI, ANCHOR AND NO CHAIN. On the other hand, I don't think the anchor would be very much lise unless thero was a cable attached to it. What would you think if in time of storm tho captain said : " Overboard with tho anchor," and overboard it goes. There is an end of it 5 there is no connection whatever between the anchor and the ship. An anchor thrown overboard without a cable is about as much use as a cable thrown over without an anchor. I am. afraid at the present day thero is a great deal of baseless hops-hope that is worth nothing-a hope that God in His great mercy will somehow . dr other get us into" heaven. Some people havo( such a big hope-I think they call it a " larger hopo"-their ships look all anchor ; but when it. is cast overboard it floats upon the surface 3 there; i's no weight in it-it never gets down to what' God has said. - Now, if my anchor is to, be worth any thing ir/must bo attached to a chain- an' anchor that goes right down into the eternal verities of God. . .< II.-THE ANCHOR LET GO. , . . Our hope, like'other .'anchors, is of no .uso as long , as we can see it j. as ' long as ; the I anchor is slung at . the bows,'it is doing nothing. You would .think 'thai;! ..captain an imbecile who should say: "I always think my,ship is. safe when I have my anchor ton deck." Tho real! worth of "the anchor begins when it is thrown overboard. The ship than is drawing near a lee-shore .. will ' never .'. be saved by - some body looking at the anchor.' That 'which saves it is the dropping the anchor over and letting it* grip.' I have met so many peoplé'in my life who' are always looking at'their faith, instead of their faith laying hold of God. ' Now, when the, anchor' is let go it goes out of sight. ; May J say i without any want of reverence, that every ship's'anchor.' enters withm the veil-it passés .through the watery veil and grips that'beyond? All you know' is this : Tho'cable holds the ship;-the anchor holds tho cable, but that which holds tho anchor you seo not. The ocean bod holdá the anchor; and tho anchor holds you. Now, you will ob? serve, if you look into tho text, my anchor enters into' that within tho voil. I wish I bad . the. 'power fo-' a moment te givo yon a "glimps«". ',Vvifcbfri -vthO' .-voil ; and¡ seo .where ,the ¡ancho ia. If you. wero to have passod thtougl tho veil of thoi Tabernacle,-you would bayi seen an oblong chest-thatwas all;, .and: on/ton o that, oblong chest a slab of gold exactly;coveriuj it: -TE you had looked insido that chest you woul< have found : two tablea of: stone, containing tb law, written by the finger of God; i That was callee ? ¡*:;'.J . ,.í¡.: .THU 'MERCY-'SEAT. <. :? .' .. < ? ' . Thoro,;you will seo, was'mercy basedon justice peace'reposing on righteousness ; a divine salva tion resting on the pedestal of accomplished la\ -that was all that was within the veil ; and,say Paul in our next : " "Which hope we have as " ai anchor i of ; the ? soul ; which - entereth. "-now«, always find that nine people out of ten quote thi text wrongly ; they say " which entereth wituii the veil,'? but .it is ?" which entereth into'tha within the : .veil j" in ' other * words, th' mercy s oat-God's mercy. based on righteousness or,!, if you! like to put it EO, Christ 'himsoli Paul uses hero a ^very remarkable expression ii the '17thiVerse. He says": " Wherein God, willinf moro abundantly to'show unto the- heirs of pro xnise the immutability pl His counsel, confirmee it by an oath." Here is'the promise, there is tb ., oath j and I said to myself this morning :, . M; anchor is- jammed right down between the two God's eternal promise, and God's most solomr oath j and my anchor is dropped right between tl* two, and the two:flukes of my anchor, grip both.' Why¿ when once ' the anchor "; has a real '-gri] of ¿tho 'ocean bed, let\ the wind ' blow; as* il may that anchor seems to say .;? ?" I won't move Til pull up the, very floor of the ocean first. ?'; say, if your anchor hasitàflukcs into that; whicl * is within the veilr-namely the prornise.and thi oath bf ai covenant-keeping, God, then the ver j throne,of; God must, shake before you can b driven on the, rocks...-The anchor of bur hope ii not dragging through the quicksands of oar poor wretched feelings, but..... CLUTCHING AN INVIOLABLE OATH; , . ...Now note this. The more the ship drags at thi cable tho more fixed becomes the anchor. I ha vi no doubt if ib were possible to follow the ancho: down, and see through the green water, we shouh eeo that for a moment or two when it firsi reaches the. bottom it drags along j but now i turns the right way up and the fluke gets into th< ground ; now then,) ship, "pull away ! pull away you are, only driving tho anchor deeper , anc deeperin; the more you tug, the more you mak( those mighty flutes eat their way into the solic foundation of the ocean. Ah.! when first my sou trusted Christ and I dropped my anchor,T don'1 think it had a very firm hold 5 but every strain 01 it has driven it deeper. It is always so, for i: you look in Romans v. you will see that " oxpe rience leads to hope." The more a man trusts God the better, ho knows God, and tho better ht íáfiows God the more he trusts Him. , . III. I have tried to show you the anchorage now look at f THE SHIP RIDING AT ANCHOR. Observe that ^though she is anchored, she does not necessarily escape rolling, nor her passengers aybLd sickness. Do .not think you aro not .a Christian because you do not always enjoy a pe'rfecl calm, nor doubt your anchorage because inward conflict bas not ceased/ . A ship may strain at thc anchor-ay, sho. may pitch and' roll and have many a breafeer come over her decks she would escape were, she not anchored. .There may bc considerable discomfort while there is no danger, Many souls as weil as ships are anchored in tho "downs." I have very often been anchored : in them-down in heart, down in spirit, down in health, down in joy; yet thank God ! I was anchored there, not drifting, If,some of your dear sailor friends are in "toe downs," depressed in spirit, perturbed in soulj tossed to and fro in heart, I hope you will get a blessing. . Your anchor holds if the ship rolls, ."Notice, too, that when a ship is at anchor she ALWAYS FACES THE TIDE. . I was travelling recently on the Chatham and Dover Railway, and just as . we approached Whit stable we obtained a glimpse of the sea, andi said to.a fellow passenger, "The . tide is coming in." "How can you know that?" he asked. "Why," I replied, "it's the simplest thing in tho world; look at the boats that are anchored there, and see which way they face j anchored craft always face the tide." Ay, and so will it be with you; if you have your anchor gripping that which is within the veil you won't be afraid to look tho world in the face. The ship swings round with the tide and seems to say : "lam not to be caught; which ever way you come you- will meet my bow." These aro the «ort of Christians wo want at the present time men who aro so anchored on to God, who are so filled with His spirit, and who have so bright a hope within them, that they must face tho run, of the. tide of this world. Are you drifting, brother P, ora you giving up going,to Bethel meetings-are you beginning to give up prayer? If sb, it would be well for you ;just~to ask yourself ! " Am I anchored?" A ship that does not faco tho tido gives strong reason for doubting her being at anchor. God give you grace, just to face tho world and look ita running tide in tho oyo, and say : "You may come thia way or that way, and try to get round, ruo ; but you will alway» find my bows cleaving you." Dear friend, aro yon unsaved ? Am I talking to sonio one who in drifting, drifting, drifting on to a Ita shore? Oh, throw out tho anchor I IHKB TO UEMBVXl Do you say " Believe what." Why believe what God , says, and grip'it ? Hore is Borne splen did anchorage in this Book ; cannot you "drop your anchor and trust ? "This is a faithful saying, and worthy. of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to eave sinners." ". Him that cometh unto Mo 1 will in no wise cast out.", 1 would to God that some of you might ¡list lay hold of eomo of these blessed words. O.raap thom and ridû at anchor until the eternal ¿lay dawna. Oh ! if some of you would but trust Christ ; let go your anchor and .dare to bo saved by .what you cannot seo. ' Let tho anchor: go right dpivri! out of sight, until it grips what Jehovah hath said, and becomea embedded in His oaths and promues. I ?>'.?" «. ./"...'? DYING SAILOR was near bis end, and tbe death, sweat stood upon* his rbrow.T A friend said "Well, mate, how is it withvypu'.how ?" The. dying, noan, with .a smile, made answer: "The anchor holds, the anchor holds," God grant thairevery ono of you may be able to say tbis> for-His name's sake., 