Australian Tales aid. ^r Adventtk r j .' ? ; . ? ''NO..S2.- ??? '? ] j THE TRIPLE GHOST! By . Alexander Montgomery. j 'What d'ye think, though, of a trijile ghost?' . ' . ; It was Jack Martin whb put tho qiiention; as he leant over the fence of the home-paddock at Earamilla station, one blazing Sunday forenoon in December. ; \- Jack— his local capacity of stockman to the contrary notwiuutanaing — was a genueman; there conld be no doobt of that. &ood; educa tion ? good manners— good heart; — but not tbat important something which is so tersely yolept 'ballast,' and farlaok of which— to carry the figure further— the argosy of Jack's existence bad Buffered greivous and repeated damage, if not actual shipwreck. ? But, by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to these flighty souls to take tbe world more easily than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, ' yarning' there, tbat morning, with an old blue shirt on his back and an archaic :' cabbage-tree' over hia -good-natured countenance, waa as cheerful as if he bad not been the son ot an: aristocratic Lincolnshire rector, and brother to half-a-dozen high- bred young women in far-away England. - ' If Jack was cheerful, however, his story was not, and tba smile of incredulity upon tbe faces of bis listeners soon gave 'way lib that look of breathless fixity which tells of. the power of the born raconteur. All thisjjras Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners , aforesaid, I can testify that the story made a . deep impression on me at the time. It may' hot likewise affect you, but at anyrata here it. i' It was six years ago,' said Martin, and just after I'd bad that cropper over; the wire fence at Carmichael's on thelGoulbnrn. As I've told you before, I waspreUy.wellsmashed ; np on that occasion, and as soon as I could pa moved I was sent down to tbe^iQEpitaHa ! Sydney. Hera I pulled round at ^ rate that astonished tbe doctors— who,' between oar- , selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month I was abja'to get ahont. again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow eho had come into a bit ot money while he was working with'me -out Carmi. ohael's station. Either a Swlde or*N6r. wegian be was— with Halk Bjorren. for hfe name. A decidedly queer fish bewas, too, but not a bad sort in the mairv tndap, as. he and I had been pretty friendly/I thought I'd look him np and payhinTaJuit. ' I knewriis plaoe was on the' coast, and J thought a epell ' in the sea-air would ba just the thing for me. ' Well, to out matters sh'ort, another week found me abont a hundred miles In p to the northward, at a place ?'* called — I think — | Wbsndamo. That's something like it, any how ; and it don't matter muob, for it wab a miserable dog-hole enough — stuck in the 'middle of a acrub-covered flat, bordered on one aide by low Ban'dhills. Beyond? these ; sandhills was the sea, and, about a mile off along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorron was domi ciled in a hut tbat looked as if it had been i built from the timbers of a wreck. Ak in deed, perhaps it bad, for there had been a good few ships driven ashore thereabouts, ifrom time to time, and the VThandamo people bad some curious tales about the ghosts of the drowned, and so forth. At these, of course, I laughed— but not for long 1 'I'm not nervous, and I'm not supersti tious, but before a week went over my head I got the biggest fright that ever befell me in my life. ' ' Well, ' I fossicked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the -trifling formality of Baying that I was welcome, he made me feel iit, which was better. Indeed, be was a man who never said much at any time---a Btrange, tall, lanky, long- noted, wide-eyed creature, who alwavs suggested to me a sort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton's Iticcabocca, and who was not without a fair share of Ricca ibocca's learning cither. I know he was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his book?, I don't know; what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anytbiog but mooning about the shore, and, as be didn't volunteer any information on- the point, I didn't ask him any questions. ' A dreary shore it waa ; nothing but sand ani aorub aa far aa the eye could reaoh. Pat me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire ; but, a- youmsy guess, I didn't like it any tho worse for that, and so for a coupla of days I wandered about, thinking of old times, and trying to fancy that if I topped the sand hills I Bhould eee tha Bpire of Lincoln Cathe dral loomingfar across the fens, ? ' Well, I thins it was uo iourtn.nigni Jto been at the plaoe, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren'a gnn on my arm when I saw-her rising out otthe sea, like --.but that's what everybody gushes about, so I'll just let* it alone. I will say, though, that when she was fairly up it was' easy to aea that she was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln-: shire air at anyrato. I was always fond of speculating about the moon, and as I strolled slowly alone, I was gazing steadily at her big red orb, when there suddenly rang out behind me a shriek so blood-curdling tbat I started- violently and dropped the gun into a pool of sea- water. Nor did I think of picking it up, forwhen I turned round, I Saw a sight tbat drove everything alae cleanout of my bead. Within about three hundred yards of me, and rnnning in my. direction, waa a woman.- A small, alight framed woman, aha Bcemed, with long, darfe: olothoa and naked feet. I oould see them twinkle white along the sand aa the ran. No I — she was a tall woman, with a white dreis, and what teemed to bo a knifo in her band. No 1 I said to myself a second, time — wondering with a swift flash of tho mind if my senses were leaving mo— as I now saw no woman al all, but a man, within a hundred yards ol me and still running- on. A tall loughly-dreased man, with what appeared to bo a tomahawk in his left hand— I aaw his faoe dlBtinctly— white as death and fringed With a ragged beard that blow 'over bis ?houlder a. be came. ' Helpleitly I gazed at him, nntil when he was, or seemed to bo, about titty yards from ma, ha quickly ahitted the tomahawk from bis left band to his right. .That broke tho spell I There waa aometbing so natural tnd buman in tbe action that my wits, oame baok ' to me in A moment, nnd down I stooped for tbe gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I could nse II aa a olub. Well, boja, I didn't havo to uio lt- all. When I atood uj- with It grasped t- tho mnzalo in both bands— the man was gone 1'— nnd Jack, f with true dramatlo art, came here to a dead pauae. and began slowly to out up tobaooo. ?i Qone til Aiked. ' Hun Away again,' do 'No^lfcl Gonel— disappeared!— van- UbedM ' Coma, oome,' Jaok I' I .aid, laughing. 'Thal'a the atereotyped sort ot thing, yon know I You ibould have finished things oft wltb more erlglnallty I' ' Den't It itrlke yon,' .aid? Jaok, graTel; that II'. Juit Oceania I'm UlUng the truth that I hiTon'l flnUhod oB, ai jou .av. In a leu ?teteotyped manner I W»» I itnfflBg pa M W| uy bifeabouii, nothing ironl* baTt been easier than] to i give matters a more , ? original turn.' , | ! j I' . ; ! ' Perhaps you Had some ' bard stuff ' with : you, andjsaw double?!' said Billy Anderson,: the red-nosed little cook, who was a thirsty : isoul, and spoke according to his lights. I !'Siw-ivS?-yyoumeanl'put in the store man, who was the wit of . tbe station — . i' though jthat's but a iiw;- insinuation.' . . '?? Martini shook hiis head. 'No boys,' ba 'said. ' Strange to say, I hadn't at that timo : tasted any b'quor for over: tout months. If I wasn't downright out of jmy mind for about thirty seconds— for it all passed in that time — I saw eiaotly what I tell yon, and exactly a» I tell you.' ' .? ' I ' '.' i ; ? . ?j ' Wa3 there nothinir that could have con oenled Ihe figuro?' I asked. . % ! 'Nothing. FUtjas the palm of your hand ; for half a, mile on every | side of me/ But hear me out I' and; having lighted- his pipe, Jaok hitohed himself further upon tho fence : and wenlon — I „[ I ' ' \ ' I oannot despriba to yon how I felt. It ; seemed to ma as if the whole scene around mo bad suddenly turned bnreal and ghastly. The very moon seemed to have ohanged into some awful thing— some jfearful personality, if you -understand mo— that kept glaring downwards onme'as I made the best of my way baok to the hut. , .' . . , ' ' ' 'Hers I Baw something that wasn't at all calculated to steadjj my nerves. Bjorren was \ aalesp, nnd apparently dreaming— some awful dream, by the look jot him. His hair— very ; long and ehaggy.it was— was tossed all about tbe pillow, and his face was streaming with. perppiration. He! kicked about, too, and struggled, and at last he cried out something ?that made me startlonco more. '. ' The axe I ' : ha Bsid— 'the tomahawk! I My, God 1 Bhe's down!' I went over and! shook him till ha .'. » ; woke. ' What'4-the matter, old man ? ' I said. ' Have you been dreaming ?' HeEat up, shud dering and wiping tbo damp from his face. ?Dreaming 1 ' he saidJ ..'Yes, thank God it : . waa only a dream I ' Then, when he had coma round a bit, he told'me his dream : and— yon may believe me or not, lflds,.aaid Jack, slowly - anddeliberately— 'hultmB is what he told , .' Ha thought first, he said, that he saw far baoUinto the early, times of the eolony, and thst'three persons, a man and two women, ^Bceupied the very, hut we were in. It seemed to be known to him at the same time that these were tbe Bote survivors of . a shipwreck, - and that the man had built the hut out ol wreckage.. The man, too, ha seemed to know, . hadlfbrmed an attachment to the younger ot the two women, and thus arouaed the deadly jealousy of the other, who was bis wife. And now, as tho ?dreamer s.iw them, a quarreV arose. Aquarrel which grew more and more ** savage, until the-injured wife snatched up a knife and- attacked: her rival, who rushed BcreamingQnt.pl fbshut»'.:Acrosa the moonlit sandav- Bho fled-^after 'her- the maddigS avenge* witlf a ki^if;,' and iaf ter her in turn tho laitbleBsfeuabandwilh a. tomahawk.' \ * 'Bfip1d}y4he second gained upon tha first, nnd'.ihe' 4hirfl' upon hotbi until the. hunted wonian 'was' jjvertaKon,. and throw herself down upon her krrees^ screaming wildly for njeroy. She did.not^wceive it I The 'fury ? withHho knife' flung herself upon her rival, and^lplding'her down by main strength — cut her throat 1 It waai the work of a moment, iutj before the muriercss could {iso to her feet! again,: tlie huabnnd t'rived upon the spot.and, shifting the :torAjS»wk from his left hand to his right, he dr6ta it fiercely into his wife's ekull. Down she went, beside her victim, and lay there- as' motionless — and as . dead— as a log. The man; too, remained as motionless, after he had struck tbe blow, as ; ' it he bad been turned intoatono. For a few moments, that is; then 'he flung the toma hawk1 far away across the sand, and, turning round, made for the hut, like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, ' frantic with horror and remorse, climbed upon -the roof, made a lino: fast to the rude chimney, and hung himself 1 p '; j !: 11 Such was Bjorren's dream,' went on Jack, atter'a pause, ' and I leave you to guess wbal effect it had upon mb, coming after what I'd secn.ii And what.was marei lads, when mom-. ingrcamo we examined; the outaide of the ' chimney, and found,1 sure enough; a piece ots - ~ rotien old quarter-inch made fast around! it. It might have been tho remains of the line tbelmnrderer banged himself with, or it might . not'.. You can form your own opinion ; all I know is that: I've described the matter exactly as it occurred, and that I cleared : out of the accursed place that very 'day. As for Bjorren; concluded Jack, getting down off the fence to depart, ' he may be Ihere yet, for all I know. i He was just the sort of: chap to suit such ghoBtly work, but one bucK fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I can't bear the sight of the tall moon.' . . j : ?'? '? This was true enough: We had all noticed and laughad at tba peculiarity in question, - though whether it bad its origin in tho mannex- -' described is a point which I have never — whatever you, reader, may ido — been able to Bettlo.to my own satisfaction. A subsequent occurrence, however; induced mo to think it ' possible that the whole story was tbe morbid emanation of a brain trembling — though wa knew it not — on the !nrge.of insanity. Nor is this supposition 'invalidated by tho art with which the tale wasftold, ainca it ia a matter ot common experience that lunatics will sometimes exhibit, in come particular mentil direction, a (kill and address almost beyond tho capabilities ot the sane. In the month of February '75, or about fourteen months aftor hearing tho story 1 ; have hero reproduced, I was on, my way to ; the Wannamilla country, in Queensland, and had got a.3 far as Jelh'gap, on tho Maodonald ; River, Just before oVld, I; was amoking my j pipe at the door of tho little hotol, when two i trpopert galloped into the township and j pulled up for a drink-. Their horses showed ; tho marks ot a hard ride, and there waa Boon ; a little crowd round tho hotel door, to know j wbnt waa tho matter. Tha general opinion , inclined to bushranger*, and it was with some- , thing liko disRUBtth.it the Jblligapiana learned ; it was only a l™*ti0 the troopers were after. : A' man on ; J/;-M«terman's Varuna atation had, ut'lHrfv^v , iMwdy.SOiie, out of hi^ind, . TU!%^ Vng twice At tbo I bri^Hhadmuu. ft/: j horso fad taken | 'We^re bound to hute him kefoM i morning, . j though,' said one ot tho ioonstaolea. He | waa anen taking tho- traeb-tp Donnelly a Fork , j and that's as Rood a* a rat trapjo him. ! And ao it proved.. About eight next morn- j ins tho; troopera rods! into tho township agwB ; with tho lunatio-atill on his own hona, M- bound and handeuOed-bctween thorn. Hone 'thing in tho poor creature's lace struck me»» being familiar. I went oloier. Good u-? -i^k^^'-JaokMartin-TCu; ; know me, don't you, old fellow ? M h( i : . Ho } laughed ohecrfu ly, : ' Ob, ya* , said, '1 know you qulta woU. ^'jrwiUi ; Angel Oabthl. VW h« « L ^ raising .j your wings, though ? : kxeuw my^ hj| myhat.bulyoua«i'-Tiitb* PJ^j m. ? bonda-'theroarosorioua meonanu* , , oultlea in tho way ''.,.- him t-' I asked the ; j »Wli»re are you taking him i. ; \ %'i^.So:a#- ! i 