CHAPTER.'VIIL-MBB.-V'MUÂPSÔN NEGOTIATES < . .;': , . AND 'YIELDS'... \ :. " ' * . ' Mr., Weeks, 'pn\ító''VreibTM?ii'. Üpme( J dropped all diplomacy'in' deatoig roth^'the/. question at issue. " Cynthy/* he said, in his own vernacular, " the, end has;come so far as me and my folks are con cerned-I never expect to visit you, and while I'm master of "the house, no more visits will he received'.''But I hain't taken any such stand on-' considerately," he concluded. " I've given up the whole forenoon to secure you a better chance of living than visiting around. If you go to Hol croft's, you'll have to do some, work, and so will your girl. But he'll hire, aomé one to help you, andEoyçu won't have to hurt yourself. Your trump oard will be to hook Kim and marry him before he finds you but. . To dp this, you'll have to see to the house and dairy, and bestir yourself for a time at least. He's pretty desperate off for lack of women folks to look after indoor matters, but he'll sell out'and clear, out before he'll keep a woman, much less marry her, if she does nothing but talk. .Now remember, you've got t a chance which you won't get again ; for'Holcroft' not only! owns his farm, but has a snug sum in the bank. So you had better get your things together, and go right over while he's in the mood." . T , .. i When Mrsi Mumpson reached the blank wall of the inevitable she yielded, - and not before, She saw that the Weeks miné ;; wai' worked * but completely, and ehe knew that this exhaustion was about* equally true of all similar mines whim Bad been bored until they would yield no farther returns. ; But Mr. Weeks soon found that he could not carry out his summary measures. . The widow was bent on negotiations and binding agreements. In a stiff, cramped hand, she, wrote to Holcroft in regard to the amount of "salary" he would be willing to pay, intimating that one burdened with such reBponsibdities as she was expected to assume " ort to be compansiatedproposhundly." Weeks groaned as he dispatched his son on horseback with this first epistle, and Holcroft groaned as he read it; not on account of its mar vellous spelling «nd construction, but by reason of tbe vista of perplexities and trouble it opened to his boding mind. But ho named on half a sheet of paper as large a sum as he felt it possible to pay and leave any chance for himself, then affixed his signature and sent it back by the messenger. The widow Mumpspn wished to talk over this first point between the high contracting powers indefinitely, but Mr. Weeks remarked, cynically, " It's double what I thought he'd offer, and you're lucky to have it in black and white. Now that everything's settled, Timothy will hitch up and take you and Jane up there at once." But Mis. Mumpson now began to insist upon writing another letter in regard to her domestic status, and that of her child. They could not rhink of being looked upon as servants. She also wiehed; tp.be attired that ag¡rl,would be hired to Help, her, thab'ehe should have all the Church privileges to' which sile had been accustomed, and the right to visit and entertain her friends, whioh meant: eyery Ta-mer's wife and, all the maiden aïs/ers in Oakville. . ''And then," she continued, ' there are always'little perquisites which a housekeeper haB a right to look for"-Mr. Weeks it ritábly put'a:period to this phase of diplomaoy by saying^ i " Well, well,;Oynthy, the stage will be along in a couple of hours. We'll put you and your things ahoátd/And you oàri go on with what you oall your negotiations at cousin Abiram's. I can tell you one thing though-if--you write any BÚoh letter to Hôloroffc, you'll never: hear from¡ him again." j .' ?? . '.'< : '- ? '- ? Compelled to give up all these preliminaries, but inwardly resolving to gain eaoh point by a nag ging persistence of which she was a mistress, she finally' declared' that Bhe " mn st ? have writings about one thing whioh couldn't be left to any man's oh an geful mind. He must agree to give me the monthly Balary he names for at least a year." ." Weeks thought a moment, and then¿ with a shrewd twinkle in his eyes, admitted "It would be a good thing to/have Holorof t's hame to such an agreement.' Y¿B,you might try that1 on.'but you're taking a risk. If you were not so penny wise and pound foolish, you'd go at once and manage to get him to take you for 'betteror worse.' " . i . v ; :. " You misjudge me, cousin LemueL'*. replied the widow, bridling and rocking violently! <* If there's any such taking to be done; he' must get me to take him." ??. '.' - ? ""¡-?y ';^ " Well, well, write; your letter about a year'B engagement.' That'll settle you for a twelve month, at least." )i ; Mrs: Mumpson again began the slow, laborious construction of a letter in which Bhe dwelt upon the uncertainties of life, her "duty to her off spring;" ; and the evils of '"vicissitude." " A stable home is woman's chief desire," Bhe con cluded, " and you will surely agree to pay me the salary you have said for a year." When Holcroft read this second epistle he so far yielded to his first impulse that he; half toro the sheet, then paused irresolutely! . After a few moments he went to the door and looked out upon his acres." "It'llsoon'be! ploughing and planting time," he thought. " I guess I can stand hér at least T can try it for three months. I'd like to turn a few more furrows on tho old place," and his face softened and grew wistful as he looked at the bare, frost-bound fields. Suddenly it darkened and grew stern as he muttered ' < "But I'll put my hand to no more paper with that Weeks tribe." ' ? He strode to the stable, saying to Timothy Week*, as he passed-- ' ! ; . ' " I'll answer this letter in person." ; ( ' Away cantered Timothy, and soon caused a flutter of expectancy in the Weeks household, by announcing that "old Holcroft looked black as a thunder cloud, and was coming himself," ' ; " I tell you what-tis, Cynthy, it's the turn of a hair with you "now," growled Weeks. '.""Unless you agree to whatever Holcroft says, you haven't a ghost of a chance." :t i The widow felt that a crisis had indeed como. Cousin 'Abiram's was ' the next place in the order bf'visitation, but her last experience there left her in painful doubt as to a future recéptibn. Therefore she tied on a riewr cap, smoothed" her apron, and rocked with unwonted rapidity, vj" It'll be according to the ordering of Provi dence-1-?" , ; 'v;;, '': J^'"l "Oh, pshaw 1" interrupted cousin ; Lemuel 5 ^'it'll be aci'ording to "whether you'vegot any sense or riot.": '!'.!':'""";;' ; (Mrs.! Weeks had been in a pitiable state bf mind all day. She saw that her husband'had reached the limit of his endurance-that he had virtually already " flown off the handle ". But, to have her own kin actually bundled out bf the house-what would people say? Acceptance of Holcrof t's terms, whatever they might be, was thé, only way out of the awkward predicament^ and so she began in a wheedling tone Now; cousin Cynthy, as Lemuel says, you've got a| first-rate chance. Holcrof t's had an awful time with women, and he'll be glad enough to do well ' by any one who does fairly well by him. Everybody eays he's well off; and Once you're fairly there and get things in your own hands, there's no telling what may happen. He'll get a girl to help you, and Jane's big enough now to do a good deal. Why, you ll be the same as keeping' house like the rest of us." Farther discussion was cut short by the arrival bf the victim. He stood awkwardly in the door of the Weeks sitting-room for a moment,' seem ingly at a losB how to state his case. ' Mr; ánd Mrs. Weeks now resolved to appear neutral,1 and allow the farmer to make his terms. Then, like other superior powers in the back ground, they proposed to exert a pressure on their relative and do a little coercing. But the widow's course promised at first to relieve them of all farther effort. She suddenly seemed to become aware of Holorof t's presence, sprang up and gave him her hand very cordially. " I am glad to see you, sir," she began. "It's very considerate of you to come for me. I can get ready in short order, and as for Jane, she's never a bit of trouble. Sit down, sir, and make yourself to home while I get our things together and put on my bonnet j" and she was about to hasten from the room. She, topV bad been compelled to see that Hol crof t'a farmhouse was the only certain refuge left, and while she had rooked and waited, the thought had come into her sohaming mind " I've stipulated to stay a year, and if he says nothing against it, it's a bargain whioh I can manage to keep him to in spite of himself, even if I don't marry him." But the straightforward, farmer was not to be caught in such a trap He had come himself to sajr certain words, and he would say them. He quietly, therefore, stood in the door and said " Wait a moment, Mrs Mumpson. It's ,best to .have a plain understanding in all matters of business. When I've done, yon may conclude not to go with me, for I want to say to you what I said this morning to your cousin, Lemuel Weeks. I'm glad he and his wife are now present, as wit - nesses. I'm a plhin man. and all I want is to make a livin' off the farm I've been brought np on. I'll get a girl to help you with th« work. Between you, I'll exppct it to be done in a way that the dairy will yield a fair profit. We'll try and see how we g*t on for three months and not a year. I'll not bind myaplf longer than three months. Of course, if you manage welt, I'll be glad to have this plain business arrangement go on as long as possible 5 but it's all a matter of business. If I oari't make my farm pay, I'm going to sell or rent, and leave these parts." (TO BB CONTINUED.) 