iHfí A ÜSTRALIA N NA tlVES' ASSOCIATION. PUBLIC MEETING IN THE TOWN . HALL.1 ?;, , A public meeting took place inthoTownHall on Tuesday evening, under the auspicies of th« Australian Natives' Association, for the pur posé of considering the political situation anc financial condition of the colony. It at firs! appeared as though the meeting would próvt a failure, as at eight o'clock, there were hoi more than between thirty and forty persons present, but shortly afterwards, the hall be- gan to fill, and by a quarter past eight, there were nearly five hundred persons present, amongst whom, however, the iuvenile element was largely .conspicuous. 'The chair waa occu- pied by Mr. W. Maley, the President of the;As1 spoiation, who wa s supported by severalmem bera of the Association, three members of the Logiskture, and a number of citizens. The Chairman, having briefly opened the meeting, called npon Mr. W. H. Neelands to move the first resolution.- ~~ - ??-- ~» . Mr. NEELMÏDS said that when the Govern or's speeoh was first before the public, it was regarded as a very statesmanlike production, but after a few days had passed, and people had had time to consider it, then their opinions changed, and they did not now re- gard it in that light. This colony had had fifty-seven years experience of the Home Go- vernment, and they felt that ita Government had not been a success, and he advocated the speedy adoption of Responsible Govern- ment for the oolony, which was, he said, in quite aa fit a position to manage ita affaira a's Queensland was 25 years ago, when she adopted a similar form of government The Responsible Government party in the House has expressed their determination to try it, and he saw no reason why it should not be given à trial. They found by the Governor's financial statement that the colony was in a very bad state, and he asked why the Go- vernment had not foreseen it, and taken measures to meet *itt.-li a crisis ? Hal any ministry in the other colonies brought for ward such a statement as that contained in the Governor's speech, they would have found themselves compelled to resign, and very likely would have gone down to the House with their resignations, already written, in their pockets. (Laughter.) He begged to move tho following resolution; "Thatthis meeting approves of the recent action taken by tme Responsible Government party in the Legislative Council, in reference to the pre- sent political situation and financial oondition of the country." (Cheers.) Dr. SCOTT, M.L C., in seconding the reso- lution, said he thoughtthey would all endorse the action taken by the Responsible Govern- ment party in the Council with reference to that question. The action taken had been with a view of bringing the matter to a point. (Cheers.) They thought that when suoh a statement had been put forth by the Secre- tary of State, it was their duty to presa the question aa far aa the Home Government was concerned He did not believe the financial position of the óolony was aa bad as . they would be led to believe by the speech ot the Governor, and he thought they - would be justified in thinking that only a ghost bad been raised to frighten them. He could not help thinking the Governor, as a shrewd . business man {".'Oh, ohi"! could not have * thought what would be the result of raising such a {frost, 4>t «lae that he wanted to frighten them ont of prosecuting thia ques- tion. It did not rest with the people to look forward to a year of uncertainty, and it waa a very serious tbing te find tbo preaent Go- vernment were going to ship them in auch a very doubtful ship. Ho thought it was rather their dnty to put forward a policy by whioh expenditure and revenue might be adjusted. Therefore, be considered the Responsible Government party were quite right in pressing upon the Home Government the necessity of giving West Australiana the right to manage their own affairs. Although he had for years expresaed bis Opinion that Responsible Government waa a thing to be asked for, he did not believe, nor did he imagine any quiet, thoughtful person would believe, that it would bring thom every pros perity ; but he thought that if they took over the colony, they had people amongst them of whom they would not bo ashamed, and who would not launch them into difficaltiea. He hoped that within the next six months, they , would reoeive a definite answer from the Secretary of State, and that that answer would be m their favpur. (Cheers). The motionwaa carried unanimously. . Dr. JAMIESON moved the second résolu. , ; tion"; " That thia meeting tenders ita .thanks to those members of the Legislative Council > who have consistently advocated Responsible ; Government, and requests that this résolu- < tion be conveyed to the leader of the Oppoai- ; tion.*'. Speaking of the colony's finances, ho ? ?.: said tiie. Government had shown, either ¡a -marked indifference to, or a total incapacity for, the work they had to. do. They were culpable in not foreseeing that the works ? 'they had undertaken would not be finished. They said in their defence that, they wonld. ; not have known that the revenue would decrease, but that waa no answer, especially ' , as the only revenue that had largely decreased was the land, re venue. The reason for. that. : was plain. There was a speculation in land at Derby which could not occur again.. Then ' again they found that a syndicate held 40000 square miiea of territory atong the J Beverley-Albany railway line, and that being . .thus locked up, they could not expect to derive any rovenue from it. Then again certain land regulations had been passed t. . whioh made it impossible to settle on the - land. That being so it was very evident the .. -. income from land wonld go on decreasing for years. The syndicate would go into the. market and be able to sell land at 10s. per v. acre, but the Government would want to sell .... the land at £1 an acre and would net be able ,,» to sell it. The revenue: had decreased £10,000 this year, and that WOB what ought ¡, to. have been foreseen. It was this «that < made many men oome forward and say " We ; . cab do without our guardians, fand must . ' dismisB them, if we ean/'1 (Cheers). -.<«'<:.» Mr. 3OHN HORGAN, in secóhdiiujjtheIjènpr. "*'} .lotion, said that thé Secretary of Stóte'had " been alluded tb aa pné wfró"threw obstacles\\\\[ ¡ in thé way of Responsible Government, "ftlieh '. a man made a statement ta the pnblio, be pad. ; , -another yó.moke-a private* and confidential '"** ? one-besides. (Laughter.) They had seehtbö pnblio one, but had not seen the private one. <Laughter.) It was a yery^!^jD^á4ra^ae^'i'!'..i cumstance that some of thé leading news'- ., papers in London howled out agam^Bp spón'siblé Government for this ooíopy. Why f Our Governor kne w something bf press work.' Possibly they might attribute it to' bim. (Laughter.) Were they to be instructed by ; his organ here,-the West Australian?.. (Cheers and laughter.) It was a consistent; u opponent of Responsible Government, and ' . was the alter ego of the Governor. ' At pre, eent, the destinies of the British empiré wore" ' in the hands of .the Tories, who'were called the " stupid party:" ; (Laughter.) They had' a patiy hère who closely resembled that par-,' ty, and it was the parly who hovered around '.' Government House. (Laughter.) They found their day waa at an end, and that their time waa over. The Tories would soon be ignominiously kicked out, and then wei sbould / have Responsible Government.' {tíheprs'.) He had much pleasure in seconding the re- . ', Bolution. Mr. W. TnATiEN said he waa sure tte " colonists must feel extremely flattered on reading the character which had been given .'.',' them by Sir Malcolm Fraser. He had palled a them poor and wholly , insignificant. ; Of course, they did not require to be told; that, ", bnt they wanted ts come out of that state, ' and to take their place amongst the nation's of the world. (Cheera). If they were poor and insignificant, some of them were sober. (Uproar.) It might not bp altogether an un- mixed evil that this delay had arisen. He had come to look at it in thia light. ' It the Home Government had approved of the im- mediate introduction pf Responsible Govern- ment, and had designed a constitutional bill . for this colony, they might have found it wholly impossible to get them ta withdraw from their position, should any bf its provi- sions not have been acceptable to the peo- ' . pl-? of this colony. As they had not done 80, ho concluded they thought the colonists were not in a hurry, and that it would, therefore, be possible for the Legislature; if tiley thought lt desirable, to pasa a series of re- ' solutions which would grive the Imperial ? . Government on i »ea of what we want. He felt very sore about the recommendation of the Governor which suggests to the Imperial authorities that they should make special legislation for the protection of the aborig-'.. nies of this colony. He' believed -thisf ' ' That ' they had laws and regublWriB that afforded proteotion to the aborigines, '.. and he should not like to. see aa#- ' thing in the future constitution bill pointing to the treatment of- the aborigines as bèihg improper. When Buch a clauBe found its way ' into tho bill it wonld not be taken out with tiie same readiness aa they expected-of their - own bills. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was then put and carried;' and the Chairman, addressing Mr* Si' H. ' Parker, M.L.C., read the resolution, and ex- pressed his appreciation of tho attitude which bad been adopted by him and his fel- low members in the House. Mr. PABKEB, in reply, said he was sure it must afford all of tbem pleasure to be pre- sent at tbe meeting. The members felt a debt of gratitude to thom for taking up the matter in that manner, and that with the people of Perth and Fremantle at their backs, they could carry all before them. He hoped the Australian nativos would not set up ex elusive ideas, but would upon their arms to everyone who came to this colony. Tho idea ¡ of tho colonists was not what some of the ' London papers would make it out to be, namely, that they were working for Respons- ible Government simply to keep Englishmen out of Western Australia. It was obvions from such a statement how little was known by tho writers of such articles. Speaking on the subject of the resolution, he said the Legislature had intimated to the Secretary of State what they would do in certain contingencies, and he thought they bad intimated it pretty clearly. In doing so, they had no idea of threatening the Home Government» but their intention was to inti- mate they bad a full knowledge of their: constitutional rights. It was a great power < to possess, and almost the only power they had, and if they were backed up by the people of the oolony. he thought tiley would . eoon find they would get what they wanted. {Cheers.) The subject of Responsible Gov- ernment was Bach u good ono that he thought it was à pity to east reflections upon anyone. The Governor had done all he could to help thé1 matter forward; and no stronger lan- guage could have been used than that part of the Governor's despatoh to «the Secretary of State where he «aid "the colony had passed theistagc at which the Government can bo satisfactorily carried on under the existing constitution. Referriug to what has been said reBpeotlag the telegrams from tho Sacre, tary of ^tate upon the question of constitu- tional change, Mr. Parker said be thought it was a pity-that both telegrams had not been published, instead of only the first one ap- proving of the principle of Responsible Government. It was to bD hoped that tba telegram ? which the * Gavesnor had been asked to send to the Secretary of -State ?- would be attended to, and he had every reason to treat that ere long, a satisfactory reply would be received. He saw no reason why in the ses- sion that wonld meet next year, in June or July, they should not be able to poss a con- stitutional bilL It bad been said that if they were to pass eatimates for six months only, tiley could compel the Governor to call them together before July next year, and if they fourni it necessary to do so, they would. ' (Cheers). The party in the House were ? determined to carry the matter to a suoceaa ful 'iaiue. They had many men amongst them Who were ready, willing, and able to carry, on the affairs of the Government of ' this colony. ' And. althoughthey must uot expect'very groat things from the change, he felt énre they arói^'&id;é^si^iffiaote benefits when they had the people governing the colony ,by its own representatives.. When they panie tb look at the figures in the Gov- ernor's .speeoh they would see there waa nothing to be depressed at. They found that the wvernment nod made a mistake of £31,000 in the estimated revenue, and that so f<^r as the revenue was concerned there was no falling off. The revenue had, during the past few years, been in- creasing enormously and there had been no falling off except in the land sales, and they could hardly expect that, in such years of depression, there could be any great speculation in that direction. When they thought of what 40,000 people-had done in this colony, it was perfectly marvellous, and they could hardly be astonished that the expenditure should have somewhat exceeded the revenue. (Cheers.) The only thing that would astonish one was that the difference had not been greater. (Cheers.) When they bore in mind how few had been the financial failures, that by-aud-bye they would have railway communication between the city an'd : Albany, and would then be brought into oom- ! munioation with the outer world ; when they bore'in mind what they had to look forward ! £?> iii Ühe next two 'yours,, he thought they \ s id every prospect ot s eing a very great «.hange bf prosperity in this colony. (Cheers) ] After carefully reading the Governor's speech, he saw no reason to think that anyone need fear' for the future prospects of Western Australia. (Cheers.) There was one ques- tion that he ought to touch upon,-he referred to the tariff. He bolieved the idea of mem- bers of the Legislature was to do all in their power to benefit the industries already esta- blished,' and to foster new industries, and to keep amongst us a largo amount of money that goéB abroad at the present, and that they might be able to provide employment for a . large number of emigrants. (Cheers.) Mc HENSMAN said it afforded him pleasure to be present at that, the first meeting of the Australian Natives' Association. When cer- tain events ocourred, of which they were perfectly aware, ip answer to a request made to bim, he stated that so far as it was pos- sible; for a human being to know, he intended to make this colony the land of his adoption. Therefore, af he could not call himself a native of Australia, he thought he might call himself ., a cousin. (Laughter.) They had ; met there to touch upon the present political situation. They, had, aa they knew, received, what might seem to be a check, bat he did ; not fhUik it was one. lt was impossible that,« such a subject as this, there could be any going-back. -, The English people had «ever been known to goback-(cbeeiB),-*.nd be did not think that anyone could do mure than ip delay the introduction of Responsible ; Goverment. The other evening, they were told in the Legislative Council they were i only a vestry, or a sort of municipal council, I and they were also told they resembled a sort of small inseot, and that if they annoyed tho British lion, ho would crunch them up. (Laughter). There were nothing to bo said upon such things. He supposed no one would listen to them, but that they came from tho leader of the Government in this colony. Well, should they bo grouued or crushed up, it would be simply because they were asking for what was possessed by ail tho other colonies, and what the Governor had admitted WSB wanted. (Cheers). The people of this colony might be poor, and might not be numerous, bat they were Englishmen, and were prepared to stand by what they asked for. (Cheers). As to the British people being annoyed at them asking for Responsible Government, ho thought they would be astonished if they did not do so. With regard to the financial condition of this colony, be proposed to say nothing more than this : It waa very hard to be mis- represented. He thought a publio man should never be too thin skinned, and he was quite prepared to take his share of criticism, or to be reviled. Bnt he did object to hav \ ing words put into his mouth, * and he there fore desired to say that when a oortain paper had stated that he said in the House the colony was "on the brink of ruin"-he desired to say that he said nothing of tho kind. He admitted that he ' bad said he believed the Government had ¡ muddled and mismanaged the finances, ; and he was careful not to say more than this j -that if the state of the colony was such as was put forth in tho Governor's spezch, ho thought it was doubtful whother it was judicious to put it forth in the bare way it was put forth in that speech. He echoed what had been said in other quarters about the future bf this colony, provided the colony ia not interfered or muddled with by an in- competent Government. He did not think a Government could make a colony. He thought the more it was left alone the better. But although a country could not be made the better by Government, that Government could do a deal of mischief. Therefore, if tbè colony could produce men only equal to those in ether parts of Australia, the future of tito oolony was assured. It had been stated that this colony was now considering the tariff. He wa 3 not going into the question further than to say this-that he thought it waa a pity the matter was not left for a Government clearly repre- senting imo people to go into. . But, be that aa it might, even if he stood alone, he should always raise bia voice against increasing the duties OB articles necessary to the people, and he was sorry to say that, at the present time, a large duty should have been put upon meal and potatoes. All that meant increas- ing the revenue, and that it would press moat heavily upon those who had the smallest incomes. Mr. Hensman concluded his address by advising the Association to do its utmost to encourage patriotism amongst its members, and thanked the meeting for the resolution they bad conveyed to the members of the Legislature during the evening. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close 