SIDE VIE WS. •:0: " THERE is something radically wrong with the West Australian Geography/' remarked a stranger, during the recent wet weather. " How so," we inquired. "Why you see/' he replied, with a mournful air, "I always understood the Williams River was down south, and now ." "What," we interjected, "has anything happened to it ?" " Yes," he said, " it's got in the wrong place." "In the wrong place/' we gasped, "Where is it now?" "Why, down Williamstreet, and round Foster's corner/' he roared. Then we took a boat and paddled to the Royal Hotel, to have a drink and think over matters. t Many of the stories told of the faithful Jemima Jane, who tends to our creature comforts by waiting on the domestic circle, but few have such a high moral tendency as the following. A lady and her husband, who reside in Perth, took part a little time ago in some amateur theatricals. One afternoon the lady in question gave her servant a ticket, and her permission, to witness the performance in the evening ; but the heavenly-minded domestic thought she would consult " Ma" about it first. This she accordingly did, and no doubt there must have been a preity lively scene in the minor key of righteousness, for when the slavey returned to her mistress, she said "'as 'ow 'er Ma would'nt allow 'er to patronize no the-aters, and, what's more, 'er Ma told 'er she was to leave at wonst, 'as 'er Ma wouldn't 'ave 'er a-stoppin in the 'ouse of no play hactors." What are we coming to next ? This will put the stopper on all the amateur theatricals, and it is almost a question whether the domestic tyrants will allow their employers to take part in Concerts. The following story is given to us by a commercial traveller, who we know would not depart from the paths of truth, even for the sake of having a joke appear in the 'POSSUM. It so happened that this gentleman had occasion, whilst in Guildford, to call on one whose occupation it is to inter the human body after its occupant finds no further use for it—in other words an undertaker. In answer to his enquiry, " Is there anything in my line you want to-day," the interer of human receptacles gave a groan (Undertakers always groan), and said, "Trade's too bad." " How is that," asked the vendor of many lines. "Well, you see," said the coffin gentleman, " Times are bad, and people only eat one meal a day, consequently they won't die ; but when times are good they eat three meals a day, and die quick. No,—times are hard." The representative of Commerce informs us that after that he left, being fully convinced by the forcible argument, that times were bad. ^ ^ ^ ^f- sjf* ^ If wit were always an indication of prudence and high moral principle (says a London paper), Sheridan would have been one of the most respectable, truly respectable, men of his day. As an instance of his ready wit, his success, on one occasion, in entrapping a noisy Member of Parliament, who was in the habit of interrupting speakers with his frequent, " Hear, hear !" may be stated. Mr. Sheridan took an opportunity of referring to some person who wished to play the rogue, but had only sense enough to play the fool. " Where" exclaimed the speaker, with great animation, " where shall we find a more foolish knave, or a more knavish fool, than this ?" " Hear, hear," was instantly vociferated from the accustomed quarter. Sheridan smiled and bowed, and, as though the other had cried " Here, here," thanked him for his ready reply to the question. If our local Sheridan asked the same question in the Legislative Council Chamber, we know which side of the House the answer would come from— and wouldn't it be true ? ^ ^ ^f* "If" ^ ^ OUR HOME CORRESPONDENT informs us that Sir John and Lady Taylor-Whitehead leave Londoii for Perth at the close of the season. Sir John has made many friends during his stay at Buckingham Palace. He returns, we understand, to handle the razor once again. His departure will be the event of the season. Before leaving London he will, it is hoped, address a meeting of Sportsmen at Exeter Hall on doctoring up broken down race-horses. In the event of this aking place, the Bishop of London or the Archbishop of Canterbury will take the chair. # # # # * # A gentleman, only just arrived in this Colony, is willing to issue letters introducing the purchasers to the following distinguished personages at these very modified fees :— £ s. d. To any newly appointed knight ... 1 0 0 „ „ „ „ „ 's lady 1 5 6 „ „ baronet ... ... ... 3 3 0 ,, „ „ 's good lady ... 4 0 0 ,, The Queen (this does not include presentation) ... ... 6 6 0 „ H.R.H. The Prince of Wales ... 3 3 0 „ H.R.H. The Princess of Wales ... 5 5 0 ,, Prince Henry of Battenberg ... 0 1 11 è ,, any untitled Mr. or Mrs., who have known no scandal ... 0 0 6 „ „ „ „ scandal... ... 7 7 0 „ „ Royal Acadamician (male) ... 26 5 0 „ „ „ „ (female)... 50 0 0 ,, ,, Actor, working his way up ... 5 5 0 „ „ Actress „ her „ „ ... 10 10 0 „ Mrs. Langtry ... ... 80 0 0 „ Mr. Henry Irving > ... ...150 0 0 „ Miss Ellen Terry ) ... ...200 0 0 The last three insist upon holders of introductions sending their photos, applications, pedigrees, and characters to them for reference, for unless they have good credentials the three mentioned refuse to be introduced to any one anxious but unable to worm his or her way into Society in London. •J? V ^ •ft' ^ ^ Lady Dudley is a widow, Lord Dudley is an angel. There is no absolute proof of this latter, but as he became a ghost some time ago it is reasonable to suppose in accordance with the teachings of our small and early childhood that he is something or other in the sweet forevermore. The relict recently ordered some ornamental work for her mansion in England, and amongst other fixtures instructed the contractors to put up a couple of iron angels on the entrance gates. The men probably had never entertained angels unawares or otherwise, and they were a little at sea in the matter of sex and costume, but overcame the difficulty by casting an iron Adam and Eve, and sticking one on each gate-post, clad in the costume which was fashionable prior to the lady supplying Adam with fruit from the tree of knowledge. These angels did not meet with the approval of Lady Dudley, and she refused to pay for them ; they had no wings and no clothes, and in her opinion were a pair of New Caledonian escapees from the sultry territory presided over by Beelzebub, and she didn't hanker after that sort, not caring for bad spirits at any time. She was summoned, and in court her solicitor submitted the angels were incomplete. "Did yonr Honor ever see an angel without wings?" he asked. "Did you ever see one with wings ?" interrogatively answered the court, and the jury decided that Lady Dudley would have to pay <£400, the court refusing to determine whether the angels were according to the statutes, good and sufficient, or otherwise. 