Tlie ltiillel-liole. B? Fsjwcois CotFEE. At tbo time when I wbb employed in the Wat Office, 1 bad a oompanion who worked io the came room with me, called Jean Vidal, on old non-commissioned officer, who had lost hie left arm in the Italian campaign, but who bad still hie right hand, tbo "ounniug hand" of a quartermaster, with which he rxffutrd all eorte ol wondere in the calli^rapliia line, round hand, flourishes, Gothic letters, and he oould draw a littlo bird in the final flourieh of bis signature, with a single stroke of hie pen. He was an upright man, waB Vidnl, u true type of s pure-hearted and honorable eoldt'er. Though he was eoarcely fori; thrn.acd thfre wan but a sprinkling ol gray hairs in hie (air Zouave beard, in the office we b11 called him 11 Fire Vidal," less nut ol familiarity than out of reepeot; for -we all knew his honorable, self-denying life down there in his cheap lode ino nt the facitom ol Crenelle, where he bad taken in hie sicter, a widow with a tribe of children, and where he eupported tho whole family on tho slender income lis derived tram his pension, his cross, and bis ealary. Three thnurand trance for fire people I And fire Vidal'e coats-with the left sleeve, tho empty Sleove, fastened to the button-wero alwayi brushed as if be were going to a review, and the good man was BO oaretul of bis red ribbon, wbich be kept always bright, tbat be Oftd to take it out of his button hole when be carried a parcel in the street. As I Jived in the suburbs toward the south of Paris at that time, I often walked home with F6re Vidal, and I uped to take pleasure in getting him to give an account of bis cam paigns, as we walked pact the Military School, meeting at every etcp-it was in tbo latter years of the empire-'the handsome uniforms of the Imperial Guards, the pioneers in green, the lanoers in white, tho artillery officers in their magnifioent eombro uniforms, black and gold. H was worth while to get killed ia ancb a oostume ae that. Sometimes in the warm summer evenings I used to treat my companion to an absinthe a pleasure that poor Vidal denied himself out of economy-and us used to eit tor halt an hour in front ot the officers' ci'u in the Avenue de la Matte-Piquet. On tbeBC days tho old quartermaster, who had begome a sober family man, and was out of the babit of takirg " appetizers," need to rise from the table with bis brain stimulated to beroio thoughts, and I was eure to have some stir ring tale of the wars as we walked home. One evening-I believe, Gtod forgive me, (bat Fire Vidal bad drank two glasaea ot absinthe-»B we went along tbat horrid Boulevard de Grenelie, be stopped suddenly before tbe window ot a second band olothea shop-there arc a good many in thBt quarter. It was a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls fnll ot buttons, and tarnished epanlettes in the window, and hanging before the door, among dirty rage, there was here and there some old officer's ooat rotted by the rain and (retted by the son, withn sort of vague human roaemblanae in its tight waist and broad shoulders. Vidal seized my arm with his one band, and pointed with nis stump to one of these oaet-ofl garments-it was tho tunic o! an African officer, with ita many- plaited skirt, and ita triple gold band twisted into a figure nt eight on tho sleevea bb tbe huaearB woai it. "Look here," said he; "thiaie tbe uni form of my old oorpa-a captain's tunio." As he went nearer to examine it more olosoly, and read tbe number engraved on the buttona, he added, enthusiastically: " My own regiment 1 The First Zouaves 1" But all at once Pure Vidal'a hand, which had already seized the skirt of the old tunic, grew motionleBB, his facc darkened, bis lips {began to tremble, and, looking down, be muttered, in a tone of horror: " My God S Supposing it were his ?" Then, with a sudden movement, he tamed the tunio round, so that I could, see, in the middle of the back, a little round bole In the oloth-a hole made by a bullet-with a dirty looking black circle round it, of dried blood probably; an ill-looking bole, that made one feel both horror and pity, as if it had been a wound, *' Ob, oh!" said I to Fire Vidal, who had dropped tbe garment and walked on, with a hurried step, hanging his bead; " there is an ugly scar." And, guessing that there was some tale attached to it, I added, to goad my com panion into relating it: "It ia not generally in the back that a captain of the Zouavoa gets hit by a ballet." But he did not seem to hear me; he was muttering to himaelf, and biting his tnoua tache. " How could it have come there ? It is a long way from the battle-field of Melegnano to tbe Boulevard de Grenelie, Yea, I know, there are tbe vultures, who follow the Brmy and plunder tbe oorpaeB. But why juat there, not two etepB from the Military Sohool, whore the (ither'i regiment ia quartered 7 And ho must have passed here; he muat have recog niaed it. Oh, it ia like seeing a ghost." " Oome now, Fire Vidal," said I, taking him by the aim, intensely interested; " yon are not going on talking riddles; you may just as well tell me what that old torn tonic ha« reminded you of." But I verily believe that il be bad net drank those two absinthes I should never have heard the story; ior when I asked lum to tell me, PAre Vidal shot a suspioions and almost frightened glanoe at me, then suddenly, as it he had made op his mind, he began to speak, in a dry, hard voioe: Well, then, yes, I will tell yon all about it; tor you are a clever young man, and honor able, and 1 oan trust you; and yon will tell me-honestly, on your conscience-whether you think I was right to aet as I did. Let me see-where shall I begin? Ah I in the first place, I oan not tell you his name-the nther'*, I mean, beoause he is still alive. I shall have to oa!! him by the nickname we gave him in the regiment. Thirtty, we called him, and he deserved the name, too, lor he was one ol those feliowe who are never out of the canteen, and would toss oS bis twelve glasses of brandy, one for each stroke, when the olook struck twelve. He was ser geant in the same company where I was quartermaster, and we walked aide by side in the ranks. A good soldier oapital soldier. A drunkard, quarrelsome, and a brawler, be had all the fanlta of the African army. But he was as brave as an Afriean lion. He was not an easy one to manage-yon oould "see that with the first look of his sunburnt face, with its red beard and oold, eteel-blue eyes. When I joined the regiment Thirsty had just finished bis time; he re- enliBted, received the bonnty, and went in tor . three-days' regular oaronse, in the lowest part of Algiers. With four or five boon companions like himself, they drove about all paoked in an open carriage, and flourishing a tri-colored flag with the motto, "Tbisoan't last forever I" on it. He was brought baok to the barraoks with his bead cut open by a sword wound, that he had got in some Moorish den, where he had a fight with the Arabs. Some woman there got a kick in the soramble, and died. Thirety got well; he was sent to prison for a fortnight, and had his stripes taken from him. It was the second time he had been put baok in the ranks. If it hadn't been for his bad eondnot Thirsty would have been an offloer long ago, for he belonged to a very respectable family, and bad been well eduoated. Well, he lost his stripes after the affair with the Moorish woman, but he got them back again eighteen months later, at the same time that I myself rose to be eergeant-quatermaBter, tbanks to the kindness of the oaptain, who had great patlenoe with Thirsty. He was an old African soldier himself, and had seen him under fire in Kabylie. But just"at that time our old captain was promoted and left the regiment, and they sent us out a yonng fellow only twenty-eight to take his place. He was a Gorsioan named Gentile, a cold, ambitions man just ont of sobool-a very good officer, they eaid, bnt tearfully hard on the men. He would give you eight days under arrest for a spot of rnst on yonr rifle or a button missing oS your gaiters; he had never served in Algeria, and be had no notion of any insubordination or disorder. From the very first moment he aud Thirety wan at daggere drawn. That they were sure to be. The fiist time the ser geant was absent at the roll call he put him I under arrest for a week; the first time he got drank, tor a fortnight. When the oaptain a little, dark man, as stiff as a poker, with bristling moustache-ordered him under ar rest, adding, in a stern tone: "I know you, my friend, and I mean to master yon," Thirety never answered a word, hut walked quietly away towards the guard-room; still 1 fancy the captain would have lowered his tone a bit, if he had seen how the ssrgeant's faoe reddened with anger, and how bis ter rible blue eye flashed as he turned away. Meanwhile the emperor declared war on Austria, and we were all ebifted off to Italy. I pass over the inoidents of tbeoampaign and come to the point at onoe. The evening be fore the battle of Melegnon-where I lost my arm, you know-our batallion waeenoamped in a email village, and before we broke ranks the oaptain made as a little speeoh-he was quite right, waa the captain-reminding os that we were in a friendly oountry, and that for the honor of the army we should be on our good behavior, and he added that any one who caused annoyanoe to any of the in habitants would be punished most severely While be was making this speeoh, Thirsty, who was standing near me, leaning un steadily on his bayonet-be had emptied a good many glasses siooe the morning shrugged his shoulders; but fortunately the -captain did not notice him In the middle of the night j was wakened up suddenly. I sprang from the heap of straw I had been deeping on in the comer of a farm-yard, and by the light of the moon I saw Thirety with a young girl in hie arms, all torn and dishevelled, and oalling on the UuIooDft and All the saints 111 Iig&VGD; to i&vc; her. He wqs struggling furiously, like alios, with a lot of peasants and soldiers who were trying to resoue her from him. I ran up to help, but Captain Gentile got there before me. With one glanoe-he had a very com. I minding glanoe, bad the Uitle Cortioui-hi drove baoS the sergeant, cowed; then when he had spokena few reassuring words to the girl, In Italian, be oame baok and stood be> fore the culprit, and shaking hie flngex before the other's faoe; " They oaght to blow oat the brains ol wretches like yon," laid he. " As eoon as I oan eee tbe colonel yon shall hove yonr ser geant's stripes taken from yon; and it will be lor good this time. There Will be a battle to-morrow: yoa had better try and get killed." We went back to bed again. Bnt tbe cap tain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by s cannonade. We flew to arms and formed in a oolamn, Thiety taking his plane next to me. I thought I bad never seen bis fierce bine eyes look more terrible. The betallion began its much. We were to dislodge the white coats, who had taken op their position in the village ol Uelegnanon, which they bad fortified with oannon. Forward, march I We hadn't gone two miles when, bang! the Austrian oannon buret over us aidewise and knocked over fif teen of onr men. After that the offioers, who were only waiting for the order to charge, made as lie down in tbe maize fields like the sharpshooters. They remained standing themselves, of oonrse, and I oan tell yon onr captain stood up as straight bb any of them. We men, kneeling among the oorn-staiks, kept op an inoeBsant fire on the Austrian battery, whioh was within range. Suddenly I felt some one nudge my elbow. I tuned around and saw Thirsty loading his ride and looking at me with a eort of dare devil smile lurking in the corners of bis moutb. "You see the eaptain?" said be, jerking his bead toward that officer, who was standing at a distance of about twenty feet from us. " Yes; what of it f" I answered, looking in the eame direotion. " What of it J He ought not have spoken to me as he did laBt night ?" . Then with a rapid, well calcnlated move ment he levelled hie piece and fired. I saw the oaptain, with aeodden,oonvuUWespasml throw baok bis head and beat the air with his b&nds;, then drop his sword, and fall heavily backward to the ground. " Murderer I" I cried, seizing the sergeant's arm, But he sent me rolling two or three feet from bim, with a blow in tbe ehest from the butt-end of his rifle. "FoolI How will yoa prove I killed him?" I sprang to my '«ai, lutioni; but all ibi test'roge at the same time-! For there ww oar colonel, bareheaded, on hia smoking hone, pointing with bis sword to the Austrian bat tery, and shouting with all hia might: "Forward, Zouaves I Charge with the bayonet I" . What oonld I do but charge with the rest 7 And it was a fine thing, too. the charge o! the Zouavoe at Melegnano 1 Have you ever seen a heavy sea beating against a rook? YeB? Well, that ie just what it was like. One alter the other, three companies rushed up there like a vara over a rook. Three times the battery waB covered with the blue ooats and red breeches, and three times we saw the embankment bristling with its cannons' mouths reappear like the rock when the wave has spent iteclt. But the (onrth company, that was ours, carried the place. For myself, in twenty etrides I reached the redoubt; and helping myself with the butt-end of my rifle, I clambered up the embankment; I had just time to see a bine cap, a pair of {air moustaches, and tha mutele of a gun was almost touching me; and then I felt such a blow on my left shoulder that I thought my arm had been ' tom oB j I turned giddy, dropped my rifle, rolled over on my side by a wheel of one of the gtin-earriagas, and fainted away. When I opened my eyes again there was only a faint sound of musketry in the dis tance. The Zouaves were there, standing in sort of disorderly half-circle, shouting, Long live the Emperor 1" and waving their rifles at arm's length in the air. An old general with his aide-de'Oamp eame galloping up; he stopped his horse, took oS »s gold-striped cap, and waved it joyfully, shouting: _ " . " Well done, Zouaves I Ton are the finest soldiers in the world 1" 1 eat up, leaning against the wheel of the gnn-oarriage, holding my broken paw, dis mally, in my right hand, and I began to re member Thiraty's horrible crime-shooting his captain from behind, on the battle-field. All at once bo left the ranks and cams forward toward the general. The very man himself, Thirsty, the oaptain's murderer I He had lost his fez in the fray, and hie close shaven head was bate, with a wound across it, from whiob a narrow stream of blood trickled over bis forehead and down his oheek. fie was lean ing on his gun with one band, and in the other he held an Austrian flag, all tom and blood-Btained, a flag be had taken from the enemy. The general looked at him with the great est admiration. " Just look at that, Bricourtsaid be, turning to one of bis aids-de-camp*11 There's a man for you 1 He'll bave the eroes." And repeating, 11 Fine fellow 1 fine fellow 1" he turned to his aid-de-oamp again and said something I did not understand-you know I am only an ignorant man-but that I remem ber all the eame: . " . " Isn't that worthy of Plutarch, Bnaourt ? And then the pain in my arm was so great that I fainted away again, and heard nothing more. You know what followed. I have often told you how they hacked about my ehoulder, and how I lay in the ambulances for two months with fevor and delirium. And in my testtoss, wakeful beurs, I was always won dering what 1 ought to do about thirsty. Ought I to denounoe him! I thought I ought. But then, what proofs had I to snow I And, after all, if he was a soouudrd, he was a brave soldier. He bad killed Captain Gentile, but be bad taken a flag from the enemy? I could not make np my mind what to do. When at length 1 began to get better, I learned that, as a reward for his brilliant oon dact, Thirsty had been promoted into the regiment ot Zouaves of toe Guard1, ana that ibey had given him the Cross of the Iiegion of Honor. For the first moment it made me feel disgusted with my own cross, that the oolond had brought me in the hospital. Ann yet, after all, Thirsty deserved bis as well as I did mine; but he deserved, too, that hia ribbon should serve as a target for a fits of men told off to shoot him. All that hap pened long ago, and I have never seen the sergeant ainoe; he is still in the, service, while I haw turned civilian. Bat, just BOW looking at that tnnio with Us bullet-hole and God knows how it ever got there 1-hang i ing {here in the shop, with the bartMki were the murderer is quartered only a few yards off, I remembered that orime that baa gone unpunished, and it seemed as it the captain's ghost oried out for justice. I quieted P6re Vidal as best I could, lot his story had made him in a great state of excitement, 1 assured him that he acted for the best, and the heroio oonduot of the ser geant of Zouaves bad fully balanced his orime. But a few days after, when I went into the office, Vidal handed we a newspaper, folded so that 1 could only see one paragraph, and remarked, solemnly: "What did I tell you f" . I took the newspaper, and this Is what I read : " ANOTHER VICTIM OF IsnoimuNoSi-* Yesterday afternoon, on the Boulevard de Qrenclle, b man named MftUet, oomxnoniy callcd Thirsty, a sergeant in the Zouaves olthe Imperial Guard, whs bad been drinking deeply in all the pnbliohooses of the neigh borhood, with two ol hie oompanione, was suddenly seized with an attack ol delirium tremens, while he WSB looking at some old uniforms hanging in the windows ota second hand clothes shop. He mi down the street, brandishing his eword and apreading terror before him. The two soldiers who accom panied him had the greatest diffionlty in mastering the madman, who kept shooting, with fnry: I am not a murderer I I took a flag from the Anstrians at Melegnano I" We are informed that Mallet really was de corated for the gallant act, and that nothing bnt hie inveterate drunkenness has prevented bis being promoted to the rank of an officer. Mallet was taken to the military hospital,'the Qros-OaiUon, whenee be will shortly be're moved to Oharenton, as it ie doubtful it the unfortunate man will ever resover his reason." Ae 1 gave back the newspaper to Tidal, he looked earnestly at me ana added: " Captain Gentile was a Oorsioan. He has taken hie revenge 1" 'Tie Pitiful the things by whioh we are rieh or poor- a matter of ooins, ooats and oarpet>, a little more or less stone, or wood, or paint, the fashion of a oloak or hat; like the luok of naked Indians, of whom one is proud in the possession of a glass bead or red feather, and the rest miserable in the want of it. All vice stands upon a pteoipioe. To engage in any einful course is to ran down the hill. It we onoe let loose the propensities of oar nature, we oannot gather in the reins and govern them as we please; it is much easier not to begin a bad course than to stop when begun. Life is not a dreary waste; on the contrary, it is full of Joy and beauty; and to the strong, reliant soul, who has faith and hopo, it is full of goodness; bat beaaty mast be in tbe mind, and goodness in the heart, or neithor will be eeen in the world. Whatever it be that keeps the finer (equities of the mind awake, wonder alive, and the interest nbove mere eating and drinking, mot oy-making and money- saving, whatever it be that gives gladnees, or hope, or sorrow, this, be it violin, pen, or highest of all, the love of women, ie simply a divine gill of holy influence (or the salvation ol that being, lifting him out of the mire, and upon the rook. Flamborough Head--'Tiie cliffs arc seen at their greatest height near Flnmhnrough Head, where they hare an altitude of nearly five hundred feet, and a more imposing' vi w can not be imagined than tliat which limy S resent to an observer on the esj))annilc at riillinf:ton Quav. Tliey rcncli nut in a splendid sweep mill's long, and a dazzling while in color. They nie sheer from top to bottom. From the rolling arable land which BtretcUes.baek from them a deep fringe <>( brown niud has been washed down, and against their white faces it looks like a iriw of tassels. Down below is the era, bhnrp and diamond pointed, which bentis tip against tbein in some places, and in others leaves a narrow (dpe of lieacli, set with shining white boulders and black fragments of wnnkngc. At the end oi the curve the Head itnclf is thrust like a wedge into the sea. Solid and defiant as it looks, the sea has not left it un ecarred. Massive pillers have been separated from it, which foretell of future encroach ments, and the waves have eaten deep, mysterious cavcrns in it, through which the wind moans with unsilcnceablc grief. One of these cavcrns is called Robin Lytb's Hole, and forma a tunnel from the land ta the Bea. The entrance is low and difficult, but when it is passed, the explorer finds him self in a sepulchral chamber, dark, dripping and reverberant, with a roof fifty feet high. The rock is of variegated colore, and polished by the attrition of the seas, which tbe eastern gales send driving in. The floor seems to have been built by human hands instead of by the thoughtless gnawing of the elements. Sometimes n shaft of sunlight finds its way into the mouth, nnd then every drop qE water bffldin? on the walls liccomee a jewel, and tbe rocks reveal their iridescent eplcn dors. On the summit of the Head there is a lighthouse, with a lantern two hundred and fourteen feet above hi^h-water mark, a fraall fishing village, and the ruins of an *^ild castle, in which Robert the Third of Scotland was confined afterhiscapturo by a privateers man as he was escaping to France. Poor knights--These can be made out of slices of stale bread neatly trimmed. They should be about half an inch thick, and should either ba cut in fingers, squares, or some other shape. Soak tbc pieces in milk long enough to soften them,but not to break. Drain the pieccs and fry in boiling dripping nntil nicely browned on both sides. Place them on kitchen paper to drain, and then serve with jam or marmalade, put bcl.veen every two slices; scatter some castor sugar on tbe top and serve. Three Varieties--A contemporary say* that of three varieties of loudness-that of dress, laughter and talk-tbe first is the most pardonable, since we have only to close our eyes and wo are not offended by it. " We believe," it says, "that pyscbologists are agreed that tbe ha-ha laugh indicates a cultured mind, and the he-he laugh a shallow mind, and a ho-ho-ho-c laugh a gross mind. Art of CUass Carving-At ona time glass surpassed gold not only in >valae at a ma terial, but in forms of vases and drinking vessels wrought into various patterns by means of wheals and points. Ad article o! this bind was considered a worthy present for a king. Glass carving is a branch oi (he art of carving preoions atones began by the lapidary savage and improved with more or less ability by workers in arohaio times and earliest civilizations. In the Greek and Soman periods, when the glyptio art was en couraged as a whole, carving on glass may be said to have reaohed its zenith. Perhaps it is to tbe later Greeks and Romans that we are indebted for the flneBt work of the kind. Colored glasses were generally preferred to glass of oniy one eolor for carving; and at the present time oameo work noon a ground of a different color, is growing in favor of the educated and wealthy at borne and abroad. To England is dae the honor of reviving the art of glass earring. Grace Before Meat--This custom is more prevalent in Sootland than in England, With che " goody " people graoe it said not only before breakfast and dinner, but even when the slightest refreshment is taken. In deed in theiHighlande,especially in Sutherland and Bosshire, it is customary when a "dram" is given to ask a "blessing" over the " mercy." The following good story is told of a Highlander, to whom a " snuff" was of fered : Tbc fragrant mixture was pat on the baok of hie hand, and as it was a something to take, he.' saidJit .'would oniy be right to ask a blessing over it. So the good man closid bis eyes, and began slowly to repeat the bless ing or short prayer. A sndden gust of wind, however, blew the snnff from ofl his hand, on wbiohliB remarked, " Oh, it oouldna' be a meroy at all, when it wouldna' wait tot the gude God's bleiiing to be asked over it I" Krupp, the gnat gun-maker, gays that ha never aaooeeded in business antil he begat drinking beer. If the yonng men around he* don't mossed it won't be their fault. 