SPORTING NOTES. [Br Trompatoe.J The acceptances for the Onkaparaga are highly satisfactory as far aa the jumping races are concerned, but defections from the Cup | and Hills Railway Stakes are more numerous than was expected. The triumphant march through the North of Topthorne appears to have convinced the owner of Arrow and one or two others, that a visit to Oakbank would 1 be fruitless, but I am rather surprised at Echo, the South - Eastern horse, and Vanity not paying up for the Cup. Being in Melbourne last week I was nnable to write anything concerning the Onkapa ringa weights in last Saturday's Observer. Mr. Hughes had an indifferent lot to work upon, and the handicaps are built upon a 1 flattering scale in consequence. Although | Satyr is something like 2 st. behind the form of a horse like Lord Wilton, there can be no question about his right to figure at the top of the tree in this company, and he should be bad to beat in whichever race he runs. That Hill will prefer to start the old gelding in the Cup to running and winning the Hurdle Race with XI St. 4 lb. in the saddle is more than likely. Satyr is generally believed to be a thorough master of the art of jumping, but he has not yet been thoroughly exposed over hurdles, and his party are hardly likely to begin by sending him for a race with a big weight like 11 st. 4 lb. Topthorne has been ! a most fortunate purchase to Wyman, the bald-faced chesnut having won eight races in succession. He beat Arrow comfortably in two races at Orroroo last week, and in one of J these he loBt a deal of ground through strik ing a post. Since then Topthorne has won i the Morphettvale Cup, and although he beat nothing he strode along in a very taking | style, and looks all over a useful wear-and tear style of horse. His late victories entail j a small penalty for the Cup, but of course it ] is impossible to say at present whether | Wyman will go for the Hurdle Race or the Cup, Should he start in the Hurdle Race I expect to see him go out a good favourite. Brigand was one of the best little bits of staff that ever jumped a hurdle in this colony, but he ought to be a thing of the past by this time, and the party behind him will probably pnt their money on Rifleman- This son of Patriarch is fairly smart when at his best, and although his lege are most nnsightly he seems sound enough on them. Banker is quite a champion among hurdle racers iu the South Eastern District, and 1 am very much impressed with his chance for this race. AtMillicentlaetweek ' he carried 11 st. 10 lb., and won the Hnrdle Race easily, with Reprobate, 10 st. 5 lb., second. Taking the line through Reprobate this reads like good form, and 1 have not forgotten that the aged son of Croagh Patrick was quite at the top of the tree iu his district iff the days when Sir Patriok and The Agent were about. Doubtless these two improved very much after getting to Mel bourne, but Banker muBt be a good horse, and at 10 et. 9 lb. (including a penalty) he is | remarkably well handicapped. Tamanack most be a usefnl horse, judging by bis up country rnnning, butSwordtish will be better off in the Steeplechase. Maude promised to | develop into a good mare, but she has hardly eustained these promises. Exile is more at I home on the flat, and Speculation is hardly good enough for the company. Student and Canute are not likely to trouble the Judge to hoist their nnmber, and as far as 1 can see at I present Banker and Topthorne are the best | of these left in the race. The first named having been genuinely backed may be set! down aea certain etarter, but at present it is impossible to say what race will be chosen for Topthorne to figure in. i Satyr heads the list in the Cup with 9 at., and in my opinion whatever beats him will win. Affluence, who ran so well last year, is I not himself, bnt Mr, John File may be well : represented by Nicholas. This horse ran I well in the Metropolitan and Caulfield Caps in 1883, and he has been given a great chance < at 7 st. 12 lb. Lower down Topthorn mast | be respected until he is beaten, and Exile is i showing some form np country, In such a | light handicap I have no liking for the bottom weights, and all well on the day, I think Satyr will take a deal of beat-1 ing. At 12 at. 9 lb. Swordfish has | been given a really good show of win Sing bis second Great Eastern Steeplechase. Last year, with 13 at. 4 lb., he ran second to Charcoal, 9 st. 10 lb. Now he meets the black on 25 lb. better terms, and the extra 9 lb. off his back should be of great assistance to Mr, Ryder's stoat little brown. A horse that has safely got the Oakbank Coarse twice j is always worth bearing in mind, and were 1 sore about his condition I should certainly | give bwordfish my vote on this occasion. Charcoal ran like a really good horse in several raceB last year, bnt in the Hunt Cap and afterwards in Melbourne he cut up badly, On his May form he holds Hyperna pretty safe, but one feels chary of recom mending Mr, Ralli's black after seeing j him out up so badly in Melbourne. Mr. Macdonald once thought Brown Eagle one of the best steeplechase horseB in Australia, but so far Mr. File's horse has signally failed to justify this opinion. At the same time Brown Eagle has more than once run respectably in Victoria, and if he iB really well on Easter Monday he may cut a good figure, as he is a good safe jumper, and possesses some pace. Sir Ewan is a useful plodder, but he does not seem partial to the 1 Oakbank Course, and for this reason I prefer Hyperna. This useful son of Australian 1 Buck is very safe, and has a fair turn of j speed. He is in Mr, MoFie's hands juat now, and that gentleman will ride him. Huntsman H. is last but uncertain, and in any case 1 should not trust him .to stay the distance. Banker has more thau once ran well over fences, but he will have a race in him, and a horse can hardly saddle up twice and win a race like this. I am told Mande can jump big fences, but this ia a severe task for a maiden, and 1 should prefer the ohance of Robin Hood. ThiB little horse, when just out of the paddock, won a Steeplechase at Mount Gambier last July in very clever style, and he ought to be pretty well by ucw, as he has had the advantage of being in the St. Leonards Stable for some time. Convention is a good-looking young horse of | Mr. Von Doussa's that should turn out a fair j chaser with time, and Alhambra is said to poBBees some form by those who saw him run at Edwardstown. Demon is rather too wild to show to advantage over the Oakbank Course. Picking the Great Eatern Steeplecase is a very difficult task, and at present I shall restriot myself to saying that the winner should come from Swordfish, Brown Eagle, and Hyperna, the former for choioe if he is really well. The Hills Railway Stakes proved a gift to Trojan laBt year, and I daresay perhaps will start favourite this time; but if Wentworth is well on the day it will not surprise me if he carries Mr. File's colours to the front. Mr. MacDonald's horses were in very good form at Elsternwick on Thursday. Lara fully atoned ior hiB Caulfield defeat by just beating Menotti in tbe Shareholders' Cup, a stake worth something like £300. The field for this race comprised suoh good handicap performers as Ronai, Hogmanay, and Meteor, so that Mr. Crozier and his friends' would probably get a good price about I the eon of Conrad and Miss Harriett. | The other Coronet Lodge three-year-old Success was unlucky enough to be beaten by a head in the Shamrock Handicap, his con queror being Beckwith, while Vascosa, New Fresbian, Newmaster, and a number of | smart horses were in the field. Leporello wont the Hurdle Race, and Misfortune the ! Steeplechase, while Stafford, who ran almost last at Caulfield in a similar race, turned the ' tables on Sorcerer and Ghost by beating them in the Selling Race. Nominations for the Jamestown Races, to j be held on April 21, close with Mr. Correll, the Hon. Sec., on Monday next. There are i two races in the programme which Bhould attract some Adelaide horses. These are the Jamestown Handicap of 50 so vs. and the I Hurdle Race of 30 so vs. By-the by, I see the , Club has made a rule of ifs.own regarding the | definition of a maiden horse. The Barrier Ranges Jockey Club intend holding their annual meeting on May 2d and 25\. The programme is a good one, and as the railway ia opened to within 20 miles of Silver ton Mr. John Pile and other Adelaide racing men are likely to be represented at the j meeting. The principal prize is the ] Silverton Cup of 3 sovs. each, with 150 added, 2 miles, and the B.R.J.G. Handicap of 2 sovs., with 100 added, one mile and a half. There are some fair stakes in addition to these, and the Club ought to have a good meeting. Nominations close with Mr. R. B. Fell on Thursday, April 21\. With reference to the Club the Hon. Sec. writes me that during the last year £l,O50 waB given away in stakes, and they have still a credit balance of £100. The com- j mittee are trying to induce the Government to run a special train from Adelaide for the races at excursion rateB. At the Albury Meeting on Wednesday the Fulh&m-bred; colt Britauus, by Richmond Britannia won the Mares' Produce Stakes, beating six others. The colt was a hot favourite, and won easily. The Albury Cup brought out a good field of twelve, and it fell to Beeswing 7 st. 7 lb. (Hales), with Abuse j 8 st. 9 lb. second, and Allander 8 st. 1 lb. third. The winner is the property of T. Hales, and he was presented with the Gold Cup in the Stand after the race. Trident has not accepted for the Sydney 1 Gold Cup, so he and Nelson will only meet at weight for age during the Sydney meeting. Lord Wilton and The Levite are evidently going to Sydney, as they are nominated ( freely, the cbesnnt being engaged in all the weight-for-age races. The new owner of The ' Telegram has nominated for several events. Tbe V. A.T.C. had a most snocessful day at Caulfield last Saturday, The weather was simply lovely, and the attendance was very good. It was the worst day that backera < nave experienced for aome time past. Not a single favourite won during the day, and scoicea of backers went through the after- ] noon without picking a single winner. To j begin, Ghost was made an even money chance | for the SeUing Raee, bnt the ugly old ches nut never seemed to take hold of his bridle, and Maroney won easily. Every one of the eeven runners for the Hurdle Race was | backed, but Whalebone was the least fancied of | the party, and yet he won with great ease from the favourite Goodwood. The winner is by Swordfish, and he has run consistently for tbe past two months. The St. Hilda Cup brought out a good field, the favourites being that good horse Kohai and the Coronet Lodge colt Lara, The latter was backed more because the etable were sanguine than on any form he bus shown this season, as since he won at Williams town the sturdy little son of Conrad has not figured to advantage in public. Abuse had the snpport of most of | the FiemiDgton people, and Fhaon i bad a good following. The race was ran at a good [sound pace, Lesbia and Lara being in front until half a mile from home, when Cracknell drove Abuse to the front, and despite the efforts of Kohai and ! Phaon the light-weight won rather easily. Abuse is a very lazy horse, and Cracknell | rode him all the way. With the winner out of the way Eohai would probably have won, bnt it would have been a close thing between him and Phaon, and Lara ran fairly well considering that he was disappointed once in the straight, Marmion, a very good-looking brown in Foulsham's stable, was voted real jam for the Steeplechase, but the outsider Sweetmeat stuck to him all the way, and finally outstayed by half a length. The favourite did not appear to finish very generously. The unlucky Bedouin was the favourite for the Federal Stakes, but he was not handled very nicely, and after a splendid finish Boz won by a head, The style in which the Boa worth colt won this race | stamps him a good honest colt, and he cer tainly looks like developing into a fair out sider for the Derby. Mitrailleuse opened favourite for the South Yarra Handicap, but before the flag fell there was such a rush to get on Approbation that he left off quite as good a favourite as the New Zealand mare. Approbation had been tried with Vascosa and beaten the mare anyhow, but in the race he was done with before the distance, and VaBcosa won easily from William TelL The result was a fair knockdown blow for backers, as 15 and 20 to 1 could have been had about the winner. By-the- by, Chicago is a horse that should win a good race some day, and William Tell will do more service for the Messrs, Miller. Mr. J. EL. Aldridge has sold his horse Balaria, by Pride of the Hills from Lady Fergusson, to a Western Australian racing man, and the horse has been shipped for his new home. I hear that Bince the V.R.C. Meeting Mr. Locke has disposed of The Telegram. The horses Lady Carrington, Huntsman II., and The Baron arrived from Melbourne on Tuesday. T. Kain, the orOBs-oountry jockey, was also on board, and I suppose he will ride either Swordfish or Huntsman in [ the Onkaparinga Steeplechase. Mr. Jordan failed to dispose of his Wild Eagle—Rivalry colt at the autumn sales, but the oolt was afterwards disposed of .privately, Mr. Joseph Thompson being the purchaser. The colt was in the paddock at Caulfield on Saturday, and he compares favourably in the matter of looks with any of the two-year-olds j engaged in tho next Derby. Another fine ] two-year-old I saw last Saturday was Boyal Dash, by .Richmond—Serenity. His hooks have given Mr. Leek a deal of trouble, and hiB trainer wisely determined not to attempt racing him this season. Mr. Stead changed his mind about selling I Lochiel, and last week the Newmarkec | winner and Maxim returned to New Zea land. The crack light-weight Gorry did not ride at 'Caulfield last week, he having gone to Sydney with Hod. W. A. Langs horses. Tomlin, who hails from Adelaide, is now nearly aB popular as Gorry. This boy haB risen with rapid strides Bince he had such a good time at Silverton last June. A telegram appeared last week stating that j an Adelaide backer had failed to settle over the V.R.C. Meeting. The young plunger Adelaide man, and I referred to is not an . suppose the mistake occurred owing to the j foot that he was in the habit of backing Ade laide horses pretty freely. S. Cracknell rode Abuse to victory in the St. Hilda Cup last Saturday. This was his first mount for some considerable time, and Sam handled the horse in a style which shows that he is still able to hold his own with the best of his profession. Books have been opened on the Onka paringa Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. The picks for the Hurdle Race have been some what numerous, but the only genuine busi ness I bave heard of waB in connection with Banker and Swordfish. These two were coupled on Tuesday to win £500. The Messrs. Robertson have leased the | steeplechase marel Reny to a patron of Tot hill's stable, and a very nice two-year-old filly by the Englishman from Catspaw has been lot to Mr. C. L. Macdonald for her j racing career. The Ersktae Cup, presented to the South Australian Coursing Club by Mr. F. J. West, may be seen by members of the club and others at Stevenson Brothers', Rundle-street, where it was purchased by the donor. The | cup is a massive and handsome piece of plate, standing about 20 inches high, and having a pair oi goblets attaohed. It will be appro- ! priated by the winner of the Poppy Stakes, which will be run at Hindmarsh Island on the 29th inst., and for which nominations are due on March 25. In the Hurdle Race at Saddlewortb Bunda leer's weight is 10 St., and not 10 st. 9 lb., as previously stated. 