MY WIFE'S SISTER. Br GEORGE HURDIS PURVES, Author op " The Old Life is a New Would." Chatter VJI. — I Give Cordelia a Bit of . My Mind. I think that you will aumit, when you take into consideration that all I have recorded in the last chapter happened within 10 days of Cordelia's arrival, that she had to no small extent availed herself of my invitation to con- sider our house her own. She was not long in giving further proof of her intention to take me at my word. Some kind Australian friends on a visit to the old country, haviug taken a house for the summer in one of the most charming situations in the Isle of Wight, had sent us a pressing invitation to pay tlicin a visit, Violet, though most anxious to go, did not feel quite equal to the effort, and moreover was evidently averse to leaving her sister so soon aftor lior arrival. Under the circumstances I would have refused the invitation. This Violet would not hear of. It ended in my going, and I mnst admit that I spent a very pleasant 10 days with iny friends the Curlews. Wishing' to give my wife a surprise, I came hack a couple days before she expected me. Leaving my luggage at the railway station I trudged off on foot for " Tho Vineyard." The thought of the dear girl whom 1 should so soon hold in my arms lightened my fcot and shortened the distance. The whole way I pictured her surprise at my return, and as I felt the outline of a certain small box which I had in my waistcoat pocket (I had been tempted by a diamond hoop-ring on my way through London), I laughed out loud at the pleasure it would give her. When I got «« uic uuums iki uij sou iu wnn my latcn-Koy. I put down my hat and stick in "the hall, I took care to do so noiselessly, and it was on tip- too that I cropt up to the diuing-room door, which I proceeded to open very carefully. Long before it was fully open a sight was disclosed to me that fairly took my breath away. Distributed about the room were somo 10 or 12 ladies, varying from girls of 16 or so to quite elderly dames, engaged in every descrip tion of needlework, whilst the Revd. Thomas A'Kempis, oar smug-faced, sleek-haired young curate, was reading aloud for their delectation. On the tablo was quite an array of tea-cups, and on tho sidoboard piles of bread and buttor, and of scones, and of cake testified to tho fact that afternoon tea was at hand and was to ho no unsubstantial make-believe. At my entrance (no I not entrance, for I stood stock-still in tho doorwav)— at my ap parition the curate ceased reading, tho ladies ceased working, and some five-and-twenty eyes (I am obliged to use an odd number because Cordelia was of the company) were simul taneously rivoted on mo. Luckily my wife, who was first to boo mo, was sitting near tho door. Sho jumped up and greeted me warmly. " Why, Cherry, this is a surprise 1" sho ex claimed. ..." '' 11 I gasped. I never said any thing truer than that in my life. "What— what does it mean ?" Why, dear, it is a Dorcas meeting," answered Violet, with an uneasy smile, as she caught sight of my face. "Come 1 Let me introduce you 1" Thereupon she took me round the room and presented mo to each person separately, coming last to the curato, who stood, book in hand, with a fatuous smile on his face. I thought it necessary to say something to him iiT3 H had merely bowed to the ladies I j "Don't yon - feel rather-Jrathcr , f amongst so many ladies ?" I a.ked ?, d 1 assume an affable manner, and" sumS l fl smile or the ghost of one, to my face DS' 1 " Oh, no 1" he lisped. " I_j i;ve A „ 8 JThc dog 1 " Hike it.. | When they were all gone an explanation -u 1 vouchsafed to me by the voluble Cordelia I of course, was at the bottom of tw'Jv i matter. ueWflo,< H " I thought it such an opportunitr " cv H concluded, " to help the Howdah mission ,Jh i which I am connected, as f think I haveS 8 you. As she thought she had told me, indeed! I Sho had drummed it into my ears moraine 1 noon and mght over since she had been with 1 us. "Knowing that gentlemen dislike Z 1 fuss I took advantage of your absence " ' B " Yon did, indeed." I murmured. H " To hold two meetings, one a week ao sat i to-day," she went on, not heeding my'iiZ 1 icction, "and think I may sav'denr" A, 8 turned an appealing eye to ViSlet, ' that wa 8 have got through an amount of work that dan I us credit." ' | I had been looking at Violet too, and with I no little uneasiness. I felt sure that she hid i been doing too much, for her face looked ml, I aud thin. r " | " Well, I am glad that your meetings tccrt I held in my absence," I said to Cordelia, hopin» 1 by my manner to put an eud to the discasuon" I " for I hate that kind o' thing, And von' I Violet, have you " I " I presume that you will not interfere with I our future arrangements," interrupted Cordelia I bridling up. " We have " I " It depends upon what those arrangcmetii I arc, ma'am," I answered curtly, for the scene I jarred on ray nerves. " I Violet saw that I was not pleased, A cloud j of anxiety settled on her prelty brow. I "lam sure that Cherry must be tired," she I interposed. " Wa will discuss the affairs of I the society some other time, Dilly, dear." When we were aloue Violet put her deu I head on my breast aud burst into tears. I " I knew that you would be angry— sot I nngry, dear, but annoyed," she sobbed, "I I tried to prevent it, indeed I did." I I was not proot against Violet's grief— then I is not a man living, a man worth his salt, vrho I could be. , I "Pooh, pooh 1" I laughed, as I patted her pretty head, nyo, and kissed it over and owr again. " l'ii not angry. I'm not angry, my j darling. " . At that moment I bethought ine of the little box in my pocket. Pulling it out, I tool therefrom tho diamond ring. : " There, my dear, are somo of your tean which I have had set," I said with a laugh, and I I placed it on her finger. Whereupon Violet laughed, aud then cried, and then cried and laughed. But whether she laughed or cried, there was a color in her dimpling cheeks, n light iu her dewy eyes that for the time being drove the Dorcas Society out of my mind, and relegated the fiery Cordelia to an oblivion from which I wish that she had never emerged. My return was to. he fruitful iu surprises. The next morning Violet prepared io get up for breakfast, a meal which she had taken ia bed for some weeks past. I asked her the reason. " Well, Cherry," she said, coloring violently and evidently ill at case, "Cordelia has heeil speaking to me, and she thinks I— I ought to make an effort " " Make an effort bo hanged 1" I exclaimed (Oil, turn up your saintly eye, Miss Salsbnry. I am hot ashamed to own to the oath).. 11 1 in sist, I insist, on your keeping your bed." When 1 got down to the diningrooo, Cordelia, hooks in hand, greeted me. " I expected Violet down by this," she said, consulting her watch. "Is she nearly ready, William. It's time for the servants to come in." "Violet won't bo down till 12," I auswered quietly. " So if your devotions ate pressiug, you had better not wait for her." " The flippancy that you always adopt when treating of religions matters " "My dear Cordelia" I interrupted with s smile, " do not waste vour eloquence on me. Reserve it for your flock, of which I shall not be one this morning," I added, lis I put on my hat. "I shall tako a walk iu the garden instead." If ever a woman swore Cordelia did that ininnte, though no word passed her lips. I saw her two great teeth bite convulsively the lower lip, aud wondered that tliey did not draff blood." " Yonr sneers," sho said, after a while in a voice choked with passion, " shall not deter me from my good work. I— I " Sho stood for a moment "her eye in a fine frenzy rolling," (noto tho joke) and then with a toss of the head turned on her heel end left me master of the field. It took the amiable Cordelia some days to get over this passage of arms, during which she adopted an injured demeanor, only speaking to me when absolute necessity compelled her. I need not say that far from taking her treat ment to heart I absolutely revelled in it. A hoDO was rising in me. a hone that I scarcely dared oatertaiu, that sbo would stand on h?t dignity and shake the dust of our house ofi her feet. No such luck 1 We wore not yet to get rid of her. . Within a weok of the scene last recorded sho was "at it "again, and Pus"s matters so far that had it not teen fur 1 iolet l should have turned her out of the house thero and then. Tho instances that I have hitherto given MM principally dealt with . her interference with our religious observances, what may be lemiea her prosolytisiug campaign. What I . bavs now to record will show how she poked hjr take-charge of-everybody's-busiuess nose inw our home life, especially that division or termed domestic economy. ' ; " Cherry dear," said Violet, ono Efternoo that we wero alone, as she placed her Mu on the page of tho book I was reading, order to ensure my attention and looked mto my face with quite a serious expression iii her brig eyes. "Do you think I am very extravagan i dear J" „, T ' ' ' Extravagant 1 Indeed I don 1 1 1 . swered off hand. "What put such an into your head ? You are very economical, . .."Ah!.. You are answering .without con sidcring tho question," she sighed with a gravitv, " and I want you to 'really f,f> the matter- Now,- consider , dear. " Don t J think that I might perhaps cut down o ponsee, if— if I took a little pains. i There was such a business like aire as she spoke that for tho not iielp laughing . if, of ,-rl fifuid, "when it is neces- l&'oxpeaiituro I will let you We are now: living well within our to"7' j we wc huve no one for whom we TJire to accumulate wealth-no one, as rlroimcd as I spoke, and a burning 2" hcr dimpled cheek. But when I 5! a her her eyes met mine, andtliero was a trustfulness written there that made my 'r-rsaid, still with an un- "t'iousnS: as she took me by both ft ' whilst my unfortunate book fell face fiJds on the floor, "I want you to hsten ?f natiently. Of course, X know that you effnrd erery penny we spend, but latterly I tfflnftp Sfdng myself if— if it . is . right Si should take advantage of your generosity f h. extent that X do." I was going to ! ®ol her Sho placed her hand over ray llter by on take such a pleasure in seeing me well dressed, dear, that X have taken more llle than I otherwise should have done S mr personal appearance, and-and have flu. spent moro money. Now, for m- V;: tea cown," sho said, as she held I "float breadth of the skirt between her . n tr fingers, " is a thing that I should never br dreamt of buying, if you had not insisted Mlly ta/girl," I interrupted warmly, "it Whv the deuce then puis yuu / j Ehoatd rou not have it r < But it was so expensive, she urged. What of that, if I can afford it ? I inter- But Cordelia says that it is positively might have known !t 1 ThouSh t,mt fend labors under the disadvantage of having only one effective eye she can take in as much pith it as Argus himself with his hundred. I bad noticed her "taking stock of" Violet's on moro than ono occasion, and had judged from a sinister expression of her oye and n supercilious carl of her lip that it did not meet pith her approval. These signs of disapproba tion had been specially noticeable when Violet hid first made her appearance in the toa-goivn above mentioned, a pretty loose-fitting robe of figured damask silk, which suited her wonder fully well. , . , , , Criminal be hanged I " I exclaimed, start- jog up and crushing the book under my heel — accidentally of course, though Cordolia, who probably was listening, swears that I did it purposely in my rage. " X wish to Heaven that Cordelia would mind her own business ! If I choose to clothe you " Tho door which had been slightly ajar opened at the moment and Cordelia thrust her long neck into the room. iiev.ll Tlan Sn ai'ov 9 " eVio crrnfTlrvl wTUi a smile. Without waiting for an answer sho walked into the room. If I hnd stopped thero I should hate done that woman an injury. X stepped through the French window on to the lawn. " 1 trust X have not drivon William away," the amiable virgin simpered, as she sat down by Violet's side. Now when Cordelia took the field it was her habit to make two or three harassing rccon- naisjmices before she risked a critical engage ment I ivns not, therefore, surprised at a littlo scene that took place at dinner.. 11 What delicious salmon, Violet, denr," I exclaimed. "You certainly always manage to get just the vory thing that X fancy " "I am so glad you like it," she answered with a bright face. " Like.it!" I exclaimed. "Nothing could he nicer." "1 think that I saw in the paper," said Cordelia in her meek voice — (she thought she had seen I Why, I had read the paragraph myself that vory morning) — " that salmon is very expensive just now, moro expensive than it has been for very mnny years." "Yes, it is!" admitted poor Violet, falling into the trap without the faintest suspicion. "Only fancy, 2s. 8d. n pound at this time of the year. Such a tliiug was never heard of." " Well 1 Two and eight ponce n pound won't break us I" I exclaimed heartily. X smelt a rat, and thought that perhaps a strong expres sion of opinion might stavo off tho comments which I knew were at tho tip of Cordelia's tongue. But sho was not to ba balked. "That 6cems to me — I offor the opinion fflth all (liflidcnfrn — gpoma tn hnrdltr question," sho interjected before anyone could say another word. " The point ia this. Is a person justified in purchasing salmon at two Pj eight pence a pound when excellent fish, hMdock, for instance, or whiting, can bo ob tained for a third of the price, " I hate haddock and loathe whiting !" I ox- -jSh't " And what do yon mean by justi- XiMr I asked somewhat brusquely. "perhaps we had better drop the subject," (aid Cordelia with the air of a martyr. " After all it is no business of mine," sho added with Violet f brou£'1'" an uneasy look to The campaign was now fairly opened and nwgeiueuts of moro or less conscquenco took P see every few days. Those, howover, it is Mt necessary to describo at length. X was J, s0 "'oil used to Cordoba's manmuvrcs ".SL011 general as she was,. I not infra- g ently hail tho best of the" encounters.-' Evon a ,ll?,!(:"rfd a victory,- which as a rulo was ti2 yiolet— wll. poor girl, was to tho last completely overawed by her sister's, martial ftL- cr, ' was a barren one, for tho abuso sh attacked flourished with unabated . 6 Ihns, when she extracted an admission "» w underhand manner from Violot that tided!!-8,, ,IM a Bomewhat selfish and de- idvant. kaEaot habit,1 X checkmated tho W?ig,!E,he hadobtaiuod bY a hitherto un fold iV ldu,Bcn(;a lutho.weod. Atfirstl had factuMi.!,!01? d u" t0 ke0P my. temper, a Now l m,- , &lv;?a Neran enormous advantage. diltrencA n I60 aPPe&ranC0; of stolid in- Peooerint' 1 sbo had all her batteries OorVthi „ at !lco' with the result that on delis that'S uCCfIOU il wa? amiable Cor- 'outed r , hcr tempor, whon she , was easily hut it admit that it was a cat and dog lifo, taUto w"ot Wlth0,u.t oxcitemont. In the im fhetemlilony011!011-1 ''"O'shon we still kept up let to fins clT'hty, though each was on tho Herbert Gosney hnd a wonderful dog to which my wife took a violent fancy. On this Herbert, who is the soul of good nature, insisted on her accepting him as a present. Moses is a poodla of largo size, and is— so I hear, for I am no judge — n wonderfully fine specimen of the breed. Whether that he so or not, I can testify to his intelligence, which is simply astounding. Ho not only bogs and carries things about in his mouth, and jumps through hoops, and so forth, hut he always shuts the door after him, and lias such an ap preciation of the revivifying effects of brandy and soda that at tho mention of that drink ho immediately "comes to lifo again" when simulating death. His hair is allowed to grow to its uormal length over tho head, chest, and neck, except round the eyes and the under-lip ; bnt the rest of his body and legs is clipped in a somewhat fantastic manner, according to the rigid fashion of the dog-world of the present day . He is an affectionate brute, and a general favorite. Now, to Moses Cordelia took a violent dislike, and sho never lost an opportunity of blackening his character. This dislike the dog repaid with interest. Whenever Cordcliu came into the room Moses would commence growl ing, and, defyiugall endeavours to pacify him, would retire under the sofu or a chair, whence he would express his dissatisfaction every few minutes as loug as his enemy remained in the room. " William," cried Cordelia one day, rushing into my room with an unwonted excitement in herftVG. thfli. finer lins ilmvti nf mn nirnin T really think that something should be done to put n stop to — to liis bad behaviour. He is positively dangerous." " "" . Cordelia always spoko of Moses as " that dog," as she thought it disrespectfnl, if not blasphemous indeed, to have named one of the brute creation after a Biblical character. When she asked me why he had been called Moses, I answered — the joke is feeble, I allow — "be cause ho hadn't all his 'tu'r on," and, as you may imagine, got nicely snubbed in con sequence. " Oil 1 He doesn't mean anything by it 1" I answered lightly. "Moses wouldn't hurt a fly." "Ohl Wouldn't he 1" sniffed Cordelia dubiously, as she dropped into a chair. " X saw him fighting with Bounce" — Bounce is our cat — " only last night, and I was very glad," she added viciously, "to see him get a good dub on the nose." "All 1 He hates cats ! " I exclaimed with no less vicious emphasis, looking her full in the face. " So do I. " Cordelia looked daggers at me — perhaps I should say " looked dagger," seeing her infir mity — aud got up. " It is impossible to ignore the innuendo con voyed in your speech, Mr. Bond," she snarled, showing her teeth as if sho would have bitten r.i i. " T sliqll nvntif Kneflkinrr fn vnn nn nnu topic until yon choose to treat me with the con sideration that is duo to your wife's sister." "Ohl As you please, ma'am! As you please I " I interrupted impatiently nnd stuck my head into tho newspaper. Cordolia had come into the room from tho garden, and whilst tho conversation|had been going on had taken oil tho hat she was wearing, n great straw trimmed with a dirty puggaree, which she held in her left hand. In her right sho held a white umbrella which always accom panied her in hcr peregrinations in tho garden. " Nice treatment, I must say ! " she hissed, raising the two articles in question almost up to her chin, nnd shaking them at me. " Oh 1 you" Before she could finish her sontence a sceno occurred of which I can never think to this day without laughing. I caunotsay how Moses came into tho room. When I caught sight of him there ho was with his o.ves starting out of his head and his tail was stiff as a poker, his teetli firmly fixed in Cordelia's puggaree, which he was shaking with such good will that it pro mised to bo in bits beforo she could extract it from his rapacious maw. Sho had hold of tho hat, to which— let mo give her credit when I can— she atuck with no little pluck, and tho whilo Moses growlod viciously made vigorous digs at him with her umbrolln. I was so con vulsed at the scohc that it was all I could do to haul Moses off his quarry, and when I had put him out of the room it was with a broad grin that I turned to Cordelia. " By Jove 1 He meant it that time," X ex- clnimod. " Bcr — bruto!" cried Cordelia hysterically, hut whether sho meant tho exclamation for me or for Moses (who was looking through the window with flaming oyes) I shall never know, as sho bad an cyo fixed on each of us. I knew that Cordelia would not give in with out a strugglo, so I was not surprised when I found that sho had been at Violet, and had used every nrgumout to obtain the dismissal of tho obnoxious Moses. "I know that you hate me to tnlk about money matters," said dear Violot tho very next day, " but you won't mind mo speaking' about a little, little, littlo item," Violet em phasised tho adjcctivo with the dearest littlo elevation of the oyebrows, " of our expenditure, will you, dear?" "Of courso not, my dear, I answerod. "Well," said Violot and then paused, and looked into my faco. Now, I don't know how it came about, but I immediately guessed that Mosos was tho item to he discussed. . Well," I repeated. "Its about Moses, isn't it ?" Violot looked surprised. " Huiv ever did you guess ?" sho cried. " Novcr mind lhat, dear," I laughed, " Toll m'n what it is first." . » Well, dear, Cordolia has been showing mo a letter which sho cut out of tho newspaper, aud— aud— you won't be angry with Cordelia, will you dear?" . "Go on, dear, goon," I said impatiently. "Weill The writer proves that it cost — now, how much do you think a year, dear ?-— to keep a black poodle. And he gives statis tics too. Clipping, so much ; meat, so much ; biscuits, so much; and— ohl he gives every littlo item, Cherry, dear Now— what— do— you— think— it— comes— to— a— year ? asked Violot gravely, pursing her protty lips. "A fiver I" I hazarded. "Tweu-ty pounds 1" said VioiCw making "twenty " souud as if it were a word of four S> "And inMoes cost twenty pounds, what "Think of what can ho done with twenty pounds, dear," Violot said in a low'roico, " though I confoss that I never thought of it until Dilly pointed it out. Sho says that it is as much as somo families havo to live on for a whole year, and, of coarse, when she says that, though 1 -dearly lore dear old - Moses, I feel quite guilty at keeping him." "Docs she say anything else?" I asked when Violet; paused. "No! but she pointed out tome the satis- faciion that I should feel if I denied myself the indulgence of an expensive whim of the sort, and devoted the money to — say hcr Mission, which sho tells me is sadly in want of " Now, Boeing that Cordolia had wormed no less a sum than fifteen pounds out of me only tho day beforo for her blessed Mission, I could not restrain my anger, for Violet's words i.u uiu LuaL uurueua nun maue no men tion of my liberality. "My dear," I interrupted rather testily, " your love for your sister and your deference to her opinion are alike admirable, but I think yon arc carrying both a little too far when you allow hcr to interfere in matters of this sort, which nro no business of hers. Sacrifice Moses to her infernal Hindoos, indeed 1 I'll see her hanged first !" Now it happened that flying out of the room in a temper, not of course with my wife hnt with Cordelia, I ran into the latter in the hall. "I want n word with yon, ma'am!" I said as X led the way into the breakfast room. I will not attempt to reproduce the scone that ensued. Cordelia Salsbnry avers that I used language which made her hair stand on end, and I v/ill allow that it is quite possible of it, and it is as coarse as whipcord. But when she say3 that I used force to her, I need hardly say that she is not telling the truth. I pnt my back against the door and insisted that she should hear me out, and by Heaven 1 I ought to have done so long before. If that is using force, I plead guilty. "Now you can go, ma'ain," I said at length, " and I give yon warning not to meddle in onr affairs again." Cordelia was livid with rage, and as she rose she shook so that St. Vitus himself would not havo " been in it" with her. " However Violet could have married sucli a brute," she hissed out, "I don't know. I would sooner have wedded a Hindoo." "I wish to Heaven yon had, ma'am, and that he bad died," I exclaimed viciously. "I hear that they burn their widows." She did not appear at dinner that day. 