TATE OB. CHANCE P A, STORY IN TWO CHAPTERS. (4« The Tear Round.) CHAPTER I. One bri gilt September afternoon, mauy years ago, an elderly gentleman was see- ing his daughter off from Paddington. He was af ussy > hot, excitable little man ina white hat; bnt as, beyond being the father of the heroine of this strange tale, lie has no further claim to interest, it will only be necessary! to state that he was Major Game, home from India on leave. Bis daughter was a tall, distinguished looking girl, with a beautiful, sensitive face, expressive dark eyes, and something in her whole manner and bearing indicat- ing an impressionable temperament, and ^toghly-strung nerves. She looked about nineteen, bnt was really three-and-twenty. Sha had been boru in India, sent home to England for a change bf life, and in spite of the mournful prophecies bf the aunt who had educated uer, had grown up into a fairly healthy young woman. ? ' She was, however, -deficient in vitality-; excitement and fatigue soon told upon her\ nervous system, and the London season j seemed to have tired; her so much that lier father grew alarmed and irritated at : her pale looks abd listless movements. , À three weeks' stay in a country-house ia Sussex having produced no good effect, he persuaded her to accept an invitation from a girl friend, who had written to ask her to rusticate in Gloucestershire for a month or/twb. ?, Mabel did not dislike the idea. She was warmly attached, to her. friend Nelly Dawson, whose thoroughly practical nature had a steadying effect bli lier own imaginativo ' and- 'romantic temperament. ' A. rather 'serious flirtation, which on har side had gone beyond flirtation limits, had preyed upon her health, and was the «eal cause bf the dejection which had so muchworried hep father. Thé * young man/ f ronisome .unexplain- able cause, had gone off abruptly, and Mabel could not recover -from' the dis ' ^appointment and mortification produced hy his departure. The heart-siókness of deferred hope told upon her; each time the postman's knock sounded, through the house, her nuises beat madly with throbs of expecta- tion, followed by a reaction bf bitter dis- appointment. There was rio! one in whom she could confide ; and she felt as if the sight of her old schoolfellow's kind, ugly, sensible face would ba a comfort beyond expres- sion. Her father's fussy care irritated instead of soothiug her, and she looked forward' with absolute relief to freedom from his society, and sauk back in her seat with a sigh of delight as the train glided off and left him perspiring on the platform. How delicious to have long, lazy days in a quiet old country-house, to lounge in a cool orchard, not to be obliged to make oneself pleasant to a lot of uninteresting Eeople! In Sussex there had been a ousef ul of .guests, and every moment of the day she had had to be ' en évidence,' io dress, and sing,- and talk, bud be as bright as possible, while she only longed for night to come, that she might think quietly of that wretched young mau, and wonder why it was he did not write. At the Dawsons' she need not wear a mask, she felt sure, and she could venture to tell her troubles to Nelly, who was true as steel ; that ' rara avis,' a woman who could be trusted with confidences without betraying them. When the train stopped at Moreton lhere was Nelly waiting en the platform with a world of welcome in her face. She rushed forward, seized Mabel's bag, saw to the luggage, and led her off to the little pony carnage which was waiting outside Ahe station door. She was the very opposite of Mabel in appearance as weil as in character. She was short, rather * pudgy' in figure, and dressed like a housemaid. She had not one good feature in her face, and yet her expression was so foll of kindly human geniality, her smile ao cordial, she was so absolutely self-un- conscious, that love went ont to her spontaneously. Children smiled back into her kind eyes, dogs wagged their tails at Jhflt, cats rubbed themselves insinuatingly agatust her dress at first acquaintance; am atmosphere of kindness and sympathy seemed to radiate from her. Mabel felt this influence at once, and when the little wldte pony had started on -the slow amble which was his favourite pace, and which his mistress rarely dis- turbed-she put her arm around her friend's substantial waist and gave her a jflfcflyjy fcyjflt- n.--Ti_-.* * Ton dear old Nell-I feel better ai <ouce for only just seeing: you.' 'I can't tell you*darling, how glad I am \- ito have you., It'« too.- good to be true. I'm à&y; afraid, yon will, find ns such, : slow, ?quiet people, after all the gaiety jrou are awed to. Tout won't pare to «tay, long, ?dear, I'm afraid ' ¡ i .'<^u *-,!...:?? .,/-.* . Ob NelL don't say j that,11 expect I «hall want to vßtops-oflHejas-lpng ^yc^ «viii care to keep me« It is just to be with yon, and to he quito quiet, that I want. Ton don't know what a comfort it ie to he with you. I hare boen so un happy, Nell" ' Poor dear child ! what is it P Bo tell me if it will help you. But I won't, ask yon anything. If yon would rather not speak of it, don't/ ' I waut to tell yon. dear. I want your advice, dome into my room to-night, and have a chat, will you, and let nae tell you all about it P* * Yes, 1 will; and we'll see if we can't fiud a way ont of the worry, whatever it is.' ,-.. The Manor House was only a short dis tauce from the station ; soon thev drove the lodge gates and drew up before the i hall door. Mabel was a little bit di sap j pointed. The house was smaller than she j had. expected, and the cauntry round : was not so pretty as she had thought it j wonld be. The evening had turned grey \ and sad with the strange melancholy of approaching changé than early autumn j brings. ' ''?''! À sudden gust of wind stirred the trees, I brought down some fluttering leaves from i the old elms, rustled in the creeper that! covered tho house and .the roses that : clustered round the porch. An old dog {same waggling put, with a j contortion of the face evidently intended \ for a smile of welcome. .. : ! Mrs. Dawson, looking as if just aroused ¡ from her afternoon nay, appeared in the ' doorway putting ber cap straight. 'Mary,} the eldest daughter came forward, and: both greeted their guest with affectionate i warmth. They had so often heard Nolly speak of Mabel Game that they felt as if they had known! her for yearn ; she must ' make herself st borne at once. In the meantime Mabel was going; through most extraordinary phases pf j; emotion, ' *j At the sight; pf the grey-stone house an:; Indescribable sensation had corns over her. She strove to 'mast er it ; she forced her- ' self to smile in response to the kind and' eager word^ j>fjriUcomeJ;hat.greeted lier.f She. tried to shake off the horrible! dread-there/was no other word jfpr it-! which chained her feet to the ground and; seemed to paralyse lier. Mrs Dawson» led the way into the; house. Mabel, made a desperate effort.! dragged herself forward, aud readied the hall. . Once inside, the feeling of terror in- creased 'and intensified. If she could; haye described it she wonld have said that she felt as if a strange, unknown power were holding ber back. The air stilled .her, the walls of the long corridor seemed; closing in on lier. Thp terrifying thought, ' I am going to be very üi,' struck .her, and with it came the longing to be'back in Louden again ! in her own familiar bedroom. Mrs. Dawson, in happy unconsciousness of her guest's sensation, led the way into the large, old;fashioned drawing-room. ' Sit down, my dear. Let me give you a cup of tea. ? iou don't look very strong. Has the journey tired you much r 'I am very tired.; I bare a bad head- ache,' said Sjtnbel, dropping into a large arm-chair, and pushing back her hat from! her throbbing head. Her hand shook noticeably as she raised her cup to her lips. .I'm sure you're npt well, Mabel,' said Nelly, watcliing ber with much concern. * Finish your tea, and then I shall take yon upstairs, and. make yon lie down for an hour. Ton wonld like to come now? Very Well, let me lead the way.' They passed np the broad staircase, and down another corridor. * This is your room, dear ; now liedown, and Jet me put-this shawl over yon. Now, try to set to sleep for an hour. Here is the bell, if you want anything.' . Mabel closed her eye« and tried to sleep, but in vain. She sat ap at last, and looked around. \- The room was exceedingly large and lofty, the walls were pennetled, the tali mantelpiece very old-fashioned ; there were two windows, one looking across to the chureh, the other overlooking the carriage drive. The ereuing was closing in, and .with the gathering gloom Mabel's strange terror increased. A horrible sense of familiarity with her surroundings crept over her, chilliug her very blond. She had never been in Gloucestershire before in her life, and yet every room, every passage of this gloomy old .boase seemed well known to her. Her mind seemed $a be on the verge of some dreadful recollection and discovery.: Each instant shè felt as if tho next would Dring a flash of budden remembrance that would extinguish her rewton. .' She walked to one inf the windows end looked ont. Beyond the drive.-stretched a large meadow, through which , a,-small river flowed} a gigantic, chestnut t|ee stpod: on the ^auk and^ its:^anches\ dropped '. int o the water ; a journter , bf ducks «g£$Mltlile^':Hi1dt^ 4%Häl^«vä»i i in¿%n%fla^pinfe their wibgs/auflboTst-, íng'bot into-what seemed to Mabel's, overwrought wild laughter. For- the first time for many weeks, Captain "Lawrence was completely ab 1 sent from her thoughts ; they were too [ absorbed by this overwhelming terror. She bathed ber lace aud hands with water, and lay down again- It seemed au eternity beforaNelly knocked at the door. ' May I come inf* 'Oh, yesi NelL Do come in and sit with me, will you P * ' Do you know yon, are not looking at all the thing, Mabel P You have been over-tiring and over-exertiug yourself.' ' I suppose I am overdone. I have a strange sense ot "something going to happen." Did you ever feel that? I can't describe' it to you. 'Rubbish! How often used I to lecture you on your morbid fancies, you silly old goose P I'm not going to listen to you. You must come downstairs at once. "Wie are not going to make any stranger of you, or change our usnal ways liecause yon are here. We don't go iu for late dinners ; we have high tea ; and you'll have to put np with it ; and it is ready now, and Tam goiS^T»*ca¥ry" you off and make you feed well ; so como along at once. Mabel felt'cheered, in spite of herself, as they entered the^cosy diuingroom. A bright fire was burning, and the blaze flickered irelcpmingly. The table, with its sinning silver, pretty china, and daintily - arranged .flowers, was most inviting ; aud to her own surprise Mabel found herself I absolutely /enjoying her toa. and .growing each moment less depressed aud more contented.' The quietness of the simple couutry talk; the importance attached to trifling matters that a Londouer would hardly consider worth mentioning; the indifference to topics Londoners con- sidered just then all-absorbing- turned her thoughts into new channels in spite ¡ of herself. Old M«s>»»J>awaonM,^o&siped;' away; placidly aBont some bf the people living! jrouna, whose acquaintance Mabel was to make in a day pr two. Mild dissipations, j in the way.bf croquet parties and picnics,) were planned. Nelly was evidently de-j vowed with anxiety lest ber London ; friend should be bored for want of amuse- ment ; while in reality Mabel looked for-' ward with anything but pleasure to days spent in,the society bf people who, she felt instinctively, would be uncongenial to her.' ;; ' 'Nelly dear, don't think I shall be dull with , yon»' she said at last. *I would rather be qnitc quiet, really, if you don't mind. ; I should, never be dull with you; and if we could just he together, and i go for walks, I should like that better than anyt hing.' ' Well, then, to-morrow we will ex- ! plore a bit. You must see the village first. Ours is considered " a" very picture- : skew village," as one of the «ld ladies ¡ in the union told me one day wben I was ] reading there. She is such an old j character. Yob have often heard me speak of Old Mrs. Waine, motlier, haven't I you P She is eighty-five years old, Mabel, j and she has her sight and hearing still, and she does a great deal of needle-work, and she likes to know what the fashions are, and she will knit you a pair of mittens for the winter.' ' We will certainly go, poor old thing !' said Mabel.. - * And now I wonder if you would be too tired to play tb. us a little,' said Nelly, presently. 'Just, anything you like. Mother is so fond bf music, and I have often told her about your playing.' Mable was not sorry to comply with this request. Mnsic with her was a passion. She expressed in her playing all the romantic sentiment that formed so large a part of her character. As a mat ter of course Chopin was one of her favourite composers. She played some of the nocturnes with exquisite expression, white her bearers sat entranced; but presently-half-unconsciously as it seem- ed-her fingers passed uncertainly from oneJxey to another, till at last they began the solemn, wailing chords of the Funeral March.' As she played it, the same strange and dreadful feeling crept over her as had seized her on entering the house. Her hands grew icy cold, the perspiration broke out on her face. She broke off abruptly, and got up from the piano, apologising for her bad memory, and saying she was not in the mood for playing that evening. At half-past nine the servants filed in for prayers, aud then the candles were brought, and Nelly and Mabel went up- j stairs together. * Now then, dear, what is wrong with yon ? I have come in to hear all about it,' said Nelly, as she shut the bedroom door. : ' Sit down in this arm chair, and FU take this stool at yonr feet. I can see there is ' somethine on jour mind, yon look so absent and tire«. I suppose it is a heart affection. Isn't it F * I'm afraid it is, Nell. Put your head in my lap/ and I'll try and tell vim all aboutit.' '/' '! '" * "? '. 'Then; came a long and embarrassed con» ' fession. to which ; «Nelly listened with ' eager, attention. ' It was much thé usnaj story. It began with where they1 met;, how tlicy^danced and sat out the whole evening ; what he said to her; wliat shb' said to him ; hov he osad to listen to her | playing by the hour together ; how he I songht her on every occasion, and had almost proposed to her once, only some wretched individual burst in at the very moment, and how there was another girl very keen on him, whose mother was a most unscrupulous schemer; and how he had gone off to Scotland shooting, and was staying at the house of these very people ; and bow when he called to say4 good-bye' she had been out. Her fear was now that she should hear from some outsider that he was engaged. * And you know, Nell, I have no self coutrol-I never had-and I should be- tray myself. X know I should show what a dreadful blow it was to me ; and then for anyone to see that I had £ared for him ! It would kill me I think.' Kelly -did all she could to console her. According to Mabel's account, this other girl must be ' a .horrid tiling,' who used unlimited powder, dyed her hair, made np her eyes,. and even smoked cigarettes. Her mother, too, was atrociously vulgar. ,\But they are rich, Nelly. I know! they mean to catch bim, and they will.' ' Well, if hjé; preferred, such a girl as that to you, let him go, Mabel. He isn't worthy of you. '~ He ÍB not the only man in the world.. But I'm sure he .must like you;, he couldu't. help himself, and I daresay he's just flirting a little with that other girl, and it will all come right With you, 1 am sure. You musii't be im- patient; these things take time. Now go to sleep, and' get as strong and as well as -you can,. while you are with us ; and when; you! meet him again, and he sees your, pretty face, the other girl won't have a chance. Now, good-night, and don't get np in the morning till I call yon.',:. ,. , . Mabel felt immensely . comforted by this talk. She looked at herself in the glass, and. realised with delight that she was really a very pretty girl, far prettier than the odious Miss Paterson.' 'Only she has money, nasty thing ! and men think so- much of that, and I am a pauper compared with her.' . She had been so absorbed by this con- ', fidential chat that the strange, feeling of terror that had possessed her had dropped into the background, and^it. was only when she put put ber candle and got into bed that it flashed across her. mind' with something of a shock She shut her eyes determinedly, and tried to go. to sleep. It was a fruitless effort ; she was hope-; lessly wide awake. The sens&tipn; of waiting expectantly for some rapidly ap- proaching event again possessed her. The long hours went on, and as they passed she became more and more restless and excited. Every sense seemed strung np to an agony point of expectation. Atlast she could bear it no longer. She got up, went to the window, and looked out.. It . was a superb moonlight night. The great trees seemed asleep in silence, so abso- lutely motionless were they; their long black shadows were thrown across the grass. The Utile river shimmered in the silver light; there was not a cloud in the sky ; one could have seen to read a letter by the cold, brilliant moonlight. Mabpl stood a long time looking ont on this divine calm ; at last, feeling chilled, she turned away, and was getting into bed again, when to her surprise,, she heard the sound of wheels coming up the avenue-slowly slowly-slowly. She hastily went to the window, drew back the blind, and looked out. What did this mean P What could this be eoming towards the house P Her heart gave a great bound and almost stopped beating; the perspiration stood in beads on ber face. What was this terrible black shadow thrown across the path, coming gradually nearer and nearer, creeping : forward with such sinister slowness? Mabel could hardly believe ber eyes. It was a hearse ! A hearse coming here, to this house, at this time of night. What could it mean P Fascinated with horror, she tried to cry out; but the strange, hoarse cry that escaped from her dry lips was all the utterance left to her. Still holding back the blind with one hand, she watched the great black horses slowly advance, till they drew up just under her window. The driver was sitting with his head bent forward, his face averted But presently he turned towards her ; she felt he would look at her, but she was powerless to move. He slowly lifted up his face till his eyes met hers and looked full into them; For at least two minutes she gazed down in those terrible eyes, then with a force of will which seemed actually to rend her body,' she fore herself away from the window, -rushed to the bed, and bid:.her face in it, palpitating from head to foot. After à horrible pause, during which she hod to.fight the most desperate 'im- pulse to gb back tb the window, she beard thé hoa^y muffled sound of the wheels slowly drawing away from the bouse. Bbb tedi tij t at hist and looked out:; There was only' the stillness bf the "moonlight and the abtetân'b&utybf; the night' All waB'sflenee andlieavehly calm.' > ' 'Heavenhelp me! I am going mad! I am going mad !' she said wildly to 'tier self. She knelt down and prayed fervently, and gradually grew calmer, but sleep was now impossible. That man's fae© ? To the last day ot her life it would haunt her. She would know it anywhere-in the streets of lion don, in the solitude of the country,. She felt as if she would wither up and .dis under the glare of those unearthly eyes. In the morning Nelly was absolutely shocked by her friend's appearance, Pale with black hollows under her eyes; with feverish, parched lips and trembling hands ; the girl looked on the verge of a serious illness. She 'com- plained of a bad neuralgic headache, and did not get up till long after lunch time. She had decided not to say a word to Nelly of the vision of last night. No one would believe her, she felt assured; they would think she had lost her.senses, She ventured on one little speech--she in- quired if the house were not very otd~ and, with an attempt to laugh, asked if there were not a family ghost in any shape or form. 'No,' Mrs. Dawson answered, uv her cheery, matter-of-fact way; 'the house was old, certainly, but there is not even the distinction of a haunted room in it. I do not believe in ghosts myself a£al£. there is a great deal of foolish nonsense talked about them.' Mabel saw the. necessity of keeping silence as to last night's. revelation if ehe did not wish to be regarded as a loaatíe. She roused herself sufficiently to go with Nelly in the evening to a village near. Long afterwards she remembered that walk with, vivid distinctness. The .cold mists were coming on as they passed through the fields and down an avenue of grand old oaks. From the steeple of a quaint old church the bells were ringing for the evening service, and the sound pf the water rushing through the little weir * made a soft accompaniment. They crossed the worn stone bridge over the stream that flowed through the village the water so clear that you could see the pebbles at the bottom. The sadness of early autumn was over everything; near home they were barning weeds, and the blue smoke was cnrliag up in the damp and heavy air. Mabel grew more and more ^niet-and-depressed, and Nelly herself seemed _ to catch the infection, and made nb attempt to ? -break the spell of silence. In her own mind she was worried by the idea that her friend was disappointed with their home, and that the stay that was to have ; been so long, would be probably shortened by one of those fictitious summonses that area recognised means of ending a visit fonnd to be tedious. The evening passed away in a melan- choly fashion. As ten o'clock approach ed Mabel felt cold shivers of terror creep over her. Several times she was on the verge of confiding her fears to Nelly, and begging to be allowed to sleep with her ; she was too deficient in moral courage to do so. however, and though she felt when the bedroom door closed on her friend that her last hope was gone, she held her peace. She looked out. The night was not nearly so bright as the previous one "had been; dark clouds were hurrying across the sky, and the moon seemed vainly struggling to emerge from them; tba trees were tossing in the wind, and their restless shadows waved across the window. Bat this was better than that awful still- ness of last night, only the wind moaned and wailed so sadly down the chimney. She got into bed,- but no sleep refreshed her. A dog howled in the distance, and the strange feeling of horror crept over her again as she listened. She had left her candle alight, but so far from being a comfort to her, its dim light only made the dark shadows in the corners of the great room more myste- rious and gloomy. At last, from sheer exhaustion, she fell asleep. A dream came to her; she thought she had to stand atan open window, past which a never ceasing army marched in rows of twenty abreast. Each mao, as he passed, tamed his face towards her, and looked into her eyes, while she was compelled by a force she could not resist to search through each row of men as it filed by her for one face. Oh! the aching misery of watch- ing that dreadful procession, the endless torture, the suspense, the horror of what would happen when the features she was searching for appeared, and those un- earthly eyes looked into hers. At last she felt it was coming; in the agony^ bf the moment a cry burst from her Ups. She had sprung from the bed in her sleep, and palpitating from head to foot» found herself standing by the window as before; she drew back the bund and looked out. The moon broke through tho clouds, and sent * great fined of tight over the drive. The hearse was there, waiting. Th» driver lifted up his eyes till they fasfwned themselves on hors with a long, penetra- ting, sinister gase. Then he turned his i face áway;the horses moved oh ¿-tb» clonas hid the moon again; the vision had vanished ! One firm resolve took possession of Mable when the grey morning light stole into the room. No fear of offending her friend; no -false shame of speaking of what she had experienced; no earthly power should induce her to sleep in that house again. She felt she would simply die on the spot were she to pass through another such sight. She kept to her resolution; she called Nelly in and told her every- thing, announcing at the same time her firm intention of returning to town that afternoon. The story sounded foolish enough, told in the practical daylight; ard she could see by Nelly's disappointed and incredulous face that she placed very little faith in it, except as a sign of dis- ordered health. Mrs. Dawson and Mary, when informed hy Nelly of what had happened, were more unmerciful in their judgment, and rather indignantly declared that the whole, story was imaginary. The fact was, Mary said, that Miss Garne found their simple way of living too quiet for her, and had invented au excuse to get home. Mabel's looks pleaded for her; but she felt» when she said good-bye that after- noon, rather like a naughty girl in dis- grace, and relief at turning her back on that unluck house was mingled with a feeling of shame and regret as she Ipok edat the estranged faces of her hostesses. '? Nelly drove ber to the station, and Watched the train off with a sad and re- proachful face. The. two girls . parted with' a chill of restraint. All'these feelings of annoyance was forgotten however, when a few days later Major Garne wrote to say that his daugh- ter had been completely prostrate since her'retnrn, and had been threatened with à nervous fever. Change of scene'was m imperatively ordered by the doctors,1 and they were leaving for Switzerland almost immediately. Mabel would be so grate- ful if ber friend Nelly would travel with, them. The offer was accepted. Mrs. Dawson was completely mollified, and poor Mabel's terrible vision was satisfactorily account- ed for as the vagary of a mind unsettled by Approaching illness. (Wo be Continued.) 