THE "REDEMPTION." A considerable amount of interest has for some time past been manifested in the per- <*> formance of Gounod's "Redemption," which the Adelaide Musical Association announced for their inaugural concert, and which was performed last night for the first time in Ade laide. This work, dedicated to the Queen, was commenced in 1867, but laid aside for 12 years, and then completed for performance in Eng land, It was to have been given in Gla?gow, but the musical people of Birmingham, who secured it at great cost (£4,000 it is ?aid) for their festival in 1882, were the first to have the pleasure of hearing it. On this occasion the composer himself con ducted, and the work received fall justice at the hands of very highly-trained performers, including such soloists as Madame Albani, Madame Patty, Mr. Lloyd, and Mr. Smtley. The "Redemption," acsording to the author's commentary, "is a lyrical setting of the three great facts on which depends the existence of the Christian Church:—The pas sion and death of the Saviour; His glorious life on earth from His resurrection to His ascension; and the spread of Christianity in the world through the mission of the apostles." The oratorio, or "Sacred trilogy," as it is called, commences with a prologue whiih is divided into three parts—The.creation, the rail, and the promise of redemption. The Creation is an instrumental introduction descriptive of chaos; the fall is narrated in recitative by tenor and bats, the latter part containing an unusual but not ineffective sequence of aug mented triads; and the Redeemer's promise is'sung by a" celestial choir"in the chorale, "The earth is my possession." Thin number? arranged for 28 voices, sopranos and altos eight each, and tenors and basses six each, accom panied by the organ. During the prologue appears a soft and tender melody, a kit witif of several bars, and thismelody reappears eight times, the hut being in the second part, where ! it is effectively given by the whole orchestra supported by the organ. After the prologue follow three divisions, of which part one , deals with Calvary, the Crucifixion, Mary at the foot of the Cross, the two thieves, the death of Jesus, and the centurion. Fart two includes the holy women at the sepulchre, Jesus appearing to the holy women, the sanhedrim, the holy women before the apostles, Jesus appearing to His apostles, and the ascension. Under the third part appear the Pentecost, the descent of the Holy Ghost, and the hymn of the ?r*"tl—, Tha libretto was compiled by Gounod himself, and however it may sound in the original exception may be sad has been taken to portions of the Knglinh translation, and which, to say the least of it, do not show a very skilful illus tration of the art of marrying words to music. Still the dramatic shape in which it is cast sustains the interest throughout, and un doubtedly serves to heighten the general effect. The earnestness and religious feelings of the composer are also shown both in the libretto and the setting, and that this cast <>f mind is natural to Gounod appears to be evident. As long ago as IS 10 I-anny Hensel in her diarv says "Bosquet tild us bow tor Gounod bad allowed himself to be drawn into engagements of a religious nature, the result of which he much feared for one of his weak charact9r. Bosquet ia ft*m*il Gounod will give up music and take to the cowl." A Cttpi man disputed towards the oratorio, whilst acknowledging that the "Redemption 1* is the work of an un doubtedly religious tone poet is of opinion that we should expect in an oratorio a^thetic and not religious devotion, and that we should "be raised above the dust of earth by the power of the musical ideas, and* by the genius of the composer, and certainly not merely by the sublimity of the religious ideas." : The narrative part of the " Redemption" is I divided between two male voices (tenor and i base), and daring their narrations—delivered with little movement, and for the most part on the tonic or dominant—the or chestra does not merely sustain supporting chords as in the greater part of the most com mon form of recitative, but produces various sympathetic figures, thus carrying on the in terest in a better manner, perhaps (at say rate as far as this particular work is concerned), than if treated in the usual way. In addition to the two narrators mentioned, the <?mw??t has written baritone solos for the central figure of the Redeemer, and the music is dignified and Bolemn. The penitent and the impenitent thieves and the Virgin Mary are also intro daced. Those persons, however, who expested to bear solos as in oratorios with which they ace fkmiliar, were disappointed, for the absence of this form of rarnpoartion is one of the con spicuous features of the work, the so-called cofoe being, with few exceptions, cast in tbe form j of recitatives aa already mentioned. Thenara two trios, both in the second part, for first and second sopranos and contralto. The fiiftt is, "How shall we by ourselves have strength to roll away tie stone from the tomb," and the second, "The Lord, He is risen again." The latter is of simple structure, plainly har monised, bnt very interesting, especially in the litter part. " lhaiflii thn rrr— r—?**??"*?£" ""< " By faith salvation comes'* are set for quartet and chorus. The former is cosmnencad by the tenor in a plaintive melody in A minor, answered by the alto in the dominant. The tenor then aanoanoes ?> nceowrt subject, and the foar voices follow; the first theme being taken up by all tbe voices in octaves to cqndnde the chorus. Tbe softly song " Unresisting, m cnmpiaining," followed by the forte desownding chromatic passage, "And yet the grief sbe bean, her heart in sunder tears," being very good. Numerous choruses and several chorals are interspersed throughout the work, and in addition to these there are four instrumental parts—"The creation," "March to Calvary," "The darkness," and "The apostles in prayer." The creation is an illustration by the orchestra of the words "And the spirit of God moved on the face of tbe waters. And God said let there be light: and there was light." The "March to Calvary," for soli, chorus, and orchestra, in A minor, is a lengthy, dramatic, and impor tant part of tbe work, introduced by tbe orchestra in a ttyle which by some is con sidered to be out of keeping with the solemnity of the occasion depicted. The composer, however, says it is intended to upieseut die brutality of the rabble dragging Jesus to execution, and it is in striking contrast to the compassion cxptusul by the snooeeding choral for sopranos in unison. This choral in £ minor, "Forth the royal banners go," is set for sopranos ia unison, accompanied by an orchestral figure for strings, and forms a pathetic commentary upon the mournful pro cession m it passes. Tie march ia afterwards resumed. "The Darkness" succeeds a short narration of the death of Jeans, and ia a graphic and very effective orchestral move ment. After two short narrations, "My Father, into Thy hands I command my spirit," and " Then gave He up .the ghost, and all came to an end," follows. "The earthquake," a descriptive'piece. ia recited by tenor and bass, principally in thirds, but the alarm is mostly described by **"* urchestra in tapid-cbramalw passages of varying degrees of intensity, and try diminished ??iwfa and the usual tremolo* ' There are many other important and interest ing numbers to which we have not referred, such as the chorus of mockers in D minor, with ' ifj imn"?d m^tfj?j^j?ti?n ??w< Him *m?i^i?fl .^py^ of the blasphemers; the reproaches of the Saviour set aa a quartet or chorus, with a tnM'ffld awynnptnfrnmt tf the words—"O, my vineyard, come tell me why my grapes are bitter;" and the propheticchoir, '"Saviourof men," introduced by the orchestra, in which the hone take aa important part in playing the melody, while the strings nave chords in triplets, and the trumpets a short passage at the enu of each phrase. In this chorus *h? effect is heightened by the employment of trumpets reiterating the tonic and dominant. The score requires four of these trumpets placed aft the highest part of the orchestra. The allegretto for orchestra, which follows the narration of the visit of the holy women to the sepulchre, is in a style which is readily recognised as Gounod's. It is constructed on a double pedal, played with muted strings, and is of a lovely pastoral rharanhfr. Thejrraoaful soprano sob), "From thy love as a Father," with an accompaniment in arpeggio, merges into a chorus with excellent effect. The chorus, "Unfold, ye portals everlasting," is one of the finest in the work. The only attempt at fugal writing is in the concluding portion of the oratorio, bnt it stops after the exposition and merges into the great masses of sound with which tbe chorus, "The Word is flesh lM?me,"cNnaktea the work. With regard to the valueof the "Redemption' as a whole, and its claim to be ranked with the works of the great master*, opmions an doubtless greatly divided, and the actual proof wfll probably not be given during the author's lifetime. For cwselves, however whilst fnely acknowledging many excellencies in the oratorio, we feel bound to say that from tbe means at our disposal, and the opportunities fcr study which have presented themselves (of which the perfoamanoe last night was Bat by any means the least), we are forced to the con clusion that the composer has certainly not altogether failed, but has not succeeded in pro ducing a work which will stand the infallible test of time. We cannot snare the views of either those who see little or no beauty in its pages, or of those who praise it so extrava gantly in the opposite direction. This rrmch, however, is certain, the music-loving people of tiiis city ought to be thankful for the energy and perseverance of the Mnajnal Asso ciation in doing their share in encouraging a love of the ait of music which, although "toe ? youngest of the artistic sisterhood." is "the most subtle, the most intense medium of the expression of tbe beautiful." We have to thank them for their performance and for the opportunity which they have given us of bcarinir what to most of us has hitherto been aa untold tale. The society bad every reason to be pleased with the encouragement given to them by tbe pabKe at theji concert last night, for lonsr JMf?ps4 o'clock tttt sate of tickets^ the dour ?M suspended, and the Town Hall was shortly afterward* packed. There was not a vacant seat in any part. His Excellency the Governor and suite, his Honor Chief Justice Way, the Hon. J. C. Bray, his Worship the Mayor. Sir Henry Ayers, Professor lvea, and a great number of leading citizens were present. On the arrival of his Excellency the " National Anthem" was sung as a solo and chorus. With regard to the per formance it is, perhaps, unnecessary to par ticularise each number, especially in the case of tiie recitatives which are so numerous. Some of these were very well rendered, espe cially those allotted to the bass, Mr. J. J. Vergo, who acquitted himself in a verv praise worthy manner. Mr. J. T. Cook, who took the tenor narrations, has a sweet, sympathetic voice, but it lacks cultivation and power, and is certainly not equal to tbe part assigned to it last night. Mr. Kadi sang the music given to the Redeemer, and was probably a little nervous, which may account for one or two slips. On the whole, however, his fiae voice was heard with good effect Of the lady principals, Sirs. James was unquestion ably the beet, and sang well throughout. A little more repoee in her style of Einging would, however, be an advantage. Miss McDermott, who took the contralto part, possesses a fair voice, and sang her moaie cor rectly. She will improve greatly by training. The choruses do not present any great diffi culties, and although most of them were ren dered with good effect, the "Redemption" ia scarcely a test of the powers of the singers. They, however, sang for the moat part with precision, and with due attention to light and shade, and we shall be glad to hear them again in nome other work. 'Xhe orchestra was not quite complete, but the instruments present, con sidering the difficulties with which the music abounds, did their work exceedingly well, the first number ("The Creation") being par ticularly well done. Mr. O. J. Stevens, who conducted, kept his instruments and voices well together, and deserves great credit for the time and care which he must have bestowed on the members of the society. We would, however, suggest that when he does sing for the assistance of the voices or iastnunents he will do so in subdued tones. 