• . LOGAL AQUATIC NOTES. •" [By Rdddbr.1 <i,.;Tho .moving of the boaiTshed from the Campaape having been decided on at a speoial-meeting of the members of the Eohuca Kowing Olub to the site granted.to Tthe club some yeara Bince at the old punt gangway, has raised a hornet's nest about the ears of the committee of the anid club, 'The "ruling Bpirit" of the town oounoil.to wit the Town Olork, soya the club shall not have tho Bite, and 1 hear tint owinp to his determined opposition tho owners of steam, boata have been moved in the matter, and their opposition enlisted. Tlmt punfc gangway haa been a publio roadway for 30 years aaya the T. 0. and the council have expended a large.sum of money on tho roadway. I 'understand for the present the matter -will lay in abeyance—probably to enable the T. 0. to use all the influence he can against the olub getting the site. It has been suggested the olub should apply for a site lower down the river. The crews who competed for the Kobson "trophies last Wednesday are all anxious to know when the next contests ore to take place. Some being in favour of a fortnight's additional training being allowed, others wishing the race to be rushed off in about a week's time. Judging from the display made "by the whole of the orewB list Wednesday, the fortnight's training is badly needed. ' Hitherto the Kivernnd Match Committee have fixed the time, dates etc., for-these conteBtB, but it might not be a bad idea to take the •pinicn of. the strokes in these matters. The crews who competed on Wednesday in the first series of heats for the Robson trophies without exception made a miserable display, and the time was slow, the first and final events being the quickest rowed that day, -but unfortunately the laBt event was marred by a foul taking place under that point on the New South Wales, side of the course. In the event between Lenne'd and Soger's crews it was notieable that Perkina and (Sutton were the weak men in the former's . boat. Perkins diu not pull nearly so well as he did for the Shackell, White, and Oo. trophies, and was unable to put on the spurt, > when called on. Sutton, who is a young oarsmen, will persist in dipping too deep, and is not quick enough, although he put on the weight. I noticed he held up his head better than he was in the habit of doing. In Roger's crew, Seward, " gave up tho ghost" before the finish, although tho pace was not extra warm, and Sid lingers did not put enough weight on his oar. If he puts on more|weight and reaches cut further he will uBsist his crew very materially. 6\. Wilding pulled very well, but he must use the full length of those arms of his and not hug the oar-at his chest. ■ In the next lieat Wilding rowed against Kelly's crew. In the former crow, whiph have had a fair amount of practice, evidences were apparent of No2at:d bow, F&rrel; and Tulloch, not having enough' coaching. Both are inclined to bury the buat when pulliug. In Kelly's jrerf, Fanning as Ni. 3 pulled a fair oar, but there ib no need for him to drop his. head so much or uso his hips too often. Bennett did not appear to be in the best of i form, and Wilkinson in the bow was twist ing and turnirg abuut in hiB seat, and uot using his oar at times to any effect. It is stated that he was using No. 2 oar in the bow seat. ■In the bye rowed off by Noble's crew, an opportunity was afforded, as was also in the : final of Beeing both Noble and Tainsh's crews, although the light was bad. In Noble's crew Scott showed how deep he can put tho oar under tha water when racing—a fault ho | muBt remedy. Haines pulled better than ' ; usual, but ho can improve himself. Trnyes I as bow pulls a short stroke, dips far too | deep,' and does not bend his back enough. In Tainsh's orew, Millor as No. 3 must use his arms and legs more than he is in the | habit of doing, and Use his strength at the! right time. , Freemcjn appeared out of sorts, | "but rowed well". " T.^'Beilly mado an "excel lent bow, and with good coaching will make a'goodman. ! A word to the coxswains, The steering on Wednesday was very bad, and several fouls wore only averted by tho crews b-sing driven under the New South Wales or Victorian bank. My advice to them is to bo more ' careful in future, and keep their own water, < than there will be no cause for complaint. 