TMoveHst. _v DAYS OF CRIME I AND I YEARS OFSUFFERING. ? ? »«» ? ? Ax AuTonionitApnv,' I Bsprhitcd from ' Tho Australasian' of I 13G7 by special permission.) ? i ??? i OlfAPTEH XIV. : I NKWGATE. ' ? ?! ? ? ? ? ? Newgale*. How anusostivo tha vory word 1 I What adsooiationR oluetcr, round tho name. 1 B How the heroes of the fiir-faruoiV-l'V!aloudttr V I Hart into Ufa at the very Bound, ajd are' K visioned before us in all their pristine glory 1 9 How it bears tho nwuiory bao'k to the, good B uld times, and beoets a ruvcronoe for I 'The grand old law, the simple plan, I That he should take who has tho power, 9 And ho should keep who can.' l- Ghosts glide before us as wo breatho the myatio It syllables, nnd ClaudoDuval, Captain Mahoath, I Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in I tho fi-ril, ])tusout. Newgatu 1. thou groat I tcliooi lor tho improvement of tho mind upon tho mutual instruction oyatem ; thou world i of recondite mysteries ; thou teaoher of un , known tongues; with thy ohoioo preoepts and thy parfiict cxaruplca, with thy philo sophic!;! tueotiofl and thy daily practices, how , ; many a youth hant thou filled with a spurious ,|nnd misdirected emulation, and been the means of raising to tho most exulted station, 1 thy records chronicling his fame, and tho ^ munsicn itself becoming his mausoleum 1 ::,f Maru than oiuu have I trodden thy passages ' where .sloop tho dead in their unepitaphed notoriiii}', nnd 1 havo thought' of tho poet's ; wonis anil fuimd it easy to believe that thoro ; might lent .,.???' \\. 'Some l,c:itt onco pragnant with celestial v lire; . ,. , . Hands whioh the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre.' ; I have often hoard it said that, simplicity ehould be twin to greatness, and I never; was so foroibly struck with tho truth of this' cem&rk; r.a when the liveried footman of Her; Majesty's carriago handed mo out. '.at. the/ door o£ Nowgate. I had seen the outsido of onoor two of the modern— or model, if you: like— palatial seminaries for ethical tutiori, and tho meretricious manner in whioh' they, wero decked out appoared to me to ba a sort; of carved commentary upon their own weak-; no8st But here, how different I No wide portals ropl&to; with architectural omamepta. tion were opened for my recaption. A little' wooden wicket turned ou its hingca,_ and in a moment the busy strait was Uehiud me, and a turukay, a Heaoud Daniel; Lambert in oke, stood bofore me with a not. unpleasant attain upon his face. In those days, photo-, graphy was not in tho tmrvico of tho '.prison,' attd so my personal appcaraooa r.nd previous history had to bo skctobod with, pen and ink, This wus dona instnnter — flvo feot novsn and a half, Blonder, light brown hair, Rrey oyos, 'air complexion, road anil write, Protestant, born at Pinohloy, Middlosox, ago sixteen, onco in nriann hnfnrn fnr vnwranuv. lionnflnital brown mark on right sida near upper ribs^ nnd the pictuw) was complete. I was thon introducod to tho recoptioa ward, whera '?hero wore already throo inmates. 1, was by no moanB appalled 'by tbo look of tha place ? had boon familiar worco in my nonpro 'oBBional daya. There was accpuinibdatioq only (or ni'nu, if ray memory' serves; me rightly. Tho sleeping berths wero contained in a thieo storiud frtimo, and tbcro wore I'hraa rugB and a mat to each berth.1 The ward contained a firo-plaoa, but' tho, weMher hoing warm there was of course no; fire.. O.rer Mio fire plaoe w«o a bust rudely carved, whrch iny compauious asaurod mo was a traditional likeno»B of Jaok Shoppard. Above this was « large board, on whioh was u psiutpd nohoa * l. _ i ? i - . *.? ? ' _* tl.A hrtnlrM '»»k any ueiaomK or injury ui liio,kv-»» talwcd in thn ward would moot with puniStof nient. IK'iat books wero refarrodto I cannot 'ay, for I never anw any, except in enopol, during my sojourn in the piiaon.. There was a. dietary sale hanging up by tho siao of tne ward door, and u glanoe at this convincea run that tho turtle-loving oivio RUthpntwo had framed it in a sympathetic spirM. S should like to mfciutely record their onerous bill of fare, but my memory i* troaobnroufl. I know that . tne «rud vvaa nico aud swoot, that tho broad wan vood, 4ud tho nisot and potatoros Ba^isrying. Tho prw-leo iiiiantitfcs I cannot now upeoify. I only pansod ono nightin tho roooption word, and this I spent listening to tha narrations of my companions, two of whom wore in for pOBBing oounterfoit coin, and tho otbor for picking pooltots. I must admit, however, that thwr languagofor the most part was in. comprehensible to mo. Tho piokpooket de soribod how ho f annod d bloak's kiok, and thon todohed him of a dummy; that tho bloak tumblod and gave out tho pay ; that he mado traoks liko winken ; that tho bloak con tinued to give beefmont ; that a flat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher ; that ho had slung the dummy, that tho bloak rapt hard againBt him, and so he wan fullied to the start, and was snro to got aovon strotoh on account of his formers. The two for tho bad monoy talkod about being out of date, 8tna8hng half bulls and counters, ringing the changes, ifca. -.1 tola them I didn't know tho meaning of all their terras, and so, laughing at ray greenness, they explained everything to me. I in my turn nstonishod them with same of my own doings, and thoy soon do. clarod I was no flat nftor all. In this man nor passed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after tho medical ofllcor had examined mo, I was plaood in ono of the ordinary day-wards o( tho prison. Tho ward , with the exception of being. larger, was in all raopeots the sainoas tho reception-ward. Thoro was tho flro placo, and tho painted bonrd with tho book notioq, tho rack uleoping berths, the mats and tho ruga. There were also two ta bles pnd four forms, whioh I remember ex ceedingly woll, as tho forma worn iiaml fnr draught-boards, and tho tabloo for playing at Bhovo-haH-penny, buttons being used instead of halfpence There wero not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en torod, eight of those wero employed at n well known prison game called ' coddem.' As I waswell-drossed and differed a good deal in appearance from tho general inmates of the place, attention was immediately dirooted to wards me. J can bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for before I had been in the ward an hour my silk handkerchief, whioh I afterwards ascertained wss_ a ' beloher,' had ohanged ownership, having bepn adroitly filched from my pocket by some light-fingered artist in tho 'dipping' line of the profonnion. I made a virtue, of nacasgity, and bore tha loss good-humoredly, and as I could tell a good story, I soon became quite a favoorifco with my companions. My prison acquaintanceswero by no moans limited to tboeo confined in tho same ward with me, for when we woro out in tho airing-yard, which we wero half tho day, tbo inmates of throo or four yards wero together. I don't pretond that my virtuo wasmnoh alarmed nt tho scenes X ;dany moved among ; but I cortainly was as tonished that proceedings suoh as I witnesssd hour after hour should ba allowed in a pri son. Publicly in tho airing-yards lessons inorime wera zealously taught on tho mutual instruction principle. Tho burglar sketched upon tho prison pavement tho instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tonguo, explained their various uses. The shop- lifter explained the various methods by whioh hia branoh of tho profession might bo profitably pursued. Tho piokpockot was more apt in deod than in word, and gavo practical instructions in ' buzzing.' In short I havo no hesitation in saying that tho zoal of tho professors in this college was so untiring, tho methods of in struction so varied and so apt, the knowledge imparted so extended, that any person vi th ordinary intellect would, after a term -r twoi be qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to me. !)no was a young man not much over twenty, jobd-looking, tolerably woll droased, but iltogothor without education, understanding ;he word merely in its scholastio sense. He was 'one of tho' most expert piokpooketa in London, and was known as ''Sullivan the Wire.!'! Tho other was a middlo:aged man; liad. , been', three times transported, and boasted' of it; know every, cant, term of the prjsou, and could do something in all tho brancnes of prigism ; was a shrewd man of tho world with a fair amount of intelligence ; waa a olever sophist in attempting to justify orime ; carried on business in London ao a 'fonoe'; waa awaiting trial for receiving Btolen property, but, for want of sufficient evidence, was sure to be acquitted. Theso two oompaniona wero apt teaohcrs, tho one giving practical leBsons, and the other en foroing with a dangerous plausibility his favorite theories. Many an 'hour. Sullivan busied himself with an earnestnoBK worthy of a better causa in instructing mo how to pick pockets. Ho was ah adept at the busi ness himself, and by constant practice I soon became as expsrt as ho was. I have never exercised my skill for my own profit, in tho world except on ono occasion, when, having had my pocket' book taken from mo on the Melbourne racecourso by one 'of a porty of three, 1 followed them into a drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pockets into tha bargain, a regular ' diamond-cut- diamond' affair. My other Nowgato oompanion— Johnson the fenoo— was, in his teachings, of a far more dangerous obaraoter. In favor of orimo he advonoed tho same sort of argu ment that had occurred to myself. But thoro was this difference between us, however cun ningly I might entangle myBclf in my own sop hisms, I was never completely deceived by them, but always had an innate aonviotion of their falsity. With Johnson it was other wise. Hia mind waa so utterly warped that he believed as he argued, snd had no vision of the truth whioh lay boyond his own; per-; nicious doctrines. Faith, eitbor in tho false; or the truo, begets earnestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teaohor, and, da a result, made many proselytes. His a'rgu-' rnents on myself wero thrown away, for I; have never confounded vioe with virtuo, or attomptod tojuBtify to myBelf the evil I have oommitted. Johnson's knowledge. of oant^I largoly availed myself of, and if I am now an ?authority in teohnioal tanas' it is owing to bis teachings; I composed several flash Bongs ?for the great master- linguist, to be sung in tho prison yard, but I now turn from them myself with loathing, and oanuot suppose that the rea'der iwould do otherwise.. Theso com i)oBitiona were more curious, than odifyingj It was thus that I paased tha. timo in New. cite But- what, oould ba, expected? Tha autivities of tho mind will employ, themBolyesj and in. tho absence, of 'everything good thoy ? „,„.„ in nnrmnv thomaelvos with evil. With no books, no. occupation , of any kind; it is not muoh to bo wondered at that I and mv follow-prisonera discussed orime in all its ramifications, and worn ^aily fitting purBelyes for still mora guilty doads on our return ..to the. world than thoBo for whioh we woro then awaiting onr doom. . , , i Thoro was no attempt at classification ,' and aa for some reason or the other the men were frequontly. ohanged from wanlto ward.by he time the sessions commoncod I bad made the acquaintance' Of nearly ovory oonjniittod pn. '?oner in tho gftol.' I thus had the oriraina oharaoter bofore me in a variety of its phases ; arid, voung as I was, snd quite as oriminalas nny £°I analysed it with a kind o ph.lo. Bophioal interest. Among the rankest weedfl thers wore Still flowere struggling for exist enoa^inthe natures the most depraved re dooming traits wero to bo found. Moat of tka orime around me waa of prison growth, and tho fountein-heada whonoo flowed all its streams were ignorance and poverty. ????_?] 1 (To be continued,) ? ''' . j Dion Boucioauit-.'Jins'.boon telling that his slender waist and youthful air duo to al now W.BhHds has a. complexion like; a fresh apple, and lio. seldom eats nnythmg at tho «rcat, dinners ,ho .gives, and touches neithor tea;jior,coffeo,~Hcn9iblo man,! ,,. 