Father 91'GlynA aiuUhc Fnpnl Gxcommnnlcatioii. I A great public mooting was hold in Now York oa Sunday, July 10, nt which Father M'Glynn defied the Papal oxcommunication, ?and said: — 'I loarnod undor tho vory shadow ot tho Vatican that tho man who «ins against his conscience sins against tho Holy Ghost, and if any powor on cavth ovoti tlimip-h it bo him who Hitfl enthroned m tho 'Vatican, command a maii'to do or say aught r«agamst lus conscience, to obey even thnt 'Bow^r woro to sin against tho Holy (jhnst. i if it wore intlwir powor as it was onco— - :thac4c God it io no longer — thoy would 'imprison the truth in dungeons and martvr it at tho stako-in tho persons of '{hoso who '?through no&ault; of thoir own 'road God's vtrirUis in the facts of society, in 'tho strata of ?the enrth, and upon 'tho skies. -It is n notorious'fact 'that religion is vanishing m ?«very part of tho world. Mou aro being ???silronatoU lrom tho unurcn, particularly 'from tho Catholic Church. Nowhere istbo j 'Church nioro hated than in tho Ro-callod '?Cathrflio countries. 'Thooftort to obtain a IPnpnl ropreaontativoat Washington is qiuto 'in looping with tho same policy that has | loiViho Pope to send two Italian prelatos to ! .IrMand. An Enghsh noodlo of a -'Catholic Hord, tho Earl of Denbigh — and. you muy ?always mistrust English Catholics, ospeci- j s.ally an*English Catholic 'Earl, 'to Outdo any ; ^Protestant in lire hatred of Catholic Ireland — r*3'S that tho.Popo told him not morolv of \- Ins .'groat osteom aud affection for England, j winch *s woll enough, but of lus groat ?dwMre to' ho of *iso to England. Of course I ?lio could bo of preat use to 'Englandif poor 1 .?Paddy would bo submissive aud oboy tho ] 'Popn's bidding in political mattors. AVhv, ?tin nih&nco; between tlie Popo and tho.Eng-, ?liali capitalists would bo worth millions to ? tho tetter. It would bo monoy m thoir, '^poeliots if ^thoy woro to buy tho Italian ?jmSates of ftho Pope, oven at £100,000 a. fluwd.. Tho'best way to-got anything from. Roman ; maehino is 'to show your teeth Vftthcr than bo too humble. Prince Bis-, vuarci? and1, tho Citar understand this. Tho 3?opo-is delighted nt a littlo concession -from rthem. Tho Popo has actually fallen in lovo nvith Princo 23ismavck. Princo Bismarck is vflirtmg a little with tho Pope. Thoyhnvo: ,gofc Nis far as exchanging pictures. Men who havo fought for Catholicism havo boon flapped jn tho taco by tho Popo to plonso-. :lY*:ieo*Btsmarck. 'So long as tho Catholics ?lot tho Roman machine, ot* which tho Papo &rfuo; -more -^puppet, do this, that niachino ? -will uso Pa-£dy in Ireland and tho German 3?.tddy and ?American Paddy as pawns on 'tho political -chess-board, to bo sold out-ut ?«uiy time for what it- can get in return.' 