TO THE EDITOR. Sir-1 should not again trouble you on the above subject but for seeing a grossly exaggerated report in your issue of the 2nd inBtant from Mr. W. A. JODBS respecting it. His statement that after putting the ohild'a foot in the box and moving the kneecap he produced louder raps than those previously heard in the room, is untrue, as I was close enough at the time, but conld not hear them without putting my ear close to the box, although hearing the other caps quite dis tinctly previously. Respecting the raps not coming on the night the servant girl slept with Kiesy. He is well aware that it was after the fit and not before it the servant slept with her, and that the knocks or laps were distinctly heard on that night, according to the statement of persons wno were present. On the night of May SI 1 had the first oppor tunity of seeing the child in any of those fits. On that occasion she slept in a wide bed pre pared on the floor, Mr. Jones and several other persons being present when I arrived. I sat on a small box about 18 inches from the head of the bed, and about the same distance from the wall (a stone one), the raps seem ingly being between where I sat and the wall, where the child had no possibility of produc ing them. On that night Mr. Jones placed phosphorus on the child's hands, whiob were outside the bedolothes, so that all her move ments conld be traced even in the dark ness in consequence. On one occasion this night, whilst the child was in this fit, she reached the right hand towards where I was sitting, which I caught and held for about five minutes, and am positive she could not reach the outside of the bed at the other side, nor did she pro duce the raps, as they continued as pre viously to sound between where I sat and the wall. I.may also state that I held a box of lncifers in readiness, and daring the time the rapping lasted I struck several, but could see nothing to cause me to think the child Freduced them. It was on this occasion that put my hand twice towards her hair, when having a lucifer alight, that she jumped away from my hand. With regard to sprinkling lampblack on the floor, Mr. Jones says he is prepared to swear to the ghost blackening the child's knuckles, I am glad to bear it. Nobody .would suspect Mr. Jones to be guilt; of doing it. I am prepared to find four witnesses to ewear that the child had no fit that night, but slept calmly without an; disturbance, although the "ghost" was about according; to his statement. I really thought that after Mr. Jones's long incubation he would be able ' to produce something better than the miser able abortion he has sent you for publication. "Mr. Jones cannot bare already forgotten events in connection with Mr. Kirkham Evans's visit. If so, I will refresh his memory a little about that memorable occasion. After Mr. Evans's departure on June 2. Mr. Jones remained in my company at the Black Rock platform until after 1 o'clock trying to persuade me from writing any reply to his or Mr. Evans's report, stating as hiB reason for so doing that it might injure him in his public capacity as a Govern ment teacher. If Mr. Jones stated the truth he need fear no contradiction. "He also stated to several persons h&re; that he wrote to Mr. EL Evans to suppress his name from appearing to the joint report they had agreed upon, but that his letter arrived too late to prevent it. He even read a letter for Mr. Rodeghiers from Mr. K. Evans con firming this statement. What do we after wards find him doing ? Trying to bolster up those statements by a long rambling rigma role, wherein he makes several insinuations, but proves nothing. It seems very singular that Mr. Jones should tell nobody of his dis coveries, although often asked for his opinion on the matter. The only one I heard from Mr. Jones was that the child was suffering from catalepsy. £t also seems strange were this tbe ease that he should go to the trouble ? of preparing a tablet for spirit writing, and further, that he should take the trouble of writing out questions he intended asking the spirit. Can he explain how it was, if the child was awake and causing the raps her self, that he placed her in a certain position, . on her Bide, with his right hand under her left arm over the region of the heart, holding the palm of her right hand in his left, the thumb resting in the cavity or hollow, and -causing Mr. K. Evans to make figures on the floor-where the child even if awake oould not see them, and trying to find if the figures by the contractions of the child's fingers \- would be properly announced. As there are ? portions of his letter I know nothing about, I leave the matter to those who do to answer, i if they think proper to do so, 1 am. oir, &c.;, A, HEALY. .. Blacktock, July 12, 1887. 