In Search of a Wife. CHAPTER XVIL SHIOWIiG iroW TrwO LOVE-LETTERS WERE W?ITTEN, AN.) IIOW '5lOTS0' WAITED Ix TIIE PASSAGIE. WIIs theN niarquis furiously aemanded what she had done, Lady'La'tia ro mained silent for some minutes. Her father thought that this was caused by her obstinacy, and his anger momentarily increased. To gain time, she inquired of him how he had discovered that Basil Craven was really Lord Albany in disguise. 'I told you a long while ago to be careful,' said the Marquis. 'I told you that you should mistrust him that there was something underhand about his conduct, did I not ?' , : 'Yes.' ' From the very. first I doubted his truth. There seemed to be such an inconsistency in some of his state ments; but you could not see it.' ' '"Why did ydu not explain ?' 'How could I explain what I did not understand my'self ? I gav6 ydu a hint, and that should have been sufficient.' 'But it was not.' 'No; from the very first you eemed t·o have made up your mind to make a fool. of yourself. The very first night he came intothe house, before he had been in it much more than two hours,-, you were saying heaven only knows what absurdities. You would 'have spoilt youir. chance with him then, I Sbelieve, if I had not .interfered just in time.' ' But w-here did you get all your information ? Perhaps, after all, it is not to be relied upon. The M'rquis launghed softly. to him self. 'I had it uipon :.the very best authority.' 'From this Mr. Standmi?sh; plerhaps, who introduced him to you: ?' ' Io, indeed.' ' What sort of a friend can he beto play such a trick upoir' you ?'. The Miarquis's brow darkened. 'I have an account to settle with him,' he said; '.but I must bide my tuime. I cannot afford to quarrel with h him yet Ho knlows that well enough, .and knows that he can insult.me with impunity.' '. Are you, theno in his power ?' ' No matter whether'I am:or not. There! Yomeni do not undeistiaud these thingars I -am mixed up with him in business, 'and it is not my interest to,bineak iith him at present. ' Then you did not find it out from Shim?' : No; I-Isaw some of this Oraven's letters, in fact, and thoe3Kere bvidently Swritten to 'Lord' Albany -himself. 'I learnt it mostly ifrom this,- and- also from the lPrince Devitzky's servant.' ' Who had .availed'himself of the. same privilege, I presume ?' said Lady L.ura,.with a slight sneer. 'Exactly.' L And it waas from the same source you learnt that Ihad comiio to London ?' ' os; luckily, he met you, and had the forethought to telegraph to a friend of his who lives close to the terminus in London to go and see the ' train come in, meet you, and find out where you had gone to.' ' And you started diieotly you heard.' SYes, to lose no time; a;id'we ,must •'lose none now, oi ,'ve shall let :the Syoung ilord slp through our fngers. . Como,.what have 3you said aind done ? Tell me, that I may mnow how: we are Sto act at oico:' \- Lady Laura was silerit. t Come, ropeated the Marquis; for SHeaven's sake do not let us waste any more time; we hawe little enough to spare as it is.' ' Father, I don't think:theie is any .hope of bruina gin iim back'. ,..'Why not ?' :' Not after 'hat I said.' ' But whait on earth have you.'said ?' :.;"' You know that I trold him that I l::oved him, believing him.:to be Basil ICO raven. : ::: ' Well, that.is the dwoi, is it:' not ?' ' No, no ,, 'Listen here, Laura ?'" criedi. the Marquis, springing from hlis chair in a towering passion, anid' fuiiously shaking his fist in his daughter's faco -she shrinking from him, white and trembling wi\th terror. ' Listen heieo, Laurai! Don't 'try to play the fool with meo. Speak at once, and tell me what you have done, andhow big an idiot you have been, oi' by-"---' He finished the sentoncoe with an expressive gosture, and with a 'face :'pale with concentrated passion re :.sumed his seat. ::.But he saw that ho had made a .?grat mistalko. : ? ': There are some women from whom :you might wheedle their ..hearts, or coax away their ]heads, but 'ho cannot ho0 be bullied ohit of aunjthing;. for: yeou "would have to kill then .befoi'o they S.gave it, and even then they would give up the ghost before they gave up what you wanted of them. Such a-nature was Lady Laura's.. The Mnarquis could see, by her flashing eyes and set'teeth, thdt although she was trembling from head to foot, she would have courage enough to resist. He made up his mind to alter his tactics.. '.There!' he saia, trying -o affect a good-iatured laugh; ' fori: goodness sake don't be so provoking: :D.on'be afraid, but tell me all about'it.' I 'I:': am not afraid, father,' Lady Lanuia replied, proudly. *. Well, toll me, thon. What did 3you say to him?' .' I told him that I loved him; but that I wasoblioged to marry Lord Albany. , . .'. ... .. ." Why ? :':For his money P. The Marquis was agaiii stirting to his -feet" with an angry oath, but he recollected himself. Then, mnastering his rage with.a mighty effort, he. asked, ' What did Albany say ?' I';IHe said nothing,' answered Lady Laura. ' Said nothing ?' repeated the Marquis. ' No. At the moment that he was going to reply, you came out upon the balcony,, and the conversation was broken off.' ',Curses light upon my ill luck! However, we are pretty sure of one thing.' ' Which is ' 'That he must have been displeased by what you said.' SYes; or he would not have gone away so abruptly.' 'It was a piece of great insolence and ill-breeding for him to do so, but I will make him' answer for it some day.: In the meantime you shall write a letter full of love, and tenderness, and that sort of thing; and lay all the •blame.upon'me. ' What do you mean ?' she asked. 'I mean that you must tell him that I forced you into this marriageo with Lord Albany. That the idea was always hateful to you-that you were afraid to disobey me; but that you felt that you would rather risk my anger than lose his lov e-that you have passed a. sleepless nig?t, "and came after him, daring to brave all for his sake.' Lady Lauransaid nothing, but silently listened to.her father's words. : . ' Will you dictate ?' she said. ' Yes.' But just is she was goingto begin, an idea occurred to her 'Who is this to -be addressed to ?' she asked. 'To Basil Craven, of course. He must not think that we know that ,Lbrd .lbany is at the hotel.' 'And if he should not take sany notice of the letter?' -.' How do you. mean ? ' If he shoutld trcat it with silent 'contempt ?' ' It would not be possible for himnto act so.' . S::.I am not so sure of.thlat.' ' Why, he must?:makd sonime reply. Nobody. would leave a lady's letter in answered in such a case.'.. ' You think so ?' said Laura.. Then.she dipped the pen again in the ink, and waited for her father to dictate."' ' Are you read ?' ': ' Yes.' I need not repeat the iwords of the letter.: The reader alheady knows what ~i-hs to be the plrpoirt of the epistle. 'Here;,. said the Marquis, when 'boots.' answered the obell; i.do you iknow Morley's Hotel ?. ' : es, :I kno:it', said 'boots,' with emphasis. ' Iw.ant you to takle a letter there. Can you deliver a message properly ?' 'I used to be oable.: '.'m glad to hear it, said the Marquis. 'Now, take this,' and do what I tell you, and youshall be well paid for your'trouble.' ' Well,' thought ' boots,'' it's never too late to mend, that's one comfort. I only hope it will- be worth having when it does come.' ' You must take this note to Morley's Hotel, and inquire for Mr. Basil Craven.' 'He isn't there, sir; I have been already.' ' You must go again, and if he is not there,. and nobody is there to take chargre of his letters, ask for Lord Albany, and ask .hiu. whether Mir. Basil. Craven is a frienid of his, .and he will take charge of it.' - ..' Suppose his lordship is not in'?' .' Then you must wait--that is, if he. "is expected soon; -.If nbt, you must come back here directly, and 'tell me :theo result. .If you see him, you must wait for an answer.' Y?es, sir.' 'Be sureo of that; you must- waim t for an answer.'. . I'll'remembor, sir.' SA And take iarti6ulai caio of what I am goinmg to 'say.' . tYes, 'sii' S:If Lord'Aihany. shoul ask how oit, was.you camnie to inmiiroe'for him, when the letter wva: directed to. Mr;'. Basil Craven, you ..mut. tell him. that. you were told positively 'that Mr. r.aven' was in the hotel, and thit.'you weroeto be sure'and deliver the letter to hiim,l, and so 'you' .had determined .to' ask everybody all round. :"Yoi~ under-" stand.' ' . ' . '.Perifectly.' And ' boots,' winking his eye, and trying to 'look uncommonly-though, 'to tell the truth, he had but the very foggiest iiotion, of what he was to do, and what he. wasn't-put the letter into his pocket, made his bow, and retired. . He carried the letter to Morley's Hotel, and asked whether Lord Albany was there. But he was .not. ' Half an hour ago he had left the house, taking his luggage with hlim. Did they know where lihe had gone to.? Yes; to some rooms which he had taken in Piccadilly. Twenty minutes afterwards 'boots' arri;ed at the: h6use, the address of which.they hid given to him. SLuckily hid lordship was in, and boots wahs admitted to his presence. BasiliCravon, or, more properly spdaking, Lord Albany, rosoe from his seat, and, brealking the seal of the letter, walked to the window to read it, turning his back upon the meos senger. He was a long while reading it, or, perhaps, he read, it twice over, for 'boots ' began to get impatient, and ventured upon a remonstrative cough or two in his hat. At last Albany ttirned round, and said in a voice ini' which" there were e·vident signs of 'emotion, 'I, shdall be some time. You had better come back in an hour or so. Or, stdyi go into the hall, and wait until I call you.' ' *WeUll,' said 'boots,' as he sat him self upon a bench inthe lobby without, and sighed deeply, i if this isn't a twister; I should very much like to know what is i' •And there he sat, and waited and waited in a strong draught, wondering when there would be an end to his ,iisery, and overy momdnt feeling ;noro than half inclined to give the affaii- up as a bad job, and make a bolt of it. 'If I haven't earned five shillings this blessed day,' said he to himself, with a groan, ' I should uncommonly like to know who has!' The time did not go so slowly with Lord Albany. 'This woman lovesme, I am certain,' he said. ' Can I believe what she says ?' Again he read the letter. 'Yes,' he said. 'Her words bear the impreds of truth. It would be basely unjust in me not to believe her. What shall I do ?' But this was exactly where lay the difficulty. What was he to do? What did he want to do ? Ho reviewed his past conduct. ' I came over here to judge of her by myself, instead of meeting in the formal way which I had originally in -tended, as betrothed lovers. I was determined that I would not fulfil the engagement which my father had so rashly made for me,. until I had ascer tained, by my own observation, that such a course was likely to lead to our mntual happinesis.' . He was quite clear about what he Shad done so far, and what he had in tended to do,'. and now he began to consider how he haid carried out these intentions. 'My 'ylawyer introduced me to this Mr. Standish, whonm he said at the tiniehe knew very little about, further than that he seemed an obliging little man, passionately fond of a lord's society, and that ho was willing to assist me. He also advised me not to go deeply into any schemes of a speculative character, which Standish might suggest-at least, not without first consulting him.' 'To 6e continuod.j 