SIGHT TR0UGHT8. TO. F. Ukdebbuz. vs TivuA In these days of dull reality, when we live almost too rapidly to have much time for thought, and when nothing but what is eminently practical com mends itself to oar notice, it is bat seldom that we feel that sense of spiritualism which in olden days was de veloped into magic and witchcraft, and which now we call by the more imposing name of psychology. Tet occasionally, in the stillness and obscurity of night, there creeps upon us a sense of awe and admiration at the indefinable graodenr of the works of nature. We forget for the moment all those theories of spectral illusions, acoustic illusions, and the in fluence of gases and fluids, and inwardly ask ourselves the main question, whether the spirit is capable of an existence separate from that of the body, and, if so, whether it can appear to living men. EUPEESATUEAL tS OKBCTEfTIPIC TER1C. Of all the phenomena which spring from the existence of a Bpirit dwelling in the body, of which existence there can be no doubt as to tlie truth, little if any thing is known. People commonly call these phenomena supernatural, and are unwilling to investigate them any further, forgetting that in reality the supernatural is impossible, since tile laws of nature are inviolable. We call anything supernatural, which from our scanty knowledge of the laws of nature we are unable to comprehend. Now, whatever may be our opinions in regard to the future eternity of individual exis tence, yet it is generally allowed that the spirit retains its individuality for a certain time, varying in different cases, after the decay of the body. If it exists therefore, why should it not appear? We know that people have constantly either seen or fancied that they have seen, the spirits of the departed; it is im possible in many instances to apply the theory of spectral illusions, so that we have to fall back on the belief that the spirit is actually pre sent — at all events, in most of those instances where the seer has never known or ever heard of the body which the spirit originally inhabited. It is often said, and truly so, that stories in relation to apparitions are apt to become exaggerated in the recital ; but there is a story which I heard from the principal actor in it, and which cannot be regarded as the result of a spectral illusion, so in comprehensible, that I am tempted to briefly narrate it, only promising before hand that it shall Buffer no exaggeration at my hands. It is a common saying that a ghost is aristocratic, and, like most common sayings, there appears to be some element of truth in it. At all events, many of our noblest fainiHoc boast of the possession of a familiar spirit, which is supposed to appear on certain occasions, and for certain ends. A POETEST. An acquaintance of mine, Mr. P ? , who has earned for himself a world-wide reputation as a scholar, and who is a man devoid of the slightest suspicion of fanciful imagination, was in his younger days private tutor to the heir of one of the oldest houses in the peerage. He and his pupil were -in the constant habit of going out for country rides together. One day they were riding down a lane, on one side of which was a large field of some fifty acres in extent ; there was no barn, or hayrick, not even a tree, or any object in the field which could serve as a biding- place to any person, but every part of it was everywhere visible. In the middle of it they saw what appeared to be an old peasant woman, who was crying as if she were in great grief. tpinrjnoo; prompted them to ride into the field to see if they could relieve her distress in any way; but when they had reached the spot where they had seen her, to their surprise sbe had utterly vanished. It was broad day light, apd, as I hive said, there was no place whets she could possibly be hiding, yet she had by some unaccountable means disappeared. Naturally., they were puzzled, but supposed she must be somewhere about, and did not wish to be disturbed in her sorrow ; no idea of the mysterious occurred to either of them, nor did they for a moment dream of anything in the shape of a spiritual visitation. So they rode away. That same evening the pupQ had a headache, and did not .come down, to dinwr. My friend Mr. P ? , in the ordinary course of conversation narrated the incident which had happened to them during fchfdr ride, whan, to his amazement, the countess, the mother of his pupil, im mediately screamed and fainted away. Daring the scene of consternation which naturally ensued, one of the gentlemen turned round to my friend, and ex claimed, 'Good gracious, P ? , do you know what you've said T Astounded at the question, Mr. F ? replied, 'No; what do yon meant' ' Why, that old woman whom yon saw is always supposed to appear to the heir of the family before death.1' Mr. P ? said nothing, but thought the whole affair was an idle legend, invented by the vulgar superstition of the Middle Ages, and to which no credence should be given. The young heir had never heard of the legend, and after this ?'rwidmt the greatest care was taken that it should not reach his ears; nor, so my friend told me, did it ever come to his knowledge. Yet within a few months he died. Sow Mr. P ? had never heard of this family ghost or hnnshec, nor was there any conceivable reason for his »m.g?ning what he saw. This ease therefore, cannot be treated as an ordinary l|nI1n-»faaianii ? but must, I think, be treated as the mysterious result of some magnetic power. My own idea is, that the organisms of my friend and his pupil were both sus ceptible to some form of magnetic influence, excited by an individual spirit, or being without a corporeal existence. ' HVBTEBIOUB VESTAL FHENOKENA. De Quincey hashad the moral courage to tell the world of the moral effects that opium had on his mind, while everybody knows the green devils caused by the abuse of alcohol Not that I have the slightest intention of insulting my readers by implying that they have any personal acpuaintance with these alco holic apparitions ; I only mean to say that they probably have beard of them. Any medical man of experience will bear witness of the spectral illusions to which some of his patients have been liable, and also how often they lave been caused by inebriating stimulants, which prevent the ordinary action of the brain, and engender the most startling fan tasies, and highest flights of imagination. It was tins fact that made Dr. Johnson say that if a man would write well he must drink wine, if he would write as a genius he must drink brandy. I pre sume the doctor meant that brandy gave to the author the faculty of a vivid imagination, and carried him from the land of dry fact into the land of dreams. There is a vast difference between those mysterious phenomena for which we can discover no known cause, and for which, therefore, we have to find a purely theoretical explanation, and the pheno mena caused by the ordinary laws of nature. Too much importance cannot be given to this difference, more espe cially ranee -within the last iev years spiritualism has become so confused with natural magic, that men are sceptical as to the possible existence of disem bodied spirits. The exhibitors of phenomena beyond the comprehension of the spectators assert that they re ceive aid from invisible sources ; but, as their seances constitute their means of livelihood, they wisely refrain from pub lishing the -details in regard to these in visible sources. The mere fact of a man saying that he holds communion with a spirit, does not improve by one iota the position of psychological science, but on the contrary is apt to bring it into ridicule as being a high-sounding name, by which imposture may be screened. Insane credulity, on the one hand, and arrogant incredulity on the other, cause our minds to become lost in a whirlwind of doubt The various stories, which we either regard with the horror of the vulgar or the disdain of the sceptic, should be examined accurately, so that we might ascertain their exact relation to toe state of tbe respective physical organs. It is the mystery involved in a spiritual visitation which is (be cause of terror, not tbe actual spirit itseli H it were not for this mystery, we would con verse with a ghost as calmly as with an ordinary fellow-creature, and apprehen sions of the visionary could be readily quieted. In short* those sights which we now regard as marvellous and incom prehensible, would cease to excite our teiiui when they assumed the character of scientific phenomena. Mr. W.S. Came, M.P., who is at presort staving in Canada, writes with regard to Manitoba that then is no opening at mil store for commercial men from toe Old Country, as tbe ground is taken up, not only- in IViDnipeg, bat tfaoroaghout tbe whole of Manitoba, by men of ripe experience from tbe etoree of Montreal and Toronto, Tbe ordinary clerk or book-keeper is a drug in tbe market, and on only get labourer*' wages. There u fair employment for good steady artisans, and plenty of good work for female* such as hotel and domestic servants, and par ticularly seamstresses. There is, however, a real demand for agricultural labourers. The emigrant who u reaHy.wanted for Manitoba is the clever agricultural labourer who is a single man. fiecangetempliynientatonce, end can easily eave £30 or £36 a year. In three years, having £100 of capital, be can take up nil 160 acres of good land, and be- ; come a yeoman farmer, lFthe British Govern ment, he adds, instead of embarking on the dangerous policy of Irish land purchase, would spend twenty miHimm in settling gradually in Manitoba, 200,000 familiesoFlriah tenant fisnnera from the congested '^1il'1ff. there would be no difficulty in getting back the money from the prosperous yeomen they would thns create, and, qy easing the undue competition for farms in Ireland, bring the landlords to fair rente by the simple laws of supply and demand. A great deal of confusion exists, writes our Argm London correspondent, relative to the actual state of affairs in nsgard to tile .pro posed Australian auxiliary fleet. It was understood at the Imperial Conference *hat, in consideration of an annual payment of about £122,000 a year from the Australasian colonies, tne Admiralty wonia buna three Arohexs and two 20-knot cruisers, with two seagoing torpedo boats, to be permanently ttitinnfri in Australasian waters as an anuliafy so *£he Imperial sQuadron already tnere. Three of the fart cruisers and one torpedo boat wen to be always kept in com musiofif and the ullier vessels xn Teserve. . It was the desire of the Victorian delegates that pending thf *** h ht* j i irHirH of the joew fl-rt tbe [rntM*ff*iT Goreounent should ?Tffiwfr out sit ^.jftifiMi naval force of equal strength, though, perhaps, different in diameter, bat Admiral Sir Arthur Hood decbred that that could not be don£. It now appears, however, if the *frfvtT*f*-nntE which arc xmbltcSy wdfi have any trath in them, that the Admiralty arc i if LUiiing to despatch to * 'rt^^tn Out Amphkm. ? fast cruiser carrying armour' piercing guns, the Archer, Bosk, .and Cos sack, all fait sea-going torpedo catchers, and the liz&rd; gunboat, and that these vessels will constatate vie snxQiazy fleet referred to. It is stated, bnt this appears to be an obvious error, that in aririUanp two fast cruisers and four smaller vessela will be kept in reserve in Australian porta. 