THE GOLDEN HOPE : A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. 11 1 dreamt a dream that was not all a dream.' By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Qneen,' 'The Wreck-oi the GfOBvenor,' 'A Sailor's Sweetheart,' &o.; IPublished by special arrangement with -the author. . All rights reserved.] Chapter XLIV. — Oveeboakd. — (Con- tinued). 'Hard down 1 Hard down1.' roared Stone, pulling off his coat and flinging down his cap and kicking off; ids boots with might and main as he bawled out the order; and the next' thing' Mr. Fortescue saw was the' figure of- thevold fellow poised an instant upon 'the quarter, whilst he put his hands together like a man Baying his prayers, to take the 1 ? J ? O_l ? I. « TT- ? _I-I.«J -«,.! ~ neauer. opjaau ; jcuj vauuuieu, auu a ? whirl of bubbles came up where'Ms Keels had been. In a f ewseconds he reappeared, blowing and fuming; with crimson counte nance, his. grey hair silvery upon- the surface, -striking out . wrt&. grotesque and : awkward gestures, but with steadiness and power, for the baby that' lay face down, buoyed by its clothes. Hiram came rushing on deck as though, chased by fire. He had heard the shriek, and as he bounded through the coin panion he yelled out, ' What is it ? What is it?' Fortescne bringing the half- fainting girl away from the bulwarks, cried — 'The baby has fallen overboard, and Mr. Stone has jumped after him. They are just there !' and ? he pointed de liriously. ' Over with the boat, men !' cried Hiram, cooling quickly as his judgment and instincts as a seaman rose in him, toughening out his mind. 'Out with that gangway, two of you ! For God's sake don't stand to cast them lashings adrift 2 Put your knives through 'em ! Put your knives through 'em !' The crew to Agatha's shriek had come together with a rush, bundling wildly out of the forecastle, those of them who . were below, and gathering about the boat with amazing swiftness, they up j rooted her, keel up as she lay in the i bigger boat, ran her. -to the gangway, and ? in a trice had her overboard, launching i her -eniack- fashion. Two -men rolled into ! her, oars were flung to them, and away ; they went to the speck, already a quarter | of a mile distant — so subtly swift was the | schooner sliding— that denoted old Stone [nearing the baby, who lay motionless, | always face downwards, now within a few | strokes of his arm. i In a few minutes the two seamen, one of them standing up and rowing with his face forwards, were alongside'; they dragged the old man in, streaming ; and the little creature like a soaked rag lay ) motionless against his wet breast as the j boat danced back to the schooner. A 1 half dozen hands received the child, and 'jthe mate followed. Agatha rushed for ward. ' Give him to me,' she cried in a voice , raised almo&t; to a scream ; 'my precious ; one ! My little lamb!' and she pressed the dripping mite to her neck, leaning 'her chin upon its cheek and swaying to and fro with a motion of soothing that was full of anguish. 'Mr. Fortescue; quick, sir!' cried; Stone, wringing the wet off his arms, ' get the baby stripped and rolled in a blanket at once. No lime must be lost. He's been floating on his face ever since^ he fell. Do ye know what to do. to revive'persons , as seem drownded?' lie said, speaking with vehement rapidity. ? Fortescue helplessly shook his head. : 'Then down with us, sir!' roared -Stone, and he made with rapid strides for ,the companion, whilst the clergyman, ; catching hold of Agatha, who seemed half : stupefied by the new fright that had come i to her with the corpse-like stillness of the little body in her arms, hastened into the - cabin after the old sailor. Amongst them they rapidly unclothed jthe infant and spread a blanket, and 1 Stone, baring his arms and drying them, fell to turning the little thing about, working for artificial respiration, rubbing it and the like with evident knowledge of what was necessary, and using a hand that the bairn's mother would have- kissed for the gentleness of its touch. It was a solemn sight, a most moving picture. Life less the baby lay, with ivory eyelids half raised, and glazing eyes looking as it might seem out of deepest sleep through the fringe of lashes. It was the creature's littleness that made its figure a sight to bring tears from a heart of stone. The bright hair was streaked and matted upon its head, but the lips wore yet their coral tint, and were parted, showing the few pearls ; if aughtof theduakinessof strangu lation had entered the marble-like clear ness of those baby features the hue had | passed away, and the face looked as it had \- ever seemed when the child slept sweetly ! and the tranquil delight of pure slumber : was in its expression. And then there * was the broad, round-backed figure of old Stone, with eyes slowly moistening as the , romutespasBed and thechild gave no sign ; '? there was this sturdy figure with a pool of water at his feet, bending over the babe, ; his rugged features gathering an extra ordinary accentuation of comely rough ,' ness from the refinement and beauty and delicacy of the tiny features he would often bend his mouth close to. There also was Mr. Fortescue, with a firm hold of Agatha's hand, standing erect, with no other motion of his body than such as was communicated by the light swaying of the schooner, gazing with eyes full of earnest pity, in which the light of hope and the shadow of fear alternated, at the figure Stone was seeking to give life to ; : and there was Agatha, tragical inner un conscious attitude of breathless eagerness : and misery suppressed but gnawing deep, the fingers of her free hand working con vulsively, her breathing swift as a young child's., staring with startling intentness at the baby's face. For a long while this went on, during : which not a word was said ; then Stone, letting fall his hand, looked slowly round to Fortescue, manifestly afraid of Agatha's gaze, and exclaimed in a voice but a little above a whisper, and with a long sigh breaking his sentence, 'I'm afraid, sir, the little 'un's drownded.' ; 'Through me 1' said Agatha, wresting her hand away from the clergyman's, and speaking in a tone that thrilled the hearts of both men, because of it's unexpected soberness of note. ' It is God's will that I should remain alone. Oh ! forgive me ! Forgive me 1 My poor heart! My lost one ! My angel !' and as she said this she threw herself upon the little body, but ?with shining tearless eyes, and after a wild wrestle for breath fainted. ' It's as well it should happen so,' said Hiram, who had come down softly and was looking on from the bottom of the steps, ' 'tis but a . swoon, Mfc. Fortescue. Bill, 111 help, to lay her down. You're all wet, mate, don't 'ee touch her. It's been a hard spin Jot you, but it was- well done, aye, it w»ft'well done, matey; ' Oh, it's a cruel accident, sartainly;' and with . ever.y- s,*-3nptom of being* deeply moved Btiiarii.ielpedForteseue.to lay tha poor girl down upon a locker, and whilst the; clergyman damped her cold forehead', and looBened her collar the skipper: turned to the body of the little baby. 'Hiram,' said Stone, 'afore. I shift let's put the poor little 'un away where ehe won't be able to see him naked and miserable as he looks when she comes to.' 'Yes,' said Fortescue eagerly. 'Clothe him as she would for the night, and place him in hiB crib and cover him up, Captain Weeks. It will seem more like his sleep ing to her then, and the new shock that must come to her will be blunteda little.' : Gently, and with a touching reverence 'of manner, Hiram raised the little body and held it a minute, looking - down into its face ; then he shook his head, and as i he did so a tear fell to the deck. | ' To have saved ye for this only !' he mattered as he bore the dead infant into 'Agatha's cabin. 'Poor innocent! . It 'wasn't worth whiles it wasn't worth i while !' ! Between them they' habited the tiny [figure as the clergyman suggested; and placed it inits -crib, layingit onitseide^o that the little face rested like an exquisite 'cameo upon the pillow. They drew the i coverlet up to its neck, and softly pushing .the crib to where the berth lay. in the ! shadow, each man bent, one- after the 'other over the -poor^' nameless kittle corpse and kissed it, and then came. out. of the cabin on tip-toe. Chaptek XLV.— The Bckiai. of the Baby. An hour later Fortescue was sitting alone, in the cabin, having left Agatha at her request. However affected he might have been. by the sudden violent death of the poor and nameless little creature that had come to them from out of the silence and mystery of the deep, Ms feeling3 now were with Agatha, whose grief was such that he could not think of it and be acutely sensible of the sudden extinction of the infant. Of course he understood her sorrow. It was not only that she accounted herself wholly responsible for the child's death by her heedless holding of' it upon the rail — though that con sideration alone might well make such a wound as would long keep conscience bleeding— the child had been her sole companion for weeks, her only occupation, alight even as of happiness to hinder the rapid rising and gathering of gloomy sorrow begotten by realisation of her mental blindness. It must indeed be said that she had come to love the boy as thongh he had been born of her. The natural sweetness of her heart would in any case have found in the innocence, the youth, and the help lessness of the little one such an: appeal to her. affection as she would have in stantly answered. But her own condition had' put a deeper character than mere womanly affectionate sympathy could into her feelings towards the childi How, then, would this blow affect her? Mr. For te&cue; thought as he eat leaning his fore head upon his hand, fresh from her presence. She had looked at the little dead face with tearless eyes, when, having recovered from her swoon, ehe was taken by the clergyman to where the body lay, and whilst she remained tearless, her lover viewed her furtively with dismay, fearing the rigidity in her features and ; that pressure of her lips which held them; ashen. But before long she broke down, wept piteously, kissed the lifeless bairn with a kind of frenzy, violently: upbraid ing herself in broken sentences, and ottering a hundred moving things full of -? passion and misery. He sought to comfort her, raising her. band to his mouth, ' smoothing her hair, filling up the pauseB often rendered iucoherent by failures of breath and long fits of Bobbing, by endeavoring to make her understand that the child's death was an accident, and not owing to her ; that, bitter and hard to bear as the blow seemed, it was the act of God, to be resignedly borne j for who was to say, he urged, that the child's mother, who had: gone before, had not entreated for the soul of her-child to be oiven to her. and' that the Creator, in mercy for the mourn ing spirit of the mother and to sparethe infant from that spiritual besoilment; which must attendexistence in the world and unfit it perhaps for heaven, had hearkene'd to. her prayer, , and dispatched the messenger of death In the sacred name of divine compassion, and in the not less: sacred name of a mother's love 2 Thus spoke the clergyman out of such': metaphysical and. yet material fancies as; wereeuretobeinspireiby his ardent; and. ! imaginative faith. But if she heard him : she did not seem to give much, heed, till ; at lastwhen her sobs had' calmed a little, I and there was a more tranquil expression. ; in her eyes, she asked him in a tremulous. : whisper to leave her j and he at once com i plied. ! How then would this death affect her ? This was the thought he now pondered.. '. If he had dreaded the encroachment of ; melancholy upon her, when the -child was living to occupy her mind and to create scores of demands every day upon her attention, how much more might be feared : the inroads of one of the most dreadful | of mental afflictions, now that she was ! alone, with the sense of solitude in her ? deepened by the death of the babe; with no ' thing. to think of but that, and the dusky ' blankness to which the ? clergyman had : directed the eyes of her mind, mistakenly, as he was now sure, bidding her, in pas i aionate hope that the effort; would be ; triumphant, to strain her Bight against the sable curtain, that she might penetrate it : if possible, and so behold the life and the light and tie colors which were behind it ! ; He recalled the thoughts which arose in1 when the child was first offered by the French vessel, and which when he found ; Agatha willing, determined him to accept i the responsibility of conveying the : infant home. It might have been but a ? superstitious stirring in him, yet it would be strange if the pious fancy ; which animated him then should be found : to have had no power of foreshadowing ; if God's hand should not be revealed in this mysterious ordering of the child's arrival, ; of Agatha's devotion, of the baby's death, and of the deeper and more crushing . senBe of lonelineBB that must) come to her , with the boy's extinction. Yet what had he to hope ? Nothing that he could de ; fine, nothing but that his Maker was looking down with pity upon thebur : thened and sorrowful girl, and upon his , own saddened, perplexed, and dispirited . heart with intent to be merciful to them both. ; Long before this Stone had put on dry ! clothes and returned on deck to his watch, ; but after Hiram had ' made eight bells' the old fellow came below, and finding Fortescue alone, said in a muffled voice ' and with a slow look round, ' How is she : a bearing of it, sir V ; ' She remains quiet in her cabin,' an swered Fortescue. 'I do not care to in trude. « . ? Let me say now, as I should have said long ago,, Mr. Stone, how deeply your brave action in jumping overboard after the poor little creature has moved me.' Theold sailor, giving a snuffle inhis nose, interrupted with a raised hand — ' Not a word on that subject I beg of you, sir. Mr. Fortescue, I think you are wise in leaving her alone with the little 'un. There's no tellin' what thoughts may visit her. I've been a turning this lamentable job over in my mind and can't help fancying there may be a meaning wropped up in it as'll come out plain to our sight by waiting a bit, I dunno, I'm sure. There's something so ree-markable in the whole of this ere woyage, that it looks to me as if nothen could happen but that it is meant to sinnify more than 'vd appear in it on any other occasion. Why should that there little baby be drownded, Mr; Fortescue ? What hurt had he done 2 I tell ye what, sir, if we're to judge of - thingsrorfy as -we sees thom; i in their. literal shapes/: witioub viewing ] of them as seeds, out of whiaii there's a 1 going to be a growth ?byran&by;,- why then . i the sooner we tarn to andxionsider that i it's the devil as made, this - here universe ] and has got. hold: of the tiller, and is a ] governing of us, the:better. Thatfs Bill ; StoneB's notion, ;and I ain't ashamed to say i it to a clergyman.' I But Sir. Forfcescue was in no humor, to. : reason. Probably he F'ghfr have agreed' with the sailor. Whilst they conversed: - his ear was: bent towards: the door of .: Agatha's berth, and his glance often wan dered that way. To him; as to old Stone, ' the notion had come that the girl's ' watch- '. ing and mourning by the side of the little ' corpse might lead to thoughts, to im- '. pulses, to emotions, which should be as memory's dawn to her — turning her ; blackened mind, though but with a little movement, only towards the light which yet, through the mental inclination, should cast the paleness of a sunrise not far off upon art atmosphere that was now an impenetrable obscurity. 'As you said yesterday,' exclaimed Forteecue, thinking aloud, ' a little thing imay do it.' ! 'Aye, sir, a little thing ; and perhaps the very last the most henergetic fancy I wtmld-be likely to imagine. Will ye keep (the body long, sir 1' : 'I must- be advised by you and Cap tain Weeks; What is the usual course,' Mr. Stone?'' I ' Why, as there ain't a shadow of adoubt I that the poor little fellow is dead, there's ino cause to keep him an hour longer than 'ye choose. It's a job which yecan'tget itoo soon done with ; besides sailors have a superstition agin sailing, with corpses. 'They like to feel they're overboard-— even |a poor little baby's like this.' j 'It might shock Miss . Fox,' said the i clergyman, 'if the funeral were hasty. Would the crew object to our. waiting till: | the morning 2' : ' Why, no, of coarse they frouldn'k I shouldn't have thought myself of naming jan earlier time; To-morrow at six bells, 'sir. That'll be eleven o'clock in the jforenoon watch, if Captain* Weeks is agreeable. He must be buried as a sailor, jsir,' said the old man, with: a mist coming jover his eyes, though he looked at the clergyman steadfastly. ' There ain't a ! question in my mind of his having been a isailor's son, and his last toss must be con ; ducted on that idea. I've got the afternoon ; below, and I'll make him a proper little hammock, with clews -to hold a sinker, jsir,' said the old fellow, snifiing as he ! spoke, ?' and when stitched up, Mr. For jtescue, and lying on a plank, with the ' ensign over him, he'll look as ? his own 'father could- have wished to see him at such a time. It'll be my -job, only I wish ye'd manage to draw Miss Fox out of the berth whilst I takes the little chap's ' measure, for the hammock musn't be too small, and it won't look ship shape if it's too large.' : At this point Hiram came below,. Stone repeated to him', the: suggestions he had made to Mr. Fortescue, and the skipper consenting, the matter was settled, Had the clergyman been asked how -the rest of that day passed he could scarce have answered if were not to tell you how he had succeeded after dinner incoaxin? Agatha away from- the dead child, by : whose side she had been seated, refusing food, sobbing with dry eyes, often kissing the cold lips as though -she would breathe life into them with her a^hs ; how in vain he had sought to soothe her by all j consoling thoughts he could pub into words, and: how, as the hours ' wore on, many dark fears distracted him | with his pained contemplation of her on : recognising -eyes, and the expression that : had hardened her countenance into, a \- melancholy that was like a statue's. It : was all sensation with' him, a chilly creep ing of despair, a flickering of hope which the looks of her would turn into mockery, though it made him shudder to his soul to think or find it so ; It was this with him, ? with miserable thoughts concerning' her only, concerning her whom beloved- with : all the strength and purity of his nature, i whom he had encountered the perils ? of thousands of miles of ocean to reseue on no other promise than a dream, but who, being rescued, knew him not; gazed at him with' eyes less-perceptive of his in dividuality than those she turned upon Archer whose hand he had lifted' to his lips, but whose form he had not yetdared press to his heart. His mind could find no room1 but -for her, and if he ever he thought of the dead, it-was with the sense that the occurrence of the morning was an illusion — something outside the bitter.' reality of life that wholly consisted of Agatha, of her blinded mind and of a love' that had shone glorious in them both, but whose light seemed as though it was ex tinguished forever. All the afternoon j in the cabin, with a pair of spectacles on, a sailmaker's palm in his hand, and a gleaming, needle be tween his fingers, old Stone sat bending over pieces of sail-cloth, which he was stitching into a hammock for tie baby to be buried in. There was little need for him to take the trouble he did. A plain piece of canvas would have sufficed ; but it was not only that the old man had come to love the little boy, he believed him to be a sailor's son, and with the proud sympathy of all genuine Jacks have with their calling and those who form it, he was determined that the sea shroud in which the little one was- to go to his ocean grave should be such as the most critical mariners would declare fit and be coming. When he had done he called to Mr. Fortescue; who brought Agatha from her berth, telling her what Stone wanted to do there. It was late in the afternoon ; the girl had exhausted her tears, and she came out quietly with the clergyman and went on deck with I him. Stone entered the berth and did | Mb work there, bat it was a task that came very near to breaking him down more than once; Often during' the long ! years he had spent at sea he had lent I a hand to stitch up in canvas the remains '. of shipmates ; but then they had always been men — rough, sturdy-fellows in life ; and though the disease they had died of might have Trusted them, yet he could, recollect them starting' as active; hearty sailors, who had lived, and who, if death had come to them prematurely, were still not so youngas to make the visit seem cruel for its earliness. But when he raised the tiny form and laid it in the little ham mock, the soft-hearted old fellow- could have wept like a woman. The. half opened eyes seemed to follow him as though they thanked. Ttnm for' his tender nesB, and for his brave plunge overboard in the morning* Hekissed the cold fore head, passed- His- fingers- through the yellow hair,- and with an involuntary look up to God as if the 'biding of t&3 body in the hammock was like the act of giving it to heaven, he fell to stitching the- canvas along, and soon the little form layencaaed ready for the morning. When this was completed the old man stepped on deck, and motioning bo as to bring Mr. Fbrtoscue near to Hiram, he Baid.that the body was etitched up in the hammock, ' and I think now;' added- he, ' for the sake of the lady tt had better be taken forward and covered over with a tarpaulin.' ♦f Yes,' aaid ForteHcue, 'I should not like it to be all night in the same berth with MiBS Fox.' ' No hurt can come to it,' said Hiram, ' in this quiet weather with a tarpaulin over it. As ye say, Bill, it's best taken forward.' Stone went to the flag locker, a box in which a little show; of bunting was kept, and taking out the small ensign, stepped below with it ; and reverently wrapping the hammock up In the colors, he brought his burden on deck, holding it in bfoarms as if it wcTe a steeping infant he was hushing to his heart. When Agatha eaw him- emerge from- the companion way, and observed what he held, the startled violently and half rose -from tier chair.; but Fortescue grasped her: land and stood- in front of, her, where* ipon she fell back, hiding her eyesybut . she did, not speak. Stone was- bare lieaded, and Hiram as he passed pulled: off Us cap, as did Archer,, who was at the biller* Forward, ;the men went on with their various jobs, glancing at what lay in Stone's arms, and then addressing them selves afresh to what they were about; those who had tobacco in their months shewed perhapB with Increased energy, and . in all of them you saw a soberness of ex pression entering their faces, like a deeper dye in the mahogany of their cheeks. Placing the body upon the deck, Stone flrew over it a tarpaulin, which he secured at the corners, and. there, ready for the morning, lay all tbat -was mortal of the little waif whom the old seaman had declared to be a sailor's son, but whose paternity was now to be a mystery that should outlast the world, and be without determination till He who loved little children and called them unto Him, and who had declared that of such as this innocent boy was the Kingdom of Heaven, should come to judge the living and the dead. These, at. least, were Mr. Forfceseue's thoughts as he watched Stone. He sought to soothe. Agatha, but she did not seem able to .listen to. him. If ever she spoke ; it was only to mutter in broken speech that she was answerable for the child's death, and that that thought would make her loneliness more than she could bear. After a while she said that the sunshine pained her eyes; and asked. Fortescue if she might go^togher cabin,, speaking as though she had no will of her - own, and with a note of grief in her voice that harshened its sweetness j and with, a: manner that almost neutralised the par-' ticular loveliness of bearing which had', marked the timidity she was wont to address him with, after she had got to learn as though by rote what he had told her about their being betrothed, and how they were to be married when they reached England. The evening came along with, the same: quiet wind that had- been blowing all day i whispering through it, with' purple splen dors swiftly fading in the west, and the stare eastward flashing quickly into their places, for there was but a narrow interval of twilight, and in those latitudes the night will be striding across the deep when . [ the waters facing the direction whence she ? rises still wear the hectic of the vanished | luminary. The crew gathered about the : forecastle and talked in low. voices* The i little creature that in life had been a toy for the men to look at with amused and sympathetic faces was now a mighty ; power to subdue them ; wizard- like filling ; the air with the shadow of death, so that the mysterious influence coming from it touched- and gloomed in all that the sailor's eyes rested upon, putting a deeper darkness upon the ocean, a pallider light upon the bosom, of the sails sleeping to the sighing, of the: wind, a meaning, not at any other time to be caught into the soft sobbing- of the -water-, broken by - the stem into lines in which the reflection of each star broadened, as it rode over the long ripple. j Fortescue paced, the quarter-deck, too i much absorbed in thought for conversa tion with: Hiram,, whose watch it wars, i and who talked in a low voice with Duck - i at the tiller. Stone came up to smoke. He took. a few turns in. the gangway, then stepped forward to see that all was right, with the tarpaulin, and observing the men grouped forward of the fore-rigging talking, he joined them. As before said there was not the discipline of a ship (aboard the little schooner. Hiram and j Stone were no better than others of the i crew, though of course they were obeyed, and were men whom the sailors had ! signed articles to sail under as captain | and mate ; yet they had been careful to j keep at their end of the craft during the I voyage, and the mate joining the seamen now was felt as a sort of condescension and kindness on bi« part, and when he I stepped amongst them there was silence meant as a sign of respect. 'It is a sad business, the little un's death,' said he, putting his back against I the rail and folding his armny and. casting ? his gaze aloft while he sucked at hisi pipe. 'Aye,' said Breeches, 'but it han't taken me for one unawares after that ! prognostication of the shark. I knew he I hadn't smelt at us for nothen ; but who ! could have reckoned that it was the life of. ? the smallest and the innocentest of us that | was meant ? Poor little chap ! There's not much in my chest,, lads, but what's ; contained in it is all the belongings I have : in this world, and I says Sis,' he ex ; claimed, . with a huskiness in his. tone, j ' sooner, than that baby should have been j as much as- hurt, let alone drowned, I'd I willingly have chucked my chest over S board along with all the wages I'm agoing i to take up for this woyage.' j 'There will be no more; stopping,' [ exclaimed Goldsmith, emptying his pipe: ; by striking it on the palm of his hand so [as, to make no noise, 'as a chap comes \ forward after his trick to tickle of him ; under the chin and make him smile. It'll [ be something to miss. . He had a way of I hoisting up. whatever he mightbe a play i ing with to show it ye, that made a man (feel like as if he'd been saying of a prayer, f ay, and feeling of it too. What's there' ? to snigger at in that 1 should like to know, ]cook?' I ' There's no sniggering in me,' ? answered the cook. ' It's Johnny snuf ; i fling.' S This was accepted as the fact, because ; Johnny did not deny the charge; The | men's faces glimmered very feebly to the ; starlight, and it was impossible to note ex i pressions. \ 'When a little chap like that there ; dies,' said the cook, ' what becomes of ;him?' | 'Tarn to and read the Bible and find .: out,' answered Stone gruffly, but in a low j voice. 'There's no call of being afraid of over-heducating yourself in that direc i tion, Micky.' ' 'Well, I don't know,' exclaimed '? Breeches, ' I was acquainted with a man ? as-owned to belonging to a religious party ' what call themselves the Select.' ; 'The Elect ye mean; perhaps,' said ; Archer; j 'Well, the Helecfc, then. This chap i said he knew where he was agoin' to. He ? was called, and was bound- to be a hangel. There was nothen as could stop him. The Lord had got hold of his helm, and he was holding a course for heaven true as a ! hair. That was the result of splritool '. over-heducation, boys. He-kept all on readin' and readin' about souls and how they're saved and the like, till he drifted | into a regular ocean of ideas, with such a \ sea running that bis ballast shifted, and : there he was with a strong list, everything i wrong, rudder gone, compass overboard, I everything adrift, and him all the while \ cock-sure and notdoubtin' that if he could r only see under his shoulder blades he'd I find the wings a-sprouting.' ! 'I agrees with William,' remarked Kitt, meaning by William, Breeches. j 'There,' said he; pointing- with a , shadowy arm in the direction of the tar i paulin, 'lies one as never thought; yet \ as compared with his chances, I should ; like to know what 'ad be those of the ' I&xnedest; man as ever studied hisself into ? becoming boss of all the parsons, Bishop i o' Canterbury, or whatever the name is.?' ? 'Well, 'taint a subject for arguefica ; tion,' said Stone, ''Airy, slacken that | wang a trifle. Where are we going to ; pick up the trade wind, I wonder?' | 'This drownin' job isn't going to do ; the lady much good, I doubt,' exclaimed i Breeches. 'She's an aatoniBhln' mystery ? to me, Mr. Stone; If s onderstood her I mem'ry's gone^ which bein' so; how fa it | everything ian!t strange to her ? How can I she tell where her hair is, what to do with | her boots, how to use a knife, [how to ! reck'lectthe nameB of things she asks for, j like water, or bread, or tea ? Why, she : dmsed the little 'un from head to foot; bow could she ha' done it without mem'ry?' ' Your must: always consider, Bill,' said the ; cook, speaking in.a tone mani festly deprecatory of : any observation, he nrght challenge from Stone, ' that this lady may not have been cast: in the. exact resemblance of otherf oiks. A party as is never more rational than when ahe ain't got her intellects; which are usually reckoned to be sealed up when people are asleep,' he. added, referring, to her sleep walking, 'may set ye a wondering, but she'l ldefy ye to explain her.' 'Look here, Micky,' said Stone, ' when ye've had enough of cooking mate, you tarn to an' become a nat'ral philosopher. A-man as can 'splain a thing by showin' it ain't 'splainable is goin'^ to save money for his old age, an' as ph'lo sophy's your forty don't ye keep your prospects a waitin'. 1h& fact is,- Bill,' said he, addressing Breeches, ' the more ye thinks of what's called the human mind the less ye can make of it ; consequently I'm for taking all wonderful things aa happens as they come, just as ye look at them there stars ; satisfied to notice that they're bright, without troubling to con sider how it is that if they're made of earth like this here globe they sparkles* like polished silver. There's no use in dropping a lead overboard and keeping on paying - out line when ye know there is no soundings to be got. Here and there life shoals and yeget bottom ; but it's mostly so deep that I tell ye the furdest of them stars up there ain't furder off than the ocean-bed of existence- is from the reach of our knowledge. Respecting Miss Agatha Fox,' he continued, speaking with the complacency ne must inevitably feel from the flattering silence that attended his speech, 'it's like this to my notion : and I'll explain my idea in what they calls a hailegory. Ye can't understand how it is she's got a recollection of things she asks for, like when she calk for bread, or a knife or a fork, or hunts about- for cotton to thread her needle with. Well, this is my view. Take a man. with one blind . eye, t'other eye being all right ; and -now imagine that this here man isn't able to turn his head on the side his blind eye is. Well, now it stands to reason that if his werry oldest friend was to sheer alongside of this blind eye the man wouldn't know him; for the simple reason that he ? couldn't see him. All on the blind side :ud be darkness. On t'other side he could see what was happening, and owing to the wision being of such a nature that if a man stares straight ahead he'll see more things than he looks at by side ob jects coming into the range of his Bight, he might be able to perceive with the good eye just a little of what 'ud come into the circle of the blind eye if- it could see. That's a hailegory answering to Miss Fox's case. One side of her brain's in darkness. It's like a blind eye turned on whatever comes before it. T'other side's all right, and'a got the. power of taking in a little of what 'ud fall into the spear of the dark side, if that dark side ?: was alive and sensible. Small things, like : needles and corfee and the like, are within ' that speay, and - the right side of her un \ derstanding catches hold of 'em, but big \ affairs, which needs her full brain to see, j are invisible to her. So t&ere; ye have it | 'eplainedin a hailegory, Bill ; but I don't mean to say it ain't puzzling all the same.' V Breeches grunted as though satisfied, ! but some hoarse whispered comments were j uttered by the others, which must have j plunged all hands into a long discussion, | had Stone been impolitic enough to over hear them. Soon again, however, the subtle subduing influence created by the i little silent body under the tarpaulin was [ felt by the men. Their thoughts went to j the infant and they spoke of hiin ; then I Martin Goldsmith remembered a creepy ; and chilly story of an apprentice who had [ been an orphan and was put to sea by an | uncle whom he had talked of as a harsh ! and cruel man. This lad died through I a fall from the masthead. They laid him | out, and that same night an able seaman j named Moses Bogles, going aft to take the ? wheel and passing by where the body lay, i saw the apparition of a female with '?? her fingers locked upon her forehead, leaning over the body and suggesting by her attitude that she had discovered who the boy had been, and was in wild anguish. ' Bogles was bo frightened,' said Goldsmith, 'that he ran back again | into the fok'sle, woke up all hands, who came on deck to see the apparition, but the figure had disappeared. Yet there | was not the least doubt that Bogles had ; spoken the truth, for his sincerity was i shown by the effect the sight produced ! upon his mind. He had been a drunken i swearing fellow before, but from that ? night he read the Bible regularly and be came a pious man.' Anson, the cook, : had also his little yarn to deliver, Archer j likewise told of a ghost, and oldBreecheB, never to be beaten when it came to \ spinning twisters, narrated in a gruff but I tremulous voice how his mother had been \ visited in the dead of night by an elder : brother of his, who came to the street I door when the snow was a foot thick with nothing on but a pair of drill trousers. I ' There was a moon,' said BilL ' and she | saw his face plain, but as she'd only re i ceived a letter a fortnight afore — he was in the Royal navy, was Joseph' — saying that 'the frigate had reached Kingston, Jamaica, and was like to be kept on that ; there station for some months, she was so I confounded, not more by his turning up : in that rig than by his turning up at all, ' that she tumbled down in a fit, the noise j of which alarming a lodger that had a I wooden leg who slept in the back parlor, ?: he shipped his leg and come out, and see ; ing nothen but mother a laying in a | swound upon the mat, he shuts the street ? door and carries her on to a sofa, where, .after a bit she rewived. Well, what happened 2' said old Breeches,, turning his face, dim in the starlight, round upon the men, the glistening'of whose eyes was the only discernible point in their dusky countenances. ' Some time after she got ; a letter from the Admiralty stating that falling overboard at night In Kingston harbor, and it turned out that at the very ? time he was under the water the knock ' came at the door, and his mother see him a standing in the snow.' But it was hard upon eight bells ; Stone . had finished his pipe, and drawing himself up with a look round at the sea, he said, ' Well, we live in a fantastic world ; but there's no use a growling,' and with that : he walked quietly aft, pausing a moment whenabreastof the tarpaulin and looking at : it, and then moving on afresh with a sigh. The men after talking a little broke up. The first watch had began ; half the crew went below, the others, who had to keep the deck, hung together* walking in twos and twos, one pair in the gangway, another on the, forecastle. The shadow of death i was on the little ship, and where the tax* paulin was the darkness hung deep, and as often as the spot was passed: the footfall was softened, the low [ voice sunk, lower yet into a whisper. It i would be mere imagination, of course ; yet the whole thing appeared as though accentuated by the night ; by the steady ' eolemn burning of the stars ; by the deli ; cate swell that underran the schooner with a melancholy respiration ; by the parting ; waters stealing along in sounds of weep ing ; by the spectral wings of canvas i slowly fanning the darkness under the I glittering heights ; by the light moaning j noises breaking oat from God knows what ! part of the interior of the gliding fabric. Even to thee, O ttoyfragment of human clay, there had come the marvellous gift of death ; the power of subduing to the com plexion of thtne inspirations whatever the the eye could behold, whatever the ear could hear. ( To le continued.) 