Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 17. FIFTY LASHES. r- ? ? By, ATHA OHAPTER I. A full Bummer moon overhead, casting bara of soft slaeon athwart tba trees in the publio Domain, Auckland, New Zealand. On a ruBtio bench, beneath tho widespread ing branches of a giant Kami pino, satnhalf oaste Maori girl, and by her side a tall hand some youth, wearing tho dark-blue uniform of Oaversham's Horse. No Spanish beauty eould boaBt a more glorious beauty of faoo and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother— daughter of tho old Maori Chieftain, To Puke, fell in lovo, and married ono Tom Selby, a sergeant in tho G— th regiment, and with hor hand camo many broad ncrcs in tbo most fertile valleys of tho Waikato, whioh tho old soldier eoon * converted into a good payable estate. Wnile Kiora was yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Selby bought a. snug villa outsido the city, and sent hia daughter to a boarding Bohool until sho beoamo old enough to take charge of his household. 'And bo you are going to morro\ Charlie I' Bho aska timidly, at tho eamo '.imo toying nervously with heroompanion'spalmbotwcen her own Bhnpoly handa, ' Must it really bo to-morrow ?' 'Beolly and truly, Kiora,' ho answered. ' Tho horsoa wero put aboard early this even ing, and wo sail to-morrow at daylight.' ' How dreadful this war ia,' sho coys in n low tone. ' Ah, dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly and ceo- thoso mad fanaticB, the rebels, murder and plunder inno cent peoplo. Sinco IJewi waa driven out of Waikato, tho Government havo dono all iu their powor to induco thu dis3atiiiied Maoris to lay down their arms, and livo at peaco with their Pakoha neighbours, but you eeo it ia of no avoil. Tiporo and his crazy brother have roused tho Taranoki tribes to open re bellion, and by so doing havo unfortunately prevented ono Charles Stanton from enjoying bio Cbriatmaa dinner under tho samo roof aa Kiora Selby.' 'Dear Charlio, no ono can regret that mis fortune more than poor Kiora,' Bho anBwera Boftly. Charlio laughq lightly, then stoops down ward until hia moustache roaches Kiora's ripo red lipS, and — well, tho moon only knowa what took place, for ho was watching them. His Moonship Bees many things that lovera wot not of. On this lovely evening, thero - was no exception to tho ruin, for ho observed oloso by where Charlio and his companion billed and cooed at each other, tho form of a man, crouching low down behind a thick scrub, whioh completely hid him from tho eyes of th0E0 ho was evidently watching— a man with a pale, vile-looking face, which peered out at them from tho screen of foliago with a savage gleam in hi3 oyes. Tho apparel ol tho envea-dropper was similar to that worn by tho girl's companion, savo that he had three narrow golden atripea upon his coat sleeve at tho wrist; which bespoko tho man a non- commissioned officer. During a long ohat, such as lovers usually indulge, tho watoher never stirred from hia bent position ; but listened to evory word uttered with a greed that was only born of deep and absorb ing interest. It wa3 only when Kiora roeo to deport that ho drew further into the shado, and in so doing mado a noiso whioh attracted the girl's attention. 'What was that, Charlio?' Bhe cried, neBtling herself oIoeo to tho sido ot that gentleman, and gazing round in alarm. ' What is tho matter, deor?' 'Did you not hear a rustling noiso? It Bounded oloso by that buoh there,' ehe said. ' Sweet Kiora, you are filled with strange fancies to-night,' ho said gaily. 'First it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for us. Now it ia a noiso as' of Bomo lurking assassin. Pooh, my girl, thero ia nothing— save perchance somo grasshopper looking for its mate.' ' Oh, Charlio, I would givo all 'I posscsh in the world to prevent you going to Taranaki,' Bho said, with sudden energy. 'Nonsense. Why?' 'Because I havo ono morbid fancy that when wo port to night it will bo for over.' ' My darling, I ? ' ' Listen to mo, Charlie, Do you believo in drcamB?' ' Drennn', certainly. I believo thoy. aro dreams; nothing more.' Tho maiden nestlod her small head — orowned with a coronet ot gloBsy raven hair i —closer to hia breast, and looking up ot him with her largo eyes, said : ' I had a terrible dream tho night before last — a dream in which I saw what took placo as plain as I can see those trees beforo mo now.' ' What did you Bee, Kiora ?' 'An encampment of armed men, situate on tho margin pf a lovely lake, and sur rounded on overy hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in the extreme,' bIio re opondod, in a low hushed tone. ' Beyond tho tents on a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a solid cquaroot glittering bayonets, in tho centre of which were three postB stand ing upright. On thoso crnel stakes a man was being tied hand and foot to be flogged liko a hlave. My God, it was terriblo.' Tho trodper put hia arm about the Blonder form of liis companion, for aho had begun to shiver liko ono in a ague fit. ' Did you recognise tho features ot the un fortunato fellow at tho triangles ?' ho asked presently. ' I did.' ' And you know him ?' ' Yes.' 'Who was ho, Kiora?' 'Yourself, Charlio ! Oh, tho unutterablo anguish depicted there I Oh, tho misery and tho despair, and tho sickening dreadful blows that fell upon my ears liko some shuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear I Yet I was compelled to gaza until tho dread ful wo-'t was ended. Then I heard a loud shout away towards tho cliffs, and looking thence, beheld a great horde of Maori warriors rush liko a mighty avalanche upon the eqnaro of armed men. and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chaos nnd con fusion, intermingled with Bhouts and criea, and a vision of the man who had been de graded mounted upon a saddlo and bridleloaa horse, _ his baro nnd bloody baok glistening conspicuously above tho crowded me/ir until tossed to and fro liko a worthless waif, it went down amid tho tido of battle, and I saw it no more.' Charlie Stanton stood silent for a moment. A feeling' of somo nameless dread began to Btoal over him at Kiora's recital, but he Bhook it off, and replied in a bantering way: 'Dreams aro all my oye, sweetheart. In deed, it has been said by certain crusty old bachelors that dreams aro liko ladies, they follow the rule of contrary. Como hold up your head, my dear, I shall return to you 'ero tho now year is many weeks old, with all my honors. Think upon me.' ' I fervently trust you may, dear Charlie,' Bho replied. Then, suddenly lifting her head : ' Charlie, I want you to make me a promiso — a solemn promise.' 'Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to pro mise 1 ' 'That you will refrain from taking one drop of intoxicating liquor until you return to Auckland.' 'You littlo tyrant,' ho cried, laughingly. ' You would liko to set a trap for me. You have your tea without stint — which tho doc tors say ia rank poison — and yet ono is to be doprived of his glass of grog, Bimply becauso ^hat giddy head of yours has beon rnnning too muoh on wars and rumours of wars. But, sweet Kiora, let ua change the subject. How. Iovely tho night- is.' i They went out into the eoft glow, arm in arm— Eho pleading for his promiso— he, laugh ingly, resisting her. Onward down the green slopes, strown with murky shadows, that seemed to swallow them up and leave ootraco behind. By-and-byo tho lurking figure oamo forth from his lair, and stood up in tho full light ot the moon — a tall dark man, about thirty years of age, face sallow and olosely shaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. ' So hero you are, Sergeant ClomentExley, playing tho spy,' he muttered, apostrophizing himself, a sinister gleam in hia eyes the while. ' Why, who would have thought the ring doves would select this spot for their senseless chatter ? — almost under my noEC. Humph I My limbs are racked with cramp. Confound them both. What tho devil can there be about this weak puling dandy, that Bhe must prefer him to a better man. Ayo, ono, who cares moro for her than ho doos.' He stood with folded arms a moment, watohing tho direction they had taken. 'Thero yo go, Charlio Stanton, with the whip band of mo, but take care, my lad, I don't checkmate you. For ten years you and I have been what modern society calls frienda, Charlie ; but modern society littlo dreams how I hate your friendship. It has robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, oven tho lovo of this proud wenoh — who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and iueult, sinco you havo taken tho field, Charlie, won chem. Well, well, I am content to bido my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ero this. I havo tho cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but I will ueo it to advantage when opportunity offers.' He followed in tho wake of the lovers with a slow and meditative step, his head bent, and his hands olasped behind his baok. 'If my friend Stant'nn has one pet vioo abovo another, that vico is drink,' hu mut tered, pausing in his walk. ' Not a sot, who lovoa to tipplo alone, until ho ia speechless, oh, dear no ; but ono of your gentlomanly, oocial souls, who cannot 6ay nay when it is placed under his nose. Let him promiso if he will, ho cannot resist it. I havo studied tho man. Twicc haa ho risen to tho rank of Bergeant sinco the corps was formed, and each timo degraded to tho ranks again through tho lovo of good liquor. So, so. Charlio, all's fair in love and war. Therefore I'll bait my lino and angle for you my friend. Onco londetl, I soo my way clear to ta'lcUe Kiora, and her broad acres.' Sergeant Exley, of Cavorsham'a Horse, in creased his pace, crossed tho park, and entered tho street ; thenco his walk became slower, until ho reached Shortland Place. Hero Ire halted, and stood watohing the front of a pretty villa on tho oppoBito side ot the way. There must havo b:cu something very at tractive hero to engage tho sergeant'a attcn tention, for he remained on the FpDt close upon two hours. He was Btill waiting and watching, when a young man issued from tho house, humming a favorito opera air. ' Hollo, Charlio 1 woll met, dear boy. Where havo you been J' cried Exley in a sur prised, yet pleasant tone. 'Just ruu over to bid the Selbya good bye,' replied Stanton. 'But what aro you doing down this way, Exlay?' 'Ah, taking a walk under tho moon to view tho city. I guess wo shan't have another opportunity ol viewing the Bpires of Auckland by moonlight tor some timo to come. Truth iB, Charlie, I'm glad to havo met you.' ' Why ?' 'Because I was just making my_ way to the Albion, whoro I'vo promised to meet ono or two jolly fellows, to toko a parting glass. You will join mo of course.' ' My dear Exley, nothing would givo mo greater pleasure, but ? ' 'But what?' ' Tho truth is,' Btammored Charlie, ' I havo mado a promiso not to touoh liquor of any kind until I return from Taranaki.' 'Phew,' whistled the Sergeant. 'I'm sorry for that, inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of tbo best punch, and ono or two of tho most comio dogs in Now iJealaud. Good night.' Sergoant Exloy turned upon his heel, but Stanton caught him by tho arm. 'Hold hard, Exley. Wo sail early in tho morning; it'a almost morning already, there fore I'm with you. I can accompany you without breaking my word, eh ?' ' Certainly.' And tho anglor went in with his intended dupo, and brought him forth in the grny light of tho dawning day, ntaggering, uproarious, and with his promise shattered to tho winds. CHAPTER If. Thero aro few scenes in New Zealand more grandly rugged than the Olmn Valley. Taranaki, the ppot where tho Volunteers had formod their hitouao on tho 2ith of Deo., in anticipation ot meeting tho rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, tho time night, a calm lovely night, with moon and Etars etud ding the dark bluo canopy of heaven. Tho camp was composed of eix hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caversham's Horse. Tho latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to whoro tbo'* c'ommfssariat stores had been piled and covered over by a largo tarpaulin. Of tho sixty men of the troop, ton of their numbor had been told off oa guard, under tho charge of Sergeant Exley. The 3upply ot grog and provisions were only limited, and needed but ono sentry nt a timo to keep watch and ward over them. Toere were six quarter casks of rum Blinding in a row, flanking tbo stores, — a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to havo charge in 4bo Btill dead night, with no eyo looking on. Tuis idea appeared to havo taken posses sion of tho sergeant, for he oalled tho guard together about tbo watch-firo, and said : ' Comrades, I need hardly remind you of tho general order issued this morning. Wo are under martial law here on tbo field. Colonel Bartopp. aB you all know, ia a very strict officer, and will punish tho slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty, will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?' They appeared to understand very well that drunkenness would be punished only with tho lash, and they glanced towards tho rum-pnncheons, and thought the Eergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himself about their welfare. There were others about tho firo who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently Been moro of the ocean than terra jirma , if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cablo, and while the Ber goant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water-spaniel at his side.' This experiment with tho dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered the nom tie plncc of ' Sanfly,' was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knock-about amongst thetroopero. He could speak English pretty well, so far aa lying went, and was withal ono of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. Aa tho night waxed apace, there arose a keen wind, which made the air biting cold, and Eet the whole tents Bhivering like eo many sheeted ghosts under tho moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for eome placo of shelter for tho night, found a snug corner be neath tho tarpaulin which covered tho stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. Tho party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained by it, — Charles Stanton and Bob Cablo. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no two men were more opposite in person end disposition. The ono handsome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pnsilan imity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How camo these opposit e to befriends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the Etorming of the Maori stronghold 'Te Banga,'Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out side the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his side received during tho attack. _ The Volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of hia lifo Charles Stanton walked coolly out to tho trenoh, and brought in tho wounded man upon his baok, amidst a perfect hoilstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language moro forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fiio, with the dog between them, and a Email flask of ram, which has been emptied to thedregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently thero i3 a call for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cablo 'good-night,' and anBwera ' Hero.' It is his turn for Eentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the Btores. Silence now roigna throughout tho camp, save for tho wild screech of tho pelow out yonder by the lake. Ranfly orouohed under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his ro3y dreams by tho sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a par^rioan in his hand, talking to tho eentry in a low earnest tone._ ' Indeed Charlie, I see no great harm in a glasB of grog on suoh a cold night. We aro not ic town where it could bo easily obtained, thoreforo one must get it by stealth. 01 course you are on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, but I must Eay a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be mis sed.' ' Perhaps not,' answered Charlio Stanton, carelessly, 'Pray do as you pleaso.you have command ot the guard; but 1 say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting general orderB, and Colonel Bartopp's stern discipline?' . ...... » The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, ' Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One Bide tor tho men, tho other for your friends. Surely you wero not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all tho fuss nnd humbug put forth in ordcrs Reneral or otherwise. Bod tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tapo to tbo end of tho chap ter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp haa not rotircd to hia tent without a Bkinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watch through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it ia here ready at our hand? ' ' Bravo, Exley 1 Very well argued. My orders aro to allow no ono to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter-maBter, but I repeat, you are my auporior officer, and— there aro the casks.' ' Good. This fellow hero eeema a little Bpopleotio, we will bleed him.' 'With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bungholo ? ' oriod Charlio, laugh ing. ' No 1 Only a bungler would go to work that way. Seo hero, I havo a gimlet. Now, keep watch whilo I spile thia fellow's frontis piece.' Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at hia companion era ho wont down on hia knees to bore tho rum puncheon. Had tho good natured inconstant dupo Beon that look, he would havo thought twico beforo hobnobbing with tho subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Charlio Stanton, measuring the man by his own standard, saw nothing in it savo a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard liia sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently aa a ser pent, Sanfly behold Exley holding tho panni can over a thin etream issuing from ono of tho oaskB. How tho liquor hissed and gurgled aa it spouted into the pot 1 When the utensil was full, Charlio held his thumb to the hole until tho surgeant plugged it up again. ' Now, comrado, tako a nip.' ' After you,' said Charlie, modestly. 5!3 = ? ; ? ? S 'The girla wo left behind ns,' and the ser- - geant put the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any. ' I'll givo that pledge with oil my heart,' responded Charlie, in proof of which ho almojt emptied tho pannican at a draught. It took away hib breath for the nonco, but that waa nothing — tie i i.ht was cold. '? What do you Eay, shall we refill tho gob let, Stanton?' ' By nil means, Exley, and tho pot waa re plenished. _ , 'Ijdidnot expect wo wero going to have such a jolly timo in general,' said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with tho can of rum between his knees, ' Come, Clem, take a sip and pass tho dc canter.' In a short timo tho measuro wa9 again empty, and once more refilled. The fiery Bpirit was at least twenty degree3 over proof, and eoon began to tell upon the troopers. - — ' We must bo cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guird,' said tho sergeant, as Charlio became rather noisy. ' It ia now paBt midnight, and I don't expect the visiting officer beforo four o'clock.' f 'Oh, bother tho visiting officer — pa'aa tho nappy, Clem.' ' I supposo you don't mind my reliev ing yoa when your two hours are up, Char lie I'l * - ' Not at eII. I am content to remain here * until daylight, providing you leave me tho gimlet. Herd's jour health, Clem, rind may you ; *'?' , ' live to be a general.' . '?-? *? ' Tho Eergeant watched liim with glistening ' - - ? 1 oyes. ' Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,' ho Baid. '1 1 noneense. Here, hold my carbine, tho pot is empty.' One p.m. by the Eergeant's Watch, and the sergeant'a companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half hour the poor dupo ia Etargering about, moralising to the empty air, like ono of Con greve'a heroes. Ho will have another eip ol the liquor, and he has his way, for he i3 beyond reason now. The rum ha3 mastered him completely ; anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity, hia laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking — ye God3 I such rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant growa disgusted and leave3 him alone in hia glory. Tho officer of tho night begins hia rounds earlier than waa expected. At three a m. the Commissariat Guard turned oat at his BummonE, and was dismissed as correct. 'How many centriea havo you, Sergeant Exley?' ' Only one, Captain 1' ' I will visit him.' It waa usual for two men of tbo guard and*. the noncommissioned officer in charge to accompany tho officer hen visiting the sentries. Exley called two cf hi3 comrades, who conducted the captain over to the stores, but of courso there wa3 no one to challenge their approach. 'Halt,' cried the officer, 'how'a this? where is your man, Eergeant ?' he asked in a tone of surprise. ? Before the question conld be anexered, tho Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark innert form of the tipsy Eentinel stretched upon the floor fast asleep. A light was brought from the tent and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. Thero appeared no need to inquire how tho man got drunk on hia post.. Tee leuking cask, tha gimlet, nnd the panmcin hall full of liquor on tho ground beside him, told its osrn tale plainly. 'This is a very unfortunate matter,' cried the Eergeant, with well-feigned regret in hia - tone. 'What is to be done, sir?' . . ? 'Dane I why your duty, Sergeant Exley, of coarse,' responded tho captain, 'Carrj tho poor devil to the guard-tent, and put another man in his stead. 'I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night 1' Morning came with its rosy blas'n tinging the hill- tops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into renewed life. It found Serjeant Exley pocing mcodily before the guard-tont where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. ' la this but tho prelude to her dream?'' ho muttered. ' Gad, it would seem so. Hero are the circle of hills around, baro and ireelesa overlooking the valley below. Yonder the Ohan Like gleaming in the eaily sun like a burnished shield. What morn? Shall tha curtain rise to-day upon the first act of the dream ? — the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? Wa shall Fee. Charles Stanton, it would have been well had thou or 1 I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretcfi, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt Bee the cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's rest.' He tnrncd into the tent, and at that moment tho voice of Sanfly wa3 heard call ing for Saop, the retriever, who ran frisking towards tho lad in great glee, and tho pair - raced down the hill towards tho tent occupied by Bob Cable. (To he continued .) 