tNTTI^RP.nT QJSLLA-L (THROUGH- GREVILI.K'.S TELEGRAM CO.] ..SYDNEY, MONDAV. "I Fat Cattle-At the Homebush stock sales to-day; cattle were'Ia . good supply, and' the market firm at. late rates, best beef ^realising, l-7s.'6d; per lOOlbSiV ' r' '. * ; Fat Sheep \verS'1h:modem1»};8Upplyi' arid prices well maintained ; 561b wethers, with good skills bein'g worth'123./ ' The Chinese Commissioners have found it impossible to leave tomorrow for Queens land, and" they' 'will^therefore^not .start' till the following day. ' The Hoii. B..R. Wise,; Attornoy-Geue^al, is indisposed, but hopes to be able to* resume bis official duties in d few-days. The body of young"Mr. M'Mahou, who was drowned'n^ar^Braidwood, -has ^een re covered, "and willbo;forwarded to Sydney for interment. . .The 5 stables at; the-rear tof McNamaru's. Club ;Hotel, Bega, have been totally des troyed by fire. Mr. Oowdroy'a store was muoli damaged. The loss is> estimated at fro«..£2000 to £4000. > ; The Miuviter for .AVorks has decided to! run a special for the convenience .of those: members oi Parliament-and ; their wives who are desirous of. attonding the Adelaide Exhibition. The tram leaves Syd ney at 8 p.m. ou;Thursday. A private cable message states . that Bishop Pearson has.arrived in England, and that the medical experts who have been con suited are hopeful of -his ultimate recovery. With reference to the reported suicide of Mr. Tebbutt a flour mill, proprietor, and late of Murrurundi, a subsequent inquiry goes to show that although he died from the effects of a' self-inflicted' wound, that wound was not inflicted with homicidal intent, but merely to remove a temporary pain. Some human bones have been found by the police near Penrith, whilst searching for the reported ghost. It appears that a foul deed has been committed, and the guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, and not having the proper tools, he tried cremation. The hole started for a grave was found near the remains and close to the spot where the vision was reported to have been seen. Lord and Lady Brasaey. left. this.afternoon for Newcastle, eu rouib fo* Brisbane.'': ?'1 