LIKE AND UNLIKE, . -- ST hi. F BoinDoN, Anthor of 'ad Audiote'a Seret' Etc. CaarTren XL I -(Co~'TI?e ) SHe may bare htiJ~n bhe, tewhere in that great berrak of a hoi u e.' s?i S:. A~Istell, 'or he may have buried bhr in the airden.' 'It would not be easy to hide a corpre in the largest house; nm easy to dig a grave between midnight and morning In surmmer time, Inch at grave as hoo.d not be obvious to every eye. The one safe hiing ltce would be the riser; Lnt that is mere than a quarter of a mile from the house, at the astreet point.' 'Why not drag the river?' as'?ed S!, Aaatell. I mean to get it don ; bet ye: r lerd?hip most remember t!ha:t it is oney wihi the last few days I socreuiti In fineding the Bideford boatman, ani teat it was hit desoription of his p r,-c,,:er appearance and sondaetwhich confirmse sy ouopioioa of fonl play. There is reuh a thicg as insticoet; -but one most hane sore I te.IC jaloetsiatvo than instinct bnfore tIkirg active eteps in a business of this kind.' 'It is the fault of 3cur tribe,' said Ft Auatell. 'Yon are all cver contionu. ltet man bears the brand of Cain on his fore head.' 'You are right there He has the criminll mannerdistinctly marked. I saw th:· when I spent an evening in hi. mothern' house, and I was almost as e rtoin then as I am now that he made away wih b his wie.' 'When can we get the river dragend?' anked the Colonel. ' Tomorrow at dayr?rate.' an?nerrd 3!el nolte. ' I have er-,ggd a ceple of men to do it. They know tchae they are to search for, but they will keep their econ?l., asd tell any enrious inquirer, thiat I dropped a valbahle watch into the stream y)eterlday ifternoon when I wes rowing. I hired a bhat at the bridge esterday, and rened up the bCad and along the Abbey river, and in thsl plase, where everyt'.ieg is known thor co. oerma other people's busineess, that fact is rare to be known. The men will begin to drag at apoint that I shall indicate to them nearest to the Abbey, and work down stream for a quarter of a mile-then go back to the same point and work up str:am. If the body was thrown into the river it will be l tound within thcea limits ' 'What if that final evidence is found? The murderer will have had time to Let cot of reach of justice behore a coroner's inqueat can bring his crime to light,' eard St. ALrlelL SHe will not leave the country very easily. All the principal ports are being watched.' ' But what of the smel:er ports ! He will get away, if he wants to resape.' ' I don't believe he intends flight,' said the Colonel. 'Sir Adrian's manner was natural enough this afternoon when he talked of his brother having gone up to town, and the ._eumb'lityof hit travrell:r. sooner or later. ,ehabfild his groond so long that I iee no reason why he shecll take fright noW.' ' Unless he mells a rat, and euaeptts Mlunotte,' said it. Aue:ell. The late winter dawn found Sl, Austell awake in hie old.fashioncd four-peat bed at thehotel byChadferd Br:dge. He had been tosting about all night, eleepless, save for brief anatches of half oeccn'icouness, awhich were rather waking dreams than dleep. Not for one instant eo that weary night had Helen's image been absent from his thcughts. Again, and again, and again he had cited over their last meeting-recalling her looks and tones-her reluctant yielding to his prayers-and then her final promise, solemnlygiven, that rhe would be his. He remembered how he had stood by her aide, with her hand clasped in his, and had said to her, ' This promise makes you mine for ever, love. There most hbe no going back from your words to-day. To me it is a pledge as eo!eauu se was ever made before the altar. May the worst evil happen to me if I ever fall away from my fidelity to you " He had rpoken in good faith, and now In his deepair he told him self that this was the real love of his life, and that if she had !ived he would have been true to her to the end. ' She was beautful encough to enslave a man for a lifet:me,' he eaid to himself. 'She had spirit enough to make her a drti ault conquest ; she wan j set clover enoogh to be a delightfal ccmpanian for a clever man. She wase the one perfect woman whom I have known.' He rose at daybreak, worn out by sleep. leasness, and tried to refresh himself w;th an ice-cold bath. The house was astir early in the hunting asaaan, and there was a great cry for baths and boats, and hurrying to and fro of chamber maids in the .erridor, by the time Lord St. Austell was dressed. His breakfast was randy in the pretty sittingroom looking on to ta road and the river, at eight o'clock, but be was e little able to eat as hbe had been to lteep. He aat staring at the fire, and sipping a Cup of tea, while he pictured to himself what the men were doing so the Abbey river. He had intended to be down there at daybreak and to watch them at their work from the beginning. He had thought abouIst all eight, but when the mo ning light came, his courage failed him, It was all too ghastly. How would death have used her, hie beloved, she whose smile was to have been his Aurora, who was to have looked poee him in the happy dawn, In the glad beginning of each new day. How weald she have fared in that cold cochb, where they were aseking her ? F.r the first imae ane his boyhood he prayed with all t)e trenjth and fervour of a believer fo-gettinghis skepticism, hit so.eiology, his gessemilm, everything, except the mental 'qpy which wrong that prayer from him. aas prayed that the men with the drags' m~ight not fid her. That she might stil hbe Ihtng, lost so him, perhaps, hbut Iving and h1nly as she had been v nen last he looked epoa her c. The men most have been at work for more tha an hour by this time, and ii would take him nearly an hour to walk to the Abbey riva; yet still be sat with his breakfast cop fn his hand, starins at the fire, hesitating, tunetant to lface te result of that loathsome work. At last, with an effort he ose from his arm chartr, put on his toat, and went There were three yeong men Itarting for a distant matas he lts the hoteL Tney were reatt?e?ng over the bridge, lighting their e?oigs, and talking and slaughing; fll of Iman jfoeosiety, as it seemed reo 8t Aunell. He almost hopedthat ones of them would he illed before they rame batk in ths evening. le execarated them for their mirthfutl Inep titude, as they went jogging op the stony ha, slapping their horses' haunches and gawsggcfng m their saddles. He wa glad to get away from the old English town, and fr ninge of modemrn villaus, to the lonely high rad, and then to the footpath aross the Pmark, o that tributary of the Chad whlah was aeled the Abbey river, a stream in whish many a fat and pldeld laybrother had Eahed with net cr line, and plaoed his eel baskets in the good old monkish days. ift Anetell went down into the deep glee through whith the river ran, parallel with the railroad. He wet by the same narrow path which he had trodden last Angust, nder the heavy summer folisage. Nuow the buOb were bare. nad ?. 'icder : ky looh:e m ly bIoe behind the dark traery of laflens twig. He saw the scene as in a dream, the wind- swept billooks and be :lows, the great Ibmtrwn trunks of the oaks, and in the AIstanee the bright gleaming river glancing hs and there across an opening in the woodland. He went down to the Park, wherse he met Mrs. Bsddeley yesterday afternoon. There wse no ons In ight, nor could be bear the sound of the frons searsping along the pebble bed. If the mna were still at work they were oat of ear -hot. He walked slowly along, hoping that all was over, and t at nothing bad been found; but a little further on he met Mel. notte, and the first gleene at his faes told St Anltell that there had been a ghstly dis. *What ire yon doing here, Lorad St. Austell,' said eloottes hborriedly. 'Pray go boatk. The worst hn s hbav'enod, and you Pobhte by ~p.cu asntgu tain me soltOr. oQnu not to be reen ilre 'it may d3 yo7 harm by-mtd-bye. Taktmy advice and get awsy from this neighbourhood as aoon as you uea.' SWhat have they found- where!' a'ked St. Aut:ell, ignoriog his advice. 'They have found a body in a -cep pool funeher down the stream it is her's, there are ample means cf recognition. The loug bruso hair, a weddiong ring and keeper, a Persian rag woud round with a si k kbndkerabiel. It her murderer had taken paine to sEcorn her identiication, and to ehow that she did ot throw herself into the river, bht was thrown in by aomeoodi else, he could not have eona more. Yes. It hi very sad, my lord.' as if in answer to the acony in S; Acutei'.s countenance. * but thre :s no help. It is all over and doce with It i4 only iwht I expected. What you have to do ia to get away from Chadford tetore the inquest. and to keep your name cut of the bouinres, if yon ecn. You are known to have been with her cn the last day cf her life, to have planned an elopement with her. You may bo enspected of her murder-who know?.' 'I don't care whether I am or not. Where is she ? Let me see her,' said St. Anstell. trying to pass Mr. Melaltte. who onutived to block the path. ' For God'a sake don't go that way. The men are carrying their borden to the dead. bcuro. L't no onv who loved her look upon hcr--lc no one but the torg.cn tee all tmat death and the river have left of poor humanity. Come back to Cbalworth with am, LIrd St. asoetl ; I am going to the C.'roner.' * What of her murderer ? Is he to esnspe you 7' SNot i I csn help it. I shll telegraph to Scotland Yard before I see the Coroner, and when I have seen him I shall get a magia. trate's warrant for Mr. Belfield's arrest, and I shall take the first train for London to pot the warrant in force.' ' Sir Adrian will bare communicated with his brother in the meantime perhaps. Does he knowwhat has happened?' ' Not yet, I think. There was no cne down by the river while the men were at work, except a gamekeeper, and I told him *,y story of having dropped my watlh into the stream, which he seemed to swallow easily enough. I don't think Sir Adrian can have beard anything yet, but there will be plcoty of talk. 1 suppose when the remains have been taken to the dead-honee.' Lord St. Analell looked bhek along the river pth. He saw the men in the distance. carrying their Darden on a light hand-tier, which they meet have taken with them from the dead.house in expectation of this ghastly result. The burden was covered with a black cloth, and they were wa~king slowly in the same direction as St. Austell and Melno:tE, only a good way behind. He made no farther attempt to see what lay beneath yonder grnesome covering; indeed be felt that Melnotte was right, and that he would not for worlds have looked upon those poor relies of all that he had loTed. Let not that horrible image come between him and his memory of her fresh young beauty ; let him not be reminded through her of what he himoel must be-ol poorhomanity's common doom. He walked back to the town almost in eilence, and left the detectivo to do his work alone. Mel. notte suggested that he should go to the cottage and break the news to Colonel Deverill, but this St. Austell refused. ' I can help no man to bear his burden,' he said; ' my own is too heavy for me.' It was part of his borden to know that his unholy love had been the canse of Helen Belfield's death. If her husband was the murderer, it was her lover who had brought about the crime. CHrrTa XLIII.-' LET M E Yoca SERVANT.' Valentine Belfield did not go to the Great Western Hotel alter he left the house in Liseon Grove. He was too deeply agitated to go quietly back to his hotel and eat a good supper and drink a bottle of wine and go to bed and rest. He knew that leep was impossible. onless he conld bring it about by sheer fatigue, as he had done when be walked from the Abbey to Bideford and hod slept the sleep of eihauston in the bottom of the little sailing boat. His only chance to-night was to walk down the devil of restlessness that wis in him; eo he turned his face north ward and walked to Hamptlead, and then streuk off towards Finebley and Hendon and roamed about among fields and lanes all night, and It seven o'clock, breakfasted at a little publio-house by the tide of a canal, somewherebetween Finchley riad and Child's Hill. It was a house chitfly affected by targemen, and nobody took any particular notice of him, the barmaid merely remarking that in all probability be was a swell who had been on the drink last night, and bad been walking about to sober himselt He .e sober eenogh this morning evidently, and was proof against all the barmaid's blandish. mente, though she had taken the trouble to take her hair cat ofpapers before ahe carried him his breakLast of eggs and bacon and strong tea. He had eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate of bread and butter supplied by Madge, and be was faint and lick from the enaoonutomed fast. Befell asleep by the fire in the public. house parloor, alept through the entranceo and exists of several relays of bargemen, slept amidst the odour of beer and the jingle of pewter pots, dozed on till the afternoon and then paid his loore and went away. He I made his way across the fields to the Edgware road and thecce to Lisson Grove. where he went into a slopseller's shop and bought a compltte suit of such clothes as are worn by the lower order of working men -an Oxford shirt, dordoy trouses, lastian jacket, and hob- nailed boots. He changedhis elothes on the premises, andre appearedin Llison Grove in corduroy and furtian, leaving his own things to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this tran sformation. ' It's laok,- ir, 1 suppose ?' he aid. 'Yes,it'sa lark.' answered Mr. B-lfield, ashe walked oat of the shop. * Well, I most aay that I neer laid eyes on a less larky- looking lent to be'up to snob a move as that,' said the young Israelite, to bis fellow shopman, as be put Mr. B-lfield's clothes away. ' There's a lady at the bottom ol it, I make no doubt, Benjamin,' replied the other, dia miaing the aubject, which remark was more ceurate than speonlative observatioen are woot to be. It was dusk when Mr. Belfield rang the bell at the Folorn Hope. Madge opened the doer and did not reccgnise him, as he stood facing her silently, with his back to the light * What do you want, my good man ?' 'I want to be your servant, as I told yon last night.' ' Ur. Blfield, why are yea still hanging about here ?' cried Madge, in an agonised tone. ' Toi is sheer madness.' SI believe it is next door to madness,' an-wared Valentine, following her into the parlour, ' but it is madness that only yon can cunre. There's no use in my going abroad, Madge, without you. I shbold only carry my guilty conscienee and my misery with me, go where I miaht--Afrini, Asia, the North Pole-it would be all the eame to me. There is no place so strange, no life so wild and full tof danger, exeitement, osoopa. t;on, that wold make me forget, so long as I ware alone. You have the power to com fort me. Ton have the p:wer to lay the ghost that haunot me. Too alone can tell me that I have repented and have expiated my sin. Yon have the faith that moves mountains, and by your faith I may be saved. Leave me to myself and I shall perish inevitably. There is no. help, no core, but through yon.' ' You are mad,' she said. ' Yes, t is all madness. I have a geod work to do here, and Icsannot leave it.' ' Let me stay here then, and work for you. That is what 1 have come for-to be your dredge, yourslave ; to be what Calitan was to Prospcro. I am dressed for the part, you see. Yon will find how handy I can make myself; cleaning windows and scrubbing fligstlonel, doing work that you and the siasers canot do, with all your willingness to toil. And in bad osues, when a paient wants watching as night, I can do my part u a waioh-eog. Yoa don't know what I can be unnur your i trnfurmicg pouer. Midve, I have no friend in the world but yon.' ' You have your mother, a nearer and dearer friend.' ' No. To my mother my life has been a lie. She only is my friend who knows my sin and my repentance. Let me stay here, Madge, and when I leave the coontry go wish me as my guardian angel and my wife Test the truth of my repentance, if you will, before you treat me. Bee how changed a creatore I Lave become. How all that is vilest in my nature has been purged out of it by the horror of my secret sin. Test me to the uttermost as your rervant, before you aceept me as your hboeband.' Madge belan to waver. He who war pleading to her knew not how orgently he a owr f?frt was pleading for him, how fondly hbe Irred him even In his degradation, etalned with the shedding cf blood. SI believe it would be for your own t rafety to leave England instantly,' she said. , There is no knowing when danger may irise, but if you ere bent opon staying in this hrnue and helping us in our work, I will talk to the nisters and ape what can be done Olr fortnightly committee meeting will be held :o-morrow afternoon, and not a of the Fiter, will be bere. If they consent to your being employed here- as a servant -1 have no objection. There is a little room on thiR flor at the end of the parasoe. whiechyou might have as a bedroom. It is emall and rather dark, bht it is dry and well ventilated.' ' Give me any den, any cell,' said Valen tine. 'Do you think I care how I am lodged. I want tobe near you, Madge. I want to feel the mspport of your presence. That is all I ask.' 'You must not call me Madge here. I am Sister IMrgaret.' ' Yon aball be 81iter Margaret. until you are wife Margaret. And now order me about let me begin my elavery. Give me any work there is to be done.' ' I don't think there is saything you can do to.nlght, but you shall clean all the windows to-morrow, if you like. Oar windows have always been an afliction to c me. We have done our best, but women t are not good as window-cleaners. t To-night you can take a holiday, but on t future evenings we can give you some pen manship to do for on-letters to charitable people who help as. What most we cll you. by-the-bye! You have a second Chritlian name, I think.' SYes. I was cbrietened John Valentine, but I was always ailled by the eeccnd name, beesuse my mother preferred it ' * Then here we will call you John.' She began to prepare the tea, as she had done on the previous evening, and two of the ;siters came in to fetch the trays for their patients. One was an elderly woman, the other a girl of two-and.twenty, a pale, gentle- i looking creature, with a wistful expression in her large, blue eyes. Madze introduced Valentine to them , Mr. John, a prercn who in the outside world had been agentleman, but who had offered himeelf to them as a servant. * SIf all the eiaters approve, I think we may keep him here and find him very usefal,' she maid. *In she meantime he will stay here for to-night, and he an help you both in estrying round the coal-acttiles after tea.' Sister Agnes, the fair girl, eat down to tea with Madge and Valentine. She had a slightly nervous manner, and spoke rarely, but Valentine was interested in her ap. pearance, and inquired her history by-ana bye, when she had gone back to her duties on the upper floor. * Her's is a sad story. She belongs to i very rich people, and three years ago her life was a round of gaiety. She fell in love with an army doctor, and ' her family were all opposed to the natch, and made her break off her engagement. He went to Egypt and was killed in the Boudan. She heard of his death unexpectedly from her partner at a danoe, and for six months after wards she was oat of her mind. When she recovered, notlhig would induos her to resume her old life of fine clothes and parties, nothing would induec her to hear of another lover. She devotes her ife to charitable work, and all the money her father gives her is given to the poor, He is very liberal to her. although he disapproves of her way of lie She spends only one day of every week in this hoase, but she works for us on t of doors, going about the streets at night, i and talking to wretobed women whom few girls of her age would have the oourage to approah. Toa. fragile-looking woman has I peretrated the darkest alleys about Clare 'arket, the most dangerous streets in Ritdliff Highway. where even the police go at the risk of their lives She has never uffered any harm, has hardly ever been in ult.d by a coarea word. She has done more good than any other member of our sister- c nood, although all have worked well.' SSne can take your plaes when you have gone to the other aide of the world, Madge.' Midge shook her head with a sweet. serious look, full of senderness. t ' I shall never leave my work, Mr. Belfield. I I have gi-en myself to it as muhi as it I had I taken a vow. I am very sorry for yon. I woald do much to befriend you or to be ot ose toyoa, batI have pat my band to the plough, and I shall oever take it awy.' Valentine got up and began to pace the room, fuming. ' It is madness,'he eclaimed; ' a woman's raze. Only a woman would ever think of i such a thing. Are there not hospitals for lick women I' ' There are hospitals for disease, hut there t are no hospitals for too weak and ailing; a thera are very few refoges for fainting sinners. here are plenty of orpanagss for P the spotless children, but there are few havens for the girls lost in the dawn of irlhood. Chri4 loved the unooent children, and called them to his knees; but he had nexhbauntible pity for the faIlen women.' So be it. You have set the ball rolling. You bave begun the work. Others can earry I it on.' I willnot leav it to others.' 'You can onminue your good work in the -ntipodea. Ton wilt find sin in the new world as well as in the old. There Is no colony so recently founded that Satan has c not helped to people it. Come, fadge, be a reasonable. Three years ago you spurned me bsoause I dared to approoen ycu as as sedueer. You did well. and I deserved your I contempt Now I come to you in all honour; I tfer you all I have to give-my name, my life, my fortune, sauh au I is. I amto inherit all my mother's property, and I shall eot be a poor man I come to you with a blemished life. stained with one hour of h dankest sin. RBt I am not altogether vile. I have repenied that fatal honr in the long agony of months. I shall repent it all my Wle. Ooly)on can make that life tolerable; ; only yon nn heal my wounds. Be my wife, 1 Madgs; Sake me wath all my sine.' r She held out baer hand to him ashbstopped in bhis paoing so and fro, and they remained for aome moments silent, with clasped bands, ha looking down at her, his sejes kindilg asuh looked ;abs very pale and her lip. slightly tremulons. b * You love me, Madge,' he said breath lnssly; 'you can forget all for my sake.' ' I am very sorry for you,' abe answered softly, bat I have done with individual love. I hbave given my heart and life to my t morrowing sisters.' ' It is a craze, Madge ; I may again it I: a craze.' *Yon have not seen the good done-you ( baee not seen the altered faces. There are s women now lan happy honest home. whom we have pioked up oat of the gutater. If you I were to see one young wife I know of, with ber husband and her baby, you would not . believe there had ever been a stain on her life. He took her, knowing ( what her pat had been, and hea has oherisbed her as a pearl of t priee Thea are rare ses; but they are bright ipote which cheer ns and help us on- I ward throngh many a dark night.' 'Well. youare resolore, I supose. You will go on helping strangers, and you will abandon me to my fate.' 'I do not abandon you. I will do any thina in my power to help yon, short of serifloiag duty for yeor aske I think you rs very onwise to loiter here when on oaht to be getting fr away from Englat , ioning your ldentity in a itUange waold Your wife's rela:ions will not be atnfied for ever withouteer:ain knowledge cf her late An investigation may be set on foot at any moment, and the troth may be broughb to light. Yon should be out of the we) before that ean happen.' 'I tell you I do not value my life unleel you will ahare it. I wonld rather stay here and clean windows, than riot in luxury at Ibh Antipodes.' Madge answered nothing. She let the hopelearneen of the situation. He had choren to come there, and she had not denied him shnlter. She had taken upon herEelf in some wies she reepensibili:y of his existene, nince *he had spoken of him to the Bieters; and now she felt that his preeence there would be a constant source of anziety end mental diFeurbanes. She would have to be per cetually on her guard, for ever derying a love which was the strongest passion of her lifre It und been in her despair at resigning him that she had gone upon her ruisston to hor mother. All that she had done for othere had been toe on-shoot of her despair. ing love for him. And now be cffered him. self to her in honour, and the refaced him. 'It I give way to his fancy, he will forget all the past, and his repentance will become a mockery,' she said to hersell. ' I cannot sland in the place of hls dead wife. I eannot profit by his lrime. How could I ever be at peace, remembering that It was murder that net him free to be my husband ?' (To BE CONTITED ) 