Out in a Gondola, At High Tide. [Dedicated to the Sanitary Association and to the Central Board of Icealth.] Ir was a bright sunshincy morning when we sailed away in a gallant bark, over the odori ferous surface of the Saltwater River, and in a few minutes were abreast of the mouth of the canal, that brings along on its serpentine course the accumulated filth of Mloonee Ponds, Flemington, Kensington, and Essendon. At high tide, as we saw it, there is about a ftoot of water, and at low tide, the water is absent, and the substratumof ftveorsix feetof blackseething mud is exposed to the action of the sun and air. We are assured that the copper on vessels lying on the river near this canal becomes as bslack as ink, and the barnacles give up the ghost speedily, evidently considering that life under these conditions is not worth the struggle for existence. Of the water coming down the canal we cannot find any terms in the English language to describe it, but can only say it stinks aloud, leaving our readers to supply the necessary adjectives. But the gondola goes on, and now a stream of greasy and muddy water is poured into the river from the wool scouring factory below the bone mills. This may not be so offensive as other matter, but might easily bearrestedby apruper seriesof catch-pits. The next buildings are the well-known ones of Blylth, Irvine and Binney, and certainly the out-flow of water to the river appeared singu larly devoid of offence either to sight or smell, in despite of all that may either be said or sung. Now we sail under the Hopkins street bridge, and are nearing the paradise of the noxious trades. On this bend of the river, we arrive at the Co-operative Tallow Co.'s premises, let to .Mr. Dundas for slaughtering purposes, and are forcibly reminded of its presence by the float ing lights, entrails, and fat, in a state ofputre faction, that are passed every few yards. Here comes in a large box drain, with a stream of mingled blood, water, and offal in masses pouring into the river, which for a couple of hundred yards has been filled up with the dis gusting sediment as the solid matter separates from the serum and sinks to the bottom to slowly putrify. Our oars turn it up as we pull past, even at high water. Next, a tallow boiling-down establishment is reached, and again the need for catch-pits is apparent by the sediment from the shoot. Then Alexander's slaughtering place, and a wool- washing stand is passed, and the Apollo Candle Works is abreast. This large establishment is at present standing idle, but when in lull work it contri. buted one of the most feetid of the stenches. Even now the scent of the roses (?) does hang round it still. It is a feature worth noticing here, that while about 2oo men were employed at the works when in operation, the closet accommodation for them all is set on the bank of the river and fitted to discharge into its waters. This speaks for itself I Passing under the railway bridge, we reach the Kensington Glue Works, the refuse hair, scraps and fat form a large heap on the adjoin ing allotment, in defiance of the Health Act, that limits even the stable manure to two yards on any premises. Of course all the fluid refuse that will run in a drain is sent to the river. Next is a vacant lot of ioo feet, with a new wharf in course of construction, the land is only used at present for drying the glue in frames. Taylor and Currie's fellmon gery follows. A large business is done here in wool-washing and tanning of skins. Then comes the City Corporation Slaughtering yards and piggeries, let to T. K. Bennett, an idea of the magnitude of the operations may be con ceived from the fact that as much as 300 pipes of tallow per month have been made from the boiling down operations. Here the masses of floating putrid matter in the river, and the water, as if it were half composed of blood were truly disgusting, and little wonder when we see the large drain that brings down, not only the washings from this, but also from the much larger abattoirs at the rear, and near the racecourse. At about fiftlly feet from the bank opposite this drain an oar could be pushed down for several feet in the accumulated deposit of decaying putrescence, and even at high - -.*> the keel of the boat raised a trail of blouod s.!howing how great the deposit was. On the land is a paddock in which thousands of tons of raw offal have been buried under the thin covering of clay, a stick could be thrust down for feet in the seething mass. Close above are two other smaller slaughterhouses, and lower down a gut factory, from which it may be presumed that the contents of the entrails are cast into the river as the readiest way ol disposal, just as all the others do with their refuse. It is useless going into further details, it only requires any one to go, with his eyes open and see to cause a thrill of horror and disgust. It is questionable whether one in a thousand of the population of Footscray, to say nothing of Melbourne, ever visited these spots, or if they did would keep as far away from the works as possible. It would really be well worth the expense of providing vehicles and lunches for the members of the Central Board of Health, the Members of Parliament for these districts, and more especially for the Chiet Secretary, who ought to see and know what is doing, and the class of industries he represents. So far as local boards and their inspectors are concerned, we have nothing to say that applies better than the biblical description of idols, " They have eyes, but they see not, ears but they hear not, noses but they smell not," and so on. As to being guardians of the public health they are a delusion and a snaire, the sooner they are relieved from the position and properly qualified officers appointed free from and above local influence and control, the better for our lives and health, or we will have some new plague break out amongst us, springing from a soil saturated with decaying animal matter and a veritable river of death and corruption spreading its contagion far and wide. Let the Central Board of Health see these sights with their own eyes-not through any inspectors spectacles. Let the members of Parliament see them also, and we have faith in the effect that legislative action would be at once taken. We did not take an inside view of any of the premises, they may be as clean as the nature of the business will permit, the more cleanly they are, the more will the river be polluted, and the sooner they are removed 'away from any centre of population the better for the public. 