MISCELUKV. In a Tight Box.—Sardines. A Friend in Knead.—An obliging baker. A Model Institution.—The Patent-office. All signs fail in dry times—except winks. The Best Known Officer.—General Want. Begular Military Tools.—" Files ' of soldiers. A Striking Thing in Gloves.—The pugilist's fist. Francis Murphy, the reform lecturer, de clares that a dollar goes further now than it used to. Perhaps it does, but it gets there a good deal quicker* —Albany Argus. There are 20,000 more women than men iw Washington. Washington can't very well be a capital city for women who are matrimonially in clined.—Norristown Herald. The Provincials.—Northern Belle—" Did you go up to the Academy Soiree 7' Masher— '"Ah—111—m—no. 1—ah—seldom go to London now. My tailor comes down Forth three or tour times a year !"■ Jack (backward in his grammar)—" Papa, what part of speech i« a woman ?"' Papaffresh from a verbal engagement with mamma, in which, of course, lie has been badly worsted)—" She i«n't any part of speech at alt, Jack; she is the whole of it—"Life. Remarks One Would Rather ITave Left UXAKSWKitirn.—Lady Godiva—" Yes, Mr. Green. I've been painted by all "the most celebrated artists of my time; but not one of them has ever done mo jus tice !'• Sir. Green—" What—no: even Sir Joshua ?"— London Punch. What Our Artist Has to Tut Up With. —Our Artist (showing his la«t and most important picture, the work of years)—"Yes, I should like to exhibit it; but I don't want to sell it, you know—at least, not till times are better." Friend—" Well, why not send it to the Exhibition, and put a pro hibitive price upon it—say twenty pounds':'— London PuncD. At the Stvanborongh benefit Mr. Lionel Drench to'd the following story, brought from America for the event. It ran somewhat after this fashion :—" Boys," said an Irishman who was about to give up the ghost in presence of his sorrowing chums; " Bovs, I'm going away from ye. but I've left a hundred pounds for ye to spend in drink on the day cf my funeral." " Gcod luck to yo, Pat," said the boys; " we'll bury ye daccntly, and we'll spend the nioiicv coming home, and drink to your memory." " Bejabers," said the moribund Pat, ''listen tome now will ye plaise hai e the drinks going, bckase I sba'n': be wid yc coming home." Unexpected Suggestion.—" Say, grocer," said Mr. Smith, as he came into the fish store with a lot of tackle in his hand, " I want you to give me some fisli to take home with me. Kind o' fix'm up so that they'll iook as if they've been c night to-day, will you?" "Certainly, sir," said the grocer. "How many?" " Oh, you'd better give mc three or four bass. Make it look decent in quality without appearing to exag gerate, you know." " Yes. sir; but you'd better take white fish, hadn't you?" "Why? What makes you think so ?" " Oh, nothing, except that your wife was down here early this morning, and said if you dropped in with a fish-pole over your shoulder and a generally woebegone lo:k, to liave you take white fish if possible, as she liked Jliat kind better than any other." Mr. Smith took white fish. A presiding elder of the United Brethren out in Minnesota, preaching to a strange congrega tion, was much annoyed by some of the young folk talking and laughing during the service. lie paused, looked at the disturbers, and said:—"I am always afraid to reprove those who misbehave in church. In the early fart of my ministry 1 made a great mistake. As I was preaching a young man who sat just_ before mc was constantly laughing, talking, and making un couth grimaces. T paused and administered a severe rebuke. After the close of the service one of the official members came and slid to me," Brother , you made a great mistake. 1 bat young man whom you rebuked is an idiot." Since then I have always been afraid to reprove those who misbehave in church lest I should repeat that mistake and reprove another idiot." During the rest of that service at least there was good order. Tobacco.—Tobacco was first introduced into Western Europe in 1500 by Francesco Hernandez, who imported some tobacco plants from North America into Spain. The tube, or pipe, in which the Spaniards smoked the imported weed was called " tabaco," and hence came the name which is now so familiar to civilisation all over the world. In Spaiu it is still called tabaco; in Germany, Holland, and Russia, tabak ; in France, tabac; and in Englandand the Dnitcd States, " tobacco." Sir Walter llalcigh, fresh from one of his voyages to Virginia, was the first to make smoking fashionable in England, and even went 80 far as to induce Queen Elizabeth " to try a few whiffs of the bewitching vegetable." " The Queen," says Colonel Bird, the founder of Richmond, in Virginia, "graciously accepted of it; but, finding her stomach sicken, it was presently whispered by the Earl of Leicester's faction that Sir Walter bad certainly poisoned Her Majesty. Soon recovering from her disorder, the Queen obliged the Countess of Nottingham and all her uiaids of honour to smoke out a whole pipe amongst them." Among stories of University examinations, those that are most popular with the students arc told at the expense of the examiners. The university in the Scottish capital is remarkable for a scarcity of cloak-rooms, and in the excitement of examinations hats arc, or used to be, flung down anywhere. One examiner announced o.ie day that if he found another hat on his desk he would rip it up. Next day no hats were laid there when the students assembled. Pre sently, however, the examiner was called out of the room. Then some naughty undergraduate slipped from his scat, got the examiner's bat, and placed it on the desk. When the examiner re-entered the hall every eye was fixed on him. Ho observed the hat, and a gleam of triumph shot across his face. " Gentle men," be said," 1 told you what would happen if this occurred again." Then he took his penknife from his pocket, opened it, and badly cut the bat in pieces amidst loud and prolonged applause. There were other examiners in the room at the time who could have warned Mm had they chosen. Tim.—O'Beaxdon, the American " tumbler onlcon" man—the instrument was nothing more nor less than a number of glasses filled with varying quantities of water, by rubbing the rims of which he produced music that was really extraordinary—was an odd genius, full iff good- natured conceit, and oven flowing with stories. Here is a specimen of his talk: " Weil, sir, I come of a musical family. Me father i was a janius, an' so was the three brothers of us— meself, an' Tim an Mike; but naither of thiin was alqual to me, av course. Ye never seen mc brother Tim? He was the greatest bassoon-player av the age. I remimbcr wan day th' Imperor av the Flinch, Napoleon the Third, was dhrivin' down Uie Bullyvards, an* he sittSn* in Ms big coach with six horses, an' all surrounded wid officers an' gincrole on horseback; an' along conies the military, troops an' troops o' horses fell back on their haunches, an'-ifae carriage : stud stilL 'Holt!" set th* Imperor. They halted. ' Paulus,'sez he. 'Yes, your Majesty,' scz Paolus, comiu' over to the step o' the coach on takin afffals hat. ' Who's on the bassoons to-day?* 'O'Reatdon, your Majesty.' * Egad,' sea he, " I knew it I ilhrtn on!' That was me brother Tim." He Answebed the Advertisement.—There is a good story about an old gentleman who had been aocustomed to go to Europe every year with ah old crony as a travelling companion. One year his friend died, and was accordingly unable to coma. The old gentleman, after much thought, inserted an advertisement asking anyone who wished to go to Europe under pleasant auspices to apply to htm, and giving his address. This advertisement waseccu late one night by a young hiah, who had been dicing freely, lie cogitated awhile, and then told the club: porter to call a hansom, tTbc cab was procured, and with a little muscular exertion on the part of porter and cabby the young man was stowed away in ite re cesses. He tola theman to drive to the address given. hi the advcrtbcmcnt. Arrived there he was assisted to the sidewalk, and with much dignity ordered the c*Vby to practise cn the bell and kuookcr ofthc ol£ fashioned residence. The Advertiser rtuckhWverio-: relffe head out ot tho wltidfiw, arid alter a pariri/'Abiiv dueted with explosive indignation from uio wtudo\f'; nud unruffled assurance 4rem the nidowalk, the. Molent i»mddown end unbolted tiledWrFWhai hie had picked up the 'differ, and stow hlrn '-1 homer, tho following roriversatloiU^^' " J s*Xt do yoii Mean Ay 3 ' SKKKr-J or, this Is no lime to aomerm>ucb have yob lo say f frflrhMSufl *o jritfc 