THEATRE ROYAL. The popularity which Miss Essie Jenyns has attained among Hobart theatre goers was fully exemplified last night, when she took her benefit. It is one of the things of which Hobart may be proud that the talented beneficiare made her first appearance on the stage in this city, and that she has achieved some of her brightest triumphs here,' while she has won many laurels before the most critical audience that Australia can produce, and in the chief cities of the colonies. The auditorium was packed last evening in all parts with an audience that represented all classes of the community. The performance' was under the patronage of His Excellency Sir Lambert Dobson, Lady Dobson and suite, and Colonel Legge and the officers of the Defence Force, and in the dress circle and stalls especially, standing room was scarcely obtainable. The performances of the principal characters were warmly greeted and well appreciated, and all the actors engaged received tributes of applause that must have been encouraging to them. This is not the first time that Ingomar has been produced during the present season, and the cast last evening was the same as on its previous presentation. With the plot of the play our readers are already familiar, therefore there is no need to say anything on that point, nor is there any need to particularise the action, Mr. W. J. Holloway, who took the title role played as carefully as is his want, and it must be confessed made a very good barbarian. Miss Jenyns played her nest, and gave another to the many proofs she has already given of her versatility. From the rise of the curtain to its fall she played with grace, vivacity, and case, and it is one of the chief charms of her acting that she does not strain after effect, but if she labours at all, labours to appear natural. She was called before the curtain at the close of every act, and several magnificent bouquets were bestowed on her, as well as a basket of flowers from the Vice-regal box. Mr. Charles Holloway, as Polydor the miser, does not appear to advantage. The cringing, fawning hound, whose esteem is to be dreaded, and whose hair is implacable, the whining ill- conditioned thing, which is human only in shape, has no counterpart in Mr. Holloway, and he is ably only to present a very inadequate representation of the character. Mr. H. Hodson, us Myron the armorer, a loyal Maaailian citizen, whose loyalty to his word is bounded by the behests of his Governor, and whose opinions and behaviour change with circumstances, was fairly successful, as was Miss Marian Morris as Actoa, Myron's wife. Mr. A. Norman made a very good Tunarch, and Mr. R. Stewart a good Alastor. All the remaining characters were well represented. To night Shakespeare's grand masterpiece, Hamlet, will be presented, Mr. W. J. Holloway taking the part of the Prince, Miss Jenyns personating Ophelia, while to Mr. Charles Holloway is allotted the part of the Ghost. The tragedy will be placed upon the stage with unusual effect. As Hamlet, Mr. Holloway will be seen in a part by which all actors are judged, and us Monday night is to be the last of its presentation, the public will do well to make the most of the opportunity. Friday next will end the present season, and it may be, long before we have another opportunity of witnessing a Shakespearian representation on the local boards. 