NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shinyy. Rain. Japanese war steamer in. Nice rains in the country. More rain, more confidence! How do you pronounce Ryujo? Preaching by telephone at Wilson. James Grant, the novelist, is dead. The Yanyarrie ghost has been exposed. Tokiyasu Yoshijima is rather euphonious. Canon Green replies to the Rev. S. Hebditch. The prospects of a good season are cheering. The curriers have not settled their dispute yet. The suicides at Vienna last year numbered 358. Now, Mr. Hamdorf, what is your explana- tion? Pauperism in Ireland increased 60 per cent. last year. So far we have experienced splendid rains this year. That "haunted house" mystery is a mystery no longer. The hearts of the farmers are a again gladdened. Last month there were 134 failures in New South Wales. "Harbor Lights" was well received at the Theatre Royal. Read the letters on the history of the "Escaped Nun." An epidemic has broken out among horses near South Grafton. The steamer Orizaba takes home 960 cases of oranges from Sydney. The prospects of the new South Australian loan are encouraging. Native dogs are numerous and troublesome in the Temora district. Rents collected from the Smillie tenants to be invested m the colony. George, the British champion, defeated Myers, the American flyer. James Grant, whose works delighted thou- sands of schoolboys, is dead. The Hon. J. White has won about £70,000 in stakes on the colonial turf. Alma mine turned out 386 ounces of gold last month, and 371 in March. Four hundred pounds per foot cash refused for land m King William-street. Mr. William Summers, of Melbourne, has been made a "Mus. Doc. Oxon." Menotti, bred by Sir T. Elder, won the Glenhuntly Handicap on Saturday. Out of the 600,000 people in New Zealand 120,000 are under fifteen years of age. The Chinese Commissioners who are coming on to Adelaide have reached Sydney. Collector Paltridge received £5,000 last week from the tenants on the Smillie estate. The Victorian Treasurer expects in his budget speech to be able to announce a surplus of £400,000. One of the youths of the modern Athens played with fire and gunpowder—result flesh as black as coal. The Hothams, Gawlers, and the West Ade- laides, new association clubs, received crushing defeats on Saturday. An Exhibition race meeting is to be held on the Old Racecourse in August, Mr. E. T. Smith gives a jubilee cup. Mr. J. L. Parsons, Government Resident of the Northern Territory, has reached Sydney and comes by rail to Adelaide. The Victorian Alliance is taking steps to induce Messrs. Chaffey to make their irriga- tion area a prohibition territory. Louis Palmer, alleged to be the leader of the gang of forgers lately sentenced in Melbourne, has given himself up to the police. Governor Taylor, of Tennessee, has an- nounced his intention to pardon all persons in the penitentiary under 15 years of age. The Duke of Cambridge, cousin of her Ma- jesty and commander-in-chief of the British army, is suffering from a painful and irritating malady. E. A. Perry, the London correspondent of the Boston Herald, says that Parnell's mantle will fall upon the shoulders of Justin McCarthy. M. Meissonier is said to be engaged on a grand canvas, in which he has depicted dra- goons galloping past Napoleon with their heads uncovered. In the north-west provinces of India, in- cluding Oude, there are 44,000,000 Hindoos and Mohammedans crowded into an area of 106,103 square miles. Dr. Brodeur, of Paris, has gone to Montreal to establish a permanent home and introduce in America the methods by which Pasteur cures or prevents hydrophobia. It ia said that one Wellington (N.Z.) firm intends to claim £94,000 compensation for deprivation of foreshore rights by the recla- mation now going on at Te Aro. Heinrich von Treitscke, who succeeds Leo- pold von Ranke as historographer of Prussia, is the fifth man appointed to that post, and not one of them has been a native of Prussia. The Mathinna goldfield, Tasmania, better known as the Old Black Company, seems likely to undergo revival. A trial crushing of 90 tons from Mathinna reef yielded 90 oz. of gold. By an overwhelming majority recently the New South Wales Assembly resolved that pro- vision should be made for the issue of free passes for children travelling by railway to school. Mrs. F. M. Clarke, licensee of Clarke's Hotel, Swanston-street, was fined £20 and £3 3s, costs for exposing for sale brandy, pur- porting to be Hennessy's, which was not genuine. The editor of London Truth thinks that if the Australians desire the presence of a Royal personage at the opening of the Mel- bourne Exhibition Prince Albert Victor could go very well. Rev. Robert Hall, when asked how many sermons a preacher could prepare in a week, replied: "If he is a man of pre-eminent ability, one; if he is a man of ordinary ability, two; if he is an ass, six." The Jewish almanac just published states that there are 4,400,000 Jews in Europe, 300,000 in Asia, 35,000 in Africa, and 250,000 in America. The total Jewish population of the world is estimatad at 6,300,000. The Prince of Wales, Grand Master of the Masons of England, has granted a warrant for the formation of an Anglo-American lodge in England, for the purpose of affording American residents the facilities of the order. Tony Barrios, son of the late President of Guatemala, is a student at West Point, and young Zarala, son of the man who overthrew and caused the death of President Barrios, is also at West Point and his classmate. Thirty wild West Indians visited a public school recently and sang to the children. If this does not send u hundred or so of the boys out on the plains to become Indian extermi- nators then there is no such thing as revenge. Judge Grey, of White County, Ark., was putting on his wedding clothes the other day, preparatory to marrying Miss Nannie Patty, when he complained of a pain in his right arm, called for water, and then almost immediately died. At Napier Mr. Ormond was called to order for speaking of the Premier as "Mr. Stout." He replied, "Did I say Mr.? Well, I may be excused, seeing that it is only a year ago Sir Robert said he would be ashamed of any such title as he has now got." The Victoria Club, for ladies only, has been established in Princes-street, Hanover-square, its chief objects are to give to members access to daily and weekly newspapers, accommoda- tion for writing and receiving letters, and the opportunity of seeing the latest musical publi- cations. Robinson, the champion trick bicyclist, was the plaintiff a few days since in an action in the Melbourne District Court for £29 7s. 10d., money lent and the sale of a bicycle. As the alleged sale took place in San Francisco the court had no jurisdiction, and the case was dismissed. William J. Haynes, of St Louis, who will be 100 years old if he lives until December next, was on the staff of General Jnckson at the battle of New Orleans, was engineer of the first steamboat that arrived at St. Louis from the South, and run the first locomotive that ever left St. Louis for the West. General Beale, of Washington, is one of tha' largest landed proprietors in the United States. His cattle ranche, Tejou, embraces 250,000 acres, 80 miles north of Los Angeles, Cal., upon which are 40,000 head of cattle and horses. He has a farm of several hundred acres eight miles from Washington, where he has a stud of blooded stock. He also possesses a large estate in Chester, Pa. STOOPS TO CONQUER. "How high the bonnets are this fall!" Said Jack to pretty Nell; "They're high in shape, but that's not all They're high in price as well." "Yes, Jack," the maid replied, "that's so,'' And then glanced up at him— "But still you always stoop, you know, To get beneath the brim." 