OUR MhLBOORK&iLETTER.; (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) As usual at holiday time news is very scarce, but we are likely to have plenty in the sporting line, at least, before long. Topic, threatens to be the case as regards cricket at all events, and yet we have had a fair share of the latter up to date. When last week's letter'olofaod the Englishmen, having to follow their first innings, had lost four wickets for less than fifty runs, and an easy victory looked certain for Australia. How completely out was this reckoning the result shows. Chiefly by the aid of Shrewsbury the professionals total was taken to 264, and the Australians thus had to make 172 runs down. This they signally failed to do owing to the excellent bowling of little Briggs and the manner in which no less than three of the Australians were again run out. The defeat of the colonials by 57 runs was a decided later for their supporters. The Englishmen could not c have made much money over the match as the attendance was throughout very limited. But then how many people would care to see five days cricket right off the reel ? No one except those persons actually engaged, had been aware of the wholesale system of smuggling which has been going on for ever so long. The recent affair of brandy smuggling is perhaps the most extensive of the lo?. The whole of the 200 cases of spirit seem, as far as the present evidence goes, to have been got through the Department, and upon the market, by means of unqualified fraud. No action, however, is contemplated against Ray the importer, till after the New Year, and as the greater portion of the brandy has already been consumed through the retail trade, very little of the spirit has, or can be seized. Messrs. Abrahams, Herman and Smith, the principals concerned in the seized cigars, which were referred to in last week's letter, were dealt with by the District Court on Thursday. The Department intended at first to press for a fine of £900 in each case, but ultimately accepted an offer from the defendants to plead guilty, and pay £100 and £650 costs each, and give certain information, besides forfeiting the cigars and paying the proper duty on them. It is probable that heavy penalties will be asked for against Ray with respect to the brandy matter. The brothers John and Robt. Lewis who recently stuck up the Albert Park branch of the National Bank of Australasia were finally dealt with by Mr. Justice A'Beckett last week. They both pleaded guilty and Robert who fired the shots was sentenced to ten years and John to seven years with hard labour. By the North German Lloyd's steamer Preussen which recently arrived at Queenscliffe we have received a modest smallpox visitation. The particular unfortunate and all the passengers on the vessel have been placed in quarantine and happy to relate everything is going very satisfactorily. Mr. Chief Justice Higinbotham has accepted the presidency of the Centennial Exhibition Committee and the Government contemplate appointing several associates directly after the New Year. At first only a small Committee will be formed until plans are matured and then a larger body will be appointed to assist in carrying out the work. The holidays so far appear to have passed off with unusual quietness, and there is quite a lack of accidental shootings, boat accidents, etc. Christmas day of 1886 will be remembered chiefly for its connection with some of the warmest weather the colony has ever known. Boxing Day, or rather the substitute Monday, was productive of the usual variety of sport, the chief of which were the races at Caulfield and the intercolonial cricket match on the M.C.C. ground. The racing on the whole was very good, the contest for the Summer Cup being especially interesting. The Selling Race brought out a smart youngster in Hot Iron, a son of Tubal Cain and Goodwood, who scored a rather easy victory in the Hurdle Race, though Marion and Whalebone had a desperate struggle for second honours, which the former secured. Kohai was made a warm favourite for the Summer Cup, and the Lara was also heavily backed. They justified their friends' confidence by finishing first and second, only a bare head separating them. Hortense, the crack two-year-old, had to succumb to Perhaps, another South Australian bred filly, though she gave the winner nearly two stone. Escutcheon, the New Zealander, made a brilliant run at the finish and just beat the crack for second place. Disaster followed fast and followed faster " in the Steeplechase, which again fell to another South Australian in the shape of Ruby-most of the other horses coming to grief. Damocles proved triumphant in the Malvern Stakes but only by a short head, the Ghost coming with a brilliant rush at the finish. The M.C.C. ground was not very well patronised considering the day, but there has been so much cricket of late that even the greatest enthusiasts are getting weary. The N. S. Welshmen won the toss and took advantage of the excellent wicket but their batting did not come up to expectations; their total of 226 runs all out was under the conditions. decidedly small. Turner who played so well for N. S. Wales against the English- men was chief scorer with 57 and Jones compiled 46, in taking style. J. Ferris, another new man, played true cricket for his 36, and McDonnell's 30 were obtained in his usual ' dashing manner. The Victorians will take a turn with the bat today. There are two pantomimes this year. one at the Royal called "Robinson Crusoe, " a new version, and another at the Opera House under the title of " Jack Sheppard." Both are very good in their way-the latter for preference. Geo. Darrell's drama " The New Rush " was produced at the Bijou Theatre on Boxing night and is pronounced a success. The opera company are doing good business at the Alexandra and the Mikado still holds its own at the New Princess's, while the Victoria and St. Georges Halls have their usual variety of entertainments. 