Pepc's itlroud. A GrAeveYthD Sonyr. Pope Murhua was perhaps the most popu. far young man in- San Felipe. HIe was a singularly cheery lad, and to his unfailing good spirits, no doubt, owed much of his popularity, rather than to his many qualities of greater sterling worth. But the trait which excited most interest among his compeers of his own age and sex was his dauntless, dar ing courage. None so reckless as Pepe when the amateurs took -the boull-ring for Eomo fuInon whoso funds were devoted to chari table or patriotic porposes ; none pushed his horse to such strenuous efforts, nor clung so persistently to thegame at the celeadero when the young bloods of the community pitted their strength one against another in " tail. ing the bul." And brave he was, too,- in emergencies in which the soul is less highly keyed to heroism than.in such stimulating phases of dash and enthusiasm. Facing calmly aid in cold blood men maddened by drink or passion, or else terning a bold, de fiant front to the lawless gentry infeating, in his day, the district, Pepeidnmonstrated ever his selt-possession and eanurvgons Spirit. A group of Pepe's friendosbad had his attri. butes under discussion, one flawy, flighty Sunday afternoon, when the sudden inter mittent gusts of rain and the dusty wind had driven them to shelter from the rather bleak alameda; where to-day no carriages dashed under the garrulous cottonwoods, nor demure dark-eyed maidens paced the gravelled ways or perched, like gay birds, upon the massive stucco bonohes. The coterie had betaken themselves to the house of Don Enrique Soto, at the instance of Federico, his son, who sat brimming their glasses with the cordial wine of Patras-to the disdain, be it admitted, of divers supercilious spirits, who would have been vastly better contented with any poor, thin liquor, so only that it ohould bear'a foreign label. "I tell you, comrades all," cried Pablo Nunez, "this fine fellow Pepo gets credit for valor he does not know. In all theenfeats of strength that he performs he knows he is at an advantage by virtue of his limber build and strong muecleo. But the true test of courage will be a ease where he is on equality with others-with all the world. How would he behave during an earthquake, when his tremendous strength would avail him no thing? How long would he stand up before an intangible shape-a phantom?" At that a shouted chorus'of laughter as cended from the circle of young men. " Peor Dios ! Pablo, do.et thou believe in phantoms? But what ghosts haeest thou seen ? Come, tell us a tale-a story-a-legend. A pretty business this-that Pablo -has grown credulous of ghosts-he who was won~to scoff at aught that he could not touch, regarding the doctrines of the church even as the super stitious dreams of ignorant women. Ho, Pepe I" cried the merry crew, deridingly a lhe favourite came to the door; "here is meat for thymirth I Here is Pablo- grown super. stitious I" Peps smiled when the babbling spirits ex. plained the situation, not failing, either, to mark the point that the question had arisen through Nunez's doubt of Pope's valor. But smile though he did, Pepe looked serious, too. "Remember, mates," he said, "that Pablo is from the Sierra, and in the mountains one grows up more- inclined to belief in unearthly things-the very influences of Nature, un changed by the arts of man, tend that way." "Ey I Pepe to the defence I " "Well, yes, then," said Pepe; "and I do think, moreover, that deep down iin every human heart there lurks belief, of less or greater strength, in the supernatural; Some stake their faith on dreams, and some on signs and tokens. Thou, Corvera, didst shiver and leave off playing smallilr, one night last week, because Juan Luna looked over your shoulder with his crossed eyes. How many of you will join me to-morrow in a dinner I will give to twelve? Come, speak up, boys I You shall have the fullest spread the town affords, and French wines all. What I are you bashful ?" No man made exuberant haste to aecept' lMurhus's offer to make one of the thirteen; rather, the young fellows looked abashed and guilty. ". j !" cried Pablo Nunez, "I told them you'd wear the white plume on some charges. Now, see, Pepe, you rank as the pluckiestfol. low in town; will you go to Campo Santo alone at night ?" "I don't think I am the pluckiest," said Pepe; " there's Juan Carrazeco, who faced and threw a mad bull that was charging a crowd in the market-place; and Tito Itedona, who overcame and tied crazy Sanchez, the butcher, over the dead body of the maniac's son, that he had just murdered." " So you want to dodge the trial by shift. ing the honours?" said Nunez, tauntingly. " These are all cases where the danger was clear and definite. You will not go to the graveyard? " " Oh, yes," said Pepe, " I am not given to dodging; I will go. Now, mind you, I am afraid. Yes, comrades, it is true. The un. known is always the thing fullest of horrors, and I hod an awlul terror In the thought that, as a bare possibility, even, somewhat that is gruesome and fearful might befall. But to my mind the truest courage lies, not in our reckless, foolhardy exploits, but in fearing a thing and facing it all the same. Come, what do you wish me to do ?" "Let us go now to Campo Santo, and see what shall be the test;" and at the wcrd they trooped out and up the street to the dreary graveyard, facing on a forlorn, empty square above the alameda, a spot so desolate and forbidding that ise mere contemplation would make world-weary humanity willing to cling to life rather than face the destiny of lying in such repellant confines. Death, the Reaper, had garnered ample harvests at San Felipe; his granary was full to overflow ing. The long, whitewashed facade was topped by a cross above the great portal of the agquan, inexplicably wide, since no car. riage nor beast of burden ever erosees the threshold. In :the long, narrow vestibule, or porch, a chapel was arranged, where, night and day, a lamp burned before a pictured Holy Family, and its flameo threw uncanny reflcctions upon a row of gleaming ashen white skulls ranged below. Passing through this species of atriem the young men, sobered by their surroundings, entered the city of the dead. The graves lay thick as grass.blades, literally overlapping, and almost without ex ception facing westward. No shrubs, no flowers or trees enlivened Itbe scene; only the debris of dried bouquets fjirom the annual devotion on All Souls' Day, which had fallen a fort night previous, and here and there a harsh, glaring wreath of yellow and black immor teles. Some of the monuments were stately and handsome, but the majority were flat, lowlying etones, carved with no particular skill or taste, and often defective authography. Some of the humbler eort were built of ma sonery, and painted in crudest, vividest tones of blue or greeau, picked out with weather tc'niehed gilding. A lair production of the monuments bore the letters "D. P,." which indicated the right of the tenants to slumber there undisturbed in perpetuity, instead of Euffering exhumation like the less-favored, whose mouldering bones at the end of four or five years would bhe unearthed and thrown into the common receptacle of the hulstri'. So depressing was the place that the visi tors, as with one aeeord, nrd. an instinct of elf-deonce, lighted fresh cigarettes, and puffed vigorously, until they created a cloud of fragrant blue smoke to mingle with the murky atmosphere. They picked their way with what reverence of trend they might to a section of the northern wall, where the plaeer was crumbling away from the brown BR abodes, while here and there in the searred expanse were tablets besrieg, besides name and date, thb legend, "Seain by the Swages," in mournful suggestion of the days, not so long gone by, when the Indians had been wont to swoop in fierce raids into the city's very streets. Then Nunez, still acting as spokesman, turned to Pape. "Wilt thou coma here at midnight and drive a nail into that wall ?" "I will do it," answered Pepe, "but with reluctance, as you know." Then, after the inevitable ahatter and chaff, the crowd lounged homeward. It was perhaps ten o'clock when they re assembled at Pablo Nunez's office, deeming it indiscreet to seart such an undertaking from the sal,,n de billier or any more publiepoint. Pepe looked a little pale and eerie, but never theless came gallantly forward. At the last, Clemente Allande, Peba's bosom friend, tried to dissuade him from the enterprise. "'Tis a rash and useless thing, hu,,mbre. Give it up. If ought were to be gained by the going, rytal But to gratify the jealous malice of an envious soul like Paplo, why shouldst thou risk thy tile? For at night the" exhalations from the graves are more than ever noxious, and thou mayest get typhus or heaveno knows what from breath. ing them. The plea was potent with Pete, who had all the usual horror which Mexicane feel for the air of night, never stirring abroad after dusk without muffling his mouth and nostrils in the folds of a silken hankerchief, through which he breathed. "But I cannot recede now," he said; "cease to dissuade me, Cle. mente. It may be that the example will-be salutary. Seeing that I undertake, for the sake of reason and courage, a thing I dislike and fear, the boys may perhaps be impelled to act with less absolute obedience to their own preferences. We Mexicans of the younger generation are a selfish lot. Give me the hammer," he added, turning back to the others, as he threw the point of his cloak over his shoulder. This wrap of Pepe's was one of his whims-an affectation, said the malicioue. - But it was not that. The intense patriotism of the young fellow made him cling to the long Spanish cape of his fore fathers-surely the most graceful garment a man can wear-while his comrades disported themselves in coats or ulatere of the latest French or English cut. Throwing then over his shoulder one long end of his eapa, and tuaking under its droop ing folds the hammer and the big clumsy spike, Pepe stepped away in the darkness, up the gloomy streets between the low houses, whose darkanud forbidding asecades gave no promise o! hospitality to be found with in. "He is gone," said Clemente Allande, re entering the house. "I saw him turn the corner of the ' Green Devil."' " You should not have watched hiim out of sight," said one of the young men, "that brings evil fortune." "Noweroak, you I" snapped Clementevici onsly, in the stress of his nervous forebod ings, and went out to stand alone in the 'chilled patio, more and more deploringPepe's undertaking. "And I might have prevented it, if I had not been a fool," he muttered, " what were easier than to have sent a hint to the Tfattura, and the perfect would have eo moved that the guard of the graveyard wenld have missed his stolen key, and watch would have been kept. Better that Pepe should pay a 1ultlka, or even take a turn in the lock-up, rather that get diptheria, or typhus in the miasmas among the graves I" Then the others came out laughingrabnd dragged him to-the card-table, where still he would not play, but sat glowering at the game. An bhour went by, another half, two hours, and Allando could boar it no longer, but sprang to his feet with an oath of disturb ance. "Two hours, and Pepe not here I Some evil has assailed him I We must go to his relief." "'And find him snugly in bed," sneered Pablo Nunsz : "he has been home an hour, or--gies sabe?-perhape he was not Eo scrupulous as to go to the graveyard at all I" ! It does not partincularly beooome you, Nonez. to sneer and throw aspersions on Pope's courage, when it is at your instiga tion he has gone into the absurd and useless adventure. It might be interesting to seek a canse for your pique against him I" " One need not go far for that,"murmured another of the young men, "only down to the corner of Goadalope, where Aurelia Mira. montez lives." " At all events," said Clemente, "I shall go to Pepe. You who will may come. How ever, I have no faith in ghosts, and I can go alone." But the crowd were fairly shamed by Al. lande'e spirit, and, moved, by self reproach. and, a!so, no doubt, by curiosity, they trooped out with him, barring only Nunes, who slunk away to his bed. The graveyard paths were dismal in their stark barenees, that left the palpable darkness unrelieved and pressing like material substance on the pil grims. The leader stopped short as he rounded a tall and massive monument that eoncealed the particular epace of the wall where their quest lay. Something undoubtedly was there, a denser concrete shape against the formless blackness of the night and the shadows from the wall. Something, too, in human sem blance, and in the uncertain light shed by the lantern's flame, flickering and waving in the riotous gale, it seemed to struggle and writhe, as if in mortal throees, or elee in the strain of cambat. Clemente dashed forward with a wild cry. "Pope oh, Pepe ! To the rescuoe I" He reached the spot and but one figure was there; bowing and swaying, bending and reeling in fantastic movement, as it wrestling with its own shadow, projected in grotesque, unearthly proportions upon the wall. Clemente threw his arms about the other's waist, and strove to restrain and to drag him aside. A passive and inert but powerful re sistance was the result. By this time the other's had gathered around,and one of them threw the lantern's rays full on Pepso cIur hu's face. Then a cry of fear and horror went up from all throats, so ghastly was that pallid countenance, set in the rigid lines of mortal agony acd despair. "'Will you not help to free him 1" cried Clemente. "Are yo all'paralysed 1 Come, sec what holds him, so I can lay him down I I think he is grasping something on the wall." But none of the panic-stricken crew would move, and Clemcnte himself, still supporting the other, sought to reach along the rigid arms, to detach them from their hold. Bothll arms hung free; one stiffened hand still held the heavy hammer. Then, with a sudden light breaking on his mind, the faithful Clemente caught at the folds of the ample Spanish cape, fisapping and waving airily in the wind, and tried to tear them away from the form of his friend. The resistance which hIe encountered confirmed this belief, that had taken shape tardily, thanks to the dim and ehitting, uneven light. With a fewc words of explanation which de prived the incident of its supernatural aspect, he rallied his stiffened companions, prompt enough to act where only material forces were concerned. The nature of the occur rence was plain. Blown by the fitful wind, the folds of Pepe's cloak had been pierced by the heavy spike, whose broad, flat head had effectually held the strong cloth and pinned the young man to the wall. Alone there in the night,with such awesome circumstance of time and place, the conditions had unbalanced his judgment when he had seemed to findhim. sclf in the grasp of something, unseen, us. known. Nor had the poor lad succumbed to fear alone, The family physician of the Mur. huas had long ago diagnosed a weakness of the heart, brought on or aggravated by Pepe's prowers in field sports, and any excess of mental or spiritual emotion must have re. saited fatally. The knowledge of his condi. tion had been kept from Pepe, with a view to averting the fate that enlightment might have spared him. He was buried near the spot where death had met him, but his nsme is not forgotten. The graceful fashi.n of the Spanish cloak is coming into favor again in Mexico, but never can be found a youth of San Falippe who will don the garment that is known as " the shroud of Pepe Marhua." Ambition.-Ambition when not allowed to become a ruling passion, is a good thing to possess. It is an incentive to many a noble deed. It is closely allied to bravery also, for a coward is without the quality, and would rather slink to the rear than rush to the front to face the enemies' guns for the chance of honor or fame. He would sooner save himself from a threatened danger than have the glory of helping a friend to avoid it. Many calls are made on its followers by am bition, and a devotion to it results sometimes in sorrow and care, instead of the anticipated pleasure anl happiness. There is "the vaulting ambition which o'efleaps itself,"aad leaves the devotee in the lurch. The man who sets himself to gather riches and make for himself a name, often draws the coveted prize and reaps the reward for which he has striven. But at what a cost I At the eascri fiee of his best years; the denial of all soft ening love and domestic happiness; the fresh, innocent impulses of youth suppressed, and all the higher and nobler feelings gradu ally deadened, till he finds he is at last a sue eeesful, great, but an-intensely solitary man. His ambition, however, is gratified, and the gaol for which he aimed is won, and with that he must be contented. The ease long looked for never comes, and as he has sown no must he reap, his heart closed to those in. fluences which make old age bearable and the coveted riches like Dead Sea ashes. The aspirant never masters the shibboleth of the set he affects, and the thousandl little dagger-like thrusts and snubs unconsciously dealt by those horn in the purple are as bitter things, suffered in uncomplaining si. lence and seerecy, but ever sinking deeper and deeper, ending at last in utter demorali. zation, for the inner magic circle is never truly broken to admit an outsider. 