THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dream) a dream that waa not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " A Sea Qu0en," "Tba Wceok of the Grosvenor," "A Sailor's Sweethaart," &o.; [Published by apetilaj arran-'emgnt with the ftutQOI AH rtehte reserved.l CHAPTER XLY. -(continued). Breeches grunted as though satisfied, but some hoarse whispered comments were uttered by the others, which must have plunged all hands into a long discussion, had Stone been impolitic enough to over hear them. Soon again, however, the subtle subdulDg influence created by the little silent body under the tarpaulin was felt by the men. Their thoughts went to the Infant and they spoke of him ; then Martin Goldsmith remembered a creepy and chilly story of an apprentice who had been an orphan and wa3 put to sea by an uncle whom he had talked of as a harsh and cruel man. This lad died through a fall from the masthead. They laid him out, and that same night an able seaman named Moses Bogles, going aft to take the wheel and passing by where the body lay, saw the apparition of a female with her fingers locked upon her forehead, leaning over the body and suggesting by her attitude that she had discovered who the boy had been, and was in wild anguish. " Bogles was so frightened," said Goldsmith, "that he ran back again into the fok'sle, woke up all hands, who came on deck to see the apparition, but the figure had disappeared. "Yet there was not the least doubt that Bogles had spoken the truth, for his sincerity was shown by the effect the sight produced upon his mind. He had been a drunken swearing fellow before, but from that night he read the Bible regularly and be came a pious man." Anson, the cook, had also his little yarn to deliver, Archer likewise told of a ghost, and old Breeches, never to be beaten when it came to spinning twisters, narrated in a gruff but tremulous voice how his mother had been visited in the dead of night by an elder brother of his, who came to the street door when the snow was a foot thick with nothing on but a pair of drill trousera. [ " There was a moon," said Bill, " and she saw his face plain, but as she'd only re I ceived a letter a fortnight afore- he was in the Royal navy, was Joseph-3aying that the frigate had reached Kingston, Jamaica, and was like to be kept on that there station for some months, she wa3 so confounded, not more by his turning up in that rig than by his turning up at all, that she tumbled down in a fit, the noise of which alarming a lodger that had a wooden leg who slept in the back parlor, he shipped his leg and come out, and see ing nothen but mother a laying in a swound upon the mat, he shuts the street door and carries her on to a sofa, where, after a bit she rewived. Well, what happened ?" said old Breeches, turning his face, dim in the starlight, round upon >h3 men, the glistening of whose eyes was the only discernible point in their dusky countenances. " Some time after she got a letter from the Admiralty stating that her son Joseph had been drowned by falling overboard at night in Kingston harbor, and it turned out that at the very time he was under the water the knock came at the dcor, and his mother see him a standing in the snow." But it was hard upon eight bells; Stone had finished Ills pipe, and drawing himself up with a look round at the sea, he said, " Well, we live in a fantastic world ; but there's no use a growling," and with that he walked quietly aft, pausing a moment whenabreastof the tarpaulinand lookingat it, and then moving on afresh with a sigh. The men after talking a little broke up. The first watch had begun ; half the crew went below, the others, who had to keep the deck, hung together, walking in twos and twoB, one pair in the gangway, another on the forecastle. The shadow of death was on the little ship, and where the tar paulin was the darkness hung deep, and as often as the spot was passed the footfall was softened, the low voice sunk lower yet into a whisper. It would be mere imagination, of course ; yet the whole thing appeared as though accentuated by the night; by the steady solemn burning of ihe stars ; by the deli cate swell that underran the schooner with a melancholy respiration ; by the parting waters stealing along In sounds of weep ing ; by the spectral wings of canvas slowly fanning the darkness under the glittering heights; by the light moaning noises breaking out from God knows what part of the interior of the gliding fabric. Even to thee, O tiny fragment of human clay, there had come the marvellous gift of death; the power of subduing to the com plexion of thine inspirations whatever the the eye could behold, whatever the ear could hear. The wind shifted in the night. It blew, but without much weight, from the north ward ; and the sun rose upon the Golden Hope close-hauled, leaning slightly, three points off her course. Fortescue, who, in accordance with his regular custom, had turned the key in Agatha's door over night-with greater solicitude on this occasion than he had before felt, for he greatly feared the perturbing influence of the sorrowful events of the day upon her mind and the domination of sorrow not less active in sleep than in waking-Mr. Fortescue on quitting his own berth lightly unlocked her door, and after listen ing intently for some moments, knocked. She answered by opening the door. She was fully dressed, but had not yet bound her hair up ; it was like a sun-touched fountain raining down her back and over her shoulders, wondrously plentiful and most daintily rich and radiant; her beauty, pale and hard with melancholy with such melancholy as would possess a mind that was without memory, without a remembered past and the solace retro spection yleldB-met the vision of the lover with the novelty he would have found in a marble image of his darling. There was a darkness under the ever gentle eyes, a languor in the droop of the lids which told of a troubled night. He held her hand as he asked her how she had slept. " Not well," she answered ; "I missed my little companion"-her lip quivered. "Why, that was to be expected, Agatha," he said, calling her by her name, for there was something in the etoniness grief had put into her face that to his BenBitlveness repelled the more en dearing terms he was used to employ; " but time that heals all will soon accus tom you to the poor babe's absence." She looked down as though she dis dained such an assurance as that, and Bald with scarcely moving lips, like one think ing aloud, "I caused his death. It was intended it should be so. Why was me mory taken from me if it was not meant [ should be alone-alone !" She raised her hand as though to press her forehead, but. touching her hair, she seemed startled to find it hanging wild about her, and with a faint blush of confusion she made as though to close the door upon the clergy man. " Will you come to the table to break fast, Agatha, or shall I bring a tray here to you!" "I will come to the table," she answered. He said softly-"The little one will be buried at 11. Is it your wish to be pre sent ?" " Yes," she responded with an unusual quickness, turning towards him, " cer tainly I wlBh to be present." Her manner checked him, otherwise he might have asked her to consider whether she would have the heart to witness the slipping of the little hammock off its plank, and to bear the gaze of the men, all of whom would be asuembled, She came to the breakfast-table when the meal was ready, bat only responded very faintly and briefly to Hiram's respectful salute. Seeing it whb not her humor to speak, Weeks fell silent himself, and breakfast was gob through with scarce more than a half dozen of words between the skipper and Mr. Fortescue. Her manner was a blow to Weeks, who had been rehearsing many observa tions of a consolatory character. The truth is, he considered that William Stone had enjoyed too large a share of the privilege of advising the clergyman and sermonising both him and Miss Fox aa occasion required. He felt that his own parts in this respect would remain unimagined if he did not brush up the mind God had given him, and deliver the opinions which formed in him during hi3 watch on deck or his waking moments below. However, there was no help for it. The inexpressible something In Agatha's face and bearing that had silenced even in Fortescue the impassioned loving names he had hitherto called her by waB acutely felt by Weeks also, as h8 sat working away at a plate of rashers of bacon, with a hasty ogle of her from time to time out of the corner of one protrud ing eye. When breakfast was over she rose quietly, passing near the clergyman to say, " Will you let me know when I am to come on deck tor the funeral ?" " Certainly," he answered. . Thereuponshe wentstraight to her berth; Hiram standing erect on his compass- like legs looked intently at Fortescue, as though debating whether he should speak ; but it was impossible for him to keep his tongue still. He said, in a harsh, saw-like whisper "Never could have believed, sir, she had so taken to that there child. Had she been its own mother, the drowning of it couldn't have caused her more grief. Pity it happened all this way down here. It wouldn't so much matter if this sorrow had fallen upon her when we was even within a week's sail of England, for then there'd be all the interests of the shore close at hand to smother down her lamentations a bit, and maybe, as Bill Stune thinks, to give her back her memory, in which case the joy she'd find in recollecting of 'ee, and beholding once again all them old satisfactions which she can't now perceive, would make this melancholy little job seem small enough, though such is the natural gentleness of her heart that I don't mean to suppose she wouldn't always find it affecting." Fortescue had too sweet a nature ever to show impatience at the good intentions of others, no matter how distressing might be the form they took ; but Agatha had inspired him with thoughts infinitely too deep for utterance to such a man as Weeks, and with fancies and fears which made him recoil from the mere idea of talking about her. Week's ambition to shine as a philosopher and a moralist must therefore be baulked again. The clergy man, with a bit of commonplace on his lips, which, strive his utmost, he could not force into a smile, went to his berth, and Hiram passing the back of his hand with a long sweep over his mouth, and a slightly crestfallen look, fitted a mole skin cap to his head and climbed on deck to relieve old Stone. (To be continued.) 