.>«-?-?_? THE VEHICLE TRAFFIC OF SYDNEY. -*- "We all know you ; and, what's more, we don't like you. " Such was cabby's parting shot at a well known city man as he set him down in a double sense at the door of a public hall a few evenings ago. The subject of his abuse had, up to that evening, been a regular cab-rider over a very short route in the heart of the city ; but on principle he had always kept to the regulation fare. Now he has dropped cabs altogether, to cabby's considerable loss. This is not a bad story, but since almost every one who hears it can head it with a better, out of his own experience, the moral may as well be faced straightway: The vehicle traffic of this city is in an eminently unsatisfactory condition, and it is high time the citizens combined in an agitation for reform. The Govern- ment tramways, although exceedingly useful, are hopelessly behind the age, and they have prevented the development of other forms of locomotion. Citizens are therefore all the more completely at the mercy of the cabmen; and unless they are prepared to be both patient and liberal they must take up their stick and walk. The population of this city, with its suburbs, is now about one-third of a million. On a moderate estimate, 100,000 persons of all ages out of this population require daily to travel such dis- tances that riding might be made cheaper to them than walking, if only the public carriers were equal to the situation. Certainly, to at least 25 per cent of a population such as ours, time and bodily energy mean money, and riding is almost imperative. Passenger- carrying is therefore one of the most important institutions of our city life, and it will be useful to inquire into the provisions now made for it by public and private enterprise. It will be better still to go a little further and compare such provisions with those existing in Melbourne and Ade- laide. Of course large allowance must be made for the fact that those cities occupy comparatively level sites, whilst one of the chief charms of Sydney and the greatest difficulty to its traffic lies in its irregularities of surface - nature having placed hills and gullies where we find it necessary to make streets. It must also be remembered that Melbourne and Adelaide were laid out after surveying and engineering skill had begun to be applied to colonial thoroughfares, whereas Sydney was largely built to the alignment of kangaroo pads and dray tracks. It is necessary, first of all, to notice a marked difference between Melbourne and Sydney in the mat- ter of city and suburban railways. Sydney has only one terminal station in the city, and even that does not penetrate to the business centre. As a matter of fact, Sydney has no city railway; nor has it any system of suburban railways. The Illa- warra line, and the great trunk line, are, properly speaking, country lines, and the suburban traffic upon them is really an aftergrowth. On the other hand, Melbourne has three great terminal city stations, and a fairly developed suburban systom, including six short lines, ranging from 2½ to 9½ miles in length. This very important difference must, of course, affect the comparison in regard to all subsidiary means of traffic, and especially the traffic by tramways. As might reasonably be expected the tramways of New South Wales cover larger areas than those of Melbourne or Adelaide do, but this is the only point of superiority we can claim. The tramways of the three cities represent three different methods of traction. Adelaide is content to be primitive, and have her cars drawn by one or two of her own glossy well-fed horses - fed too on corn and hay of her own growing, which, of course, is a con- sideration, especially now that she is going in for further protection. This colony is a little in advance of the costly system of animal traction, but not much. We take our stand by steam- motors, and burn a lot of our own coal, to say nothing of the further quanti- ties, discharged through the so-called smoke-catchers. to find a lodgment on the seats, and in the passengers' eyes, ears, and habiliments. There is no disguis- ing the fact, one of the dirtiest, grimiest rides to be bought for money is a ride on the Sydney steam trams. Melbourne, ahead in this as in many other things, has gone in almost exclusively for " wire rope" traction sople idea of which may be gathered from the modest beginning with the same system we have made at St Leonards. It is by far the cleanest, pleasantest, and most economically worked of tho three systems. In the matter of fares, there is practically little difference between the three cities. In Mel- bourne and Adelaide the charge is uniformly 8d., except on the short sootion between Speucer Btroet and Prince's Bridge, where it is only Id. In this city the charge fer the first section on every line is 2d., and on some of the lines penny sec- tions follow. It is specially to be noted that, whilst it has been the policy of the Govern- ment of this colony to keep the tramway traffic of the city and suburbs in its own hands, the tramways of Melbourne and Adelaide are owned and managed by companies. This, no deubt, explains a great deal. But the discovery of this light on the matter does net afford much satisfaction, for ordinary faithfulness and skill, backed by the country's capital, ought to produce at least as good results as tho commercial spirit of private managers, hampered, as it must be, by greater limits of capital. Going back a step to the omnibus traffic of tho threa cities, we havo the satisfaction, so far as it goes, of finding Sydney ranking first. In so far as tram traffic has been developed, it has naturally taken the place omni- buses would have had to fill. In faot, the survival of our principal 'bus companies, and their ability to com- pete so successfully on the same routes with trams that aro backed by the country's capital, is at once a testi- monial to the companies' management, and censure on the Tiamway Department Ia comparing our omnibuses with those of Melbourne and Adelaide, it is enough to say that whilst the fares are practically the same-3d. for all ordinary routes, the other two cities have nothing in the omnibus line to compare with the large and comfortable omnibuses and presentable teams placed on the road by the " Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Company." It almost seems a pity that this company was only allowed to develop ono half of its original design, as set forth iu its name '' \- Getting back now to the starting point in the matter of cabs and cab fares, let it be said in all fairness, Sydney has a great many cabs and cab-horses that would do credit to any city in tho world. In this ïespect we have 'nothing to learn from Adelaide or Melbourno. Nor is there anything to be gathered from Adelaide in the matter of cheap riding, except on the single point of delimiting a small city contre within which cabby can only demand half tho shilling fare he despises so much amongst us. Melbourne,.however, Las many improvements to show ub. Passing by her remnant of hansoms, we may well open our eyes at her cab-sociables and the marvellously cheap rate at which they may be hired for private use, «r shared with other passengers. It seems almost beyond the imagination of a Sydney cab-rider that these cabs should be met with on all the principal' toutes of traffic, ruhning every few minutes at a three- penny fare ? Equally surprising is tho cheap rate at which these cab» may be hired. Three persons may enjoy the luxury of a private cab a whole hour for § ree shillings, or twelve hours for thirty shillings ! ere the regulation fsre for one or two porsons is four shillings for the fast hour, and the shortest ride costs one shilling. ' But the greatest grievance about cab-riding is one on which no colonial comparisons, not oven a reference to Melbourne, oan afford any light Regulation fares are one thing,; tho actual demands of the cabmen ¿re often a widely different thing. When you outer a Sydney cab, you notico under one of the windows a neàt little leather pouch, with gold lettering'to "the effect that 'you are to " Please take one." You recog- nise at once the thoughtfulness of the transit com- mission in providing tables of fares for tho pro- tection of the public But should you as a re- presentative of the publio dip your hand into tho aforesaid pouoh, ton to one if you do not find it empty. Ás to what your further experiences are likely to be, here is a"n unvarnished tale of the last threo cab rides in the city by an old resident ; nnd it is prefaced by a still richer experience be met with in a certain suburb, noted for its nondescript public conveyances and the Vretched hor<¡e-frames harnessed to them. This gen- tleman mounted tho box olí one of these vehicles, which was doing duty as a hackney, whilst two ladies of his acquaintance sat inside, occupying only1 one seat as it happened. At an early stage of tho short journey he prudently inquired the faro. The driver hesitated, and then hit upon a diversion. Turning to the ladios, he said in the richest Milesian: " Mijht I be so hould as to ask one of you ladies to »it on both ! Bides to tallang», the vayhiole?" Oao of tho ladies who had often ridden'in1'the same vehicle before, i.mmediately carried out the spirit of the drirer'a request by moving to the- unoccupied seat " Maybe ye'll know that lady," remarked the drivor to tho gentleman. " She's one of the ould sort. I druv her yesterday, and when sho got out she slipped half-a crown into me han'. ' What's this for ?' I says. ' Ah, get on wid yo, Mike,' Bays 6he ; ' it's little enough for a ride up them hills.' " The gentleman had his answer. Ho learnt Afterwards that tho proper faro was 6d.' The first of the throo city cab rido3 was between tho railway terminus and Circular Quay. It occupied 13 minutes, and cost 8s.'6d. The second was over tho samo routo, only taken the other way, and cost 8s. The third was from Circular Quay to the foot of Erskino-street, occupied 8 minutes, and cost 2s. Now it is all-very well to tell this gentlomen, as he bas boen told, that he is moro to blame than the cab- man who took his money, that he oi^srht to havo refused to pay,-and sent the proper fare, with full particulars of the attempted impositions, to the Transit Commissioners' Office. His defence is that in the first ca<e when he got out of the cab he found himself in the middle of a crowd rushing on to a steamer just about to put off. He handed the driver half-a-orovftt se as to be sure of a speedy and peaceful settlement. But to his horror cabby loudly expostulated with him for having kept back a shilling of the " usual fare from the railway." , He could not hope to set himself right with the orowd, nor could ho afford to miss his steamer. The only alternative was to hand out another shilling. In the other two cases ho confesses to having overpaid, as a precaution against annoyance. In the light of this fully authenticated pieoe of ex- perience, from a fairly shrewd city man, there i» too much room to believe the numerous 8toiie3 of oxcessive and sometimes insolent demands made upon ladies and strangors. On the other hand it would be simply an injustice if the civil and strictly honourable character of many of the drivers waa not also recognised. The worst of it is that the honest drivom, and in fact .tho whole travelling section of the community, are made to suffer at the hands of tho oyer-reaching drivers. Hundreds of people waste time every day, and expend strength unnecessarily, by trudging on foot, who would gladly patronise the cabmen and pay the liberal scale of fees without the slightest demur, if there wore any guarantee that in so doing thoy would meet with ordinary civility, As things aro, civility too of ton de- pends on doubling or trebling the fare ; cab-riding is reduced to the minimum, and large numbers of licensed drivers earn little or nothing. The cabman refuse to look at the matter in this light Their idea is that the remedy lies in restricting the license. This plan ha3 just been attempted in London. A deputation from, the Drivers' Union waited on the Home Secretary on July 29, stating that ,there were between l'i.OOO and 15,000 licensed drivers to 11,000 cabs, or, roughly stated, four drivers for every three cab3, and that, as a re- sult, cab-owners jvere able to demand from 14s. to I8s. a day as rent for each turnout. The Home Secretary etpressed sympathy with the drivers, but told the as plainly that such interference with the freedom of the individual could not be thought of. The Times, in» a leader, expressed sympathy in still stronger terms, and hinted .that the remody would be through tho less skilful and less ' deserving drivers dropping off to other work. But it was able to give tho London cabmen a much stronger testimonial than has ever been given to the drivers of any of our colonial oities. " No body of publio sorvants bas improved in a more remarkable manner than the London cab- drivors. The old school, with its faults of temper, and oharacter, and bibulous habits, has almost died out Only a fow survivors are to bo seen on tne boxos of four-wheelers. For the mojt part ths cabdrivors of London aro intelligent, honest, polite, and, to those who treat them fairly, reasonable in their demands." The Hues of this testimonial aro certainly the lines on which an immense oab traffic might bo developed in Sydney. We have at present some 1300 licensed drivers and 1100 cab«. The cabs aro none too many, and in this eight-hours-a-day city tho surplus two hundred drivers make none too laTgo a margin for relave, seeing that the ordinary cab hours last from 5 a m. to 10 p.m., to say nothing of after hours and cases of sickness and other emergencies. Given tho character described abovo as the prevailing charaater amongst our cabmen, and we should pay tho regula- tion chargea willingly, and the rapidly increasing traffic would ranks work for a much largor staff of drivers, who, instead of paying their 12s. a-day rent, might soon rise to the dignity cf driving their own cabs. Something might perhaps be done to hasten such a state of thiags by a little greater stringency in licensing. Compétent drivers may fairly ask to bo proteotod from having to compete with unscrupulous men whose chief reason for trying to get behind a cab is that they have fallen bohind at everything else. Gentlomen who largely use cabs might also do something by resisting unjust demands, whilst, of course, at the »ama time disdaining to'take advantage of the letter of- the law, whore special oireumstaacos require the regulation faro to be treated as a minimum rathol- than a maximum. But the whole quostion of tho city passenger traffio requires attention ; and if tho Government, represent- ing the people as a whole, will seo to its share in the matter, it will prove a stimulus to all that depends on private enterprise. Tho present Government began its administration with large promises ia this direction. Those promises were somewhat vasjuo, it is true, but they led to the most liberal expectations. The main trunk railway was to bo brought down to Circular Quay ; and the northern railway system was to cross tho harbsur on a bridge, or come under the harbour through a tunnel to meet it A system of circular rail- ways was to servo ousting suburb.», and help to form new one3 around its concentric rings. Won- derful revolutions were to starth», and for ever end their chronic complaints of the tramway travellers. Well, the Government will soon be through its first year ; yet of any of theso wonderful things we soo not a ghost of a sign. The poop'e did hope that the tramvray quostion, at least, would have l)03ii treated as urgent It wa3 reported, in fact, that from several quarters definite offers had boon made by capitalists to talco over the whole concern, with guáranteos that it should bo worknd on modern principles, But ovidently the Government's intention was immeasurably better, for all tho offers were deolinod. Meanwhile the tramway officials seem to have joined the publio in waiting for the promised revolution. Moro frequently than over the trafilo is interrupted and delayol Quarter-miles of cars may often bo soon on parade at the Liverpool- street or Hunter-streoD corner, with tho officials almost helpless for lack of appliances to right the simplest accidont, and largo crowds of delayed passongevs doniandinç, in the intervals of irrepressible " language," some moro modorn system of city traffic. Tho result of the inquiry is only increased emphasis for the charge that the vehicle traffic of Sydney is out of all keeping with tho require- ments of the population, and entirely bohind the times. Tho actual cost of conveyance by cab3 Í3 simply pro- hibitivo, and as ? far the provision made by omnibus companies, it is on so s nail a scale as scarcely to afford much satisfaction. Nor must the fact bo overlooked, that noithor oab propietars nor omnibus companies havo displayed much ingonuity in thuir catering for tho public comfort The liret cab and the first omnibus tnat ever went on wheels seem to havo furnished imperishable .patterns, and the departures from the wisdom of the anoients havo boan exceptional and strictly moderate. Why should not a spark of genius fall upon (ho brain of a designer of publio cenvoy ancoî ? The comfort of ovory min, woman, and child in the community might be sorvod" by it As for the share of blame resting upon the tramway authorities, it amounts to this, that with ampio publio fund« at their back, and eight long years fer their practico, their highest resulta are utterly inadequate. their best de- signs aro almost oflbto ; and ovon thoir administration is voxatiously tentative and unsettlod. An eminent English statistician, Mr. Giffen, of the BoarJ of Tiado, has ooinpiled (says an English con- temporary) tables which show in part the enormous sums sent back to the United Kingdom to tho relatives an d friends of emigrants who have gained humes in tho United States. From 1818 to 1835, both yoars inolusivo, there was forwarded from Amorioa through certain banks and mer- cantile houses Io5,0'i2,035dol., a largo' part of which eventually parsed into the pookets of Irish landlords. In tho last six yoars covered by tho tahlo tho contributions were (rreatly increased, tho annunl avorago being 7,425,174dnl. Of courso tho stutsment is incomplete, for certain bankers declined to furnish the required infor- mation, and a great deal of monoy has rosohod Ireland from America without going through the hands of bankers. Tho average annual amount remitted from Australian colonies chico 1875 has boon only 289,000dol. Wells' Haib Balsam.-If groy, restores to original colour. An decant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil or gi ease. A tonio restorative, btsps hair coming out. strengthens, cleanses heals soalp.-[Auvr.l . I 