A Further Chat ah out JLytton. (From odii SrEoui, OouuBsroNUBNT). Nothing of u very instructive or intorostiiiK «hainot«r was icupanod to th« forces bujiond sncli drill »8 ihny might havo oUainud ut their ri'«p8odvn districts up till Friday lnsr, which proved thb. day ?f tho show, thi- Governor »ud his suito honoring thu camp with ihoir prt'Ronoo. The morning work onusistad of st««/-y drill frtr all hands oxcipUiiR '«,he Gympio mounted men aud tlm Wido Bhv rogimmiti),' n ho woro loin i/it r,n ao i-sooct; duty and form a yuard of honor respectively. Sufficient nvidenoa whs given by tho uppear.mco of iho men, horses, and accoiitiouii nls, to titovii that iho inonnt.-d inoii had got thumstilvHS up f.irthi) oRoasiuu. Lieuton ?nt Pollock, zoiilous as ho ov. r has been for lh« benefit of his corps, was in high ppirit ovor thu honor oonfenvd, and warm ing woll to his work, fortnod u splendid line, ohosing for his horaes and men such positions as most suited thorn, and when iho Governor advanced thu company ti'Vo tho suhi'o in a stylo worthy of a body of old s.ildiurs ; and imraediai'ly. taking up thi'ir position escorted tiis Excdlency nnd ?'iiitu to thtiir quartor3, whero tho Wide Bay llopiinent was drawn up in splendid ino, th« men being tho pick of tho roui inont. Y..-u will doubtluss have Eoen by the Courier in what wutm terms of appro bation HiB Esoolloncy addressoH tho men, and I need only add that tho general p.iUic express tho same opinion rognrding both companies. The usual official inspection of troops was nir.di) nftnr lunohoon, and then followed tho March Past ; tho Mounted Infantry leading, tho Moreton, Buhdaborg, and Beenloigh boing front, divisions, Gympio at, tho rear — ii most un satisfactory position to sneuro a good and sternly march pi.sr, us a walk iu front means u Ii or. at ronr, and acunteragullop, making it very difEautt to form good lines with spirited horses j however,' tho company muiingoil to score woll, the Bnudaberg men alsoBhowing very good drill and lwrauman ship. Tho infantry weie not nearly so etoady ao last year iu thoir marchin;?, some o itnpanios beiog very irr ?gtilir. B Oom pany kept up ira reputation, nlthough tli-iy also fell short of ihoir last year's march p.st. Tho most ro^nlar aud solid corps of iho whole field was the Naval Briga Io. This company is tho bt.st drilled i:i all t,) spocia. The iliii^iiiooi8 enmo next; tny uro a fino body of men and did their work woll. On tho coniplo'iou of the official in spection thu various companies woie ianrohnd off to thoir rcspeotive po-i'ions tor a sham light; the Wi.io B.y Regiment, to tho river uoxt to the fort. ; tho mounted mon to the Brisbane side of Lytton, and ill' 2nd Hegimout and Batteries below ih-- camp and facing the flat. The uuuboats -itoamedaway ,i long distance; I ho forts were nunned,aud tho sui.maiiuouiiues got ready. Thu first eho s wero tired by ihu om my frum L.nd, tho Mounted Infmitry, who by this time had so concealed thorns.)! vos thtt it was impossible to see thorn, their uui forms doing them good service Thoir fire, bowov. r, W'S commenced too soon to prove efFt;oti1ul, iib they could easily h-ve advauced another 400 yards boforo using their oirbinos. The 1st 11- giin m thiMi ndvanoud .md smitun immonse volume of smoke at, the onumy. Both cumpaiiios kept advancing until wi hia closu range of each oilier, tbo infantry charging with lixed bayonets. Tho Mount^-ds then m coived thu order to retire Prior to this soinoi.no oiderod the horsi-s from tho io mrkably secure poaitiuu ocoupiod, placing them under iho raking lire not ouly of the i-ifnuiry but iiIbo of tho batteries, who t..ok ?ho opportunity of planting tlmir 04 pounduiB which, if iu noti'm, would have 1 1 nd the effect of killini; evory horse in thu ranks, and leaving their riders ut their mercy. Tho volleys lir^d by the infantry wore most irroguliir, iib also by tho mounted on i he right ; tho left (Gympiu) division's volleys on tho other hand were excellent. Tho ambulunce corpB weio ut work on. the field carrying off tho woundod, and mani pulated their patients in a masterly tninnor, binding wounds, etc., and setting broken arms and legs with tho riilas of tho patients. It is said that whon this corps culled on someone 'to tumble over after j'ou fire that shot,' at least a dozen woll known mou mod mon fell, but as the stretcher will only hold one the other dis appoiutod and breathless individuals hud to fight on until tho next ambulance wag gon came along. Tho Wide Bay mim were h.wiug a pionio on tho river bank, en trenched iu the lifL) pita, during this military display ; but thoir turn now came, and without a doubt thoy hud made up their minds to finish up tho Gayundah.and all tho other gunboats if possible, aa volley after volley tiied in Bplondid stylo poured into the boats as they came' within rani-e. Tho fort then openod firo with ita big guns, Iho Permanent Battery also from a point on tho right hand side of oami'R, the umohitio-KunB were sot going, and tl.o sub murino mines (3 in numbot) woio explciUd on tho approaching vtsaek; tho whole uffair giving ono ut loaBt a good idea of what such attuoks must be iu uctual war f.iro. Unfortunately, on this ocousion the fi^ht did not end iu tmoko, aB it was iu this aotion that tho two puor followB from Maryborough were ao badly injured through an oxplusion on buiird tho Bouito. Tho Wide Bay llugimt-nt wus orderud for outpost duly on the same evening, but the performance was only partially k'»° through, no duty boiug doneafier 12 p.m., to which neither men nor ufliauvj objooted, us tho ni^ht wus very oalcl. Saturday murping was, as_ usual, ant iisido for oompotilions, but this year the only oompoliiion was for volloy QriiiK, which was wun by our B Company with a Boore of 61. In the afturuoun the sports were eniorod into with considerable spirit, outriuB for all the eventu filliim up wull. As I have already udvised by wire, tho G-ympie mini again took the Gyuikana race, uo one else having tho ghost of a bIiow iu it, M'Lood winning easily with Lour oIosh tit ^uud, Bort\vi8tle thiid, Oupkbi^ru founh, nnd some oilier Gympio man fifth, In tin) lUK-of-war our Mounted Infantry | iii.-n mado u sorry show, but iho B Com pauy Blood to it like Trojans. Jn the horse raeo, Jumiesou rodo ?- good third, anil Oookburn fuuith. There aro flume strange things done hore in the way of issuing orders, which some times load to a little unpleaeaut feeling,. \T ? _ ? ^T^ Ciiptain Huriicks was tho viotim of Borne thinitnf this kind. It appoais iho gullunt oip nin wiib duly app .unod Provisional LVlajir, ami at tlu- ny-ns u\ble was cumpli metited in such a manner as no ono tilso but our Captain Ferguson ca.i do. Captain Utricles roturned th.nks for tho honor ho lad received, nnd the goad . wishiiB Iho company showered on him, and all wore plunsoil with, the appointment, when Io ! information was t c:-ivo-l lhar it wns only intindiid thai, the appointment should bu a temporary, ono tor tho purposes of this camp— raihor nnooyiug afier allowing a. man to fool the possession of suoh honors, and receiving such congratulations. . During tho camp roiuo of the ollioors in command have had reason to lock up ono or two membern for bro.ioh of discipline. ' Major ' Harrioks and Oaplain Pureer had a 'few nharp words on the field. Purser, thinking Harrloks had retired, gave orders to his company. Harrioks, hearing it, gavo Purser a sharp rebuke for isBtiing oi-dors to tho company whilst hia suporior was in oommand. Cuptaia Pursor hud mado up his mind to resign, but again .Captain Ferguson camo to the rescue and oemuuted the brokdn friendship over, a glasa of wine. The departure ot the Wide Bay troops his dpniled tho sham fight on Monday, and ouly about half r tho country will bo traveraod Io what wub originally intended. Oaplain Ferguson uud his Lieutenants weru great favorites and shared iho good wishes of ull the volunteers. The Captain's hospitality created quite a name for him self. In addition to being honored with tho pou'iion of Junior Mojor during camp, ho was aelootad to fill the post ofjudi^o with Mil j or Dos Vcoux in the volloy tiring. Ou the departure of the Wido Bay Regi ment Colotml French referred in the very highuB*. terms of praise to the men, and the uiaiinor in which thoy had acquitted them solves ; and the mounted mon agaia camo iu for fresh praises. Throughout o«mp the nights were spent ri»ht morrily, (ires lighted here and there, with largo parties surrounding them sink ing and reciting until such time as the t-ugle sounded ' lights out.' I might mention that J. J, E. Stewart's cask of ale and O. Ouffu'a whiBkey wero thoroughly onjoyed, and put evory one in the right fruino of mind lor amusement at the proper time. Tlio ono thing to be regretted is that Captain Pultorson could not take charge of his company and share some of the honors. Ho has been in camp all tho time, and although apparently inactive, has showed tho greatest mterost m all that was done. It is to be hoped that next year all the same old officers will again moet and spend us happy u time as they hive on this occa sion. Sergeant Shiinahan and his mon deaorve credit for tho matmor in which the Mounted Iufantry horaea were deli vuroa. Shunahan hn.B heon particularly aotivu iu his duties, and is au ablo assistant to anyone in com mand. 