\- A.. t ,the " llModel.' 't" It was my lIck to pass the night once at. the IModel Ldging Houe;'oi?.i'asithasbi-, tu(b affectionately term it, the;'"IModel." It is a large brick building,'at the top of Lit tle Bourke t, east,' and looks like an ornao mental gaol, 'ora workhouse.. erTher' are' two entrances-onefor; the 'upper classes, one for the'lower orders. I took the first. I was always fond'of mixing with the' aria tocracy. . A number of dilapidated noble men were making their way to a little of fice with a ticket- window in the aide of it?. I followed respectfully in their wake. We waited a long time for the ticket-window to open, which at last it did, and we crowded up to it. A young man with a florid face and a yellow moustache told us in peremp tory tones to "keep back," and we did. SI was astonished to see those haughty aristocrate quail before his glance and slink into the shadow, as if they were afraid of him. Miy blood boiled within me as I saw this humiliating sight, and I was advancing boldly to the window to tell .him my opin ion of him in. terms 'bf withering sarcasm when one of his minidos-a miscreant with tonzled hair. and a cast in his eye--caught me by the collar and twisted me into the crowd again. "Wait for your turn,' he growled, "or you won't get no bedat all." ..' ,..1 I "Where have I got to; and what ,have I done I" I asked myself. '"Is this a refuge for decayed burglars, and ani. I one of themo!' i For a moment I thought I wis,' and looked suspiciously ,around at my oo panlnsstdo see if thjishoei-ed anysigns of crime in their faces that 'would confirm me in my iellef. But no; they all seemed decent, ifTaomo ' what depressed, gentlemen, and I graduallj blecame reassured as to my; own;respecta STheh it slowly dawned uponme that they were merelyunfortunate, and that was why the young'man with the florid face and the .yellowmoustache: was so, harsh. and im' peri , and ..the imisncreant,witli 'touzled hair anda cross eye acted 'towards mein the 'way he did.- One by one these relies of ai stately past filed up to the window and paid their shillinga, casting wistful 'glances at them as they disappeared into the till, and got the numbers of their beds. ' My turn came at last and I paid for mine, intending to c.rl up the young man behind the window with one scorching sentence, buthed looked so fierce that (I am ashamed i to say it) I merely took my'number and ab. la jectly sneaked'away. . ? :' Beforel weiit'tbobed, however,' I strolled hr srnn'd'to '?e wlit'kind' of a show the lower a' classes hiad: s."S, +...S.:+ in ,? : Ou":e'.etiane'had:'soveral fernitunips in Y( itoniie had thkee' frondsa' prouting-and 0a looked something like the mouth of 'i grotto at which had fallen upon evil daysr but theirs tl was like a tunnel leading into a tomnb fullof ti dea'men, very coldm and yawning for more. . 't1 I'Theypaidonly sixpence for their beds- a that was the difference. ' I' ounted thirty of them standing in a long, patient row, like men waiting their turn to be executed. Many of them, I re gret to say, were old men who, no doubt, a had at one time happy firesides of their own, and smiling chilaien gathered round them. Now, clad in thin, tattered garments, un. shorn, dishevelled, shivering--they huddled together, waiting to pay, perhaps, their last I sixpence for a place to rest their aged bones in. t It was a sad, sad sight. But what was the dismal legend, written in wrinkles, punctuated with pimples, and illustrated with blood-shot eyes on the bloated faces of each of these old men , • Drink ! : Liquor had brought them to this. Liqubr had wrecked their honies, ruined their lives, besotted their intellects, :and was sending them at a tottering gallop to pan: pere' graves. Now I think I will go oiitand take a drink. Habh That's better. I lost a lot of fun, I am told, by not going to the quarters of the lower orders. \- There, so those who have tridd them say, the night is one long circus and nigger en tertainment combined. The beds are ranged ein a row in wards just as in a hospital. .A man who slept in one of them once told me that he had to tie his boots to his ankles ' and lie awake the whole of the night watch ing over the res? of his property. In the grey still hours of the dawn he found an old man of patriarchal appearance, whom he had become greatly interested in during theearly t of the night on account fi his mild'and gsntlemnsly manner; trying to' cutthe .laces,'ohif leaoota which bound them to his ankles, . ' " ".Poor.old man l.: Hisknife was a bad one, with only half a blade, and he coughed asth. matically as "hd savwed away at. the laces. My informant 'said a wave of pity swept over himi as' he: saw `this :venerablo gentle man distiessi? z himself over obtaining such a poor prize, 'eo"he untied the laces. and offered him the hoots. ' . The old-gentleani alid away like a ghost, Ho did not ninid; tealing, but he could not bear the thought of accepting charity. , There are some minds so delicate and proud that the smallest thing hurts them. f I went to bed'at'last'in a little' room' by myself, withl a little chest of draweis in it, and a notice on the walls intimating that if I attempted to smoke I ,would 'be ' 'im mediately expelled." I neversmoke in bed, but suddenly a fierce desire seized me to do so after reading that notice. But a heavy footfall sounded in the raised corridor outside, and a face looked over my open windows and then passed on.': " It was the face of a watchman. I concluded not to smoke. That wretched watchman kept plnainhg - up and down, so it seemed to me, f.heawhole of the night.. : I believe he had seven pounds of iron on the soles of each boot, and that it was put there for the purpose of keeping the un fortunate lodgers awake. Then at seven o'clock in the morning, when I had jest dropped off into a'gentle doze,' in which I dreamt of ducking for sovereigns in a bucket of whisky, anothel rmufian began to beat= a gong as hard as. if Gabriel'was sick and he had taken his place to call up the dead. \- I roseup muttering maledictions, and, after watingt half an hour!to. get my turn at"a mangy. brish, cleaned, my boots, and went out into the cold morning air mad enough, but also glad that I had survived my night at the "Model." ' 