cPdX^eto^ LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent. London. October 5. 1887. At the West End clubs and most other resorts of masculine society the one topic of conversation just now is the 'New inquisition' of the 'New journalism.' ? ? Where will this sort of thing end V asks Jones of Robinson, ' and what is to become of the so called sanctity of onr private life?' The role of editors has hitherto been to comment freely upon any private story made public by public action being taken in the courts or else where, but to respect private life as long and as far as was humanly possible, and above all to respect and to shield the re pntation of women. The PaU Mall Gazette appears to care nothing for the latter, or indeed for anything, save the end the editor has in view. Just at present that end happens to be to drive Colonel Hughes-Hallett, as he drove poor Dilke, out of the House of Commons. Well, no one wishes to defend the colonel, who from all accounts seems to be a blackguard of the first water. At the same time I proteet against a man's social offences being raked up and used against him. for political purposes. If such warfare Is once permissible, which of us will be safe ? This is the talk yon usually hear. Sometimes perhaps a man will take up the cudgels for Mr. Stead, and discourse grandly of the editor of the P.M.G.'s ' glorious attempt to cleanse the Augean stable of the upper classes.' But he meets with little sympathy. It is in point of fact once again Sir. Stead, the Salvation Army, and a few 'cranks,' against the rest of the press and society at large. What might happen if the Pall Mall Gazette's modes and weapons were indeed introduced into political warfare Mr. G. R. Sims amusingly suggests in the fol lowing par. from a journal of the future : — 'The utmost activity prevails among the Separatist Party. Several seats are likely shortly to be wrested from the Unionist Party. A staff of private de tectives have discovered that the Unionist member for SloBhington has taken a lady, who is not his wife, to the promenade con certs, afcd his Unionist resignation is to be demanded. The cook of the member for Muddleham, who has been dismissed for drunkenness, has also placed some impor tant information respecting her master's moral character in the hands of the Separatist chiefs, and this will be published in their London organs. Some startling details may be expected, and the honor able member will be driven out if possible. The Unionist member for Waterloo place has been seen by one of the party's private detectives conversing with a clergyman's daughter who promenades in that locality, and has been folloioed. His wife has been informed of the circum stance, and the clergyman's daughter has been interviewed by the special reporter. Another scandal may safely be relied upos, and the seat will be captured. To allay all nervousness on the part of the Separatist Party, a private intimation has been forwarded to them that no enquiries will be made into their private affairs. The object of this new crusade is strictly a moral one, but will always be conducted in the interests of the political party to which the promoter belongs. No friend of that party need give himself the slightest uneasiness.' The ' scandal of the day' Mr. Sims defines as 'The new journalism,' and then goes on to make the following com ments : — ' The old proverb about people in glass houses might now and then sug gest itself to the non-unionists who are being served by the latest departure in trial by newspaper. There are very few of us who could risk our private lives being dragged into the light of day. The past of most men has something in it that they would not like the world to see, If the game of politics is to be played on this line — if our skeletons are to be dragged frcm their cupboards, there are not many men who can fling their cupboards open and say to the Paul Prjs, 'Search, and be hanged to you !' The world is full of sin and misery, and the great drama of human life is played out amid scenes of trial and temptation. The Gospel of Christ teaches us to recognise this, and He who knows the hearts of all men besi bade us beware how we hounded our neighbors down and took the task of judging them upon ourselves. ' Let him that is without sin among you cast the first store,' said the Divine Master. If the battle of politics is to be fought eut on the new lines some of the political supporters of the new crusades will have to keep their hands in their breeches pockets when the stone throwing begins. That is, if the Divine precept is obeyed. The worst of opposing this new inquisition is that one is charged with defending immorality. But the people who placard London with the unearthed scandals of private life forget that they do not only injure the wrong doer ; they injure his friends, his re lations, his children. A man's name belongs not only to himself. When it is publicly besmirched the mud clings to all who bear it. Grant that the man ought to think of this himself first. There is still this to be said, that family matters can very well be left to the members of the family to arrange among themselves. If the actual sufferers bear their sorrow in silence, it ill becomes strangers to howl it from the housetops. The mischief that this sort of thing may do, not to the guilty, but to the innocent, is incalculable. And, even worse than that, there is a danger that, by the very brutality of their action, the would-be moralists create sympathy with immorality.' The two-year- old brother to Ormonde, a very handsome colt called Oasory, will make its debut next week in the Middle Park Plate. The Duke of Westminster visits Hewmarket specially for the occa sion. Great things are expected from a novel called 'Poor Nellie,' by the brilliant author of ' My Trivial Life and Misfor tune,' which waa bo successful two years ago. Mudie alone has subscribed for 300 copies (800 vols ). Madame Patti has no notion of lagging superfluous on the stage she has for 20 years so splendidly adorned, and will finally retire in 1889. She expresses great contempt for performers who, after bidding the public farawell with, any amount of fuss, reappear d la Bistort. It may therefore be taken for granted that her valedictory tour of Europe and the States will be final. Patti's last appear ance on any stage will almost certainly be at Covent Garden in either 'LaTraviata' or 'II Barbiere.' Amongst the lot of yearlings of her own breeding sold by M. Manton (the Dowager DuchesB of Montrose) to her rival, Lord Calthorpe, last summer were the two crack fillies, Seabreeze and Satiety, who have between them pretty well swept the board this season. At Newmarket last week Seabreeze added three more valuable stakeB to her winning score. Moreover, the dark Bister to Heloise, Thebais, and Clairvaux, who was also in cluded in this lucky purchase, is said to be even better than the cracks named. Lord Calthorpe, however, made a sad mistake when he considered the weedy colb by Isonomy — In Bounds was not worth training, and sent it forthwith into the sale ring. John Porter picked the youngster up for a trifle, and christened him Mon Droit. The colt has developed into quite as smart a. two-year-old aa either Seabreeze or Satiety, and already won close on £3,000 In stakes. The Duchess's luck was certainly out when she sold Seabreeze, Satiety, Devotie, and V on Droit for £6,000. Any one of these anlmala would now fetch that sum eauly. Despite the magnificence of the scenery and mounting, and AeiiresisableMiinfB 'pretty' acting as Perdita, 'AWintert Tale' haa not 'caught on' at the Lyceum, ana Gilbert's comeay, 'The Wicked World,' has been hurriedly pat in re hearsal. This yon may - remember was the last of the famous series of fairy ploys at the Haymarket initiated by m ' The Palace of Truth.' It was produced on January 4, 1873, and ran just a year. The piece would not, however, have achieved this success but for the author's brilliant parody, 'The Happy Land,' which re-acted on It. To appreciate the one people had to see the other. Miss Anderson will, of course, play 'Selene,' and ForbeB Robertson 'Ethaia.' By the-way, although Miss Anderson denies a tmdresse for her handsome jeune premier, it is distinctly noticeable that her mimic love-making is less frigid with him than it has ever been with any one else. ** Ruddigore' shows signs of giving out at the Savoy, and the long-talked-of revival of 'Pinafore' is said to be pend ing. The extraordinary popularity of '?Dorothy' has always been a mystery to me. Nevertheless it is popular. Oa Thursday evening last, when the opera completed what the management call ' its first year's run,' there wasn't a seat in the house to be had for love or money. Alto gether ' Dorothy' has drawn, it is said, £55,731 5s i and some odd pence. Not a bad twelvemonth's takings for a small house, eh? The production of Celliet's ' Sultan of Mocha' at the Strand does not seem destined to set the Thames on fire. It may, however, run through the autumn. The music is generally pronounced melo dious but lacking in individuality, and the libretto is feeble. The betting at Lillie Bridge on the occasion of the abortive footrace between Eutchens and Gent was so strongly sug gestive of a ' double cross' that the account given by the two pedestrians of the men who threatened them with knives, and eventually drove them off the ground, has been coldly, not to say scep tically, received. Neither, at any rate, can show in public for some time to come, These *? double crosses' are very awkward, and apt to lead enterprising scoundrels into most uncomfortable messes. At Newmarket in the spring, you may re member, there was a famous match in which both horses were 'running to lose.' The betting was so suspicious that the jockeys were cautioned by a Jockey Club steward at the starting-post and had to ride straight. In consequence a well known confederacy dropped, it was said, £10,000. Lord Rodney gave young Robinson £500 for his ride on Kilwarlin. The hitherto unbeaten two-year-old, Satiety, after carrying off ten races in succession, was easily defeated at Man chester by Lord Londonderry's Hazel hatch, by Hermit — Hazeldean. Mrs. Henry Wood's posthumous novel, 'Lady Grace,' is, I regret to have to say, a very indifferent work, quite un worthy 'Johnny Ludlow' or the author of 'East Lynne.' It begins well, but fades away feebly to nothing. Another story from this pen will run through the Argosy next year, B. L. Farjeon provides the Christmas number of Good Words, and Sarah Tytler that of the Sunday Magazine. Arrowemith's annual will be a story by Walter Besant entitled 'Kate Regina.' j Atalanta, the new magazine for girls i between 10 and 17, contains the opening chapters of a promising little story by Mr, Rider Haggard. It Is called 'A Tale of Three Lions,' and relates some thrilling experiences In South Africa of our old friend Hunter Quatermain. In the initial portion we are carried off to the goldfields of Pilgrims' Rest in the Transvaal, and j learn how Quatermain and his son Harry j after months of despairing labor in a seemingly worked- out claim come upon a pocket of virgin nuggets. 'The Gaveroeks,' which is incom- j parably the best of the many novels Mr. Baring Gould has at present in hand, will be published in three volumes next week. ' The Deemster,' Hall Game's new novel of old-world Manx life, will be published next month in three volumes. It has attracted a lot of attention whilst running through the provincial papers in serial form. Chatto & Windus have in hand ' English Newspapers,' contributions to the history of journalism by H. R, Fox Bourne : ' Half-hours with the Best Novelists of the Century,' choice readings from the finest novels by H. T. Mackenzie Bell ; Swinburne's new poem ' Locrine ; a Tragedy;' and 'The Folk-lore of Plants,' by Mr. Thistleton Dyer. The Gentlcma?t 's annual will consist of a complete tala called 'The Golden Hoop,' by T. W. Speight, the clever author of 'The Mysteries of Heron Dyke ;' whilst Belgravha, annual will as usual be made up of a number of short tales. Next year ' Undercurrents,' by Mrs. Argles (author of 'Phyllis,' &c;), and 'The Blackhall Ghosts,' by Sarah Tytler, are to be the serials in Belgravia. The Pall Mall Gazette seems particularly anxious to bring home the charge of plagiarism to Rider Haggard. It has now discovered that 'Allan Qaatermain' is nothing more than a vamped np revision of Dr. Mayo's ' Kaloolah,' an American romance published some 20 years ago. To enable the great British public to judge for themselves Routledges have brought out » new edition of 'Kaloolah' similar in price, form,, and binding, to *' Allan Quatermain.' It i3 really a very readable story, and should be popular with admirers of this style of work. By the way, Cassells have just published a delightful Dlustrated edition of 'Kid- napped.' 