British and Foreign Bible Society. ANNUAL MEETING OF THE HtWTEft ; | RIVER AUXILIARY. On Monday evening, the annual meeting of tua Hunter River Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in tho Maitland School of Arts. There was a large attendance, including many ladies. A choir composed of members of various church choirs rendered several pieces of concerted music during the evening and contri- buted much to the interest of the proceedings. Mr. John Rourke, President of the Auxiliary, was in the chair ; and, after the choir (which had boen trained and was conducted by Mr. G. J. Eldridge) had sung the Hundredth Psalm, called on the Rev. J. Hopkins to read a portion of Scripture. The rev. gentleman selected part of Isaiah x1. The Rev. J. Benvie offered prayer. The C HARMAN apologised for the absence of the Rev. W. H. H. Yarrington, who had been obliged to leave to attend a clerical meeting in Newcastle in the afternoon, whence he would proceed to Sydney, to fulfil an engagement. And the Rev. W. BROUQH apologised for the absence of the Rev. T. D. Warner, who had written in reply to the invitation that he had a parish meeting to attend, called to settle a vexed question. The Choir sang an anthem. The Rev. W. BROUOH, one of the Secretaries, | submitted the Treasurer's roport. There ought, ho said, also to have been a Secretaries' report, but that report was not ready. The Secretaries could not give a correct roport until they received all the necessary information from the up-country branches. That information they had not yet re- ceived. That was partly the reason why no roport was ready. But it would bo supplied intime to bo duly printed in the largo annual report which would be by and by distributed. The Committee had not been idle. It had branched out in various direc- tions. It intended to start a branch at Clarence Town, another one at the Paterson, and another at Greta or Lochinvar. He (Mr. Brough) had also visited the up-country branches; at Scone the work had been rather flagging, but they had begun afresh ; had formed a now committee, and had or- ganised a staff of collectors. At Murrurrurundi, the like course had been taken. At Muswellbrook the same old vigour was still displayed. The annual meeting was the largest he had ever witnessed in a country town, and for the past ten years ho had been more or less connected with the work of the Society (hear, hear.) They had a special choir, as there was at the meeting that night, but of course the assembly was not as large as that. He waa glad that Maitland had the largest meeting. He hoped that next year tue building, with the extra space to be added, would be too small for the attendance. For that was the annual meeting of the greatest society that exists in the world. They would seo what the committee had done, and what was proposed, in the report to be supplied and printed at about the end of the month, or at the beginning of June. Ha would read th». Treasurer's statement, as follows : Ike hen. trmturar in uccou»t outrtnt frith ViaN.Jt. MwäÜalft of tit» Brui* and Avefcis mit Soviet* Dft ISM. «ty 1«-To Belan» lu Baal N. a. W«le«.......... £9* It I 1»- Collection «t publio meetln*. f 17 * »»- StbfcrlpUon from «V V. Thoni]»«>n, £ fan» li- Donation trorniCrtjNtiatou, Barraba 10 9 t|- Free oentrtbutioa, MtawtUbroo* _ branch »._...r....... M 0 I »Otk 1»- Pre» oquUibuUoo, eforoetu «nd Sin ton branch.-_. 1© . 19 isfr. J«». 16-* ,,I*eholr«»"»one»r»x. 110 «a« »- SubaoripUoni collected by «1«Blair ti 2 « ft- Buoacriptfont collected by MIM u _ Benv»,. l8 Qfi %> 8- BuÄcrlptionn coUcctad by Miel Kite Froctortnd Jtlns Hughe*.. I» *. » «V- «ascriptions OftlUcted b» JttH* »mitra« «nd Ml» !»wj%. #* !. O ft- a»le of Scriptures (0 dag.,»<.... 17 . . grm lB>« «tay «-Te batano« in Bur&ot; *. (fii frajWj.j.^ «9| 4 f 188« °* .tay M-By V. T. Foflllona af4btn6.6^ ¡¿9- Dimmocklg aciounfro.»...»,« » w^. A 10 t 29- Tipper's account.m».»-m~.m-n tU I 31- Merauri cti#*4biali....*«..«*_- |H o 1- Stamped okequt rgg>» 4* JO i «YB4 exchange, . .«»..,».. »».«.».-.. O' « * July 23- TEV.«j S3- Puroha* ."*r~\, ,. -, - -??, - - 99 9 « 1887\. . . o . . Mar. 14- IKercirfotaca«Qoatt,«^.......-......., lil 14- T. DimmocM* aeoan«,....-.-> « 10 t Mar 8- W. T I'ollton'i .ar»aat.._^.^,P^-» » 10 1 8- Kent oPhall ef Banoal « «Yrtt....«-... til 8- Dakin« in Baa» (f«.^, |T|Í««M 8» 1« » *. ¿lit II 1* Sa* SOrti fr«*,ti«af*rw. Auditedandiound^r«^^^ fa AL«». ViMuiioa.r aVadifca» Since the account» h»d been «Ade tp ft eura of ¿86 8s had been received fttbm Hi«» Ttrrnep, «nd tfine« Edie and Daisy Bourka had «oOeCteâ t» thai» money box the sum of «El S» 7|dL The balanoa sheet was not completa, eaoause neither Soon« n«r Murrurundi had yet sent ia last year's receipt», and collections had Iffeen made last Week wad ¿hi» week. But all would b« found ¿A tbQ ftnauai report when it carne out. * " The choir sang Sankey collection. » . The Eev. Josunr Ho**ra0 ttta«el-"That' th« report understood to be ¿ortheotalag, together with the Treasurer's statement, tie «idopted, and that both be printed ft» circulation ; and, while thanking all those friends by whose aid this auxiliary and the paront society has been enabled to maintain and extend it3 work during another year, and earnestly looking to them for the con- tinuance of such help, this meeting humbly ex- presses its gratitude to Almighty God for the success that has boen granted to the Society's labours in the past, and its entire dependence upon His guidance and blessing for the future." After making a humorous complaint that in the absence of the report ho was deprived of his text, the rev. speaker went on to say that nevertheless there was a little of the text left, of which a poor preacher might make use. He was exceedingly glad to be there that night, to take part in tho operations of a society whose object was the circula- tion of the Bible through the whole w«rld, in order that ever human being might bo able to read, in his own tongue, of the wonderful works of God. That was the aim of the British and Foreign Bible Society. It took this for granted-that every human being has a right to have the Bible. Tho Bible was freely distributed in the lands over the sea, and in the lands wherein we dwell. Nevertheless, the leading principle of the British and Foreign Bible Society was this, and it was a grand one that every human being ought to have the Bible. Why ? Because the Bible tells what every human being should know about God. No man can get to know about God unless ho has the Bible. That is the revelation which tells him that God so loved the world that He sent His only begotten Son to be man's Eedeomer. Only in the Bible could man get satisfactory information concerning the Holy Spirit, so that he might say intelligently "I believe in tho Holy Ghost." Only in the Bible can man get satisfactory information concerning his origin. And of the grand possibi- lities of humanity, or of his future destiny, where can he learn, apart from the teaching of the Word of God ? That every man and woman has a right to know all that can be known about God was what the Bible Society declared. That Bible Society was a very young institution compared with some other institutions. Yet it had done a wonderful work. Although they had not their little report, the big report of the Society had been issued-the report of last year's work. It told of the circulation of the Word of God in 250 or 2C0 tongues or dialects, carrying the light of truth and the light of salvation. Thousands of men and women, dwelling in the dark places of the earth, the dark places of cruelty, received this light. They could not tell of the evils prevented, the good done, the Bufferings assuaged, and, tile hopes awakened by the circulation of the Bible. That Book had been given by God to His human family, and no doubt it was His good pleasuro that men should read His will, that they might know what God waa, and what He required of them. There- fore the British and Foreign Bible Society was in touch with God, and in sympathy with His gracious purposes and designs concerning man- kind, when it desires and intends to circulate the Scriptures far and wide, until allpoople shall have in their hands God'» written Word. The Bibl« had been in some sort in the possession of the children of mSn fconi »lie tery earliest days. It was not whitten, Sut ¿t wa» in existence. God made a *etelfction ot His »arl io Abel ; hfihce Abel differed horn Oin. It wat batter far that mon and women should b» Ifka Abel rathe« than Tike Cain-that .»a» ia respect te character1. J» wa* th« Bible that wcujd make the difference > the revelation of the wiU of God received intelligently and worked out prmetieaJJ/. .The« God spoke to Abrahe/n, to Moses, to the Prophet«, down to the tim» of Christ. The terytesf *ad p&aasfe; oharaotes» «Mr#> men and women »ho attended to tho Divina Revelation whether spoken Or written. He had boon told by . man that some of tho old Scripture character« were men wa ought not to have» in ourMiouses. But wa* Noah, foi es ample, Hot a* good as men wera now-a-day» t The Book waa faithful, beeauae it admonishes na with respect te the evil, and eneourage» na with respect to the good. What did Jesu» Christ, the highest authority, say about the etudf Of the Scripturei r The Lord Jesus Christ, tie highest authority higher thsn any King, or prophet, or priest, or reli- gious teaehe*-the Lord Jesus Christ says : Search ths Scriptures ; and the British and Foreign Bible Society in its intent and effort« was in sympathy with the mind and aims and teaching and life of God'» Eternal Son, the Founder, the Protector, the Patron and the Hope of the Christian Church. The Apostles-did not they «tody the Scripture« ? They were preachers of the Word of God. They cir- culated it. From their days the Word of God had been circulated. We aro debtor» to tba noble men and wemen who were true to the Word of God wh«n it was more difficult than it is now to be true to it. In tim« of moral darkness and spiritual torpor, these noble men and women hid God'» word in their heart«, and let their live» protest against vanity, and iniquity and vice. Latimer, Wicklif, Calvin, and other» might b» mentioned with honour and reverence, beeause they stood firm and steadfast in hard times, and thus handed down to us the precious treasure of She. Word. If we search the " Scriptures we shall admit oar indebted- ness to those who have given to Hfl, and to our br*threu and «Utera throughout the world, knowledge of that which shall make ua wise unto salvation. We shonld think it hard if anyone were to take away our right to read the Bible. But thousands of men lad no Bible. They ought to know what the Bible teaches of their redemp- tion-of the design and the development of the purposes of Almighty God. The Bible Soeiety waa an attempt to realise in » practical way the teach- ing of Christ-Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature. Tha intention of the I Society was that the Word of God should come te every man and woman, te help them to find spiritual peaoe, to «ootha them ia «orrows, to give" them light te walk with God, and te strengthen and console them in the passage of the valley of death. And what had the Bible done f What had it not done t There could have been no meeting there, no singing of th» song» of Zion there that night, if it had not been for the Bible. Not far away from Aus- tralia, it wa» not possible for men te aing the song» of Zion. But became of the Bible, they Were able to declare hopefully aftd confidently that all the ends of the earth shaD. «e% the salvation of our God. Men and women would «ee thi« salvation cal/ in «o far a« thi« Word of God was circulated. It wa» the purpose of tha Society that the Word of God «honld go te all nation» and kindreds and people» and tongue« ; that th«y might read for themaalve», and hate knowledge practic- ally and exparimantelly al th« unsearchable» riaha» of Christ. I» the large report to which he had referred, the» wer# mtny «tatémente indi- cating the «ucees» of the «Kirk, «id many others showing the diffieultiesto he encountered. Glancing over the book he came to a catt like this : a> mara had purchased * Bible, but an ecclesiastic ossne te him, bought itïrom Um, »ould not Orach the vile» thin«; With kh> liol? fingern>-he put it into the fire and Patched it burn. That wa» An itstance of cirsulating th* ScÄptura» unter disadvantages. Another nfcn fay endeavouring te Circulate the Bible, When another Seized tha Bick and gat« Bim a knock oa »hahead, with it. Why ootld they meet in that hall that night f Beoausa of th* powerful infiuense of the Word of God OA tha moa Of th« natioa with which tha* were, oonaBcted, «ina on th» men of the commuait? of which they fotmed part. Bat in Vranes, la Spain, ia Portu- gal, in Italy, there «a* BO «nek liberty. The Bible waa the Book of* Liberty, and those who did not lit» fcbe> Bible, n*e:e those who Were no friend« te liberty. What had the Bible done P I» had saved men ami aromen from their sin» ; it had healed their heart ache» ; it had lad them through the gloom and the aorro»» of life ; it had cheered them beyond »11 telling ia th» tim« of bereavement ; it had enabled them te go te the gates of the grave leaving behind them tha testimony of a fragrant life and a> triumphant death. It had enabled men and women te aee that they «ere the brothers and .istcia of the IJord /am» Christ. Years ago they did not do eo. They looked at each other through the fogs of prejudice and the clouds of bigotry, and could not recognise the brotherhood of humanity and of Christianity. They looked askance at each other ; «tooti Woof ft«« eaah othoV. They were as regiments of soldiers, hostile to each other. Instead of unity «¿her» prevailed »conflict degrading to the Christian nain« and dsknagingi to Christian .ftort. Bat noa- denominations regarded each other in th» put« light dP God's Word, «jad were beginning te acknowledge the Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of Humanity and of the Christian Church. There wer« indeada few narrow spirits yet who conld not bear this light. But the process waa going on. Presently there would be one family, one Father, on» Redeemer, one Guide, and one everlasting home. He had noticed the record of a wonderful «vent. A Roman Catholic priest in the United States had got into some trouble with his superiors. He had not been silenced, however, and he had announced a series of discourses on the Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of Man. He had got hold of the right idea. This idea of the Divine Fatherhood and the human brotherhood was one which they owed to this clergyman's trouble with his superiors, and he would do well in teaching it. He was glad to seo that large meeting that night. The meeting in connexion with the Bible Society should be the greatest Protostant meeting of the year. The Bible was the Protestant Book ; it teaches Protestants their religion, and could settle all vexed questions, if people would only study it in a candid spirit. He hoped that the meetings would continue to increase in size, and that in Maitland and its surroundings the power of the ] Bible might be felt by the people in all their con- ditions, whether of adversity or prosperity. (Applause.) Mr. J. D. PRENTICE seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The choir rendered Hymn 395 in the Moody and Sankey collection. A collection was taken up, realising £4 Is Id. The Rev. J. BENVIE moved-*' That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the office-bearers of this auxiliary for the past year, to the lady col- lectors for their services, and that the following gentlemen be the office- bearers and committee for the ensuing year : President, Mr. J. Rourke ; com- mittee-Messrs. J. D. Prentice, W. J. Sloan, T. Dinimock, D. J. Cox, T. J.Itibee, T. Clark, H. Why, R. Proctor, J. Barlow, J. Kerr, sen., G. Bromhead, and R. Grimwade." He said the Christian Church, using the word in a general sense, believes the Biblo to be the Word of God. The Church of Rome, as well as all other denominations, believes it to be the Word of God. Of course, there were differences between the Church of Rome and other churches respecting the Bible : the Church of Rome placed limitations on the text and on the interpretation of the text. When he 6poke of the Church of Rome, he spoke with the profonndost reverence of the text of the Bible pronounced authoritative by that Chureh. He did not scorn or snder at the Bible of the Church of Rome ; it was the Word of God. It was true he objected to the limitations the Church imposed. For example, the Church said that a version made by one Jerome in the third century was the authoritative text. That text went by the name of the Vulgate. It was a translation of the Word of God as our own English Authorised Version is a trans "iation. It was called the Vulgate because it waa translated into Latin, the tongue then spoken commonly.. The Church of Rome limited the text to the Vulgate. It was a valnable text : it was the Word of God in the same sense as our own English translation is tho Word of God. But tho Church of Rome has just as much right to declare that Vulgate to be the authoritative text as we have to declaro our own English Biblo to be the authoritative text in every word and every ex- pression. The Douay Bible was the English version of the Vulgate. For it he had a profound respect. Ho had not the samo respect for tho footnotes sometimes attached to it, for thoso were the notes of the Church of Rome. But for the Bible itself h e had a respect. It was useful, j ust as the Vulgate was sometimes useful, with other texts, to discover what was the mind of tho Spirit of God. But he denied the right of any Church or corporation or individual, to select any one text, more especially a version rathar than a text, and declare that to be the Divine Word. With regard to the general question about the Bible they were at one with the Roman Catholic«, and if every Roman Catholic would read his own Bible he would find his way to heaven without any church at all. (Hear, hear.) H« reverenced the Vulgate as a version of the Bible-not the most accurate, for literal error« had crept into it. Thoy had no right to assume that God in His providence was with «very transcriber of His Word. God gave His Book to the world ju»t as other authors give their books to the world. It is impossible to prevent literal errors from getting into books in such cir- cumstances. When they considered how at one period oopies of the Scriptures were increased, their surprise would be groat that there are so few error«, in the various readings in the Word of God. But, notwithstanding the number of text, and the various readinga, to sum them up and their results, they do net affect one doctrine in that Book of God. (Hear, hear.) Notwithstanding tho various reading«, the grand radical truths of Christianity remained untouched. And they need only to take the Kevisod Version of the Bible and compare it with the Authorised Verson, and they would under etand how there came to be texts with various readings, He did not think the Revised Version would displace the Authorised Version, but if they made a comparison of the two, they would see, notwithstanding the difference of language that the truth, and tho enunciation of the truth, was the same. (Hear, hear.) They would find the «ame unity of truth on comparing the Douay Bible with the Authorised Version. It was opportune to «ay »word or two about the various readings, for only ignorant people used the various readings as an argument against the validity of the text. No learned man ever thought of the readings as any lessening of the value of the text. It seemed to him that there was a mighty power in the Bible. He had guet referred to the professed Christian Church. Wherever that Christian Church was, there was man found rising. An immense amount of intellect was found at work, and at work not only in connexion with the Book itself. But side by side with this Book and with professed attach- ment to this Book, were found culture, and the spirit of inquiry. Man's powers, so to speak, have been set freo, science and art are cultivated. In close connexion with the influence of the Bible we find culture, and civilisation, and progress, and humanity, and with them true principle, integrity, a sublime character. This result of the influence of the Bible could bo seen everywhere- east and weet, north and Bouth; in Europe, in India, in China, in the islands of the sea. There we find the human family elevated socially, morally, intellectually. That was as clear as day. He knew that side by side with this civilisation there wa« a vast amount of corruption. That fact opened up another question, a very wide question. In this world of ours there is in every direction an Antithesis. It is by error that we know the truth. It ia by immorality that we know morality. It is by moral degradation that wo in reality know the value of moral elevation. And that thought ought to be full of light and consolation to us when we look abroad upon the world. We live amid a moral, intellectual, and spiritual conflict. There is antithesis everywhere. In the surprising dis- pensation of God's providence, there seemed to be almost a necessity that error and wrong should exist, that we may know what is wrong and what is right. The antithesis did not palliate the error, but it seemed from the nature of truth necessary, in order that we may know what is true and good and beautiful, that we should be able to contrast them with the vile, the repulsive, the degrading. (Hear, hear.) That thought led him to speak of the differences among professing Christians. That was an argument brought chiefly by the Church of Rome against Protestantism. Ho thought it just possible, if they looked, that they would find a «jreat deal of doctrinal division in the Church of Rome herself. There were divisions in Protestant- ism. He deplored them, and yet there was a utility in them. There was a necessity for them, just as there wa3 a necessity for the antithesis to which ho had alluded. Such a neces- sity existed in the primitive church ¡ there were divisions in that church ¡ and error and heresy brought out the grandeur and the beauty of the truth. But for these heresies we should not have attained to the grand and majestic truth we now have. A similar principle seemed to be essential in the Christian world at the present time. We must have error in order that wo may know the truth. It was left to us to inquire and know what the truth wa3. And in respect of the divisions they should also think of the unity which exists. The divisions were on many points in respect of minor matters, but when they looked at the con- sensus of creeds, of the faiths of the Christian churches, they found a va3t amount of fundamental truth exhibited. Take the divinity of Christ what a grand, a. glorious truth that was. To us ward God manifest in the flesh ¡-the Eternal Son of God-for the sonship was eternal-made flesh. God-perfect God ; man-perfect man. That was a grand truth, the full meaning of which we can in this world only faintly comprehend. The more we looked into it the more wonderful that mystery appeared. But upon this mystery the Christian churches were at one. Then there was the access by the Son to God. This God-man is a Saviourj He has made atonement, offered an oblation, shed His blood, and poured out his life as a sacrifice for sin. All the Churches believe this truth as essential to the salvation of men's souls. They all believe in this self-emptying, this kenosis, on the part of the God-man j this grand truth was held by them all. Again, there was the holy priest- hood of Christ. He was not a priest of the Church but the priest of man-(hear, hear) ; the living High Priest who having all tho power of the God hood, was yet sympathetic and tender as humanity to all who need Him. That truth about the mediatorship of Christ united- Christians more closely than diversities of belief separated them. Then all the Churches believed in the agency of the Spirit who dwells in the Church of God, not in any sect. He knew of no denomination-the Spirit of God dwells in the Church of God. That was one of the truths, however, which, while they theoreti- cally professed it, they often practically ignored. (Hear, hear.) He was very much impressed with the thought that the Church of God had not that firm belief in the working of tho Spirit of God which it ought to have. What was tho result ? A worldliness, a deadness, a coldness, an avoidance of essential truth, and a seeking after the sensuous and the sensational which led weak minds astray. He might mention other instances of unity of belief in great matters. And even in minor matters, there was some share of unity. Church organisation, for example, said by some to bo a minor matter-it was no such thing : the organisa- tion of the Church was the appointed means for the preservation of the truth of the Church. Takoi three Protestant bodies-the Episcopal, the Pres- byterian, the Wesleyan Churches. They differed in organisation, yet they agreed. The Church of England in this country-he did not speak of Eng- land-admitted the principle of representation. She had her Synods, to which lay representatives were admitted. The Presbyterian Church was the ideal Church ¡ it exhibited the full embodiment of the representative principle. In the Wesleyan Church there was a growing disposition to recognise this representative principle: laymen were ad- mitted to the conferences for some purposes-the door had been opened. It appeared to him that a large section of tlie Protestant Church waa con verging to the adoption of this principle of repre- sentation. When the unity of organisation might come no one could say, yet the Churches, in Bpite of their divergence, held something in common in the matter oï organisation too. He would say no more on this point, except that, looking at the results of acknowledging an infallible interpreter, he could not bo reconciled to a unity like that of the Churob. of Rome. Tht word in conclusion he had to say was that God converts souls by the reading of the Word. He was convinced, if thoy could get at tho record in heaven, or even at the record on earth, that many souls had been brought to Christ, and to God, and to the Father's house, by the reading, the pure reading, of the Word of God. They would be amazed at tho number, he was convinced. He knew the value of tho living voice. (Hear, hear.) It was by the preaching of the Word that God would have souls saved, but they wore to be saved also by the reading of the Word. There wore many souls in Austria, in France, in Spain, in Belgium, Italy, India, China, Africa, all over the world, where there is no living voice, no church, no minister; and here there had been thousands of souls brought out of ignorance and sin, into the Kingdom of God, by simply reading the Word of God. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that God was speaking foi Himself in the work which the Bible Society had set itself to do. They should let Him speak for Himself, in the tongues and in the dialects in which Bibles were sent forth by this noble society : by its means hundreds of tongues would proclaim the Word of God unuttered by any preachers. Here they had a glorious fact which should induce them to sympathise with, encourage, and support the Society. They heard again and again of the Church. There was a church ; there would bo a church, established on earth, in defiance of all the forces of error, and atheism, and infidelity, and antagonism to the Word of God. He did not undervalue the churches. Far from it ; but by the agency of the Bible Society thousands were entering heaven without the church. The seed was being sown by the Bible Society, and by-and-by, according to the law of nature, and by the principle of anticipation, they would see the harvest-a living and a powerful church would arise on that field to the praise and honour of God. (Applause.) The Kev. W. BROUGH seconded the resolution, and excused himself from lengthened speech on the ground that he had been the deputation to the country branches, and had already spoken at length in many places. Referring to the illustra- tions given by Mr. Hopkins, of the difficulties which hindered the circulation of the Bible by tho Society, he said priestly opposition was everywhere encountered, but one case was given in the report where a priest had been finely taken in. A boy had with his father's consent bought a Bible, and would not resell it to tho priest till ho was tempted by the offer of five francs for what had cost him one. The boy's father, however, took the five francs, and with them purchased five Bibles. Among the French mountains the reading of the Bible had led to the formation of Binnll Protestant communities. So, in spite of discouragement and hostility, the work of the Society went on. He regretted the spread of priestcraft in the colony, and condemned those Protestant parents who sent their children to con- vent schools. As a pair of useful books for young men toread he recommended "The Superhuman Origin of the Bible inferred from itself," and " Ecce Veritas" by Giles Hitchens. The resolution was carried unanimously, and the choir again rendered a hymn. On the motion of the Rev. W. BROUGH, seconded by the Rev. J. BENVIE, Miss Lorenza King, Mr. Eldridge, and the ladies and gentlemen of the choir were thanked heartily for their services. Mr. ELDRIDGE acknowledged the vote of thanks, and after the choir had sung au anthem, the Rev. J. Benvie pronounced the benediction, and the meet- ing closed. 