. THE GAVEROCKS. A TALE OF THE CORNISH COAST. Br .the Aoroon op " Joiin Herbi.no, ' « Mehai.au," " Count Royal," &c.; Chapter XLIX. — Tiie Last Coed. Carwithen came up tho path in the lace of the cliff after that Constautino had pone off with tho boat. On seeing that 1'uul Feather- stone was hart, and resting in Loreday's arms, lie came to nis assistance. Shortly after Thomasine also arrived, and Paul was brought to consciousness, and was sufficiently recovered to stand. Ho hod received a cut in the back of his head, and had lost a good deal of blood, lint thero was nothing dangerous in the wound, tbo skull was not broken. Lovcday had taken tho white kerchief from her neck and hound it round his head tightly, and arrested the bleeding. He signed to Carwithen and bis daughter to withdraw, and then he said to Loveday : " Madam, I shall feel obliged if you will say nothing about a straggle with Mr. Hock. The cut in my head was mado by a stone in tho ground, aguiust which I fell." Lovcday bowed her consent. There was an expression of sadness in his eyes as holookcdat her her that went to her heart. "Mr. Featherstone," eIic said timidly, "I pray you not to judge mo by appearances. 1 pray yon to he pitiful and forbearing." "Madam," ho said, hut ho paused a long time before ho spoke, "lie who is over all knows how anxious, how eager I am to oxeuse yon, hut I cannot condono what is unex plained." Sho was silent. Ho waited for her to speak, but as she said nothing he went on slowly, sadly — " I will go in now to the cottage. Car withen will attend to me. He can manago so trifling a cut as that I have received. I will return presently, and listen with patience to what you may wish to say, in tho hope that yon will bo able to relievo my mind of a great — pain." Then lie withdrew. Loveday was left alone. Her shoulders and neck were uncovered, 6he had torn off her kerchief for Paul's head. His blood etuncd tho bosom of her gown. Thero was a little water near the cottage— a land spring, and she washed it thereat. Then sho stood on the cliff looking seaward. Sho saw Constan tino's boat, but ho was already so far off that sho could not distinguish bini. Sho thought jprer what had taken place, and considered what (ho could say to Mr. Featherstone— how she could give a colorablo explanation of her con duct. Sho could not account for her presence there satisfactorily. Would ho beliovo that she had found her way to Stanbury by accident ? If ho were persuaded that this was so, how fonld sho explain the intimacy with Constan- tine ? Sho saw that to exculpate herself she must betray him, and, however unworthy he might be, that she could not do. If she had any lingering regard for Constantine after the discovery of his falsehood, ho had dispelled it now by his insolence and injustice to Paul Featherstone. For this latter, Loveday had conceived the deepest respect. His sim plicity of character, his earnest desire to do what was right and kind, had touched ber heart ; and tho ungenerosity, the ingratitude of Constantine in attacking him, had filled hei with horror and repugnance. She had known him to be weak ; she now saw his irremediable worthlessness. If he had had any spark of good feeling lingering in his heart he conid not have taunted Paul with snch words. Ho was a coward and a scoundrel. With this discovery her love for him died, as her respect had died. Now ho had dragged her into the lowest humiliation. He had left her to bear tho shame of being regarded by Panl Feetherstone as a woman lost to grati- tnde and to honor. Bather than that she should be lightly thought of, Constantine would have braved the worst had be possessed a manly spirit. He had preferred to expose her to shame, and escape bimself from danger. In about a quarter of an boar Paul Feather stone came forth from the cottage. Diehard Carwithen had patched np the wound in his head with plaster, of which he fortunately had some. Paul came forward to Loveday, who was sitting meditatively on a sand hilL She rose as he approached. He was very pale — paler than could be accounted for by the amonnt of blood he had lost. "Will you permit me," ho said, "to ask yon a few questions, madam ?" She hod noticed that he erased to address her as Miss Penhalligan after be had learned that she was a widow. She bowed her head. " You will allow me to lean on this staff? " he said, kneeling and picking np that with which Constantine had struck him. I am shaken by the blow, and shall be glad of the support, " He shrank foom putting the questions to her which he had to pat to her. " 1 have thought it advisable to ask yon a fow things — to — to save yon much speaking. It will bo simpler and better. Carwithen bus told me that Mr. Rock is gone. He took the boat and rowed away in the direction of Bade, not towards Marsland." "Mr. Featherstone," said Loveday, in a low tone, with her bands clasped before and ber eyes on the ground, " I may tell yon this — he is gone for ever. You will sco him no more." Then she was silent ; and be did not speak, bat she felt that bis eyes were on her face, searching it. " Why has he gone? " She was nnable to answer. " Madam," he said, in a very low tone, and his voice shook as he spoke, " as I was return ing to consciousness I thought I heard his voice addressing yon, and asking yon to accompany him. And — I heard yon refused." "Yes." She was as white as himself, and she was trembling. He clutched the staff, bnt his fingers opened and closed and worked nervously on it. "I wonld say enough," he continned, after along panse, "but that I must know something more. I have my sister, my dear sister to consider." Then he stopped. He was not strong enough, after tho blow and fall and the loss of blood, to proceed rapidly, and every sonteuce was torn from him with a wrench of pain. " I would hear further. Did yon know him? Was there any attachment to — to him before yon came to Marsland ?" "Yes," very faintly. " One question more. Is Penhalligan your real name?" " No." Then, involuntarily, a groan escaped ihim. Loveday looked up with terror. Had ho divined the truth ? No, he had not. ' Then," he said slowly, articulating each word distinctly, and each as it issued from his heart cost him a pang, and each as it fell on her ear entered and pierced her brain, " under a feigned namo you made your way into my home, you followed him whom you loved, and who, I suppose, loved you. And then, when he had arranged all, who fled to him, to Stan- bury." With n cry of despair, patting up her quiver ing hands, she said, "No, no 1" " Do not deny if," ho went on, mastering his emotion with an effort which covered his brow with sweat drops. " Tou left Marsland, and came direct to Stanbury, where he was await ing yon. Carwithen told me all." What would her denial profit her? Sho raised her bauds in speechless agony, put her fingers to her teeth, then let lier hands fall again flat on her lap, and her head hung down on her bosom, as if it were a flower head that had been struck and broken, but not broken off. " And yet," said he, " I have to acknow ledge a dobt to you. The evening before you departed you behaved honorably to inc. When I asked you" Sho raised her hand to stop tho words ; she could not lift her eyes. " You dealt with mc conscientiously ; you refused roe. I thank God for that I both because it saved mo from a terriblo nwakcuiug wbcu too late, but also for your own sake, because it shows me that your soul still stirs in responso to generous feelings. And again, now, when ho asked you to escape with liim, tho grace of God provailcd, you resisted the voice of the tempter, and" Ho could not speak any more. IIo shook; he was weeping ; ho was enfeebled by what he had undergone, and unable at this moment to retain tho mastery. At tho sound of his broken voice, and the sob that issued from his heart, Loveday's frozen horror and despair gave way. She had been standing. Sho threw herself before him on her knees, she held up her clasped hands abovo her head, the tears poured from her oyes, nud a storm of passionato weoping choked her words. "Have patience with met Have pity on mcl Do not condemn me 1 Oh, do not think so badly of mo I I am not wicked 1 I havo been weak and havo erred 1 I beseech you pardon mo 1 It is not all as you say 1 1 am not 60 lost as that I And you 1 you 1 you to cast mo outl Yon to scorn and reject met" Then sho bowed her face to tho coarse sea grass, and the pink and silver thrift and tho purple sea lavender ; and held her hands with the fingers interlaced tight, as though woven out of wire, over her lips to restrain them from saying more. "I do not condemn yon," said Panl, calmly. He had recovered his com posure, which had left him only for a moment. "I should indeed be an unworthy servant of Him who slooped and wrote on the sand when snch an other was brought beforo Him if I did not pity with an infinite and loving pity instead or condemnation. Far from speak ing words of condemnation, I am thanking heaven that yon arc repentant, and hoping that this is the beginning of a new life. Stand np, I pray yon. Do not lie there in the sand. Be composed. We mnst consider the future." She obeyed bini mechanically. He walked away, leaning heavily on the staff, towards the edge of the cliff, and held his hand orer his eyes, whilst he looked along tho coast towards the sonth, as trying to see tho boat in which Constantine was departing. Ho stood thus gazing for a long while motionless, but he 6aw nothing. It may be doubted whether he were in reality straining his eyes to follow tho boat and find the direction it was taking. After some time, during which he stood motionless, with his back towards Loreday, he turned and came to her. "Let us sit down," he said, with composed voice. " I am not strong enough to stand long jnst now. I can speak better, and with less effort, if yen will allow mc to take my place on this stone." Hedil not look at her, fear ing lest he should lose control over his voice if ha saw lier white, tear- stained face, and large, entreating, anguish brimming eyes. "Madame," he said, " between you and me let the past be no more mentioned, or let it be spoken of as little as may be. I shall have to consider my sister, and break to her the news that she has lost her husband. I wonld spare her unnecessary pain ; I would spare her tho thought of evil. She must not hear your name associated with that of John Rock, she mast have no suspicion that your disappear ance is in any way mixed up with his depar ture. I trust you will Euffer me to decido for yon what is best. What is best for yon is also best for us. You will allow me to rule your course for a little while ?" She bowed for an answer. Ho did not look at her, hut he saw her shadow, and the motion of the shadow assured him of her consent " It will be advisable for you to remain here with Tamsin Carwithen, at least for a time." She assented, as before. "You were taken in the storm, drenched to the skin, and were found in a state of exhaus tion and unconsciousness by Carwithen, who brought you here. This is what I shall tell Juliot, and what shall be given to the world. It will suffice. Mr. Rock has gone away on business of his own. Has he gone to his home?" Loveday hesitated to admit this. " I have never asked him about his home. I understood he had none, and that his post was associated with misfortune. I did not press to know. I saw no need. Now I suspect that I was deceived by his very reticence. If jou do not assure mc to the contrary I will assert that he has gone to his home on business of his own. " Loveday offered no denial. " What is to follow time will decide. It i6 very important, madnmc, for your honor, that you should remain here, and that it be known throughout the neighborhood thatyou arc here, and that here you should continnc for some time after it has become certain that John Rock has departed, never to return. Yon con understand my motives. I shall be glad that yon accept my decision for your own sake, and for that of my sister. "It shnll be so," said Loveday. "Thatyou cannot return to Marsland yon see for yourself. Should Juliot come to you and entreat you to return you must refuse. You can say, what is true, that your health incapacitates you from bciDg of assistance to her. You can be understood to resido here, to lodge in this cottage with Tamsin C rwithen, till your health is recruited. And now, madamo, farewell — for ever. I do not suppose we shall meet again. It is best not." " He stood np. " Your box, loft at Marsland, shall ho sent to you here. I boliovo tho arrangement made — or contemplated — was such that a half yearly notice should be given, and the salary was fixed, though not named. You will allow mc to send you what we owe. you, the notice to leave conies from me. Excuse mo catering on these matters now, but as I may not see you again I dosiro to make everything clear. Your box shnll bo sent over to-day. aud with it tho sum of money to which you are entitled, together with a little present which you will not, I am sure, pain my sislcr by refusing." "Oh, Mr. Featherstone !" cried Loveday, " Mr. Featherstone ! I cannot, I cannot hear this 1 I have now lost everything. I am with out a mother, without a home, and I havo lost my husband, nnd I have lost my brother. There is one thing to which I clung — yonr respect ; but that also is gone, and yet indeed I do not deserve it." " Madame," answered Paul; " it is possible thnt the explanation which would clear yonr conduct, which is denied to-day, may bo afforded iu the future. If you can assure mo of that, tho pity you now command will not be unaccompanied with respect." Loveday shook her head sadly. She could give him no hope of such an explanation, at least from her lips. If it caine, which she doubted, it wonld be from Constantino. " I wish you farewell," said Paul sorrow fully, after waitiug for a reply. " We shall probably never meet again." He bowed solemnly, and went away. Sho looked after bim with eyes filled with toars. She saw liim, when ho reached tho cottage, unbind her kerchief from his head and give it to Tamsin, with a sign that it was to bo re turned to the owner. But Paul did not look back. Then lie took a clean kerchief the daughter of old Carwithen gavo liim; and that he bound around his head. Ho would not take away with him any remembrance of Lovc day. Sho understood his mcaniug in tho action, and it ovorcame her, Sho had indeed lost everything — except his pity. Chapter L. — An Apparition. Squiro Gavcrock, Gorans, and Rose were in tho room called tho study, in which, however no study was ever undertaken, They were all dressed iu deep mourniug. Mrs. Gavcrock was dead, and bad that day been buried. A stroke bad fallen on her shortly nftcr tho dcpartnro of Loveday which bad greatly affected her, and this was followed by another, from which she did not rally. Her dopartii:3 Lad been without pain. Sho had fauiu away in sleep. How far tho Sn-Dro had felt his wifo's loss none could say. Ho was not accustomed to show his emo tion, it is possible that ho did not feel much. "It is, taken all in all," said be, "a happy release, Shy wasn't good for much of late. and no comfort to herself, let alone others. As for the maidens, she'd lost every mite of con trol over them. I do not know how it is with others ; but for my part, I'd be shot or drowned rather tban dio.soaking in bed, dying by inches. But," he added, philosophically, " tastes differ, and there is no accounting for them." On this occasion he had a bundle of hank- notes before him, and a paper. "Here," said the Sqnirc, " you see what your mother's will was, Gerans. She had her money tied up to her ; not much, but some thing, from 80 to n 100 n year, in the Three per Cents, and one or two othor little mutters. Yon see she had left everything to Constan tine, bnt as he is dead she revoked, and by a codicil left all for life to Loveday ; and I was to dispose of some shares she had in the Bridge- water Canal at once, and pay over the pro ceeds to Loveday for lier immediate necessities. Here is the money, but where is Lovcday ? She executed a deed of attorney just before the second fit sho had to enable the sale at once, and so it was effected before she died, but I have only got the mouoy to-day. Now it is at Loveday's disposal, if 1 could find her. All the rest of your mother's money — that is, tho money in Consols — will come to you after Loveday's death. It won't go out of the family. I have nothing against what your mother did. Constanlme made nn ass of him self, and you must suffer. Eighty pounds a year would have been something to you ; but, after all, you are well off, more comfortable than ever I was with your mother. She, when squeezed as tight as you could, was not worth quite a hundred, and nose is worth four with out squeezing." "Dennis — I mean Mr. Penhalligan," said Rose, "has gone to Exeter to make enquiries. She lias not writtCD, nud nothing has been heard concerning her. When ho reached Lannceston ho could learn no news ; she had spent the night at the King's Arms and gone on by coacli next day, but by which coach and whither no one had uoticed. 1 " How did you hear that ?"' asked Gerans. " Mr. Penhalligan wrote tome," shereplied, coloring. " He knew I was very anxious, and promised to send mc news the first oppor tunity." Gerans nodded. He was not surprised nor snspicious. Nothing more natural than that Rose should desire tidings of her friend and sister-in-law, nothing more proper than that Dennis shonid report progress. " My old friend, Eunoder llocking," said the Sqaire, "when ho was dying was asked whether he would prefer to be buried in the old churchyard or in tho new cemetery, and ho replied that ho would certainly prefer the now ground, because it lay on gravel and was healthier, whereas the old graveyard was on clay and s rheumaticky place.' As for myself, I don't care a farthing where I am buried, bnt I do care haw I die. Bless my soul 1 what incon venience and expense there is in a death-bed, and how quick and economical is an accident ; no long drawn-out sickness for mc, if I may have my choice. But this is neither here nor there, only this I will say, Constantino showed his good sccnso and good taste in going out of this world in the way he did. No nursing, no doctor's hill, no funeral expenses. I hope it will be the same with myself." Rose uttered a cry of terror. She was seated facing the window, and she saw a pale face looking in. The others, startled, turned in the same direction, bnt observed nothing ; they asked her what was the occasion of her alarm. " I thought — I thought 1" sho said, in trepi dation, ' ' that I saw Gerans out there, looking deathly white. He looked in through tho window glass nnd fixed his eyes on mo. " "That," said Gerans, "is impossible, for here I am in the flesh and in the solid, not very pallid, bnt fresh in color." Even as lie spoke the door behind him opened, nnd framed in tho entrance stood Con stantino, so liko Gerans, but paler, that all who saw liim wero silent, startled, not know ing what to think — whether they had before them the ghost of Constantine or tho " double" of Gerans. "Well!" exclaimed Constantine, "what are you all staring at me for in that mazed manner ? Do you lake mc for a spectro ? Not impossible, you have been eager enough to reckon mo among tho dead, not an effort did you lunkc to discover whether I were alive. Don't you kuow me again, father ; or has dis appointment taken tho breath out of your lungs? Gerans, here I am to trouble you again." "Good heavens!" exclaimed Gerans, spring ing up, and rushing to his brother with open arms, "Constantine, old fellow I Is this loallyyou? Oh, my God 1 how glad I am." He clasped his hand and shook it, then caught his brother iu his arms, and hugged him. " I am rejoiced 1 Who ever would havo expected " What, Constantine thrown up by tho sea ?" exclaimed tho Squire. "Humph I como for ward, and let mo have a look at you." Rose gazed on tho restored brother with amazement. He was extraordinarily liko her husband. Of late Gerans had lost much of his cheerfulness, nnd this brought him into closer resemblance to the pale, depressed man who stood boforo thorn. " So you are Constantine," said old Gavc rock, without manifesting any exuberant delight at the recognition. " Always too lato for everything. Look here." He spread ont the bank notes on tho table. "Here are £400, the proceeds of tho Bridgcwator Canal shares ; but they ore not for you, Thero aro £2600 iu the Throe per Cents, but th'oy aro not for you. Just returned too late for the plunder." " What do yon mean, father ?" asked Con stantino, whilst his oyos rested eagerly, greedily on the money. " I mean this, that your mother is no more. And as you chose to keep away and sham dead, she has left her money to Lovcday instead. And now we do not know what has become of bor. You do not, I supposo ?" " 1 — how should I know ?" His father looked at him from head to foot. Ho had been in his boat for some timo rowing", had not been able to get much to oat, had been wet aud exhausted, and had no appearanco of prosperity about him. "Do you seo this?" asked old Gaverock. " Four huudrcd pounds iu notes, and 6omo small gold aud silver over. You don't look to mo as if you had had tho handling of this sort of thing where you havo been." " No," laughed Constantino, contemptuously. " Whero I havo been I have not fingered much money." " I can believe that." said Gavcrock : and I he put tho notes away in a nockei" i 'TT ! the coin in a parse, thrust them into ld»v,' and table drawer, locked it, nnd put tl e ' . 'iST pocket. "But this might have beCn vJ 1 I had you not been hiding and made us i?,?, '5' ' you wero dead. Now, your best wa? is tn your wife, and ask her to provide you whh shilling or two for clean linen." ' I "Con," said Gerans, "look at Rose Sk. I is my wife now, and your sister-in-law I Constantine held out his hand i,„» r> accepted it without alacrity. Ilis cio>c r I blance to her husband was strange to her. 1 " You have como from a distauc»," Eka I said, "kou arc hungry and tired. I hasten supper. fi ' ,6a'd '>®> " do so. I have not eatea i anything siuce early morning." | " Sit down," said Header Gavcrock, point- I ing to a chair on tho other side ot the tab), 1 "Whence come you? From the botlnm i fci'l'Vri ? MThC VaW of you was 00 the I keel of the Mermaid, when a sea went over her I What have you been doing with Tourself all I this time?" ' E Constantino shrugged liis shoulders, » Ona I thing to day, something else to-morrow— whet 1 ever offered." « " Why did you not go back to Nankivel- 1 why did you not communicate with us?" ' 1 "Nankivel 1 I had had enough of a'lawycr's office. I did not write, because I had no pie. fi sant news to tell." B " That ycu have not done well is no wonder a to me. You aro not the mau to make a fortuue. " H " I'm not an eldest son, born with a gold 8 spoon in his mouth, who gets the property and 1 the heiress." , fa His father brought his fist down on tbi M table. . f| " Whose fault is it that you did not get tin H heiress, Cou? Your own— yon married |i beggar." -ffi "Father," interposed Gerans. "What is® the advantage of going back to the past, Coa 1 is hcic, alive, that suffices. He is welcome, is and we are rejoiced to see him, if he is unlucky' % homo is the place for him, where his best f| friends will endeavor to comfort him. II S ho hnd been fortunate, we should have rejoiced. fr Whether ho returns to us prosperous or unfortu- 1' nato is of little moment, so long as wc have If him again, risen from the dead." || ' ' I want to know," said the old mau, rapping pi on the table again, "I want to know what heir; has been about all this while ? It is getting en fij for two years since he disappeared. What has || he been about ? Where has he been hiding r" fc " I tell you, "answered Constantine, sullenly, p " I have been in various places, trying my hand |S at various things, If 1 was picked up by an ar.l outward-bound vessel for the West Indies,' aud went there, and have now come back— ft what have you to say to that ?" j:.. " Your complexion is not tanned enough tot it the sun of the West Indies," said old Gave- || rock. tjj " That shows yon know nothing abont lbs © matter. Do yon supposo that ono can rctnni || in six days from the New World, and bring fei one's tanned skin back, A voyage is long® enough to bleach the faco ; besides, 1 hare been ill ill;" " One can see that," said Gerans " Do not & be unkind to him, father. Boor Con has been ill, and has suffered. Why, the father in the parable ran to meet his son when ho returned, k) and he was a prodigal. Cou has not been that, g and you arc scarcely gracious to him." f|j " Do not yon meddle," said old Gaverock, M angrily. "I know what I am abont It is not for tho yellow beaks to instruct the parent fe birds. I mast know all abont you, Constan- Hi tine, before I receive you cordially. The pro- S|i digal returned with a confession, nnd therefore was taken to his fatheris heart. You come fej back with evasion nnd equivocation; therefore I hold you at a distance, with the table between us." H He continued rapping angrily on the board. || His temper was rising. IIo stood up and pacol || the room with his usual hugli strides, and with® his hands in his pockets. Constantino's eJi5|S followed him. Dusk had set in, and it was® becoming dark iu the room. W " First of all, you married without my lcwisl and left me in ignorance of the circumstance ;|h then you wero washed off tho keel of the Mer-£|j maid, when I, the older by more than doublets your years, held on. Then you let us suppesahg you were dead ; aud so your mother has left ber money away to Loveday, for her own irrcipon-jg sible, private, nud independent use. Then youEs como home, without a profession. withont| money, and, of course, want to be helped on tog your feet." . || Constantine looked askance at his faihcr, gg " Yes, he said, " I do want help. I mado up my mind to settle in the West lutara I will havo a sagar plantation there, ani&s; negroes to work for me ; hut laud aud slave J| are not to he had for nothing. I have coma a homo to ask yon to assist me, and then 1 ma g trouble you no more." v g| ' 1 Lovedny is your wifo. Sho has £400. i« g| must settle matters with her. I suppose jo j intend to take her with you?" , ! " You tell mo that Lovcday is lost. i " Yes, hut sho will he found. Her brolbcrg is gone iu search of her. _ People do not g j lost for long m England." „t ! " I do rot intend to tako her out with m ! first, till I havo my estate and house ; that I will writo or return for her. . " Well, you tmist settle matters with ber. t can give you nothing." _ ihnvefoS " 1 cannot wait till she is found. I & , j bo off in a few days. I do not wish to ; Dennis Penhalligan." J "Why not ? Aro you n coward t s " I do not wish to quarcl with k'm- nigh came to blows before, and wo aro como tonn angry encountor now if Ho is my brother-in-law, and I do notwa £ hurt him. In a littlo while all will he ri, , shall havo my sugar plantat ion and my " 6 and be a thriving man, with a good Loveday will be with mo; »nd then , may come out and doctor my blicki b, not succeed with wbito people Icr j inclined to bo my enemy now bccauso down. But when I am up, ho wil enough. No, I will not fitherr should you not givo mo tho money, Loveday is suro to approvo. .. p «Bnt supposing sho Joes > wt. shall havo to make it up to 'ier; laid " Then let mo have £500 to mC," your sou, you ore bound to provi ,re jo! < Did I not pay a 0 mon'I you ? "Who forfeited that ? I f | advance. I amalwas out y can't soil without Gcxans'a consent. do it-not reduco the 1 am you? r-fV is n,'„J0 have everything and I nothing ? nitisyour own fault if you have nothing. .. net in a lawyer's office, and on the 'Tj to livelihood, and that opportunity you t0) t.v I had an heiress for you worth p« annum, and you married Loveday on .£,fi „nd threw 'that chanco away. Yon ll vdtir mother's favorite son and heir to all w money, and you let her suppose you were M J0" havTc l0,3t ber money, \- ok has gone to Loveday. Now you " tendaat on your wife. Find her, " X to advance you the £500 I will Jjjfou what I think, Constantino. Some men Xe skittles, set up to be bowled over. You „. -et them up a hundred times, and they go on their sides a huudred and one liraca Tm are one of these. You have no indopen- L of character, no manliness of heart. "That is the fatherly reception I get,' rawed Constantino. " Because I return with nrotr pockets I am unwelcome, had I corao Si ivith a full purse I should liavo been made much of. I am not the prodigal son of the " Gospel who returns snuffling and beseeching fanreness. I came back to demand my rights, „. by God ! I will have them ; and, what is Bore, yo"'" A® caiJer to 6'TC me moncJ to ret ma oil. ' OU Gnrorock went hastily out of the room ; t( was so angry that ho feared an explosion, indhe had sufficient sense to avoid that on the ikbt of his lost Eon's return. "Yon must not speak to father in that turner, Con," cautioned Gerons. _ "Ho is Buauslomcd to it, and cannot boar it." "Pshaw!" exclaimed Constantino, "he will liie to open his eyes wide before long to what fay, unless " he went to the locked disnerwhcro tbo money was, " unless he fur- jiiks me with this." 