A HERO IN SPITE OF HIMSELF." BY ROBERT BUCHANAN AUTItOB OF " SHADOW OF THE SWORD," "A CHILD OK NATURE, " " GOD At® THE MAM," &C.; PART H Chaiteb XL — The Fugitive. About 3 o'clock iu the morning, when every body in Speranza was fast asleep, Melvin gal loped into tbe town and knocked at the door of the drink bouse, or hotel. Onbeing admitted by the landlord (not witbont a suspicious parley from within, and a threat of firearms), ho appeared bleeding from a slight flesh wound in tho nock, the result, he explained, of a random bullet, and explained that he and two Englishmen, his companions, had been attacked by a baud of ruffians up at tho mine. The little placo was soon aronscd, and Melvin found himself tho centre of a rough but sympathising crowd. " Reckon it's Ned Searle's gang," said the landlord, " what's left on 'em! Wo'dbcat goto waken up tho sheriff." Leaving Melvin in the hotel, the landlord and several others hastened off to Dunn Smith's dwelling. As thoy did so, they distinctly heard tho sharp sonnd of firing from the distant hills. " They're having a high time up thar," said the landlord. " Sounds like a kind o' pitch battle. 1 colkflato tbe shoriff arn't well pleased when ho finds he warn't on in that scene." But after succeeding, not without difficulty, in awakening Mrs. Dunn Smith from her slum bers, and bringing her to tho door in dressing gown and curl papers, with a lighted candle in her hand, they were informed, to their surprise, tbat Mr. Smith wasn't at home. "He went up to tho mine with that Bri- tishor,'' she explained. "What's wanted with him ?" They explained what had occurred, and sug gested that she should step down to tbo hotel and interview the fugitive. She agreed at once, and hurrying into tho room where Melviu was sitting, white as death and blood- stained, greeted him With theso words — " Where's tho sheriff ? Whcro's my man, Dunn Smith ? Speak out, whoovor ye aro 1" Melvin started, naturally astonished. " He was up with us at tho mine yesterday afternoon," he answered. "Before 6unsct he left us to walk homo. Do you mean to say that he has not boeu home ?" Mrs. Smith's answer was a shrill shriok and an immediate attack of hysterics. When sho had bcon brought to, partly with the aid of a little mild stimulant administered by the hotel- keeper, she moaned faintly — I knew what would come of his fooling about 1 They've killod him at last, 1 reckon. If they hadn't he'd havo slept at home last night along o' his lawful wife I O, Dunn, Dunn, you'll never hear mo piany no more, or take mo gallivanting up to Canaan 1 You novor guv me a harsh word, and now I'm a lono lorn widdy in my prime 1" " Cheer up, missus," said tho lad, Ginger, who was standing by. " The sheriff's all safe, I calkilato, on'y bo's unloosing himself on duty. They're firing away still up thar." Bat Mrs. Smith was not to bo consoled. Though not usually of a nervous temperament, and well accustomed to sccucs of danger, sho hod been quito unhinged by the sndden alarm coming upon her in the small hoars of the night. Meantime, Melvin was growing more and moro uneasy. Ho had arranged his story cuuningly in ordor to aeconnt for his own rc- apponranco, and tho wonud on his neck had been made by a scratch shot from bis own hand. So far, all was well. But if tho enemy escaped to roport tho night's work, what then? Well, oven in that case, perhaps ho could defend himself by saying that ho had taken tho alarm and escaped to savo his own life. In any case, the sooner ho was away from Speranza tho hotter. So he rose and announced his intention of riding on to Canaan, and there looking up a doctor. No ono seemed astonished at this de cision, and no one snspoctcd him of any kind of foal play. He mounted the horse which stood in roadiness at the door, and rode rapidly away. As he did so tho faint sonnd of firing still came from the hills. ciiarten XII.— A Special Telegram. A few days after the occurrence of tho events narrated in my last chapter, Colonel Sloano sat in bis private room in the hotol at Long Branch, reading tho New York Herald of that morn ing Sttddonly he started, and utterod an oxclamation. His eye had fallon on the follow ing, printed in all the glory of terrific headings and long typo (special HERALD telegram. THE SPERANZA MINE AND NED SEARLE'S GANG. HERDER OF TWO ENGLISHMBX. Retorted Death or Dosx Smith, the StiEitirv. NARROW ESCAPE OF AN ENGINEER. The Loxelt Shaxtt is tne Goldex Gclcfi. IUecowikc. Details. Our Canaan correspondent wiros us as fol lows : — Canaan, 15tli October. — Tho Spor- anza district has just been tho scene of & fright ful affair, entailing the loss of several valuablo lives. Among thoso who have perished is Colonel Fothoringay, tbe woll known capitalist, and owner of tho Speranza claim, and Mr. John Kolso, a travelling photographer. "Your readers will vividly romcmber the affray which took place about a week ago, when Mr. Dunn Smith, shoriff of Speranza, so heroically defended himself against Ned Searle, the robber, aud a large number of his gang. It appears that Ned and several of the survivors took to the bills in the neighborhood of the Speranza mine, where tbey wero in hiding when Colonel Fotheringay, accompanied by Mr, Melvin, the engineer, arrived on a visit of inspection, " The two gentlemen wore escorted to tho scene of operations by Mr. Dunn Smith and Mr. Kolso, the photographer. Here Mr. Smith appears to havo left thom, with the view of returning home, but on his way through tho woods he was waylaid and shot by Ned Searle. "In the meantimo the gang had sur rounded tho shanty in the dead of tho night. Aroused by the yells of the ruffians, Mr. Melvin managed to spring out, leap on his horse, and gallop away, not without receiving an ugly wound. But with tho two othors, sleeping in tho shanty, it fared worse. , "Carrying only six-shooters, while tne robbers were nrmed with rifles, they wero practically helpless. With a refinement of cruelty, the head of the gang requested them to step out and be shot iu the open, On their refusal the shanty was fired. "The Colonel and his companion, rnshing forth, fought desperately for some time, but were at last shot dead. "These are all the details that have at pre- sent reached yonr correspondent. Much ex citement is felt in the district, and a vigilance committee has been organised to hunt down these ruffians, who have long been the pest of the district. Their object is said to have been plunder, as Colonel Fotheringay was supposed to carry a large amount of greenbacks, besides personal jewellery, valued at many tbon6and dollars. "Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Melvin, tho engineer, and the only survivor, who is .said to be prostrated with his terrible expe rience. In Colonel Fotheringay he mourns a friend and benefactor. He is now on his way to New York." Colonel Sloane sank back in his chair, fairly gasping with amazement ; then tbe blood left his cheeks, and he trembled like a leaf. "It's Melvin's doing !" be groaned. " Ths murdering villain 1 Why did I let him go 1" Before he could recover from the first shockol tho news, tho door opened, and his long missing daughter, accompanied by Isabel Raymond, rnshed iuto tho room. Both the girls wero pall as death, and wildly agitated. He saw in moment that they had heard the news. " Angy !" he cried. " Yes, papa," answered Angela hysterically, "I have come hock — I don't care now — vol cau kill me, too, now you havo murdered lnj Jack 1" "I murdered him!" cried Sloano aghast, " What docs tho girl mean ? Angy, are yot mad?" Here Isabel, who was white as marble, bnl far more composed than hor friend, interposed. " You have seen tho nowspaper — that horriblo telegram. Speak, is it true? For God's sake, speak, and tell us if it is true oi ; false ! " "I know nothing nbout it," answered Sloane. " I'd only just looked at the paper/' " Colonel Sloano, should it bo true (which God forbid) remember what I tell you now. 'ok knew of this ! You sent Colonel Fotherin gay to his death iu that frigbtful placo." "I?" gasped the Colonel falling back as it shot. " Miss Raymond, tako care." "Oh, lam not afraid of you," said Isabel. " 1 know well what you are, and though fol your daughter's sake I have been silent, your villainy has been long known to mo." " As heaven's my eternal judge, Miss Kay moud," returned Sloano pathotically, " I'm as innocent of this affair as you or Augy. I was that fond of Fotheringay that 1 wouldn't have harmed a bair of his head ; and as for the other young chap, I'd no idea ho was there, P'r'aps tbe news ain't true 1 P'r'aps it's the exaggo- ratiou o' tbem Herald correspondents' At any rate, don't blamo me." Meautiuio Angela had thrown herself, wildly sobbing, on a settee, and had hiddon her faca in her hands. "Ob, Jack! Jack I so good — so haudsomo— a so young ! It will break my heart 1 " " Don't take on so, my gal," said her father, wishing to look sympathotic and quito oblivious of his former auimosity to Kelso. "P'r'aps. it ain't your Jack after all. He ain't a pho tographer, is he ? and it's not likoly ho'dbo down at Sporanza." "He was going thorc, I know," sobbed. the girl. " Colonel Sloano," cried Isabel, "wbatrista bo done ? How can wo asccrtuiu the truth oi these reports ?" » Only by waiting," replied SloauiL " Likely there'll bo more details to-morrow." At this momont a servant ontored with a telegram for Sloane. Ho opened it and read as follows " Come up here at once." Tho seuder was Kyrle Melviu; the -office <4 issue Now York. Ths Colonel's manner convinced Isabel ai onco that this telegram had reference to hot own trouble, and sho cried, without hesitation, fixing her large eyes upon him ; — " Tell me tho contents of that telegram 1 Who is it from ?" " From Kyrlo Melvin," replied Sloane, afte) a mouout's hesitation, and ho placed it in hei hands. Augela sprang up, and the two girll read tho telegram breathlessly. "Oh, Isabel, it is his doing 1 " cried Angola. " Ho hated Jack for loving mo Isabol did not know what to think. Hat dislike to Melvin was not so intenso as that of her friend, and, alter all, it seemed improbable that the engineer could ho to blame. Tha roport said that ito had also been attacked and had narrowly escaped with life. It was all very liurriblc aud inexplicable. " Angy, dear," she cried, " thero is only ono thing to bo done. Wo might take tho cars at onco to New York, and find this man." "Just what I was going to suggest," said Sloano. " And, with your permission, IU bo your escort. " Great as was her disliko to Sloano, Isabel was far too anxious to object to this arrange- mant, so all three sot forth together — tho Colonel nervously excited, tho girls still crying bitterly. On arriving at New York, they took a hired carriage, and were driven direct to tho offices of tho mining company in Wall-street, whouco Melvin had sent his wire. Iu the outer office, which was large and finely furnished, sovornl clerks were busy. " Mr Melvin been hero ?" asked the Colonel. Ono of tho clerks replied in tho affirmative, Yes, Mr. Melvin had called in tho morning, and had promised to return in the afternoon. " We'll wait for him," said Sloane, leading the way into a largo inner room, used for thi meetings of tho board. But Isabel drew back, crying to her friend — "Come with me, Angy 1 Colonol Sloane; wait for us hero — we shall be back directly." " But whore are you going ?" " To tho nearest telegraph office. I have a message to send. Coine, Angy 1" The girls disappeared, and tho Colonol, with a groan, sat down and lit a cigar. Ho waa utterly perplexed, aud not a little alarmed. Soveral minutes passed. Then the door quietly opened, and a man entered, looking like a ghost from the grave. It was tho engineer. No soouer did ho appear thau Sloano leapt to his feet and seized him with both hands. "Youvillaiu! yon murdering villain 1 what docs it all mean?" "Let mo go, you foal," answored Melvin; " and speak lower, or else they'll hear yon." "Isitfruo then? Ate they dead ? "It is quito true. Wo were attacked in the night, and by a moro chance I escaped. " Meantime Isabol and Angola hurried along the street towards the telegraph offices, which were a few blocks away. They were about te enter the building when a young man, plainly hut neatly attired, camo up and addressed them, touching his hat respectfully as ha did so, "Beg pardon, ladies, but, can I speak to you ? " " Who are you? " cried Isabol, "What do you want ? " " If you please, I'm Lttko Stafford — his lord — Mr. Kelso's servant. I followed yon nil tho way from Long Branch." They looked at him in surprise, for up till that hoar they had had no notion of hie oxistence. He continued to address them earnestly for somo minutes. As ho spoke they started in wonder, and looked at each other. An hour passed, and Colonel Sloano and Molvin still waited in tho board room of the company. The engineer bad told his story in detail, embellishing it with a: many invonlinns as ho thought necessary. Then Sloane had informed him that the two girls were at hand, eager for news of tho mur dered men. Another half hour, aud the Colonol grew uiv easy. He hastened into the outer office — thoy had not arrived ; then io the telegraph office- no one there could give him- any explanation Ho returned, looking ghastly. " Can't make it out !" he cried. "They only went to sond a wire ! There's something ugiy at tho bottom of it, I calkilate." Hours passed, and still iho girls did not res turn. Tbat night tho Colonel, who was di» traded, heard no word of them, and during th| day that followed they were still missing. Cuaater XIII. — A resurrection. The 6ccond day after tho arrival of Colonol Sloano in New York there was a special and private meeting of tho directors of the South Speranza Gold and Silver Mine. Colonel Sloane occupied the chair, lookiog tho merest shadow of his old self, for the events of the lost few days had filled him with the sharpest anxiety. No further information concerning the fatal affray at the mine had yet appeared ; so the presumption was that the first telegram waa substantially correct. The directors present were ten in nnmbert and alllong and intimately associcated in b«4» ness with the chairman. As they sat round the table. they presented a collection of singularly ill-favored faces, the German Jewish type pre ponderating. " Well, gentlemen," said the Colonel, "the long and tho short of it is I hold Colonel Fotheringay's securities to an amount far beyond the purchase money ; also his transfer of tho property' in exchango for two-thirds fully paid up shares and one-third in cash. Hero is his receipt, all square and regular. So the unfortunate gentleman's deccaso won't inter fere in any way with our arrangements for floating the company." Thereupon the secretary was called in, and submitted his report to tho effect that the public had already taken up nearly all the shares offered in tho market, and that the com pany was, therefore, as tho Colonel expressed it, a going concern. "Before we proceed further," suggested a director, " wc had hotter interview Mr. Melvin, the engineer." This being generally agreed to, Kyrlo Mot rin. was shown in. He was neatly clad in black, which increased tho effect oi his ghostly pallor and tho half-healed bullet wound on tho neck. In a few soft and well chosen sentences he gave his account of the advontnre of Sper- anza, alluding pathetically en passant to tho great affection he had felt for Colonel Fotherin- gay, and laying particular emphasis on their friendly relations. "Tell the gcntlemon present, if you please," eaid Sloano, " the object of your last visit to the mine in our lamcn'.ed friend's company." Melvin smiled faintly, and bowed. "Colonel Fotheringay, as yon are aware, was the sonl of honor. Reports bad been spread to tbo effect that the valuo of his pro perty wns exaggerated in tho market. At my suggestion he determined to make a fresh per sonal inspection in my company. On my arrival, in bis presence I took a portion of tho lodo at random, and assayed it roughly. The experiment was to be repeated next day in tho presence of his friend, Mr. Kelso, who laid claim to a knowledge of mineralogy. For that pnrposo we remained at the shanty over night. " " Was the result, so far, favorable? " asked a director. "Certainly. It simply confirmod all(jny previous calculations, and Colonel Fotheringay was quite convinced of tho Talno of the pro perty." " Well, then, gentlemen," said Sloano, " nothing more is to be said. I move that Mr. MelTin's report be passed, and a printed state ment issued to tho public." "One moment, Mr. Melvin," said another director, " when you last saw Colonel Fotherin gay he was alive. Wo shall require official confirmation of his death preliminary to legal arrangements." " When I last saw him," said Melvin in a low tremulous voice, "he was standing in the shanty, revolver in hand, with tho other English gentleman. The attacking party were on every bide, armed with Winchester rifles. I have explained to yon how I narrowly escaped with lifo. The robbers were ten to two. Within a few minutes of my escape both the unfortunate gentlemen must havo fallen. This, as you are aware, is established by the newspaper reports. " ' Just so," said Sloano. "It is quite im possible that Colonel Fotheringay can have Escaped with life." " Quito impossible." . Sloano looked round the hoard. " Yon see, gentlemen, there's gp doubt about it. He's a dead man." At that- moment the door was thrown open, and a clerk entered with this announcement — f Colonel Fothemngat." A — fTo Be Continued.) 