BlY AUIXTrS ADVENTURIIE, Oyr GonoE DOCtISO Armew. The following incident is .a stricty true account of an adventuretbat happened to my - aunt, more than fifty years ago, In the city of London. We were all gathered aronutl the Cbhisi mas fire, and, as was our wont, .fter the fes tivities of the day, were telling ghost stories. It was a sortof custom in our family to tell weird and gheetly tles on that evening. - On this particular night our Aunt Alice weas present, and after some perauading, con. sented to tell us something than happened to her when a girl. "What I am going to tell is not a ghot . story. It is an adventure that befell me many years ago, when 'Burking' was a common crime. No doubt you all bnow what that menus, as a case occurred not long ngo in Baltimore. For those who do not understand I will explain. "In those days tho opportunities of pro curing bodies for medical exposition and instruction were limited. The students and profesaor were therefore compelled to resoit to all sorts of uneirhand means, nuch as robbing churchyards and riling toribs. But bodies could not b procured fat enough . oven by each means. Thoro now appeared a man who invented a plan for which'"ho b-eano notdrious. A fellow ctlled Burke. This wretch would hire some ruffian to steal up behind a man or womasn and throw a powerful sticking plaster over ilis victim's mouth. Strangulaticn would shortly enmu and the murderer would then take the body to some medical cdllego and eell it for a high price, as it would be free from all fracture. This was what we understood by 'Burking,' and, alas I it accounted only too truly for many of the mysterious disap:earaucce in those days. " We were living at the timo of my adven ture in.the heart of the 'Modtrn Babylon.' One night father and I were left alone in the house, the rest of the family having gone to visit Eome frieWds. We were talking together in his study, when he suddenly remembered that he had an important communication to give to my uncle. "' Ob, child. I am sorry they have gone out?' he extlaimed. "'Why?' I asked. " Your uncle should have got that letter without fail to.night, and now it is impos. sible.' " Cannot I-go' "'Absurd! No, child, under no circum. stances.' "' Oh, but father,' I continued, 'you know it is not far to unclo's, and the streets are lighted all the way. I must go. I shan't be more than half an' hour; nothing on earth can happen to me.' "I am afraid I was rather fond of hav ing my own way in those days; for go I did, with thb parting admonition, 'Don't stay at your uncle'c, but hurry home,' ring ing in my gers. " My neole's houso was about a mile from ours. Thero were two ways of getting to it; one,by a road, although it took longer, was well lighted; the other was by a cross-cut through numerous small street and alleys. " The night was cold and 'damp. After a brisk walk I reached my uncle's, gave my message and the valuable letter, and was about to go when one of my cousins, running up to mi, said, "'Oh, Annie, can't you stop a minute and see my new dress ?" "' Well I'll stop one minute and no longer,' Iroplied. "But one minute was prolonged to two, and two to three, and still I lingered. Tho new dross was solabsorbin a' topic that it s had banished my father's words entirely from my mind. I do not know how long I should have stayed had not my eye at last caught sight of the clock, and I saw to my dismay that it was half-past nine. The parting words of my father cimo to my mind, aid I was heartily sorr; for my thoughlsa dis obcdience. " ' Oh, girls, I must go I don't say another word Good-by,' "Throwing on my cloak and seizing 'my hat, I rushed down stairs. I almost ran now, in my haste to make up for lost time. Suddenly the thought, ' ince you are eo lato, why not take the short cut?' came to my mind, and I acted upon it immediately. "There were only a few people in the streets as I walked home, and they sesmed to get fewer as I approached what had been 'pointed out to mejs3 ' Thieves' Alter.' Past gloomy little shops, which Dickens so marvellously describes in his great works, and pest numerous odd turnings, I hurried. Throngh ' Thicvea' Alley,' quiet asa mouse, I stole. I had paEd the worst now, I thought. "I next came to a street bounded on both sides by dilapidaled houses. The place was so silent that I heard the echo of my own footsteps. I do not know what it was, but a feeling of impending danger so fell upon my mind I stoppedandlistned The street was silent and deserted. I crept along with eye and ear strained to cateh the slightest sound. I had reached the middle of the block when I heard a step behind me. B2 fore I could look around my arms wore seized, and a terrible weight was pressing into my back. I tried to scream bat my throat seemed paralyzed with fright. I was in the hands of ons of the 'Burko' gang! He had been lying in wait for me, rind would kill ine "Oh, the horror of that-moment I I shall never forget it. Tho rulfian tl on btgan to draw my arms together. I saw his purpose. -He wanted to hold my arms with one hand, so that with the other he might put the dreadse plaster on my face. Suddenly a thought-it was GJd-given came to my mind If I could wreuoh my arns tfee at the moment he would hold them with his one hand I might c-ipe. Slowly he brought' my arms together. liit powerful hand was already grasping my wriets when, with all the'nervous passion of diepifr, I thiew eny two flsts back over my shoulders, acl struck the villain full in the face. An oath, followed by a fall, was allI heard. I lew. Girlscan run as well as boys sometimes. Bathorror ! the wretch was following me. Footsteps rattled on tiih pavement bdhiind. I tore on, but my breath wasogoing. My purngar was rapidly approachink, still I reeled on, when -rapture never to be fprgoten---I -saw a 'peeler,' (that was what they alled a police man in those days) approaching. The foot steps behind mo stopped. I was saved! " Igainel the highway and reached our house. In order, to gain the instant atten tion of those inside, I thrust my arm thrpiegh the front window. TLhero was a crash, andI fell fainting on the steps. ather come run. ning oult and carnied me in, where after a time I told him all. "'That is my adventure; and in conolosion, my. pont continued, " I trust no one of you will ever have to undergo -such an ex periencc." ' A Now Telephonge.- fr. .A. Bell has taken oul another pitoen for transmitting and . recording speech and other iodnds, in which ' he makes ninety-two claites. The number is "2,268 of 1886; A.glass tube is fastened on a vibratoly copport of sodindboaid,' antd.pro water is passed through it, thl jet playing on the disphragm of a transmitting telephone. On talking to the soundboard, the round. waves throw the jet into vibrations, whichr are thus transferred to the telephone dia. phlragm "isid trademitted as erectriosl un * dnlationa,: : :" 