THE GREATNESS OF SMALL TROUBLES. THE importance of trifles and the great ness of little things are subjects that con stantly thrust themselves on public atten tion. Everyone who has thought about the matter has perceived that the sum total of human happine?a_or misery is made up chiefly of a multitucfo .of things that are individually insignificant. This fact is petrified in proverbs, expatiated upon by preachers, sung by poets, found in (Scripture, and underlies Acts of Parliament. Travellers worry more over petty annoyances than serious deprivations. Explorers make louder complaints of their sufferings from insect plagues than of theit perils from beasts of prey, and ordinary people have on the whole more trouble through trivial vexations than from serious calamities. Medical men are necessarily familiar with the operation of this principle in disease, for a large part of their time is spent in fighting enemies that are microscopically minute. Dr. Yerco in his inaugural address before the Medical Congress referred to som6 of them. The parasites that produce hydatids are con temptible little entities, and yet their ravages are worse than those of all the venomous snakes on the continent. In their insignificance are their strength and terror. If they could be caught like a wild dog, or if one could break their backs with a stockwhip, the terms would be more equal, but to hunt a creature that can only be seen through a microscope is discouraging. The festive mosquito, again, not only murders sleep and pro vokes unparliamentary language, but with his congeners, is responsible for an entire group of tropical diseases, and is strongly suspected of being nefariously connected with a great many more. The learned doctor intimated that, like other bad characters, this too familiar disturber of our peace should be subjected to close surveillance, but there are peculiar diffi culties in the way. His unsubstantiality and evasiveness are his defence. Mr. Phil Robinson describes him as a voice only except a sting-a ghost that bites. It is perhaps humiliating that next to nothingnesses like these torment us, exas perate us, and all the while flout us to our faces and defy all our superior wisdom and strength to either banish or extirpate them. The same sort of thing prevails else where. Of all the beasts of the field and fowls of the air that spread devastation through the land, wreak injury, and threaten wholesale ruin, the defenceless rabbit and friendly sparrow beat the rest of animated creation. The latter is just a feathered parasite. He loves the society of mankind, makes himself perfectly at home about our dwelling*), and, as Mr. Caldwell has noticed, even goes to church. He regards our fruit trees as planted for his especial edification, and our vines for his refreshment when the weather is hot. Such, at least, is the natural interpretation to be pub on his actions. He is thoroughly domesticated ; the more choice the garden, the better he likes it; and picturesque residences, with snug corners for nests, are his particular vanity, for he evidently concludes thit their embellishments are fox? hi3 espec' J convenience. He Is a thorough Briton being compounded of Irish humor, Scotch shrewdness, and English pertinacity. Ti?ere is fun in the flick of his saucy tail and the twinkle of his merry eye, but for all th«,t he is as wary and cautious as he seems confiding, and is as resolute as he is bold. From his own point of view he has achieved a signal success, and if some passerine pundit were to write a history of sparrow colonisation it would be a re cord of splendid triumphs. We have attacked his eggs and his head, but he mocks his assailants. We have tried traps, poison, cats, and powder and shot, but after exhausting our ingenuity and spending thousands of pounds he is as perky and ubiquitous as ever. In dividually he is almost too little to shoot at, but collectively he baffles the Ministry and the Parliament. The latest attempt to regulate him ended in an ignominious failure, and we have now to endure the consciousness that his ravages will cost us as much as the construction of a railway. The case is still worse with regard to the timorous rabbit. Scarcely anything that breathes could serve so well for an emblem of fearful and shrinking timidity, and yet it would be hard to find what is more fearful in the opposite sense. The rabbit is one of nature's paradoxes. A more utterly defenceless creature doe3 not exist, and yet In its fecundity it is armed with a weapon against which all attacks seem powerless. One pair of rabbits, it is said, under favorable circumstances will have a progeny of 13,718,000 in three years. They are like Chinamen in their ability to make a living where scarcely anything can exist. As the sparrows threaten to monopolise the produce of orchards and vineyards, so do the rabbits to take charge of ex tensive regions in the interior. In some places the vigorous efforts that have resulted from a feeling of despera tion have met wiih partial success, but it is evident that constant vigilance will be required even to keep the plague within reasonable limits, to say notfing of Its eradication. Hundreds on hundreds of square miles have been abandoied, and many a squatter has endorsed the statement that the country will have to be devoted to either sheep or rabbits, for it cannot maintain both. In New South Wales, as in other colonies, the pest was neglected in its earlier stages, and It has now become unmanageable. Money is being and will have to be poured out like water if the evil is to be coped with at all. A single instance will suffice to illustrate the cost of the operation. From one station the rent Is £2,800 per annum, but the contribution towards rabbit destruction will this year be about £11,000. ^In the western parts of the same colony loud complaints are made of the absence of any check on this side of the border. Droves I of thousands of rabbits are said to make their way across, and neither quarantine i nor poll-tax will hinder them. The com plaint, however, is made In this colony that New South Wales keeps up our supply of the destructive rodents. In the Barrier Ranges the rabbits are in swarm3 well-nigh innumerable. The New South Wales Ministers who recently traversed that part of the neighboring colony were so Impressed by the necessity of grappiling more energetically with the subject that since their visit a reward of £25,000 has been offered for an effectual method of suppressing the nuisance. Federal legislation and con certed action are required without much delay. There is something almost ludi crous In the thought of a humble little rodent taxing the energies of a group of Parliaments. Yet it Is altogether too serious to be laughed at, and the infested area widens bo rapidly that the problem is constantly becoming more difficult. If instead of the first pair of rabbits a couple of earthquakes had been let loose they would bare been less damaging. 