AMUSEMENTS. There are no novelties to chronicle for to-night at our varionsjjand now numerous places of amusement. Pautomiine holds its own at two theatres. American comedy and sensational drama at others, opera at another, and a promenade concert ana minstrel entertainments make ui> the rest of the theatrical programme- seeking patrouage. The audiences during the week have been Targe at cadi place of amuse ment which is a further proof that no matter what commercial depression there may be. there is always plenty of money available for ad mission to theatres. At the Theatre Royal, the pantomime " Sleep ing Beauty " is well presented by a very capable company, the Raynor Brothers aad Faust Family being the " stars." Miss Minnie Palmer in " My Sweetheart " has' become a perfectly bewitching little faTorite with playgoers, aud consequently the business is good. The Criterion Theatre, certainly the most cosv and elegant theatre in New South Wales, still has for its attraction the comic opera, " Falko." Owing to the numbers uuable to gain admission to the stalls, Air. Solomon has also decided to enlarge that part of the theatre to a considerable extent. 14 Dick Wklttiiigtou" at the Royal Standard Theatre is an immense success, and to the author, Mr. Lance Lemon, is attributable much of the merriment : for his jokes, or some of tbeui, are simply irresistible. The ballet and the harlequinade and the scenery and costumes are excellent. The Gaiety Theatre is at present the home of sensational drama, interpreted by an excellent dramatic company, including Miss Louise Davenport and Mr. C. H. Taylor. This eve ning "Queen's Evidence" will take the place of " The Shaughraun." To-night the Federal Minstrels give a change of programme, when serio-<onuc and comic songs and jokes and good singing by a number of good voices will form, the attraction, besides the usual burlesquing. This the last night of the Promenade Concerts is announced at the Exhibition-building, when a complimentary benefit will be tendered Mr. Sidney Churchill Orton, who has done so much to bring these popular concerts into public favor, by giving a: all times an interesting and artistic "programme. The Promenade Band will ?lay selections, while Mrs. Leonard Miss 'rancis Saville, Madame Ponssard, Signora Lardelli, Miss Ada Baker, Mr. Vernon Keid, Signer Lencioni, Mons. Pousaard, Mr. Percy Jones, Mr. F. M'Quade and Mons. Henri Kowalski are also announced to take part in the concert. The Manly Aquarium, possessing as it does an excellent collection of interesting specimens, has been and is being largely patronised. The Strasburg clock at Apollo-hall, Kidman's Buildings, Market- street, is a source or much attraction. The old Masonic-hall is occupied by Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost, and a very amusing ghost it is. Cottiers' popular concert will be giren as usual at the Protestant-hall to-night. The members of the Balaam Musical Union are announced to give their second quarterly concert in the Campbell-street Lecture-hall, Balmain, on Wednesday evening next. The artists include some of" the leading city ama teurs. Mr. Harry Saint Manr informs us that he has received a cablegram from Mr. Charles Wynd- ham which seems to indicate that the " Circassian." Mr. Saint Mauris property in Australia, will be the next Criterion production. Mr. Sain: Maur also informs us that the an nouncement of the production ot "Queen's Evidence" a: the Gaiety is entirely without his permission, no application having been mau to him on the subject, and he has already in structed his solicitor to protect the exclusive rights be bolus over this piece. 