Another Ghost'.— And a Real Ono. A conr.EsroxiiENT sends the J'all ilall the following ghost story : — The ghosts you 'introduce to us from Mr. Gumcy's book' aro simple apparitions. In no case are tho circumstances of the death suc; gestefi.. save in that of Oliver Shooter, who appeal clI with a wound in his temple.. But as he was on active service before Scbastopol at the time, the accessory was not an improbable one (supposing tlio apparition ltsen to nsive oeeu but it coincidental elfcet of tho other brother's imagination). The following frtory may interest your readers, as being less easy of explanation. I do not profess to have heard the story at first hand, but it wsis' told by Mr. Butler to Lsiely BloeimPeld, smd therefore, wo imagine, might easily be tr.iccel to its source. Mr. Butler, then (not the doctor, but quite a different person), when a boy at Harrow, con tracted si most intimate friendship with another hid. They worked, they walked, thoy played together; and in order still more solemnly to emphasise their friendship thoy ono day cut si hole each in tho other's arm, and signed u paper each in tho other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to tho survivor in person at the moment of his elocoiisc. After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw but little of each other. Their lives lay far apart ; the friend went out to India, Mr. Butler to college, anel then to the English bar. An eager correspondence was maintained at first, but an years rolled on it slackened, and tho friendship gradually died away, as boyish friendships will One wintry day, Mr. Butler, oppressed by business, worried anel overworked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, anel, colel sis it was, determined to run down to thsit comfortable little inn, tho Whitoshesif (by Virginia Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlour, the betterto enjoy his pipe, when ho was stsutlcel by the face of a man looking in at tho window. He did not know the face, smd vrt. it srf-inpd fnlnivnn. iiivfifpi'iniiH nftrnp.t.irm for him. He got up presently, under pretence of relighting tho pipe, anel passcel before the window to examine tho face more closely. It reminded him of something, lie knew not what, of se.mcone. Yes, it suddenly flashed uorasshis niiiiel Unit was the face, not of the boy he had known so well, but of a man such as that boy might have grown into, such as ho prohsiblv would be then (though Mr. Butler had nut seen him for years). Disturbed by this sudden rc- nwukfriiiug of old recollections, Mr. Butler spoke to the landhird. ' There's si man look ing into tho window,' said ho. 'Impossible, sir,' was tho reply. 'That window only looks into the court, and the gsite of that wns shut an hour ago.' The facu had disappeared: Mr. Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his seat, but could not rest — a strange haunting .sense of uneasiness took possession of him : onoo more he rose to bin feet. ' It is stifling in here,' ho ssiid. 'I must go out ; I cannot breathe !' 'Vein hud better neit, sir,' said tho landlord, as ho opencel the door: 'there's si keen east wind blowing, and you'll catch your death of cold.' Now, the Wheatshcsif is closo to tho lake, and Mr. Butler, stepping over tho threshold, i-tood looking out across the wateir. A dark and gloomy night — smd as he gsi/.Cil tho dark ness wined to glow and gather itself logether, deepening into a sort of focus which appeared to him liko tho mouth e-f u tunnel, mid as ho wateheel there csime out of tho tunne'l si train, nil brilliantly lighted from within by lumps, sinel as tho train approached ho paw in tho centro enrriugo two men engaged in a mortal struggle. Ono had tho other by the throat, and was forcing him buckwaiil by tho window. Tho man thus atlsickoil was resisting with all his might, when suddenly tho deieir eif this carriage flew open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butler's feet. ' Then, bending over tho mini, Mr. Butler looked into his face, and, behold ! it was tho sumo face ho had seen gazing in at tho window, anel which hail affected him so strangely only a few moments before ! And, again, oven us ho looked, the face hael melteel into air, the lighted train, tho tunnel, the boely of tho victim, all had elis appeared, and he stood alone there by the water's edge, in the deep, dark wintry night. With a cry of horror he staggoreel buck into the house, and, in answer to tho landlord's ai.xiems inquiries, said: 'lam ill — evidently in a high state of fever— delirious. It won't do for mo to bo laid up hero. I must get back to town as fast as I can.' And, lato sis it was, ho went off to the station, and back by tho last train to London. Tho next inornhu? Mr. Butler awoke, somo wliut refreshed by his excursion, in spite of tho unpleasant associations connected thcrowith. Ho found awaiting him somn interesting work, into which he plunged, and the incidents of the past night were forgotten. Two elays later, howover, they wero called to his recollection when, walking in Piccndilly, ho saw, on the other side of the way, a gentleman whom ho hud known slightly in former days an being tho brother of his schoolboy friond. Mr. Butler croffeel over to him at once. 'What news of Arthur i' ho inquired. 'Bad news,' said tho other, gravely. 'Deadf' Baid Mr. Butler. A melancholy shako of tho houd was the only reply. 'Killed? thrown out of a railway train F' continued ho, excitedly. ' Too truo,' returned tho brother, regarding him with undisguised astonishmont. ' But how on earth did you know 'i Wo only ro coived tho telegram from India this morn ing!' ^^ WiTn thousands of children roaming tho streets for want of school nccommodntion, Now York pays tho clerk of tho Board of Education 7,600 dollars n year. Down to 1883 nil tho cut nails in tlio United States wero made of iron, but in that year 18,224 kegs of steel nails woro mado, in 1831 tho number of kegs wero 393,482, and in 1885 it amounted to 1,823,127 (01,100 tons net) includ ing a tniall quantity of iron and steol nails. A Chinaman nt work on tho Northorn Pacific Railway, who had a griovanco against two of his countrymen, placed a ginnt powder enrtridgo I botween them while, thoy wero sleeping nnd , lighted tho fuse. The explosion blew out tlio ! entire sido of one of tlio Chinaman, and so badly j mutilated the other that ho will dio. I 