IftoveHot. \- HAW ELS NEST. A love Story. \ By Atiia. ' ?; (Concluded,) CHAPTER IH. \- - -A month wont by, and Tom Wildelove and his friend wore fully sottled atMdon bury.'-. ?? The former had decided .to live ? - with his sistor in tho pretty retreat, and ? ' Harry, as a thing ho insisted upon after the first fow days, took up his aborlo at the Pier Hotel, boyond tho Domain. ' There is no knowing how long- I may stay in Now Zealand,' ho said. ' I have \- been a restless Bohemian nil my days, and thoreforo may find it difhcult to settle down in a humdrum sort of oxisteuce.' ? ' Why not purchase a place here, and \- make' it: your lioino,' suggested Mies' Portia Wildelovo, ' by your own showing your Bolicmianism in tho past has not beon couleur tie rose.' ' Pooh, Madam, . Mr. Maydalo's en ? terprising spirit could never brook such a dull lifo as ours,' responded Oscar Bent, with a'suporcilious air. * They wore all in tho garden together, enjoying tlie cool of the October ovoning; Myraand her father Bide by side, she with . her . arm locked through his, her faoo ra diant with happiness. ^ Harry Maydalo turned his dreamy oyes upon Oscar aa that gentleman made this unnecessary remark. .' '-I don't think you know 1110 sufficiently to warrant your saying such a thing Mr. Bent,' ho said, .with just a shade of con . tempt in his tone. ' I know tho old adago . about tho rolling utono, but- that is not applicable in my caso.' 'Woll,ariiancannotsorve two masters,' v - responded Oscar; 'you onnnot make a \- good citizen out of a wandorer.' 'I beg. to differ with you, it is your : pilgrim — weary and worn with travel, who can best appreciate a homo ; What do you say Myra ?' Harry had somehow glided into tho habit of appoaling to her in small mattors of conversation, but that was not tho worst , ? of it. His calling her Myra without the profix of Miss, was an importinence which mado Osear Bent palo with suppressed anger. . ???????.???.-??????? Torn Wildelovo, whoso oyes had boon fixed upon Oscar with a watchful in \- tercst, now filled his pipo and proposed a ?stroll. ^ Wo might go as far as tho Bummit of ? ? ' tho cliff,' I10 suggested, ' it is many years since 1 was at the lover's soat.' p ' Oh, yea, very many years, brother,' added tho old maid. 'Tho spot seems to me liko tho brook in somo things — lovora \- - - come and lovers go, but tho seat keeps , ' there for ever.' ' Bravo, Portia,' cried tho sturdy old follow'with a laugh, ' you liavo improved upon tho oid song.' Thoy went up to tho top of tho jagged rock, Harrykeoping by Myra's Bide, Oscar sulkily following, iu company with the old ^ ? ? damo and her brother. Tho ovoning was . v woll suited for such a ramblo, for, as ' tho daylight had died out of tho sky, the ; ' full moon lent a soft sheon in lieu of ifc, so ? r that it seemed twilight still to tho little party. Tom Wildelove and Oscar lay on \- ' ~ tho turf, and Myra aud Harry sat upon tho . lovers' seat. None of them seemed inclined to 'talk savo tho spinster, who pac ing to and fro, like a sentinel 011 some night watch tour, treated tliem to a lec ture on tho advantages and disadvantages of the falling di w After that, it Wc.it 0 quite a quakers' iiicotiu' with them. Now nnd then a few sparks of chat wore struck, but thinking was most iu favor. It w»3 only when thoy began tho return journey homeward that thoir tongues were loos ened. ^ - 'I liko that lover's seat,' said Harry, ' with a suddenness that surprised every body; ' it is tho prottic3t spot on earth ; tho view iB magnificent. 'Not so wild and grand as snnio places wo have visited,' Baid Tom Wildolove. , ' 'No, but richer, moro mollow, if I . may uso tho term,' replied Harry, ' I was never in a placo I liked so well ; tho littlo good thoro is in mo was surely uppermost as 1 Bat thoro to night.' '? ' And I felt happy too,' said Myra, I :?-. hope our joy is to last.' ' Why should it not?' asked Harry eagerly. 'I don't know!' Myra replied, 'except wo aro told 110 joy in this lifo is lasting.' -. ' If wo do not mar our joy, others do . it for us,' Oscar interposed. Thoy did not answer him, and ho said [ no moro. Tho others talked gaily all tho way homo. Harry Maydalo took a great fancy to that seat on tho oliff ; ho was often lip thore, but when alone, tho placo seemed to have lost all its charms. Searohing for a causo, tho young advonturor soon dis covered that Myra s presence was neces sary to mako his joy completo, and so it dawned upon him that I10 had given up his heart, unsolicited to Myra, and honeo fortli I10 could not hope to livo happily without her. It was iv groat discovory, a tremendous rovolation, and it appalled him, for ho felt that tho neico of proud Miss Wildolovo was as high — both sooially and personally — abovo him as tho heavens aro above tho earth. His first impulse was to start away at onco for somo out of way cornor of tho world. Ho ovon sot liimsolf to scan tho different shipping columns of tho nows papers, and when I10 had decided on tho v'oyago, ho changed his mind as suddenly as ho had previously resolved. 'Why should I run away?' I10 said, ' That is not tho act of a man ; it would only bo leaving her open to tho worrying of this maudlin jack-a-napeB Bent, who soorn-3 as watchful and as morbid as ono of his Maori ancestors. Tho rivalry between theso two men becamo moro noticoablo ovory day. In stinctively, Havry felt that Oscar hated him, and had tho latter possessed no moro control over liimsolf than tho formor, there would liavo boen war to tho knifo. Although Oscar was jealous and angry at tho pleasuro Myra took in the society of his rival, yet I10 folt pretty suro of her. Ho inhoritcd abundant vanity from his mother, aB well aa beauty of person, and ho oalled to mind tho many happy years thoy had spent almost together, not to feol cortain that Myra loved him. Ho blamed himself for not having put the question to her before the arrival of her father and his friend, but I10 resolved to do so tho first opportunity which pre sented itself ; in tho meantimo he became more attentive to Myra — just in opposition to his rival, who became moro reaorved and shy in the presence of Tom Wildolovo's daughter. The spinster did not notico tho change in the manner of her young guests, but lier brother did ; ho know something of men and the world, and ho interpreted the emotions of tho ono, aB he saw clearly tho object of tho other ; I10 did not interfere, however. ' Opposition' lio Baid, ' would bo ?fatal. Myra is a woman, aud if I say what I can disccrn to bo TT10 truth about this Oscar Bont, she will straightway fall in love with him.' Perhaps the old man was right ; but was Myra really and truly in lovo with hor old playmate ? Wo shall see ! Oscar Bent had not long to wait for tho occasion to plead his caso. On a certain day, Mr. Wildelovo and Harry, wont out for a day'3 deep-sea fishing, Myra was to htivo accompanied them, but at tho last mornont, hor aunt was attacked with a severe headache, so tho girl remained at homo. -That.aa.mo afternoon,, when tho brunt of tho old lady's attack had passed away and she had fallen asleop, Myra wont out into tho garden with her ncedlo-work. In ono quiet cornor there was an ivy-colored bowor, a favourito lounging placo, and thither she wont. Five minutes after wards, Oscar Bent joined her. She ' Was not particularly surprised or pleased to see him, but accopted his com ing as a matter of courso. Ho was rather palo, and alio asked him if ho was unwell. 'I have 110 bodily ailment!' ho said, ' but I am not happy.' Sho looked at him in astonishment now, and saw hiB gaze fixed upon her with an expression sho had never seen boforo. Sho shrank from it, though, with an idea of its meaning dawning on he. ' Not liappy 1' sho repeated. No !' lie responded, drawing closer to her; 'Myra, dear Myra, I want to ask you to recall something to your mind. Do you remombor that day whon you and I sat upon tho lovers' seat, watching tho smoke of tho steamor that brought your father homo 1' 'Assuredly I do Oscar! it is but a very short timo ago.' 'Can you recall anything I said that day ?' ' ' I daresay I could ; wo talked, of many things !' ' But I want you to recall somothing vory particular.' Myra bont down her head thoughtfully, and briefly meditated on tho subject, but nothing camo of it. ' I am sorry, Oscar,' she said, ' I can not recall anything particular. It is very unkind of mo no doubt, but you must ro moinber what an exciting day it was.' 'True, Myra! wbll, I will recall tho subject. I asked if you would bo sorry if I went away from New Zealand ' Oh ! I remember that, Oscar ! but you wove jesting,'' she answered, smiling. 'Perhaps; but Myra, can you not guess tho object of tho quostion ?' Again Myra reflected, hut reflection did not aid hor at all. ITe was getting angry now, for lie felt he had already got his answer ; nevertheless ho stemmed tho t'jpj'rent of his wrath, and pressed his suit; ' Myra,' I10 said, ' I am going to say to-day what I ought to have said then. Wo have been scllool-fellows, have grown up woman and man together, and you liavo so bccomo part and pared of myself, that I ? ' ' Oscar, you must pardon me, but I think I hear my aunt's voico,' sho cried hurriedly. ' Nay, you cannot go until you have heard me,-' ho answered, barring' the way. ' No, 110, you had hotter not speak,' she said, in a tono of distress. ' I am not sure 1 understand, but if I do I should bo very sorry to ? ' ' Sony, Myra ! would you bo sorry to learn that I lovo you ?' 'No, not with tho old lovo !' ' What old lovo? Mine has beon tho same throughout all theso yoars !' ' I moan brothorly lovo, Oscar.' His great black oyos flashed out at hor. 'Myra, mine is not a brothorly lovo, it is something deeper, bettor than that 1' ' No ! no 1 Oscar I' 11 But I say, yes ! yes !' I10 cried vohomently, ' it is tho lovo that binds men and women togothor for timo, and a3 somo boliovo, through oternity. I ask you, Myra, to bo my wifo ?' She covered her face with hands for a moment, without ruplying ; then sho looked up at him, and tho tears woro in hor oyes. ' I liavo nover thought of you in that way, Oscar, nor over could 1' sho said ; ' my lovo for you has boon sisterly from tho first, and will ever remain bo ; tlie dis covory I liavo mado has inexpressibly pained mo. I wish from my heart you had not uttored what you have 1' ' Perhaps if I had spoken two months ago, it would havo boon different !'' His voico was hard and cold now ; all tho Maori in him was uppermost. 'What has two months ago to do with it, Oscar? It would havo beon tliosamo then jas it is now !' ' I do not boliovo it I' 'Oso ? Mr. Bont!' ' I repeat I do not boliovo it,' I10 oricd, stamping his foot. It was a doliborato insult to hor, and sho drow hersolf proudly up, and signed for him to stand out of nor path. ' I cannot talk furthor with you now,' alio said. 'Myra ? Miss Wildelovo, hear mo!' 'No more, sir.' ' You aro offended ?' ' It iB a direct insult to doubt tho truth of what I say. If you aro a gentloman you will atancLaaido 1' ' Ono moment. If Harry Maydalo had not como, then ? ' Ho stoppod short, for tho hitherto meek and gontlo Myra, bocamo suddenly trans formed into an outraged woman. ' How daro you ?' sho cried, hor blue eyc3 ablazo with scorn. 'By what right do you protond to read tho secrot of my heart ?' 'You lovo this uncouth, ignorant Bohemian !' sneered Oscar. 'I do not deny that I lovo a manly, noblo fellow, who ia uttorly incapable of playing tho part of a bully 1 bIio answered, with withoring contempt ; aro you satis fied now?' And then ho lot hor go. ' CHAPTER IY. From that timo a cliango came over Os car Bont. Ho did not cease his visits to Hawksnest, or show any different feelings to Myra, savo that I10 was less attentive than of yore, but moro courteous in his demeanour when thoy met. Tho change lay in his genoral mode of action. Hither to ho had been tho princo of idlers, now he bocamo vigorously nctivo. Swimming, boating, and fishing becamo his solo study. An old fisherman, who lived alono amongst tho crags of Mount Tangahiti and who know overy Bhoal and rock along tho coast, was tho young fellow's coach and tutor, and he found in Oscar a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to note the change in him. His present mode of living convoyed tho impression to hor womanly soul, a doop and lasting regret for his misconduct, and not that alono, but this vory distraction from hia provious pursuits appoared only as a means whereby he sought to forget his lovo. If such was tho caso, Oscar had succeeded to perfection, for the girl readily forgavo him and returned to her old ways in his company. Tho change had its effect also upon Myra's father and his friend. By degrees tho prejndico folt by thoso twain against him molted away. Ho was ao hearty and genial to both, that, thinking thoy had hastily misjudged tho man, thoy wero all tho moro ready to oxtond tho hand of friendship. ' Meanwhile, Myra and|Harry wore drawn together, witl\ tho inovitablo result. Their hearts had long beat in sympathy, and their lips could not withold tho secret. He pro posed in hia honest, straightforward fash ion, and was accepted. Sho loved him, and why should sho be prudish and assume a doubt when no doubt existed ? So she said, 'Yes,' and thoro was great rejoic ing at Hawksnost. Oscar Bent was vory warm in hia con gratulation. Ho told Myra that I10 was ploased at her choico in spito of what had happoncd, and to Harry I10 Baid that of all mon in Now Zealand, I10 would have chosen him to marry his ' sister iMyra.' Harry thanked him and ropliod that ho would endeavor to mako her happy. Ho purchased a block of land noar tho villa, and gave orders for the erection of ajsub stantial dwolling thereon. As Oscar showed somo architectural taste, ho was ofton consulted about tho work going on. Ho gavo his advico choerfully and seemed anxious about tho house as if it had been his own. Wliilo all thoso preparations woro going forward, Oscar and Harry spent much of tho timo togethor in tho former's sailing boat, cruising about tho rocky coast. Harry was vory fond of tho water, and Oscar's cuttor was a wonder in the* way of boat building. It wanted just a week to tho all import ant day, that was to seo Myra and Harry man and wifo. when Oscar and Maydalo went out for a day's sail. It was a lato autumn day, rather cold, with a chopping wind knocking about tho soa. Tom Wildolove helped them to get tho boat ready, and advised them to lceop woll in shore. ' '? Thero is no knowing what such a morn ing may bring forth in tho way of a galo ero night,' lie said. ' We are not going far, sir,' answered Oscar; then turning to narry I10 added, ' If you think there's anytlung to fear, pray don't go,'' Harry laughed. ' I'vo bocil usod to a rough life, and therefore don't mind rough weather. Be sides you can manago your boat to perfec tion.' 'No man better, I'll go bail,' ojacu lated .Tack' Cod, tho old fisherman, who Blood by, smoking .1 short black cutty. Thoy ran tho boat down and leaped ill as sho shot, into the sea. Tho squaro main sail and foresail were act, with a reof in the former, and Oscar took tho helm. ' 1 think wo will run out by tho Tanga Reef, we get less wind thero,' I10 said. ' I understood tho Tanga rocks wero dangerous,' replied Harry. 'To thoso who havo not studied them, 110 doubt thoy are,' responded his com panion, 'but thoro is 110 real pleasuro without a triflo of danger to give it zest. I know ovory foot of this coast, and can sail within pistol shot of tho reef. _You shall see.' As tho boat got out into tho trough of tho short waves- he was in high spirits, and his manner was moro liko that of a school boy lot loose for a holiday than a man out for an hour's onjoyment. ' You aro gay this morning, Oscar.' 'Very gay, my friend You shall wit ness some f mo sailiiig this day, if tho wind only holds.' , 'It will hold, I think.' 'I hope so. Bcsido I have a surprise in storo for you, Maydalo.' 'What is it?' 'You shall seo presently.' The Tanga rocks lay about two miles and a half to the east of tho cliff at Eldonbury, and they wero worthy of being termed dangerous. Black in appearance, and fatal to any vessel, largo or small, that chance might cast iu thoir vicinity. At high tidothoy peeped no moro than a fow foot abovo tho waves on a calm day, and whon tho wind was high, foam alone markod their whoreabouts. At low tide they woro still surrounded by water, for thoy woro ugly, razor-backed masses of stor.o, that had thoir foundation in tho sand full fifty fathoms down. On this day, and at tho hour tho boat started, tho tide was almost at its highest point, and nothing but foam about them could bo seen. As thoy drow nearer, Harry, who had somo little knowledge of seamanship, saw that the placo presonted ono hugo bar of whilo curling breakers in front, and to right and loft of them, with not so much as tho ghost of a passage for tho boat, which was now madly plunging right in amongst them. 'It is madness to attompt a passago thoro, I10 shouted. ' Put up the holm !' ' You coward, bo quiet,' cried hiB com panion, laughing hoarsely. 'I told you I was going to surpriso you, so I am.' ' Put up your holm, or by tho ? ' ' Do you threaten mo, and here?' in terrupted Oscar, with an oath, his faco suddenly assuming tho forocity of a tiger cat. Harry saw the cliango, and know what it meant. Ho had seon many dangorouB mon during his wandoringa, and I10 saw that I10 had ono to deal with now. ' H-— 11 eeizo you,' yolled tho now in furiated Oscar. 'Keop back from mo. Tho sight of you is poison to my soul. For months I'vo played my gamo and fooled you all. I'vo brought you to your fato, and yonder white-faced cat at homo may mow for your coming until tho trump of doom.', Boforo^ho could utter another word, Harry tliroiv himself upon him, and a fu rious strugglo took place- for tho posses sion of tho tiller. They were both strong men, ono with a latent devil ill him fight ing for rovonge, tho other battling for Ilia lifo. Do all ho could, Harry Maydalo could not movo his antagoniat from his grip of tho holm, until tho frail vessol crashed upon tho rocks. 'Hurrah 1 This shall be your wedding day,' shrioked Oscar, and tho next moment the sea and rocks rent tho craft to pieces, and both mon went down. Thoy wero locked togothor as tho waves east tliem up again to tho surface, and Oscar, being nearest to tho sharp-cutting reefs, recoived a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to roleaso his hold upon his rival. Harry was a strong swimmer, but I10 waslialf stunned, and blinded by the spray. Ho felt that the chances of escape wero small, but tho thought of Myra nerved him to make tho effort. How long I10 fought with tho whirling eddies, and tho seothing cauldron into which ho had been cast, I10 never could estimato. A man will fight hard for hi3 life, and especially a man on tho eve of being married. After much buffeting, and when his strength was well-nigh gone, Harry Maydalo found himself in smoothor water. Even hero ho was tossed and tumbled about liko a worthless cork, until suddenly a far-off voice reached his ears— 'Ahoy, mato! This way;' and the exhausted swimmer know it was tho voice of Jack Cod, tho fisherman. By-and-by a boat approached, and a rope was cast closo to him, which he seized and hold. ' I Baw your dangor, iny lad, and put out aftor yo,' cried tho old salt, as I10 hauled Harry into tho smack. ' But, I s'ay what lias bccomo of Mr. Oscar?' ' Where is ho ?' gasped Harry. There was a pause for a moment, and then Jack cricd out — 'Ah, thero ho is, in tho whirlpool of tho Tanga !' ' Steer for him. Fifty pounds if you save him !' Tho fisherman stoorcd, but it was too lato. Oscar Bent, liko his antagonist, was completely exhausted. Just at tho moment when I10 saw his hated rival safe in tho boat, a huge wavo lifted lum bodily up, and dashed him a mangled corjiso on tho reef. ' A dangorous man, Harry. You had a narrow squeak for it, boy,' said Tom Wildolove. ' I had indeed, sir,' Baid tho young fellow, doffing hia hat, with a feeling of roveronco aud gratitudo. Tho two wero walking tho littlo garden path boforo tho villa, a week aftor tho tragic affair, at tho Tanga rocks. ' It was wiso of you to keop the affair to yourself, Harry.' 'Ayo, sir. Better bear it than lot Myra know what wa3 hidden in her old play mato.' 'To be sure, lad. Your wedding will have to bo postponed for threo months ; that will bo a trial.' ' Perhaps, sir.' And so it was settled. Only two mon in Eldonbury knew tho socret of that catastropho at tho Tanga Reef. . j 