OUR GHOST'S STORY. They never discovered that he was A Qhost until the third or fourth night, wheo, at about a quarter to eleven, just as the stewed fruit was coming on, the senior Puke, without A . roo* mont's warning, leaped on to his chair and shrieked for brandy at any price. It came out in this way. One of the Duchesses had dropped her spoon under the table, and. the bead watter had begged the privilege of present- ing her with a clean one; but her Grace said she would have her own spoon or none at all, so the waiter* lifted the candlestick from the table to look for it on the floor. In doing this he carried the candle behind the De- jected Man, when the Duke, who was sitting opposite, perceived jo hm horror that a man-was transparent» The Duke was possessed of iron nerve, and had proved his mettle on a hun I dred race- course, and he did what I ! have told you. , The company waited until he had I finished the bottle, and then inquired the reason of his distress. By this I time the Duke had regained his usual brilliancy of colour, and was abie Jo state with great distinctness that the I reason he had screamed for brandy in that measureless way was that he had suddenly found himself opposite a sportsman with a carca^eof plate-glass j -in short a confounded ghost. I ' And there the Johnny is,* said the Young Man, pointing with his finger j at the man, who was composedly 'fill- ing his pockets with oranges, as if hé I were going to the theatre. I The waiter was still ataoding behind him with the candle, so that they I were all able to verify for themselves the phenomenon which had so nuca I unnerved the Duke*. , v . j ." I He was completely trans^B|'ent» You could «ot have seen : throuj^&im.; more clearly if he had lu$n.,$: inere tissue of electioneering promises. ' The Prince fortified hinu)eTfrJDu| bf the nearest 4ecanter, and rising Sn a graceful maimer, iaquired of Jtbe ^an^ firstly, who was he ; itt^y« esme from : thirdly and lastly, ; wbjafc he was 'út^^x^'á^íi^^i^ he meant by causing a Duke to «it ^ip in that mapner ?. '««prï ' To all of which quesUonB %» tranji «ame from they majli^n^^f^-ll w«ms^*iiift^ and a third a seller of oooling^rioj* «tthe race*, twrà ï}p'l'iot£--.a'Ai :?? '''*%iâW:$U-i jbçiciUTiiïai ^^hüQSß 'Ootsbody! Where do you oom from, then ? ahouted the senior Datt * Tea,* said the Prince ; * where d you come from F I may remind you young man, that you told UR just not we might ail go one day to the Hons of Correction.' 'There'll be "correction" enoug] for all of you when you come to liv where I do,' replied the man, with \ chuckle in which there was no longe anything human. 'Iwasafair-haire Marquis once, with a cellar of por wine two miles long. lu the prim of my manhooil I was stricken do wi by a Bill to give one goose per head with trimmings, to the populace a Christmas time. I died, and what an I now?' * Where do you come from ?' insiste* the Prince. Hère the man became incoberen again, and muttered a name whicl only those in his immediate neigh bourhood could catch. The Bishop caught it, and frowner heavily. * What place does he say P' inquire« the Duchess who lost her spoon. The Bishop repeated thé name to ber in an undertone, with an explana tion 'The Revised version V . What' that ?' said the Duchess, in referenc to the explanation. The Bishop explained again, in ¡ louder tone, which everybody beard aud when the company uriderstooc that the quondam Marquis was real!; a visitor i'rom the subterranean am little known kingdom of TeufMsgot you, their interest in bim increasec considerably. But the Bishop was manifestly an- noyed. ' For my own part,' he said, 'I don'l believe there is such aplace; Arc you not aware, sir (to the stranger), that the advanced clergy, with thc Venerable Archdeacon Farrar at theil bead, have been indignantly throwing coldwater ob you for years past?' 4 'They may báve been throwing cold water on us,' answered the Ghost; with a faint and thirsty smile, 'but they haven't put us out,' at which the company shuddered. Questioned further as to how he came there, the ghostly Marquis was understood to say that he held the office of assistant cook in the Boya! kitchen, under a prelate well known for, his astronomic genits, and the boiler having got out of repair be had been granted a few dàyè. leave. 'Then'-wè may take it my lord,* said the Prince, ?* that youárereallv abbná:iaaékh08tf' ' And à bona-fide traveller, too,' replied the Ghost, licking his lips; 'for I can tell you, chappies, it's a pretty steep journey up here.' * You have but to give it a name, my lord,' said the Prince, waving his hand in the direction of the fifteen thousand wine bottles modestly dis« played, on the sideboard. 1 The HGrhost answered that if they would give him a glass of undiluted carbolic acid and a dish bf curry, so that he might begin his dinner over again, he would out of gratitude tell them another story before he returned fibmé, his leave being up that evening. The . viands were brought, and the Duchess said sweetly * I hope you'll tell us something about , your own botae/'my: lord, I mean your, bresent'home. ; It will be in strict confidence, you know, tot there ; are nb nasty newspaper'fellows tíbbüt;' 1 *ï won't* said toe Ghost, bluntly, butfirmly. 'No. I won't* he screamed, Tnèny sinking bis voice, be became quite the Marquis again, atad whimper. * loarenot: ' Thé¡sfriotétí of all the conditions on which our passes ate granted tols that we till no talés out of ïduooî. * Üead men,' he added, laughing at his own jóké till ali his bon^s tattled, f dead men tell no tales ^ Went <m the :0h^, «rilAe1i Éstofy I heard from a wahaup mmààhà >wmm bf °!f®m * My efficient friend/ answered the Ghost, earnestly, * if I should tell yon the trade to which Parliamentary whips are put in Teuffelsgotyou»; you would be somewhat less apt of speech. « When I lived in Islington 4 You said Bermondsey just now, confound you !' observed a Duke. . ' I'll make it Greenwich, if you don't lot me alone,' shrieked the Ghost. 'For mercy's sake, keep out of Greenwich, man. they'll put you in the hospital if you go there,' said the Admiral. ' Very well,' replied the Ghost. ' But if I am to be tied down to one quartet- or another, I shall never get on, I will put it in this way :-- When I lived in our street, I was not then, strictly speaking, a Marquis. In fact, I was at that time a clerk in a Govern- ment Savings Bank. I always believed. that I was destined to marry the daughter of a Duke. At least I be 1 ired that as much as I believed a yt hing else; and if you listen to my story, you will know bow I did it. I had talked the matter, over with a friend to whom I owed; money, and-to whom it is quite pos- sible I may be owing money still, for I have no recollection of having paid him. He has no recollection of it either ; nevertheless, for the sake of brevity, I will call hint the Man. in the Pink Hat. He told me he knew the very girl I wanted, and the daugh- ter of a puke to boot. He said his Grace bad so many daughters on. hand that he seldom refused a reason- able offer, and recommended me to apply at the house in Belgrave Square sjnie morning before eleven. I did ] so, and the footman who let. me in sn id it was customary on these occa- sions to give something small to. him in the way of change. ; As I never carried small change about me, I did not listen to his request, and he -di- rected me to a passage, at the end of which was a door with a brass han- dle. I went up to this and knocked, and thc door opened, though Ï never khëw how. As I crossed the thres- hold a panel with white letters on it sprang out of thé wall, just as .it does in the House o( Correction when a prisoner wants to converse with the warder. The panel was inscribed like this : - * MAXÄIMONIAL OFJFICE SRCOIÍDDOOB, . ojs aaa BIGHT. . , ^ ; * It is very little usé applying. BeÉ careful how you go. If you havè any^ valuables, leave them outside? . 1 '. As I found on putting kay band to my pocket that the footman had re- lieved me of my watch, X went on to the second door on the right, opened it, and found myself in the presence '> of the Duke of All Fours. He 'had thirty daughters, and a nice life they led him. Eighteen or twenty of them ran away with cavalry colonels every week ; hut the colonels always sent them back the week after, and the Dake paid the hotel bills toi avoid scandal. He was sitting at his desk to trans- act matrimonial business, as he always did from eleven to three. 'Have you considered,* said the Duke, when I had presented my ap- plication,, 'what a pang you propose to inflict on me? If you fake this girl off my hands I shall only have twenty-nine left.' 'Many fathers consider .their quiver too full with half that number/ I answered timidly. 4 The half of twenty-nine is fourteen and a-half,' mused the Duke. . I apologised, and the Duke, pur- suing his inquiries, aslçed which of bis daughters it was that I intended to marry. - ' I said that I Bought the hand of the Lady Vanilla, the youngest, i, tm; ; - * Many fathers like Abe youngest tito best,* njurraured tho Duke ; bat addr ed, after a pause,'Idont.'. ¿V:' I enquired, with some indignation, how that should .be; hut;the Hake answered, mildly» that it rwasrnp busi- ness of smuto. r'p.<u:)v.i-i K r Helthen rangfor some coffee, ^nd, requesting that I would rtniam stand, lng, ha jpartook of it in A iléisorely PMmttir*4 4'f4'?h'>' i'J Luir. í»rt;!víü*-i} u-.vi , : 'Are you in favour 'Mk abolishing anythtngf his Grace askfd I*xt. ; : «aid that if shilling;^ ;far*s coirtd oe nbolUufiil hAmmâ»âk*'*6h9t 'You are probably not aware,' observed the Duke, frowning heavily, ' that I own half-a-dozen cabs on the rank in the »ext street. If you don't believe me,' he went on, seeing that I hesitated, ' I can show you a bill tor two quarts of oats which I have just refused to pay. I answered nervously that X did not know oats were measured by the quart. I could see by the way the Duke bit through his underlip that it was a foolish reply ; but this was my first proposal, and I felt awkward and em- barrassed. * Does the girl want to marry you ?' was his Grace's next question. I said I believe not, but trusted her ladyship would think differently after marriage. ' They generally do after marriage,* said his Grace. ' I ough to know, for Tve married a good many wives in ray time. Are you in favour of Free Education from the top to the bottom of the ladder?' I said I thought no wife ought to be satisfied with less than five and six- pence a week pin money. ' The. Duchess has never had more than three and six,' said the Duke, and frowned again. I answered hurriedly that enough was as good as a feast, and tho Duke said, as he kicked a passionate hole in bis writing-table, that if I meant that as a hint that I was hungry he would take good care it was lost upon him. I said I never took anything between my. meals, and the Duke said it was all the same to him whether I did or not. He continued ' i Are you in favour of restricting the insurance of Ships and Freights to thrèe-fourths of their market value, so as to prevent ship-owners from benefiting by the loss of their ships ?' I really did not know what to say to this, for the slightest motion of the vessel makes me ill, and I am about as capable of splicing a fore- castle as of interpreting Mr. Glad- stone's meaning when he speaks plain- ly to the people. The Duke observed my hesitation, and he was glad to see that I was a man who did not Speak at random. From that moment I knew that the lady "Vanilla was mino. * ' Are you in favour,* said the Duke, * of taking the war-making power out of the hands of the Cabinet and kestlng it in the House of Commons P' -j i 'All Ï know is, your Grace,' 1 answered, * that I howe a 'esp of j cooney to nearly every man in the Guards, and a nice little war like wot j we used to have w'en 'Enery the j Height was King might mow some of 'eta down.' . The Duke said that he was not aware that Henry the Eight had ever gone to war in his life, except» with his wives, and 1 murmured my thir teeath apology, and said that perhaps my history or his Grace's was a little : at ft ult. The Duke said he liked my candour. 'Have you ever seen the girl?' inquired his Grace. 1 confessed I had not, but said I had heard from a friend who had seen her in the Bow that she was just the wife I wanted. The Duke said that I evidently knew what I was about; and he bad only one inore question to put to me, after which he hoped to address me in terms very dînèrent from any that he had; hitherto felt himself at liberty to em- ploy. * A^e you,* he said, *in favour of giving School Boards the option of providing the scholars with one free meal a mouth ? Are you in favour of putting a millstone about the neck of every. Mayor aud Town Clerk in the Kingdom, and sinking them in some convenient stream ? yYould you hang without trial or benefit of clergy every man ' who has ever written to the da¡Íly papers between the last week of íuly and the fijst of October? Are ypu.in fayour bf Parliaments, tne march'ot lbs, ag¿ three-member constituencies, a sound gooseberry in pla^eof ball fchajnpague, no votes to aa in the Town Council« of au age To all of which I replied, unhesi- tatingly ' Your Grace, I do.* 'Then,* said the Duke, 'you can clear out as fast as you like, for I take my oath I won't give my daughter to a man like you.' ! I bowed and shuffled, and left the bouse in the same order in which I had entered it, I went to the man in the Pink Hat, and told him everything just as it had fallen out. ' You should have said exactly the opposite,* he replied, when I mention- ed the various answers I had given to to the Duke. So now you know the reason why X never married the Daughter of a Duke. ?But,' objected the Judge, *you distinctly gave the company to under- stand at the outside that you did marry the daughter of a Duke.' ' Yes, that he did. He has deceived us again!1 chorussed the company. 'Then in these circumstances, and by the leave of his Boyal Highness,' said the Judge, ' the sentence of the table upon you is, that you be pitched legs first out of the window.* ' Certainly,' assented tho company, and the waiters were ordered to give effect to the "sentence. But before this could be done the Ghost had melted away, leaving be- hind him only a smell of sulphur. Vanity Fair, 