O CONtf ELL'S HOME. THE mountain home of Daniel O'OonneU is in danger of passing away from his raoe. The chapel, with every special privilege a grateful Pontiff oonld bestow on the Irish Oatholio champion, will, of necessity, be closed if the family are forced to abandon their home and worship far away. For sixty years it has been a centre for faith and prayer in the district. The grandson ol Daniel O'OonneU is a bankrupt, simply because his tenants oannot pay, and he haa heavy charges on the estate which must be met. A oomparatively small sum would enable Mr. O'Oonnell to preserve his anoestral home and ohapel. He haB a wife and five young daughters, and has lived among his people and endeavoured to serve them. During the distress of 1879 -80, he and bis wife collected over £800 for the poor in their neighbourhood, and Mr. O'Gonnell acted also as local secretary and treasurer to the Duohees of Marlborough s, the New York Eerald, and Mansion House Funds. In other years, relatives then wealthy oould have oome to Mr. O'Connell's resoue, but they, being landlords too, are suffering,though in a lesser degree, from some canses, and cannot help him as they might desire. There are generous hearts m the greater Erin beyond the sea which do not forget what the Irish Washington effected, and strove to effect, for Faith and Fatherland. , To them, as to the Irishmen in oor grew colonies, and to those neither Irishmen not Oatholios, bnt admirers of Patriotism and Faith, we turn in the hour of need to saw the Home of the Liberator. The Most Bev. Dr. Higgins, M.C., Bishop of Kerry, Killarney, will receive donations. The MoBt Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop ot Hobart, Tasmania, will be happy to reoeiw and transmit donations to the treasnrer, tw Bishop of Kerry. THE oldest Cardinal now living is Cardinal Newman, aged 85. The youngest member of the Sacred College will be (after tbe Consistory to be held in March) Mgr. di Reode, now Nuncio in Paris. He is in his fortieth year) arid was Archbishop of Benevento at the early age of 32. , THE Prussian Government has consented to give full liberty to the religious Orders, with the exception of the JeBuits and those that are declared to be similar to the Jesuits —the Eedemptoriets, the Lazarists, ,-Fathers of the Holy Ghost. The Moscow Gazette says that a compromise between Bussia and Austria in the East ot Europe is impossible, and warns P«0JJ Biemarok not to encourage Austria to thwart Bussia in that quarter. IF you drink wine, drink the best. If J?" drink Schnapps, drink WOLFE'S, which is »» only genuine SCHNAPPS. 