\- A. IVJUui'g HIotliei'-iiHLnw. It is a mystery which no one has yot solved, why so many sad jokes aro constantly being perpetrated about a man's mother-in-law. WTint dreadful crime has tho unfortunato woman com- mitted in providing tho man with his wife that lie should bear such au undying grudge against her? Now it it was u woman' inothcr-in- law who was made the butt of these jokes there might bo a grain of seiiso in them j for it is tlio wan mother who has it in her power to mako life a buidon to tho young wife nud not half try. Ab a matter ol fact, a woman is usuallv proud and fond of hor son-in-law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young euuplo first go to house-keeping who is it that comes in and with her good sense nud practical experience tides them over tho rouh places i ' a A man's mother-in- law. It is tho woman's inothor-in-lnw who is most apt to criticise, and who exas perates the young wife by quoting, all to frequently, " My sou is used to having things thus ami so." " My son must lmvc this or that for his meals." " My. son with his small income, should have married a prudont, economical woman," etc. When the first baby makes Ms ap pearance, well ns!tho successive once, who is it that stops in nnd relieves tlio husband «»F his weary vigils, and takes tlio load of euro and worry oil tho wife's feeblo shoulders, and keeps tho household machinery running smoothly ? The man's mother-in-law. When he and his wifo plan to take a little trip together, who is it comes in and takes charge of tlio houso and the children, so that they can peacefully enjoy thoir holiday, with tho restful thought. " Mother is thero and it will ho all right ?" Tho man's mother-in-law. When thoro is sickness or troublo in tlio house, who is the faithful nurse, the wise counsellor, tho sympathising friend ? Tho man's mother-in-law. And if, in the course of events, tho wifo dies who is it that usually comes in and tnkos onro of tho children, and keeps up the homo till tho bereaved husband has timo to look around nnd find another wife ? A man's mother-in-law. And how does bo reward her for all this dovotion ? By making heartless jokes at her expense and publishing thorn for other men to snicker over ! Ingratitude, thy name is Man ! 