Brevities. The Emperor William is recovering. Explorer Stanley reports progress, i All well. A new Sabbath-day's amusement — 'Shark baiting' at Bondi. He was so successful at the bar that he is a failure at the bar. Trade of ail descriptions in and about Sydney Bishop Barry held a confirmation service at Cobitty yesterday. Minister of Justice inclined to advise a new court house for Newcastle. No eases of- typhoid can be found in Waterloo, but measles are prevalent. The Orient steamer, Oroya, has on board the Queen's statue, for Sydney. The Privy Council has dismissed the appeal in the case Russell v. Penningtan. Western Australia is to have responsible Government, under certain conditions. It is said the new Land Bill will put a million of money iuto instant circulation for labor. The sailing races on Saturday afternoon re solved themselves into ' drifting: matches.' Sailing boats fared badly in the harbor yester day, several were overturned and one fatality. Medical opinion is unanimous that interments in Devonshire-street cemetery should foe stopped. Owins? to the batbinsr that goes on at the Basin at Coogee on Sunday, ladies cannot approach that part. An all-comers* handicap race in outriggers for JB1OO is shortly to come off on the Parramatta Biver. The Minister for Justice will recommend thafc a Quarter Sessions Court be held at Newcastle in future. The old Canterbury-road, Petersham, sadly needs repair. Two Accidents in one week is not a bad record. The recent trip of the Marine Board occupied ten days, and one thousand three hundred miles ?were traversed. Mr. Goodcbsp is in Newcastle, inspecting the waste land which is to be sold near the Honey suckle Station. \- . Tbe behavior o£ some girls in a Park-street hotel last Sunday evening excited both astonish ment and disgust. Great waste of water in Holden-street, Ash field, all day on Saturday. By some mistake a plug was left open,. It is alleged that the ghost of old Scotch Mary, the Bondi witch, has been seen on the cliffs two nights successively. Mr. A. G. Taylor; the Examiner of Patents, has prepared new regulations to govern future appli ~ Cations for patents. The London police disttersed a mass meeting- of ?the ' unemployed' on Friday, and arrested the ringleader, one Webb. Fred W. Sankey, who was fined £2 for non \- attendance as a juror at the Quarter Sessions, had his fine remitted. One hundred and fifteen failures in New South Wale3 during last month. The liabilities amounted to .£142,9SS. Leopold Ogilvie, a Paddington youth, has been drowned in Eushcutters Bay- The canvas dingey , he was in, was overturned. The candidates for the Mayoralty of Adelaide -for the ensuing year are reported to be Mr. Cohen, \- M.P., and Alderman Shaw.^ . The largest arrivals of _ Australian wine ever , known in the London market occurred during the last week in September. Messrs. Shavr, Lillywhite, and Shrewsbury's team of English cricketers are to be feted to a . picnic down the harbor to-day. With regard to the recent gold find near Dubbo, there is nothing to warrant a rush. One or two small nuegets have been found. The Federal Building Trades Council has made arrangements for holding a public meeting in support of the Eight-HoursLegalising Bill. Collective, in preference io individual, exhibits are advocated by a circular;issned by the German Commissioner to the Melbriurne Exhibition. The schooner Clara Ellen, from Hobart, was driven into Belfast (Vic.) during a terrible gale, which lasted throughout Friday and Saturday. One million two hundred and forty-one thousand bales of Australasian and South African wool 'were catalogued in. the London sale-rooms last year. Mr. Goschen, Chancellor tof the Exchequer, has refused to devote the postal! surplus to cheapening the rate of postage between England and the colonies. In consequence of the sudden illness of the Bev. John Vaughan, no sermon was preached in the Summer Hill Church of England yesterday morning. A warrant is out for the arrest of Mr. Cox, J51.P. for County Clare. He failed to ' turnrup' to answer a charge of having attended pro claimed meetings. Father Haggard has been ?unsuccessful in petitioning the Privy Council for leave to appeal against his conviction for the abduction of the girl liouisa Moxham. Mr. H. Crofton Staveley, P.M., and mining ?garden, at Gippsland (Vie), was drowned on Saturday while attempting to cross the Living Stone Creek, near Omeo. 'Mr. Gladstone is laboring to frustrate the restoration ot order in Ireland.' So said Mr. Arthur Balfour, M.P., at a public meeting in Birmingham on Thursday. LordOnslow, Under- Secrefcary for the Colonies, at a banquet held in London on Thursday last, spoke of the prospects of a commercial and poli tical union of the empire. The Balmain Sailing Club race for open boats, which was to have been sailed on Saturday, will have; to be re-sailed, owing to the dead calm which prevailed during the afternoon! It was stated at the monthly meeting of the Fruitgrowers' Union on Saturday, at Parramatta, that Jbhere was no doubt as to the certainty of the steady increase and vitality of the phylloxera at Camden. The Bonanza syndicate at Broken TTffl has instructed Mr. Charlsby to float the syndicate into a limited liability company of 80,000 shares at .£3- each. Melbourne will be the scene «f operations. Cardinal Moran has said the proposed union of the various Protestant denominations was a com bination which meant ruin and desolation. In a religious sense, he compared their aims to those of Nihilists. The -alliance between Germanv. Austria, and Italy has been entered into for defensive pur poses. __ If any other Power should try to upset the equilibrium of Europe, it may expect a triple slap in the face. * . The Iolanthe won the Third-class Yacht Bace of the Prince Alfreds on Saturday ? but owing to the weather it took her seven and^, quarter hours to sail the inside course of about fourteen aniles. It was 8.20 p.m. when she finished. ; Wo note that RUey Brothers are the successful tenderers for the stock in the assigned estate of Joshua Davjes and Co., Barrack-street. Gnat sale in a few days at George and Bathurst streets. — 7. Mrs. Hsaney personally euperiutends luncheon rooms ; spares no pains to secure the comfort of her eneats. Corner Charlotte-place and Georgs-street. — Manly Aquarium, the boas show — clean. eooL com fortable.— 26. WaUach Brothers new furniture -warehouses, York-street, Wyayard-square, Sydney; and at Mel bourne and London.— S3. Three acre bloofca, 5a per week. Free passes to inepeot. Phillips and Co., 32, Caetlereagh-Btreet.— $6. ' ; Three-acre Poultry FarmB for five sblliings per week. Free passes to inspect any day. Phillips and Co.. 32. Castlereagh-B&oet.;— 211. Teeth painlessly extracted under nitrous oxide gas daily.- Marshall Brothers, dentists, 133, Elizabeth Street, Sydaey.— 36. Don't f ail tobuy ' Two Hearts Waltz. ' All Mnsio SeUerB.— 214. Tatteraall's Monster Consultations. — RosehQl Handicap, ion November 12. 2000 subs, at 20s; also, Sir Joseph Banks 13th Grand Handicap, 5000 eubp. at 20s e&oh;, now open, saui filling rapidly. App'iy T&ttersaU;, care Q. Adams, Pitt-street.— 58. Dj. Alfred Affassiz, JLM;R.C.P., M.B.C.S., England, registered in Greut Britain, and by the Medical Bw'd of New South Wales, late of TTmvereitv CSlloee Hospital. London, and the Eojal Infirmary . Edinburgh, AotiiwSnxReon to det&cluce;&ts; of H.M. 12th, 40ih, 65th, and 70th Ifogimante, student -of SypbilograDhy at the Look Hospital, Edinburgh, and at wo Hospital fin. Midi, Paris, Specialist in Diseases of ths Genito-TMnary Organs and Kervona System. Mdoa. House, Phillip etre'et, near King-street, consulting houre, 9tol, 2 to 4, evenings 7 to 9.— 9. B«llo Betiro Estate, Hewixkm, Next Satsz3ay, at 3 o'clock, fllose to trim, 'bns or train, J2& par lot, deposit, Towens' title, guaranteed. PImmi team Watkin and Wfttkin, 318, Pityirtreet.— 48, The E.M.S. Britannia has sailed from London. Heavy sentences at the Quarter Sessions to day. ^ Two floggings in Darlinghurst on Monday next. -— -f v j * The Kogarah flower show was highly suc cessful. Glebe rafeidents are still suffering from that abomination the cesspit system. Eight absentee jurors were fined 40s each by Judge Dowling at the Quarter Sessions this morn ing. At Narrara, near Gosford, on Saturdays Mr. Sydney Smith sold land at the rate of £200 per acre. The acting Crown Prosecutor defines bigamy as a man marcying another woman when his first wife is alive. The case of Wright, alias Leonard, alias Lang ridge, for bigamy, came on the Quarter Sessions this morning. Judge Dowling is convinced that if some absentee jurors were advertised for a legacy they would soon be found. A pleasant place to live in.: — In Crookwell, near Goulburn, at the present time butter is selling for 4dperlb, eggs 6d per dozen, milk 25. per quart, bread 2d. ?''. John Kelly and Alfred Marsh, found guilty at the Quarter Sessions, have been sentenced to five and four years* hard labor, and twenty-four and twelve lashes reBpaetively. Mr. T. C. «T. .Foster, son of the exAttorney General, has been instructed to act as Crown Prosecutor during the remainder of the present Metropolitan Quarter Sessions. The New York Tbibtjne ridicules the idea that war would take place between England and America if the labors of the Commission proved futile. The same paper defends Mr. Chamber lain as the British Commissioner, Whilst the Rev. J. Auld was fMa.'fcrng on gambling at Ashfield last night, he took occasion to allude to an ' ordinary policeman ' winning £5000 on the Cup. Perhaps the broadcloth envied the gentleman in blue. However, he expressed himself ' shocked/' The Agent-General for Victoria, Sir Graham Berry, stated at a banquet recently held at St. George's Club, ltondon, that the Australian colonies fully appreciate the altered manner of the Colonial Office towards them, and that the hope of the future was the union of the empire. Business in the city to-day is dull. The extra police sent to Dangar Island, on account of the Peafs Perry strike, left this morning. The island has been christened 'New Norfolk.' The majority of the men employed by Eyland and Morse at Peafs Ferry since the strike are stated to be Hawtesbury fishermen. The Jiavenswooa uoia-mmmg Company is to befloated in London, with a capital of £ 100,000. - Gladstone has recovered from his recent ill ness. William O'Brien is to be compelled to wear tbe garb of Tullamore prison. Russia has been requested to delay the perma* nent occupation of Kerki, owing to the hostility of the Bokharans. Among the Sunday 'draws' at the Manly Aquarium is a fight between a seal and a young shark ; but it is a one-sided affair, as the shark, which is usually much smaller than the seal, is speedily killed and eaten. The spectacle is not calculated to edify the juvenile visitors. Tiie German Agricultural Council have ap proved of an increased duty of six marks en wheat, and three each on oats and barley. It has been reported that Colonel Stanley suc ceeds Lord Lansdowne as Governor-General of Canada, B..M.S. Austral leaves for London to-morrow. The members of the English cricketing team have been invited by Mr. Waterhouse to atrip up the river to-morrow to see Edward Hanlan out for a spin. K.M.S. Alameda, from Sydney for 'Frisco, arrived at Auckland yesterday. In the Central Police Court Michael Guerin, 19, saddler, iras fined 203, or twenty-one dayB* im prisonment, for assaulting Edward Archer. For stealing 30s, the property of Lily Whit ney, John Burrows was, in the Central Police Court, sentenced to six months' imprisonment. A fire occurred this morning in Marrickville. The Temora District Court was commenced this morning, ' Badger' Middleton, an. old HilMon identity, has been found drowned in the Lachlan. No in formation as to how he got into the river. For misbehavior in Hyde Park, John Eerr, 36, chemist, was, in the Central Police, fined £2, or fourteen days' imprisonment. For resisting a constable in the execution of his duty, a young num. named John. Murphy was, in the Central Police Court, fined £2, or fourteen days' imprisonment. ^.-ya, - * 