AMUSEMENTS. PT.AYS AND PLAYGOERS. " Yours merrily, Jno. R. Rogers," the genia and much-travelled manager of the Minuio Palmer Company, sends us a lengthy but interesting communication on the criticisms which are constantly being directed against the stage as ail educational influence. After quoting some ot the most recent of these criticisms to which publicity has been given in this city, Mr. Jiogers proceeds to give the public tbc benefit of hi3 own experience and opinions As for the complaint that a manager produces plays for profit," he says, "I agree. A manager is a commercial mau who engages in a busiuess of speculation, and of course is of no consideration to, the, public. If he provides what they affect, they will patronise his playhouse and they will pay what he demands. If he bores them, he may go and starve for all they care : but I may point out that iu its entire history there never has been a time when the stage has not been exposed to the severest condemnation which our language is capable of expressing. It has always been giving up the ghost, always dead or worthy of death, but the drama is a vital principle, and must survive all vicissitudes as long us civilisation endures. Still, from the tcmner of the times, managers must abandon the forlorn hope or pamperiug tne raiut apa tite of the 'scholarly c'as3 and administer to the more vigorous demands of the public as contra-distiiiguished in their collective capa city from coteries, cliques aud critics. For merly the first thing to be considered was the fastidiousness and casa of the higher ranks ; now it is the taste and convenience of the mil lion — for to that it comes. The effect of this discovery upon the quality and character of theatrical entertainments cannot be disguised or evaded. It has very considerably modi fied them, drawn them down from the naked heights they once occupied, aud brought tham nearer to the hearts and intelligences of the million. The old stage grandeurs, the lofty solemnities, the dignified legitimacy so fnll of awe anil power of a grave kind will no longer pay— except for an oc casional flutter. Tho manager who should de pend solely upon such sources for the success of ins speculation mnst make up his mind to ex pend his capital and to close his doors. This is uo discredit to cither Shakespeare or to Sydney playgoers in commou with all playgoers. Changes have passed over the world, and it is necessary to adapt ourselves to them. Shakes peare, who is uuiversal and as independent of modes and customs as human genius depicting the passions of life through human characterisa tion can he, must always survive oar theatres. But Shakespeare alone and the whole of the wonderful brotherhood of the old drama in his train caunot keep them opeu. "It is all very well for tho 'cultured' to dramatic wealth which lies buried on dusty bookshelves; but managers must recognise the fact that an art, in common with everything else we sec around us, carries within it from its birth the disease from which icavill eventually die. The oak grows from a seed to a plant, from a plant to a tree ; then come3 death, and amid the rotting roots the acorn is again planted. The history of every art tells the same story. The Greek play was the sublime fruit of the savage utterances of the rhapso- dists ; tlw.lurid grandeur of the Shakespearian drama was born of the mysticism of the miracle play ; both were evolved throagh as logical a sequence of events as the formatiou of the different strata, and both have eventually died because they have lived. Then, to what con clusion are we irresistibly brought? This: that modern playgoers want au entertainment that shail respond to the existing condition of mankind, to the progress of the world, to the rapid utterances of that political and social spirit which has broken up old forms and is stamping a new vitality upon the world. " Hysterical writers may accuse the modern playgoer of a tendency to Philistinism, and certainly they arc not ascetics. They live in a world of wrong if not of sorrow, and they grasp eagerly at a moment's escape ; and why should they not? Provided always that he pays honestly at the door — 'not sneaking in meanly with an order— a man who pays has a riifht to dictate to managers what kind of amusement should be provided for his delecta tion. He may also be trusted to know what he likes best. For him the playhouse cxist3, and it is he who supports it. Iu the iutercst of high dramatic art, the now general substitu tion of airy trifles for gloomy tragedy may be a departure .that is regrettable, but, in terms of the French quotation that has never yet been answered, ' Que vottlez vous ?' The public will have it so, for the real fact is that the average playgoer is intensely human. The 'cultured and refined intelligence' may revel in the periods of Gibbon, but the majority do not regard a perusal of ' The Decline and Fall' in any other light but that of a penance. For the majority do not live in a hothouse, sub sisting on fiery liqueurs amidst the sickly scents of odorous exotics. The majority eat beef and drink beer, and they are of the kind who desiro laughter and prefer phantasies by William Gill and pantomimes by Maltby or Lenton to the turgid, tumid tragedy that has been dead for years. Because, whether these things are art or are not, they are distinctly and certainly provo cative of laughter, aud with ail the repntation i which English-speaking people have on the ; continent for melancholy, with all that tone of sadness which pervades their poetry, no . audiences have ever display such a hearty ' love of fun as the English playgoer. " Sympathy with all forms of human character and life aud with the ever-moving face of inani mate nature should be a general emotion, aud it 14 mare common than is uanaltv siinnn«<wi even pieces which are called trifling, exert them selves to make it so. Trifles are the tiny axles on which turn the vast wheels which keep the universe in motion. A needle, not a bar of iron, guides tlie mariner over tho wilderness of waters. Once upon a time there was a king who lost his head in more senses than one by reason of so paltry a tiling as ship money. One of the most delightful of Shakespeare's comedies is 'Much Ado About Nothing.' It is no argu ment against Milton's 'Paradise Lost' that the stupendous occurrences it celebrates had their origin in the unlawful eating of au apple. Neither is it necessary to make sweeping assertions in respect to the futility of the stage because laughter not learn ing is desiderated by the public and provided by the playwright, players and managers. The theatre, even if it is trifling, provides pure amusement for the masses who can be appealed to in no other way. Their choice of relaxation lies between the playhouse and the public- house, and while the theatre keeps people out of the tavern, if it cannot claim to be a teacher, it at least escapes the reproach of being a toy. When men and women led less anxious, less laborious lives then they do now, they could afford to sit out plays which kept attention on the alert and exacted thonght in the contempla tion of them. But another order of things has arisen. After a hard day's work people have as little strength as inclination for the enjormcnt of representations which either harrow their luenuga tam Buperuuous sorrow or kccd their minds in the mood of too vigi lant observation.- It is laughter 'not work,' the amusement-seeking public want, nature is looking on in the pit, the stalls and the dress-circle, and if a manager showed it a photograph of itself, it would rise up in (indig nation and go home and abuse him. " Tho struggle for existence has grown more bitter with tho centuries,' and as far as human reason can comprehend it-, will become even more bitter a» the world wags on, consequently tho lighter pieces our theatres play the more salutary will bo their influence, anil tho more profit will they produce to playgoer and play house proprietor alike. Hypercritical msthetes have always aud will always attack whatever form of art is iu vogue, but they should hesi tate before expressing a too severe condqmna- , tion of a ' popular ' form of amusement which may probably servo somo good purpose while it cannot possibly effect an evil one. Such plays as 1 My Sweetheart,' 'The Macis- trate,' 'ThosSchoolraistress,' et hoc aenus omne have afforded, and will afford, an infinito amount of pure pleasure to an innumerable number of pleasure-seekers, who know .little and care less about either Shakespeare or the musical glasses. And to say that our theatre, which by producing these plays affords real relaxation to many weary minds, neither re fines nor elevates, is both cruel and unneces sary," 