The Great World : BEING THE CONFESSIONS AND STEANGE EX PERIENCES OF THE HON. ERIC 1OEKE. By Joseph Hattok. Author of ' Clytie,' ' Cruel London;1 ' Three Recruits,' ' John Necdham's Double? $c.t $e. Chaptee XXIV.—' STILL HAEPING ON MY DADGHTEE.' ?VEEYBODY had been away from London, as everybody's wont from August until November. The Jessops had taken a vacation with the rest. Jcseod Dere had returned Tinmo aaviior than Godfrey and his mother. I had done myself tho pleasure of calling at Park side-terrace on my return to London at the end of Oclcb^r. It was Sunday. Mary Jessop was sitting at her little lea-table looking the picture of health and happiness. Two or three neighbours had called. Parkside was the right locality for neighbours. The residents included many artists, authors, singers, and .actors — the beet of all good company for a pleasant chat 34r. Jessop, in a brown velvet jacket, was taking his. ?cup of tea with his daughter's visitors, and talking of the beauties of Holland and the healthful repose that is to be found in a saunter through the Black Forest. During the vacation I had received only one letter from ?Godfrey. He wrote in a languid fashion, rather unlike him, about the scientific progress of Germany. It seemed that he . had been combining business with pleasure, his usual habit, his father said. He had visited several of the leading colleges and institutes in Germany, had de scended their mines, inspected their official laboratories, and in the intervals had chipped their rocks. He was now ruralising at some out-of-the- way place in the very heart of Germany. Tho family had been together during a great part of their holiday ; but when the time arrived for Mr. Jessop to return to ' the mill,' as he called the great Fleet-street newspaper office, he and his daughter Mary had come home, and Mrs. Jessop had stayed with Godfrey. I learned that the boy was well and in good spirits, though Mary said he had accepted a proposal to explore some outlandish island in the East, and she feared as a consequence that there was a rather un happy future in store for them. A young painter, who had called with hie sister, said Godfrey was to be envied above all the young men in London. Life was only life which enabled you to see the ?world, and for his part' there was no sacrifice he would not make for the delight of travelling in its strange and unknown places. Mr. Jessop said travel was the especial privilege of Englishmen ; but there was travel and travel, and of all the hardships of life none were harder than the kind of travel the young artist had indicated the unauthorised poineering of the amateur, the march that was not backed with power and supported by a pro per commissariat. Then the conversation drifted into art and literature. This was presently supplemented with a little music. The weather was superb. The trees in the Park were shedding their leaves, a Virginia creeper in. front of the house shono in the sun like burnished gold, splashed with crimson. Mary Jessop was dressed in a blue-gray serge, and looked charming. Although I admire dark women and think Helen Trevor singularly impressive, I consider the fair women carry the palm for a beauty that is most desirable, and which lasts longer tkan the more aggressive loveliness of the brunette. 'Now, Mrs. Kennett did not seem to me a day older than she was seven years ago. Sho was more attractive than many younger women who were considered quite as beautiful. 'While Mary Jessop was not at all like Mrs. Kennett, she nevertheless recalled memories of her as I first saw her. But there was a frankness and innocence of manner And thought in all that Mary Jessop said and did which -was to me singularly fascinating. She had soft gray eyes that looked you fearlessly and frankly in the face. Her lips were red and full, her teeth white and regular. ^SVhen sho laughed they seemed to laugh also. Her com plexion was of that fair blonde, yet rich tone, which is the ?wonder and envy cf foreign nations— something which is truly English ; and, in spite of London smoke and fog, it etill survives in fee Metropolis. That which many women try to obtain by art Mary Jessop possessed by nature. Her figure was found, her carriage graceful ; she wore her hair .dressed close to her head, and there was just a suggestion of a wave in it. Sho ?was the very impersonation of good spirits, and her voice was fresh and musical. Why do I dwell on the physical charms of Mary Jessop f Because the subject pleases me and I am proud that this grand old country still breeds^a race of women which leads the world for healthy beauty and a sense of her mission in life to be man's helpmate and comforter. I can «ee some of my superfine aesthetic young lady readers curl their pretty'lips at this and say I put women down at a low estimate regarding her as fit for nothing but to be a wife and a slave. Mary Jessop is neither a wife nor a slave, but what a comfort and a blessing she is to fhose two men, her father and brother ! No, my dears, I 4hink there are some women who may be said not to have a call to die state matrimonial, but I am quite sure at the same time that nature has given none of you a call to com pete with man in his daily work. . c. But let us not descend to controversy. Believe me, I admire and respect you all — for your weakness and your strength, for the sunshine you bring into our narrow ways, and for the delightful, if sometimes sad, memories with which you fill our lives ; and I always remember that I had a mother. Some men seem to forget this ; when they do, it is not surprising that they cease to remember that they are men. Well, Bince my call at Partside-terrace, November had stormed around the island and had torn the last leaves from the trees in the London parks. When the wind Tested, and there was fine, bright weather on the coast, it weald be foggy in London. The trouble about our climate is of our own making. It is the smoke. When there is not wind enough to carry it away it settles down upon us with the least gathering' of local mist, and then, accord ing to- our French neighbours, we begin to destroy our selves. It is on record that a French traveller, in. his chronicles q£ Ejjgjjand, asserted that suicide was so ordinary a thing in London during November that it was thought ( nothing '.of . ' It is a common thing,' said tViia Solon, 'for persons to cut their throats from upstairs windows upon the passers-by, who simply murmur » Gottam,' and go on their way. This is- ? one of those trifling exaggera tions in which our French neighbours indulge when dis cussing our barbarous and uncivilised nation. Their own virtues are thus made to stand out with increased pro minence, not so much by inference as by the suggestion, of contrast. ' ^* It is nevertheless true that November is a somewhat gruesome month in London in spite of tbe Lord Mayor's Show. It is apt to be stormy. It is apt to be dark at the wrong end of the day. It is now and then foggy. A stranger in London is said to have slept on, remaining in bed two whole days, thinking it had been night all the time, whereas he had missed two mornings which had been disguised in fog. On thejother hand there are artists who admire the gray atmospheric effects of an English November. They see, in St. Paul's rising up from the Thames through a November mist, all kinds of artistic effects, and in the dim traffic of the river opportunities for studies of tone and what-not that are quite unique. But these are pro bably insular persons who are condemned to live in this miserable London Jand know little or nothing either of art or of Paris, that home of all that is lovely, aesthetic, divine. Happily, however, French artists are willing now and then to take pity on us, and we are thus enabled, havingf run the gauntlet of a street of upper-storey suicides, to enter the portals of a real exhibition of French Art in Bond- street. How delightful to think one may revel in the atmosphere of French Art in November with out having to cross the Channel ! What a condescension for painters of light and leading to detach, from their homes of art, a little comer of it and set it up right iu the midst of this benighted city, which in its ignorance thinks it not only has some fine specimens of foreign Masters in its galleriss, but has a school of its own not unworthy of historic fame, and even a few live painters who are not exactly beneath contempt. 'I ^ant to make holiday to-morrow ' wrote my friend Godfrey Jessop, ' if you have something to do or see— pictures, for instance. I would like to be your com panion. My father says you will probably be going to the Press Views of the Salon Van Jules do Paris and tho new English Gallery. Perhaps you .might pass me in as a bogus critic. Eh?' I was very glad to hear the dear young fellow's voico again, onlyhaving- seen him once since the night when he ' made a fool of himself.' He had written to me, as I have said, from the Continent, but had not referred to the incident which had elicited from his own lips this cnucism or ms conduct, lie came into my rroom with a cheery « How are you, Yorke? I'm awfully glad to see you ;' but he did not look as bright as one might have expected from so cheery a greeting. 'Welcome back to London!' I said, ' but more par ticularly to the shady side of Piccadilly.' 'By Jove,' ho responded, 'there is no sunny side to-day. November's skies are dark and drear, and tbe other side of the way is inclined to be absent from view, as poor Tom llood described it.' ' But it does not rain,' I rejoined, ' and there is 6ome light in the sky.' ' Oh, it is not so bad,' he said. ' I have walked from Eegent's Park, and there is enough wind to lift the leaves now and then in a despairing kind of way, and enough light to make the buildings on the other side of the Park look like ghosts of houses.' ' Come, then,' I 6aid ; ' I fancy you are in the frame of mind necessary for a due appreciation of the Salon Van Jules, which I hear is a dolorous display of a peculiarly French character. It wants the 6ubdued light which our November provides.' Arrived at the Bond-street Gallery, where Art as repre sented by the grand nation had raised her emblazoned banner high, shaming our murky atmosphere, we entered a long dismal passage. Presently we were checked by a turnstile. Then we had to register our names. ' That,' I said, ' is a French custom. They like to know their critics — a sentiment which is mutual.' 'At all events they are very polite,' said Godfrey. ' Is that French also ? Let us do them justice.' ' By all means I hope we shall, when we have seen the examples of their boasted art, which denies to our own country a scintilla of taste, skill, or imaginative thought, either in landscape, figure, or design.' ' Are they so arrogant ?' said Godfrey. ' They are. Their arrogance in another direction led to the occupation of Paris by the Germans.' An attendant has handed to each of us a book of shining gold. It is a catalogue, the only words printed on the cover being 'Salon Van Jules.' We have only been a short time in the cavernous and artificially lightened and darkened place when we both find ourselves regrelting that so many ladies appear to have joined the profession of Art criticism. It is assuredly not pleasant to stand side by 6ido with some strange woman who is making notes upon a picture which you think any woman would be the -better for not seeing. ' The sensation,' remarks Godfrey, ' is akin to that of hearing a street rough use disgusting language to a lady.' ' In regard to which you have only -one resource,' I remarked, ' which is to take him by the throat ; but you cannot take the artist of that offensive picture by the throat.' J ' And would [.not, of course, if you could,' said God frey. But we are not yet in the chief gallery of the Salon Van Jules. This is entered mysteriously to the sound of plash ing water. There is a vestibule. Here is a grotesque fountain. Around the vestibule are various works of art, a fine study of Bernhardt, and a few dainty trifles of colour. As one turns to the right one breathes whole somely for the first time before a fine landscape by Jean Henri Zuber. This raises one's hopes. They are more or less satisfied by several pictures not by Van t Jules, whose works are the raison d tire of the shew. Presently in our perambulations we are pulled up with the following legend emblazoned on a lamp : ' N.B. — Van Jules suggests that none but strong-minded persons inspect this exhibit.' Of course every visitor is fearless. It is very dark. A voice eays, ' Only one at a time.' It is a man who speaks. We look at him under the gaslight ? a man, and that man a commissionaire. You are re assured. ' I have a nerve of iron,' you say ; at least, that is what I said, with something as nearly akin to a cynical smile as I am master of. He raised the barrier ; I entered the apartment. ' Go straight up to the pic ture,' said a voice behind me. The picture was a realistic presentment of a half-draped skeleton. Walking straight up to it as requested, a board under my feet gave to the tread, struck a gong, and stalled two fiery eyes on each side of the frame. I examined them. They were a pair of lamps, not unlike hansom lights. They helped to show me my own face in, a mirror which the grinning figure was holding. I was amused at the expression on my own un expected visuge in tho unlooked-for glass. The whole thing was too silly for serious thought or tho necessity of nerves. I have seen this kind of bogie often when a boy, and far more effectively constructed with a broom handle, a sheet, and a turnip lantern. ' It reminds me,' said Godfrey, 'of a native magician 1 once saw in Central Africa, only that it is neither so ghastly nor so impressive. But surely this is not what you call a fashionable Art Exhibition ?' ' Yes, it is, and in Bond-street, in the high art locality of the Metropolis, in the very heart of the gay world, and a contribution from Paris, the home of the graces, the paradise of art, the abode of taste and feeling, the Mecca of the painter, the embodiment of all that is great in cities and citizens.' In the direction of morbid realism there is in this curious exhibition one impressive picture painted by Van Beers, who has great faults and |grcat powers. It arrests your attention at the end of the first small gallery. You see a post and rails ; behind them you see a distant city. At your feet lies the body of a dead masr-. The work is arranged with panoramic effect. It is a masterly paint ing. There is a touch ef sentiment in the introduction of spring daisies in the grass where the corpse has been left by the brutal mob. It is not, however, the kind of historical record which the admirers of Jacques Van Artcvclde can desire to contemplate. The greatest of the Eons of. Flanders — wise, brave, and famous— he was uurighte6us& attacked by the mob, brutally murdered, dragged through the streets and finally left a mangled corpse in the fields outside L'Escant. Mons. Van Beers has handed the hero down to posterity in this awful and ghastly plight. It is not thus, however, that posterity will desire to think of the gallant and unfor tunate captain. ' What a chamber of horrors the deaths of England's tenderly remembered warriors would make, as Van Beers would pourtray them,' remarked Godfrey ; 'think of the noble Gordon in this historical painter's hands I But it does not bear thinking of.' We stroll through a short avenue. There is an odour of incense. It is as well. Let the artist bum his own incense. We will burn none, mes amis. Do you know the Wiertz Gallery at Brussels? Then you have already discounted the ' Salon Van Jules,' which we are told is to be the rage of the Art season. At the end of the first avenue there is a mysterious comer of ' peep-shows.' You look into the eyes of gro tesque masks and arc rewarded with an introduction to a woman's head hanging by the hair, which is pinned to the wall with a dagger ; a nude figure of a man who has cut off his qwn head ; a body labelled ' felo-de-se ; ' and a ghastly face at some prison bars. As sentinel to these cheap horrors there is outside a full-sisse piece of sculpture of a decapitated man hanging on a tree. ' And this is French art?' asks Godfrey. 11 Modern French— yss,' I answer, ' but an exaggeration of it I am bound to admit.' ' Thank heaven it is not English !?' he answers. 'Not yet English,' I say, ' but some of our young and rising artists are walking in this direction.' ' And it is a pity they are so far behind thoir ideal,' said a pale-visaged, long-haired youth at my elbow, with a scornful smile, in which one might have detected the suggestion of insanity, rather than the expression of genius which it affected. It was a wholesome relief to step out into tho air. The odour of incense clung to us. A cigarette and lemon squash at my little club round the comer seemed abso lutely necessary by way of fumigation and refreshment I suggested a pint of Mumm, but Godfrey resisted. 'You need a fillip, Godfrey — just one glass of cham pagne.' No, he was firm ; ho had a lot of heavy work in hand. Champagne once in a way was a good thing when you were cooped up in a laboratory for 10 or 12 hours at a stretch, but the air was good enough for him— the air and a holiday. He called this the air, coming into Bond-street and mooning among pictures. But after all there was some air when we once more emerged into the street. That little rising breeze he had spoken of had developed in a wind. The gathering clouds of fog had disappeared before their master. There was a real sky above us, bright and clear, and around us an atmosphere full of life and vigour. Bond-street was- all agog with busy people. Piccadilly had actually found its sunny side. On the threshold of the English Gallery in classic thoroughfare we encountered one or two men whom we knew, and were informed that he should be surprised at the addition which had been made to the already distinguished assembly of critics in the gallery. A much greater surprise than anything our acquaintances had prepared for us among the company awaited us among the pictures. Godfrey's little holiday in the world of art criticism ended for him ' fatefully.' He had drunk of tho witches' cup, Chatteb XXV.— A THAMES LILY. The 'Press View' of the English gallery, it turned out, had been rendered more than usually interesting by the presence of certain royalties, who, having important engage ments on the continent, had asked permission to see the ex hibition at the same time as the critics, which would be their only opportunity, and thus enable them to visit the gallery and make their promised voyage. 'Don't know what paper the new critics represent,' said one of the pressmen to another, ' but they appear to be very conscientious in their examination of every work; ' and this did really appear to be characteristic of the royal visitors, and not bo of the critics themselves. Although the presence of the royalists did not interfere with the work of the journalists, a mysterious influence did somehow pervade the atmosphere; for there were officiate on hand who are adepts in the humble acknowledgment of superiors, and none the less arrogant in their assertion of authority over subordinates. The fawning tuft-hunter is a tyrant where he has power. So far as tbe pressmen were concerned it was pleasant to see how well the first — (is the Throne or the Church really the first?)— and the Fourth Estate got along together, to note the freedom of the two in the presence of each other, marked on the one hand by a certain deferential respect, and on the other by a courtly grace of manner. The press on this occasion certainly practised its own often suggested rules for the decent behaviour of society, which still permits itself some ridiculous acts of eelf -consciousness in presence of royal personages. We had wandered through the rooms of this famous winter exhibition in a discursive kind of way, taking a first general glimpse of the show, when we came upon a picture which had been painted, it was understood, for the Academy, but not being finished in time had, under the pressure of influential friends of the artist on the committee, found its way into the English gallery. It was hung in the place of honour, as it deserved to' be. The master called it ' A Thames Lily.' The subject was simply a girl in a punt ; bnt it was a very remarkable and fascinating work. We were fortunate in seeing it without a crowd competing with us for even a view of part of it ; for when tho public were admitted the committee were obliged to protect it with a silken barrier and a rugged policeman. As you stood before the picture the punt£was coming straight towards you. The girl was standing in a restful attitude leaning with both hands on the pole. The artist had chosen a side view of the figure with the head thrown over the right shoulder, giving a long graceful line to the neck. The face was turned full upon the spectator, but the soft, thoughtful, brown eyes seemed to be looking far away into a world of their own. A dress of clinging white Arabian cotton, with the long 6kirt caught up at the side and tucked, into the waistband ; a bodice slightly open at the neck, and sleeves rolled up aboye the shapely elbows ; a large willow hat, worn raiher forward, with a straight brim, which gave a deeper tone to the upper part of the face and shadowed the dark hair. The whole of the figure was in tone, the sun light striking only on the right side, beginning on the out line of the cheek and neck, whitening the Ehoulder, catch ing the nearest arm and shipping down into the long folds of drapery — a flash of imprisoned light. The background of the upper part of the picture was a clump of gray willows, growing close down to the water, and between their trunks could be seen glimpses of a meadow beyond on which the sunshine was lying in pale yellow patches ; but the figure from just below the waist had the water with its quiet reflections for a background, which was only dis turbed by a white ripple against the blue-gray timbers of the old punt. A very remarkable work, alike for its simplicity, its mas tery of colour, its drawing, and the pathos of it, 'for beauty is always more or less pathetic ; and there was a sweet, deep, mournful, tender something in the expression of the face that lifted it into the highest range of womanly beauty. 'A Thames Lily,' wrote the thoughtful and eloquent critic of the Morning Mail, ' is a title which did not prepare us for this poem on canvas any more than our experience of Mr. Millais prepared us for so new a work from his essen tially English easel. The great painter seems to have taken another new departure. He has allowed himself to be in spired by the French school and to better the instructions, as if for once he had said, ? Yes, messieurs, you are groping in the dark, but I will lead you; into the light, and it shall be the better for both of us.' The combination is one of grip and fancy, of dreamy suggestiveness and polish, of tone and technique. The picture has been painted out of doors. It has in the heart of it the tenderness of chill October with a glow of sunlight. ' Sunny June ' it might have been called; and whereas in the autumn idyll you have to imagine the mournful spirit of chill October'here is the living flesh and blood spirit of leafy June. The treat ment is a triumph of tone in the best sense of the term, though one loses nothing of the'^reality of the scene. It is full of light, and yet the true value is given to the sunshine ; the dress, in tone, is white and in the sun it is brilliantly white. The background is a delightful simple study, tho colour quiet with a feeling of gray throughout. The picture faves one a healthful sensation, of jjure true daylight; it has a novel strength and freshness of feeling, -which is English in its strength and power of handling, and pure and true in tone, which is decidedly French.' I repeat this brief criticism from a prominent notice of a leading journal of a later date, of course, than this press dayvisit. I think it may well come in at this place as a useful indication of the character of the picture. Presently, when I had lost Godfrey for a short time, 1 found mm standing before this delightful work of art. 'You like it? ' I said, laying my hand on his arm. 'it is superb!' he replied, ''it seems to me lovely beyond possibility, and yet I seem to know the face.' 'Ah,' I replied, 'there are many lovely women in London.' 'This is a girl,' he said. 'All the same,' 1 answered. 'Don't you envy the painter his model ?» I laid stress on the word model, and ho turned to his catalogue and read 'A Thames Lily,' adding, 'The painter might have called it « A Lotus Lily,' which would have suggested the dreamy softness of her eyes and the twilight that seams to rest among her hair, like the shadow of night upon a fading landscape.' ' You are poetical,' I said. ' It is the influence of the French salon,' he replied smiling. 'Yes, I should say the painter is to be envied his model.' He turned away with a sigh, but I detained him. ' It is a lovely face,' I said. 'Yes,' he replied. . ' And the figure,' I added, ' is not bad either.' 'Bad,' he exclaimed. 'It is worthy of the face and worthy of the painter.' 'The pose easy,' I went on; 'composition excellent, colour in a pleasant neutral key, perfect in tone, fine breadth of effect, coupled with daintiness of detail, masterly in drawing, one of Mr. Millais's newest and best examples of portraiture— that is how the critical legend will run in the Morning Mercury, which, like all properly-conducted English papers, loves its Millais, and which, unlike that clever gentleman of the Morning Mail, knows nothing of the subtleties of art, and therefore nothing of tho ex perimental side of this new and admirable work.' ' Portraiture,' 6aid Godfrey, with an inquiring look, 'I thought you spoke of it as a study trom a model, a subject ' Do you mean to tell me you don't know the young ladv who sat for it?' I asked. Godfrey grew confused. ' I know someone of whom it reminds me,' he replied ' Ib it a portrait of Miss Trevor if' ' Yes, it is,' 1 said. He looked at tho picture again with a renewed interest. 'It is indeed a lovely face,' he said. ' ' And 60 good, so kind, so full of high purpose and courage.' At this moment the Prince, who never forgets a face* walked up to where I was standing with Godfrey, and putting out his hand in Mb genial way said, ' Ah, Yorke, how are you? I have not seen you since we met in Calcutta.' ' I am very welL I thank you, Prince. It is very gooi of you to remember our last meeting.' 'It would be very ill of me if I did not,' said the Prince. c- You are admiring- the Millais, the picture of the year. It is a fine work and a beautiful subject.' ' Yes, sir,' I said ; ' but one should be 20 to appreciate the subject.' ** ' Is your young friend 20 ?' asked the Prince, smiling. ' He seems to have lost his heart to Mademoiselle.' ' I think he has, sir,' I replied. 'Do we know himf' 'The son of Mr. Jessop, the journalist and author,' I said. 'Oh, indeed; the young fellow who has been to Africa and written a book on the Congo ?' ' The same, sir,' I replied. ' Will you present him ¥' 41 1 shall have great pleasure,' I said, and thereupon I made Eoyalty and pride acquainted. ' I know your f ather's books and your own interesting volume on the Congo,' said the Prince, ' and I am glad to have the pleasure of making your acquaintance.' ' Your Royal Highness is very kind,' said Godfrey, in his best manner. 'Are you going to the Congo again ?' - ' I think not,' said Godfrey. ' To fresh woods and nastnrra tioto iwiions wt ?'-« iC ' To the eastern seas, sir,' said Godfrey. 'I wish you a successful and pleasant time,' said the Prince; and turned to me with the remark— 'And the picture, it is a portrait they tell me. Do you know tho lady r' 'Yes; I have that honour,' I said. 'Miss Helen Trevor, the daughter-in-law of Mr. Loftus Kennett.' ' Oh, indeed,' said the Prince ; ' the banker and philan thropist. Yes, yes. A happy man, Mr. Yorke. E.ich, blessed with a handsome wife, a lovely daughter ; and what can a man desire more ?' 'The Prince smiled as much as to say— 'A title is all he hicks, I suppose,' and rejoined his party. Despite Godfrey's Eadicalism he was much impressed by the friendly and unaffected manner of the Prince, and the fact that lie knew his book. ' But I don't see,' he remarked, ' why a prince should not be a nice fellow ; indeed, I see every reason why he should be all that this prince seems to be.'. He sighed as we left the building, and there was some* thing unusual in his manner as he said ' Good-bye, Yorke. and thank vou for a most pleasant day.' 'What is it?' I asked. ' What is what ?' he answered, ' What is the matter with you, Godfrev 9' 'I don't know,' he said. . 'I think you do,' I replied. 'And I think I know also.' -Then tell me some other time,' he said, and he was ju6t about to shake hands and leave me in the street when, as Fate would have it (for surely it was Fate) a carriage pulled up at a shop in front of which we Were standing, and out stepped Mrs. Kennett and Helen Trevor. ' Mr. Yorke and Mr. Jessop !' exclaimed Mrs. '.Kennett in her most charming manner, ' what a delightful surprise ! Helen, you remember Mr. Jessop ?' Helen appeared to be very conscious of the fact that she did remember that gentleman. She did not attempt to disguise the evident pleasure it gave her to meet him again. Godfrey reciprocated the pleasurable expression the young girl displayed, and,, nevertheless, became suddenly self possessed and ' all there,' as Mr. Fox would say. 'Will you come and help us to do a little shopping?' said Mrs. Kennett, ' Only jewellery ;' and before we quite realised the position we were assisting in the selection of a wedding present which Mi's. Kennett was purchasing for Lady Mary de Fontenville. All the time she was looking at the tradesman's treasures sho rattled on, telling me all kinds of current gossip, utterly regardless of the shopkeeper, which, by the way, is considered the height of good breeding among certain of our so-called upper ten — so distinguished, you know, as old Jessop would say, to ignore the common clay, to treat that kind of humanity as if it did not exist. \ V hile we were talking aud selecting the presents Godfrey and Helen seemed to be much interested in a cabinet of eastern curios, and I thought Godfrey was doing all ho could to make a favourable impression upon Helen, and I also thought he was succeeding. AVhen Mrs. Kennetf s business was ended she glanced at Helen and Godfrey and seemed to calculate her chances in regard to a little scheme she had been developing while conversing with me. . ' Mr. Kennett,' she said, bo that Helen and Godfrey could hear her, ' has gone to Paris; we are quite forlorn to-night, and Helen does not care much for her mothers' company ; we are dining alone ; thought of going to the theatre, but resolved to have a humdrum night, rest our- ,: selves, and go early to bed so that we can stay late at the ; Marchioness's ball to-morrow night. Now, will you not take pity upon us and, sans ceremonie, come and dine with : us ir'r , She did not look at me but at Godfrey, who, to my sur prise, and without the slightest hesitation, or any reference to me, said, ' I shall have great pleasure, thanV you, Mrs. V Kennett.' ? ?/ 'And you?' 6he said, looking at me with a winning-/ smile I knew too well. 'Thank you,' I eaidi 'I shall have much pleasure.' What else could I say f ' (To be continued J 