r The Old1' Haunted Mill. " " ' \' (BY "AU'STRA/') ? '' "Thèro are'moro things in heaven and barth, dear reader, thoa oro dreamt of hi thine philosophy.", - ... ' . "üritil I was 27 years of. age; there was not a symptom of superstition in my* composition. 'I wasias . fearless of : ghost's, and such ; like; imagina tions.of nervous, hrains as is "'the statue of,"¿Cap .tainoüooK-xiD.! Hyde rarjr, or any tother .statue.. The comrades of my teens, knowing my sceptical views; ^ very often devised means to ; " scare " me; hut ne ver'With any success. The ghosts of those days; ; to their 'sorrow, and to- my jollification; usually, g'6t miserahly " giuelled," and Beldom attempted "the perpetration of a seoond practical joke 5 unless upon some raw schoolboy or otner indi-, vidual lacking superior, nerve force, 'such as I, at that ¡ time, possessed.- Never shall I forget the fate' ¡of' One ' ghost-a 'remarkably - awe-inspiring; ghost;* too-who ? arose' from tho blower regions; with'the'express intentión of ooñverting me from; my sceptical'notions. ; ' ' J ,1 The'jaight waà. pitchy black. .-There h ad - been two Jdays', boavy\ rain ; and another storm was brewing." The wind was" howling with à ven geance, and made the black night"so dreary that to my mind any "sensible" ghost would not have ventured out. rv ,\ y y-: y y\ .... Five companions and lísat ata card table play ing " Nap." We bad played quietly for twenty minutes,1 when suddenly one of the party was seized With a fit, and fell; heavily from his chair to the floor, where he rolledîabout furiously. : For five minutes (during which time three of us had all we could doto hold him down) the paroxysms continued j and we became alarmed. " For God's sake, Symons, go for Dr. Ewing," said one, addressing, me, and I did not hesitate a aecond, thinking the case one of life or death, Dr. Ewing's house was situated on ,the side of ' the i cemetery opposite to where I lived; and my nearest cut was along the broad pathway through the centre of the graveyard. Tho cemetery was about half a mile wide; and I reckoned on doing the distance in five minutes by running. ; . When I had run about half the distance, I saw ahead of me, close to the path way, a glimmering light. When within twenty paces of the object I stopped; and beheld a full» blown ghost. He was standing close to a newly dug grave,;.as I could . soe by the light, so fixed, behind ; a -tombstone as to shine directly upon Hmas he stood motionless, pointing at me. The bull'ä-eye lantern was such a ; success in showing the1 apparition to its best advantage that I con fessed ; to -myself . Td never before seen such a genuine'ghost.-?.?.T tested it'by hailing y Who's there P" . - " " . " Still-?;.pointing at me, 'the figure replied, hoarsely-rr , Vi , ' . "Thou son .of man,-listen!" . ... IJ gradually./got closer,, but the.apparition's sepulchral voice continued croaking; Listen! liston !" and with a half turn pointed to the open gravebehind'him;' .' . - : " . - ' -, ; " Listen, ' be--," I' shouted ;'and, making a rush ,at> the.. object, I-,turnedr it over into the grave/whereiib fell- with à splash. :(The,grave had been half filled with , water ."during -the two days' fain; )< a .' ' \ /i .- ' . ....-< I seized'the ghost's lantern, and hurried on for the ? doctor;, - Ho came at once; Wej returned1 via,the 'graveyard ' to1 save time j 'but Tdid not mention j .the recent occurrence. When ' passing the,vgrave. I:, turned the.;light, into it, and was gratified»to-notice]'that the"water was' composed of? 50?¡per: cent, y of > welUmelted day* ; : Still 1 was gloriously / uncertain las to who had personated the departed Bpirit. . - . J .. i " How is Tomlin?" I asked, as I entered with the doctor. _ >. ¿ A loud laugh burst from each, in which the " fit " individual took a hearty part. " Ha ! ha ! ha ! We can't have you anyhow, Symons," said one. " There's- poor Grimes in the next room shivering with cold, and scraping tho mud off his clothes. He'came in just now like a half-drowned rat, and told us the tale. Lend him a pair of pants and a coat, or the poor beggar will catch his death. Ha! ha ! ha!" and the chorus was taken up and continued for several minutes. ^ ' Durins" these expressions of mirth, Dr. Ewing looked at one and then at another, and asked in an insulted tone of voice-' ^ : " What's this little'game P Don't attempt to trifle with me, young fellows !" Full ; explanation and ample apology were tendered ; and the doctor joined in the laugh as heartily as any. He took a oorner at " Nap/' and did not leave till he had scooped the pool. As he left, he remarked, i' Don't try the ghost business again, Mr. Grimes !'' It was generally agreed that I was immovable in my scepticism ; and Grimes vowed beforo all that was religious that he should never again assume the role of a departed spirit. That occurred when I was 20. At 27 I waa stillas firm as ever; but, as the sequel will show/ I changed considerably in my way of thinking during the next twelve months. My business was that of a miller ; and, haying about; ¿61600 at my disposal, I was looking round for afmill buyable on such terms as would leave me sufficient capital to carry on for the first year. One evening I glanced down the "for sale" column of the EMFIBE, and came across the fol lowing advertisement : For «ale,amill, in full working order, iu the P--diatriot. Never-failing stream. In connection with tbe mill are a furnished residence, and five aerea of rion"land. Good reasons for selling. Price, £800. A rare chance for a prac "" ' tlcal mau,--Applyi &o.; ¡ ; : :\ This was the very thing I was in search of, and next day ;T went by first ¡train to inspeotthe' place.'*; »Arrived « there, >-I found that the house . was 1ahjócoúí)ied. ; 11 went" through the mill, and 1 saw.that/' eyie'r^thihg was in Al order, and that ; it',hád.hi¿t';r^ I put à t rough valuation on ' the whole, and oohofuded that I Bhouldhavë an excellent bargain at the price asked. However, I wanted to glean some particulars as to the resources of the district, and for that purpose went down the hank about half a mile to a point where I could see a man plough ing. : " Can you give me any information about the mill np there P"- I asked. '.. '"The mill? Yes!" answered-the ploughman; and, in true country fashion, he went back to its origin, giving me all the incidental information I required, without a question. "But," said he, "it's got one drawback.; its haunted." ' "Haunted ! . How?" I interrupted. . ¡ Well, eight years, ago,-.; the owner,« a Mr. I Smick, was missing. , No.: one could think what i had become of him ; and to this day he'p never been heard of." - > I " Ever since then themül has been haunted by a ghost; and I think-so do > plenty bf others round here--that,the old man must haye -had-some foul play. > ' I've', see'd the ghost many,/a. time, j,/and w,unst,. when 1< was a coming > home by the; hankel was nigh skeered but o' my.wits. / Yes ! ; ;If -ever, > .there was a real ghost, it's there in the .old -mill. Must ha' been > .somethin'-orful-done.'there one time or 'nother. Every night, at" 12 or so, > it 'walks from;; the'house to tue mUl,ilpokm' and .pointin' at the ground as > if-it was on somebody's track. When it. gets, to; the front wall it stops > still for abouti a minute. Then'it goes into the' mill, ¿ndc disappearsi . > Lots /o'; people who didn?t believe'in-ghosts -have- watched and > 'followed;it till it Vanished; ;..They, have, yelled at'it, shot. !at it,and > done\ aU. manner o' things at, it. But ât couldn't be wiped put. They call > it ithe..haunted mill. :, Mr. ]Tinsly., has just left ' it, so'Irhears,i > beoause his wife got so frightened ; and. I hears now as ifs for sale." ' - > . . j ^Yes," -said-1.: : " I'm thinking of buying it. What do you consider a fair : figure for the place?" ; "Well, without, the gbo3t, it.ought.to bp worth 'aV thousand; but tho ghost's tho drawback;" answered the knight of the "plough handles.. ' j j I was .'satisfied that, the mill, house, and land i were dirt cheap at ¿6800, and concluded that the ghost' was themain reason for its owner wanting to sell. '. Thanking my 'informant, Heft for the oity, resolved to close with the agent for the pro perty.;' ,? .., . , ? j Next day I was* the rightful' owner ,6f the. haunted mill," and was handed the keys of the residence. . - J j Before,removing my family to their new abode/ 1 decided to spend a week there, telling my wife that when I had the house prepared I would send for her and the children; " ' ; ? ¡ I engaged an old man servant; and we left for the future scene of my business operations. 11 found the house comfortably furnished, and at-10 the first night told off the servant to the room which I had selected for him. . ¡ Just before 12 a kn'ook.came .at my door/and I oalled out " Who's that ? /' ' j "It's mel" I recognised the voice of the old man. j , \ I rose and opened the door; and was somewhat astonished^ the old fellow's frightened1 appear ance. ' ' 1 ' i "Did you hoar anything?" he asked qui ver ify- , j . I " No.' "Why man, what's up ? " ,.. ! The old man wa3" shivering, .. andras 'white as his nightcap ;. leaning against tho wall for sup port. ."? . ' ?' ¡ '.'I won't stay here another night !" he gasped;' "iT,he place is haunted. ', Whil^T was'hálf asleep something, came, and passed'--its': hand over ^my forehead, and shook its head. ,v, Wh'en.I, hollared out ikvanished through the, floot. r.No! ivl won't I stay here another night p andJ'thisi ono I'll' hot shep a wink." . - . . . ' r j " Man, you're dreaming. , It's only j our imagi nation/" I urged. "! ' ' :£ " t í \ - ; ; j iri^o, dreaming rabout} me. Vi saw a; ghost, wad .* felt it's.'touoh ;. and I'm .nq,t ' drunk. Call that J dreaming P" . <\- ''J . , ; .> - ">. ' I paoified him after a while, and.saw him to his róom again, which he entered ' with -fa shudder^ saying, ." I'll burh two candi«B tiirmorning, 'Mr.J : Symons. Then I'm off." . - ! / " 1 j Next morning the old nian servant packed' a . ; swag, and left the mill in a hurry; swearing vengeance,; on me for bringing him to Buch an infernal region. .. . . The second night I occupied the house alone, and turned into the bed in whioh the old man had . been " visited" the night previous. I re solved to lie awake till midnight, and wait for his ghost8hip. To while the time I went into figures about the 'property and its future work ing, finally forgetting that suoh a word, as ghost appears in the English dictionary. I had calcur lat«d about : an hour, when I thought I heard a i rustling noise within the room, I rose; on my elbow, and looking round 'the room saw nothing unusual. In a' few minutes there was another rustle) ..But) seeing nothing, I concluded'that the place : was: infested with rats ; and I turned oni myj side, intending . to sleep! . Just as I'was dozing off, I became aware of a third rustle; and in i a? few secônds'I saw what looked like a vapor rising 'from - the floor. When about midway between the 'floor and 'ceiling it ceased rising, and 1 ']leant ¡' - overJ in " my direction; I lay^ ;motionless, . wondering' what . next was to;evéntúat'é. r. It continued tolowertoward: me j ; ajidr X; could -discern' in ; the. misty, column the semblance of a human facer-tbat ,of-an 'old .man's; His forehead was_ wrinkled/as if careworn ; and ajiorig white beard depended from "his 'chin and sunken' cheeks. When1 within two 'feet he, lifted an fyrm ; and i felt a'cold clammy sensation on my forehead as the slender' fingers were passdd gently over it. VI did not move. I tried to'speak> but could not»,, Eor the.. first time in my life I was frightened» ^ ! Af ter the.laying on of tho hand; and a strangely jäolemn Bhake J of ?- the head, the apparition re turned to |ts perpendicular position in the centre iof the room,- and, with-the forefinger beckoned me, as if, it wisheiime to approach. I sat up j and, assuring myself that I was'really'awake and in my senses, I proceeded to get out of bed. As I did, the apparition, still beckoning, disappeared through tho door, With my old courage I .fol« lowed. It led-the way from tho house down a flight of ten > Btone stops, and continued ' along the'path in the direction of the mill. ' j The mill stood about a minute's walk from the house. But the progress of my strange guide was so slow that fully five minutes passed ere it stopped near the wall j four paces on the right bf the door, whioh was ajar, j j Whèn the mysterious figure stopped I stopped also. Still it continued to beckon me toward it, .while with the other hand it pointed to the ground. I now became extremely nervous, liarge beads of cold perspiration stood on my forehead, and in reality I waa afraid. However, I| approached to within two yards, and still it pointed downward, moving round the spot at ^hich it pointed, apparently anxious that I should ;r¿ark the exact place. Stooping down, I picked ¡up a stone and laid it. on the spot. When I stood »up again the mist was gone. But, remembering the ploughman's description of its movements, I 'entered the mill and saw it vanish beneath the huge mill wheel. I returned to the house, and to ¡b|ed j though not to sleep. I was no longer a sceptic, but a firm believer in ghosts. ' ¡At the first glimpse of daylightT went to an out house and. obtained a pick and a spade, fully resolved to unearth the mystery-even if I dug out tho foundations of the old mill at the same time. ' ' :.: . - a j In half an-hour I was down three feetr "Another foot made a discovery in the shape of an old earth- . eaten notebook, I opened it and read a few of the memoranda, whioh revealed nothing, but under-the cover-lining I found a lotter. It.ran thus:-"7, ' . ... ^v>.'..,.¿v' ' J ' . ; "W., September 16, IB-'. . To Mn.- G. BAXTun, ' 1 ?* P-. \- ' Farther inquiry regarding Mr. Miller (y k w t nj) made; £500 in the howse, . His family will all bo here on tho 19th. He will be alone. So we shall not havo much trouble, I'll arrive on tbo 18th, and we can then arrange mattera. ^ours confidingly, D. la'GBATT. , t , . j I put; the letter ¿nd. tho musty old bbokmto my coat pocket, and resumed digging. Another foot,iand my-spade turned up a bono. , Clearing the earth "'carefully away I soon found) a ¿oom- . plete' <humari.; skeleton. 1 I did' -not' disturb dt farther )'and, sombwhat shookéd at the-discovery I hade made; I left 'tho holo rind proceeded with all' haste' to inform the 'district police. . "'. lJ . It was evident to me that when filling in the earth to hide the body of the "man they had murdered for his money,-one of the perpetrators of the crime had dropped note book,and it had been covered up unnoticed in their "hurry." The police took the same view of the case. There was no other to be taken ; but, as the murder had been committed so long ago,there -was little hope of--, ever tracing the owner of the book. , .\\. ^ . : The police at last got on'the track'bf Baxter, but on the completion of their investigations they found that that person had died three years, previously. They then turned their attention to searching for the writer of the tell-tale letter; but without success. : The nam e appended to the ' letter had doubtless been a fictitious one, for .such i a person was never known in W. Thus all hope was lost of bringing to justice the villains* who had shared in such an atrocious deod. . My discovery produced a profound sensation throughout the district at the time ; and it was intensified by the strange circumstances which led to it. Many sceptics discredited my state- ., mëntB given at the inquest. But there were those (the old ploughman, for one) who cor roborated my evidence in every particular with ; regard to the apparition. Moreover, the ghost, was;'never again seen at the mill 5 and, had it : visited the placé, I had ample opportunities of seeing it; for I worked the mill for mari^"yeBtfl after that time, and was so successful , that eventually I was enabled. to retire On my meatis. ; The old mill still stands. But its great Wheel is silent. I pay it a visit annually at Christmas ; and each year the effect of floods is more ap- ; parent. But the adventure of that night spent 1 alone (save the ghost) in the house, on the - bank ~' àbové will never leave my memory; while my conversion as a sceptic, and my present affluent position in life will over be connected with "The Old Haunted Mill," " . j; v ? .?_-< ? .... ^ 