THE SECOND SON/ Bi Mrs. Olifhant and Mr. T. B. Alduich. Chapter XXXVIII. the west lodue. It was about noon when Edmund ap proached the lodge, and everything recalled to him the last time he had been there— which was bo short a while ago, and yet Bee tried to "belong to another life. He remem bered every incident, even all the appearances of that day, the anxious mother harrying out at the sound of bis step; the father, all blanched in his rough out-of-door redness and brownnesa, with the horror of a catas trophe which was worse than death : and his passion and threats against the man who had betrayed his child, and tne woman's pitiful attempts to restrain and comfort him while herself in the grip of despair. Poor people Tragic as their unintended influence bad been, they themselves were not less to be pitied on that account: and he conjured up before him the miserable little house with all its happi ness blighted, the shame that had taken the place of their foolish innocent pride, the weight of suspense or still more terrible knowledge that must have crushed the un happy father and mother—so that his heart bad become very tender towards the unfor tunate couple before he reached their door. After all, they were not to bhune, and they had suffered even more bitterly than the family of the other victim. It occurred to Edmund that he must. see tokens ot their wretchedness in the very air as be drew near the little flowery place which had once been their pride. It surprised him to see the garden as bright as ever, the tall lilies, Horn which their child had got her name, standing up with all their buds ready to open aiong the sonny borders, and everything in summer order, full of sweetness and bloom. The morning snnshine shone upon the red roof and waving trees, the door stood open, a tranquil cat lay sunning herself upon the window-ledge, a brooa of little yellow chickens flitted about, under charge of an anxiooB mother hen. Nothing more peaceful, more full of humble ease and comfort, could be. The whole seemed to breathe a silent contradiction to Edmund's troubled thoughts Yet the sun will 6bine, the flowers will bloom,* the unconscious creatures thrive and enjoy their little life whatever misery msy reign within the house, he said to himself— and approached, yet with a curious sense of incongruity, almost of disappointment, to the open door. To his astonishment he heard voices in raised and angry tones within, and, uncon sciously listening, distinguished with con sternation indescribable the voice ot Stephen addressing someone with loud authority. "You must clear out of here !" he was saying, in a tone so little Bubdued that any passer-by must have heard. " I know nothing about notice—1 tell you you must clear out of here. I want the place. Get ont at once, do you hear? You'll be paid in place of your notice if you've any right to it; 1 don't believe you've any right to it. Yon think I'm to be put off with tricks and excuses to gain time, but you're mistaken. You must get out to morrow at latest, do you hear ? I want the place for a servant of my own." "Sir," replied the voice of Mrs. Ford, " my 'usband's not here, and 1 can't make you no answer—but turn a servant away there's no master can, without warning. I've been in service all my life, and if I didn't know that who should? It's all the protec tion poor servants baa I'm not saying no thing again going " "You had better not," said Stephen, "or I'll have you turned ont, which perhaps would be the quickest way !" " I said aB I'm not saying nothing again going," said Mrs. Ford, raising her voice. " We've allays meant to go; it's not as if we were badly off or had no friends, and Ford isn't one as can stand new masters and new laws. We're ready to go ; but he won't without bis warning, as if be was turned off for something bad. I don't want to say nothing disrespectful, but we has our pride the same as other folks, and Ford be won't stir without his legal warning. I mightn't stand out myself, the woman continued, with a Bound as of coming tears, "for the sake of peace; but Ford he s not that sort of man. He'll have his warning, he'll not be turned out like a thief, him as has served the squire, man and boy——" " Don't give me any of your Impudence," said Stephen; "that is just bow be Bhall be turned out I give you your choice—clear out at at once, or I'll have the police to morrow to throw your things out of window. Hallo 1 what do you want here?" This was addressed to Edmund, who had come in behind himuntioticed to the little trim kitchen, where Mrs. Ford stood on her own hearth as in a citadel, flushed, with a look of resistance on her homely face, but her apron in her hand ready to wipe off the angry team which were very near coming, andafauakineSB growing in her throat "What is the matter?" said Edmund; "tbere must be some mistake. 1 could not help bearing what you were saying. What has Ford done? My tather would never bundle them out in this way unless there's a very serious reason; he wilt listen to what tbey've got to say." Stephen turned round upon bis brother witba flushed and fnriooa face. "You had better,mind your own; business, Ned; I've gottjhis to do, ahd I'll allow no one to inter v "And as forwhat we've got to say," cried Una. Ford; ahrilly -turning upon: the new eootec. "ilrfiVe .got nothingto say, sir.; I wouldn't stay, not if I .was; paid: to do It Wv* go t better irienda itbanever the Mit "s jaoa'tiitoe us^utjopon. And p'a canfaave hbettet ' we'll have our such a name to me knows well sb my man's ont o' the way, and I've nobody to stand tip for me—Police!" her voice ran off into a shriek. "For shame of yon reel ves, as call yourselves gentlefolks, and can come and insult a woman like that I" "There must be some mistake," Edmund cried again ; "no one shall insnlt yon while 1 am here. Stephen—" he tnrned and faced his brother, laying his hand on his arm, " whatever you have against these people let it be referred to my lather. You know he will never turn them out: and it's not for you—— Stephen threw up the arm which hie brother had touched, with a fierce gesture, which brought back to both their minds another scene. He was about to reply furiously, but the angry exclamation was stopped on his lips by that recollection. He gave Edmund a'look of baffled rage. "I'll relet it to no man !" he cried, "and I'll be questioned by no man, and I'll not argue with .you either. You know what I've got to say ; clear out of this at once, or by Jove ! I'll " S'ephen, however, was made of flesh and blood, like other people He could not stand against the thoughts thus evoked. He turned^ round upon his heel and left the house, leaving his threat unsaid. 'The ghost of lloger came up again and protected the humble place He could notBtand before that shadow, although he saw nothing, and though he was not in any way turned from his purpose, but for the moment his soul was disturbed, and he could say no more Mrs. Ford did not know why he had aban doned the field. She thought it was, per haps, Edmund, always her friend, who had driven forth the enemy; but when the angry visitor hod withdrawn, those tears, which were so near falling, came at once. "Ob, that any gentleman should have named the police to me," she cried. "Oh, that i should have lived to be threatened with that, and my things thrown out o' window ! Oh, Mr. Edmund, don't say nothing, for I'll never forget it; I'll never forget it! not if the squire was to come on his bended knees and ask me himself to stay 1" "1 am very sorry," Edmund said; "1 don't understand it—I came to " he paused here and looked round the comfort able room, where there was no sign of neglect i nor downfall. It was quite true that Mrs. | Ford was the sort of woman to keep her ] house tidy whatever happened, but be could not associate the trim room with any mis fortune. " I have not seen too," be said, " since before the great trouble which we have bad." He felt that it would be easier to inquire into her circumstances after he had made some allusion to bis own. Mrs. Ford for a moment stopped her angry sobs. " Oh, sir 1" she cried, " we was very sorry! Nobody would ever have spoken to me like that if Mr. Koger had a' been to the fore! Ob, I don't bold with new masters tbat can apeak like that to a woman and her husband's back turned 1 And as that didn't mean to stay—us as was going to give warn ing from one day to another! But without he has his just warning Ford '11 never ga He's a man as stands upon his rights." "When I was last here/'Baid Edmund, "you were in great trouble." Mrs. Ford took scarcely a moment to recover herself. She put down her apron from her eyes, which were Btill wet, but immediately became watchful and full of strange defiance and light. " Was we, sir," 6he asked with an appearance of surprise and a sudden smile as if the affair bad been so trifling as to escape her memory. '" You were in great trouble," said Edmund with impatience, "you were almost in despair, lily had leit home and von didn't know where she was. -You thought it might have been my brother—" Edmund said the words with an effort—" who bad taken her away." " Lord bless as !" said the woman, " what things do get into folk's heads 1 I remember now. 1 was just like a mad woman. Ford, be never gave in to it-—" " 1 beg your pardon, Fcrd was as bad cr worse than yon. He said he would kill the man who—" "So he did, so he did! Them things go out of your mind when you find out as it was all silly fancies and not true. Dear bless as all! so we did, ravin' like mad folks, as if our Lily—Ma Edmund, I don't blame you ; you think as poor folks has no feelings: but I wouldn't have put you in mind of the like of that if I had been yon." She gave him a low of injured feeling, yet of magnanimous forgiveness, and laughed a little with her apron still held in her hand. " It was thoughtless of the child,"she con tinued, looking down upon the apron which she twisted in her fingers. "I don't say nothing else—but one as never thought a wrong thought, por knew what wickedness was, now was she to think, we should take | such fancies into our heads? I was that ashamed I couldn't look her in the face—to think as I had ever mistrusted my Idly! But, thank God, she don't know, not to this day. ana them as would tell her would be cruel— oh 1 it wonld be cruel 1 I would sooner die nor do it, thongh I'm nothing but a poor woman and no scholard nor a gentleman like you." " Youmay be sure," said Edmund, "that Lily shall never hear from me. 1 am very ;iad your fears have turned out to be vain, she here now?" "She's far better bff," said Mrs. Ford. " She's with friepds that think a deal of her —oh, a great deal of ber! She's kept like s lady, and never puts her band to a thing but what she pleases, and books to read and a pianny to play upon, and everything sbe can set ber lace to. Oh, she's better off than she could be with Ford and me," " fa this the aecountsbe gives yon? Are you quite eure it is true ? Don t yon know where she is f Edmund asked, with sgain a sicken ing thrill of horror. < "Do you take all tfais merely upon her-word!" "I'd take the Bank of England upon ber word," cried the'mother with a confusion of ideas not;difficnlt to understand. "Me and the lady—-the lady tbat makes Lily so happy —more happy, and I do grudge a bit to know it, I'll not deny my mean waye—"more happy than she was with mci" t ." Mrs. Ford," said Edmund, " are you sure yon are not being once more deceived?" He waa very pinch in earnest and very serious, confused more than It is possible to hay by the mother's evident ignorance, by ^tepheps strange appearance here, which was scarcely credible ]t Idly was still in his power, and by all the bewildering rircumatancei , which seemed to. contradict each other. Mra Foxd on her ride fiung her apron from her, aha confronted him with a glowing countenance and e^esaflame. ' ^7 . V I 'wss never deceived I? she cried, deceived I Ob, it I was . weak for and come and cried ont to yon in my knoir ho:d^te^^D(Sri^T^I^ yon fuonic j^wooid $rfng fat knees, Mr. IS^annd, to ask he Aehasari^tto^^d^a iat .sbe is herself—ladies «a is her «md ft# a^in&. too.^ cried Mta. sake of Lily, and has offered us a home and a better home nor here. And Ford, he was to have (riven the master warning this very day, only my heart just clung abit to the flowers. Hut without hie warning hell not budge a step, no, not for all the police in the world, neither him nor me, and you may tell the master that, Mr. Edmund ! We've served him honest and true for more than twenty year; is that a reason to torn us out like I thieves at a day's notice ? Hut we'll not go without our just warning, no, not a step,; neither Ford nor me." i Mrs. Ford made this long speech with a fervour and passion which had its natural re sult, and plunged her at the end into ■ choking fit of indignant tears. " 1 don't understand it," said Edmund; "I am sure my father never meant this. There must be some mistake. And Stephen •—what Stephen could mean—I am bewildered altogether. I don't understand your story, pnd I don't understand his action, but I pro-1 mise you yon shall not be turned out if IJ can help it; certainly you shall not be turned out" I "Oh, air, I can tell you whet lie menus; he's got somebody of his own as he wants to put in, and it's well known that there's little mercy for them rs comes m Mr. Stephen's way. I wouldn't be in Mr. Stephen's power not for anything that could be given me, and ' that's why I could bite my tongue out that wouldn't let Ford give' warning. • Oh !t it's easy to understand Mr. Stephen—be don't let no one stand in his way." " You are doing my brother injustice," Ed mund said, but be had little spirit in Steptien's cause, and he was too much bewil dered to be able to see light one way or another. That Stephen should thus venture to insult the people he hod so deeply injured seemed beyond belief, and so was the whole confused mystery of Lily—the ladies with whom she was supposed to be, the friends, though the unhappy mother had declared she had no friends at the first stroke of the calamity. Edmnnd did not know what to think or Bay. He went back across the park completely perplexed, feeling that he had lost every landmark, and all was chaos and confusion around him. Was it, after all, the common tale of betrayal and ruin ? Was it something entirely different? Was Stephen the cold- blooded destroyer, who after lie had rained the daughter would Attempt to con ceal his crime by driving away the helpless poor people from their borne? He could not tell what to think. Was there, perhaps, some unsuspected third party who was the criminal or who was the saviour ? Edmnnd felt that he could make nothing of it one way or another. As for the hope which be had entertained of injuring Stephen in the eyes of Elisabeth by means of Lily's wretched story—for that was now how bis project appeared to him, he felt ashamed to the bottom of his heart of this unworthy purpose. Stephen was without mercy, without kindness, benton his own ends and tolerating no interference: but in this (natter perhaps after all he was innocent He could not have tried to crush Lily's patents if Lily had owed her destruction to him; a man may be bad, but not so bad as that! Compunction came into Edmund's soul: to do injustice to any man was terrible to him. A brief conversation which he had with Stephen before dinner did not, however, mend matters. Stephen took the first word. He asked what the d Edmnnd meant by interfering with what was no business of bit " Ab much of mine as of yours," said Edmnnd ; " more, perhaps, since 1 know the people better. Yon could not really think of taking it upon you to turn one of my father's old servants away." " Old servants be !* said Stephen. "A pair of detestable old hypocrites 1 What use is an old fellow like that in the covers ? I'll have all those vermin of old servants cleared away. "Fortunately yon are not the master, Steeve. no, neither am I; 1 pretend to no authority " ' 1 should hope not," said Stephen, with an insolent laugh ; " you're out of it at least And 1 can teii you I'll stand no nonsense, I Ned, no protecting of a set of rogues and toadies. They think they can defy me, and that Mr. Edmnnd will see them righted, as they call it I'll have none of that The estate is to be mine, and I mean to manage it my own way." " The estate is not yonrs while it is my father's, Stephen. And I shall certainly appeal to him not to suffer the Fords to be turned out in this summary way. They are old retainers—they were favonriles of my mother." 'Oh yes, to be sure—ond the pretty daughter ! There was perhaps more than one of ns hit in that quarter," Cried Stephen with arnde laugh. "That explains every thing. It's a crime to meddle with lur father, ebF' He stood with insolent eyes fixed npon Edmund's, a flobh on his face, defiance in his look. Edmund did not know , the keen pang of mortification in Stephen's mind which made him seize this opportunity of mischief, and there was something exas perating in the look which tried biB patience almoat beyond endurance. It was the second time in which all his self-control had been I necessary not to strike his brother to the ground. They stood straight np in front of each otber for a moment, looking into neb otter's face like deadly foes, hot like brothers. Then Edmund torned slowlj away. "We cannot fight," he said, "because we ate both Mitfords and I will not dishonour my father's house by a sen file': but you know what I-think better than if I audit, either by words or blows." "That for your blows!" cried Stephen, snapping bis fingers; bat be torned a way more quickly than his brother. Even he could not bnt feel that there bad already been enough of that 