T il £ TKí] FA lili iäÄS' ADVOCATE. SA TURD i r VG VEXBER gs, 1SS7. PABKE3ANIA. WHAT THE FAPBRS ARE SAYTIÎO ABOUT PREMISE PARKES. ( Continued. ) IT may be thought that we hare some personal tura to serve, or some personal inj ury to resent that ire eeem so enamoured of this subject. By no means. Sir Henry Parkes never, that we are aware of, did us an ill turn ; but as Sir Henry is Premier of the colony, and a lot has been said about bim by dfferent people, and the one side only been heard up this way, we are de. sirous that people here should hear both I sides-Beeing that at last General Election, i all three candidates were Parkes men, and, I therefore, the gentleman, who now occupies the position of our representative in the Assembly must thave been sent in on that ticket, no matter who sent bim in. To show, however, that we are actuated by the fairest of motives in publishing the opinions of our contemporaries, we begin this week's selections with the following : firs,-In these days when notoriety, even of the most questionable kind, is so eagerly sought after, and when no act is thought too unmanly and un« worthy which will secure the end ia view, it is not surprising thal some few men of tba McEihoue type -if such contemptible and unscrupulous creatures deserve the title-endeavour to make capital out of the unfortunate position in which Sir Henry finds himself. In the opinions of his detractors, presumably, the end justifies the means, and in their con i not towards a man as far above them intellectually as the Alps are above Lake Como, we have an illustration of the fable in which the asses kick the dead HOB. Yet Parkes is not defunct, and it ia hoped that he will long lire to be a thorn in the sides of his mean and cowardly traducers the McElhones, Melvilles, Dibbles, and the moat of other political pigmies whose a: in it is to degrade him. The press of the colony is with Sir Henry that is, if the rabid section of it be excluded-that section which must needs oppose the popular voice in order to live, or rather in order to eke out aa existence at all. 1 have read the several clippings under th« heading of " Parkesaaia," in your last issue, and think that the case against Sir Henry Parkes is not at all strengthened bj their insertion. The Sunday Times is not to be regarded aa aa author- ity on anything which affects Sir Henry or Free trade ; for being an offshoot of the now defunct Globe, which made a feeble eßort to plant the banner of Protection throughout the land, and dismally failed, Parkes and his policy have always stood io the same relation to the TY mes as a ted rag does to a bull. But one assertion made by the paper in question needs answering, and it is this that the Directors of the Mutual Life Assurance Society were not prepared, as Sir Henry Parkes stated, to confirm the leases he had granted to the maa M'Namara and others. Now, this assertion has been proved utterly false, as the Society in question nos expressed its willingness to confirm the leases, and has done this through the mediara of the respectable portion of the Metropolitan Press. The second excerpt is taken from one of the most conservative rags in the colony-the Central Australian-tht editor of which would slangwhang his mother-in-law in default of having better game tr t*5f 8y afc. The opi inion of sc ch a one-horse pro àef'-.ioii ie aCíirceíy wort*! consideration; and that vf «i:-'; Record, the organ ot the Roman Catholic jisrîv ia ÉL-Ï Fa-i-burst districts, may be similarly »reateo, for the Bomaa Catholic party is diametri- cally opposed to Parkes on all points. Were he (Parkes) to turn Protectionist, they would almost to a man espouse the cause of Free-trade in order the better to be able to oppose the aged statesman. The Record quotes the opinion of the Imperialistic Dalley of Soudan-Donkey renown, whose mission it was to perpetrate, during his very brief tenure of office, more unconstitutional acts than Sir Henry Parkes in bis whole lifetime has been guilty of. Then that journalistic *. rat," the Evening News, is quoted- the Evening JVews, whioh to-day poses as a Free-trade organ and to-morrow as a Protection* ist, and which even at this very hour is awaiting the opportunity to turn dog on Parkes and on Free-trade. Of what value is the opinion vouch- safed by so unreliable a production 7 Now, as to the Lithgow Mercury, it is a well-known fact that the Boy Politician who presides over that branch of the Archimedean lever which moves the Lithgow world (sometimes, no doubt, to tears and bitter anguish) is one of those Victorian exiles, I who, like the bold patriots of olden time, " left their country for their country's good," and he came to New South Wales to preach the doctrine of Protection, simply because Victoria was played out, and offered no scope for the development of his budding genius. We have too many of these refugees in this colony-these men who, imbued with the heroio spirit of self-sacrifice, leave a " wonderfully prosperous protectionist " colony simply to enlighten the darkness of Free-trade New South Wales-much in the way that Mrs. Jelleby undertook to promote the mission to the natives of Boorioboola-Gha, on the left bank of the Nile, even whilst her own household was in great need of attention, and whilst the children in general, and poor Peepey in particular, were in a bad way as regards cleanliness and clothing. Out upon these miserable " moralists," who see a spot i upon the sun whose brightness blinds them, and who attempt by all sorts #f rumours and mis- statements and the like to magnify it. How is it, if Sir Henry Parkes has been the knave he is i represented to have been, that something more than mere assertions have not been made ? The proof is wanting, and until the man is convicted upon substantial evidence, he must be regarded as innocent. In writing this letter, I do not mean to impute, I Sir, that any dishonest or unfair motives actuated you in publishing the extracts referred to. I merely intended to give my opinion regarding the several authorities, and thanking yo» for allowing me the space, I am, etc.. J. CHAS. FITZPATRICK. Our readers-we 'trust of all shades of opinion-will read this remarkable letter most attentively. We give its insertion for 44 Auld Lang Syne," but though Mr. Fitzpatrick were our twin brother, or long lost son, we could not allow it to pass with- out comment. Mr. Fitzpatrick may be quite sincere in all he irrites-though many of our townsmen will lift their eyebrows and elevate their shoulders a la Francaise when they read-and think. No doubt Mr. . Fitzpatrick has a wide acquaintance with the colonial press-we believe he has-and he may be quite correct in many of his I assumptions. He may know the motives which actuate each editor in writing down Sir Henry Parkes, and if his opinion of the Record, its readers, and the Catholic Protectionists generally, be correct, we are only too happy to make that opinion known in Windsor-though why, by the by#, Mr. Fitzpatrick does not make it known in his own paper-that ts to say, the paper with which he is connected, and of which he is a most valuable and able contributor-is strange, passing strange. The paper in question is decidedly protectionist, and we are freetrajàe-and tais, probably, is the reason Mr. Fitzpatrick comos to us. Any- how, our correspondent is quite welcome to any opinion JM may have of any paper in tiie colony-protectionist or otherwise-as ! also the opinion that "tho press of tho colony is with Sir Hoary Parkes" -though we incline to the opposite belief. No doubt, most of the papen from which vr a have taken excerpts are protectionist ; but what of that ? Does Mr. Fitzpatrick moan to say that the editors of protectionist papers are incapable of writing truth ? We, who are out and out freetraders-fifty times ahead of Sir Henry Parkes, or Mr» Putsferd, for that matter-believe nothing of the sort, as from our own knowledge and experience, we know some of the so-called freetrade rags to be anything to suit the times-but in the matter of sincere, honest convictions, nothing in particular. With regard to the Sunday Times, and Mr. Fitzpatrick's disclaimer, when he wrote he had not read our last week's extracts, or he would have found that the Times un- doubtedly proves its case. Anyhow, Mr Fitzpatrick is shrewd enough, and is suffi- ciently well acquainted with the libel law of New South Wales to know that such straightforward statements as have been made in the paper he so much condemns, would not be allowed tc go unanswered -or unpunished-if Sir Henry Parkes and his i influential backers were able to refute a I single line. To charge the Roman Catholics of the colony with such gross inconsistency as Mr. Fitzpatrick does, is too bad ; how about the other side-the Orangemen would not they turn round if Sir Henry bec i me the champion of Protection ? Far more likely than tho other, seeing that Protection is a part and parcel of an Irishman's political creed-be he Protestant or Catholic. As for the general attack upon those papers which oppose the Premier, it is decidedly unfounded-because, " iu order to live" the right ticket now-a-days is noi to oppose the " popular voice," but to run with it-at least, that is our experience. Therefore, there is more reason to behove that those who are honest and courageous enough to oppose a popular idol, do so from some better motive than to "eke out an existence." At the risk of being thought as " unclean" as a McElhone or a Melville, we deny that Sir Henry Parkes has the press of the colony, or the " voice of the people," with him-and surely the long list of subscrib- ers to the fund, published in Saturday's daily papers, should convince hi« most rabid admirers- or worshippers-of that. Twenty-five thousand pounds were to have been raised in a week, but, pitiful to relate, a month has elapsed, and there are not yet, at the time of our writing, £5000 ia haad. | Bat fancy ! the hat being taken round among the unemployed at the National Park and Narrabeen, and the amounts raised, £25 9s and £¿4 14s 6d respectively, from the shillings of these poor men who are supposed to be merely earning tucker ! It is the last straw that breaks the camel's back, and this cadging from the un- employed and from State school children should be sufficient to damn at once and for ever the " National Tribute" fakement -which we sincerely hope the centenary fad will wipe out effectually. We regret having had to hold over Mr. Fitzpatrick's screed for a week-but, better late than never. We have had our '¡¿¿le eay, and we'll now proceed to dig out a few more excerpts from other sources--which Mr. F. may deem equally unreliable. For instance, the Nepean Times says : That Sir Henry Parkes is a great states- man most everyone will admit ; that he is also the master superior of all political shufflers no one will deny. He is posing before the world now as injured innocence -the poor man without friends. His poverty is a disgrace to him. A man who is in receipt of £2000 a'year and don't pay his way is worse than most men. The Metropolitan press is very anxious to let Australians know that he is not the only great man who, after serving their country, find themselves in pecuniary difficulties. In answer to such statements one might say that bad examples are easily found and es- pecially amongst great mea. And the Cumberland Mercury, never sensational and always respectable, has this : He (Sir Henry Parkes) is at present ia the ascendant. He is facile princeps in working a theatrical stroke ; he knows when to hold a seat and when to resign; he was fully aware that to anticipate Mr. Dibbs' motion was a safe, yet apparently bold and fearless move ; and he is as keenly in touch with those who, blindly or otherwise, believe in him as a doctor with his patient's pulse. I * * # . At present Sir Henry Parkes is inevitable, and perhaps he is likely to command a workable majority for some time to come. In the circumstances, it is better that he should be raised above the necessities which have compelled the assignment of his estate, than that he should be altogether dependent on his income as a Minister, or on the precarious livelihood to be gained from speculations and friendly loans. He may lose office in a few months, and, after an interregnum of a year or sn, return to power on a popular wave. If fae be compelled to incur fresh liabilities; if, in order to live and maintain his position, he became in volved in new deb s, the farce or comedy or tragedy of the last few weeks may be enacted again. Therefore, on the grounds of ex- pediency, ve do not oppose, but are rather inclined to support, the subscription list opened to ensure Sir Henry Parkes a fair competence for the remainder ot hts life. * * . # It is to be hoped, however, that be will leave speculation severely alone for the future. We are told that his forte is statescraft ; that his vision is too Wide to grasp the petty details of the butchers' and I bakers' bills, and the sordid recognition of j promissory notes overdue. Perhaps to, and, therefore, when the former «re provided for I in the future by a grateful nation, there. should be a provino th it th« responsibilities | ol th« latter will not again be incuned. Let Sir Henry adhere to statecraft, as the cobbler is advised in the classics to stick to his last. He has failed as an ivory turner, as a newspaper proprietor, as a poet, as a land speculator, and he has succeeded only . as a politician. Surely he is old enough ?jv to abandon pursuits for which he is un ûtiéà * * * . í tasé and the disgrace the colon'/ has sustained in pan years from the ftctious rivalry of these ttio nen, any present difficulty they mav cause If the «añona! tributé was not r:ù-.e?« fr.»m the individual offervtgs of the peop'o, 'herc is little doubt th it it would, in *h> en I, he drawn itara the Collective purs? of the Sirx'e when 3'tr Henry reiired» Acc«*-íin»i/. to subscribe it now will be only «nt«cipati.ian act which would hire to be performed sooner or later. This is assuredly temperate enough. The Mercury is ceitainly well on tor pr.»tectiori but with the present editor at the head of affairs. We don't think the paper car. be aceusd of bing unreliable. At a "Niti mal Tribute " meeting, he'd over at Penrith, the other day. Printer L°es, M.P., sud this: "When C.ibden became, impoverished, £70,000 were collec- ted for him, and a few years af'er £40,000 were collected." Hear what '* B iy'' Caul, field says on that matter-he draws a comparison, thus : - PARKES AND COBDEX.-P iss round the hat for the Premier by all means ! Fill it full up with Sovereigns, or nuggets, or fifty »pound bank bank notes. Let every- man give what he will, and give, if he pleases, all that he hath. But let no one give in the idea that the positions of Henty Parkes and Richard Cobden are in any Way whatever to be compared with eich other. Richard Cobden was a highly-successful man of business on the highroad to fortune when, at the urgent request of the great manu- facturing community who were thuded by hi<> eloquence and conquereJ by his logic, he gave up his commercial pursuits to fight their battle. He exacted no promise of payment ; he simply relied on their assurance that when the battle was won ht should be recompensed for his loss, and shou d be repliced in the position he vacated at the earnest and humble solicitation of thoa.' who bad no other champion. That recompense was made, and fairy made. It proved to be insufficient, and it was supplemented by a later collection, both made in fulfilment of a most sacred undertaking, and b >th necessi- tated by the fact that Richard Cobden, though frequently invited to take office, steadfastly refused to accept any office oj profit whatever ! ! ! ANO REMAIA*£D CdJîsTANT IN THIS DETERMINA TrON TO THE DAY OF HIS DEATH. # # # # How difierent is the case of Henry Parkes. He, having failed in business and paid a merely fractional dividend, took up politics as a trade, pursued it as a trade, and stormed office at every opportunity. Tnat h J often refused office is true, but why ? Because his imperious temper and his determinarion to ride roughshod over everybody impelled him to refuse anything but absolute power, and this he achieved each time he did achieve it by that worst and basest of all methods the deliberate, intentional, and premedi a'ed obtrudion of business. Nothing should be done by anybody unless be were allowed to do it. That was his positive resolution, and that resolution was carried into action in the most unscrupulous fashion. The history of the session o( 1886 discloses a larger amount of obstruction offered to reasonably good legislation by the present Premier than has ever taken place befóte in any legislature in the world. Everything that was for the benefit of the people was obstructed, every- thing that was for the advancement of busi- ness was obstructed, and it was made quite clear then, as it had bees many times before, that Henry Parkes would rather see the country sink in ruin than not rule it himself. Consequently he has been Premiar for ten years out of the lase fifteen, and ha% received twenty thousand pounds of public money as salary during that time. * * * # To compare this selfish, arrogant, over- bearing, unscrupulous man with Richard" Cobden ts sacrilege. Excepting in the fact that they were both unable to deal with the poor letter H, there is not one atom of simi- larity. Richard Cobden lived universally beloved, and died universally lamented. Henry Parkes boasts, and truly boasts, that he is friendless. How should he be other- wise who has deserted friend after friend. His final betrayal of Sir John Robertson would i "Self stamp his memory as a politician with infamy, and the relationships between himself and those of his creditors whom he has foisted jnto the Government make it im- possible to believe in his sincerity in any- thing but his determination, to be ruler or ruiner of the State. # # ? # It has been plainly shown that during the last eight years ten thousand pounds pr fi t oa .tn original outlay of about £800 has been made by the Premier out of a speculation in North Shore lands', and ten thousand pounds has been received by bim as salary duripg the same period. Twenty thousand pounds from two sources alone has therefore been squandered since 1879 by this reckless per- son, who began his political career as a I bankrupt tradesman« and bas during its whole length affected the state, the arro i gance, and the extravagance of a prince. ! # » * # Pass round the hat ! much good may it dc him. Many will give because they are sn weak-backed that they give to anything they are asked. Many more will give because, being creditors or interested in the Premier'! liabilities, they will wisely choose to stimu- late a generosity by which they will largely profit. Others again will give on the plan ol the unjust steward. " I, teo," eaoh will say, .* contemplate presently making a clean sheel of my liabilities. Let me, therefore, loot generous now that others may be generous tc me." Let them all give by all means, bm not on the foolish pretext that there is any parallel between his position self-sought, self-made, self-produced in every way, ant that of the great, good, pure-minded, pure lived, und disinterested patriot, Richart Cobden. Twas only last year thu the boss slobberer, the Sydney Daily Telegraph, wrote thus : - It ts at comparatively trivial matter that the Opposition should be divided and reduced to impotency by the rival ambitions of two selfish and unscrupulous politicians, neither of whom will surrender the leadership to the other. The circumstance has no doubt its inconvenience, chiefly as he¡ o ¡ag to protract the life ol an Administration from which it is pretty evident that not nmch pnbllc benefit is to be anúci¿- r«d. Bat compared with the j to us becomes very inbigufic m*. W!»p<\- .«? i reflect thjt for vear. thz politic1 Hf" *t N.S. IV. teas nothing but a prize-rffur 'J ? ¡ tua ' bruisers' ta knock themselves await 'à, ! they meauuihile pocketing strAcs .'md gàtè- I money contribute j i>y the credulous pah! ic, " ? ' hac'imô ab e to reside the c >tá»irn*ive 'i- ¡ ¿ionaube oí tue objtac'es hey nov iil»» ' pose to our yvdiiic;! progress. Ther** 1-, j indeed^ ari apt consistency in the ,ic« fiat I after desTidii»2 our pub'ic life for *nu - \ 1 years hy their rivalry cAd §reed and unscru- pulous ántbilion, now when they have a;(- i patently become impossible he*de of a st*ld Government they still ft jht out their wretched venditta in the cold sh ides of opposition. If | ei'her of them had the generous public s;»irii I to render the only service passible at their ' hands by really and finally retiring, we fe- | that the consistency of «heir lives would be ; marred, and we should be puzzled to explain where the patriotic in: pulse could have com-J from. The case shows that ve are not ' likely to be puez'ed in any such manner, j Our yesterday's narrative exhibted two mo in their " customary attitude," and in perfect harmony with théir Whole pail, marling aad \ fighting over one miserable bone, or rather 1 what they regard as such, though ic is hut its shadow. In all this we recognise Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John R ibertson we hate so long known, with their selfishness, their disregard of any interest but their own, and their all-absorbing egotism alt unchanged. Thus the Radical: THE PREMIER'S FAILURE.-The name of Sir Henry Parkes seems destined to be ever prominently before the public of N. S. Wales. The bankrupt state of his finances is just now in everybodys' thoughts and vari- ous suggestions are being m «de in regard to rendering him some practical assistance. When a man is down, the first thought amongst charitably disposed people ia, how they can help him up. There ars however amongst charitably disposed people, a num- ber having an uncanny knack of enquiring h*w it came about, ere they will afford any assistance. If any man falls through in- temperance it needs a lot of charity to con- tinually bolster him up. If a man gainb'ca his means away charitably disposed people who are not addicted to the vice themselves, will hesitate befure seriously advancing sup- port, r ie Pre nier has fallen, a-id so far as we know, it has not ome about through drunkenness, nor through gambling, in the popular sense. There is however a species of gambling, to which our politicians are all more or lea* addicted, which the present Premier h.ts ever encouraged and which has at least proved to be his cur«e, as well as the curse of the country which he presides over. It is land speculation ; and laud speculation is gambling with the birth-right and heritage of the people. The Premier has fallen through this modern curse of civil zation through the failure of his schemes. He stood to win many thousands, but his luck was out, and be lost. He took the odds against his pet, and in the race between his pet, ** Unearned Incre- ment," and his creditors' "Demands," he was hopelessly beaten- The question is then, ought we to help him ? Ought we to save him from the consequences of hts actions ? Thus the Republican . " POOR, BUT HONEST," PARKES!-We have no desire to bit a man when he is down, as the vulgar s tying has it, bu t we do desire to see justice done to the injured and defrauded. We are anxious, too, to vindicate the honour of the colony and to protest against the high- est office in the country being occupied by a political humbug, a gibbet of honour, a fraud in the strictest sense of the word. The assignment of the Premier's estate, after two previous insolvencies-the one in 1869 and the other in 1870, has reveded his true character to the world. Notwithstand- ing the fact that within sixteen years he had received £20,000 of the public monies paid to him in his official capacity, an I that he has deprived his creditors of fully three times that sum during his public career, he has had the mendacity to rob the poor and provident tenants on his Montpelier estate, and to de- fend his conduct by subterfuge and false- hood. And yet be is the Premier of N.S.W. The parrot cry that Parkes is the Grand Old Man of New South Wales should be in- terpreted by the wail of the widows and (he cry of the poor that his reckless and cri-.ninal extravagance bas caused. His grandeur is in allowing his creditors to go unpaid, in fraudu- lently selling land to which he had no legal right ; in obtaining the money of the poor under false pretences ; in having the cheek to send the hat round ; in the ruin of our in- dustries ; in the pollution of the political stream, and in a long career of tyranny, self seeking, and sham ! Is there another colony in the world that would tolerate the sight of P-trkea and Gir rett embracing each other ? Parkes, has pro- claimed Garrett a public thief, and on that score moved his (Garrett's) expulsion from the House. Sir Henry Parkes positively re fases to withdraw the charge. He, therefore, in effect says that he believes Mr. Garrett a public thief, and yet he makes him his Minis- ter for Lands. No man has ever lived in the political life of the country who has done more to foster sectarian jealousies than the raiser of the Kiama Ghost. He has set Orangemen against Catholics, and hat remorselessly witnessed the spectacle of the strife, the bitterness, the pain he has occasioned for no other reason than to serve his own base political purposes. And yet there are those who will send their wives and daughters to beg for a mau who may be designated aa the robber of the peace of the hone and tb* sanctity of the family. If the wires and mothers and the daughters of these could only see the channels ia which the money they ate collecting will have to flow, they would rather subscribe and beg to have him transported beyond the seas than raise a penny to keep the tyrant to wrong tne poor and helpless in our midst. Indeed, the transportation of this Humbug and Fraud would be the greatest blessing that could possibly happen to New South Wales. 