OUR ROME -LETTER. I . _ . ROME, FEB.- 19. All Italy was (brown into a state of excitement and consternation at the news of the massacre of Italian S. by the Abyssinians, which reached Rome the first days of this month. Crowds assembled outside the Camera to meet the Ministers, who were blamed by the people for keeping back the news, for refusing to give the numbers of the regiments to which the companies belonged, and for not sending succour immediately. It was supposed there would be a crisis. However, the domitius wen more pathetic than to provoke one at such a moment, and after severe criticism supplies of. the army were voted to the amount of eve millions of francs. The demonstrations outside suddenly ceased after a day or two ; but those who makes mischief their parties spread a wit illustrated papers with frightful picture of Italian soldiers butchered by savages, and thoroughly alarmed the families of men subject to be called out in the event of the service of reserves being required. As for the military, they were in high spirits at the prospect of active service, from the Duke dAaata down; and the troops embarked on the 1st of February at Naples started very cheerfully. One of the false reports which irritated public opinion was to effect that the Times had published a telegram reporting the massacre on Sunday, 23rd, while General Riootto, Minister of War, kept the news back. This was easily refuted, as the Times is not published on Monday, nor does the paper in consequence arrive in Rome at all on Tuesday, which was thirdly the people inspected the news had come to Rome. The Italian Boy at family marked their sympathy with the people by putting off a concert at which the Queen wish to have been present the same week. There is but one voice both among Liberals and Clericals as to the oeCMSity for vindicating Italy's honour. on the African shore of the Red, Sea,. For several days King Humbert refused to take his usual drives, and shot himself up in vexation. Blame, which at first fell upon the Ministers, attached itself particularly to General Riots (War Minister) ; then came the report that 'Count Robillard, Minister for Foreign Affairs, was determined to resign. This caused much alarm to all the Moderates, as he has conducted the foreign policy hitherto in a manner satisfactory to 139 Sovereign and to the nation. At last came long delayed despatches from General Go no at Massowah, the publication of which in some degree calmed the national agitation, but of course the long delay of the itemised list of killed and wounded contributed to prolong the suspense in a country now for 20 years unused, to the tragic realities of active warfare. In a day or two, however, the divisions in the Cabinet locarno public Court Robillard held that government i was impossible with a shadowy majority of 32 confidence votes, and persisted in resigning. 80 nothing was left for Signor Depretis and the rest but to follow his example Up to last Monday nothing was known of King Humbert's intentions as to the formation, of a new Ministry. Then it began to be reported that his Majesty had again desired Signor DoprctU to form another Cabinet, and that Count Robilant was yielding to the persuasions of so many friends to re- Jame his post at the Consults for Foreign Affairs, However, up to the present date nothing has been decided, and the Italian Government is carried on as usual by the Ministry in resignation, the public giving as much attention either can spare from the brief carnival in guessing who will form the new Cabinet. Cardinal Jacobini note to the Nuncio at Munich, in which German Catholics are recommended by the Pope to vote for the Septimane, caused a storm in the Liberal papers here, on account of the passage in which the Holy See desires to secure the influence of the German Empire in obtaining " better times " in Italy. This was immediately interpreted into hopes for armed intervention towards the restoration of the temporal power. But some reflection is already calming the momentary irritation aroused in the minds of Leo XIIL's admirers in the Liberal camp. It cannot be fairly said that the Holy See was indulgently treated " by the late Italian Government. One need only go back to the forcible closing of the private or clerical schools last November, without any reason whatsoever a measure which had to be almost instantly Cancelled by the people's indignation also to the famous circular for the existing of nuns from, their old con- vent before their new houses are ready, limiting the number, of their lay servants, and interfering with their costumes 1 The Vatican cannot hope to rekindle a holy war in the days. The Cologne Gazette very reasonably says Leo XIII. cannot dream that Protestant Prussia will send her Pomeranian grenadiers to whiten the Tiber banks with their bones, but he may justly hope for the mediation of the German Empire in establishing upon a pacific basis a conciliation between himself and the King of Italy. Meantime the conciliation unofficial progresses regularly, independently of the Ministry in power. The religious example of the Royal family of Italy carries a powerful influence into the higher classes, and forming a bulwark of its own against the encouragement of the manifold Protestant propaganda, carried on chiefly by foreigners in Italy. Verdi's new opera " Otello " is the crown of his Humorous musical achievements. The first performance on the 5th was an event for Milan, and the city was crowded with notabilities and foreigners drawn thither for this important, artistic event From noonday people began to assemble at the Theatre of La Scala for entrance, and fabulous prices were given to the few possessors of tickets who would sell them. By 7.80 in the evening the Scala was full. At 8.30, Signor Facto gave the signal for the orchestra to begin. Expectation was strung to the highest pitch. The curtain rose and revealed a castle on a rocky sea coast There is neither symphony nor prelude ; the orchestra strikes a seventh to do, while the organ on the stage gives a distant thunder rolling stop. The music describes a tempest The chorus announces the approach of a fail then a banner. The thunder rolls ; it is the Doge's it's!' a''" till- temPest "ROSE and the sea years. All this is a sublime piece of descriptive music, and has *?i"AttMo effect PORT the audience. Signor Tamagno Othello now comes forward singing, "Exult! the Mussulman pride is buried in the sea ; ours, and of heaven is the glory I After defeat by arms the tempest conquered him." Another very beautiful chorus follows, executed to perfection. It is the duel between Osssio drunken and Rodorigo, the chorus meantime shattering and drinking gaily. Othello comes on the scene, orders the combatants to sheath their swords, and, deprives Cassio of his grade as captain. Iago the motor exults. Now comes the love duet between Othello and Desdemona, who comes on the scene alarmed by the cries and confusion of the due!. Verdi has thrown his whole soul into this club, which terminates with a warbling produced by two violins on a single chord like the trill of a nightingale. Bo .'P8* was the enthusiasm of the public, Verdi had to come forward twice to receive their acclamations. The second act begins with the monologue of lege. It is accompanied by on instrumental declamation of matchless descriptive power, The effect is strange and terrible. Jago then urges Russia to approach Dosdomona, who is walking alone in the garden; while Otssio is conversing with her the sun takes place in which large insula the poison of jealousy into Othello's susceptible mind, There is great demand power in this scene the music is almost beyond We grasp of the audience at the first hearing. Then comes a charming Serenade of guitars and mandolins a relieve the strained attention which likewise fails to" see at last the difficult olaMio composition of lege's sery about£ie dream, and the words Oaesio utters in I P66?;» Thoourt!>in fast as Othello cries: Aveng 'gg tod J Signor Maura is a wonderful lago. Verdi was now called forward four times, The third act is iLviu }us inteNSe and receding everything Verdi as hitherto conceived. The duel between Othello and ramona in which- his suspicions are Hung at her too gazette between Othello, Cassio, and Iago the among of the ambassadors. for Cyprus-thorn are 11 Wit? totals as distinct and operate PMaiwiB, , of 4' the same time into a clear harmonious AM if Possible to describe- In spite of the enormous efficacy of rythm and intonation the chorus executed we concerted portion? to admiration. The pn Wit is the immense audience was at its Hkn 1- F the time the fourth act began commotion made nearly everyone pale. Desdemona 2 ."? of great Early i chiefly cows an Ave Maria DUTT -J T' The duet two- Othello and Warn is divine. Worthy of the great poet " of -EAST! U " triu,"Phof musical art throughout '?ÇhTSTiTT sung by Signora Bromilda Pantaleoni. fiZÎ?rr-T'l.i£,tho drama from, Shakespeare is by Agno motto. All Italy rings with credit a Otello F «uomn requiem masses were celebrated for the _JL_U III I' I ii I ----_-»-_ Italian. soldiers who. fell" at the battle of Dagoli in Africa. First, on ghosts, at the Court Church of Sudario, in the presence of the lung, Queen, and Court, and as many of the public as could crowd into the small church. Thee on Wednesday, 17th, a very grand funeral mass was celebrated in the vast church of. Sant Andrea duels Table, on the occasion of which every corner of the building was full of a grave, and I may say devout congregation at all classes. The front door of the church was draped with black, and an inscription in large letters had the words, " To the Lallans-Fallen in barbarous land-Host in Christ Play the citizens under the care of the Society of the Holy Family." This inscription only varied in words from that at the Court Church, " prayers and offerings to Almighty God For the souls of the brave Italians-Fallen in Africa-For the honour of their country." Over the high altar of Saint Andrea was huge canopy of black and gold, in the midst of which shone in conspicuous relief a great gold cross. In front, on the ground, was laid a richly embroidered part, with a large wax candle burning at each corner. Also at the four corners were four trophies of arms at the sides, on the ground, other arms and two wreaths-one on a velvet cushion, of laurel from the Society of the Holy Family; the other of fresh flowers, with ribbons of the Roman colours, red and orange, from the city. Gentlemen and ladies representing the Court and municipality had places round the pall The rest of the great space formed by the transepts was reserved for persons with tickets, while the nave was filled with people and soldiers, all, a I said Were, solemn and sad. Consignor Sambu costs, in black embroidered vestments, celebrated mass, assisted by the clergy of St. Peter's. The music was magnificent, ,Torziani's Mass of Robinson being sung to perfection. Marconi, the fine tenor, sung the offertory. Afterwards the members of the Society of the Holy Family made a collection for the families of the poor soldiers, which I hear produced good results. His Holiness Pope Leo XIII. is in good health, and receiving daily humorous ecclesiastical dignitaries. On Tuesday there was a specially grand audience of Monsignor Azarian, patriarch of the Armenian Catholics, who has come to Rome not only for the occasion of the Pope's sacerdotal jubilee, but boards in quality of special envoy from the Sultan to the Holy Father bearing an autograph letter and a precious gift. It was a gorgeous scene in the Pontifical state apart- ments. The whole Vatican Court was in grand cross. Swiss guards, Palatine guards, noble guards, the crimson robed scorers, all the chamberlains, ecclesiastic and lay the latter in the costume we call Henry VIII, but also that of Charles the Fifth German Court. Besides the Armenian dignitaries, the rooms were also full of other oriental ecclesiastic-, The Patriarch of Armenia, Mon signor Azarian, wore the grand patriarchal robe, only used for the highest solemnities, decorated with the grand cordons of the Osmanich and Mohidich on his head was the singular headgear of Armenian bishops, which I can only compare to a small drum in shape, and from which floated a veil on his shoulders. Behind him walked another Armenian bishop, Monsignor nubian carrying on a crimson velvet gold-worked cushion the Sultan's letter ¡ lastly, a third bishop, Monsignor Kupolian, bearing on a silver tray the case containing the jewel, which turned out to be an immense diamond of the purest water set in a ring. The latter and ring were offered by the patriarch, who read an appropriate address in Italian, to which the Holy Father replied and than putting the ring on his finger gave the Patriarch his hand to kiss. Afterwards, the Pope received the Patriarch in private in his library, wearing a rich stole embroidered for him by the Armenian nuns at Constantinople, the gift offered previously by Monsignor Azarian for his Jubilee. The street carnival began on Thursday, and presented nothing worth describing. The arches for illuminating via Nazionale are prepared ¡ but the weather being extremely cold, the lighting up is postponed until to-morrow evening. Kcvcf during the past 40 years has such severe weather been experienced here. Rome is however exceedingly full of strangers. Preparations are making for the Exhibition of lace and textile fabrics. 