SOCIAL. , U VENTS TO COME. Tattersau s races; Ranuwick, January 1 ana 3. Highland Sports Gathering, Association Ground, New Year's Day. Cricket Match between Victoria and New South Wales on the Agricultural-ground, January 1. Griiuii Military Concert by the Fifth Regiment Scottish Rifles, at the Exhibition Building, January I. Manly Aquarium, this and every day, Sundays in- CludBil. Miss Minnie Palmer in u My Sweetheart," at -the New Opera House, this aud every evening. The Comic Opera MFalka,"at the Criterion, with Ml3 Emilie Melville and Mr. Beaumont. . "Dick Wbittiugtou and bts Cat," at the Royal Standard. "The Sleeping Beauty," at the Theatre Royai. D'Arcy Read's " Ghost Redirivus " every eveuing at tho New Masonic-hall. York- street. His Excellency and Lady Carriugton will visit the races to-day. Lady Carringtou leaves on a long visit, ex tending to two months, for Moss Vale at the be ginning of the week, and Lord Carrington will join her ladyship there at the end of the week. The children of his Excellency left for their country home on Thursday evening. The past week has been devoid of social entertainment iu the fashionable sense of the word, although perhaps people have been enjoy ing themselves in a more rational way ; those of a domestic tendency having indulged them selves in family reunious, while the more soli tary soul, 4 who love3 uot man the less but Nature more," has betaken himself to com muning with Nature iu her solitary recesses, or to woo the Spirit of Beauty which dwells apart from the fashionable world of men and women and will brook no rival near the throne. Bo this as it may, in the world of society there is Utile noteworthy to chronicle. The gathering at the A.J.C. meeting at Randwick was very largely, though not so fashionably, attended , as the spring and autumn meets are wont to be, and has been the only event of note during the week. Lord aud Lady Carrington, accom panied by a numerous suite, were present, arriv ing before the first race and remaiuing on the course duriog the entire day. There have b«n no receptions at Government-house on the past two Thursdays, nor will he for the next few weeks ; and although the Nelson has been iu port during the last week, she leaves again im mediately, though her absence is not expected to be of long duration. An immense number of people spent their Christmas at Katoomba aud other of the mountain resorts, aud "beautiful Manly" lias had rather more than her usual share of visitors, owing in some measure perhaps to the unusual attractions of the Aquarium, which has been crowded both by day and by night, the average number of visitors being about 1000 per day during the holiday week. " Our Village " lias also been visited by the Colonial Secretary, who dined with Mr, Dalley on Tuesday evening, and if walls had ears, perhaps thsy could whisper how much truth resides in the persistent political rumors o£ the current week. Of Christmas and New Year's cards, the variety does not appear to be so great as usual. In-many instances photographs of lovely spots in the colonies have been selected as more suit able reminders for friends at a distance than the conventional garland or group of flowers of which we are all so heartily weary. Among more noticeable varieties, besides those painted on china which have been already described in this.journal, are some very good imitations of water-color sketches, published principally by German firms, iu which the coloring is of ex quisite" delicacy. Others from England seem mostly to issue from the atelier of Messrs. Raphael Tuck aud Sons, and represent fairy like haunts of grove and dell and fern and bower, of which, doubtless, our British com patriots love to be reminded while enduring such visitations of nature as the late snowstorm. Another variety by the same firm includes a printed form sending Christmas greetings, with a blank space left open in which to fill up the name of your friends, in style somewhat resembling an invitation card. As tbesc cards can be made to include an entire family, they appear to be a very seusible arrangement. One very pretty card bad a winged fairy bursting through a fan, holding up a crimson rose for greeting. Another was in book form, aud oa opening the dainty volume you descried a face or form of wondrous beauty. Of course it was open to the donor (being a woman) to substi tute her own photograph for the printed face, but few would venture to come iuto com petition with those survivals of the fittest whose loveliness had given them a place in these pocket-books of beauty. Among returning colonists on Christmas Eve by the s.s. Austral were the Hon. Boyd More- head, Mrs. Morehead and family, Mr. P. B. Walker, the Hon. Mr. Graham and many others, Although the streets were very full and apparently busy on Wednesday after the four days holiday, it did not seem as though much real - business was being transacted. People seemed as though they had come out to enjoy the novelty of looking at open shops instead of closed ones, most of the real purchases for the year being concluded. All the windows were gay with plush and ormulu fancy goods as well as cards of all sorts aud sizes ; but they looked a little ghastly, something like a girl after the ball is over ; though as there are always pro crastinating people in this world who never do to-'day what they cau put off until to-morrow, t is quite possible that a modicum of Christ mas presents were after ail purchased after Christmas Day. Doubtless when a few more years shall have passed away many people will close their shops and offices for the entire week, and then returning after New Year's Day begin theyear with those good intentions which are supposed to pave the way to a certain unknown locality. Mrs. Langtry, according to an English paper, is writing the usual novel, which every woman from the highest downward seems to consider it necessary that she must write be fore her life's work is fully completed. Lady Randolph Churchill is about to appear on a public stage and sing a aoug for a popular charity at Hackney. Fashionable hairdressing in London permits any false pads, coils, or trusses to be introduced into the present style of arranging the hair. The front is mostly curled. The back is then combed upwards, the ends all together twisted and fastened with a comb, or the back is often now divided down the ceutre, the two sides both combed upwards, but allowed to cross each other. Knots and coils are formed with the ends, or with any additions that may be introduced. There is a great deal oi variety in the loops and bows worn, and during tbe coming season, for evening, the two sides of the head will be dressed differently, in order to admit the aigrettes and pompous of ribbon, placed on one side. Of course it depends much on the shape of the head whether it is neces sary to raise tbe hair in front by placing a frisette beneath. A tied bow of hair is a fashionable addition, with diamonds or juweiled flies securing it. Young people wear the front hair a good deal turned off the face over a cushiou. The twists look best fastened with tortoise-shell pins, and combs are frequently placed sideways in tbe hair at the back. The Queen of November 20 has the following paragraph among its Dress and Fashioa Notes regarding the trousseau of a young Melbourne la3y "A Jiancte belonging to the Melbourne plutocracy has lately visited this country in order to "give her instructions relative to her trousseau co JIme. Antoine, of 9(5 Regent-street. The wedding dress, of pure white faille, has its long traiu set into the bodice with outstanding pleats and a panel, on which is executed a tleur- de-lys design in silver and seed pearls. On the reverse side is seen a drapery of tulle, showing a rich embroidery oi silver filigree, with pearl flowers and banging drops. Rows of old Malipes iace represent the front of the dres. The bodice, which is opened in front, has a high Medicis collar, embroidered to correspond with the skirt. Plumes of white feathers appear upon one shoulder, and trails of real orange blos som are to fall over the veil of old Malines that is to complete this cos tume. The child bridesmaids arc to have dresses of the time of Charles II., carried out in white China silk, with velvet yokes of chartreuse green, and sashes to match. Feathers of the same color will adorn their Cavalier hats, while on the accompanying five-year-old page will be seen a faithful reproduction of a Court suit of the period. The bride's travelling drc9S is of arinure, in the Guard's colors, and made with long drapery. Upon the bodice, which has no apparent fastening, is thrown back a single one-sided rcvcr3 of crimson velvet. The collar and cuffs are supplied in the same, and fulling to match borders the blue felt toque. Acrevette glacb dress had a drapery of soft grey silk shot with the same color, and pendeloques of moon light jet attached to straps of dark blue fancy ribbon to ornament the skirt. A graduated stripe of the pale crevette was inserted both in the front and back of the bodice. A fine cash mere costume in a shade of soft dove had one side entirely represented in plush and a sacque bag of cashmere suspended from the waist by a thick cord to break the monotonous expanse of the same. Tbe sleeves of the Puritan bodice were slashed with plush, and tbe vest of finely pleated Indian muslin was finished with revers and collar to correspond. A dress In coquclicot faille had its entire front covered with jet and black 'ace. tbe latter being also used to supply a high bodice over the low V-shaped one of" silk. The sleeves, which were araped with lace and jet, had an under strap of coquelicot. Ablacksatiu mcrveilleux was draped with tuile embroidered in sequin', aud the low bodice was trimmed to match. The accompanying trauspaicnt high bodice had on one shoulder a cluster of heliotrope feathers, while a duplicate ir. smaller propor tions was provided for the hair." The fashionable flower of the day is at pre sent tlic white chrysanthemum. It is worn as a buttonhole, massed as a bouquet and nestled among moss for table decoration, lightly veiled with maidenhair fern. Tinted ivy leaves very often form a background for it. On tables clusters of chrysanthemums of various colors and kinds are to be seen, rich and beautiful in their individual tints. For room decoration wild growths are now sold in the streets by itinerant vendors which even last year would have been thrown aside as rubbish. For in stance, clusters of tbe brown, dricd-up looking 44 combs aud brushes" or "teasers" from ditches, bnnches of red hips and haw?, the black berries of the pivot, brown grasses from marsh lands are placed with the still favorite bull- rushes and featheryipampas grass. The glisten ing white "honesty" is now seen towering oJoft in vases, mixed with pampas and black- berried pivot. The trailing staghorn moss from Scotch moorlands is arranged on dinuet tables, latu flat, in and out of flower receptacles and china bonbon plates ; and lycopodium moss, studded with flowers, is also utilised io the same way. The crotons, with theii richly tinted leaves", arc very popular for dinner tabU decoration. 1 ''Flower o May," in the World, writes thus regarding a well- known Aelbonrnc lady:— 44 Lady Clarke's outfit for Australia comprises some really beautiful dresses, which no doubt will be admired as they deserve. One is a quite splendid balldress, made in a mixture ol the very richest white and silver brocade Royale ami satiu antique. These materials, u they are produced now, when made in the'verj finest quality, are a joy to the eye in them selves, aud "when shaped cunninglv to the figurci add a beauty to it. This balldress ot Lady Clarke's has a' garniture of fine Honiton lace aud shaded velvet roses, so copied from Nature that Nature herself might claim them. Such a dress as this Is a picture in itself, for it is not only shaped and designed with the art of a great milliner, but it made of such rich textures that our stately aucestresses could not but have approved' oi theui. Another handsome evening dress is thi necessary heliotrope one. It is made of satfa| in n very delicate shade of heliotrope, and hat draperies of white crepe de Chine. The rich embroideries npon it are in two colors, grey aud gold. Then there is a visiting dress ot green faille fran<?aise, rich Indian embroidery aud crupc do Chine, wiih a very handsome sash of moiro silk. Moiru ribbons are also used oa a blue cloth gown, which is brightened by a vest of gold embroidery. Another dress, madt of faille fraupnise, is a morning costume. It h bro'vuaud is trimmed with brown beaded paase< mcntcric. There fis a bonnet to match, and a mantle in brown velvet, richly embroidered with brown beads." Madame Weigcl's Journal of Fashion for tba first mouth of the New Year 138.7 does not show much that is very novel, but rather deals with styles and patterns which the season cow advancing has shown to be the favorite wear. Thus in Nos. 901 and 90G we have a bodice and skirt which have been the general wear for in expensive materials among smart dressers for sometime. The bodice is short and jaunty in style. It is turned back at the throat with rever6 to show beneath the white shirt front, with high masher collar and studs all complete. The skirt is pleated, the pleats covered back and frout by the long drapery,, showing at the left side where the drapery is caught up, while at the right a panel, with a ladder of bowa aud a double row of lace, ts folded over a pleated, flounced panel. No. 905 will prove useful for either cotton or flannel morning robes. The shape is the popular Princess one, the only trimming in the pattern dress being a narrow" flounce ;around the bottom, but trim mings are always easily added. Some pretty mantelets will "prove useful to those country ladies who make their own ; in town they can be bought nearly as cheaply as they cau be made, especially in the fall of the season, when drapers are glad to make room for new pur- 'r chases. Country customers of this fashion ' journal will also find useful a new style of riding skirt which Madame Weigel declares, to he a greatly improved shape, having four darts on tbe right side near the kuee, causing an extra fulness, which contributes to the width of the skirt when it goes over the panel. This pattern is numbered 908 and includes riding-trousers. Among other patterns are a boy's dress and knickerbockers, a child's Prin cess petticoat, several illustrations of trim mings for gowns and millinery aud full illus trated instructions for leather work. Now that loug days and leisure-time give ladies opportunities for devoting themselves to the decoration of their rooms, tho following hints will be found useful, especially for those restless creatures who are never satisfied with things a3 they are, but always waut them dif ferent. What is said regarding the arrange ment of uhotographs in the subjoined paragraph may be very well utilised for Christmas cards: —In a room where space i;« limited the back of a cottage piano may bo converted into a recep tacle for all sorts of k nicknacks. A curtaiu or I drapery of any effective material is first attached, and this is looped up, left hanging, or arranged according to the exigencies of the situation. A shelf is placed some way down the back, with a festooned valance, and on this stand np photographs iu frames and any pretty trifles in the way of ornaments. Then below are suspended small pictures and other things, and at the base is a box with growing plauts, and at each end a tall, uprising bush ot foliage, grass, peacock feathers, or rushes. Iu windows, where space permits, two or even three shelves inay be fitted in, the upper one cushioned for a seat or used us a staud for flowers, and the under ones for books and odds and ends. Iu a bedroom this will be found very useful for boots and shoos of all kinds. Photograph frames of rough rounded wood about 2in. wide, or of notched twigs, cither painted' brown and varnished or gilded, arc novel. They are hung up by colored ribbon. A novelty for showing "off photographs, . whether cabinets, promenade, or even larger size, and mounted groups or views, is on.au easel of tolerable height made of deal ami afterwards painted black or in imitation wood. .An ordinary sheet of very thick cardboard, measu ring 2 iin. long and 19in. wide (the usual dimen sions), i3 covered with some material such as crimson or orange-green velveteen or cheap dress fabric. Theu three rows of ribbon 2£in. orflin. wide are stretched across at distances as tightly as possible and firmly secured to the back of the cardboard. One piece of ribboii Is at the ba?e and the other two are at a distance of 4Jin. apart. These are then feather-stitched near the lowest edge to form receptacles for the photographs, which drop in aud stand up agalut the cardboard. Afterwards, two corners of plush, one larger than the other, are put on across the right-hand corner low down, aud the opposite one on the top of the cardboard. These are merely for ornament, and can bo worked with a floral design, a slanting signa ture or painted in oils ou some other material than plush. The lowest corner should measure lain, in length across thu cardboard, and the upper one about din. When this is ali done, take a piece ot lining of some kind, turn iu the edges and 'sew it neatly on at the back. Some discretion must' be exercised ns to the putting on of the ribbons and the securing them to the material in front, as some photos, are higher than others. Pins could be put in first, just to judge of there quirements. Wheu all is finished then rest the cardboard on the easel, put in tbe photos, arrange a silken sash scarf in a loop round the top of the easel, pass it behind the cardboard, bringing it out on the left side, and then drape it across the base to the right. Thus with no great amount of trouble or expense a very ornamental drawing-room knicknsck is pre seuted. Small campstools, with cretonne or plush bags attached to them, are novel work- receptacles. They are nailed to the stool and do not prevent its folding up, so the whole thing can be carried about and is most useful. The bag has a square base to fit tbe camp- stool, and is about IGin. high, with a draw string about flin. of the top : it has no lining. The campstool is first painted black if it is one of the cqrnnion.ones, but, if not, the original legs remain. ' Messrs. Hordern's, in Pitt-street, are now showing, though It is quite out of the bail season, an infinite variety of pompon eveniog nets iu every color, where the pompou is either chenille or straw. They also have some charmingly colored Pekiu gauzes, now so much in favor in England for ball dresses, in some pretty tint?, a rose pink, an ivory, and a pale iernon shade being specially attractive. In these Pekin gauzes the stripes are alternate, thu satin-like one being about 2in. wide, while the gauzy one is about the same width. Melbourne Punch reports : — Amongst the titled visitors to our shores may he mentioned tbe names of Baron Sandhurst and his brother, the Hon. J. W. Mansfield. The present peer, who was born in J 855, and married Lady Vic toria, daughter of Earl Spencer, K.G., in 1881, succeeded in 187G to his father, the late Sir William Rose Mansfield, 6.C.B., K.C.S.I., D.C.L., who was elevated to tbe peerage in 1S71 for his distinguished military services iu the second Sikh War, the Crimean War and the Indian Mutiny, afterwards being apj»ointed Camtnander-in-Chief in India, and subsequently Commander-in-Chief in Ireland. The present Baron has no family, a son aud daughter, issUo of the marriage, being both deceased. 