MISCELLANY OF NEWS. Tub destruction of British trade In Cochin China by the action of tho French authorities at Snigon hns caused groat inconvcuienco and loss in the Straits Settlements. Tin: sum of moncv spent eTcry year by tho whole population of London is at least £200,000,000 sterling, or an aTerage of about 16s. n woek per hea£ Tiie latest critniual returns published in India show that no abnormal increase of crime has followed on the release of 23,000 prisoners at the Jubilee celebration last Febrnary. It is reported that a mau residing in the vicinity of Niagara had navigated the whirl pool rapids in a boat of his owu construction, aud that tho passage was mado in five minifies. Tin- Volga is to be connected with tho Don this fyenr by a ship canal, undertaken by Fronch engineers. This will givo a great im petus to tho cxpauding commerce of the Dontz basin aad Iiostoff. The sarcophagus in which the remains of the late Emperor Napoleon III. have rested for so many years in the South Chapel at St. Mary's, Ohislchurst, hns been transferred to tho Imperial Mausoleum at Farnborongh. National Dlut ix 1887. — A Parliamentary return shows that the total national debt at the end of tho financial year 1886-7 was £738,278,688 which was £6,003,723 less than in the previous vear. and £100,865,909 less than in 1856-7 Shipping on tiie Clyde, — During the month of August thero were launched from Clydo shipbuilding yards 20 vessels, having an aggregato of 36,335 tons, which is fully three uml a-lialt times the output of the correspond ing month last yoar. The Career ok a Corsican Brigand. — The Corsican Assize Court has just sentenced to penal servitude lor lifo a young man of 25, named Martin Gaffori, who, iu the course of the last four years, had committed several murders and abont 50 acts of robbery with violence. Ladt Henky Somerset has created a con siderable sensation in Worcestershire with her " Gospel Tent " aud peripatetic preaching. Her ladyship's oratorical powers aro said to be of a high order, aad iter tcmperanco discourses almost rival in eloquence tho Primroso League oratory of Lady Jersey and Miss Ncvill. — World. Tiie aberrations of magistrates do not appear to diminish, in spite of tbe sharp lessons that some of them have deservedly received lately. At T'orpoiiit, ono Thomas Tooth, a native of Staffordshire, wns scut to gaol for 21 days' hard labor, as ho had been convicted of tbo truly serious offence of begging at Autonv on tho previous day. The A'etie Zurich Zeituny reports that a baud of forgers of antiquities purporting to come from prehistoric lnko dwellings iu Switzer land has becu uumitsked, and some of them are betug prosecuted before the cantonal tribunal at Freiburg, and some have nrnde admissions which fully bear out suspicions long lurking in the minds of Swiss mcbxulogists. Stiifiis seems to have been the headquarters of the spurious trade, Madame PArriis said to have a fan ou which aro the autographs of all the Sovereigns of Europe. Hero is a selection : — The Czar, Nothing is so soothing as your singing. The Etuperor of Germany, To the ever- singing uightiugHle. Queen Christina, To the Spanish woman from a Queen who is proud to have her for a subject. Queen Victoria, If King Lear' is right in tuving that a stveet voice is a precious gift in a womau, you nre the richest of womon. Tho Emperor and Empress of Austria have merely signed. M. Thiers, at the time he was President of the Republic, wrote, Queen of song, I stretch forth my hand to thee.- Another instance of a dog's bite developing fatal effects years after it was given has just happened at San Homo. I'uullo Gallo, a welt- ku-jwu laudscape photographer, was bitten three years ago. The wound healed up, and no evil results showing themselves, the acci dent was almost forgotten. From then till now the man enjoyed excellent health, and was able daily to atteud to his duties. A short time ago tho symptoms of that most terrible malady, hydrophobia, began to show themselves, and he lias now died ie awful agony. Siguor Gallo was in middle life, and -from tbe nature of his calling, and tho fact that he had his place of business on the Promenade, was widely known amongst British visitors to San Bemo and also much respected for his honesty and the good quality of his work. Perhaps the unusual heat may have had something to do -with the development of the virus of the rabies in his sA haver read by Mr. T. C, Mariin beforeystem, as this summer is reported from San Weino to lie one of the hottest ever experi enced, A PAPER read by Mr. T. C. Martin before the American Institute of Electrical Engineers conveys the information that in Europe there are 11 electric railways in operation. Of these 4 are in the United Kingdom— namely, at Brigh- ton, Portrush, Besspool and Blackpool. The longest is that at Portrush, 6 miles. Two at Brussels aud Hamburg are operated by storage batteries, and three other foreign railways have .overhead slotted tubes as the system of conduc- tion. Two make use of all the rail, and two of the third rail. The number of passengers esti- mated to be carried annually is 3,000,000. The electric railways of America number 13. One of these, in Montgomery, Alabama, has single and double tracks, and is 11 miles in length. The overhead conductor appears to be preferred in America. About 3,500,000 passengers are carried annually. The Besspool railway carries, in addition to passengers, 30,000 tons of freight yearly; and two Conti- nental mine railways do not appear to have any passenger traffic, but transport 300 tons of freight per day. The Boabu of Trape's Retort n-os- b.u-. m-hicy PitoCEuuitE, -The Board of Trado'lms just issued its fourth yearly report upon » various matters, judicial, administrative and financial, connected with the working 0f the Bankruptcy Act 1883 during the year of 188G Although the number of cases was creatlv reduced during the first year of the act? there has eluco been a gradual recovery ; w|, he n„ tbe other baud, there has been a marked decrease in tho amount of the liabilities iu each successive year, a smaller comparative decrease in the assets, and an annually decreasing loss to the creditors. Tbero have, it appears from this report, been no circumstances of an abnor mat character affecting trade withiu the 1" mouths. Thero has been au absence of crest fluctuations in tho prices of general coutmodi- lies, no outbursts of speculative exci!em«nt and no sudden contraction of credit or other disturbances of a financial character. With the one exception, perhaps, of the farming interest, the cause of insolvency has bcon reckless or imprudent trading, aggravated in its effects by the habit of coutinuing an un- productive or unprofitable business after know ledge of insolvency. _ . . The Loudon correspondent of a Liverpool paper states that several members have sigucd a memorial to tho Speaker asking htm to allow cards, chess, and such little games to be played at the IIouso of Commons. It is anticipated that if any attempt is made to give effect to the idea it will lead to considerable opposition. Trade Unions.— There aro in England, Scotlaud aud Ireland 254 of theso societies, with at least 330,000 members, a capital of £628,000, and au aggregate annual income of £638,000. Of these societies 209 nre in Eng land, 15 in Scotland and 30 in Ireland. The number of members in England is 319,000, in Scotland 12,000, and in Ireland 5500. 1'bips to avsthai.ia — The first of tho series of trips to the colonies organised by tho l'oninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company will tako place hv the company's fine new steamer, Britannia, 6500 tons, which will leave London for Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide on 4th Novemoer. Tho Britannia will carry, no emigrants or steerage passengers. Bank Dehosits in Ireland. — A return which has just been presented in Ireland shows ibnt the deposits and cash Imhtuces in joint-stock banks, which in June 1886 stood at- £29,223,000, lmviug shown a decreasoof £8,, 000 compared with the corresponding period of the preceding year, have risen lo £29,339,000 in Juno of this year, showing an increase of £116,000, or of 4 per cunt. A I'ariscorrespondent6tates that an invention called the telnutograph lias bcon exhibited there, by means of which can be reproduced by telegraph any kind of document in tho hand writing of 'the sender. The first experiments are stated to havo given most satisfactory results. The suggestion naturally occurs to wlmt extent such au invention mayjje mndo use of in aid of forgery. One of tho most extraordinary celebrations of her Majesty's Jubilee took place nt Denby Dale, near Bnrnsley, the other day, in tho preseuco of 30,000 spectators. A monster pie, weighing 2:- tous, was provided. Tho pie, which was baked in n specially constructed oveu, contained 60 stones of flour, 230 lb. of butter and bird, 225 fowls, pigeons, geese, turkeys and grouse, and 67 rabbits and hares. A procession was formed to tho field, whero the pie was distributed. The barricados were broken down tiy the thonsands of people who wero anxious to got a portion. A French pedagogue has invented an electric whip. He tub wits it to all who hare to do with children as an excellent substitute for the birchrod, cane or hempen whips which hitherto have been used to touo down tiie oxubcraut spirits of boys aud girls of school age. Tho caue, and even tiie twigs oi the birch, lcavo marks on the skin, a sort of disugrccable souvenir of certain bad quarter hours. The alertrie. whin leaves nn KUr.h innrbs end i) line tho further merit of giving out shocks more or less graduated according to the gravity of the offence. M licit excitement has prevailed in Gateshead, owing to a report that a ghost has been seen iu the borough. A public house which stood near the end of the High Level-bridge is undergoing demolition to make way for n coffee and reading room. lor tho cmp!oi/irs of tho North-oasteru Railway Company. This is the spot which is now said to be haunted by the ghostly visitor, Cynical wags suggest that (here wits a much better array of spirits in the public house before a commencement was made with the work of pulling it down than can possibly be the case now. However that may be, there arc not wanting those who . declare that at night a female ghost is to be seen flitting here and there over the spot in question. So widespread is the interest in tho matter, that hundreds of peoplo have awaited tho vision, and on more than one occasion the roadway has been blocked by the throng.' Colonel 5Ilrdocii Smith, who has been travelling through Persia for au official inspec tion- of the Indo-Europcnu telegraph system, convoyed to Teheran a present from the English Government to the Shah, in the shape of a very handsome set of instruments for a band of 60 men, which were specially made iu London for tho purpose. This gift was received bv the Shah at his summer palace, and there was a very stately ceremony on tho occasion. Tho Shah, who keeps op some of those customs which havo fallen into obliviou at certain parsi monious Courts nearer home, presented Colonel Smith with a very handsome gold snuffbox, which wns encrusted with the finest diamonds. The other gifts scut by the Government were a splendid dressing case for the Minister of l'oreign Affairs, a carriage for tbo Minister of Telegraphs, and a dressing hag aud u couple of rifles for the Zil-es-Sultan, the Shnlt's eldest son, who, however, is not the heir to the throne, that positiou being tilled by his younger bro- tner, too governor of Azcrbaijar ; but as the /.il-cs-Sultua is rich, clever, nud popular, there is almost certain to he civil war iu Persia on the death of the present Shah. Jori'i ation ok Euton- -General otrelbfiski, who was selected bv the Interna tional Statistical Congress, held at the Hague, to prepare a report upon the number of iolmbi- touts in the different countries of Europo, has completed his labors. Russia stands far in ad vance of all the other nations in respect to her population, which is given by General Strel- mtski at 93,000.000, tho countries wliicrt como next being the German Umpire (47.200 000) rw'-tnnnnn? . (30,900,000), Franco -'onn'nra' Brlt"la uuJ lrclaud (3/, 200.000), Italy (30,000 000) Simin (16,900.000). Switzerland (7.900,000) Bel grain (5,850,000), Roumnnin (5,400 000), MTGnnnn? n .VT (£900,000.), Sweden (4,700,000) aud Portugal (4,400,000 12000 nnoi T' V (2'190'000)' Serein (2,000,000) aad Norway (1,960,000). The whol 'ltV Pi;u,a,io'1 .is very difforent. for "h„ Bfe,n,,n 201 inhabitants to the «rm i''1M ,rc'ciEkhs of 0 ,nile)' Hl- lnnd 133, Great Britain anil Ireland 119, Itnlv lOo, the German Empire 86, Switzerland 71, Tuikw "P. 5?' Sl,a;" 1,05 ou'j 35, Wav e /(' . 17' ')en,1,ark 15 and Nor- 1 V- ,Jut "lc population of Russia' is in. croasmg ttt tho of 1>25 KooVmrr " Wi" "lU « 