LOCAIL ITEMS. an? ya uncement in nmother colhunn it will be seen that the Rev. Dr. Dale, the distinguished: Congregational. Minister from Birmingham, now on a visit to th's colony, will preach in the Brighton Con gregational Church to- morrow morning. Thosewho attend-may ,expect to hear a caholarly and manly, deliverance on a question that is sure to be of very great interest. If the congregation be as large as the reputation and abilities of the preacher are great, it will crowd the church. A collection in aid of thl funds of the Congregational Union and Mission will be taken up during the service. THE action brought against the Rail way commissioners by Mliss Herbert, of Brighton, for damages resulted in-' a vier aiet in her favor fur £3,500. The com missioners paid £1000 into court as full satisfaction butthejury tookamore liberal and wie mayadde iu~tab'e viuesof tlhe' case They also assessedtheli amounit due to Dr; O'Hara at £110, to Dr. Celytit, -It f`30; ad .to Dr Nutting at £118 abou it half the aio unts claliied? SAibEtr raIoe from f the newly formed Caulfield I?t propenient Comittee. got to ok dowbal neg er two at the Caulfield Council meetine last -Thursday. They asked the council to.. cover the sad on for better drainage of the road' near Caulfield statiion, plant trees' in Derby road, liht a lap in Derby road, asphalt footpaths, and agitate for the opening up of a subway under 'the Caulfield station. Oie of the deputationists said there were ruts:.in Derby road that a passer-by might dfall into and twist his leg. -The president said that some of the work tsked for was on the Malvern sided f the Dandenong road, where he thought some of the c'mmittee resided. He also in formed them that the Government would 'oa trtict the anbway when.the anumyoted was available, that the drainage of the shire was included in the projected loan, that asum of £500 had been expended in that district recently, and during the past two years £700 hitd been expended nIear Caulfield station, etc. It is unneces-ary to say that the deputation thanked the coiuncil -and withdrer. A rIEETI C.n Of the o men' :' Christian Teiiperance Union was held in the Primis tie Maethodist Sch-ioliriou 'on Thursday' 27th' the meeting heing' duly op ned by the v?ice; pre°side nt. The enrolling ofh fresh members and business matters- being discussed, the sewing was proceeded with.' At 5 o'clock a social tea was partaken of, prepared by Mrs Wilkinson and IMrs T. Callow. The omeeting rterminated with singing and prayer. Mit.i CANDLEii held an'vinquest atSt" Kilda on Moneday last, on the body of a young man named Joseph Sharltoin a brick maker, who died from the effects of poisoning on the previous- day. The evidence adduced showed that deceased' swallowed a: quantity of the arsenical compouind known as "Rough onr Rats"t which wai purchased by his lodginig house keeper- from a chemist in the neighbor hood. A verdict of suicide, whilst in a state of .unsound mind was recorded. A rider was added to the verdict to the effect that some restriction should be placed upon the sale of this poison. TeriVictorianSteam Navigation Board,' during the past week, held an official in quiry into the circumstances surrounding the wreck of the steamship "Cheviot," when the jury found that Maud Amber Seymour, IT. J.= Dower;-O' Tookey," F. Hearle, M. T. Laureison, H. Peck, and Ellen Baker, met with their deaths by drowning on the wrecking of the steam ship "Cheviot" on the night of the 19th October, '1887, and that the occurrence was due to the damage to the propeller, and they also find this was purely acci dental, and that no person or persons were in any way to blame in connection with the matter, and they are of opinion that the vessel was perfectly seaworthy ani the night she left. TiE Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, the celebra ted minister of the London Tabernacle, has determined to withdraw from .the Baptist Union in consequence of diver gence of views in doctrinal - questions He refuses to continue in the union at the expense of giving up his belief in the doctrine of the atonement of Christ, and in the personality of the Holy Ghost. Hs justifes his belief in saving by faith, and in the doctrine of eternal punishment, which some members deny. TaE trustees of the Dakin land near the Law conrts have made se offer to sell it to the Government, the offer has been declined at the price asked. A oi'ieo ball, under the auspices of the A..0F., was held at Oakleigh, in the Mechanics' Institute, and was a very suc cesgsful affair. Quite a host of the elite and fasbionable of the township were present and, thoroughly oenjoyed them selve,, not separating till dawn was ap pearing. THE foundation stone of a new Con gregational Church,: inn East .ht. Kilda, was laid by. Mrs .Albertl Spicer? in the presence of a large company of spectators yesterday. The new building will occupy ai cnmmanding position; and is to cost £4,000 in addition to £750 paid for the purchase of the land :. Recently a con trat cwas signed for a portion of :the projected biilding by AIr. Potter for the sum of £2,106, the contract to be com pleted in about eight months' time. To assist the trustees in raising funds to de fray the expense of erection, a bazaar was held in the Independent Hall, last Tues day and two following days, Russell street; the Rev. Dr. Bevan performed the opening ceremonial. The stalls were presided over as follows :-N?o. 1. Mrs. Harrison, Mrs. Paton, Mnre Beasley, and the Misses S sow ; No. 2 stall, Mrs. Day; the Misses Day, and the Misses Fulllger ; No. 3 stall, Mrs. Thorpe, Mrs. (Gibbs, Mrs. Lover, and Mrs. Perrett; Sunday school stall, Mar. J. R. Brown and the Misses. Brown (3); refreshment stall, Misses Goode, and the Miss's Brain; cake:stall, Mrs. Gladman and Mrs. Stone; flower stall, the [Misses Paton and...Mr.' Bogg ; :gipsy queen, Miss Gladmani. SELSEWHERE in our advertising columns and also by a supplemeni to this week's ":Leader," the Brighton; Skatin? Iirnik anid Recreationi Comtipany, Limited, issue thleir, prospectus: They purpose b eing registered utnder'thie C'omDpanies' Statut and announce a capital of:: £10,000 in 10,000 shares f one pouland each. -Of thtse ishares.' 2000 : paid up to Ihalf sovereign each, are retained by.the pro jectors and "the remiaining 8 000 are offered to the h tnabli at half-a-crown on appllication and a: similar, sautm on. allt menb. Shares willbe alloted in order of application, and the :share list will: be closed onMonday ;neat:' The ohject of the company is to provide' Brighton and its ineighborhood', withi agod Skating Rink an"d RecreationGrounid. Theyhave contracted for the purchase of a piece of land at the?corner of iells and Carpen ter' streets Middle Brig hton, ed plans aind specifications fortlhe liilding and floor have been 'carefully prepared, and the whole of the.; works, , lpon the most modern. principle; c: n be comipleted in about three moiith.: Car-fl :estimiate, ha,? beeni prepared as 'to the cost of the undertaking and the profits made by the rinks already established have.been such, as to warrant te helief that thi wrill prove a great financial ticess; and as thQe working expenses will be limited in pro: portion to the anticipated receipts the dividends should be immediate, and it is thoughit that the profits in a sldrt tine will exceed the sh.l, of the capital ex pended:i Shares can: be obtained on -aplicatimon. to all leading brokers, or to _Mr Ait CaRaie 39 Fiinders street East where': prospetises .can -,alsoi;- be obh tabiied. A ieurAzio' from the Brighton Town Couincil waited upon Mr in mmo, Minisater of 'Pubic Workslat Tl?esa? T ay :t show cause why a' byelaw passed by thiem re stricting ! the 'hoirs dtring which night eIl could to carted through the streets of thietnown, froml0 :clockp-m to l?pm. should'not be repealed. The deputation: contended. that they were perfectly justii fled, iU passing the byelaw, as the health: of the residents of the towrn was: bgin-' ning to asuffer from: o much: inhealthy' matter passing through the diistrict, and. therefore they as their representatives had a perfect right to pass a law to pritotect it self'a ainst being made a nightsoil depot. They cal!ed the Mininters atteittion:to'a proposal to establish special night trains to take: the offensive matter to a more distant locality. M- r.' Bent said' that Brighton did !not want thle tightsoil and he nas of opinion that the Minister should not repeail the bytlaw, and thus strike a blow at Local Government, Mr. Fitzgib bon, the town clerkof Meibourne, pointed out that unless the Minister would exer cise his power, and have the byelaw re eialed the city woiuld :not: baie to get rid of its nightsoil at all. ' Mr Nimmo, in reyly,said that Brighton Town Council could no doubt frame byelaws to protect the interests of the district, but they had to remember that they could not be al lowed to frame a byelaw, which would be the means of preventing nightsoil being carted from other localities. He also said that about ten years ago he went to the Hen. John Woods, the then Minister of Railways, and submitted a proposal as tothe trains. The Minister fellin withit, hut the council would not agree to bear their share of the cost of construction of the special air-tight carriages that would be required. He did not think the coun' oil was justified in passing a byelaw, that so seriously interefered with the interests of Melbourne, and would throw out a suggestion that the hours should be from 10 p,m. to 4 a.m. He would, however, consider the matter carefully, and forward them his decision at a future date. " mosuxs Dougall of the Caulfield 3Grammar School, was, on Saturday last, I at the Naval and Military Sports held on she Melbouorn Crickei' Ground, the winnmer of the Cadet Rsoc Handicap of 40 ya rdr s W:" u?HLSr; discussing the loan scheme at the Caulfielddciuficil meeting, Cr. Baflan tyne stringly protested -again.st the Eastern riding being included therein. He said that there were no less than five railway stations in that riding, and inl: less than ten years its his opinion a newi shire would be formed there.. A gaini he argued that the amnount was fir too ?sall:,. one road in the ridliU' noid absorb the whole amount.: Cr Grifiin ala sno ko sio a similar strain whilst Cr'Lo ioker:ga that land in the deti hborii ood of ??isrim-:' beena had recently chliaii ed hands'it i per foot, md thfretwasai'strog -fIt that a new slire wudha eto b formed in a short tisns How eer the motion for instrucFi g the: enineer t brinlg: sp. plans; et., was carried by aero n to thiree A veits interestingtug sod-i, sstr mc ire lectiiue on The religioi, of the Hil:,duis':, was delivered in tlb UiTin hr Gcli'?? Gl Eira Road,' Caulfield :Iy thRe e J Gregson, last Tuesday?v eging. .:Thor-.:: Watts, E:-q. presided ,iand thole?tli: was profusely s ilitrated by soeie nell cloured picture.,: asid as a f'sther elucidation to .the ssbtie;t s?isaber of idols front India were shnnt :-Te revi lecturer amiused and entertained the? - audience by his graphie sketches if thet ancient and remarkable sacred literature of the Bindoos, touching most minutely uponi their peculiar religi.,us pru:ticss and legends..- A huir y voue "lf i ?ank ,-:was. awarded, boh chairuman aid lecturer. A :accident happened las~t IndaiO to a little girliof about f or ye irs ifige the' d'daughter of Constable I: lsremitrm te of our, lo?a?l gitridi sf the eli:.sco It appears that r. Brennin wias eigigeed in aslm e -nithat dla, and had just poured out some l?it water in o a bckiet. The child vas wheeling a peraiibitlator near by atid accdiedii1ll fell b ck irto the buike; lseverely scalding her back and . lower etreuities. :As -soon iits pssible the child wrs ektricated from i.s perlouns p sitioi? and the services ofi:Dr.' isos. itmuediately callel into reqiUisi in; under -iwhose tr.atuefiet' she is- progreasaitg as.. favorablya i uould be eixpectid. A':: DneTTION from the. 'residents. of FrinkSton iaited iupni the Itfillway Coinimissioiiera list week, twh isked that - the 30 p:i trai?n, aind also the 9.35 p.m.. trai?.i whichi di i not iiproced furthei than . lilordia'loc, should continue their jiurney to Fraiktioi. : They pitnted out thatn the . So35 p.ii trai iremiiained it Iloidialloc all:' night aind next uoriintg ran lempy to' Frankstot furi:' the purpose of brin-giin passengersi to' lelbouie. The cousmias siuoiersi to relly, stated tha theyh did siot irerd.itl e -.,tlier; request firier-, - n'quries wouldav tobeolinto the.. "Tul-annliversaryservices of the Wes yats school Little B3rightoi: takes ilace oi sun day and Ionday iexr.: O , t:efornaiir day itv.: C. ;iaucir ter will preach irningi anid eveiiig, atldoil? the to .day a public tah seetiirg witt bi. held, follow e' by a. public in etiug;: at wlhicel recctations and singitil will be giein rby the children, as a'so souitable addresses by Ra s Wa sford, Quick Bitiks Lu icJaster an Smith. . AtrrLicATs are invited by3 the TLon of Bri ?tit .i:i?ad tihi Shire" -6f Moorabbiu fromn perainis qualifi.d to imklk- the alu-' a:nion of the Ia etble priperty within their resic btive tbouud, t ies. It both cases twn valiers are ? iUo d;,' thh remuieuittii be £50' each. Applications are to be sent in o?ior before Ii? d.y ,xt::..'t :I TsD.us ,.are,; iriiinid by the' To n T of Brightoin frt stiJplyii ,,amid a : layiing redg'uni Lerbigt in , Pat L.a tr, asid by the Shire of DMor:ibb'li. i'? foi iing and rs intai t 1, l MKinuu ? !?=aid yn I alsot fi. supply dng a large ruantbity Eof grneel anid bluest iofue were three poeat in next ,: SappSorst ie dthi depreds tay efveteiitig or early o Shunday orning, auo thueves ntheir tntnc by diaca ingd, bt the oiudh catch on the eastern platforn, ~id as they could find nothiug valuable "at haund they tried the.bookigo.btlic os-tthe ,~ppity platformu: The thieves also broke into the patent weighing machine, but got nothing for their trouble, as they did not succeed in reachhsg the cash box. SoME coIssiderable diss srtisfaction was expressed by the ladies who volunteeredt - heir services at the Caulfield Jubilee Treat last Saturday. It appears that the- - President g.t blamed and also Or. Langdin, who was told off to attend anid.: see to the ladies' comfort. The President- : said there was no provision whatever- 1 made for the ladies, who, when they came, found no one to give them instruc-: : tions as to what was required of theni. -: Cr. Lmigdon said that hie arranged with the caterer for refreshments, etc., but it - appears that not only was the stall rushed,. but it was so inconveniently near the place where the grog was dispensed that ladies objected th- go to it. However,. w0 learn that the president supplied the wants of the ladies as best he could. bearing the greater portion oh the ex- pense uolt of his own pocket. Votes of thanks "were, passed to the ladies and gentlmueu who took part in the Jubilea, Festival. 