Gilbert and Sullivan's new Opera, ' Ruddygore.' (From tlio London correspondent of tho Ace.) Recoonieino .the f«ct, beyond dispute, th»t Mr. W. S. Gilbert is at his happiest whon moat satirical, tho alternative title to his latest libretto might well hdvo boon What's in n Name ? instead of tho ono he has choson. Ho has, with questionable wisdom, distinguished his newest work as 'Ruddvcroro.' or 'Tho Wite-li's Cuise,' 'and thoresult of his christen ing has been generally condemnation, on tho' score that the titlo is unnecessarily unpleasant nnd does not fall far short of being1 repulsive. For this and any other siiiB of commission and omission which may bo, and have boon, freely commented upon in his handiwork, Mr. Gilbert ispofsibly unrepentant; but, dismissing tho snbjcctof criticising on thounsavoury appellation of the new Savoy opera, and getting to tho subject matter pf tho work itself, compels tho admission at tlio outset that Mr. Gilbert's now libretto is singularly uneven in interest, und coiifpiouously wanting, raoro particularly in tho second act, in those characteristics of stylo and witty_ satire in which for years ho lias proved 'himself so thoroughly iuimitablo. Ho gives his auelionco in Ruddygriro a fairly inte resting first act, but both plot, diulojrus, and action flag dismally in tho second. That this will already havo mado itself ovidont to all thoso directly interested in tho production is pretty certain, and extensive alterations will probably bo mado where tho weaknesses are most apparent. But altered; out and added to as it may be, Ruddygoro could novor bo favourably compared' to any ono of tho previous works contained in tho Savoy ripsrtoire. Tho reasons aro not far to seek. Originality in conspicuous by its absence, and ono looks and listenB in vain for thoso witty laughter provok ing1 humours, which in cnoh successive, produc tion at tho Savoy have' for years never failed to completely individualise oach work. So much is this observed that in its oritioism of tho first night's performance, tho Times said, after quoting a portion of tho dialogue : — 'All that is admirable in this dialogue is the boldness, worthy of a better cause, which off era such Btuff, oven tit tho end of a burlesque, to a representative audience.' Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan have won, and deservedly, a gigantio -following of admirora; l.ut it is to co feared that tiuIobb Ruddygoro can bo materially altered for tho bettor, thoir allegiance will bo put to sovero test. It is only fair, however, to say that Sir Arthur Sullivan shows no perceptible retrogression iu his shnro of the work, and Ruddygoro will bo found to contain tho usual clovor imitations of old-fashioned styles of form and. melody ad mixed with tho bright rhythms and patter songs that havo always so successfully caught tho popular ear. And this timo also Sir Arthur has abandoned the opportunity for musical burlesque of tho most heroic and most ghastly with which his librottis supplios him and has seriously treated with somo iiuo writing, notably in its orchestration, a ghost sceno, whoro tho representatives of about 20 generations of a baronetcy stop out from their picture frames in tho baronial picturo gallery and threaten tho'prcfioiit possessor of tlio titlo with a torturing death if ho fails to commit tho daily crimes that a witch's curso baB doomed him to under tho death penalty. Tlio story of Ruddygoro,. to bo told with as muchbrovity as will bo consistent with its b3-n;r intelligible, runs as follows : Tho Ruddygoro (Murgivtroyd) baronotoy has for many gonora tions been subject to a curso entailing upon oach' aucccssivo baronot tho ncooBsity of committing a daily crime, or, failing it, death by ghostly torturo. To avoid this alternative, tho cldor of tho two Burviving brothors, Mi rgatroyd, disguises him self ub Robin Oiikapple, a young farmor, aud ?woos a village maiden, Rose Maybud, but does tho wooing- by proxy owing to his intense bashf ulncss. His proxy is his f ostsr broth jr, Richard Dauntless, a man-of-war's mm, who, taken aback with tho village beauty's charms, makes love to her on his own account, and for a while supplints Robin. Rose, however, speedily jilts liim iu Robiu'u favour, and Richard (in revenge really, though,' an he says, obeying tho dictates of his heart's conscience) apprises the younger Murgatroyd, who is in tho unhappy possession of tho Ruddy goro baronutwy, with it« unpleasant responsi bilities, thut ho (Sir Despard Murgatroyd) his an elder brother alive. Doapard, worn out witli tlio terribly oxaoting courso of daily crimo commission, welcomes tho news, confronts Robin Oakapplo, and compels him to own hrn self the elder brother, imd as a consequence to tako the titlo. Tho second act finds the ancestors of the baronet appearing in ghostly array to warn Robin thut ho ia shirking tho daily commission of crime. Robin argues with them »t length, and finally convinces thom that a refusal to commit tho required crimo would bo in reality committing suieido, iu itajlE a crime, nnd that his ancestors who all suffered death for their refusal therefore novor ought to havo died at all. The ghostB tako Robin's view of tho case, und tho curso conies to an end. Robin marries Rose Maybud, whilst his brother Dcspard enters matrimony with a crazy girl known as Mud Murgurct, a villago lass who30 reason had fled during Dcspard'H compulsory inheritance of tho baronetcy. Mad Margaret and Despard Murgatroyd havo a sceno in tho second act, attired in black as Sunday school teachers, which cannot bo said to strengthen the opera by tlio force of its originality, and is certainly open to criticism for its questionable taste. Concerning tho individual performances of tho cast Miss Leonara Brahom plays tho heroine, Roso Mttjbua, with her accustomed grnco, though a recent sprained imklo had a littlo interfered with her rohearsals. Miss Jossio Bond does a good deal with tho rale of Mad Margaret, albeit the rather fceblo absurdities sho has to rave in almost compel her to present tho part more as an uninteresting idiot than anything clso. Mr. Groosmith has a largo fdiaro of tho dialogue, aud invests his part with the characteristic quaintness 'that has. earned him such distinguished popularity. Mr. Durward Lite cannot altogether represent the man-of-war's man with tho requisite vigour, lmt he sings his music, -which is all of it good, with very pleasing effect, und daiiois a capital hornpipe in tho first net. Mr. Rutland Barringtonplaysthoconscienco-Btriekenbaronet, Sir Decpard, with much skill. Mr. Richard' Temple's splendid baritone voico is heard to fine ndvantago in tlio ghost scene, and Miss Brandram, in unfortunately a minor oharactor, gives tho music allotted to her perfect roiidition. A novel use of the electric light is a feature of tho Ruddygoro production. Total darkness prevails, both on the stage and in tho audi torium during tlio ghost scene, broken only by tho lowered lights tit tho orchestral desks, whilst the conductor's baton, tipped with a glowing electric burner, flashee to and fro for the direction of thcgliosHy music The Times states thftt ita production ' was accompanied by a phenomenon never boforo experienced at tlio Suvoy Theatre With tho rapturous applauso of a more than sympathetic first-night audience, which called composer and author, Mr. D'Oyly Carte, tho manager, and all the principal performers boforo the curtain, a small but very determined minority mingled its hisses. Ab yet theso signs of disapproval wero too partial to interfere with, tho general success of the new play, which, for all wo can tell, may have as prosperous a run as tho Mikado itself. At tho sumo timo they should give Mr. Gilbert pause, for -wo havo 'no hesi tation in attributing them to tho feebleness of tho second act and the downright stupidity of its dt'iir.imnefit.' Tho Standard arrives at ' two conclusions: First, that Mr. Gilbert, whilo mmiehig- as usual, has not surpassed himself ; next that Sir Arthur Sullivan's music- i3, taken for all in all) tlio best ho has yot contributed to tho stage of comic opera.' Tho Tall ifall Gaseltc considers that ' whilo the dialogue is witty and abounding in playful satire, tho lyrics, whether serious or comic, are in Mr. Gilbert's best style. ' Sir Arthur Sullivan has again proved liimself fertile in the charming composition of melodies, fresh and delightful ns ever. Tlio only ambitious pieco of writing is tho solemn entrance of tho ghost in tlio darkened picturo gallery of Ruddygoro Castle. The rest is mudo up of pretty madrigals, dainty gavottes, somo charming ballads, and ndmirablo choruses, strongly flavoured with the i local colour of tho period.' ' A Eavoyan' writes to tho 67. James's Gazette: 'Tho disapprobation expressed by a certain portion of the audience at tho Savoy whon the curtain foil on tho now opera, has givon rise to much speculation. Obviously, itseemsincrcdiblo to many perEonsthatMr. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Piirivriipliouldhavoloenobjectsofdisapprovalin fluir own theatre. Ouo gentleman, writing to ti morning paper, assorts that tho disaffected v(-rc not hooting tho play at all, but wero ox nrt-ri'iijg thoir sentiments regarding Lord Randolph Clmreliill, who was at that momrmt leaving the thcatro. But this theory will not ftaud examination.. The hissing, or rather fho hooting, commenced as tho curtain foil on Iho last net ; it entirely ceased whilo tho p*- foimers were called before tho curtain, it ro ccmmeuceel immediately tlio call for ' authors' began, uud was at its height whilo tho author nnd composer wero visible The expressions of displeasure proceeded from a very limited portion of the audienoo, and it would be unfair to attribute any great value to them ; but thoy wero distinctly evoked by tho play, and are intelligiblo to anyone who closely witched tho audienoo on Saturday night during tho second act of ' Ruddygore.1 ' 