LIKE AND UNLIKE: Br M. E B nDDnoNr, Author of * lady Adley's Bearot,' Etc. CHAPTRa XL.--TnE FonronN HOPE. Valentine Balfleld walked to ahe furthest end of the platform and stood there, cold and aick, like a man in an ague fit, till his train came in from Plymouth, and then he had to run after the train as it steamed into the station, and scramble into a first-olass com. partment, panting and breathless, and white to the lips. ' You oughtn't to run things so close as that air, you don't look the kind of man who can stand it,' said an elderly parson, one of those amiable busy.bodies whoaro always interested in other people's affairs. Valenteno scowled at him by way of answer, ashe threw his deer-stalker into the rack, and mopped his forehead and hair, damp with aicy sweat. ' A churlish personage,' thought the West Country rector, ' something wrong with the heart, and a very irritable temper,' and the good man tried to interest himself in his newspaper, glancing over the top of it every now and then to see if there were any hope of conversation. Valentine put on his cap again, pulled it over his forehead, and coiled himself in a corner of the carriage in an attitude that meant total isolation, He was trying to recover his nerve after that sudden appari tlon of .t, Austell, ' By- , I was afraid of the man,' he said to himself. * For the first time in my life I have known what it is to fear the face of a man. If a brace of constables came so arrest me, warrant and handoufsl complete, I wouldn't flinch; but his lace unnerved me,. Be loved her. He would ask me, " What have you done with that frail, false, lovely .girl whoeseheart was mine ?' Yes, his, hies not mioe, It was his love I murdered. Is Is to him I am answerable. It was his life I spoiled. She had ceased to belong to meo she was openly, avowedly, his. And I quailed before him, turned sick with fear at sight of the villian who wronged me,' For an hour or more he eat in his corner, 'living over that brief moment of meeting seeing that passing vision of a malignant •lace, telling himself again and again in bitterest mockery that it was St. Austell who had lost by that fatal blow. At last, and with a tremendouo effort, he diemissLd this dark train of thoughts, and his mind recurred to one of the objects of his journey to London. Ever since that last meeting with Madge Darley, the girl and her mission had been present to his mind. Passion was dead in in him, buried under the crushing weight of a great remorse, numbed and frozen as the senses are in a nightmare There was no re. kindling of an old flame ; but in the ashes of his dead love for that strange girl there was a faint glow, a little spot of warmth remain. ing where all else had grown cold. HIe felt that if there could be comfort or hope for ,him anywhere upon this earth, it would be with her. He felt that if there were anyone to whom he could conosess his crime, it was Madge Darley, and not a priest. ' The Forlorn Hope,' he repeated to himsell as he sat in his corner, looking out at the -landscape e every fleld, and copse, and hill, and curving stream, familiar to him from boyhood ; behold again and again at all seasons, sometimes in listless vacuity, eome. times in impatience. At last the train steamed into Paddington 'station on the edge of dusk, The sunset glowed darkly red athwart the London log, as the train passed Harrow and Hanwell. The great vaulted roof of the terminus looked ghastly and sepulchral in the chilly light of -electric lamps. Valentine told a porter to take his port. manteaux to the Great Western hotel, and then left the station on loot. He was going to Lisson Grove to look for the Refuge founded by Madge Darley. The long thoroughfare of the Grove was light with lamplit shops, and full of trailio. Valentine inquired in one of the shope, and was directed to a side street, a dismal. looking street of shabby, dilapidated houses, which might have had some pretension to respectability half a century ago, but which had fallen to about tile lowest stago in the history of bricks ann mortar. They were houses of a conesderable size, however, end offered accommodation to a considerable population, as appeared by the various lighted windows, suggesting many domioiles under one roof. Across the front of one of these houses, of -a somewhat better aspect than its neighbours, appeared a long black board, on which the words, ' The Forlorn Hope,' were painted in large white letters. In front of the fanlihht there was a lamp with the words, ' Refuge for Women and Girls,' in black letters, cn the glass. There was no possible mistake as to the motre and character of this institu tion. The door swuna open at Valentine's touch, and, as he crossed the threshold, a woman in a black gown and white cap canee out of the parlour next the street, and met him in the passage. It was Madge Darley. The shepherdess was always ready to receive the lost sheep. The fold was bumble and unattractive, but it meant what it offered-Shelter. She started at eight t.f a tall man in a for bordered roat-started again on recognising Valentine. 'Mr. Belfield I' she eexlaimed. SYes. I told you I should come to yon some day, Madge, and you promi.ed not to shut your'door in my face.' ' I am not likely to do that ; but I don't bthink you will want to stay very long in this house. She led the way Into the parlour, a plainly itrnished room, lighted by a cheap paraffin lamp, under a green shade. A tall pross made of pitch pine ooccupied either side of the fireplace. The table was of varnished deal, the walls were white. washed, the floor was unearpeted, and half s.dozen rush.-bottomed chairs completed the furniture of the room; hbt all was sernpu louely neat and clean. A fire brned ocheerily In the shining grate, and an open-workhrase tender made one point of brigbtnsss in the ploture. A large iron ketllo was singing on the old.fashioned hob SPray sit down,' said Madge, pointing to a chair opposite he&pwn.; ' You have an idle hour to spare, I euppose, and yon have come to see our Refuge-to fled out for yourself whether we are doing good work--iln order that you may help as.' She spok, gravely, faltering a little, more draeply moved by hie presence In that place than she would have cared to own to herself. The lesson of her life fr nearly four years had been the lesson of frgetfulnesse ; but it wuas not yet learned. His voire, his face, had still the power to awaken a strange "nreasloning gladness, to give life a new oolonr. 'No, Madge; I have come on no such ,philanthropico errand. I confess to care very little whether your work of mercy thrives or ails. I am here from pare selfisohness. I am eaten up by my own cares; my own utcrden is too heavy for me, and of late, night or day, I am devoured by one thought, one hope-' He stopped soddenly, looking at her with eyes that shone feverslhly bright In his pale and haggard face, with one strong hand ,lenehed upon the table between them. SThe Forlorn Hope, Madge,' he said in a .low volce, after a few moments' silence, ' the 'bope that you will piny me when no one alse in this: world, osxceot my brother, oan pity me, knowing all. Yes, that you, know ing my esina, might still pity me-might still love me.' He flung himself on his knees at her feet. He seized her hand and covered it with kisses, despairing kisses, which moved her more than his wildest passion of days gone by bad over moved her, fondly as she had loved bhe tempter. SShe snatched her hand from him Indig. .antly, looking at him In angry surprise. ' I thought yoo knew me better than to talk to me in the old strain,' she said. 'I thought I had shown you that I am not the kind of woman to be tempted by a fine gentleman lover-- to be tempted now, after I have given my life to the avintg of weaker womenso. Do you think tbhat I amlikely to orget that you are enother woman's bus Pehllased by specaul ?recuS..uuaon wnm ao author oa d-and that when you: were a free man you refused to marry me 2' 'I was a fool, Madge, a proud, self opinionated idiot. I did not know that you were the one woman upon this earth who could have made my life happy-who might have influenced me for good. I was hemmed in and bound round by petty prejudices, by bigoted belief in birth and position. What are birth and position when weighed against the nobility of suob a nature as yours! I saw in you only a beautiful peasant, whom It was my business, as a gentleman, to seduce. And when I saw that your resistance was real and earnest, I lost my temper, and fancied myself in love with another woman. It was pique that made me Helen Deverill's lover. He shuddered as he pronounced his wife's nThat is all past and done with,' said Madge, gravely. ' I am very sorry that your marriage ended unhappily; but there is a long life before you yet, I hope, and there most be something for you to do In it. And now I most see after my patients. It is tea. time. Shall Imake you a cup of tea?' She went to one of the presses, opened it, and began to sake out cups and saucers, and little crockery teapots, and trays, and plates. Everything was of the cheapest, but the things had been chosen for their prettiness, and the little trays had a neat and dainty look as those aetive hands arranged them, each with its spotless linen d'oyley. 'Yes, please. I ebould relish a cup of cold water from your hand. And my mouth is parched and fulol of dust after my journey. Think of me as the worst of your patients. Have you many in the house?' Every bed so full except one. There is a girl of nineteen iu the next room, dying. If you could hear her story you would know what misery means.' Shbo was moving to and fro between tbbe prose and the fireplace, filling her little tea potse from the big iron kettle as she talked to hint. ' I need not wait for that, I know the meaning of misery.' 'Ah, but not of such misery as she has suffered, a girlhood that has been one long degradation. Think of what it was for thes girl to awaken to the first consciousness of life in the midst of such foul surroundings as decent lips dare not name ; to have been so reared as not to know the meaning of sin till she was steeped in it, blackened by it, dying of it. That is her history.' SSthe is what you call an interesting casec, I suppose.' S he is one among many. Old and young come hero every day, pleading for a corner to die in. That is about all we can give yet awhilo.' 'You have done a good deal, I think, In establishing suhob a refuge.' 'People are so kind. The poor have helped me as much as the rich, Those who have had no money to give have brought me little presents out of their household goods, at a sacrifice. This iron kettle was brought by a widow who goes out eharing. It was a legacy from a butcher's wife whom she had served for years. "It is too good for me, sieter," she said. " Any little tin teakettle will do to make my coup of tea." She kissed the kettle before she handed it tome, for love of her dead mistress.' She eet one of the tea trays before him, with a little plate of bread and butter, such as she had been cutting for her patients. She rang a bell, and a woman of about forty came into the room, dressed in a grey marino gown and a white oap and apron. She looked like a lady, but she was very thin and gaunt, with a pale pinched face and a sad smile. She locked surprised at finding a stranger seated by the hearth. ' Sister Angels, Mr. Belfleld,' said Madge, by way of introduction, ' Mr. Be'field is good enough to be interestea in our work, sister.' Angola bowed, but made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the little trays between them, and went away to attend to their patients, leaving Valentine to stare into the fire and brood over his past life. lie thought of those careless days on the river, with boat, and dog, and gun; the sheer Idleness of fancy whloh had led him to Madge Darley's cottage ; the hold her beauty had taken of him, and his scornful disbelief in her virtue. And he now came to this woman in his agony, as the one woman who could give him help and comfort, whose strong brave soul could inspire him with courage to begin life anew. And having come into this house of pain, hbe felt as if it would be best of all to stay here for ever, to be her clerk, her ally, her drudge, only to have the privilege of being near her. HI almest forgot his schemo of distant travel, he was ready to grovel at her feet and plead to be allowed to stay with her. She was absent for more than an hour. He emptied the tea pot, and looked at his watch a dozen times before she came back. ' Are you surprised to see me here still,' he asked. ' Yes, I thought you would have gone back to your hotel. This is not a place for you.' ' I suppose not, yet you told me if I were in great distress I might come to you for shelter. I hoped to find the name of your house was not altogether a delusion-The Forlorn Hope. 1 hare no other hope, Madge.' ' That cannot be true. You have your mother, who adores you ' * My mother cannot help me to bear my burden. It would blast her decliniog years, bring her in anguosh to the grave. to know the nature of my misery. I want some strong bosom to lean upon; I want some heroio soul to Inspire me with courage. Madge, I have come to you-to you, as the only woman who can shed a ray of light upon this darkened spirit. I am a viler sinner than any of your lost sheep. Have pity upon me if you can, Madge, for I am the hind of sinner whom no one pities. I am a murderer 2' He clasped her hand in both his own, and draw her nearer to him, looking up at ber with despairing eyes, as she stood looking down noupon him, speebchless with hornor. ' I killed my wife.' 'Oh, God ' SI had the confession of her falsehood in my hand, her own deliberate deolaration that she had ceased tolove me, and that she was passionately in love with another man- that shewas leaving me to be his mistress A pleasant letter for a bhusband to read, Madge The lnk was wet upou the paper, and obhe stood there looking *t me-beautifol-falso to the sore. I etraock her to the ground. It wasonly one blow, but it killed her. Be. tween the reading of that letter and her death, there was but an interval of. half-a. dozen seconds. Tihe ink was wetas still, and sheowas lying at my feet looking up at me dead.' SIt was horrible,' gasped Madge, ' an awful, irreparablecalamity-bot not murder. Too did not mean to kill her.' *I will not say as much as that. I think I wanted to kill helas I would have killed her sedoucer had he been there-but I wea sorry tile instant sheo was dead. The agony of remorse began before that ink was dry.' 'You eboullahve confessed the truth; yon should have braved all consequences.' 'I should. I was a moward and a fool; a craven, to shrink from the consequences of mywrath. I had a right to be angry. Ifor got how frail a thing she was. She foll like a lily-a tallwhite lily snapped in a storm. One moment, my passion had vented itself, end she was dead.' And then be went on to describe that ghaetly burial of the dead, in the silence of the summer night. He dwelt on every detail, showing how vividly every airoom staneoofthast dismal scene had painted is self upon his memory. He rrcalled these thiopes shbodderiogly, as a man relates a bad dream which he has dreame again anud agaio. SDid no one seuspetol you?' ' No one has foaad me out. There in a man I suspect of being some kind of eaves dropper and a spy-a man who is on a visit to her father, and who pasoes for a gentle. man.' 'You murt not lore an hour in gettling awsy from England-from Europe-beyond the reach of porsuit, it that be pessible Saspicion once aroused, deleation might be. easy, asnd then, having hidaen your crime, you might seem a deliberate murdererm, inestead of the victim of n motment's par?ion. You mnst rail by the first rhbip'tbhateaaosrry you. Go to Liverrool to night by the mall it Liverpool a- the poss-anad s ??t tomorrow morning.' 'I am in no hurry.' ' But if your seoret were once suspected, to leave EIgland then would look like flight,and only confirm snapici?. Go at once, while you are free to go.' * I have half i mind to stay and take my ohance,' he answered thoughtfully. * If you would be kind to me, Madge-it you would let me spend an hour in this room sometimes, hear the sound of your voice, watch your coming in and going out, I would ratherslay in London than go to Africa to look for diamonds and shoot big game. I am not the man I was before that night, Madge. When -when I had done that deed, my first thought was to save my nook-to hide my orime and go scot free. I thought life would hbe the same as it had been-the hunting field- the racecourse-the battue-all the same. I thought I could forget. But when the seasons came round again, and the old sports, and the old people-my God, what a change. All the zest and flavour were gone. I went about as if I was in a dream, only half consoloos of my own existence or the life round me. Wherever I went, the same haunting thoughts went wilhll me, and a ghost that would not be laid. Oh, Madge, you are stronger than I-braver, nobler. Pity me if you can, as the strong should pity the weak.' 'I do pity you, poor soul, with all my heart,' she answered, softly. She bent over him and kissed his burning forehead. For the first time in their lives, her lips touohed him in love, freely given. God bless you, Madge, for that kiss,' he faltered. ' It shows me that you oan pity me. Oh, my love, don't hanish me. Lot me stay near you- always, Let me serve you as a slave serves his master. Let me get a suit, fustian and corduroy, in Lisson Grove, and carry coals and clean windows for you-until you have tried me by years of faithful service, if you like. God knows I will be patient, in consideration of the wretch Iam, and then when you have found that there is some good in me, let me be your husband, and let us go away together to the aend of the world. If there is happiness for me upon this earth it must be found with you. ' She looked at him in silence, with a slow, sad smile, for some moments before she answered. 'That is all a dream, Mr. Belfled, a fevorish dream of your poor sick soul. I have my duty here, which I shall never leave .and you have your duty to yourself, and to your mother and brother. Think how their lives would be darkened by grief and shame it you were brought to answer for your crime, and made to appear that which you were not-a deliberate murderer. For their eake you ought to get away while the coast is clear. B-gin a new life in a new country. Find new duties, at I found mine when my life was most desolate; and in doing your duty and saving the souls of eioners, you may find a full atonement for your own sin. And then the shadows will to lifted, the burden will be lessened, the light will come.' 'I cannot bie without you, Madge. I have yearned for you in my misery. Thas kiss has scaled me as your own for ever.' 'It you persist in saying these things, I will never soe you .gain. Mr. Belflild. I have done with love, and all thoughts of love. I have planned out my path in life, and mean to khop to it. And now I must wish you goodnight, and ask you to leave this house, I save a great deal to do before bedtime.' 'Oannot oiler people do tl for you? Cannot you giho one evening in your life to my despair-3ou who do so much for others ?' 'I amn the had of our little organlsation, and have to iee that all a don rightly. There are thre and twenty poor or ailing girls and women in the house, and;only three aieters besides nyself to see no them. \Ve are a sisterhood oftweoty.two. I am the only permanent resteUnt. The etheros twenty- one each give one cay and night in every week to the work. Ihiy come at eight one evening and go away at eight on the followinog evening. Itisone day taken from the week of worldly tusinese for the work of moray. \Vo find the pl in works bettor than many resident aistelhoods. The sisters are more cheerful, better tempered, and in better health. Theo? lives are not monotonous. There is no wiariness, no pining for soapo into the outer world. They always bring a certain amount of freshness to their work ; and it makes them happy to know that bowever worldly the rest of their lives may he, one day out of seven is spent In doing good.' ' The plan is your invention, I suppose ' Yeu, it Is mine.' 'Clear brain; strong heart I Why did I not know your value four years ago? Well, Madge, you have received me kindly, and I won's impose upon your kindness. Good. night. I shall como again to.morrow evening.' ' Think better of it, and go to Liverpool by the night mail,' ' Good night,' he repeated, ignoring her advice. ' Good night.' They clasped hands and parted. Soarcely had the outer door shut upon him, when she covered her face with her hands and burst Into tears. 'Oh. my love, my sin-stained love !' she murmored; 'I care for you more in your abasement than I ever cared for you yet. I would give my lillse to lead you back to happiness, if I had any hope you could ever to happy. But the ourse of blood is on your soul, and what hope can there be for you on this side of the grave ?' (TO eaon COrN?on.) 