Some Similes. "The child of the past arid the parer of the future", ia not an unhappy aimil for thc;-present. Happiness has bee likened to a ghost ; all talk about it, bi ferr, if any, hare ever seen it. Ambition ladder rests against a atar, remarks a clerc writer, who also tells us that a proverb a short truth sandwiched between wit an wisdom. Eloquence is a coat of manjrcolors jud ciously blended. No one thing wOl mah a man eloquent. Flattery has been terme a kind of bad money to which our vanit gives currency. Society, like ahaded silt must be viewed in all situations, or it colors will deceive us. Kindness is th golden chain hy which society is bonn together ; and charity is an angel breath ing on riches; while graves have bee poetically called the footsteps of angela. Language ia a slippery thing to deal wit] as some may find when selecting thei similes. Says a certain writer, * "Speak of a man's marble brow, and h will glow with conscious pride, but aliud to bis wooden head and he's mad in : minute." The young lecturer's similes were gath ered in a heap" when he expressed th whole body of hia argument on deceit ii the following: "Oh, my brethren ! the snowiest shin front may conceal an aching bosom, am the stiftest of all collars encircle a tbroa that has many a bitter pill to swallow." It has been truly said that the abilitie of man mustfallshort on one side or other like too scanty a blanket when you are ii bed; if you pull it upon your shoulders you leave your feet hare; if youjrthrust ii down upon yonr feet, yonr shoulders an uncovered. The man, we are told, wh< has not anything to boast of but his illus trions ancestors, is like a potato- the onlj good belonging to him being under ground. A man at a dinner in evening dress hat been likened to a conundrum: you can'! tell whether he is a waiter or a guest. A Yankee, describing a lean opponent said. "That man doesn'tamount to a sum ir arithmetic-add him up and there's noth ing to carry." An American critic in reviewing a boot said, "The rhythm sounds like turnips roi ling over a barn floor, while some line: appear to have been measured with a yard Buck, and others with a ten foot pole." An amusing illustration was given by : parent when asked by hia boy, "What is. understood by experiment-, and natural philosophy." "If anyone wants to borrow money,' he answered, "that ia experimental phflu sophy. If the other man knocks hin down that is natural philosophy ?" Curious and comical illustrations seen natural to many children. A little girl suffering from the mumps, declared sin felt as though a headache had slippec down into her neck. "Mamma,"( said another youngster alluding to a man whose neck was a aerie! of meatrolb.of Jleah."that_inan's12ot_î uuuoie chin at the back ot his neck. A little three-year-old, in admiring his baby brother, is said to have exclaimed, "He's got a boiled head, like papa." Talking of curious similes-among the southern languages ot India is the Telogoc or Telina, so rough in pronunciation that a traveller of the nation speaking it before a ruler of Bokhara, admitted that itssonnd resembled "the tossing of a lot of pebbles in a sack." Asimile for scarlet stockings Í3 firehose-laughter is the sound you hear when your hat blows off-and trying to do business without advertising is said to be " like winking at a girl in the dark." An unpoetical Yankee has described ladies' lipsas thc glowing gateway of beans, pork, saur-kraut, and potatoes. Thia would provoke Slarryat's exclamation of "Such a methaplior I never met afore." Much more complimentary was the old darkey's neat reply to a beautiful young lady whom he offered to lift over the gutter, andwhoinsistedshe was too heavy. "Lor, missy" said he, "I'se used to lift- ing bárrela of sugar." Wit from a man's mouth is like a mouse in a hole ; you may watch the hole all day, and no mouse come out, but by-and by, when no one is looking for it, out pops the mouse, and streams across the parlor. Marrying a woman for her money, says a philosopher, is very much like setting a rat-trap and baiting it with your own finger. Au American writer says: "A man with one idea always puta me in mind of an old goose trying bj hatch out a paving-stone." An editor's simile of man's career is summed up in the lines: "Sian's a vapor full of woes, starts a paper, busts, and goes." 