Another Fisher's Ghost. On Tuesday last Mrs. H. Small, residing at Luddenham, about twelvo miles from Penrith, reported to Sergeant Dove that her son, aged 19 years, on returning home at about 12.80 that morning, and while near the Pilly Paddock, saw a phosphorescent figure about the size of an elephant but of the shape of a dog. This changed to a fiery circle shortly afterwards, and shortly after that to the iigure of a man headless. The young man became so terribly alarmed that ho started off towards home at a pace that would surprise even Samuels. Ho .told his mother what he had seen, and on the follow ing morning the two proceeded to the spot, where they saw the remains of a fire,-and, among the debris, some burnt bones and other things, which caused Mrs. Small to give information to the police. On Wednes day SergeantDove, accompanied by Mounted Constablo Balfour, proceeded to Mrs. Small's residence, who at once took them to the spot indicated. After a search, the Sergeant collected certain portions of the burnt debris, including bones, buttons, &c.;, which he brought into Penrith. The locality is de scribed as in a very out of the way place, near the southern boundary of the homestead run, and near the famous.Filly Paddock, and.about a milo and a half from the Lud denhamRoad. Judging by all the surround ings, there is every appearance of a body being, burnt, and, what is more suspicious, within a few feet of the fire a hole has been dug about 0 feet long, about 2 feet wide, and about 18 inches deep, dug by some blunt tool. This hole and the remains of the fire appear to bo of about two years standing, and the general impression is that there has been foul play. The polico have made every enquiry, but so far without finding out any thing that would at all load to identification. The bonos were on Thursday examined by Dr. Brady and carefully coVnpared, with the result that tho Doctor at once pronounced the bones to be those of a human being. The matter was to have been reported to the coroner yesterday, and an inquest will in all probability bo held. 