ft I; .''AjJl littlo wino for liis stomach's Bake,'' . - Said an anoiont writer, ' a man may take.' v And tho samo had a lordly lovol hood 'When a sonsiblo thinp like that ho said. 'Tis ovon tnonoy (wo'll lay it horo) That old time gontloman likod his beer j And his Hentimonts, too, would indicate Ho oould tako throo fingers o£ 's»methln{j straight,' Irfity a powtor of half-and-half, Ujr old topor,-pay old rako, ho who took wine for his rttomaoh's-aohe. rimo has hnrriod along ainoo when poke as abovo to his follow men, ? wo hit np tho old staff hard and fast bo ancients did in tho days long past, boor or brandy wo often take '? we novor know whon tho thing will aohe. ro you'll notioo tl;o artist koon 'niokod' ub talking our drinks between rondorod a Btudy in blauk and white, ho^clorgymon who 'Botweon Drinks' ie Premier, in view of the numerous ioations for free passes ovor the rail i made by members of Parlio t and others, has desired us to t out that the thing is opposed the law aud the profits, as well the constitution aud statutes. In ent history no record is made of free es boing allowed to anyone, and Sir ry has stated that he will oppose any her concessions in this regard. The wing selections from authorities have l given us by him, and will be quoted a the House meets in support of his isition to the free-pass system : — on Bhalt not pasu. — Numb., xi. 18. ffer not a man to pass. -Jndg., sii. 23. 0 wiokod shall no more pass. — Nahnm., no shall cvor po«s. — Isaiah, xxxix 10. is generation, shall riot pass. — Mark, ough thoy roar, yot thoy shall not pa.se. ho paid the faro and wont. — Jomah, i. S. xly Dudley is a widow, Lord Dudley angel. There is no absolute proof of latter, but as he became a ghost some ago it ia reasonable to suppose in nccor e with the teachings of our small and 7 childhood that he is something or r in the sweet forevermore. The b recently orderod some ornamental : foi h r mansion in England, and igst ''tin r fixtures instructed the con tra t ? put up a couple of iron nngels ae entrance gates. The men probably nev( i i ntertoined angels unawares or rwisi , ..nd they were a little at sea ho mutter of sex and oostume, but came the difficulty by casting an ii jn n and Eve, and sticking one on each -post 3 in the costumo which was ionnl irior to the lady supplying n -vi ruit from tho tree ef know e. ie angels did not meet with app . of Lady Dudley, and oho sed iay for theni; they had no fs an i clothes, and in her opinion ! a pair, of New Caledonian escapees 1 the sultry territory presided over by zebub, and she didn't hanker after sort, not caring for bad spirits at any . She was summoned, and in oourt her itor submitted the angels were incom iOnt wings .J' he asked. 'Did you ever j one with wings ?' interrogatively ,'ered the court, arid tho jury decided Lady Dudley would have to pay .3400, court refusing to determine whether angels were according to tho statutes, I and sufficient, or otherwise. e was a voiy good fellow, but awfully t of half-crowns, and when he saw a id he '? bit his ear for a small amount iossible. On Tuesday lie tapped a id, who. on parting with the currency, irked casually. - Another Kathleen onrneen loan/' ''What's that P' asked ft-aragraphist. ?? One oi thu ' it may years. and it may be fdf ever' sort,' hawered. as he walkod awV.y; thinking ||jy of the approaching oiroulaW&tt; of il^florin pieces. little boy flying a kite recently was ijfig backward when he stepped over fedgo of a quarry. His friends went jlpjFitli a basket to gather enough of ; to'hold an inquest on, when, to their aurided surprise, they met him coming he bank coiling his kite string, and iririg in su«h words as he knew at the lessneas of tho excavators in not putting ice round tho edgejof their condemned Mt was discovered that the kite, acting parachute, kept him afloat. . Thero is jral in thiB little story, and business will do well to heed it. ' Kite flying ; times n justifiable practice.' There If yon find that times are slow, Ply, fly a kite. ?When yon can't pay wliat yon owo, Ely, fly o, kito. Evory man that von can ' do,' Pagan, heathen, Gentile, Jow, uo hiia — when tlio bills come dno, t. ^ s Fly^ fly away. Isliionable society in this country, ne others, whero slavery has gone rosfuo, it is customary to utilise lps in tho performance op suoh duties as do not come within tho ot the general sorvant. Oa July Alice E. Cutliffo entered tho ser i North Shore lawyer, a'pd became panion.arid assistant and general jut of tho family at a salary of pounds per annum. Tho dutie3 feed, bath, and dress the children, eds, aud sometimes assist in tho Sho was al60 allowed to have her ith the family and sit in the ?-room in the evenings. After six rperiencu of this companionship ft, and her employer sued ' her to a month's wages (.£2 10a.) for loss services. The court refused to ho claim. The yourig' person is y not a desirable colonist. Sho ; desire to do- lior duty in thatBtate o which she has been called; but to be i-lac0doniin equal footing 3 cook and housemaid, .and allowed es which do not attach , to the of a lady's companion. Her duties uparatively light. When she had William Henry (10), arid sorubbed Srnest (12), and sandpapered James id polished Maria (0), and put tho Alexander (-1), and scraped some reehold oil Andrew (2) with a hoop, ced the baby, aud mended their and got supper ready, she could id. In tho morning all she had to to wash and drcsB the family, and r porridge and pap into them, and io beds, and get the table ready for panion s breakfast, and do a few tie things, aftor which she had tho ? 'hcrsolf, and could dig' in the or gather chips for the cook, , or p coal with a. wood axe, or amuee any way like that. In the evening not driven out on the lieu house but was ? allowed to perch in the '-room and sew Alexander's socks, [?Mure Antonys trousors, while her ion soothed liev car with the few.eet 'ring music of ' Tho - Maiden's *:? And yet the ungrateful creature f,;- : And tho court would nofcprdor 'ler.to bo flogged, not oven fined. What mo' wo coming to P Society ladies will be driven to' employing ' Chinamen as- coiri panions ero long if this state of things is tt- continue. .» « i'liu'lioldora will bo interested to learn ttaatDr. Dolaunay, the ominont scientist, predicts for Australia shortly volcanic eruptions upon such a transcendent Bcalo of grandeur that those in New Zealand last yoar will be a more bogatello in com parison. As tho general tendency of , earthquakes and' the other bilious attacks from- which mother earth suffers iB to very : considerably change tho face of nature and disturb tho location of vested in terests, it is advisable that in tho face of the. present timely warning property ownera should protect their titles in as far M pOseible by obtainingthe passage of a Bill enabling them to claim, and hold their sections wherever they may bo shunted by any disturbance of tho earth. If George street, for instance, subsides and beoomes tho bottom of a new harbour, while Goat Island is shunted into the Haymarket, an-i Darlinghnrst ia mado an insulated terri tory, it is nccessary that owners of the property Bhould not bo deprived of thoir rights by circuriistances over which they 1 havo no control. Of course a pieoe of land ot the bottom of the harbour is not of the same value as if it were above high- water mart, ovon though a terrace of houses stonds on it, but the title of the. owner should not bo allowed to lapse, as on some futuro occasion an opposition earthquake may come along and jerk the block to the surface again. The matter ia worthy the attention of Parliament, and would employ H'b.L.A. more profitably than many measures they discussed, and did nothing with last seBBion. ? a ? How rapidly tho foot of Time Spoed on and fling tho years behind thorn ; Some men doEcond, while others climb, The balance orowd and never mind them, Eeoalling oft tho days of yore O'er scones long past I lovo to lingor, And would those snnnier days roRtoro, If book oould turn Time's index finger ; Ah me, tho merry nights and days, Lang Syne, whon gold was mino in plenty, And rambling in lifo's pleasant ways I reached tho scoro of ono and twenty ; Then life was bright and faces fair, Eaoh friend I had was truo and willing To ease my mind of carking euro, And ease mo, too, of many a shilling. Now gono, alas ! are frionds and gold, ' Of eithor I've to-day not any, And forcod to ' graft,' though growing old, ' Here's ripe bananas, two a penny .' * ® ? Capital stories are being told of how the Government are carrying out retrench ment,. and how these retrenchments generally issue in moro friends being appointed, at more expense to the country. A gentleman, who is high up in tlie Civil Service, had a son who was employed in tho department. He was getting a good salary, but a better opportunity offered and he made up his mind to resign. But iu tho circumstances a good thing could be done. Tho father went to tho Minister and said, ' If you desire to make retrenchments, I do not want to put my own interest, or my family's interest, in the way; there is my son, he can be dispensed with, of course, on a fair allowance being made to him for loss of office.' It was done. The young man retired, with handsome compensation, which he would not have obtained had he I resigned. We may as well soy, at once, this kind of thing never occurs in New 8outh 'Wales. ? » * ' Tour wife has a temper,' said Smith to his friend ; ' She has, sir, a hot onu, I'm bound to confer. At morning she's nagging, at midnight' sho'll end, Friend Smith, when I married, I made a sad mess.' 'I'll lay yon a wager, old man, that from here, I'll muko her run screaming with ono word; and' — 'That's A wager,' said Brown, ' for sho doesn't know four.' Smith won in a walk when ho jumped and yelled 'rats.' * w « ? What it is coming to. A conversation to be heard in December, 18S7 : — Railway Superintendent : ' Some delay up the road, I hear.' Telegraph Operator: ' Yes, two passenger trains camo together on the Sjig- zajf.' ' The Zig-zag ! There is a big embankment at that point ?' 'r^TesT^pth trains went over the precjj-kn^' 'yfFetft- it won't take long tg..ggtfthe truck Reared, then. I waajifrftiif it might be something serious. . Ring up the loco, ftiremttji, and sor.d- a'conple of men up to-day wit^j the pilot engino nnd tender. Any remains whioh aro picked can be brought on in tho ? ordinary y?3rrQW. Confounded nuisance !' '' . * * ''TV 'A law is wanted,' says Mr. Abigail, that will enable on honest tradesman to obtain his due from a rascal who does not mean to render it.' Sir Francis— not yet knighted, though you Rhonld be, For this,* if fcr no other speech you've*: made— You'ro truthful, though not otherwise you oould bo Apostle of tho doetrino of Freetrade ; That law ' is ' wanted badly, so are others The people wait, and watching evor pray, That Parkes, and you, and ail your , Free trade brothers, Will get to work law-making right away. « » '# Tho blackest kind of she^p has always some kind of a lighter coloured spot on him, and it ia only a fair thing when ho is made out to be very black, to call attention to the brown patch. Which in why the following is reproduced from a Melbourne paper: — 'Lord Deerhurst, during his svoyago home, gave evidence of kindly and manly feeling that may justly be set off against the youthful folly ''id extrava gance that marked his brief Victorian eweer. When ncaring the K. d Sea, one of the ueeond or third class p issengers, a young woman, fell dangerously ill, and the ship's doctor declared that her case was hopeless unless she could obtain mon- cmn fortablo and better ventilated quarters. Lord Doorhnrst was in possession of a most comfortable, in fact luxurious, cabin ; end, on hearing how matters stood, he at once generously gavo it up for the use of tho poor, almost dying girl, and went him self into a much less agreeable part of the vessel. Thanks in great part to this kindly dcod the yohng' woman recovered/' Well this ia, in some measure, a set-off against tho youthful indiscretions, and ho will be duly credited with the item else where, * #' ? ? ; ? [Lira.] As a day. to a child is tho sum of oxintonoo, With its morning, its noon, and. its night in the distanco : Tlirico happy we lingor as ohildron till rioon, Whon mid-ngod wo wondor that night 'coinos 'so seon. _ Tho ovoning comos on, to our resting wo oroop. And like the tared child coasc our labours and sloop ; . , He wakes on the morrow to plcasuro again, We sloop till awakened, and wakonod — what than ? # # A barrister in tho city has tho reputa tion of being a liberal, large-hearted man. And ho is— at other people's expense — if tho little storiea m circtJation of him are true. One night* recently ho entertained a largo party of friejids at his houso, and amongst tho waiters who attenddd to their waats was tho bailiff who had tlmt morn ing taken possession at the instance of an irato creditor. Tho invitations were out, and the party could not be postponed for such a trifling circumstance as the arrival of a bum, so the man of Liw disguised him ha 'a waiter, and tho affair passed/off, in tho language of Pott's Point, with great tclai.. ? 