ROCKHAMPTON. THÜDSDAY. JANUARY 27, 1887. COLONIAL PROGRESS. IT is somewhat to be regretted so much dilatoriness was displayed in the preparation of the Statistics of the Colony of Queensland, that those for 1865 were only placed before the public late ia 188C. Hon. members ought to make it a matter of inquiry in Parlia- ment who is to blame for this apparent carelessness. From it the interests of the Colony suffer ; for when capitalists in the other colonies, or old country, essay to make inquiries as to our sources of wealth, they are misinformed and misled. Should the delay bc due to the extent of the Colony, and difficulty of collecting information in detail, an effort ought to be made to issue a statement of general facts, which would be sufficiently reliable,, and would be of value to com- mercial men. Our statistics are arranged in eight groups, .and five of these may be re- garded as referring to pur material prosperity, and to them we shall direct attention at present. Population is of immense value to a thinly peopled country, and the capacity of a young state to absorb the surplus of old com- munities is always a good sign. Here, at the outset of our examination, we find evidence of the effects of the drought in the slow increase that has been going on in our population. At the 31st December, 1885, the estimated j population of the Colony was 326,916. The increase in that year was 17,003. ¡ Tho increase in each of the immediately preceding years was 1882, 21,287; 1883, 39,219 ; 1881, 22,003. To find a cause for this decline in the increase, we tura to the Immigration- tables, and there find it in the diminished importation of men and women.- The numbers of immigrants from the United Kingdom in the years stated were as follows :-1882, 12,656; 1883, 26,725 ; 1884,16,486; and 1885, 10,907. The population bas not been increasing so rapidly as before, because we have not been bringing so many from the old country. __The decrease would have been much greater had it not been for the increase in the influx from. the southern ' colonies. The numbers of people who arrived from the Austra- lasian' colonies were-in 1682, 9,605 ; 1883, 10.770 ; 1884. 15,324 ; 1885, 20,265. These figures are remarkable, if it were not that the.-numbers of people who left Queensland for the Australasian colonies were almost as large, the figures being-1882, 7326 ; 1883, 9260 ; 1884, 14,675 ; Í885, 18,752. In every year there is about a thousand in our favour, so that if the people whose passages, to Queensland we pay leave us, and go south, we get many in return. The positive disability under which wc suffer, by having these Sta- tistics issued so late in the year, is evident, when we come to fie tables containing thc population of the several municipalities. The figures are those for 1885, but since then the intermediate census has been taken, and accurate and late information gleaned. The popula- tion tables are too old to be particu- larly useful. Under the heading of Interchange we have a mass of statistics relating to the trade and commerce of thc Colony. From these we learn that while our Post and Telegraph Services continue to facilitate social and commercial inter- course, they are not paying concerns. The ii umber of letters posted for delivery in the Colony in 18S5 was 7,074,813, and for despatch beyond the Colony 1,401,534. The numbers received were : Intercolonial, 836,318; British and Foreign, 463,742. Upwards of six million newspapers were posted for delivery in the Colony. There passed through thc Post Office in the course of the year, 9,776,407 letters; 8,794,633 newspapers ; and 1,155,017 pockets. The number of telegraph mes- sages transmitted was 1,082,183 ; re- ceived into Queensland, 119,897. The number of postal miles by land amount to 25,231} ; and the miles of telegraph to 7532J. All these figures present con sidcrable increases on those of immedi- ately preceding years. In like manner, the statistics relating to railways show that trafile of all kinds has been increas- ing. Ia the year, the number of railway passengers on all lines was 1,369,345 ; revenue, £177,676 ; the goods traffic yielded £474,625. The total receipts were .£691,540; and the working expenses were £444,139. While the revenue only increased to the extent of about £60,000 on that of ¡last year, the working expenses were £87,000 greater. In the course of the year there was expended on public works, sush as roads and bridges, asylums, ¿c., from loan, £15,799 ; from revenue, £88.718 ; total, £104,518. The total number of vessels reported to ha veentered the ports of Queensland in 1885 was 2240, of 1,619,660 tonnage ; and there cleared 2191 vessels, of 1,522,498 ton- nage. Our imports for the year were valued at £6,191,407, exclusive of live stock across the border. Merchandise was received from the United Kingdom of the value of £2,751,439; from New South Wales, £2,493,468 ; and Victoria, £380,785. The exports amounted to £4,573,665, and included £1,018,333 to the United Kingdom; £2,477,998 to New South Wales ; and Vic- toria £319,595. From this it would appear that New South Wales is our best customer, while the fact is the wool we send there, and which is counted as an import by New South Wales, oniy goes through to the United Kingdom. The details of imports show that, notwithstanding our direct mail steamship service with the United Kingdom, a large portion of our trade comes and goes through New South Wales. Of firearms, for instance, we received 108 packages from the United KÍDgdom, and 128 from New South Wales : as there is no manufactory in the Colony, we did not get the latter from the makers. So it ia with a great many other articles. Our traders seem to be in league with the middlemen of New South Wales, and the people of this Colony have to pay tithes to their neighbours, which might bc avoided. Our exports of wool in 1885 amounted to 31,585,572 lb., sent as follows: Clean: United Kingdom, 8,637,6801b.; New South Wales, 2,141,2261b.; Vic- toria, 107,593 lb. Greasy : United King- dom, 23,976,941 lb.: New South Wales, 7,183,134 lb.; Victoria, 425,497 lb. Our timber exports in 1885 were valued at £11,337, the Australasian Colonies being our best customers, and cedar and pine the chief kinds dealt in. The amount of Customs duties received in 1885 was £1,050,524. THE famous, or rather infamous, Mount Rennie case, and the discussions to which it has given rise, have brought to light many ghastly facts in connection with what is termed, by a gilded figure of speech, Austra- lian civilisation. But at the same time there has been a widely comic element in the contra, versy, and the scores of infuriated cranks, who bave argued the question of life or death from as many different points of aberration, have furnished unlimited amusement to those who could appreciate their varying degrees of stupidity. Every authority, living and dead, from Confucius to Sir Henry Parkes, and from Moses to Joseph Smith, was pressed into service on one side or the other, and when these failed the hungry ghoBts of the decaying past were dug up and harnessed to the bullock dray of genius, and driven by dense, comprehensive ignorance along roads which these same ghosts would have posi- tively declined to traverse when still in the flesh. It is satisfactory to know, however, that these ill-used shades of the past were all on the side of mercy. The spirits, of course, were of various degrees of credibility ; some of them had been hanged themselves, some had 'died drunk, and some bad kicked their mothers dead, but they all agreed on one point-that the ghosts of the dead took possession of the bodies of the living and governed them for good or evil, aa they pleased. The death of six criminals would, therefore, set six more evil spirits free, and one of these might, if it chose, enter into the body of, say, Sir Robert Stout, and com- pel him to seize the crippled and helpless Vogel, and pour kerosene over him and set him ou fire, and then dance round him singing comic songs while he was blazing. Another might fasten upon Sir Samuel Griffith, and absolutely force bim to hew Mr. Macrossan Into small pieces, and then tie bim up in a bag, and address bim to the Agent-General in London, marked " Cash on delivery," and a third, a lower, meaner spirit of the pettifogging kind, might prey upon the vitals of Sir Patrick Jennings until he went out and choked an orphan idiot with the view of making him hand over his last sixpence. The roaming goblin, be it observed, must find a tenement, and aa the number of spirits thus liberated since the world began must be greater than all the figures and "oughts" in the English lan gaage can express, it is probable that every Human being now existent gives shelter to at least a thousand disembodied ruffians, who are perpetually urging him to set his hoUBe on fire, and tear his wife's hair, and kick the cat, and throw boiling water over the baby, and drop the rest of the family over a precipice. Spirits, too, which are crowded out of all human accommodation, are compelled to take refuge in the bodies of inferior animals, and many an omnibus-driver, who urges a weary team uphill on a hot day, may be unconsciously flogging his mother and his deceased wife, and nn old ftoman emperor, and administering an occasional swish to a Pope who acts as leader ; and the dog fancier, who disposes of what be imagines to bc only a bull-pup, may unwittingly sell a can- nibal who meaus mischief. But the subject is too large a one to be dealt with exhaustively here, and we would merely remark in conclusion that there are more things in heaven and earth than have ever been dreamt of in any philosophy that Rockhampton ie large enough to hold. AT a public meeting iu Gladstone the other day u committee was appointed to take steps towards the erection of a'hospital there. THE rain reports for thc twenty-four hours ending at niue o'clock yesterday morning are as follow -.-Bustard Heads, 0'37 in,; Aramac, 115 in.; Macsall, O'IGin.; Cardwell, 012in.; Clermont, (HSin.; Gladstone, 0-25in.; Port Douglas, 0-07 in.; Woody Island, 0*10 in. Light rain fell at Rockhampton early yester- day morning, and a heavy shower between nine aud ten o'clock. Vor the remainder of the day the weather was fine, though cloudy. " AK Indignant Ratepayer " wishes ns ta poke, puthe Town Surveyor about the state he pipe tracks in William-street, near the Show Ground and Mr. Pattison'a shop, have been left in. We are not sure whether the Town Surveyor is the man to bo reflected upon, but some one needs a caution. It is shameful that a nasty ridge should be allowed to staud np wherever a pipe track is made, and it is due entirely to careless filling in ana ramming of the earth, for which soma one is responsible. WE understand that a moiety of the gross proceeds of the concert given by the Hisses Joraa and others ia the School of Arts on j Monday evening, amounting to £35, iras banded over to the Sisters of Mercy on Tues- day. A O-oscdBRY telegram ot the 8th instant reads :-" Mr. Cribb, late Police Magistrate I at Rockhampton, has arrived, and is about to hold an inquiry into certain charges made I against Mr, Uhr, the Police Magistrate, for drunkenness and misbehaviour." AT the present moment the Immigration Barracks are almost deserted. The apart- j i merits for single women and single men are empty, and in the married people's quarters [ there are only two families. The late arrivals have gone off gradually, but whether they have obtained employment the wardsman is not aware. Some of thc young men were kept without food for several days for declin- ing to accept engagements at 15s. a week and rations, and £30 a-year. THE programme of the concert to be given by the Rockhampton Philharmonic Society in the School of Arts to-morrow week, February 4, iiaB been published. It is divided into two parts, the first comprising eight numbers, and the second ten. The pieces are well arranged, and with a view to affording variety and preventing the monotony that is too often a characteristic of euch entertainments. AU the performers will be lona fide members of the Society, and the conductorship of the concert will be undertaken by Herr Hage. YESTERDAY Mr. P. Egan withdrew trom his candidature for Archer Ward, and Mr. W, Whitman from the contest for Leichhardt Ward. Mr. H, W. Risien will therefore succeed Mr. W. Pattison for the former ward, and Mr. S. W. Hartley take the place of Mr. E. B. Moyle for the latter. The withdrawal of Messrs. Egan and Whitman does away with the trouble of a poll, and at nine o'clock on Tuesday morning the Returning Officer (Alderman T. Kelly) will declare Messrs. Risien and Hartley duly elected. TUE Peak DOKUS Telegram has been sup- plied with details of rainfall at the principal stations on the Peak Downs, of which the following summary will be read with in- terest : issi. issi. iss3. issi,, issi., use. \ Clermont .. 21-6« 33 OS 14-49 2348 6-34 88-17 Retro .. .. 2105 62 70 11-9« 21-00 11-80 81-22 Wallang.. .. 19 01 66-23 187* 5291 7-60 32-17 Huntly .. .. 17-78 49 2S 12-68 22"43 7K1 Î6 0» Logan Downs 19 81 41 71 10 «6 23 88 16-59 29 W Kilcummin .. 21-05 44-61 17-03 22-36 7-00 31-61 I The details of the rainfall for 1686 show there was little rain till June, when the stations had about 6 in. each. There has been rain 1 every month since. In December it ranged from 4-45111. at Logan Downs to 9-90 in. at Clermont. A GENERAL meeting of members of St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Club was held on Tuesday evening to review the position of the institution, and to decide aa to the future conduct of it. About forty were present, including the founder, the Rev Father Mouton. The rev. gentleman ex- plained that owing to his absence from Rock- hampton at different periods of late, he had not been able to give that constant attention to thc club he would have liked, but now he hoped to live in the town for the greater part of his time, and to personally supervise the management. While he was away the in- terest in it had waned, the attendance had fallen away, and many had neglected to pay their subscriptions, The current expenses were very heavy, and it was very necessary the money should be promptly paid. Mem- bers present were unanimously in favour of carrying on, and promised to aid in collecting If funds were needed. TUE. Port Denison Times, published in Bowen, says :-" Mr. D. Miller has shown us a letter received from Singapore rc shipment of horses :-' There is a good trade dons here in horses from Australia, and until lately regular shipments came from the Western coast in small schooners, but the class of animais was not very good, and being only slightly broken in, they only realised £18 to £27. These having ceased fora time, some batches of Western Australian horses have been imported by steamer, and also by steamer from Sydney of a mach superior CUBB, and have realised from £27 to £40. What we want here are good animals suitable for buggy, carriage, and saddle, quiet, good steady goers, but for' heavy draughts there is little or no demand. Singapore supplies all the neigh- bouring ports, so that there is a good and fairly large outlet here. Fifteen hands is the most suitable site, but there Cs a market also for fourteen haud cobs and ponies of thirteen hands.' Mr. D. Miller could, we understand, arrange for a trial shipment of horses by the E. and A. Company's steamers at moderate freight, and we think our horse-breeders should put their heads together, and see if they cannot avail themselves of this new opening. Bowen is nearer to Singapore than Sydney." WE notice from oar northern contemporaries that Mr. Charles Harding has agreed to pro- duce the opera " The Lily of Killarney " at Charters Towers on behalf of the North Queensland Separation League. It is pro- posed to sell the tickets, for admission by auction. The .Miner, .commenting on this says :-" The stoppage of Chinese Immigra- tion would deliver as from a great evil, nut separation would deliver ns from a legion of evils. The plan we propose of raiting funds combines business with amusement. The working men of this town could girt good help in the matter. Let us get a half-holi- day proclaimed, then hold the auction ata mass meeting, and we'll rake the dollars in for the Sepsratioa cause. If any one haas better idea we ask him to burry up, and wc shall deliver him of it. Mr. Harding, it may be objected, will make money by it. So we hope he will, but he will give ample valae for it. When the stage and the Press together assailan abuse or an institution it is soon laughed out of existence. When they join hands with the public and demand Separation, it most be granted. Let the Separationists here under- stand that this is a national effort, and all hands should join to make it a success. Il Mr. Harding makes a hit of it here-«nd he generally makes a hit-he oould carry the eparation cause triumphantly through the towns of the North. Charters Towers can well claim to lead in this movement." THE monthly meeting of the Committee of the Fitzroy Pastoral Society was held yester- day afternoon at the offices of Mr. H. ,W. Risien. There were present :-Messrs. R. M. Hunter (in thc chair), R. S. Archer, J. Atherton, W. Fattison, T. Kelly, and S. W. Hartley. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The inward cor- respondence consisted of a letter from Mr. W. K. Peberdy, which was to this effect -. " Private duties and the distance which separates us prevent me attending your Committee meetings and there advo- cating the reforms I consider essen- tial to progress. The majority ol yout Committee seem to me determined tc adhere to lines of policy that have already produced ten years of failure with, as I judge, no better prospects in future. There ia nc honour In lioldiug a position and neglecting its duties, nor profit in showing stock where the cost of exhibiting ts so unnecessarily in- creased aa to render an increased amount ol competition highly improbable. That being tlie eise induces me to request your permission to retire from your Committee and my position as a member of the Society." It was decided the Secretary (Mr. Risien) should write tc Mr. Peberdy saying the Committee regretted his decision, and asking him to reconsider thi matter. The Secretary reported that thi debit balance to date was £535 14s. ld., ant presented accounts amounting to £410s. whict were passed for payment. He also s tatet that, acting under the direction of the Vice President, he had instructed Ur. Lundager to take a couple of views of the Show Grounds for the purpose of having the picture inserted in the new certificate. THE usual weekly meeting of the Young Men's Improvement Society was held last evening. After the usual business had been transacted, the draught tournament took place, and resulted in a win for Mr. W. H. Hearn. The subject for discussion next evening is-" Is Ireland more sinned against than sinning Î " ¿THERE was a very large attendance at the .uniting to form a Druid Lodge held last «vening at the Belmore Arms. Between sixty and seventy were present. This ia more than three times the cumber required to form a lodge. The meeting was presided over by Mr. Nelson, an old member of the Melbourne Lodge, who is well up in Druidism, and addressed by Mr. Curtain, the Secretary, who will givea ny information required about* the Order. It was decided to name tho Rockhampton Lodge " Hearts of Oak.1! .Th« official requisition will be sent south by the . first steamer, and the Grand Officer will arrive in Rockhampton within the next ten days to install officers and commence business. OK Monday evening, says the Gladstone Observer, that fine body of stalwart men, the Gladstone Volunteers, resumed drill at the Drill Hall. As many members did not feel disposed to pay the fine of five shillings by absenting themselves, there was a good atC^ tendance. But the most Btriking feature waa to see all the men dressed in uniform, and they all looked quite able and prepared to defend quiet Gladstone from an invasion of any formidable enemy. The uniform -is of a nice light grey, with bine facings, and snits remarkably -well. Now that the members look something like a volunteer corps, it should be a great inducement to many young men residing in Gladstone to join them, as they would not only be serving their conntry, m but would have good physical exercise, sa well as excellent instruction. CONOKBHINO the man Joseph Wood, who fell into the river on Tuesday night while under the influence of drink, we are requested to state he has received no rations from Mr. Beasley, wardsman at the Immigration Depot, since the 10th instant. The statement pub- lished in our last issue was made by Wood OD the wharf about three-quarters of an hour . after he bad been rescued from tile water, atadr^ in answer to the queries of a constable, yes- terday morning in Court, though he did not deny this, he made contradictory assertions, saying he had been bbsent from Rockhampton for a fortnight. We make this explanation ia justice to Mr. Beasley, who is annoyed at what appeared in our last issue. He admits that Wood may have been to the Dépôt since the 10th instant, and that he may have loafed on the inmates, but he could sot hare procured much from them, as several were kept without rations for several days for refusing to accept reasonable rates of wages offered tn them. MB. CONRAD TONG ES, one of the candidates for election as an alderman of North Rock- hampton, will address the ratepayers at eight o'clock this evening. The meeting-place is Mr. Schwarteu's bakery, Kalka. A SPBCIAT. general meeting of the Licensed Victuallers' Association will be held to- morrow evening. A large attendance is ex- pected, aa thc recent prosecution of publicans for violating the Licensing Act is to form the subject of discussion.j AN OPEN ENEMY is not to be feared, but the secret foe should be carefully guarded against. The only effective guardian against aU forms of kidney and liver difficulties is Dr. Bell's (Kidney and Liver) Bitten. " Never known to fail" is the motto inscribed on its banner.-ADVT. DB, JOHNSON, it is said, never forgot any- thing he had seen, heard, or read. Burke, Clarendon, Gibbon, Locke, TUlotson, were all distinguished for strength of memory. ' When referring to this subject, Sir William Hamilton observed that for intellectual power of the highest order none was distinguished above Grotius and Pascal ; and Grotius and Pascal gotnothingthat they had ever read or thought. Leibnitz and Euler were not leas wlebratedifor their intelligence than for their memory ; and both could repeat the whole of the " vËneid." Donellus knew the " Corpus Juris " by heart : and yet he was one of the profoundest and most original speculators in jurisprudence. Ben Jonson tells us that he contd repeat all he had ever written, and whole books he bad read. Themistocles could call by their names the 20,000 cititens of Athena. Cyrus ls re Sorted to have known the name of every sol ier in bis army. Hortensius (after Cicero, the greatest orator of Rome),. after sitting a whole day at a publio sale, correctly enun- ciated from memory ali tbe things sold, their prices, and the names of their purchasers. Niebuhar, the historian, was not less distill guiahed for his memory than for his acuteness. In his youth be was employed in one of the public offices oi Denmark. Part of a book of accounts having bean destroyed, he restored ft by an effort of memory. 