' Capitola.' The famous old sensational drama known yenrs ago as tho ' Hidden Hand' was pro duced last night at tho Theatro Royal, by Miss Emolie Melville, under tho loss uutiointr titlo of ' Capitolit.' Thehouso was well filled,. tlic dress circle especially showing a decided, improvement in point of numbers on tho losti. few nights, and tho applause was loud and. frequent. Tho only drawbaolcs wore tho very lengthy waits between tho very short aots, nnd a few little hitches incidental to a first night's performance, all of whiuh will probably be remedied to-night. Tho titlo role, of courso, wiiBtakenbyMissEmelioMolvillo, whoappearcd ' first of all in a portion or portions of a boy ' s attiro as the Newsboy, av.d secondly aB Capitola the Heirefc, end it ia needless to say that iu both characters slio charmed her audience as usual and was vociferously aud deservedly applauded. As the Newsboy, brought up in tho Btroots of' New York, and precocious boyond his, orrathor her, years, the slight Yankee accent, or, as it vulgarly styled, ' twang,' that she oan uso bo skilfully at timps, camo in naturally and woll. As far os her apprmriEoe wont, although in tatters, she still looked ro oharmin* that as an. encrgotio newsboy sho would in-) ease tb.3 oir culat'on of c-ny daily papsr 'by 1,000 awook. in lefs than six [months. As the hoirosisho aho showed to great udvautugo and porhupHhor . best sccno was that in whioh when tho irasiiblo old Major Waifiold, loBiug all command of hia. temper, recalls tho lifo of povorty from which he had reFcued hu, she turns on him like a.: t-'grefs and utterly annihilates h:m. It would: bo invidiouB to attempt to find fault with hor acting, but with respect to hor mako-up it. imiBt be admitted that a glittering ring on tho finger, of a poverty ati-iokeu and ragged nowa toy doeB look tomewhat out of place. The other leading characters wero well fu'ed, nnd tpecinl praifo muBt bo given that sterling actor and our old friind, Mr. G. P. Carey, for his extremely fv.nny impersonation of Wool. Major Warfiold's negro Ben-ant. His soanty and peculiar head-covering reminded 119 of his' impersonation of delightful old Boseo Blathers, who, Boroo two yearj ago in Brisbane, was1 continually 'calling about a hat,' whio^i apparently he has now found. Space doos not permit ub to do justice to tho other actors, and. aB for the plot, tlie publio must go and judge ' fov themselvep, and if they can thoroughly understand it, wo give thorn credit for more discernment than they are usually believed to popECBB. Anyhow, thero is plenty of sensation and some very effeotivo situations, rondorod still'. ? more telling by good acting, and as tho mechanical effects, including u ghost and a . mysteriouB trap-door, aro very well managed,. nn excellent evening's entertainment ia assured. A soiTEETio broil usually makes a thoroughly ; unsatisfactory meal. *: . 