OUR CORRESPONDENT'S LETTER. Teefculna. B'ehraarv 17. I was favored yesterday with an oppor tunity of visiting the new four- mile rash, having been kindly offered by the warden a seat in his buggy. On arriving at the scene of operations we found about 30 tnen still working, principally in the vici nity of the prospectors' trenches, two or three parties having planted their pegs at intervals above and below them. At the lower end of the gully, which is a wide, shallow, treeless depression of not unpromising appearance, a shaft had been bottomed at 15 feet, and thecjaimholders had left to try a prospect. Another hole was down 11 feet, and a likely- looking wash was putting in an appearance. The sinking after the sur face soil had been penetrated was exces sively hard, being, in all the cases that came under our notice, through a stratum of very tough cement, thickly impreg nated wi£h fine drift and gritty particles. MoBt of the holes which are situated on the northern slope of the gully had not been bottomed, but as the ground appears to be so much deeper than that worked by the prospectors, it is quite possible that I may yet have some cheering items to re port concerning Rowe's Gully. Some of the miners had broughtdrays or buggies, so in all probability prospects will be washed in sufficient quantities to ensure a reliable estimate of its value. One. party thought sufficiently well of the place to put down a square paddock. Another man, evidently a professional well-sinker, was putting down a neat circular shaft. One of the defects or rather omissions of the mining regulations at present in force ia this colony was forcibly brought before the warden's notice. Mr. Rowe, one of the prospectors, pointed out to him that although he had not officially reported the discovery of payable gold, yet a rush having taken place the prospectors were now pegged in on every side available, and were therefore unable to continue their operations in the desired direction. He mentioned that he had been placed in a similar position before at the Made Hills, and represented the necessity for a clause in the amended Act to the effect that prospectors sinking at a reasonable distance from other workings (say, half a mile) should be permitted to work out a 'pro- tected area' 220 yards square for under and 440 yards square for over CO feet sinking. Subsequent to the hoist ing of the red flag a term varying from three to twenty-one days, according to the depth of sinking, should be allowed them to fmther ascertain the run of the gold and define the boundaries of their award claims before the remainder of the protected area is thrown open. A regula tion similar in object and character to this Is in force in all the other gold yielding colonies, and has always within my limited experience worked satisfactorily to all parties. Several miners, especially from other colonies, have in my hearing stated that the lack ol protection has alone debarred them from prospecting. At Mr. Gee's suggestion a memorial will probably be drawn up, which he has pro mised to forward to the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the consideration of the Government. The washing depots are not so numer ously patronised as might have been ex pected, by far the majority of the golden hole men preferring to wash on their own claims. Although it is very difficult to get reliable information at the depots as to either locality or yield, as a general rule the yellow residue in the dish appears a fair return from the one or t«ro tubs washed. From what can be gathered, however, the dirt from the lately opened Campbell's Hill, the rise between the junction of Brady's and Goalin's gullies, gives very satisfactory results. Speaking of Campbell's Hill, early this morning a party sinking near there at the rear of (£. Badger's store got a prospect, variously reported at from colors to 2 dwt. in the headings, about 5 feet from theBiirface. Ariish immediately took place, and in a very short space of time all the spare ground, including the portion of 'the main street opposite, and the business ''-aites!^ adjacent, was pegged out. The . «arden passing at the -time exercised his ^authority to prevent the road from being - torn up, and explained to the. excited crowd that the special provisions of the Act (clause 47) must be complied with before mining on the business sites could be permitted. A .somewhat irregular dis cufifiion arose, the upshot of which was that all work on debatable ground was sus suspended until 10 o'clock on the following morning, during which time, as far aa L can gather, the subject was to be sub mitted to head-quarters for special con sideration. Several of those who secured * ' spare ground .'however, went on sinking, with what results time only will show. Some are down about 12 feet. Portions of the so-called 'duffer' ground at the north end of Brady's occasionally turn out a little gold. I noticed four or five dwts. to the load washed to-day from a claim in that locality, the owner of which stated that he had pre viously picked out a couple of pieces 5 and 2^. dwt. respectively. Several times during the last few hours the sky has been covered with leaden hued clouds, and a light sprinkling of rain has raised hopes only to level them in the dust Since noon a strong southerly wind has been raging, and it does not require any stretch of the imagination to fancy oneself encountering a simoon ia the centre of the Sahara. Thefts of washdirt are, as far as can be gathered from private sources, not un frequent, but are not often reported, aa the owners frequently do not care to ad vertise the fact that their dirt is worth stealing. A heap on Windlass Hill wa9 visited last night. In any case it will probably go hard with any party or parties caught in flogrante ddieto. Some additions to the local hospital, a morgue and kitchen, are in course of con struction. The work has been at a stand still for the last two days, the contractors having been unable to obtain the necessary timber. . Inspector Rollinson informs me that a paity of men are being employed in general scavenging work — a very desirable measure. The Government medical officer considers the ' latrine' accommoda tion insufficient, and in many ways less suitable for general requirements than those of the type recommended by him in his letter to the board of health. Several of these might be inexpensively con structed with advantage to the entire com munity. The bank purchased 41 oz. yesterday and 39 to-day. An escort was dispatched this morning, but I have not yet ascer tained the amount transmitted. Stoneham and party at Dam Gully got a nice little piece weighing over 2 ounces. AU endeavors to find out the results from the dirt brought in from the 'Four-mile, Rowe's Gully,' were ineffectual, but I shall probably learn when the Warden returns from there to-morrow. Among the washings noted 1| loads from Camp bell's Hill went about 20 dwfc., and a load from Brady's 1 ounce. A smoll lot from Goelin's hardly paid for water. Kruse and Adams, in the ' Adelaide Jubilee,' showed me gold-bearing stone from a leader just opened out. Several of the reefs are now followed down to a sufficient depth to give a fair idea of their prospects. If circumstances permit I will visit some of them to morrow. Teetulpa, February 19. Early on Friday morning, permission having been obtained from the occupants, woik was resumed on the business sites behind Badger's store. Several holes bottomed at depths varying from 7 to 15 feet gave only the color ; but from a hole near Jonas's butcher's shop a second grand prospect which I Baw ' panned off' went over two **' weights.' Ia a remark ably short space of time all the spare ground within a considerable radius was marked off, and sinking was commenced with hope- recruited energy. So eager were the men to obtain a 'show' within 'cooee' of the 'golden hole' that the street was again rushed ; but the warden, who was on the spot, reserved it in the interests of general traffic. £ A rumor being afloat this morning that a rush had taken place near the north end of Flack's Gully, and Mr. Gee offering me a seat in his buggy, we set out shortly after with the intention of testing ita authenticity, visiting en route the Blue Star and Jubilee reefs. In the former Mr. Lowe reports the reef is - again work ing, and excellent stone is being broken out. The underlay is very slight and the casing hard. The shaky nature of the footwall renders for the present the use of powder unsafe. At Strawbridge's several parties are still camped. Very few, how ever, are working in the gully, and these with hardly payable results, die majority being married men with families, who for sanitary reasons, although working in Brady's and Goslin's gullies, prefer re siding at a safe distance from the fever infected field. Brennan's and Flack's were found to be practically deserted. One or two men are still pegging away in the hope of striking a run of gold. Looking down from an eminence com manding an extensive view of the* sur rounding country no indications of a rush were to be perceived. If not a hoax the rumor might have originated in the fact that Mr. Flack had been working lately in a new sppt, and the previous day had got a few colors. During the evening at least six ziac buckets of washdirt taken from the shaft in which the rich prospects before mentioned had been obtained were waBhtd by diggers holding the adjoining claims. Strange to say only one or two light colors were revealed. As dish after dish in succession failed to give a ghost of a show mutterings, not loud but deep, were to be heard on every side, and when the trial was finished many openly ex pressed their dissatisfaction, and hopes which had ascended high in the morning now fell to zero ; a few, however, who know how erratically the gold is dis tributed in even the richest claims on this field, still retain sufficient confidence in Badger's Hill to give it a fair trial. The reserve at the Government Well, opposite the main washing depot, was thrown open on Friday morning, and one or two holes bottomed at about 3 feet have already produced, as far as I can learn, fair prospects, and in one case a tew small pieces have been obtained. The washings at the depots maintain a fair average, and there being plenty of water and every facility to carry out the work with ease and economy, they are getting more numerously patronised. An im provement, however, which could be effected at a trivial cost, would be the formation of sludge dams similar to thoBe universally used by puddlers en other goldnelcta. A few loads of tailings, of . which there are a&y; quantity available on the sppt, pro perly deposited in a semi circle below the bank of which the cradles are worked, would be all that would be required, and the 'sludge ' and waste water, instead of as at present spreading over a large ex panse of ground and threatening to be ultimately a source of considerable nuisance to the adjoining claimholders, would be collected in a reservoir in which, the heavier earthy material settling, an ample supply of water from the sur face could be collected for dish prospect ing ad libitum by those who can ill afford to test their ground as thoroughly as its naturally uncertain character would render advisable. _ Of course the tailings from these washings would maintain the bank, and if it grew in course of time to an in convenient height a second outer dam could easily be constructed on the same principle. A number of the claims on the rising ground opposite the main depot are turn ing out well. A load from one of them washed there on Friday gave 2 oz., half of which was picked out of the hopper in one piece. Very good gold also is being ob tained in the lower end of Dam Gully, a run just below the embankment going about 3 oz. of nice shotty gold. Some nice slugs are occasionally being unearthed near the north-east corner ia lately-opened ground. The Aurifera reef (Hunter & Co.'*) ia this vicinity is giving every satisfaction to its shareholders. A semi-private teat of a 10-oz. piece, In which it is stated no gold, was visible, on being crushed and washed* yielded a residuum that, unless I am much mistaken, when retorted will lift a penny weight. The main body of the reef ia now exposed, and a few days' more work wtli reveal whether it has any right to ita name. Proceedings de lunatico inquirend-o wera heard before Messrs. Reid and Gee, J.P.'s, at the police camp this afternoon. The eubject of the enquiry, John Forrest, a native of Broken H»ll, JSew fcouth Wales, was found to be of unaound mind, and au order was made out on Dr. Richardson's certificate for his admission into the Government asylum. On Friday evening a benefit was given by Oscar Smith's Indian Tourist Party tt Misa Nellie Harley. The company w«r-s assisted by amateurs and some members of the circus troupe, and an excellent programme, appreciated by a full house. was given. This evening Mr. Perry's Circus gives a benefit to the Miner*' Benefit Association, rendered doubly ac- . ceptable by reason of the numbers of sick and destitute diggers at present ou the field. As several extra attractions ara combined, and the object is such a worthy one, every seat is certain to be occupied. Typhoid unfortunately appears to be still' spreading, in spite of every precau tion that the local authorities can take. Among the hist victims who have been compelled to leave the field are Mes3». George Bonnar (of Bonnar & Co., coach, proprietors) and Healop. Mr. LeCouter is still dangerously ill. 