Mr. Spurgeon and the Baptist Union. This is what the London Daily News of )ctober 27 says on the above subject : — The rumour a few days ago that Mr. Spnr ;eon was abmit to '«i«.'e ihe Baptist Unica past the charges laid sy him against minister! and churches of being upon the ' downgrade * theologically and* spiritually have been ar dently combated privately, but at the meetings of the union in Sheffield early this month they were ignored, while at the gatherings of the Congregational Union they were denied. Replying to his critics and declaring his final decision, Mr. Spurgeon says that *? to pursue union at the expense of truth is treason to the Lord Jesus. He is our Master and Lord, and we will keep his words. T« tamper with His doctrine would be to be traitors to Himself.'' Proceeding, he argues that as a matter of fact 'believers in Christ's atonement are now in declared religious union with those who make light of it ; those who hold evangelical doc trine are in open alliance with those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another pro bation after death, and a futuie restitution for the lost.' ' Yes,' he says, ' we have be fore us the wretched spectacle of professedly orthodox Christians publicaliy avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and scarcely concealing their contempt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ.' This being the case he retires at once and distinctly from the Baptist Union, urging that as the Baptist- Churches are each one of them self contained and independent, and the union being only a voluntary associa tion of such churches, it is a simple matter for a church or an individual to withdraw from it. Mr. Spurgeon does not blame the union for ' harbouring errors of the extremes' kind, for he says, *' so far as we can see it is power less to help itself even if it wished to do so.' Replying to the question, ' Why not start a new denomination ?' he says it is a question for which he has not any liking. There are denominations enough in his opinion, and ' if there were a new denomination formed the thieves and robbers who have entered other ? gardens walked iound' would climb, into it also, and so nothing would be gained. Besides Ihe expedient is not needed among churches, which are each one self-governing and sell determining ; such churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep their own coast clear of invaders.'1 In conclusion, Mr. Spurgeon says, ' Oh, that the day would come when, ma laiger communion than any sect can offer, all those who are one in Christ may be able to blend in manifest unity J This can only come by the wav ol growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth. and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the Head, even Jesus Christ.' Thededson of Mr. Spurgeon will be regretfully received by the Baptist denomination generally, for at the meetings in Sheffield, when it was hinted that he intended to leave the Union, an urgent though unofficial wish was expressed that he would not go to ihat extreme, and that even if he did, pressure would be brought to beat upon him to reconsider his decision. it --- /-?» 