SABINA ZEMBRA. A NOVEL, BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of " macleod op Dap.e," "A Prin cess op Thole," i:c. CHAPTER V.— Continued. It was a pretty scene at that suppeT-table when they had all come in and taken their places — the shiniDg silver and the Venetian glass ; the shaded candles sheddiDg a soft roseate clow on the cover : the abundant flowers ; the baskets of fruit ; the faces of the young men and maidens growing blither as the talk became more aud more animated. And if there was a trifle too much noise in the neighborhood of the black-a-vised bari tone — who Was telling very, very old stories in half-intelligible English, and laughing boisterously at the same — well, that was all the more convenient for any of the quieter folk, who perhaps had their own little sen tences (timid and hesitating and hardly daring to say all that might be said) to communicate to each other in their small, separate sets. Walter Lindsay was not sorry to be able to murmur a word or two unheard by the general crowd, even if there was no particular secret to he con veyed ; it was something that he could speak to Sabina, as it were, alone. And then she was looking so beautiful this evening — so calm, and bland, and com plaisant ; and the gracious outline of her neck, as she bent forward a little to listen, was something to steal one's heart away. Her stepmother had said she was a dowdy in her dress. Well, on ordinary busy days she generally wore a tight-fitting gown of brownish-grey homespun, with a jacket to match, and her brown felt bonnet was ser viceable enough ; and if you had met her In Kensington High-street, or in Ciomwell- road, you would have thought little of the costume, though perhaps her stature and her gait, and' the set of her head might have attracted a brief notice. But to- night there was naturally something different. She wore a dress of pale blue Indian silk with a fichu of faiDtly yellow lace coming round the neck and bosom ; and for sole ornament, where the fichu met the gown, there was a bunch of real forget-me-nots. Walter Lind say looked at these from time to time. What falcon would he not have sacrificed to gain possession of any one of them ! And yet he had a little score to settle with her. If any other person had told him that he had a shaky hand he would not have heeded much ; besides such was not the case, for, although he had the artist's tempera ment, and was exceedingly sensitive in many ways, his nerves were as sound as a hell. But that Sabina should have taunted him was too bad ; and her reference to the Arts Club 1 " Miss Zembrn," he made hold to say (but still in that undertone that he seemed to prefer), " what did yon mean by saying that my hand shook ?" " Did 1 ?" she said, and she looked up. And then something in his manner appeared to amuse her. " If I hurt your feelings I am very sorry." " What did von mean by too much Arts Club at midnight 1" said he, for he was determined to clear himself of|the charge. "I nm an hospital nurse omoccasion," she said, laughing. " I suppose I spoke profes sionally. But really I did not mean any thing serious, iMr. Lindsay — oh, of course not." " Oh, but I'm going to have it out with you," said he. ' 1 want just to see whether you or I have the steadier hand " " No, no ; if I apologise to you " " But I want to see. Now, just you lift your wineglass and I will hold up mine, and we wilt see who can let them come closest without actually touching." Well, she was; good-natured ; they went through that little performance ; and cer tainly both their hands now seemed steady enough. " Can I do more than apologise ?" shesaid, as she put down her glass again. " I did not mean to offend you." " Offend me 1" He looked at her ; that was all. Meanwhile the robust baritone had chanced to catch sight of that raising of glasses, and imagining that it was merely the revival of an old custom, he set to work at his end of the table, and presently there there was a good deal of drinking of healths and clinking of glasses, with even an occa sional " Stosst an ! — sctzt an .'—fertig / — I us /" It was in the midst of this hubbub of chatter and merriment that Mrs. Wygram found an opportunity of saying to her daughter, who happened to sit next her, " Janie, don't look up the table, but do you know what is going on I 1 can tell you. Are you aware that yonr darlmg Sabina is showing herself as nothing else than an outrageous flirt ?" " She is not, mother 1" Janie said, indig nantly, " She doesn't know what flirtation is 1" " It's a remarkably good imitation of it, then, that is going on up there," said the little old lady, still with her eyes cast down. " I've never seen anything worse anywhere. Why, Mr. Lindsay has not said a word to a soul since we sat down to supper. He has eyes and ears for nobody but her." " And whose fault i9 that ?" said Janie ; that is his fault, not hers. 1 Of course, she is kind to him, as she would be to anyone sit ting in his place. It's little you know about Sabie if you think that of her." " 1 can use my eyes," said Mrs. Wygram, "and they're older than yours, my girl." " You know you're only saying that to vex me, mother, and you can't doit. No, you cau't. I know Sabie better than that." " At all events," the mother said, to close this underhand discussion — " at all events, Mr. Lindsay is having one happy evening in his life." Nor was Mrs. Wygram the only one who was casually observant of what was going on at the upper end of the table. A tall, rather good-looking fellow — a recently elected Associate he was, and very Droud of his new lionor3 — said to his neighbor, who was a lively little maiden with a roseate face, a piquant nose and raven-black hair : — " Who. is the lady of the forget-me-nots ?" She glanced up the table. " Oh, don't you know I That is Miss Zembra — a daughter of Sir Anthony Zembra — the Parliament man, don't you know ? Pretty, isn't she J " " How long have Walter Lindsay and she known each other?" he asked. There was some kind of significance in his tone. " I think for some time," said his com panion. " But I believe she has never been . in bis house before.. She doesn't care for such things — nursing babies and old women is more in her line. It's all very well if they would only wash their faces." " Oh, they've known each other for some time ?" " 1 believe so." " Oh, they've known each other for some time?" What did he mean by this repetition ? What he was trying to do, at all events, was to get his companion to raisejher eyes to his to ask what his meaning was' ; but she was a shrewd little lass, and knew better than to be drawn into any such understanding. " Well, I suppose it's none of my busi ness," he said, finally ; and that was a very sensible conclusion. And now did Walter Lindsay call down the blessings of Heaven on Borella's wildly- matted head for the noisy baritone had taken to performing conjuring tricks, and the attention of everyone at the table was directed towards him. And Sabina wished to look on also, for she loved amusement as well as anyone /when the chance wa3 there, but her companion would not let her. He was sure she had had no supper at all. A little more wine, then? for she seemed to like the perfume of that golden-clear vina di Capri. He was so sorry she had had no supper. It was a shame that Bhe had come to his' house merely to be starved; perhaps she would never come again: after such treatment? Some fruit, thou, just to show that she had not been quite neglected ? Not a slice of pineapple, nor half a dozen grapes, even ? Some straw berries, then ?" ; "Grapes and strawberries in the middle of March?" she said, wil.h a smile. " Really, it is perfectly wicked." ! . And then there was on his lips some wild reference to Ser Federigo's envied happiness in the destruction of his falcon, but fortu- ' nately he did not go so far ; he contented himself with engrossing' her attention so that she could not see any of the conjuring, and he would have her tell him more of her experiences among the mudlarks down Lam beth way. Were they all so cynical ? And not so grateful to her as they might be ? Yas she not afraid , of having her pocket (eked I And that one of them who was J\ champion and chief coufidant — could be l'pund out now by a stranger? -Would 'ke to have a good, substantial mid-day aUui given him, and. thereafter a boat that V . he might sail on the ponds in Battersea Park, supposing that such au amusement were permitted I Well, Sabina had a generous faculty of being pleased with whomsoever was talking to her for the moment : and he was her host, moreover, and all the others were oc cupied with their own affairs, so she had leisure to tell him about these and other thing3. And ever the glamour of her clear soft hazel eyes was working him further and further woe. Her ronnded white arm3 were near him ; the dimple in her cheek showed when she laughed : her beautiful brown liair was still more beautiful in the softened light. But these things were as nothing. It was her eyes he sought ; and these were so friendly and pleased and benignant that who would have accused them of working him woe ? Nor did he care. He drank the sweet madness, the fell poison, without stint, and recklessly nnd joyously; this night was to be at least one happy night in his life ; he had Sabie all to himself — and he was drinking in her pleased glances and her smiles as if they were strong wine : the years to come, whatever there might be in them, could never deprive him of that gold- and-rose-tinted memory. At length the conjuring came to an end ; and it was Herr Borella himself who sug gested that they should go away into the studio to have a little music ; he had to leave soon, he explained. And then there was a fetching of wraps for tho women folk ; and somehow Walter Lindsay managed to secure Sabina's long fur cloak ; and he it was who put it round her shoulders, and would eveu insist that it was properly fastened at the throat, for the night was cold. When they went outside into the back garden, at the further end of which was the studio, they found that the night skies had grown clearer and stars were shining palely overhead. Sabina thought of the dark early morning in East London, and of her erissing from the nurse's dormitory to the wards ; she was a little grave as" the ghost-like procession passed along from the house, through this weird gloom, to the yellow light of the studio-door. All within there, however, was brightness; the gases and, candles lit ; the fire burning briskly ; the piano open : plenty of music scattered everywhere. The great baritone set to work at once ; he was frank enough. He sang them " Oh du, moin holder Abendstern " from " Tannhiiuser" — a young lady in spectacles accompanying him ; and then he himself sat down at the piano, and sang — Fern In die Welt, Wuit, welt vcr. dir,' Stralilct deia Btld Tiet. tlef in mir. (to be continued.) 