| OF OUR BOVtcc ;J love the ruig a |, , k" «l-« rtn-!; f„tn ' ' roSK <;y- i» i or a m m i bar. i.. r..ni 111 nr-Je s bwuf tfarai UmsA. Jtut a couplflof uund. wrtl. Miller Aud my iiittinpchall bedean; ' f There', nothing- fnlow the belt with me . ' Iwuniuiudrahuge mean. ' the touch of a vanished -hana. wuordMih matcbleaa power. poetalilte poor "on t conu until every shower. P«nh«J Miller ard. aaatei.-WSE ne unea a blow to a nicety. And drives it home o straight. He has seldom faced the music, Yet I for one don't doubt That if he met black Jackson He’d knock the darkie out. The man whom Billy Farnan Knocked out with a single blow, When matched with a crack like Miller Wouldn’t stand the ghost of a show. Now I’ll wash my hands of the heavy weight, And turn to a lighter stream, For the face of Peter Newton Springs up as in a dream. I shall not soon fo.get hhn, Nor toe firat time tliat we met. . Nor the »vage strokes of his left hand. Faith ! X fancy I feel them yet. I vrae only a young beginner, And "Pater was just in his glory. And toe way that he turned uie inside out, W ito me m a jiainful story. Mick Nalbon Jauglied as he rubbed me down And said with a knowiug wiuk, "You amateurs arc often good. But never so good as you tmafc." < J ' I tednm Peter Newton's as good w-f As the beat we've got : Hislieart is as big as ins body. And both his left and right are hot. I'd like to see him matched with Green The Adelaide boxing Iricg. ' Twould bring a pot of money On both sides of the ring. 21y fancy goes with Newton, But some of Green's friends swear nay; Now what will Peter Newton j And his backers have to say? | Tiie heavy and the middle weights i Have passed across the scene, I And I must get a feather weight, To finish with, X ween. I Jack King most takes my fancy, Of all the boye about; He's neat, aod clean, and plucky, And takes some knocking out. He's gome amongst the game ones, And dodges like a floso ; j He's pare Victorian mettle Aud fights with life and dash. But my hands are getting weary, And 111 have to cry enough, | For I'm trained on chicken gruel I And it's far from staying Btuff. I Alt. Hales, | Bendigo Hospital. i 