public complaints. ALLEGED UNFAIRNESS OF A ' PREACHER. REV. DR. PORTER AND BAPTISM. Tho Rev Dr Porter writes ns follows in reply to "J. A. 'a" complaints published in our iuiuo of Saturday I am sure that you will do me tho justico to allow a reply to 4 J. A,V com- plaint of my uufairneM. Thero wero 1500 people at tho meeting to which he refers. I can undertake to furnish tho signatures of 1000 persons who Wero present willing to testify that I neither nbuHcn tho Methodic!., 'J. A.,' nor the immersed believers who go to other churches. Tticy will further testify that I did not call out his namo in an offensive manner. 4 J. A.' asked for what ho got. and evi dently did not enjoy. IIo asked me to preacn from Acts i., 5th chapter, and with the request enclosed a tract, also cilling upon mo as a believer in water baptism to prove from tho Scriptures that the apostles baptised one person with water after the Iloly Spirit camo upon them. In my discourse I stated that thero was much confusion in tho minds of many Christian!! about tho noly Spirit, as evidenced in their prayers asking God to scud His Holy Spirit when God had dono this on tho day of Pentecost. It wero as proper for thu disciples of tho Lord Jesus in thu Jiays of His flesh to nuk God to send His son into tho world as to ask 1 timuow to scud thu Holy Spirit. I also said that there was no warrant, iu tiio Epistles of tho New Testament to jmiy for tho baptism of tho Holy Ghost ; that if wo re move thu hindrances ns taught, wo will bo fitted with tho spirit. Eph. v., 18. I never mentioned tho Methodists, nor any other body of Christians in this connection. I quoted Wesley's noto on 1 Cor, xii. 13, ns against 'J. A, 'and ho calls that abusing thu Methodists. I showed from his tract t hat lie charged tho Apostles with not remembering the command of tho Lord Jesus to baptise into thu nnmu of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, notrith- standing Cbristraid, Ho (tho Holy GhostjisliaU bring to your remembrance all thinon whatso ever I havo said unto von.1 Ho charges them with disloyalty to Christ, for ho says thoy never obeyed that command. Hu makes Paul disobedient f»' l«v.«axa,he was told not to cast a doubt upon -seating that it is 4 highly probable' that what is written in Matt, xxviii, 19, ought to bo some thing elso. I quoted from Wesley, ct al, as against ' J. A.,' and ho calls tins abusing him. I further stated that Christiana are required to let their light Shine before men, that baptised believers, seeking a homo iu churches that believe aud Sirnctico infant baptism, could not let tiieir ight on baptism shine without offence to such churches, and if they did not they were not pleasing their Master. I said that somo Coople liked to speak of tho churches of aptiscd believers ns little nud insignificant by comparison with tho churches tliat practicu infant baptism; but if tha thousands of baptised believers who nro now in pedo. Baptist churches would take thcirstand among thoso of like faith it would innke a great difference iu tho numerical strength of tliu churches which practice boltavers' baptism. This J. A. calls nbuee. _ From his stand nuint it may lie; from mine it simple truth. "J. A." complains that I would nob dehutu tho question with him. I havo simply to say that when I debatu uj>on such subjects it will bo a man w ho h;is more rcsjiect for tho word of God than ' J. A." Rectus to jiossess." 