MIOALAG®O. T (From an Occasional Correspoulcndt.) at Fon the past two or threo weeks the .? weather here has been exceptionally cold. s, The surrounding hills, as I write, are tl covered with snow ; and judging from the inclemency of the weather, the white tl coat that gives such a ghost-like appear- tl ance to their shaggy brow islikely to be much increased in depth before many , days. The wind still continues to come right direct from the' Snowy River; and those who are competent to judge declare that we are likely to have lots of the cold d element so long as the wind continues to came from the direction of cold Kiandra. f It is a very long time since so much snow has fallen in this locality. The old resi dents look on this fall as indicative of t coming prosperity. They are delighted to see it in such abundance, and declare 1 they have never had but bad seasons sincei the snow ceased, by its annualvisitation, t to invigorate and cool the delicate frame 1 and palpitant bosom of old mother earth. The last has been, for Micalago, as well as for other districts, a good season. The people are however anything but wealthy. Like the residents in general throughout the colony, they have been called upon to bear their proportionate share of the heavy pressure imposed by the bad sea sons for the past few years. They have done so courageously, and now look for ward with strong hopes of seeing soon their expectations realised and their great patience liberally rewarded. But although there is every appearance of good seasons and prosperity in the future, the present might, I think be much more satisfactory than it is, the weather is very cold, ,the hotels and storeS unusually quiet, and the people, seemingly at least, beginning to better understand and appreciate the value of money. In this, not "altogether satisfactory condition of local affairs, there is begin ning.to appear a bright spot that promises seem to shed over the somewhat clouded picture its golden ray. About eight or nine months ago some two miles from the township, two very practical and enter prising miners began prospecting. Not t many years since, in the same locality, a considerable quantity of payable gold was found by a private'company. For want of proper machinery these latter were 1 obliged togive up working. The present miners are far more persevering, and 3 from what I have been able to learn on o the best authority, there is every reason . to believe that their praiseworthy efforts are about to be crowned with success. Some of the stone (which is very easily found) lately crushed realised over two and a half ounces to the ton. One of the six shareholders of whom the com pany is formed lately sold, very foolishly f it is said, his claim in the mine for £75. Since then, a second shaft has been sunk, and the shareholders it is said from their comparative reticence, and the unusually strong interest they all seom to take in the matter lately it is firmly supposed that j they entertain strong hopes of a grand return. Should the mine succeed accord ing to expectation it will be a source of great wealth for the district, and will e generously repay the cost and patience of the persevering shareholders. . .. . . . . . . . . . . .. . 