CHAPTEB LVI, rSE CASE FOE THE DEFENHAST. On the resumption ol the oase, on the fol lowing morning, there was even a larger at tendance of the public than there had been on the first day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated the case for the defence as follows: “My lord, gentlemen of the jury—my learned friend began yesterday by telling you how deeply hiB heart was touched by the pathetic condition in which his olient has been placed by the defendant. I Bhall begin by telling you that my feelings also are in terested in this case, in as much as I cannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pre tensions of the plaintiff, based as they are upon the unwarrantable assumption that my olient, Sir Charles North, a gentleman widely known and esteemed, has leagued himself with one of the most respected solicitors of this city to defraud by means of forgery and perjury. For, if the aase for the plaintiff be true, these gentlemen must have entered into such a conspiracy, and been guilty of such crimes. I shall soon show you, however, upon how rotten a foundation this obarge is based, and how, in reality, the guilt is with those who make the charge. In the first place it is necessary to consider the olaim made by the plaintiff nnder the supposed will of which so much has been said. HiB lord ship will not fail to tell yon, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless you are thoroughly satisfied that this will is genuine, it will be your duty to return a verdiot for the defendant, without taking into your consideration the deed of transfer under which he now holds the pro perty at issue. I must ask you distinctly to understandthataverdictfor the defendant will in nowise bar any future olaim which may be made by persons fanoying themselves entitled under any other will, but will be merely an expression of opinion on your part that the williwe are now dealing with waB not made, Tredegar, tar .woiy^ot • genuine ex-C presran o^is last wishes.- For, I beg you) to redkark that it by no means follows, even if you axe satisfied that he executed that will, that it waB a bona-fide expression of his in tentions with reference to the disposal of his property. Our case is that he made many wills, with a view to deceive his solicitor, who now acts for the olaimant, and we con tend that, even if the will in [question were genuine, it was merely intended as a blind. But I am in hopes that I shall be able to show clearly that the will is merely an impu dent forgery. Let us now consider what the plain tiff's witnesses have to Eay with reference to this matter. Mr. Thistlethwaite says he prepared many wills for the deceased gentle man, thus admitting a most important faot. He also admitted that he had been in corres pondence with the plaintiff, and might have informed him of his father’s illness, and urged, him to aome over to England at “ Mr. ThiBtlethwaite did not say that he might have urged the plaintiff to come to England, he merely admitted that, as he was in correspondence with Stephen Tredegar, on other matters, at the time, he might have informed that gentleman of his father’s illnesB,” interjected Mr. Bump “My learned friend may be right," said Serjeant Jekyll, 11 but it is of no real oonse quence,for the witness admitted that a letter whioh was shown to him was apparently in nis- own handwriting, and that letter will show conclusively that, not only did he urge Stephen Tredegar to come over at once, but that he wrote to him for no other purpose. Let me now direct your attention to the pecu liar circumstances attendant upon the exe cution of this extraordinary will. The soli citor swears that the testator was too ill to speak in the presence of the witnesses; Jabez Hooker and John Stiles swear that it was read over to them before it was exeouted—a most unusual course of procedure, as His Lordship will tell you—and John Stiles swore that the room was eo dark that he could not well distinguish the features of the deoeased gentleman. These witnesses were compara tive strangers to the testator, being merely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had been the habit of dealing, who had been oalled in to witness the will because legaoies were left to all the servants of the household. This is a very convenient way of securing a body of useful allieB, and, at the same time, scouring.the absence'from the room of per sons intimately acquainted with the deoeased. What will you think, gentlemen, when I tell you that James Tredegar waB not in that room at all ?” Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill of ex pectation was noticeable throughout the court, the case was becoming exciting. Many eyes were turned on the Professor and Thistlethwaite, who exchanged a hurried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptious. They both looked pale and anxious, but Ser jeant Jekyll alone had noticed the slight start, and rapid interchange of glances, with whioh his announcement had been received by them. He resumed: “Yes, gentleman, inoredible as it may at first appear to you, I assert that James Tredegar had no more to do with that will than you or I. I do not impugn the testimony of the witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word they said, but they were deceived in supposing that James Tredegar signed that will, for the person who did it was his son, the plaintiff, Stephen Tredegar 1” This denunciation, the learned gentleman delivered with tremendous force, and, for a moment, the Professor, upon whom all eyes were turned, winced, as if under the lash of a whip. Whence had they derived the informa tion upon which this aocusation was founded? He knew not—he could not imagine how a secret only known to himself and Thistle thwaite had been betrayed. Turning to his lawyer who Bat by his side, he asked, by a glance, the question he dared not give utter ance to. Thistlethwaite, pale as a ghost, had yet presence of mind enough to Bhrug his shoulders, as if insinuating that tho aco isa tion was merely a trumped-up charge, or a piece with the rest of the cbbs for the defence. This pantomine did not occupy a minute, whilst the Berjeant was wiping hiB brow, and drinking some water. , “ Gentlemen of the jury," he continued, <• by a special act of Providenoe, wo have been placed in possession of the factB of this de testable conepiraoy; for the real truth of the impersonation was known only to the guilty parties themselves; but, out of their own mouths, we shall convict them. We might dose our case here, but I shall not rest until I have thoroughly convinced you of the truth and honor ot my esteemed client, Sir CharleB North, and his solicitor, Mr. Freeman. I shall produce witnesses who will swear to the signatures on the deed of transfer—experts, men of business and personal friends of the deceased, and I beliove that in face of their testimony, you will entertain no shadow of doubt that it iB a genuine document. You have been told that my olient and the late Mr. Tredegar speculated largely together, and that the various payments between the two gentlemen, whioh, we contend, were in pur suit of the contraot made by the deed of transfer, were, in reality, but incidental to such speculation. It happens, most nnfor j»-soi=l=—that ..thy bocks, of the brokor who was employed ay them, were des troyed, but we shall produae receipts and entries in ledgers whioh I think you will have no difficulty in acknowledging as genuine, and the important fact must not be overlooked by you that the payment of five thousand pounds was made at regular intervale by Sir Charles North, which could scarcely be the case if it were in pursuance of haphazard speculation in etookand shares. With reference to the theory that a large loan had been made by Tredegar to North, I shall only point out its extreme improba bility, as Sir Charles North’s banker will prove conclusively that he waa never in want of money within his (the banker’s) knowledge, and that his drafts would always have been honored to a very large amount in exoesB of his balance. The faos is that the case of the plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, as far as the deed of transfer is concerned. The theory of my learned friend involves the supposition, not only that more than one forgery has been com mitted by Sir Charles North, or at his in stance, and that various respeotable persons are willing to perjure themselves, but it also involves the supposition that a series ot coincidences have occurred which have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. ThiB is a violent assumption which would only bo warrantable if faatB supported it; as it is, it is the 1 baseless fabrio of a vision’—as airy and unsubstantial as a Will-o’-the-wisp. 1 will now—before dealing with the plaintiff's claim under the supposed will—proceed to establish our posi tion with reference to the deed of trans fer. Sir CharleB North then entered the witness box, and deposed that he was the defendant. Had known the late James Tredegar for many years, and been associated with him in many speculations. Received one day a letter from him (produced) in accordance with which the deed of transfer wbb prepared and executed. Sir Charles then gave a long explanation of all the circumstances of the ease known to the reader, and produced a number of reoeipta, letters, bank-books He was subjected to a prolonged cross examination by Mr. Bumptious, who strove in vain to make him loose hiB temper or contradict himself, and, on taking hiB seat, wbb congratulated by Serjeant Jekyll upon hia behaviour in the witness-box. Amongst" other questions, he had beau asked whother^ho had not sought to dotauh Dart and Alma Tredegar from their unolrf. Sir CharleB admitted that he had offered them a house, being satisfied that the Pro fessor had only borne the cost and trouble of their education for the purpose of ingratiat ing himBelf with his father; he added that in so doing he was merely carrying out the wishes of the elder Tredegar, who had urged him to adopt the children if he found them worthy. Sir Charles also said that, if he were euccesBfol in the Buit, it was his inten tion to divide the property equally be tween Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at once. This announcement caused some sensation in court, and Mr. Bumptious audibly re marked that it wae merely an attempt to cstoh the sympathies of the jury. The next witnesB was Mr. Freeman, who aleohad nothing to tell that is not known to the reader, and was likewise subjected to muoh badgering by the counsel for the plaintiff. Two alerks in the employ of Messrs Free man and Truelove then deposed that the signature of Thomaa Sumner to the deed of transfer was, in their opinion, genuine, and that the body of the instrument appeared also to be written by him. Sumner had been often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as he occupied the position of confidential olerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on account of bis dissipated habits, which had led to fre quent absenoee from the office, and late atten dance in the morning. Knew nothing else against him. The manager and the aooountant of the bank with which the late James Tredegar did business, swore that the eignature to the deed of transfer was, to the best of their belief, hiB ; and produced books . Bbowing entries of sums received and paid in connec tion with the dealings between the deceased and Sir Charles North. An official from Doctor's Commons now produaed the will under whioh the plaintiff claimed. Samuel Smithson, an expert of standing) was then examined. With reference to the deed of transfer, he was of opinion on com paring it with other doouments in the hand writing of Thomas Sumner that it was genuine. Being asked to look at the will he said that the eignature of Jamea Taedegar (attached to it) appeared also to bs raal, but, having learned that it waa supposed to have been written whilst the deceased gentleman wae speechless, and in extremis, he had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as a forgery. No man could, under such dream stances, write hia name in hie ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signa tures obtained under almost similiar circum stances, and in no single instance waB there one which bore more than a general Bhaky resemblanoe to the signatures of the persons whilst in health. Mr. Curtie then banded the witness some letters, and asked him to compare the writing and signatures, and say whether, in his opinion, they were all written by the same hand. Mr. Smithson examined them long and carefully, and said that they were most un doubtedly so written, adding that corrobora tive evidence was afforded by the paper which bore the same water-matx and the printed address at the commencement of the letters, in which the peculiarity might be noticed that the tail of the numeral " 2” was missing in all, thus showing that the type used had been broken, and that all had been printed at the same time. Mr. Bumptious asked to see the letters in question. “All in good time, my friend," said Mr. Curtis. “ One o! them is the letter from Thistlethwaite to the plaintiff, whioh has been already before the court. You will have an opportunity for inspecting them all presently." In cross-examining this witness, Mr. Bumptious strove hard to lessen the fact ot ! his testimony by asking him whether, after all, questions as to the genuineness of aigna- ' tutes were not merely matters of opinion, and whether it was not possible that other experts, ecjo&Wy; skilled with hirn?eli. nii^ht ( not hold a contrary opinion, to his etc., &o.; ( But Mr. Smithson was well used t j the witness-box, and had been asked questions too often to feel embarrassed, lie replied, after such fashion that Mr. Bump tious might as well have left the questions unasked. Another expert then gave similiar eviden ce, and was suffered to leave the box without cross-examination. To him succeeded a well-known physician of high standing, who swore that, in the condition that James Tradflgar was said to be, it would bo almost impossible for him to ase suoh muscular exertion as would be re quired to write his signature in his ordinary manner. “Might not,” asked Mr. Walton in cross axamination for the plaintiff. “ Might not a dying man brace himself to an effort under such circumstances, and write, for a minute, as usual 7” « Well, it is just possible, and that is all,” repUed tbewitneas., ._ , Another doctor gave similiar evidenoe, and then there was some stir in the court, as Mr. Cnrtis called “ Henry Lascelles.” 