MARRIAGE OE PASTOR OHINIQUY'S. DAUGHTER. CONTRADICTION OF THE RUMOURS OF HIS PERVER SION. (To ,the Editor, of the. Protestant .Standard.) ' My Dear Brother in Christ,— So many friends :frpui 'Australia have written: to .mo. , about the rumours pf, my, .death,. and; my, submission to the Popo, that! cannot answer thorn all, except by asking ..you,. tho favour ,.ofr reproducing the, enclosed address; in the ' columns' of ' your ' most interesting paper,.,. In. reading it; thoy.will see, 'I hope) that I 'am not' quite" ready',' to mako my peace, with tho idols of Ro mo. v- ' J .': : . My, friends iwill'ihelp '-me'also' to -Mess 'God, when I tell them that' a new 'priest-has just asked for' room iri the Oo'hvortod- Priests'' I Homo; ' > Lot them not only help me to bless God— for this : new manifestation of -his-meroios— but let them sPnd imbl'agath>idme'!bf rthocfumbsi.whioh fall' fromn their ctabloBl to help mo to i koop , up. .my "ConvertedjPriostsVHome." . , ; At j all fey?r..ts,:ole.t them/unite, ; their, /fervent, prayers, to, youMitp.thejjVIeroySeatjfpr mo,. \ j!?, , , ! _,;Your..for.erer,gr'atoful'ibrPth6rihOhrist. ' : I ''ni , IP- OHINlQUY/ : i St., Anne, Zaqkakee Go.,, Illinois, U.S;!A; V i -rV '20f:h'Augusti 1887.?' . ; i> -t.wiif.ni -CI » i i/Y'S j i" .V " Joskph ! -V' i ! ;The, third, of August, ,1887,,. will .bslohgirev membared in St. . Aqne. .Probably our towm, has never seen , so grand, and so.really beauti ful a. spectacle as; tfie marriage of. ;Miss Rebecca Chiniquy with the Rev/ Joseph Mroin, of Dowell, Massachusetts. f At 11 a.m., the bride, covered withher long white veil, left the " Converted Priest's Home," between her aged father aud mother. She was preceded by four young ladies, in white robes, carrying a splendid Bible covered with beautiful flowers. She was followed by a long Buite of relations and friends. The St. Anne Band, when opening the march to tho chapel, < was filling the echoes of our beauti ful hill with their sweetest and most joyful melodies.. The chapel was tastefully decora ted with maple trees and it waB literally crammed by the people. We would like to give in full the remark able address of Rev. Chiniquy, were we not prevented by the want of space : we can re produce only the few. following parts : " It was the usage, in the days of old, to crown the victors who were entering their cities when returning home from the battle field. Tuis is the reason why we have carried this Bible in trinmph and we have covered it with crowns of flowers to this house of prayer. It. is to that Bible that we owe the victories we have gained in the paBt,- against the most implacable enemy of the Gospel of Christ and the rights of man: It is in that Bible we have found the sharp sword which T has cut the ignominious and heavy chains J — which had so long kept ns the slaves of men : ' ! It is from that Bible and not from ourselves, i wo have got the strength and the wisdom we ,-r wanted, to fight the mighty battle of these A last thirty years ; it is to that Bible we owe to have conquored the glorious liberties F brought to us from hoavon by Christ ; and it ff is to that Bible we owe the joys of -this -. >, solemn hour. The respect I owe to the numerous Romaa: ,st Catholic and Protestant friends, who surround me here, as well as the respect I owe to my-;., ; self, impose upon me the duty of answering several questions which present themselves ? to the minds of everyone here. ; i "Before you were ordained a priest of ;r Rome, the 23rd of September, 1833, had you not sworn before God and man, that you would never marry ? Are you not ashamed f for having broken your sacred vows? Do v you not hear tho voice of your oonscianca , condemning you tb-day, when you stand here A , botwean your wife and your children, in our , presence, after having trampled under your ... /., feet such solemn oaths ?" Bofore answering these questions, allow me , to ask your views about the solemn and public oath taken by Herod, in favour of _ the r daughter of Herodias. Was he really obliged ; to cut off tho head of John tho Baptist when that infamous girl asked him to do.it ? You unanimously answer me that, not only , was Herod not obliged to fulfil his criminal oath, but that he committed a new crime by doing what he had sworn to do. You, then, acknowledge that there aro vows and oaths against the laws of God which must not be ; kept. Well, there has never been a more impious vow than the colibaoy of priests. Taat vow is against the most suored laws written by the hand of God not' only in the heart; but in every drop of man's blood ; it is in direot op position to the first solemn command of our Creator Open this holy Bible, and you will r read, "It is not good for man to be alone. Let us make him a help like unto himself." — : Genesis, Chap. II., verse 18. Have these . words over been retracted ? No! Never. All the echoes of hoaven and earth repeat again that sentence which fell from the very lips of God. " It ib not good for man to be -c alone, let us make bim'a hel p like unto himself." : > Has our Saviour, Jesus Christ, said anything - to make ns believe that Ho wanted to repeal- s those solemn words ? No, it is the contrary. ? It is only among married man that he selected his apostles, and far from ordering them to give np their wives, the gospel tells us positively that those holy apostles were not . only living with their wives when at home, but they were travelling with them when , delivering their divine message all over the world. Here is the unanswerable testimony : of St. Paul on tho subject: "Have we not power to eat and drink ?" " Have we not the ; power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well ; . as the other apostles, and as the brethren of Jesus Christ and Cephas, or I only and Barnabas have not we power to do this?" — ; I Oor. IX., 4— 5. Has not Christ told us, through his apostlesoj :that Marriage had been given as tho; best, if not the. only remedy against Sin? Let ,thpsev.? .of you who have any doubt about that, read this Divine Book, and they will cease to be , 0 'the. victims of Satan's lies on that subject. ... .Here are the words not of the Protestants, . but of the Holy Ghost : " To avoid f oraipaT tion, let. every man have his wife, and let. every woman have her husband."— I Cor. YIII., verse 2. But what will, perhaps, more surprise many of you, is that the Oburoh of Rome herself is , ah irrefutable witness that the vow of '"' celibacy doe's not come from God, but that itr , 'is a human, a diabolical ordinance. . All her-' historians acknowledge that her priests were .allowed to .be married during nearly 1000,, years,: even to-day,' those of her priests who ' live in Greece aud Asia, are married. It is a ' public fact, which not a single reap citable prieBt can ignore and deny to-day: When, at ' the great Council of Nice a biBhop proposed . that tho .priests should be forbidden to marry, - -that proposition was rejected by an almost ' unanimous vote. Then, I broke my vows of - j celibacy as Luther, Kaox, and thousands of , holy men did before mo, only when I saw clearly that they were not ordinances of God, but of man, or rather of the Devil. I gave up that celibacy when I was sure that it was not brought from heaven, by Christ, to sanctify and save ths world, but that it was brought., from hell to deceive and destroy souls.' I know some people say Mr. Chiniquy left the Onurch of Rome to get a wife : But those ' who think and say that, will see their mistake when they know that I left the Churoh of Rime in 1858, and that I got married only in" 1864\. . . The . marriage of my dear child is a more remarkable thing than many suspect. It is the first daughter of a priest of Rome who ia r publicly add solemnly offered on the Christian ' altar of marriage, by her father, in this great . Republic). This shows that the world is' moving on. ' At the end of the 8th and 9 th centuries, , when the Church of Rome began to forbid her priests to marry, she dragged to the 8caffold,' and burnt many of those priestB, who refused to obey her crnel law. She did not only, barn those unfortunate priests ; but she burnt their wives and children who re fused to submit to spend their liveB in the dark dungeonB with which she had covered the world, under the name of convents. If, to-day, I am saved, with the wife and children whom God has given me, from that horrible death, I owe ic this holy Gospel. There, it is written with the blood of the Lamb, that " Marriage is honourable in all" —Hebrew VIII, 4., and the Pope and hie bishops will not dare to lay their bloody bands on me nor on my wife and children, for we are here protected by the glorious American flag, which is floating to the breeze at the top of our steeple, and a million of heroes have written with their blood on that flag, the message brought by Ohrist from heaven : Liberty of Conscience ! 1 1 "With this Bible before our eyes, as a Lamp to guide our steps on this land of pilgrimage, and with the stare and stripes of the brave and the frco to protect our honour and our lives 1 to- day, there is nothing to mar our joys. Oh ! then, lend me your tongues to praise my Qod, lend me yonr hearts to love Him, for if left alone I can not bless and praise Him as I want." After that " Mr. Chiniquy remarked that, by a strange providence of God, the bride with her bridegroom had selected that third of August for the blessed day of their union, without knowing that it was the anniversary of the greatest triumph of the people of St. Anne against Rome. He gave us a graphio account of the last effort made, 29 years ago, by Bishop Duggan to bring back the people of St. Anne to the Church of Rome. After having told us how the Prelate had completely failed, ho recalled the prophetio words of Mr. Bechard who, seeing the bishop and his priests running away, went to the platform and cried out : " Hurrah for St. Anne, the burial ground of the tyranny of the Bishops of Rome- in America." And ho told us how the five thousand converts from Rome who sur rounded the ambassador of the Pope in that solemn hour, had made the echoes repeat these prophetical words : " Hurrah for 'St. Anne, the burial ground of the tyranny of the Bishops of the Church of Rome."® It was only after this that the imposing and solemn ceremonies of the Christian marriage took place. They were followed by one of our sweetest French hymns sung by twenty young ladies, to ask the benediction of Heaven on the happy couple. The band, heading again the procession on its going back from the church to the parsonage, gave us anew some of their most melodious music. The magnificent Bible, just presented to the bride by her father, was again carried in triumph as the great " Conqueror of Souls." Then the eldere and their ladies, with the brother and relations of Mr. Chiniquy sat at the dinner table. A little before five, sur rounded by the multitude of their friends and well wishers, the Rev. Mr. Morin with his rich and precious prize, took the train to go back to his congregation of converts at Lowell, Massachusetts, where the most hearty wel come was in store for both. ® Note. — The terrible humiliations and dis appointments of Bishop Duggan, on that day, gave suoh a shock to his mind that the balance of bis intelligence was forever lost. Not long after, he bad to be sent to the Lunatic Asylum of St, Louis, where he is still shut up among the unfortunate idiots of that Institution. — Reprint from looal paper. 