MB. BTEVENSOIN FPOsMB. (THE TIMES ) As a writer of prnee Mr. Stevenson has oUR since seoured a very high position ; a pooitoo, in faoot, so high that those who caro for literatore Ba such do not willingly pasa by anything that he writes. Whrther it be a sty or an ossay, the description of a fight at sea or fugitives crawling over a .,otch moor ntder a blazing August sun, a series of SterolihO meditations os he diops dowo a French river ito his canoe, or a bit of choloely-told biography-whatever he touches be touches with the hand of a master. Hoe speaks as a man to men oand as a boy to boys, and broathi over all he writes that air which is most often missing int the workes of moden men of letters, the air of living experience mod intense reality. A?d now he comes boforf the world with a little, tahin volumo of erese. and those whoeo admiration of his eork has been steadily growing till now must look upon the experiment with inserest. and eeon with anxiety. It is not, Indeed, his first expriment in poetry ; he has already published "A Child's Garden of Verees," very charming and Individual, but not no serious an effort as this. We may say at once that, did it stand alone, there would be nothing in the volume before onus to make the author fear criticism, but, ove n if thoee were, his psthetol dedication would, disarm it For the book is dedioated to a whole college of ph)sioiann-to all those dootre whose oheerfulness and courage and ski I have helped the writer through a weary fight against long and disabling illness. But illness has left no traces in the book, save mh.- here and there it has touched a nace with iodeofinabloe melocholy, or has brought for a moment into sharp contrast the writer'. joy in living nod his knowledge that "the w ilows of the Styx" are not far distant The modern doctors are beginning to wonder whether genius is not always accompanied by one or other forto of disease ; whether the fire which breathro through the utterances of writers of real imagination is not always accompanied by some slightly nlnormal physical state, some quickening of the pulse beyond what ordinary health allows. We will leave this question to Mr. Stevenson's doctors to settle among them selves; but of this we have no doubt, that his little volume of 1.10 pages is a book of genius. It is equal to the author's prose i? is charming from end to end, lightly and truly touched throughout, and instinct with the oersonal character of the writer. It is true that he calls it " Underwoods," taking the title from Ben Jonson, and, with a pleasing humour, he introduces it in the following quatrain: Of all my verse like not a single line, nut like my title, fr.,r i It n5. mine That tilte from a ettesr man I mtfote Ah b how muoh btter hb d I est I'o thb whole I Nothinog could be nester; but Mr. Steven. son most not expect his readers to agree with him. Ben Jonson was a great writer; but among the many reasons of hiagreatnese was the fact that he was himsseif. And this is jost what Mr. Stevenson is, a man who has in his hands a personal and individual gift with which to present his country The gift is his own, and that is why it is valued. The note of the volume is struck in a delightful little stanze, printed by itself 'vithout title Ping clearller, !lure, or evermore be still, Sng tsoer .r n. .ronger stt, I No mun the volne of nelancheol Jsquer To wake a weepnso echro tae hill ;i Bat a the coy. 'he plrats of tbhe rpelng. From the g cen ea living linlet tiken, One e atural v.rse recapture -ther be still. " One natural verse"-that is what Mr. Stevenson has given nu. and it is the natural ness of what he writes that is its leading quality. His poems are the straightforward utterance of a thoroughly sane and, at the same time, exqusitely sensitive mind. It cannotbe said tnat he ha bhorn oninfluenced by the other poetry of the time. for he is a man of letters who has read widely as he has felt deeply; but he is entirely free from one-sidedness, from loving a fancy just because it is recondite, from that going after strange rhymes and other torturiogs of speech which is the fault of so many of the distinguished poets of the present day. Mr. Stevenson euggests literary associations in abundance, but they are of the beet sort. They are, if we may use a phrase much in favour with Mr. Matthew Arnold "of the centre." Here and there Mr. Arnold himself is soggested, especially through Mr. Stevenson's fondness for that simple octo.syllabio couplet in which the older poot has written so much and so well. Now and then we have a line that recalls Wordaworth, such as "The incomparable pomp of eve ;" one poem, "To a Gardener,' is almost pure Herrick; and most of the poems in the Scotch dialect which fill the latter half of the volume are a literal carrying out of the old Lowland verse tradition, though they remind us of Fergusson rather than of Burns. But all this is just as it should be, and the literary suggestions are such as really to enrich the volume rather than, as is so often the case, to obscure the author's own individuality. It is time, however, to give a few examples of Mr. S:eveneon's vereo. Here is his cheery little Envoy, which, to be sure, pictures a very delightful framework of .life in a delightful way : 0o, littls hOk,. and wldb to .al Flowsn In she garden, met In the hall, A ble of tin. aspice of wit. A house with IewnsenolosIng It, A Ilvtns rive by thebs oor, A nghttonal'e lu thes ao more. More ambitions is " The House Beautiful," in which the poet gives in a couple of pages a sketah of the beauty of the ehasging seasons, than wnich it would be dificutlt to find any in literature at once more simple and more tue. A nased houe, a naked moor, A shlrvesl poll before the doer, Atalden bae sf flowers and fult, And pop are at the garden fo : lob I s sbs p!aes thas I live In. Blseak without and tbarse wlthlo. Yet shall your nrased moor eceive Skhe Inomarabls pomp o eves, And the cold a or1.4 o the dawn Pehlnd your shireinog trees be dran; And heon he wlna from plaIe to plae Doth the onmomeored cloud aflreons ohbas, Yonur waude gloom and rleam ag?sl, With leaplos sue. nhh ulu?ntc raein, uHershal the wlatad mun aeeied The heavens, in tee crlm on end 0f dan'd neeltoleg splendonr i bere he army tl f the es a...ppar. The neltbbon. hollwn, dry or et, pster shall with tnoder 0,wen besot And ot lebs mote tom musertee Larks llsng Irom tOhs brom tea. and versy fairy whest and throaed o01 cobweb dew.bedtamonded. When dalsi so. shli wtller Use Btter the tImpl pgrw 'wl h sime; Autumnal trlet, schano tIn pool and mes thes cart ruts beautifull; And when now.-blsht thebs moor expands. now shall youor chlldrn clap thslt hands I To moke this earth, un termltag, • A rheberll and a ohs?gsll paes. God's brilghlt an intltote drviei f01 day a d Mseason doth snies. We have already mentioned the verses "To a Gardener ;' we might, did apace permit, follow it with the admirably vigo roues versos entitled "Our Lady of thn Snows" (No. 2:3), In which this lover of life, in all its variety and rigour, contrasts his own ideal with that of the monks who, "aloof. unhelpful, and unkoind," exist far away in their monastery among the moon. talus. Still better worth quoting, because more personal in interaest, are the fine versese "To my Father" (No. ?8t-that Is, to the late Mr. Thomas Stevenson, well. known throughout Scotland as a dietln. guitsbed Oengineer and builder of light. houses. Pae'- s,"d her hges iolvs on o tteos oe.ass Puet- diy home ; Innumerable salts Dawn on thebs lar hol.n and draw netar I ruesrhle 'orves, uncounotd bhopes T onr writtt mO t, ut d.ktItg nowgeappr?ac ; N ot no. ,snre., saine- thou and thsl,,e te ther: And brlcht on the lones Ile. tbhe foundered reef hbs loneg, rsouadlug tot, lad Pharos stanos rhao are thy wrbsL. 0 sfather, thoe thy crown• Wheher on htah tbhe at bes pure, they helu Atlon he shyllowh g cnrt,?n ld all nlght Among the ullthumll ed .ras o0 Ood they shines Or whebother ogo arise and Ifar and wide The Inew m-l.vel drotwn-euh fnd a toense And ilt nltteghln ng hb olllg bell rreon?sa' on shlie, so toll till tlght t, e.etpss, TIll thes stas vsanish. :11 Ine sun esturln,, And In th haven ildes the iset ecu. In thebs lretbor, thsesamn It hIs skln lON threoulb ths nletuohllo bay, to whret the towe Its rarliet moLke lateo thesalr eb 'eabrhe And the rough hlrnl vltmh ale's the teeth . To the tgg'.t re thebs dllstlt saehn pnsks Ths ,h'ip IIs aeS log shre. by eisl and sott Iheou and thy tlila bass lsd hlr Ilia athtld. Il.h..huano. done, s. d - - I b. bae.l mUse illb, t UAWhee, nd oul re t Wind ha', 8 m, .hicatisn plillhmse. Ve are very much mistaken if this abhort pofm, admirable alike in tboetechniquo oftita verse and in the thorght and its expresalon, I not destined to ltak its place among the po me that will live. IuAlf the volume in, as we have said, written in in the Scotch dialrect, and the due. apprcoiation cf these poems wo must leaver for Sootoh readers. EnFlishmen, however, will be perhape more chiarmed than the' ecrsitive Scotch with tle , ote in which Mr. Stecenpon deicribeo Iis difficultiesa in handling his native diacleot, and the mortal lear in which hbe ustaods of the critics who will distineugeh the Scotch of Lauderdalo from the Scotch nl Angus, and both these fro , that of the Lothianc. " Lot the pre oi hiens," he writes, "call my etp ech that of' the Lotl.ians. And if it be not pure, alas I what matters It ? The day draws near when this illustrious and mall, able tongue shall be quite forgotten; and liarnu's Ayrshire and Dr. "Maclonald's Aberdeen- Awa', and Scott's brave metronolitao utterance will be all equally the ghosts of speech. Tillthen 1 would love to have my' hour as a native Maker, asod be read by my own countryfolk in nor own dying language, -an ombiion Purely rather of the heart than of he head, so restricted as it is in prosppect of endurance, so parochial in bounds ef space." We will content onr" nelvti with but one example of these Scotch poeme, and that the poem which requires onat aid from the glossary-bhe pathetic lisle song in which the author utters once more the old cry about the death of friends. Wi'seo nweeo me oth for age so' )onth AOtd Itthrovkb .' .n. do.Ial, Tba* tbe dtarept trl-ndR Tio the suldest fllands It lc hardly pessible-in there days it s la . A,.d toe young -'e Just on trial. •Oibeis'a . iva beuad olucvg as' auld Acd hW him 1h., h.. bteles -; events-th .t an author uld take b plarind ce And the maist ao mss ir s me at we heward with ad clm on te ndground offill anti well a- k to ground of quality. AnSe d the ga-'s mthe8. Nsa o eek ow.ver It Is hardly por Colli; e-in the days atter ofall. profante -that n authoer hould take his pn.ace among the great 'poests unless he comes for ward with a me m who have the grmiorund ne quantity as ell a. e willground nof q vaiy. Ma mut couand trictly foper something, and Mr. Stevenson has little book aboutre, oweverod a it. has colday be. Clt ilite nor foature matter ow that, Catlilus or even Horace-if it is not prlimitne to menlasti of mode ld workers n. gems with the men who havethe misfort of. to hem. of today. We will not make vain comparisons but we will say that, within. its limited and strictly personal range, Mr. Stevenson's little hook is about as good as it could be. it is literature, and to how limited a class of modern books that word belongs those know best who read moat of. them. 