CONGREGATIONALISM IN ENGLAND. ADDRESS BY DR. DALE. On Tuesday evening, September 27, Dr. Dale, of Birmingham, delivered an address in Stow Church on " The History of Congregationalism in England during tbe Last Fifty Years." The Rev. \V, K. Fletcher presided over a large audience, and the meeting commenced by the choir singing the aathem, AU ye Nations Praise the Lord." The CHAIRMAN, in hiB opening remarks, said that happily the victory of religious equality had been won here, but he hoped that the interests of the Congregationalists of South Australia in the struggle taking place in England—which struggle was destined to be repeated among all the nations of Europe —would not grow less and leBs, and that they would look forward with confidence to the time when in every land religion woald be set fiee from State patronage and control. (Hear, hear.) Dr. DALE said he was afraid he had been unfortunate in the selection of a title for the address, aa Mr, Fletcher evidently imagined that he was going to tell the story of the struggle whioh had been going on in England during the lastfifty years for religious equality; bnt it had never occurred to him to Bay one word about it. The history of English Congregationalism was one thing and the history of the Btrugele for religious equali ty— although the Congregational body took part in it—was another. It had been hiB good or evil fortune to have his name rather intimately connected with that great conflict, but in reality the matter had occupied a very inconsiderable portion of his time, thought, or interest. What he proposed to speak about was " The History of the Internal Life of the Congregational Churches," for he felt it might be interesting to them to know something about the changes which had taken place in the customs and modes of wot ship, in the preaching, theology, and general life of those associated with the Congregational Churches duiingthelaBt fifty years. Let him first refer to the relative strength of Corgreeationalism to the population of England and Wales in 1837 and in 1867. In the year when the Queen came to the throne the estimated population of England was about 14,000,000, in 1887 the estimated population was 26,000^000. The Congregational Chapels in Enaland in 1S37 numbered 1,850; in 1887 the number was 3,300, so that the nu mber in proportion to the population was Blightly less at the present moment than fifty years ago. But the accommodation provided in these buildings for the purposes of religious instruction and worship was, he believed, very much larger now than fifty years ago. Many of the Church buildings which in 1S37 held 400 or 500 people had been enlarged and rebuilt and could now accommodate 1,000 people or more. Nearly all the new buildings were considerably larger than those erected duringthe first decades of the centnry. How much more accommodation was provided now it was impossible for him to say or even roughly estimate, for Congregationalists in England had a most wholesome dread of central authorities, and if the Secretary of the Congregational Union sent out a circular inviting a return of the accommodation which the Church bnildinga provided, he was sure that two-thirds of them would go into the waBte-paper basket, and the Noncon- formist, Independent, and G'Aristfan World would be filled for a few weeks with letters from indignant country correspondents. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) In Walesinl837thepopulation was about 860,000 and in 1887 about 1,500,000, or not quite double. In 1837 there were 450 Congregational Chapels in Wales, and in 1887 there were 999, BO that the number had considerably more than doubled. (Hear, hear.) Great changeB had taken place in the style of Church buildings. In 1837 there were very few buildings of Gothic architecture; he doubted whether there were half a dozen Congregational Churches which had spires and towers, and he was not sure that there was one. In the majority of the new Churches there waa an attempt, not alwayB successful, as he ventured to think, to illustrate the ecclesiastical style, fie ventured to doubt whether, the change had been wholly wise. It was possible to use the Gothic for any purpose, but most architects and Building Committees seemed to think that if they erected a Gothic building for congregational worship they must make it as like as possible to the ancient parish ChurcheB of England. These old Churches were admirable for the purpose for which they were erected, but were not suitable for Congregational Church services. 1'heir services were not spectacular, nor did they need any long aisles for religious processions. They wanted a hall in which every person could see the minister and the minister could make every person hear without difficulty. (Hear, hear.) What their fate had ibeen with regard to Church architecture in this colony he could not say, but the Congregational Churches in England during the last fifty years had been built more or less beautiful to look at outside. But then Churches were intended mainly for the people inside, and they were almost n orthless for that object. A Congregational Church was utterly ruined if placed in a building in which it was hard to preach, A lolty Gothic roof might be more beautiful than a flat one, but in nine cases out of ten tbe preacher had the best chance in a building with a fiat roof. He waa thankful that he preached in a building with a Hat icoL It was not architecturally beautiful, but it answered its purpose better than if it were stately as the Cathedral of York or Lincoln. {Bear, hear.) Then, what about th:ir services. On the whole they had changed for the better, though all the changes had neither been very intelligent nor successful. When he began to preach they had tbe "usual" service. When he asked what order of services he should foliow—a question which he did not ask so often now aB he did thirty years ago, because he thought a little freedom about the order of the services was an advantage, and he had come to think he might take his own way about it, but when he did ask he was generally told "the usual order." That usual order was, firBt the congregation sang a hymn, then the Scriptures were read, then came what was commonly called the long prayer, then they sang again, then followed the sermon, then singing, a shoit prayer, and the Benediction. Sometimes a short prajer was offered at the opening of the services. A few years ago eome ministers began to oiler a short prayer before the sermon, and about the Bame time the long prayer, which occupied twenty or twenty-five minutes, was divided into two. The sermon occupied usually fifty minutes at least, and in the evening usually longer. The long prayer being divided into two, and with the short prayer at the commencement, made three prayers instead of one, with which their fathers had been satisfied. In connection with this change there was an attempt which deserved most serious, thoughtful, and devout consideration—to give a more liturgical character to the service. He had the impreBsion that that change had on the whole been a disastrous one. They had more dignity perhaps in the form and perhaps in the substance of their worship than they had thirty or forty years ago, but less of pasBion. Each kind of public prayer had its advantages. There were qualities in literature which could not be reached by extemporaneous prayer. There were qualities in extemporaneous prayer when he who led the devotions of a devout people was tilled with the Holy Ghost that no literature, however beautiful or stately, could ever rival. He believed that the attempt to blend the characteristic qualities of the two wonld always be a failure. Their fathers did not consider the aesthetic qualities of prayer. They did not consider whether it was the land of composition that would touch the sentiments of thoBe who listened. In their best days they were absorbed in the thought of God's infinite grace and power on the one hand, aid the sore need of the people on whose behalf they were interceding on the other. All dignity of thought was forgotten in the intensity of passion with which they appealed to God to have mercy on His people and to bless them. Now he thought a long prayer gave a man whose heart was really touched by the spirit of God much larger freedom than the shorter prayers whish had taken its place—(Hear, hear)—and although it might be said that long prayers were sometimes wearisome he was inclined to think that if a Christian Church had caught the spirit of praver, believed that God was near, and that in fellowship with Christ it might find access to Him, the complaints about long prayers would be likely to disappear; and for hiB own part he was inclined to think that during the next twenty or thirty years they would return to the practice of their fathers. (Applause). The moBt remarkable change in their worship had been in their pBalmody. Some of them perhaps remembered when they sang Dr. Watts's psalms and hymns, the hymns being in three books, with Watts's supplement in use in some of their Churches. Few ever thought what wonderful service Watts rendered to the Churches of the Englishspeaking race. Practically he Invented the hymn. There were a few in the English language before, but very few indeed. He doubted whether there were so good hymns before Watts published his hymns. There were psalma, but hymns were practically Invented by Watts, and be produced such a large number of excellent hymns that for 150 years the Congregational Churches on both sides of the Atlantic were satisfied to sing them only. That was a wonderful achievement. But their fathers began to feel that it was wise to avail themselves more freely of hymna that devout hearts had been uupired by GCHI to write in later times. In 1833, immediately ; 3ftft isugates ?J fes ffSPSre^B&l; Union of England and Wales, the Union decided to prepare a supplement that should be a supplement to Watta, That supplement was issued in 1837. Josiah Condor, father of his friend I>r. Eustace Conder, of Leeds, was the responsible editor, and the collection contained some of his own hymns. There were 620 hymns in the new supplement, of which ISO were for domestic and private use. Of course there were some people who resented the interference with the supremacy of Isaac Watts, and just as Watts had a hard fight to get his hymns 8ung, eo fifty years ago the people had a hard fiRht to get other hymns sung. They had perhaps heard of the witticism of a famous lady in Watta's days who described hiB hymns as " Watta'e whims." That was the general feeling in those days. Fifteen years later the New Congregational Hymnbaok was issued, including the hymns of Watta's most in use. That book was edited by a committee, and he could imagine no surer ir.ethod of producing a bad book than by asking a committee to edit it. (Laughter.) It was produced at a time when the religious lite of their Churches was very cold. He was glad that the Congregational Union bad recently issued a new hymn-bock, for he believed that the coldness of what was known as the Congregational hymn-book, issued thirty years ago, had very seriously lessened the fire of devotion in some of their Churches and discouraged some of the nobler forms uf relicious lite amongst them. He had no doubt that the new book was infinitely better than the old oue. The "Supplement" was an attempt to correct some of the defects of the original book. In Borne respects their recent hymnology was open to oriticism. The most popular ot their modern hymns were soft-sighing, sentimental hymns—hymns about themselves and the infirmities and imperfections of human life. Their spiritual mutic was for the most part in the minor key. With the exception of two or three, among whom Mr. T. H. Gill was conspicuous, modern writers seemed to know very little of the triumphant blessedness of restoration to God through Christ. There was a great want of noble hymns celebrating the divine greatness and the divine glory. Passing from the hymns to the music, there had been a great change. Fifty years ago there were bat few organs in their Cliurches at home. In country Churchcs they bad violins aud flates and double basses, and the congregations sang with infinitely more fire to string bands than to an organ; and if they could only get a good string band to lead their singing they would have singing of a far more intense and rejoicing character than was within reach at present. (Cheers.) But the violins and double basses and flutes were apt at times to be a little grotesque, and they were gradually going out. They had to rely on a dozen people if they had a band, but they had to deal with only one man if they had an organ ; and such was the delicate sensitiveness of the musical temperament that in some cases one man was quite enough to tax the energies and to test the sagacity of the authorities of the Church. (Laughter.) Since then organs had come in. Th9n fifty years ago they had a set of tunes that had almost entirely disappeared. Some of them were very riotous and some very vulgar. He remembered bis father used to go about the house nearly always humming the tune which he had sung on Sunday. People liked to Bing. They did not fiud people going about singing hymns to tuDes that Dr. Allon introduced, but now they had a change for the better. Fifty yearB ago, just as eome thought they should have ecclesiastical architecture, some thought they should have ecclesiastical mueic, and the consequence was that hymns that Btt congregations on fire at that time had to go, and instead came hymns exceedingly proper, extremely dignified, and extremely dull. But they had another change in the last twenty-five years, and he hoped they would have the fire and brightness soon without the riot and vulgarity that they had forsaken. It was only fair to acknowledge that Mr. Wait, Mr. Curwen, and Dr. Allon had rendered very great service, and the later part of Dr. Allon's "Congregational Psalmist" gave them a different conception of what Congregational music ought to be in the different parte,5 Meanwhile anthems had come into use. When he had anthems in his Chnrch some of the people were troubled. What troubled them was that in the course of the anthem there was a tenor, a treble, a contralto, or bass solo. It seemed inconsistent with worship. He had to remind them that in prayer there waB only one voice heard, and they could worship God following what was said, and that for his own part he could not understand why they should not ba able to worship God in an anthem. One of the best of his people, who greatly resented the anthem for a time, was converted at last. She told him how she bccame converted. He did not know whether it was comulimentary, but she said, " I have noticed what an effect the anthem has upon your spirit and upon jour thought in the prayer that immediately follows it. It reminds me of the effect of David's harp upon Saul.'' (Laughter.) He was quite satisfied, and perhaps she was nearer the truth than Bhe sapposed. Then they had also come to have a great deal of chanting in their worshiD— chanting of Psalms, an;J chanting of canticles. About the musical merits of chants he would not venture to speak, although it seemed to him that the rhythm of music required hythmioal words, and that it was inartistic to sing mere prose to any music whatever. That he would not discuss. He would speak of a far more important matter. The words of many of tbe Psalms and canticles sung in their congregations seemed to him wholly out of place. Supposing they had had a Psalmist during the last fifty years, inspired as David was, what would he have written? He would have written a sorrowful psalm on the sufferings of the soldiers in the Crimea, a psalm of triumph on the taking of Sebastouol; another psalm of sorrow on tbe Irish famine of 1815 1846, and a psalm of hope on the opening of the great Exhibition in 1851; there would have been a psalm for the Queen's coronation, one for her marriage, one for the death of Prince Albert, and another for her jubilee, and these would have gone into the Book of Psalms. But they would think it very absurd for a congregation a thousand years hence to be singing even inspired writings about the sufferings in the Crimea, the fall of the fortress of Sebaatopol, the Irish famine, the Exhibition, or the Queen's Coronation and Jubilee. Many of the Psalms celebrated similar events in the life of the Jewish people and their kings, and yet they went on singing them from day to day. That seemed to him unreasonable. Many of the canticles seemed very inappropriate. How beautiful was it for the mother of their Lord to eing " My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit doth rejoice in God, my Saviour, for He hath looked upon the low estate of His handmaiden, for behold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed." But what did those words mean on their lips? They were not the Lord's handmaidens; they had not received the dignity and grace of being the mother ot the Messiah. For old Simeon toeing, " Noar lettest thou thy servant depart in peice, O Lord, according to thy word," was beautiful, but for a congregation with hundreds of bright looking young women and robust young men, who hoped to live thirty or forty years to sing it, was surely a grotesque mockery of worship. (Hear, hear.) They might just as well sing at noon a hymn written for a midnight service. It was time that they served God with the understanding as well as with the spirit aud voice. (Hear, hear.) The preaching of Congrega, tional ministers in 1K87 was in many respects very different from the preaching of their predecessors in 1837. Of course, in that comparison he had to take the more conspicuous men as types of the rest, and he supposed that was a tolerably trust worthy method, tor the preachers who were accounted great at acy period in the history of the Church had an immense influence in determining the general style of their brethren. The address to the Q.ueen on her accession by what was called the general body of dissenting ministers of the three denominations in London and Westminster was presented at St. James's on July 21,1837, by the venerable John Clayton and, his son, George Clayton. They were representatives of a generation of Congregational ministers which was even then disappearing — dignified, stately, courteous gentlemen, raultless in their drefs, faultless in their manners, faultless in doctrine, faultless in character—devout men, but net very enthusiastic. They were the pastors of congregations consisting of prosperous middle-elate Christian people, who lived an easy unheroic life, and who believed that it was possible to make the best of both worlds. And those who believed that would, he ventured to think, make the best of neither. (Applause.) But the men who held the foremost places among the Congregational preachers of that time were men of quite another temper. William Jay was one of the most popular. He was a man of shrewd practical genius, who was not afraid to speak in a simple, frank, and homely style, which had a charm for all sorts of ueople. He (Dr. Dale) did not know how it might be in Australia, but the younger preachers at home when before a congregation of cultured peoplo were apt to uee fine words. He assured them that a half-educated congregation often liked tine words, but an audience in which there was real education preferred simple words. (Hear, hear.) He remembered preaching once at Dr. W. Lindsay Alexander's Church at Edinburgh, which was supposed to represent a great deal of intellectual culture. After the service a gentleman thanked him for his scrinon, and ad Jed, "Most of the men who come to Bpsak to us think we arc all M.A.'a. but we don't want to be reminded of our University standing on Sundays." (Hear, heir.) Wuli^ni Jiy.fitood alone. He represented no one but himself. His characteristic manner waB beyond imitation. The representative men were Dr. Rattles, of Liverpool, John Angell James, of Birmingham, Dr. Leuchild, of London, Andrew Reed, of London, who waB even more eminent as a philanthropist and founder of asylums than as a preacher, though he was a preacher of very remarkable power, and Dr. McAll, of Manchester, who died towards the end of 1837 or early in 1838, Dr. Hamilton and John Ely, of Leeds, and John Kelly, of Liverpool, were also distinguished for their efficiency as preachers, and Hamilton was distinguished for his scholarship. John Burnet, of Camberwell, was becoming known for the intellectual vigour of his sermons, and still more for the humour and eloquence of his speeches. John Campbell waB at the Tabernacle, but hiB extraordinary energv was as yet almost unsuspected. In 1837 I think that Dr. Vaughan was at Kensington, where he had a brilliant congregation. He had not yet achieved the position he held for many years before his death as a platform orator without an equal or a rival in the Congregational ministry. Among their theological scholars at that time Pye Smith was the moat eminent, but Dre. Bailey, Henderson, Fletcher, Bennett, and Redford were regarded, and rightly regarded, with great respect. Thomas Binney was comparatively young, but he was already recognised as a man of singular originality and force. Caleb Morris—a lets famous name— was at that time or soon after attracting to himself in the Chapel in Fetter-lane large numbers of themore thoughtful and cultivated of London Congregationalists. Mr. Binney and Mr. Caleb Morris were exerting a great influence over the younger ministers, and were assisting to change the character of Congregational preaching. The preaching of fifty years ago, speaking generally, had more of rhetorical brilliance in it than was common in the present time. It waB Ciceronian. The popular preachers liked to sweep along on 'a chariot of fire, and the fire blazed out most gloriously in the peroration. Most of them had given up perorations during the last twenty-five years. He did not say that they ought to do so. (Hear, hear.) In some sermons there was elaborate decoration, an almost Asiatic prolusion of imagery—though perhaps that was beginning to disappear—in England when this colony was founded. But even then preachers were as careful about the workmanship as about the metal of their sermons. They were sculptors, not mere quarrymen, Usually they did not read their sermons. Many wrote, and then learned what they had written; but some of them had great powers of impetuous, extemporaneous, popular eloquence. They excited their congregations, and when one of the more famous of them was to prea ;h a -nesial sermon away from home the chapel was often crowded an hour or two before the service. Of later years it had become general to attempt to preach what were called "thoughtful" eermons; and thoughtful sermons might just as well be read as spoken, ihe sermon had become too much like an essay, too little like a speech to a popular audience. The appeal to emotion was less frequent, or if there was any appeal at all it was to the softer and quieter kind of emotion. People did not crowd into a Church an hour or two before the service began to listen to preaching of that kind. (Hear, hear.) The best preaching among them was interesting, instructive, and devout rather than impassioned. Preaching of the popular kind had, he thought, more of humour in it than it had fifty years ago. Congregations were not afraid to laugh, and there were, he supposed, some preachers who were not careful to avoid saying things that raised a laugh. Fifty years ago a laugh in a sermon would have been regarded by Congregationalists as quite indecorous, inconsistent with the seriousness, or at least with the proprieties, of a religions service. In that respect they had gone back to the methods of a still earlier time. When George III. was King there were many witty and humorous preachers in the pulpit, pieachers of whom Matthew Wilks and Rowland Hill were conspicuous examples. They owed it, he imagined, to Mr. Spurgeon, who when he was younger sometimes said very keen and amusing things in his sermons, and did so now at times, that the older style had revived. It was not inconsistent with the intensest earnestness, but it was not without its dangers, and a man ought to be intensely in earnest for it to be safe for him to be humonrous in a sermon. (Hear, hear.) Passing from the mere intellectual and emotional elements of preaching to the substance of it, he thought it must be acknowledged that there had been during the last fifty years a very considerable change. There had been a general break up in the religious traditions of England, and Congregational Churches had been largely influenced by the currents of contemporary life and thought. They had been passing out of an old order into a new, and what the new order would be they were not quite certain. The change was far less deep and central than was sometimes imagined, but for the time there was great confusion, and a few years ago there was great alarm. The alarm had very much subsided, but the confusion still remained. Fifty years ago the Calvinistic theology still seemed to retain something of its ancient stability and solemn grandeur. The Evangelical clergy in the Fnglish Church were for the moat part Calvinistic, and though the best times of the Evangelicals were already over, the Evangelical clergy and the Evangelical laity were still, in religious fervour and energy, the most powerful party in the English Church. Among the free Evangelical Churches of England, with the exception, of course, of the Methodists, who lways abhored Calvinism, the Calvinistic form of faith was still generally acknowledged. In the Congregational Churches, however, there were already signs that it had begun to decay. The Calvinism of the Declaration of taith and Order adopted by the Congregational Union at its first meeting in 1834 was Calvinism of an exceedingly mild type. Its mildness created great dissatisfaction among the most robust theologians of the older sort. Richard Winter Hamilton, of Leeds, condemn ed the declaration strongly, and other men thought they saw in it ominons indications that Congregationalists weie drifting away from the faith of their fathers. It was drawn up by Dr. Redford, of Worcester, in consultation with Mr. James; and Mr. James, though as a student be had been trained in Calvinism, was touched in hisearly religious life by Methodist influences, and subsequently he followed with great interest the Calvinistic controversy in America between the two parties known as the old and the new school Presbyterians, which led to the temporary division of the Presbyterian Church in America, and his sympathies were wholly with the new school. He used some of the technical phraBes of Calvinism to the last, but he had put new wine into the old botties, and the wonder was that the bottles did not burst. Mr. James was rather a conspicuous illustration of the general change that was passing in their theological thought. Large numbers of the men of his generation were silently— some of them unconsciously—surrendering everything in Calvinism that was worth keeping, but they could not throw off the old language. The men that came after them gave up the language of Calvinism as well as its creed, and some of them fiercely assailed its more characteristic doctrines. Here and there Calvinism — real Calvinism — still remained, but speaking generally and broadly its living force had gone. They had lost something, they had lost much in losing it. It the days of its strength it filled men with the most august sense of the infinite greatness of God; and the true root of the greatness of man lay in the divine greatness. Tbe devout Calvinist had a God whom he could worship—for whom he had a devout fear, before whose infinite majesty he was sometimes obliged to lie prostrate in silent, awful wonder. He had a God whose eternal decrees gave transcendent dignity and absolute security to his personal life; and a God whose free, spontaneous grace inspired him with passionate love and devotion. Since parting with Calvinism many had come to have a mere good-natured God. He did not think, however, that in the cue of the men of that generation—the leaders of the Free Evangelical Churches in 1S37—the loss of Calvinism had any serious effect on the religious life. Their real theology, the theology on which they lived, was the theology of the revival. its great articles were the sinfulness of man, his peril if he did not repent, the death of Christ for the sins of the world, justification by faith, and the necessity of the new birth. These they kept, and in gradually parting with their traditional Calvinism they were conscious of no loss. But they discovered, and discovered with alarm,_ that the younger men seemed to be passing through a still more serious change. In IS 14 there appeared a series of articles in the Congregational Magazine in which this alarm was expressed. The articles were on Academical Theology, the Theology of the Study, and the Theology of the Pulpit. The students at one of the Congregational Colleges—grave, grey-bearded men now—were very angry. They passed resolutions denouncing the magazine, and banishing it from the College table. One of the resolutions pledged the students to recommend their friends in the Churches to give up subscribing for it. Of course the editor inserted these resolutions in hiB next number, and called upon his supporters to stand by him in what he regarded as a grave duty to the truth and to the Congregational Churches of the country, and this brought him letters from different parts of the kingdom, encouraging him to ba firm, and declaring that his charges were well founded. The students and the younger ministers thought that they were suffering cruel injustice, but on looking back he was inclined to think that the older men were 80 far in the right—that about that time a very real and substantial change was showing in the new generation of ministers. It was not a question of holding fast to Calvinism; it was a question of holding fast to the theology and to tbe traditions of the evangelistica! revival. The younger men might have said, *' We do not reject the doctrine of human sinfulness, or human peril, or the atonement, or justification by faith, or the new birtb; but the older men, could they have seen clearly how the matter stood, might have replied, " PerhapB not, but these truths do not bold the same place in your faith that they hold in ours. You hold them, but they inspire you with no passion, no wonder; you haven't that vision of the glory of Christ's redemption which fills our hearts with joy. The articles of our faith may be found in yours, but with you they have their place among a crowd of other beliefs, instead of being sceptred, crowned, enthroned, and ruling all your thoughts." To this charge it would have been difficult for the younger men to make any successful reply. And the older men might have gone on to say, " We have cared supremely about converting and saving men; there are some theological doctrines about which we have been doubtful, some of which we have modified, but about the central truths of our faith we have never had any doubt, and our great concern has been so to preach these absolutely certain things as to fill men with sorrow for sin and to prevail upon them to trust in the Lord Jesus Christ for eternal reaemotion. You seem to care more about resolving difficult questions of criticism and theology and about finding satisfactory definitions of doctrine than about saving human souls. Our chief concern has been in men; your chief concern is in trnth.'' In other words, tbey might have told their younger brethren that they were breaking with the traditions of tbe revival. And it soon became apparent that while the younger Congregational ministry believed that they held fast by the substance of the evangelical faith, the intellectual conception and expression of Christian doctrine which had satisfied the evangelical Churches was regarded by them as inade quate; and for forty years there had been going on a gradual process of change in their theological position, nor had they even now formed a clear, firm, and coherent theory of their faith. They would find it hard to draw np a Confession of Faith or a catechism. Yes; the most important change that had passed upon Congregational preaching during the last half-century was the result of the gradual disappearance of the traditions of the great evangelical revival. The leading preachers among them fifty years ago were children of the revival. Some of the influential ministers of that time were indeed the representatives of the elder Nonconformity, but the most popular men—men like James Parsons, Angell James, and Leifchild—were penetrated throngh and through with the spirit of that great movement which changed the religious condition of England in the last century. They had a profound conviction that men were in danger of an awful doom if they did not trust in the mercy of Christ, receive pardon of Bin, and the new life given in regeneration. They made a strenuous endeavour to convert men. In their sermons there was a direct, vehement appeal. They appealed to fear as well as to the conscience and to the kindlier affections of the human heart. Their theory was rarely to preach a sermon that might not have something in it to touch the hearts of sinful mtn and to lead them to faith in Christ. Gradually this passionate assault on the unconverted loot its fire, and preaching during the last fifty years had become more instructive and less evangelistic. It was said that the constant reiteration of evangelical truths was unnecessary. Again and again there had been attempts made to renew the fervour and methods of the evangelical revival, but, as a rule, they had been of a spasmodic character. Here and there hearts had been filled with love of God, and men had broken with sin as a result of those efforts ; but, speaking broadly, the attempt to renew and to repeat the evangelical revival of the last century had not succeeded. It could not in the nature of things be repeated. God never repeated Himself. That was wonderfully illustrated in the religious movements recorded in the Scriptures, as well as in Lutheranism, Puritanism, and the movement in which Whitfield and Wesley played such a prominent part. Those who desired to see the whole life of the Church rise to a clearer, loftier, and more blessed state—those who desired to see the Christian Gospel exerting eome of its old imperial power—must not suppose that those results were to be achieved by watching what was done by Whitfield and Wesley a hundred years ago. Tbey must appeal to the living God and a3k Him to teach them the way in which His work was to be done now. He had the warmest sympathy with those who sought to get the revival of the last century repeated ; but they should entreat God to teach them what was best. Men did not require a new gospel, but they required the old gospel to be preached by living contemporaries in their own Bpeech, eo as to touch the dangers and the sorrows by which they were environed. (Hear, hear.) He might further say in regard to the life of Congregationalists in England that there had been a departure from some of the traditions which controlled and governed the personal life of their fathers in the last century. The Independents a hundred years ago had a very definite character of their own, almost as definite as that which was illustrated in these days by the Society of Friends; but there came upon them the new traditions created by the evangelical revival, and those were the traditions which ruled Congregationalists of a devout order when this colony was founded. They lived a much simpler life than they lived now. The middle classes now were much richer in England thas they were fifty years ago; they gave larger entertainments, and mixed much more freely than they used to do with those who did not hold the Christian faith. Their ideas had considerably altered; many of them danced, many went to theatres, and he supposed all read novels. Fifty years ago a novel was regarded with the gravest suspicion. That tradition was justified by the general character of the novels of the eighteenth century, and people fifty years ago did not properly understand the great change which Scott had wrought in that field of literature. It seemed to him that the Victorian era had produced 4s rich a field of novels as the Elizabethan era had of dramas. (Hear, hear.) But when he considered the time devoted to novels that were utterly worthless he almost regretted that the old Congregational rigidity in respect of such works had passed away. (Hear, hear.) It might be doubtful whether family prayer was as universal in Congregational families as it was fifty years ago, and speaking briefly it appeared to him that they wanted to recover a conception of a method af life. Every method of life must gradually decay and be reconstructed with the changes in the civilization and social condition of a people, and unless a Christian Church had an ideal method of life which should be a certain authority most Christian people were apt to go astray. _ Christ governed men by principles, but it was necessary that they should take a concrete form. He trusted that as God renewed the spiritual energy of Congregationalists, as he believed he was doing in England, that they would come to a clearer intellectual conception of how the great laws which Christ had given for the guidance of His Church were to be better expressed in practical life. (Lond applause.) 