TOPICS OF THE DAY. it is surprising the amount of pressure necessary to bring to bear on Governments to carry out their own promised reforms. Government after Government comes into power with a profusion of promises and a " plan of campaign" in tho tvay of internal reform, and time after time these pledges are lightly broken and the promised reforms forgotten. The present Government is not as bad as some of its predecessors in this respect, but it is bad cnouglt in all conscience, and even its best friends must admit that in its: promised retrenchment it lias hardly kept faith with the electors. In several direc tions we soe.evidences of unnecessary public expenditure, and, in some instances, of expen diture that is wholly unjustifiable even in times of prosperity. But in a period of financial depression, when heavy taxation has to be levied, it is little less than criminal for n Government to spend money on works which are non-reproductive or not urgent. Take as an instance — and it is only one of many — the votc3 towards public parks. Nobody denies the good purpose which .this class of expenditure serves, but a time of depression is not the proper time to undertake work most of which could very well be deferred till better times. Even assuming for the Bake of argument that Parliament voted the moneys now being paid over for this work, we cannot overlook the fact that it was induced to do so under an assurance from the Treasurer that the revenue would yield a surplus of a million at the end of the present year. M'e know now that this has dwindled to- a prospect of only half a million and may dwindle still more, it is impossible, then, to justify un necessary expenditure in the face of a shrinking revenue ; and certainly if any mode of spending money can be classed ninong tbe least urgent it is tho ornamen tation nnd beautifying of pleasure grounds. Cannot the Minister for Mines see that he is aiding in the creation of a financial diffi culty which will create an opportunity for the Opposition 7 In another column appears a letter from Mr. C. H. Barton containing some practical suggestions which deserve consideration at the hands of our railway authorities. Mr. Barton makes the highly satisfactory state ment that the area of laud under wheat in New South Wales this season is sufficient to yield a crop capable of supplying the whole of the colony's wants. If this is so, the intercolonial trade is doomed, and Mr. Barton anticipates that it will not yield up the ghost without a " sharp struggle." Vested interests are always hard to kill. Under our freetrade tariff, however, they have no root in political soil, and that will make the question of dealing with them a perfectly simple one. Our correspondent suggests the running of grain trains from the interior, by which wheat could be carried in bulk, thereby effecting a saving in the cost of both freight and handling. In America, where the Hues are in the hands of private companies, this plan is acted upon for purely commercial reasons ; and if our Government by any means could manage to make cheap trains, as suggested by ottr correspondent, pay for themselves it is sound policy, botli from a commercial and political point of view, to make a special effort in that direc tion. Whatever we do, lot us not give the wheat importers an advantage over the local grower by any lack of legitimate enterprise in the management of our railways. That would be tantamount to subsidising monopoly, and monopoly in its worst form. It is the reverse of what we should look for from a freetrade Government. M r. Barton's suggestions, therefore, seeing that they arc couched in the language of an evidently practicni man, ought not to be put aside without fair consideration. Better give our farmeis tho protection of a tariff than our importers the deliberate protection of an obsolute railway system. For either the consumer would in the long run have to pay. A word of expostulation to Mr. Abigai about the issue of posthumous annual report by his department is no more than what is absolutely called for at the present juncture. This is no time to be offering its comparisons between tho mining returns of 18S5 and 188C. What the public will nowf imme diately begin to look out for is to see how 18SC is going to compare with 18S7. Having been obliged to subdue the fires of their curiosity with regard to last year's transactions up till the latter end of August, it would have imposed but a very slight additional tax upon their patience to have asked them to keep cool for four months longer and then we could have had the report of 18SS incorporated with that of 1S87. See what a saving that would havo effected in printing and bookbinding, not to speak of labor on tbe part of toiling officialdom. We are be ginning to conclude that it is quite too much to expect a report every year from the Mines Department. It has sometimes been hinted that this branch of the civil service contained more sinecure billets than any other in the colony. Tho present re port, eight months late in making its ap pearance, however, is in itself a sufficiently scornful commentary on this vulgar calumny. What does the document say? .Does it contain one word of apology for its tardy appearance? Not a syllable. But at the very outset the Under-Secretary makes the suggestive statement that " his efforts to re duce tho time occupied in dealing with appli cations to lease have not yet been rewarded with the success he anticipated." Now, 188G was a slack year in the Mines Depart ment. The number of applications to lease Crown lands received during that year was 936, or nearly 50 percent, less than in 1885\. And yet we don't get the annual ; report till the end of August, 1887, and the Under- Secretary's anticipations of increased speed in dealing . with applications have proved a delusion- and a snare: Serves the Under-Secretary right. Does ho imagine that a department which is rnshed about with tho production of an annual report within the phenomenal time that this one has been issued in is going to burst itself over attendiog to public applications for mining leases? Let there be reason even in red tape. Now that we have got the ancient record, however, a glance at some of its figures will be of interest. The year was not one of unqualified progress in our mineral develop ment. We unearthed less gold by upwards of £12,000 Worth than daring 188ft, which, year itself showed a decrease on the output of 18S4. Indeed, for the last five years this de cline has been steady and continuous. Again, we sold less coal than in 1885 and got a lower price for it, In copper production we lost ground to the extent of £97,255, in iron £0724, in antimony £915 and in " sundry minerals " £2493. The silver boom at tho Barrier is tho sole cause of our larger output last year, showing the increase of £153,352 over that of 1885. Other wise there would have been a doorcase. Much more of this paper increase, however, goes to augment tho wealth of South Aus tralia than of New South Wales ; so that intrinsically our mining account pro bably balances in favor of 1885 rather than against it, as the bald figures of tho report would indicate. Even the coke used in the Barrier furnaces is imported from England via South Australia. Nothing less than a royalty on the ore would secure to Now South Wales any considerable per cenlage of tho mineral output from this district. But to attempt that would raise an extremely delicate intercolonial question. Geographical conditions are hope lessly against us, and one of the political problems of the near future will be to decide how these are to be faced. In tbe meantime it ia hardly worth while for New South Wales to count the Barrier Mines amongst its mineral assets. In t in last year, although the price was better and should have offered more incentive to productive effort, we raised rather less than in 1885. It is satis factory to reflect, however, that these figures relate to a somewhat remote period in the colony's history. When the depart ment succeed in getting out its report for 1SS7, from present indications it will, in all probability, be found to contnin more cheer ful reading, 