THE "CORSICA BROTHERS." The production of the Corsicau Brothers " at the Royal Standard Theatre on Saturday night was witnessed by a large audience. Tho D.uupiors, appearing after a somewhat prolonged absence from the stage, wove welcomed back witn gieat cordiality, and the reception given to tho piece, old-fashioned a.? it has become, showed that it has not ret outlived if3 popu larity. Both Mr. Dampior and Mies Dampier wore warmly applauded when they appeared, and a beautiful bouquet thrown on the tdago by one of the audience was an addi tional tribute of appreciation to Mis Dampier. Tho piece was well put on, and tho programme, on the whole, wa ouo worthy of a company which has hitherto maiutaiuc.i a very oveu standard of excellence. One of the scene? from the skilful brush of Mr. Tiscbbauor merit— a it on Saturday night attracted— particular at tention. The view i? ot par: of the Forest of Fontamebieau in whiter time, when the snow covers the ground and drapes in white the limbs of huge tree?, through which the sun casts a dull red k-loiv. The subdued light, tho I deserted r.nd stiil appearance of the spot — all prepared the audience for the tragical event which take place there — the death of Louis dei Frauchi, one of tlieC'orsieaa Brothers, and then that of his antagonist Chateau Hcuaud. The passionate nod superstitious nature of the two brothers, Louia aud Fabieu. was vividly de picted by Mr. Dauipier, an i the character of Renatid, the antagonist of both, was well prayed by .Mr. A. tftouehnru. The duel scene?, the tirst so ditl'ercnt iu its result from the second, were managed with a realistic eJt'eet which for the moment bound the audience iu perfect silence. The part of Emihe de Lesparrc n.i carefully played by Mis Dauipier, and her denunciation of Kenuud when he was allured to the house of Baron Moutgirou was forcible without being overstrained. The gloom which the untimely 1'ato of Louis cast over the audience was quickly dispersed by Messrs. E. iiolloway aud Poole, who a Orlando and Coiomu, the heads of two families of Corsicau. at deathly feud ou account of a hen, aeated u great deal of inoriunent by their exaggerated expressions of auimosity. .Mr. Joe .Stark a 13ouee, a wood cutter, having but little material whereon to work, contributed, however, iu a less degree to the coiuic business. Autong the other members of the cast, Miss Julia Morton, Miss Maud Walton and Miss Ada Uochfprt, Mr. W. E. Baker, A, Boothman and Mr. A. 'L'asinau may be men tioned as having contributed to the success of tho revival. The ghost scene was managed very creditably, and the only drawback to its ell'cctivcness was that the "ghost" was not sutlicieutly like either the dead or the living brother. He, however, served hia purpose, and his manner of making his appearance aud disap- pearauce made amvud for any liulc dissimi larity in form. The performance concluded with the farce called " The Liuicrick Boy, The " Corsiran Rrotner-i " will be rooLMted everv evening till Friday, wheu Mr, Dampicr will resume his Shakesperian performances, the piece selected beiug " Hamlet." 