The Advertiser. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1887. The report of the State Children's Council for the year ending June 30 last, which was laid before Parliament yesterday, is a very Interesting document. The conned did not take over tiie control of their de partment from the Destitute Board until January 1 last, but for the sake of con venience their report, at least so far ns statistics ue concerned, is prepared with reference to the whole year. The first important duty they undertook was the preparation of regulations to give fall effect to the intentions of the new Act. They were assisted in this work by the valuable Information gained by the presi dent (Dr. Stirling) and the secretary (_Zr. Whiting) as the result rf visits of inspec tion to the principal industrial and reformatory schools in Victoria and New South Wales. The council have not been called upon, nor have they attempted, to originate any absolutely novel methods of dealing with the neglected, uncontrollable, and criminal children placed ander their charge. Their task is to develop and im prove in every practicable way the excel lent system that waa carried out ao satis factorily by the Destitute Board until the Increasing magnitude and importance of the work rendered it desirable that it should be transferred to a separate depart ment. All tiie reformatory agendas em ployed in this colony in connection with the children of die State converge ln one direction—the ultimate pla-s—g-ont of the children in suitable foster-homes, subject to periodical inspection. South Australia set the example on this con tinent of the adoption of the boardlng out system, and wherever It has been tried the results have been successful. The superiority of this plan to the barrack-like arrangement of keeping children in large public institutions for yeara together haa been proved beyond all doubt. The council in their first report furnish addi tional evidence of the benefits derived from placing children ont with respectable persons willing to look after them, and they direct attention "to the important fact that the department actually oaves the country incalculable expense by the fescue of oo many children who, if left to their fate, would inevitably become thieves and prostitutes, and a consequent burden to the State." How to make good citizens out of tbe bad material which is furnished by the vicious, Intemperate, and idle sections of the community, is one of the moot troublesome of social prob lem-. There oan be little question, how ever; that tlm boarding ont ayatem is a material eoatabution to the oulution of the difficulty. At the end of June last tfae council had under their control 778 children. Of theae C6G were boarded ont nnder the different conditions of licensing, appren ticeship, and adoption; while of the re mainder 29 were In the Induatrial School, 22 in the Girls' Reformatory, and 61 In the Boys'Reformatory. All State children are brought under die operation of the boarding-oat ay stem as aoon as poadble* The council report, with inspect to this branch of their work, that as success depends on placing children In the best homes obtainable, careful enquiry is alwaya made as to the -character of ap plicants and the condition of the homes. Unfortunately magistrates, clergymen, and others, in giving oeirt-firates tint ap plicants are fit persons to be entrusted with the charge of children, appear too frequently to be negligent in acquainting themselves with the facte. The council very properly urge the importance of greater care in this direction. So far as the Inspection of foster-homes is con cerned the department have introduced a notable improvement. Thenewregulations provide for the appointment of loed visiting committees wherever j-rhildren are placed out. Twelve committees have already been formed In different parts of the colony, and It is stated tbat tbey " have entered npon their dudes with an enthnshsm which promises well for the ancoeas of Hie movement." The re ports from the inspector, visitors, and school teachers laat year disclose a grati fi ing state of things. The number of rr poits received was 3,695, and of these 2,458 were good as regards the children, and 2,518 as regards the homes, while only in respect of 12 children and two homes were the reports absolutely bad. If tbe inspector can be believed, the boaidirg-ont system not only improves the children, but is also "steadily raising the tone of the homes." In another part of the report we are told that the replies re ceived from visitors and teachers show that on the whole the children of the State are quite as well behaved, clothed, and educated aa children residing with their parents, and in some instances their condition is even better. After all this, it is not so plessant to be informed that the proportion of children returned to the department last year for misconduct, absconding, or unauitabillty, waa larger than in 1885 6, the figures being respec tively 91 and 84. Of course it is not easy to find suitable homes for trouble some or sickly children. The council express the hope that the more general formation of visit—ig committees will extend die opportunities of trans ferring children to other homes, and so obviate lhe necessity of their readmiislon to the Industrial School—the effect of wfaich is inevitably demoralising. Any noticeable increase in the number of in valid children, it is suggested, may render it desirable dwt cottage homes Bimflar to those in New South Wales should be pro vided for their reception. Results, it is often pointed out, are not directly proportioned to appliances. The arrangements in connection with the In- dustrial School and the Girls' and Boys' Reformatories are far from satisfactory, bnt good management has produced much better results from these in- stitutions than might have been ex- pected. Thus in spite of the ab- sence of proper facilities for classification it is reported that the conduct of the in- mates of the Girls' Reformatory has been remarkably good, and, according to the matron, " would do credit to any private school." Of the 11 girls who were sent out to service during the year we are in- formed that they are behaving themselves well in their situations, and affording proof of the excellence of their school training. Similarly it is recorded that the conduct of the boys on the hulk Fitz- james has been vety satisfactory, the need of inflicting corporal punishment not having arisen ia any case during the year. The Industrial School at Magill is now used chiefly as a reception house for newly-committed children, the exten- sion of the boarding-out system having had the effect of abolishing the class formerly known as " Industrial Schoolchildren." The Girls' Reformatory is in the southern wing of the building. It has often been complained that refor- mative work in the latter institution is hindered by the want of suitable accom- modation for classifying the inmates. Were more suitable premises provided less supervision would be needed, and so large and expensive a staff as is now employed would not be necessary. The hulk Fitz- james, which is used for the purposes of a boys' reformatory, will have to be aban- doned before long. At present it is only kept in seaworthy condition by dint of constant and expensive repairs, the money spent on which is virtually wasted. But apart from this consideration it is more than doubtful whether a floating reformatory can be as conveniently and usefully conducted as a reformatory on land. The State Children's Council suggest the removal of the Boys' Re- formatory to the Industrial School, where the inmates could receive a training in agriculture, horticulture, and dairy-farm- ing, and the transfer of the Girls' Re- formatory to one or more cottages to be built for the purpose, arrangements being made with the Roman Catholic community to take charge of tbeir co- religionists, as is done in Victoria. A reception-house for the Industrial School children would then be necessary; but it is thought that suitable premises could be obtained in or near the city at a moderate rental. These changes, or similar ones, have been recom- mended before, but the recommendation has been without effect. Now that the State Children's Council so strongly urge the necessity of new arrangements it may be assumed that the matter will receive rather more attention from the authori- ties than it has done in the past. It cannot be too strongly urged that in mechanical arts as in many other things we are passing through a transition state. To imagine tbat while ignoriDgaucha fact as this we can retain our prosperity, provide for the generation that is to come after us, and keep abreast of the times we live ] in, is utter folly. By the introduction of at* am power and other motive forces, die ' multiplication of inventions, and the em-; pioyment of labor- saving mv.hinery iu j almost every handicraft, the position of artisans is totally changed from what it i was a few years ago. Let any one go j through the premises of a master builder, a cloddng factory, or such an estab lishment ai ihe locomotive workshops' or the manufactory of Messrs. Martin and Ca, nf Gander, and he will quickly aee that an entire revolution haa taken j place. Besides this, competition is far keener than it used to be, and what at one time was almost a British monopoly is invaded by legiona of workmen from foreign countries. Among other things affected by these changes Is the apprentice ship ayatem, which the division of labor haa almost killed. It is partly because it will aerve In aome measure aa a substitute for that system that educationists almost everywhere are turning their attention to technical ins—action in connection with the general education of tiie young. There is in some qua. ten a mistaken Idas as to what is intended by the term; and this, together with a suspicion that the ad ditional expenditure incurred trill be found burdensome, tends to create op petition. Vany new projecta bave to pass through a n toiler stage, bat we are persuaded that in thia instance the opposi tion which has been exdted willbeonly tem porary. The Hon. E. Coombe, president of ths Technical Education Board in New South Walts, in ids recent address on the subject, referred to what ia being done on the Continent of Europe. The question has lately been before the British House of Commons; It is acquiring greater importance in die other oobnies; acd were there nothing else, this latter fact of itself would aof-dently justify the action that Is being taken in onr own case. Commenting on the Technical Educa tion Bill in England, wbich had unfor tunately to be induded among the "slaughtered innocents" when Parlia ment rose, the Time, says it may prove to be of far greater practicd importance than many a measure that looms larger to the public eye. It proposes to confer power on the local authorities throughout England and Wales to establish schools for technical instruc tion, and a similar Bill for Scotland is being prepared, whioh it is hoped wiU pass colnddently. Thus the scope of the measure is wide, though its aim is not extravagantly high. The machinery Is to be set in operation by the local boards, or in boroughs where there is no school board, by the Education Council. For the provisions to become operative a resolution must in the first instance be passed by the local authority that it is expedient to supplement the elementary education supplied in the dis trict by technical instruction. In order to guard the Interests of tbe ratepayers it is stipulated that 50 persons who are entitled to vote for the local authority, or one-third of the total number of such persona, may demand a poll. The voting is to be by ballot, aud ahould the proposition be negatived it cannot be reintroduced for a year. Should there be no such negative the local authority may proceed either to estab lish technical schools in the district, to arrange with any other local authority for a combined system of giving auoh instruc tion, or to add it to the elementary instruc tion already given in the 4"r3?ting public schools. Considerable latitude appeara to be allowed in the interpretation of the meaning of the term, and the reason of this is obvious. The districts differ so widely in their local circumstances and special industries that uniformity is im possible, and any attempt to secure it would defeat the objects ot the measure. The dec-rfon? of the local authorities will in practice be left to the Department of Science and Art, whioh has already rendered excellent service, especially in training tegohen, and the entire scheme wOl be worked in connection with that department. It will thos be seen tint tfae proposed system is timple in its applica tion, elastic, aud comprehensive. The necessity for ti"fa development cf education Is being foroea on public atten tion somewhat in tiie samt? way as other reforms have been. Investigation has proved that there is a serious lack of knowledge ln certain directions which it is shown by incontestable evidence ls a weakness and an injury. Two indepen dent branches of enquiry have yielded the same net result. The British Commis sion on the Depression in Trade ap pointed some time ago, recognises in its report that there is a crying need for im provement. It admits that foreign nations are acquiring a decided supe riority, because they take pains to train their workmen in the theory as well as In the practice of their various trades. It follows that they have an exactness of knowledge that gives them great advan tages over those who can only go by the old-fashioned rule of thumb, and that by systematic culture they necessarily acquire a degree ot excellence which makes them more successful and valuable. The simple fact Is said to be that such workmen have really learned their trades, and that too at a time of life when their minds were most flexible and susceptible of in struction. Knowing that their liveli hood depended on their diligence, and with organised instruction provided by Government to show them the most effective methods, they have necessarily distanced others In the race. The result Is that British industry is sufiering in all directions, and without some energetic efforts to recover lost ground the days of England's manufacturing aaoendency are numbered. With these views the reports of the examiners appointed by die Tech nical Institute at South Kensington folly agree. They found that In such In-* dustriesas bleaching, dyeing, cotton-spin ning, paper _ak_g,and carriage building, thecandidateashowed very little theoretical knowledge Indeed. On one side they were ignorant of the rudiments of draw ing, and on the other of die rudiments of chemistry. As the Timet says, they failed to link the primary education which they might be supposed to have received with the business of their handicrafts. It is to supply this missing link that here aa well as in England the advocates of technical education are earnestly engaged. The case was ably stated by Dr. Cockburn ia his speech in the House of Assembly last week. The object aimed at can ba achieved without weakening our preaent system or burdening our -nances to any serious extent, and the benefits to be gained cannot be overlooked. This is what Mr. Coombs pleaded for ao strongly in Ids recent lecture, and his remarks most have carried conviction to every unprejudiced person. It is recognised by tbe board which is prosecuting its en quiries in this colony that techni cal instruction should not be limited to die primaiy schools, but should be imparted to thoee who have passed die regulation standard, and are perhaps com mencing to earn their own living. And it is noteworthy that the same conviction prevails among oome of those who have studied tfae question in England. Notice was given in the House of Commons of the following motion to be sub mitted on the second reading of the Bfll: —"That this Hoose, while ap proving of the general scope of this Bill, it ot opinion that more ample provision i hould be made for the continued educa tion of the children who leave elementiry Echcola at an early age, and that ouch educational!onld be Carried ont in evening chools, under regohtlons which woold make it obligatory, a_d that the instruc tion given should be largely technical, and adapted to the practical needs of life." There was eo change in tfae Ministerial bill of fare eo far aa the House of Aasemb'y was concerned on Tuesday. The first aad only ciane was the tariff and varied as ware its coLfitituent pattt hon. members seemed to be ecmewbat relieved trkoi tee a-ljou-ameot faoar arrived, bom especially as tiny oan now eee a prospect of what bas appeared to be an intent—sable discussion drawing to a dose. AU that remains to be <_ne-to ded with the postponed items of tea, sng^r, and tobacoo, and torecontidirafewotiierarbcles. Tbeoewillbe dealt with to might, and then-tin Treasurer mil be able to bring in the necessary Bfll to give effect to tee wieheacf tee oommittee. The most in portent alteration made on Tuesday was instigated ter Mr. Rees, who championed the cause of tin LobethalTweed Factory as he has often done baton. Tbe boo. aa ember moved to add to tfae _0 per cent list the fol lowing items: —Woollen aad flannd piece goods (except dress pieces), cloth tweeds, eatameces, and Beiges fall wool). Laat week tin Treasurer announced that the Government would consent to tweeds being pUoedon the 20 per cent, lit*, and probably thought it eras not neeeesary to apeak on tins occasion. Bat before the item was put Mr. Bray rjee and pointed out that it was necessary tint time ahonld be a difference of 10 per oent. between tin duties on apnartl and dops and the artidea named hy Mr. Rees. He therefore asked for an explanation from the Treasurer of the intent- jus of tee Government, Mr. Playford said tbe Government bad promised the other night to support Mr. Rees in this matter; and he would not object to go so far as a 30 per cent, ad valorem duty on apparel and slop.. Then the House divided, aad much to the sur prise of a food many members Mr. Rees secured a majority cf three. At a later stage the Treasurer said the Government woold consider the question of tn__ii*g the duty oa apparel and slops 30 per cent., a statement tbat was received with groans and ironical cheeis. Mr. Playford also intimated that he intended to remove flannel piece goods from the 20 per cent, list, on which the item bad been inadvertently placed. A very tamest attempt was made to effect a reduction of the duty on agricultural imple ments f rim 30 per cent., and the Government had nanow majorities for the retention of the item. Mr. Eeea had a oongenid subject to Fpeak npon io moving to add to tfae 20 per cent, list "architectural plans of buildings delisted outside tfae colony on the total cost of tbe buildings to be erected therefrom." The bon. member in a lugubrious tone referred to the work done by Melbourne architects in connection with buildings in this city, and eveked a roar of laughter by tin remark teat the English and Boot__h Bank, which was designed by a gentleman in another oolony, was as much like a bank as he (Mr. Rees) was like aa angeL The committee tor the mod part seemed to regard the proposd as a huge joke, and although Mr. Grayson offeied a few words* of sympathy the motion was summarily rejected. Mr. Caldwell managed to create some fun when tin item of "newspapers printed" on the free list was reached. He suggested the desirableness of giving some protection to locally printed journals, and tins suggestion called forth some satirical remarks at tin ex pense of tfae country press, it being stated that the printed newspapers brought into the colon* formed tee iawn_teridoftinproviiicid organs. The Bim. G. C. Hawker fonnd an opportunity of e_pree-u_g his disapproval of tin Pell Mall Gazette, than which he odd no more iniquitous paper was ever brought iato the oolony ; and Sir. Oaldwdl waa taunted by another bon. member arith baving an eye to self-benefit by seeking to plaoe au embargo on the introduction of foreign poetry. The committee dedded that all paintings and woska of art, whether for pnbuo institutions or not, ahould come in bee of doty. This waa vehemently opposed by Mr. Btugoyne and one or two other membera, who took the stand that while duties are being im posed on the new-nation of life it ia utterly in consistent to allow tee luxuries of the rich, such as paintings were hdd to be, to oome in fiee. The Hon. G. C Hawker made soon re marks on tin subject of art which Mr. Furner did not like, and teat hon. member insinuated that while Mr. Hawker's opinions with regard to bell wethers might oe .doable hia views on art did not oome within the aame catt gory, To this Mr. Hawker retorted tint while fae deferred to tin judgment of Mt. Furner in tbe matter of soft goods he did not consider hhn an authority on art. He abo informed the omnpittee that in this colony wetbere are not in the habit of carrying bdls. Mr, Fume, determined to get the last word, D-D-aHn-d-faa a quieilyaaroaatic way which hal its doe effect on tin House, that if the study of art in eaily youth was aa rntirintul to Mfiue ment-tenths education of the hoa, member for North Adelaide had been "tgeeted in that particular. After this little display "of feeling the committee set to work, aud cleared off the remaining items of the tariff with the excep tion of those above referred to. The Legislative Council had mostly com mittee work to do on Tuesday, and tin Housa managed to almost clear the paper. In reply to a question without notice, the Chief Secre tary stated that the Government did not in tend to take aay spedal measures with refe rence to the outbreak of smallpox ia Tasmania/ as they relied upon the regulations already in force and the vigilance of Uie health officers to prevent the introduction of the disease into South Anetcalia.a The Railway Board Bill was further considered in committee, the principal contention being with regard to the amount of compensation that should be paid for ir jury jn case of accident*. There twees only three memben to support tiie Government in fixing the amount at £300, but the Hon. W. O. tttufc found a greater number, Chough not enough, hi his endeavor to make the limit £500. Toe Hon. A. B. Murray had proposed £1,000, anl that amount was agreed to, an amendment by f he Hoa. Dr. Campbell fn favor _f £3.000 beia; negatived. The Offenders Probation Bill sras taken through committee with som. slight sltecstions; and tiie second reading of aha Thistle and Burr Bill having been carried it waa refened to a Select Committee, and ths House ad jcumed nntil to-day. The Commiwrioner of Crown Lands informs ub that two well known Victorian capitalists waited upon bim on Tueaday morning with re ference to the Crown lands which the Govern ment purpose selling at Ss. per acre oa the credit sy item. These gentiemen have inspected the land, which is largely situated in tin north and north-east, and are so favorably impressed with it_tat they have determined to beo-une competitors for ita purchase. A return which waa laid before the Lower Chamber on Tneeday gives tin followiig -par ticulara aa to tfae ooet of tin railway between Hergottand Strangwaya Springs. The total estimated coat per ___e(indud__r rolling-stock of tfae line), waa £4,166 10s, and the ed* et tile permanent way, building^ Ac., as f dlow? : —G-oerral expenses (induding permanent way, -engineering, and saperr__n), £18,610; way (-dading' rails, fastenings, ballast, and deepen), £207.446; ororka (indading eartbwi—s, biidgee, and culverts). £L_,e22; buildings, £7.198; rolling etoek, £55.23.; in_d-nery(inc-admg signals and telegraph-), £4,3X0-; water and fneL ?_516 < 392;- -total, £426,000. Tbe amonnt paid for car-tape of material was £14.000, wfaidi is included -m tin above total. The firm ot Messrs. H. E. & H. F. Downet; acting on behalf of Sir Thomas Elder, having made certainfuggestton* with _____n_eto the valuation of'improvements on tfae *883ea?e_ tiie Government consulted . counsel, aad have arrived at a derision as to tin bads oa which the valuation ahaU be made. This decision, which is withheld at present*, haa been communicated to tfae counsel for tiie lessees. Mr. Rees obtained leave in tin Houae of Atsembly on Taeaday eveoingtointrodncea Bill amend irg the Lottery and Gaming Act 1875. The Bill was brought in, and ita second read ing was fixed forto-day. It aeta out that the Lottery and Gaming Act dull be repealed ao far as regards tfae instnnomt or "Mhinw known oa the totalizator wben tin totalizator ia naed in accordance with tin coles and regulations provided in tin .schedule. These regulations, which deal with tin licenses to be paid, the commistion to be reedved fay racing dobs, and the number of days on which the use of tin totalizator shall be permitted, are practically tin same as those satin measure, the second reading ot which waa selected last week by the carrying of tin previoaa question. The following -.formation respecting tin wheat and floor eanitd from Wolseley and Cuaton by rail to Kingston daring the year ended Jane SO, 1887, is contained in a paper arhich waa laid cm tin table of tin Houw of Assembly oa Tuesday :—From Wolseley tbere were carried 148 tona IS cwt. 2 qr. of floor and 1.020 terns 12 cat. 2 qr. of wheat, which reepactirdy yidd-d a revenue of £S6 7s. 9d-and £535 16_. 7A; total, £622 45.4d; and -com Castou,___ tons2qc floor and _U tons 16 cwblqcof wheat, which respectivdy yidded a zeveooe of £147 7s. and £2C6 6s. Ss.; total, £335 6s. SJ. Therefore from these two towns 1,801 toas 4 cwt. 3 qr. of wheat nnd floor wore taken by rail to Kingston, yie-diag a total revenue of £976175. Id, In reference to tin long prop-wed Ijgfctiioa3SS on the coast of tin H_rtinm T_U_ry, Cap tain Green, of tin etoamer Guthrie, suggests that the first bght ahould be placed on Gape Don or Bash an Head, at tfae ????*-""?" to Dundas Creek. Captain Guthrie is wdl acquainted with tin ?latlwsa coast, and his opinion will, no donbt, be considered fay the Marine Board when tfae subject again eaai-js before than. Tbe forty-fifth half-yearly meeting of die ? Ttnpn-ial Permanent HmWing and la*e__t*aent Soc—y was held at tte oflws, M-otrfiwe Ohaw.bfTS, Waymtmtb alutt, <_n flssdsysw. ing, M_.A.'B. A>sfa___.pte---_gevwnt-t__c small attendance. The halanno sheet win taken as read and adopted. T-epeaftnad ton account showed tfae pay want of as divi dend of £1,35(. and time anas a faitiier profit af £98 ISO- arl-cb waa carried to tin aoapaase art-rant, from which n total of £796 15*. faaa been taken for andting off valne of properlias ton hand. Menra. Toon and Jones srere re ?l?B_a_l_?.?liwa_____e_> tmaattsmamaamiasgjmmm, A vote of thanks to tin officers of tin aociety f or their oervices ems passed. For aome dan past laiHiiwn in afeippiag matters at Port Adddde bos been very doll, and from week to week dn wharfs have pm oented a deaetted appearance. Lately tens has been a change. Since Saturday no tan than three intercdomal aod Itwdvs extca cdor-id veaaela have arrived, representing a total tonnage of U, _90. On Wednesday there were 65 vends in tto harbor, ezdnstvaof those tnder 20 tocui r^gicfe-, aod bulks and light-*-. Of tfaeae lfi anas entrondnnid witfaaa totd tonnage of 12.745; nine waeinte-eokna-l with a tonnage ef C;067, and 40 Were coaStea repre -mting 3.303 toes. The wod is coming down l 7 __._ffila^eq____ee,-3dt_e a-i__j and stores ore assuming a ~~y busy aspect. A narrow -escape from a fatd accident oc -s-onedonthe Hifis railway on Monday after noon. Aa tfae -10 train -from aa_i?^*t r - m a approaching No. 5 tunnd a "man was iniia tunllyaeen in tin tonnd about 60 yard, in front ci tfae engine malriaghis swn fast _s_ jpossaUe along the line on-a, railway trisyde. The enginedriver noted eery proanptiy, and managed to bdng tin train to nataaaatill when within a yard or ao of tin tricyde. . If tha * man had not been seen antil a aeoond ore* later he "must fafcve been killed, and thucih credit is due to the driver for tea vigilance anil smart action. The preauum of tin man on tfaa tricyde is amounted for fay tfae fact tint re pain to tin line were going on at tin t—neT All efforts to discover soon trace ot the porn little boy Carson, who sras lost at Bordertown about a fcrtniftht ago. have proved re-tnldean, acd at length the seardi has been abanaonel io despair. 3_s Xforracoorte Herald of Sep tember 27 eaye:—"The aborigind tnoken bave been unremitting in tbeir nearnhoa, but from a certain point near where tin child was laat seen.not tee -lightest trace h_B beea discovered. Pouch and Junbuk have been most unwearied in tfadr effort^ .the. former having been searching fat 12 daya from day light till dark for traces. A subscription bas been entered into tor the blacks, amounting to nearly £5, which has been distributed amongst those engaged. Punch has also beat rewarded with a new ?nt of dothes and a trip to die Exhibition, for wfaidi he started on Friday last. Tins is one of these strange disappearances that seem likdy to remain wrapped in mystery. It is a wt— authenticated fact tint some immense lords of tfae eagle spedes have been seen and fooad at intervda about there and in view of the equally strange disappearance of yoang . Mason acme 12 or 15 yeara ago and the tradi tions of the blacks of Debfl Debilfaird, wfa. comes some times, and if it could wt gate piccininny, wonted to carry ofl a gin,' it does apt seem too far fetched to suppose thai tin child has been carried' off by wane monster bird. There are many known instances of children being ao carried away in varions parts d the world. 8 Mr. 3xo— Sprod, a well-known resident of Brighton, and father ot Dr. Sprod, of North tenaoe, met with a terrible fatal atoojdent oa Monday night while .driving a trap along tfae . Brighton-road. It seems thatMr. £. t_ Finny, fanner, was walking along the road with his mice, wfaen he saw a bona and trap pgw*. with out any one driving. The animal was not going very fast, and Mr. Finny was able to ' atop it without difficulty. Tb his "horror, t? approaching the Itoise In saw tfae bo4jy of Mr. Sprod jammed between one of tin wheels and tbe shaft, the head, which was covered with blood, hanging downwards and tfae legs ?pntaqgled in tin -ems. The body was warm, but life ana extinct. Mr. Finny aent bis-nieca for d>e police; and attempted to release tin body, bathe was unable to do ao alone. Soon afterwaxds a tramcar poised, and the driven Mr. A. Pontifex, -was called to assist, tin result bdng tint tin horse was taken oat of the trap and the body released, covered with a rag, and laid on the groan a till it was taken away by tin police. The deceased'e hat was {ticked op some little dn* tacce from where tbe bone waa caught, and, it was likdy that the body had acted as a skid npon the trap from the aae tin deoeaaed fell ever. How be did fall is tafeoone not known. Probably be leaned over tte front ?f the tup io attend to some of tin narness. and over balancing faimadf, tried to catch hdd of tha ahaft but waa imwicnenfaL An inquest -woa opened by the city aosanv on -wjnjs tee above facta ansa riidtsd. Tbe aaquay was adjourned ttQ Tiiund^ wbaiweemenot of Dr. Dunlop, who examined the body, will betaken. Mr. Locke Bichardson will give a rental of " Othello" at the Albert Hall this evening. Captain Green, of the ateamer Guthrie, has presented tin Zoological Gardens with a couple of handsome g_ze_.es, which will be on view in a day or two. A public valedictory meeting to Dr. B. W. \- Dde and Mr. A. Spicer will take place to night in tee North Adeldde Congregatioral i Church. "Alone in London" continues to attract ] good houses at the Theatre Royal, and was successfully repeated bdore a large audience oa Tuesday night. A flower show in connection with the Sonth Australian Horticultural and Florionltnrd Sodety will be held in tin Town Hall this afternoon and evening. On Tuesday Mr. D. Bews, M.P., waited on the Commimoner of Public Works and pre sented a memorial from 26 reddenta in tin hundred of Kadina, asking to have tfae Betdoo main taken into Kadina alow Thomas's Plains-road from section 157. The Commis sioner promised to get a report on tin subject. The SOver Age ot September 84 states:—ln connection with the Adelaide Exhibition and Hunt Clnb races a cheap excordon train mil leave Cockburn for Adelaide on Friday next, September 30, at 2.-3 am. It woold certainly be twice as well patronised by the public if amnaement? could be made to run tee train from Silverton instead of Oockbnm. Mesfrs. Caldwell and Bartlett, memben for Yorke's PeninsufaL, waited on the Commis sioner of Public Works oo Monday, and pre sented a memorid from 15 residents in the hundred Of Muloownttie, asking to have tfae road made between the Government Dam and Pine Point. The Commissioner promised to consider tee application. An accident occurred to tin coach proceed ing to Broken Hill on September 22. When about two mUes beyond tfae Acada _Hm(say? tin Silver Age) the hones took fright at the donkey team and suddenly swerved, capsizing tiie coach, wfaidi at the time was heavily laden, having 14 passengers on. Fortunately none ot them were hurt, though all sustained a severe shaking. A public meeting was held at the Institute Hall, BedhQ], on Saturday evening, Mc D. lithgow pre—ding, to consider tin new tariff, After a long discussion the following resolution waa' agreed to:—"That in the opinion of this meeting and the defidt state of the revenue it is grossly unjust to remove the duties off tea, coffee, and soger, to pay more than is necessary for machinery used for production, and to have the duties on articles of daily übo increased." During the jubilee year the demand for com memorative medals has been so great that Blr. S. Schlank, of Chesser-street, has struck off no less a number than 36,000. We understand that ; as a satisfactory instance of the benefidd effects of the new tariff Mr. 8. Schlank, the well-known manufacturing jeweller, bas found it necessary to employ specul hands for tin silver monnting of pipes, which wodd be liable to extra duty if they came into the oolony with ornamentation of that sort. On Tuesday Messn. W. B. BounseveU, M.P., and F. W. Holder, MP., presented a memorid to tfae Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles) from inhabitants of the hun dreds of Bright, Bower, Bandey, and part of English asking that a road rued princi pally for water carting might be grabbed and cleared for about four mil--, aod alao that an alteration might be made to a creek craning to prevent accidents. The Commissioner promised to obtain a report. With tin Melbourne Branch (Waxworks, which are shortly to be exhibited in Adddde, will be shown for tbe first time in this dty, Dr. Lynn's illusion known as "Ihdas," ! which consists of tbe bust of a living woman placed npon a bracket against the wa'L There wOl dso be teown an aborigind giantess from New Sooth Wdes. She is 19 years of age, and -weighs __ stone. The figures fnclnde membera of tfae royd family, Geneed Gordon, Generd Booth, the Mbant Bonnie ffriwl'l" >*i|a i g£j Hurtle Fisher, and a group representing King Solomon's judgment. A very fine block of stone from tin Finnias Quarries may be seen at the new building for tee Bai_ of New Bo_th Wales, at tin comer of North-terrace and King William-street. The block is 6 ted 8 indies long, 5 feet wide, and 2 feet 10 indies high, aad is intended for the top pediment of tin bank. One of tee statements made against the Finnin quarries was that large blocks of stone could not be obtained there, but tins has now been practically re futed, and Mr. Farr states that these quarries wffl yield stone to any dze required, and it is admirably adapted for carving and the bes building purposes. By latest advices Messrs. McLean Brothen. Bigg, and Co. leant that at the great iuter rr l P e__>_ field trid bdd on August 3 at Etri psgng, France,the McCormick newsted reaper and hinder gained tirat prize (gold metld and 300 ! francs) in competition with aU tfae English and American machine* of note. At MUxy-Mdan <m July 31 the McCormick was awarded tfae special silver medd by tfae French Minister of Agriculture, and at the recent great trid at Fauquantain, France, the new McOormick sras again awarded the fint prize, the Absret, a French machine, ohtdnmg eecood prize. All the well-known English and American makers competed. The McCormick has been three times successful in Victoria daring last week, having gained first prize at Edtnca, Wedder buin, and Weracknabe-L There was another crowded house at Garner's Booms on Tuesday evening, when " o__*lo," the trape-itt, made his eeoond appearance, and fairly astonished the andience with his daring and clever feats in tin rings and ban suspended from the ceiling, aod in fats acrid flight from ooe endof tin hall to the other tfaroagfa two balloons, catching dexterously a single rope at tee end of his journey. Onzalo ia a wonder- Idly clever and well-made athlete, and win be ? "draw" for some time to come. Little Ida i Hedh is also deserving of epedd mention for ber ' very artistic performances, being un doubtedly the most graceful little danaeuse tint haa ever appeared oa a stage ia this colony. The other memben of the troupe are also worth seen, in their musicd and gro tesque performances. Mr. T. BL. Brooker gave an addren on "Education" in the Hindmanh Institute build—ig on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance. Tne speaker advocated a compulsory system for children between the ages of 7 and 12 years. Technical educa tion should be given, and ahould embrace agri cultural, mining, pastoral, and gardening pur suite. He contended that boards of advice elected by tin public woold be more K-.i-_h.-al than the preaent system, A discussion fallowed tfae addreaa. Father Jorgensen said he thought elementary mathematics and drawing should be taught, and evening classes might be held for ap prentices and others, A limited knowledge of chemistry would be of service to those who intended to follow agricultural pursuits. Re ferring to country institutes, he sail they might be "BH—d daring certain periods of tin year when farmen had little to do for tin purpose of giving a practicd coarse of educa tion to the sons of farmers by teachen sup plied by the Goterom-at. Two msntha in tiie year' would be sufficient for this. Too much was expected from elementary schools. Moists. 3\. Lawrmce, 3. W. Carr, __. W. Palmar, and White also took part in the discussion. The prizes won at Saturday's athletic sports -were distributed on Tuesday evening in the main hall of the Exhibition by the Mayoress, Mrs. £. T. Smith. They were very handsome in design, and aa the variooa successful com petitors stepped forward to receive their well earned trophies they were warmly ap ?lauded. Cheers having beea given f-jr Mrs. Smith, Mr. Smith returned taxanXra, and in doing so said the success of last Saturday's sports was in a large degree due to Mr. Creewell, tee indefatigable secre tary of the Bo—fa Australian Cricketing Ais. dation. Tn Mr. Oreswdl they had tin right man in tiie right place. (Applause.) The association bad entered npon this year with considerable misgivings through their affairs being connected with the unfortunate Com mercid Bank. A year ago they were involved with a debt of over £2,000, for which a few mem ben of the association bad to become respon sible, bnt today, thanks to Mr, Creewell. their energetic secretary, they had wiped off two-thirds of that liability, and he had reason to hope that by the end of the encketing season now commencing they wauld be entirely free, (Cheers.) Cheers were then given for Mr. Creewell, who briefly acknowledged the com pliment, and moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. Smith. The Mayor shortly returned thanks on her bebalf, and the proceedings then terminated. The various public school teachers'associa tions agreed at a meeting of delegates held in tin Grate- street School on Monday to form an associations nnion on the following basis:— 1, That the S.A Teachers' Association act as a central body, and that tfadr officers, with two delegates from every association and an additional one for eveiy ten memben above twenty, act as a committee of management. 2\. Tbat when it is considered desirable to faring any of the wants or interests of teachers generally bdore the Inspector-Generd or Minister of Education the same be discussed by each association, and its conclusion- male known to tbe central committee, who may then make tfae necessary representation and date what proportion of tin whole brxly is favorable thereto. 3. That the meeting, of tin ddegatea be held on tee evening of the firat Monday of tbe Easter, Michaelmas, and Christmas holidays. 4. That to defray ex penses of postage, Ac, in connection with the union each association subscribe 6a. 6. Tbat the meetings of tin various associations bs open-to tin memben of the other association.. 6\. ' bat an enquiry-box be established in con nection with the union. 7. That tee objects of the union be the circulation of informa tion and subjects for discussion ; receiving and. if necessary, arranging and communicating the reunite arrived at; the interchange of examination questions; the improvement of the professional status of the teachen of the colony. Herr Pfleger, the unrivalled zither player, gave hi? farewell concert in the Albert HaU on Tuesday evening, when a large and apprecia tive audience enjoyed a choice musical pro gramme, as in addition to Herr Pfl?ger and Min Nelly B—bb, Mn. Johnson James. Herr Bebradt, and the Adelaide Quartet* Yerein contributed severd vocal numbers. The zither arti-te were heard to great advantage, Herr Pfleger playing as solos tfae difficult " Fantasia Hungrois " in C minor (Schlabaas — Pfleger), a charming serenade (_chubert), and the "Aus dem Hochwdd" wdtz (Straun). Miss Ndly Stabb gave the ever wdoome "Last rose of summer'' with variations — the zither bdng admirably adapted for such sym pathetic compositions, and dso took past with ner tutor in tfae rendition of selections bom Veidi's "LaTraviata." It is needless to say that every number was given in a style that evoked the hearty recalls of the andience, and severd encore pieces were played in response. Mrs. Johnson Jame?, who was in capitd voice. Bang the difficult aria " Roberto tu che adore" (Meyerbeei) in a very creditable manner, and also the vocd polka "The daiey" (Arditi), utd was loudly applauded. Mr. Bebrndt gave in good style tbe baritone songs "The storm fiend" ard "The diver," and tiie Quartet* Verein (with Heir Wendlant, B.C.M.L, aa conductor) contributed the choruses "Wald lied," "Der Weiase Hunch,'- "Ave Maria" (Abt), and "Parma march,'' all of which were rendered with fine effect, and were deservedly well reedved. Herr Pfleger has to resume Ins profefriond duties in Melbourne, but we bone he wOl pay periodica! visits to Adelaide, as tee zither is a charming instrument, of which he is undoubtedly a master. The exhibition of works of art executed by the students under Mr. James Ashton, A M., of Norwood, eras brought to a close on Satur day evening, when the prizes were handed over to the successful competitors by Mr. H, P. Gill, the master of tin Scfaod of Design, in the presence of a large number of visitors. In presenting the gifts Mr. Gill complimented the master on hia mode of tuition, and also npon tbe .access wbich had attended hi. efforte in instilling into those under him a love for art acd in making them take an interest in their work. Studies of aQ kinds if properly taken in hand conld be made attractive, and Mr, Ashton appeared to have tha happy knack of making his art lemons not only instructive but deeply interesting. It was a fault with eotre masters to make their atodenta pro gren too smartly, or in other words to give them work of an advanced nature bdore they , bad passed through the primary grades, bat thia waa not the case with Mr. Ashton. There was one feature about the collection, however, which he felt bound to refer to. Most of the pictures were taken from copies, Tbere was infinitely more to be proud of in aa origind picture with a few faults than in a production taken frem tin flat, for while in tee fonner the student had to consider three measure ments-—length, breadth, and depth—aud had to scheme and plan in order to produce the proper effect, a painter working from a copy had only to ded with two measure ments—length and breadth—and had only to apply hia colon according to the tints worked in the copy. He hoped Blr. Ashton's students would give their time to origind painting, and not go on imitating the efforts of those who had already placed their conceptions on canvas. When it was taken into consideration that the pictures oa view were entirely the work t f amateurs he had no hesitation in saying that they srere a superior collection to any he had seen m the neighbor ing colonies. He wished the school every suc cess, and then handed the prizes over to the winners, accompanying than with some good practicd advice. It is Mr. Ashton's intention to hold these exhibitions _ricdic_ly. Cod haa been cot in the bore beingputdoamat Mirboo by the diamond drill employed in prospecting for coal by the Victorian Mining Department, The coal waa intersected (says tbe -Age) at a depth of 896 feet and is 10 inohea thick. The Fample aent to the Mining Depart? ment is apparently aahaly cod from tin roof or floor of tee seam. One or tw-o of the frag ments indicate good coaL Boring will be oon tinrd. acd it is not unlikely that other seams will be found beneath tbe thin layer already cut. A recent number of tiie Stsord and Trowel contains a remarkable artide by Blr. C. H. Spurge on, in which he refers to the "broad ening'' of Dint nt, " A new religion," he saja, " has been initiated, wfaidi is no more Christi anity than chalk is cheese; and thia religion, being deetitute of moral honesty, palms itself eff as the eld faith with digbt improvement* and on this plea usurp, pulpits which were elected for Gospd preaching. "At tin back of doctrinal falsehood comes a natural decline of spiritual life, evidenced by a taste for ques tionable amtuementa and a weariness of devo tiond meetings."' " Let na not bide from onr advea the fact tbat tin Episcopal Church ia awake, and is foil of zed and force. Dissent ing aa a e do most intensdy from her ritualism, and especially abhorring her establishment by the State, we cannot but perceive that she grows, and grows, among other reasons, be cause spiritual life ia inning among oertain Diesenters. Where tbe Gospd is fully and powerfully preached, with tin Holy Ghost sent down from heaven, our churches not only bold their own but win converts: bat when that which constitutes their strength is gone— ore mean when the Gospel is conceded and the life of prayer is slighted—the whole thing be comes a mere form and fiction. For thii thing our heart is sore grieved." *"'** Br. _00l held on inquest at tin Kew Asylum, Victoria, last week, on the body of a patient named Julian Smitb, a man SO years of age, who was admitted on March 9, 1886, acd died after a short illness. It appeared from tin evidence of tbe attendants (says the Age) tint deceased had repeatedly tried to com—it suicide by hacking his throat with knives, swallowing paint, needles, and in a variety of other frays. Hia soieddd man*, waa ao pronounced that apeeid watch waa kept upon him night' and day. On tfae 20th mat. he became very ill, and when questioned as to tin caosehe stated that be aad swallowed a fork soon months previously. Nothing ooold be done for the sufferer, who gradually grew worse. He far ther stated that he had not told anyone about the fork for fear tint aa operation woold be performed upon bim to remove it. Soon after wards be died. In consequence of his state ments and the mysterious circumstances accompanying his death it was decided to have a post-mortem made oa the body. Dr. Nidd cenducted tfaeexaminatio-, with the remit that he found a large German silver fork, the bardie of which waa in the stomach and the prongs buried in tfae kidneys. This foreign substance created an inflammation arhich waa the cause of death. A verdict of peritonitis was therefore agreed npon. The fork in question did not belong to tin institution, and there was no explanation as to how he obtained it, Tfae Paris correspondent of tin Daily Tele graph mbjt that there baa been of late a ateady import of mendicants who have lost their lower limbs into France bom Spain. Prefeota of the eontb western departments faave accordingly been instructed to take efficient methods tor the prevention of thispeculif-1 traffio, which has for a long time been carried on with im punity. These unfortunates attract more attention from philanthropists and charitable people in Paris than the blind, tin para 1> lie, or the maimed. They drag themselves along in little cars, and some of teem make as much as 10 francs a day by their energetic solicitations of tin passers* by. There are even what ere called fabriquet, or manufactories of crippled mendicants, just as there are estab lishments for tiie training of acrobats and tight-rope dancers, and tee miscreants who practice tin calling of providing tfae maimed beggars for the Paris market, and of mak ing capitd out of tbem, are more numeroas than would be supposed. These people pay EO francs or 60 francs for an infirm child to its poor, avaricious, or unfeeling parents. They begin witb it when it is about 10 yea-e old, and tie ita bg? underneath its body. The lege are then bandaged with leather thengs, which, after a while, and when I theie ia not much danger of gangrene, are equeered until the vitality ot the nether j b'mba flows into the body, and the child is I unable any longer to walk. Wben this con- I stimulation has been arrived at the eul de jtlte is ready for work in Paris or some other larfte city. What the unfortunate creature etfiera at tbe hands of tin inhuman monsters who carry on this abominable traffic is worse than anything tbat could faave betallen Smike or Oliver Twist in tbeir darkest days. Tbey are i fed on weak soup, and are obliged to ply their trades in tbe depths ot winter, being beaten by their hanh taskmasters if they fad to return home with tbe regulation amount of elee moaj nary donations. Sands A McDougall's monthly diary for Octo-.-rU to hand. We bave received the A B C timetable and Dinry for October. It*-] be f ecu by an adveitisement tbat the steamer -linden- has bten withdrawn from the south-east trade. A smoke social In connection with the Whinha-n College Old Se&olars;' Association ?ill be held at Beach - rooma this evening. The hall-jeatly meeting ol the South Anstralian Mutual Slotes (Li_ited) will be held at the shut- this evening. Tea and public meetings in connection with the Ee_t Tt,wn Wesleyan Church will be held this tvinlcg. A concert arranged by Herr B. Wendlandt, at which hia Excellency the Governor will be present, will be given in the Victoria (Y.M.C A.| Hall this evening. The olcdog meeting and social in coonectioo with the South Adelaide Football Club will be hdd at the Bob Boy Hotd this evening. 