THE MAY MAGAZINES. Blackwood opens with a now story called Joyce, which promises well ; it has also a well written sketch of Hungarian gipsy life ; and, nndcr the title of A Magnetic Mystery, a ghost story is scientifically told. There is a paper of souie interest to the colonies on Labor and Capital in Australia, though the views of tlie writer on many points will find no accept ance here. The article sets out with the remark that the depression of trado and agriculture at present prevalent over nearly all the world is in Australia more ficti tious than real. The unemployed aro there in large numbers, as they aro in Euglnnd. " But how different," observes the writer, "is their position from that of the samo class at home. In Australia they aro unemployed, not because there is no work waiting to bo done ; they do not hunger for bread and meat, but tbey thirst for unlimited beer, and uphold the ' eight hours a day principle, which in their opinion is the utmost time a man ought to be required to labor for his living.- Sustained by a paternal Government with daily wages on relief works, paid with the money kindly pro vided for them out of loans subscribed by a credulous public at home, why should they work for private employers of labor who can only afford to pay at tho rate tho state ol frado justifies thorn iu giving?" It would ho interesting to know ou what circum stances the contributor bases these remarkable assertions, or to which of tho colonies ho specially refers. Tho writer proceeds to argue that the effect of a large immigration would be that tho country would become rapidly opened up, and that millions of acres of laud m Aus tralia which are practically valueless, because of the expense of clearing at the prcseut excessive rate of labor, would become available, Land, he says, which would be profitable if cleared at £9 an acre, now lies as useless as tho Desert ol Sahara for all practical purposes, simply' because it would cost from £15 to £20 per aero under tho existing state of affairs to clear it. Tho Chaffey Brothers probably hold a differont opinion on this subject. The rate of wages," tho article proceeds, "is highest in New South Wales, where it exceeds £50 per head per annum. It is lowest under the semi-responsible Government and amidst tho sparsely populated lauds of Western Aus tralia, where alone nominated emigrants are sent out free of cost. Yet even there tho general laborer iu town receives 5s. to 7s. per diem, carpenters and masons from 8s. to 10s., ! farm laborers and ploughmen iu tho country : 15s. per week, with hoard and and lodging, i The responsible Governments of New South Wales and the other Australian colonies to a certain extent, and that of South Australia to a very great extent, have been forced to become, through tho action of , manhood suffrage, a most important and neces sary part of the machinery of the trades unions. It is to the Government that the unions look for supplies to pay thoir working men to fight against the employers of labor. The Govern ments at present, on account of their loans, have practically nearly unlimited power of capital to fight against the employers of labor, wbo have only their own prirate means to back them up. Tiie result must be either the with drawal of private capital to places where it can he employed at a profit, or to so raise the import duties that capital can earn its lair profit ns well as labor. This is what has actually occurred in Victoria, where, owing to its great natural resources, both agricultural and pas toral, and to the heavy import duties levied iu that colony, a few manufactories are springing up which aro able to a certain extent to supply the local wants of tho peoplo. The finances of Vicioria are also in a better state than most of the other colonies. Tiie trades unions, and through them the Parliament of Victoria, have perceived that it sometimes pays the working classes better in the long run, even at | a slight apparent sacrifice, to do a little j for tho employer of labor by levying heavy protective duties on manufactured goods, rather than, as in New South Walos, to act always in opposition to his interests, under the j mistaken notion that what is good for tho capi talist mnst of necessity bo bad for the laborer. New South Wales, with its coals and its minerals, is really a richer country than Vic toria with all its gold, yet it does not prosper as a country ; while Victoria, which has done something for the capitalists and employers of labor, is becoming, in spite of the same defects in its constitution, more prosperous every day. The Victoriun working man looks as far as an immediate, future, while the working inan of New South Wales looks only to the present." The Westminster is strongly condemnatory of the Salisbury Coercion Bill. Tho opinion is expressed that, for the moment, Ministers will probably succeed in carrying their pro gramme, but that their policy will subsequently lio reversed by the constituencies, who will sweep away coercion aud the Liberal Unionists and the Tory Government, and all the other obstacles to tho final reconciliation of the Eng lish and Irish nations. An article on the De fence of tho Empire directs attention to the dinger to which London is exposed. "But, after all," it is added, "tho true strength of nations is moral strength — the unag gressive strength based upon nnmhers and union. Let ns endeavor to main tain the union between the mother country and her colonics, already disposed to hear their full share of Imperial obligations ; at present they can hardly stand alone, and we should undertake any sacrifice for them. The time will come, and in no very distant future, when we with our, through them, augmented uumbcrs, uud that other great Euglish-speak- iug race across the Atlantic, also our.offspriug. shall overshadow tho world in a peaceful and progressive spirit, aud for the world's lasting good." Iu a paper on the Emancipation cf Women it is suggested that the reason why the Liberal party do not take the matter, np is that they fear fhe majority of women will vote for the Tories ; and the reply to this is that it is a sin against first principles for peoplo to permit themselves to be influenced either one way oi the other by any feeling tbey may entertain on such a point, while there is a danger of forcing women to look to the Tory party for tlieii freedom. The importance of Technical Educa tion is enforced by a writer who points oul that everv industry is uffectcd by tho pre ference of the customer for that which pleases tiie eye. Deficiency in aught is often equivu- leut to deficiency iu ail, and tho faithful and earnest labor of the many may be practically wasted and rendered valueless by the lack of taste or knowledge of tho few who merely furnish the design or givo the finishing tonclies to tho work which the many have prepared. Under the title of the State in iis Manufacturing Aspects, it is showu that the system of State factories in England has proved utterly rotten. The experience of the Crimean War, when all the munitions and materiel most in request were found cither hopelessly short or helplessly inefficient, has been repeated many times since. Quite recently it has been established by impartial tribunals that State- made guns, bayonets, shot and shell, aud other munitions aro nearly all alike bad, and a new departure is imperative. Tho series of articles in the Fortnightly deal ing with the preseutpositiouof European politics discusses the condition of Italy this month. It is submitted that on the whole Italy has fewer dangers to face than auy other of the great Powers, and that she is making more rapid pro gress than any of them, with tho exception of Russia, which has the advantage of being, teiritorlally considered, almost a second United States. Of the present Pope, we are told tbat ha is not only a statesman, well informed aa to all that is going on in the capitals of Europe, but also an administrator of the greatest indus try. He not only frequently writes his own despatches, not only superintends an enormous correspondence with all parts of the world, bat tb trick of bis style is eometimes said to be recognised in tbe official organ 1 of the Vatican. Everything that ap pears in the Osservatore iiomano may be taken as having been scaled with the Pishcr's Heal. Tbe Moniteur de Home is not recognised ' as official, but its articles are oitcu meant as ; feelers, and arc, iu consequence, well worth reading. Monsignor Galiuiberti was at one time intimately connected with this journal, and ho is now tho envoy of the Vaticau, who is always employed on delicate missions which require tact and adroitness. Tho arbitration bctwecu Germany and Spain in the matter of tho Caroline I.-lunds is said to have originated with him. His recent journey to Berlin, which lias been much commented upon, and which has caused irritntion amongst come Italians, related solely to the interior policy of Germany and the relations of Prince Bismarck with the Centre. Mr. W. 'H. Mai lock continues his papers on Wealth and the Working Classes. As to the relation of ability to value, he gives as an illustration tho case of 500 navvies, nndcr the direction of ono of themselves, making 5 miles of railway in a year. This represents tlio productivity of common or average labor. Directed by the ability of the late Mr. Brassey, they made in the same time, not 5 miles, but 10\. The productivity of 500 men's energy is thus doubled by tho ubility of the five hundred and first. If, that is, Mr. Brasscy's ability exerted itself by certain superintendence, and ceased the moment he ceased himself to exer cise it, tho entire increase in the productivity of tho energy in question would bo due to his ability — labor would have contributed nothing to it. Mrs. E. Lynn Lynton brings to a co. clu- lion her interesting articles on Womanhood in Greece. With the enlarged liberties of women, she points out, came increased cor ruption of morals. The greater free dom of lifo at Lesbos had already produced the proverbial Lesbian, culminatiug in Sappho as the crystal of this sensual clay, tho gem found fixed iu this licentious slag ; and the last attempt of woman to bring bock tho old order — futile, tragic, heroic— was when Hypatiu, tho last incarnation or the dying beauty of tho Greeks, taught in tho Alex andrian schools, pleading in her virgin loveli ness and enthusiasm for the old faith, and sealing with her blood her repudiation of tbe new. The heroic male friendships of a former time, oi which the noblest expres sion had bean at Thermopylae had certaiuly contracted the lives of women to a narrower sphere than that they knew hereafter. But, in return, these women, void of such personal freedom as we rejoice in — destitnte of political power, hut steadfast to virtue — had given the world men snch as have never been surpassed, nor oven equalled. And we have not vet solved the problem of how to secure the good of the whole, save by tlie sacrifice of a part. Dr. J. H. Vincent contributes lo the Con temporary an account of The Chautauqua Literary and Scientific Circle, an educational organisation effected in America about 10 years ago. Its first decade, he says, has been crowned with a success which seems to justify the enthusiasm of its projectors aud members, and which certaiuly commends its unique aims and methods to the critical examination of all who are interested iu the causo of popular education. It enrols a membership of more than 100,000 per- sons.few of whom are under21 years of age. They are to be found, not only iu the United States and Canada, but also in Great Britain, ou tbe Continent of Europe, in India, China, South Africa and the Isles of the Sea, There are circles of readers in fhe Sandwich Islands. More than 1900 native members have been reported from Japan. Tho circle has re ceived tho unqualified approval of eminent educators, of statesmen and of clergymen, whe have taken timo to examine its aims, organisa tion aud plans of operation. It is the distinc tive mission of this literary circle to direct the reading habits of that great majority in every community — tlie full grown people who are no longer in tho schools. It is an "after school " for those who havo received the best that tho educational institutions, at their best, can give, aud for those also who abandoned ull educa tional institutions long before the best influence of these institutions was possible. Mr. St. George Mivarl's Notes on Colonial Zoology contain some interesting references to tho Aus tralian continent. It was not at first sus pected, tho writer remarks, when many curious creatures were found iu Australia so different from each other in those points of their structure which ore related to their habits of life, that they were nevertheless so united together by more hid den and essential characters as to constitute one great polymorphic natural group of animals, now called " marsupials," parallel to the whole < series of beasts which are fouud in otiicr parts of the world. Yet every terrestrial Australian ; beast differs far more from any non-Australian | animal — save tho opossum of America— thau a hat differs from tbe whnlc, or tin elephant from a mouse. The duck-billed platypus and the ant-eater differ so widely from all others that the difference before spoken of as so great between the marsupials and other beasts is as nothing to it These monotrenies lay eggs, aud the condition of the monotreme egg, if not absolutely decisive, goes far to upset the noiion that beasts came directly from ancestors allied to amphibians, and shows cause for lengthening hut our animal pedigree by giving us claims to corporeal affinity with the beautiful order of lizards which havo just acquired, by the dis covery of their single eye, so great an interest for us. Under the title of Holes iii the Edu cation Net, Mrs. Garrett Fuwcett raises her voice on behalf of young children employed in theatres, and submits tbat what is wanted is an extension to them of the protection of tbe factory acts, the power of prosecuting not to rest solely with elected bodies, but to be either extended to the public, ur entrusted to officials who will hold their posts as long aa they do their dnty with euergy and discretion. "A Modern Soldier" offers An Apology for Armies, aud argues that there are worse erils than war. War, for instance, be maintains is a less evil tbau the stsgustiuu and corruption whicli it sometimes clears away by its stormy passage. The French, after their iute catastrophe, were fain to admit that they had deserved th.ir punishment, and the mili tary training through which the nution has since gone has certainly pnrificd the people, uud welded together parts of tho country which were held apart by jeuluusics and political dis- ..jj, cement. It has "l" 'nnght. the French some modesty, and a comprehension of the fact that there is no special divinity which helps people who will uot help themselves. The writeradds: — "Whcnouehcars weak complaints agaiust having au army at all it really seems as il the time wera coming when England, too, will have her lesson, uud rise from some hitter defeat with grief and rage in her heart, and a rooted desire fer re venge. But iu such a case she could not rise as Franco has risen, the fabric of sncli a trade as ours caunot be reconstructed in a siioit time, especially as its foundation — credit — would be gone. Egypt, Babylon, Persia, Homo did not rise from their great falls, and in tho whole history of the world there never was an empire so great and so scantily provided with defence as the British Empire. As long as we remain firm and strong tho colonies will be attached to ns, but it is contrary to human nature to suppose that they would sacrifice themselves in unavailing attempts to inako good what we had lost through carelessness." Mr. R. Barry O'Brien furnishes to the Nine teenth Century a paper on tho Government Coercion Bill, in which he remarks that an Absolutist Government has not been tried in , Ireland sinee the days of Oliver Cromwell. " Cromwell," he observes, " kept Ireland quiet for his time. Have Ministers the nerve to try an Absolutist Government again ? One some times bears it said, ' Lord olseley is the man for Ireland.' Have Ministers the conrage to send Lord Wolseley and Lord Dnfferin to Ireland as absolute rnlers for 20 years ? Dare I they do it in th lac ol English pnbUe opinion ? If not, then tho game of Union it up." Mr. G. J. Bomanes has an interesting article on mental differences between men and women. Discussing tho Decay of Bodily Strength in Towns, Lord Brabazon directl attention to tho necessity for introducing physical exercises iu schools. The School Board of Loudon, it seems, lmve taken a useful step by tho introduction of Swedish musical drill amongst the girts attending their Lord Brnbuzon hopes that within a short time there will be no school within theUuited King dom which will not teach gymnastic exercises to its boys aud Swedish drill to its girls. " Almost every aution in Europe," lie says, " with the , exception of ths English, has established such a .-ystcm of com pulsory physical training, aud spends larga sums of monoy in strengthening the bodies and nerves of its future citizens. Wo alone neglect thi3 precaution. . Do wo believo that there is something in British llesh and blood which is able to withstand the deteriorating influences of bad air and food and want of healthy exercise? If so, we are living in a veritable fool's paradise, and when the stress of national danger arrives we shall find that our men are made of different stuff from those who fought and conquered the combined armies of Europe. Those men were mostly reared in country homes, on whole some, though may be, coarse fare, and under the pure canopy of heaven ; not fed on white bread and adulterated beer or spirits, working in cellars and warehouses into which tho full day- , light seldom or never penetrates." Other nations, he goes on to point out, do not neglect tho physical education of the people. It is now SO years since Germany first established th! l'urnverein, or National Gymnastic Associa tion, which, by its thorough and systematifl training of. the entire population in gymnastic exorcises, strengthening to th# body and nerves, and productive of physical courage, many believe to hare been in no slight degree instrumental in the thorough defeat which the French sustained in 1870. Sir Arthur Otway deals with some of the fallacies of the Frencli press in regard to English affairs, and points out that the English presa relies chiefly on facts, aud is eminently practi cal, whilst tlie French press is emotional, in- iuencing the feelings rather than the reason sf its readers In a sketch oi German lif# iu Loudon, Leopold Kutscber shows that although about 300,000 persons emigrate from England every year, the inflow from othor countries amply counterbalances this desertion. There are hardly fewer than a quarter of n million Germans in England, and the German :olony in that couufry is, after that of North America, the largest German group in any extra German state. Mr. Gladstone is again occupying his leisure moments with classical studies, aud this month ho has some thing to say about Apollo as one of the greater Gods of Olympus. Mr. George Baden-Powell devotes un article to proving that it is necessary that the Boyal stylo and titles be amended so us to make it perfectly clear that the colonies and dependencies of Great Britain are integral parts of the British Empire, lie argues that there must be an expausion of (lie Royal title to meet and cover the expansion of tiie nation, and he cites as a precedent the circumstance that when Spenser dedicated liis Faery Queen to Queen Elizabeth, he gave her the ntlo of " Empress Queen of England, of Ireland and of Virginia." For ber Majesty to accept such a trust as he pro poses, he adds, would ho to indelibly stamp on the ' history of the uation tho greatest of th# incidents of that history, viz., the growth of th# Colonial Empire iu tiie Victorian age. 