THE GRAVEDIGGER'S LAMENT. As true, Sir, as I am alive, There's not a dead man in the town, They all seem to fatten and thrive, I'd like to put some of : them down. Whilst people are happy and gay, And full of exuberant glee, Gravedigging's no part of the play, Which is a grave matter to me. At me they all jeeringly laugh, AhS'hadthey more cryingtodo, I'd take all thfejgrain from their chafl* Bury .all animosity too, ' Fm -counting the headstones.all day. There's nothing else left me to count, If some would there last-accoUiit pay, I'd settle my butSKet's imount. Oh 1 had we a second " *Gny,Fawkes To blow up the Parliament here, 'T would be the best blowing by chalks, We've had for-tiie space of a year. : Foi? what g<fod theiyparly has meant In-only one thing is made clear. They seem to be mutually bent In shouting each othec a bier. Well, the soonerthe bett&foroiie;, Some " Brutus " solve "all witha knifs, Some " Caid " Tote for felo de Be, Then spades would be trumps in the strife. But alas! no coffin comes here, Excepting the cough in my chest, And never the sight of a bier Gives hope for a beer or a crust. I scarce kesp the wolf from the door, Of wolf snaps I've more than my share, And at last I'm left to deplore The want of a bottle of square. To my colors I always was true, In violet, my promises were; But now the Chameleon's hue Comes over me everywhere. My. favorite coior is black, But I'm white, in a fit of the blues, I'm dun, when the season is slack, And green when my tradesmen abuse. But then, I'm undoubtedly red, They know it's not rosy with me, My browns, will scarce pay for my bread, I'm lead, colored sadly you pee. The olive I took for my bride £b telling me every day \- I'm no longer.a figure of pride,' Bnt growing both yellow and grey. , I surely must give np the ghost, If ghosts will not give up, I must, My creditors come in a host, And I must down with the dust- G.M. March 10, 1887. Beverley Primitive Mbe$m«8t Band of Hope.—On Thursday evening tea and public meetings were held at Beverley in connection with the above. There was * large attenjduice at the tea, whioh was provided from funds raised by collection} at the fortnightly meetings of the Band of Hope;; At the public meeting the Rev. S. Wellington presided, There were also on the platform the . Rev. J. G. Wright, and' Messrs. E.' Hack, Godley, and J. T. Headdey. The chairman in his opening remarks explained that the meeting was of a twofold character, viz., a festival of the Band of Hope and to say farewell to Mr. and Mrs. Headdey, who are contemplating a trip to England. He spoke tmlogiatioally of Mr. Headdey, and the great Interest he had always manifested in the Church and Band of Hope in that district. He wished Mr. and Mrs. Headdey a pleasant voyage. Other speakers followed, all of whom expressed the sams sentiments as the chairman. Mr. Headdey, in responding said he had been a resident of Beverley nearly thirty-five years, thirty-two of which he had been connected with the temperance cause. During that time he made it a rule to devote £52 per annum to the Church and the Band of Hope. He thanked the friends for their kind wishesj- During the evening songs and recitations were con 3 tributed by the members of the Band of Hope, and Mr. Willis's brass band played several selections. At the close of. the meeting the Sunday School prizes were distributed. How can you learn self-knowledge ? Never by meditation, but best by action. Try to do your duty, and you will soon find what you are worth. What is your duty ? The exigency of the day.— Goethe. 