VISIT OF THE BISHOP OF MEL BOURNE. The Right Rev. Dr. Goe, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, commenced his annual visita tion to this district yesterday. In the forenoon he conducted service at the Marshalltown Church, being assisted by the Rev. Canon Goodman (incumbent of Christ Church), and he was listened to by an exceptionally large congregation. At three o'clock in the afternoon his Lordship administered the rite of confirma tion at All Saints' Church, Newtown, to 66 candidates, chiefly young people, and 44 of whom were females, prettily attired in white costumes. The church was filled with spectators, and many were unable to obtain entrance to the building. When the Bishop and confirmees entered at the appointed hour, the choir, under the leadership of Mr Burston, rendered the appropriate hymn, "Onward, Christian Soldiers," Miss Cullen playing the organ accompaniment. The Rev. Canon Goodman, the bishop's chap lain, recited the usual instructions to those who were to be confirmed, and they were then addressed by the Bishop. He reminded them of the vows which they were about to renew, and said they should ask themselves seriously whether they earnestly appreciated the great work which was being wrought in their favor; whether they came there because they were, actuated by a true religious feeling, or because it was customary for young people to go to confirmation. When they were baptised they promised to be sol diers of the Lord Jesus Christ, to obey Him, to deny themselves, and suffer for Him if necessary. Christ Himself had said, " If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and follow me." They were there that day to ratify and strengthen their vows and good resolutions, and to obtain the graces of the Holy Ghost, which would help them to do so. They were to imitate the obedience of the soldier in accepting the teachings of the church, and were required to show their loyalty by boldly confessing and defending the faith throughout their lives. After some further exhortations, the Bishop put to his hearers the question—" Do ye here in the presence of God and of this congregation, renew the solemn promise and vow that was made in your name at your baptism, ratifying and confirming the same in your own persons, and acknowledging yourselves bound to believe and do all those things which your godfathers and godmothers then undertook for you." This and minor questions were audibly answered by the confirmees, who subsequently approached the Bishop for confirmation. His Lordship, in extending bis hands over the candidates, recited io each Instance the following prayer: —"Defend, oh Lord, this child with Thy Heavenly grace, that he or she may continue Thine for ever, and daily increase in Thy Holy Spirit more and more until he come to the everlasting kingdom." The Revs. Canon (Chalmers, F. Davis (incumbent of All Saints' Church), R. H. Potter (curate of St. Paul's), — Cameron (curate of Christ Church), and Sproule (pastor of the Ceres Church) were present during the cere mony in their official robes. At the conclu sion of the ceremony the Bishop again briefly addressed those who had been confirmed upon the efficacy of prayer and pious reading in aiding them to carry out the will of God and fulfil the pledges they had taken. They had been told by Christ, " Without me ye can do nothing," but they had only to ask Him, and they would have their necessities satisfied.They should pray in secret every day of their lives ; their prayers need not necessarily be long — God knew their desires before they gave utterance to them — but they must pour out their hearts fervently to Him. They should address Him as their Father — He had invited them to do so — and lay all their troubles and wants at His feet. He hoped they read their bibles, and did not keep them as some people did — locked up in a glass case. He urged them to read a portion of the Scriptures every day. They might com mence by reading the Gospel of St. Mark at, say, ten verses per day. He did not ap prove of the practice of some who read from the first page that presented itself when the bible was opened. They should not leave the work half finished by neglecting, after confirmation, to approach the Lord's table and partake of the Holy Communion. Christ had recorded His desire that they should join in the benefits of their spiritual banquet, in the words "Do this in remembrance of Me." In conclusion, the bishop asked the parents to give the necessary home instruc tion and assistance to their children, and to walk with them in the " safe and narrow way to eternal glory." At the evening service in St. Paul's Church a crowded congregation assembled to hear a sermon by the Bishop of Mel bourne. He preached upon the well-known parable of the talents, quoting as his text the words — " But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his Lord's money" — in the 25th chap., 18th verse of the gospel of St. Matthew. During the course of his remarks he drew attention to the practical view which the Lord intended they should take of the parable. He ex pected them to be faithful, and to make use of the gifts allotted to them. It was not sufficient that they should refrain from mak ing an evil use of the qualities given them : God would not be satisfied with negative lives ; they were expected to at least return interest for the gifts accorded them. It was important to remember that the foolish virgins only sinned by omission ; and the man who had one talent given him did not trade with it to make evil, but had failed only because he had hidden it. Reference was also made by the preacher at some length to the self deception of many Christians, who repined at what they con sidered an unjust allotment of God's gifts. They did not interpret rightly the parable. God, however he assigned his gifts, intended that those who made a diligent use of them would be well rewarded. They should remember the pregnant warning " Cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness," and seriously ask themselves whether they were becoming negligent or letting their talents go to rust, and if so,make amends as soon as possible in the present season of Advent. 