Oddities in Wills. Simple a matteras it reallyis, lawyers have not always been successful in drawing their ownwills. Lord St. Lronards, High Chan cellor of England, who as, Edward Sugden, was the most eminent chancery lawyer in England, and who, with a number of law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his own will, and it required an expensive lawsuit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it pro. per effect. The will of Lord Westbury, another Lord High Chancellor, drawn by him self, met with the same fate. I could give many similar instances. There have been devises to animals or for their benefit which have been valid to cats, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not un frequently people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven. teenth century has several items of that kind -for instance: " I give nothing to my Lord Ssye, and I do make this legacy willingly because I know that he will faithfully die. charge it unto the poor. Item-I givelup the ghost." Lord Bacon had no property to leave, but he left a regular executed will, in which he bequeathed his name and memory "to men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations and the next ages." Shakespeare left an elaborate will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the Shakepeareans not a little. "I give unto my wife my second best bed, With the furniture." Why did'he only give Ann Hathaway his second beet, and not his best bed? Nothing else did she get, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason why. . Lord Nelson left a will, drawn jirat before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to his king and country, but neither king nor country accepted the legacy, and they both came to want, Lady Hamilton dyingin abject poverty. Napoleon in his willleft a handsome legacy to a wretch named Chatillon, who had at tempted to assassinate Wellington.. The will of Rabelais has this alause: "I owe a great deal; the rest Igive to the poor." His last words when dying were: "I go to see the great Perhaps." A famous French abbe had this pithy clause in his will: "To my steward Ileave nothing, because he has been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave allhis property to his wife, with the proviso that if she marries again she is to have only what the law allows her. I have drawn a number of suohwills. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife so. He had married very late in life Ann Randolph, a cousin of John, of Roanoke, a woman muohyounger thanhimself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in case she married again the income should be-doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuncopative will-that is, a will by word of mouth, by which personal estate may be dis posed of, but you, being a civilian, must make yours in writing. It don't matter much what the writing is on-it may be on a slate, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable that it is advisable that it should be on paper or parchment. You may write it and sign your name in pencil if you like, but it is bet. ter to do it ink. You may make your will in Choctaw, if you happen to understand that language, or it may, as Hamlet says: "be writ in the choic. estItalian"; you may write it in shorthand, or in abreviations, or in cipher, so long as you leave the key behind you. Courts are not martinets as to the spelling, and if your orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they can make it out. If you wish to drop into poetry, even that is permit ted, as the following case of a valid will shows: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving sisters most dear, The whole of my store, Were it twice as much more, Which God's goodness has granted to me; And that none may prevent This, my will and intent, ,Or occasion the least of law raoket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm sign and seal, This, the trues act and deed of Will Jacket. It seems strange that in so small a conn' try as England, and one which has been clavi. lized so long, there should be found any new plants at this late day; yet a species of lichen, hitherto :unknown to occur in Britain, was recently discovered in Westmoreland. Call. auim Roscidium is its Botanical name.J A French;physiologist has ascertained that very poisonous extracts may be abtained from edible mushrooms, by treating them with chloroform or various ethers. He calls these poisons, cryptomaines. To their pre. sence may be attributed the fataleffects which sometimes result from eating fungi which are ordinarily perfectly wholesome, 