T h e l l i n e T h a t C o n q t i c r ' s C a r e . Nay, frown not, fairest 1 Ohide no more, Nor blame the blushingwine ; fiery lips are innocent "When thrill^ the pulse with thine. Go, leave the £obletin my hand, . Bnt veil thy-glances bright, Leet wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreck soul to-night. - Then, dearest, to the ancient vine,: In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and qnafi . The wine that, oonqners-care; And breathe tipon the glowing cup, \- Till thus its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orange groves Upon some tropic sea., Then while the fingera idly stray In dalliance o'er thejyre,.. Sing to me love, some rare old song That gashed from heart of fire- Song such ^ 'Grecian- phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. ^ Sing till-th&Ishniita; of armedmen *-" Bing bravely out once more I Sing till again the ghost-jwhite tents Shine on the moonlit skore I Bid from their tnelancholy graves . The buried hopes to start, knew£ra-many;a storm had*wept v The dewdro^s from my heart. ~ ' Sing the deep memories of the past 1 ily sonl shall follow thee— Its boundless depths are echoing ' • Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations hang Enfettered on the air. - I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conquers care; A Great Traffic in Fowls —Speaking J the immense numh^r .of Jowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vacs of the ordinary sizei bat specially constructed for tbiB traffic. The sides ate of lattice-work, and internally the van is divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On each tier jthere are twelve usages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In this way the prodigious ^number of three thouaandjtwo hundred and fifty fowls is conveyed in a single waggon. The cages are provided with tins for water .-on one eide and I !or corn on the other, and there is a door iri each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can be at once removed. The birds are said not to.suJfer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan ar even from Veniae, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the Spanish frontier. • We often thank Heaven that we a e not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a role -we do so with -jostice), bat if the Irish poultry consigned to the markęts of London or Glasgow could see the arrangements that are made, for the accomodation of; their Italian brethren, they would surdy pray to be delivered from the careless. kindheartednsss of the English, and haGded over to the< calculating mercies ol the Italian. BeggaisSnpported by Ramblers-—Perhaps tbe Ramblers are the bsst.-euppqrt^of beggars. If you know where a poker game or a faro bank is located—of course y ou don't; i joa never saw anything of that kind, and I i mow , will be quite aearpriEetpyontolearn that tbey exist, if, indeed, you know what tbey are—you'll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are superstitious, and, they will sot upon any consideration pass a beggar by without giving him a small contribution. It would be bad lock. Perhaps there's a trifle of conscience about it, and they .have, after all, a sense of some power-above them-to be ap.- peased by their helping the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. I have knowh actors imbued with the same sentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. He had a play com- ing out, and the night it was to be produced, juBt before the curtain went- up,' a beggar tackled him. He gave him a penny. •< There," eaid he," that's good look. My play will be a go." It was a terrific failure... wish Fd given bim a -florin !" he said. . The superstition was all right. The amount hadnt been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. TTis Costumes-—Bichard Wagner generally received his visitors in medieval costumes Buch as he always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one .day, was highly amused at the mbsquerade. " Von are all dressed up. to play 'Gessler,' eh?" Eaid Dumas, with ins good-natured langh, which rather hart the feelings of the author of ." Tannhanser," who nevertheless returned M. Dumas' visit when next he wentto Saris. After same -delay M. .Dumas appeared at laEt, arrayed in a inagnificent'dressing-gpwn with large flower pattern, a helmet with flying plumeB, a lifebelt roand his waist, and enormous riding'boots. - • - - '«• Pardon me," said he majestically, " for appearing in my working costume. - I can do nothing without being dnssed'mtbit manner. TTnlf of my ideas live, in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, which are indispensable to me when I write my love scenes." isioral Courage .—There is a^braye man in Kentucky. Tne State Is opted Ior ; the bravery of her sons and the beauty of her daughters; bat the man we speak of has a bind of courage which is raro cverywliere and «t alltimtei His name is lołrn :|Me£l On the stump recently, Mr. Bhea descanted with freedom npon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal oombat. . Bhea dined to fight l o t lour reasons: L -He did not believe in duelling. 3. It was against the law. 3. There was gome one dependent upon him to whom he owed protection. 4. His acceptance ol & challenge would exclude him from the practice of his profession in Kentucky. These are arguments which Ins opponents will find it difficult to answer. f At the same time, speakers who -do not believe In duelling are practically bonnd to treat their respect. ' A feeble bnt Xaoetiont applicant lor em' ployment in Brisbane called npon ths %lder man bom his ward,~£he other day, and pressing his claims to consideration upon jthe ground of service : rendered npon election, urged the to secure him ia plaoe. u |Wby, my dear fellow, yon are too eick to work. I would gladly.do anything I could ior yon, bnt it is ont ol the question; there -ia no one of the departments, that.-wonld -fit your case." " Tent there? What's the matter with -the Health Department? " Pemale studenta aw nnmaroos In Fans {most of thBtn BasaansJ/andgenczslly poor, eo they clnb together and put their reeouroee into a common fond. One room is nsed as a .dormitory* another as a etady^etc., bM B mmJB oo*)k Aom (rw«n- 