FOR LOVE'S SAKE` CHAPTER XXVIII. A MILrrARY hospital is an orderly place cool, quiet, clean, everything in the trim array that .is so painfully suggestive of constant and sudden moving in all that pertains to soldiers. It is not a place of luxurious comfortor lotus-eating ease; the sick are cared for attentively, and cured, if possible with all the appliances that surgery'and medical skill can devise; but the routirie 'f the service is as declared in1 the sick -iwd ass in the barrack-room,' and men: are not desirous of staying in the; monotony 'of 'the hospital longer than they can help. Thetee are no wImen in the' army hospitals as- i rule; the nurses, deft and handy though they be, and tender beyondd belief, very often to their suffering:dom rades, are all men- trained orderlies, who go about, their. duties in a business-likei fashion, which takes off all the comfort and pleasure of their presence to their sick comrades. The roughest and surliest woman-hater that ever growled at the sex likes a-woman about him when he is ill cares for the soft tones of a woman's voice and the gentle touch of a feminine hand in his hours of suffering. There is a great charm in the presence of a handy, cheerful woman by a sick bed, and David Foster and his comrades in the hospital at the Montreal .barracks were heartily thankful for. the presence of Serjeant Farrell's wife among them, now arid 'then. She was a round, dumpling like little woman of the Dot species, with a bright face and clear, honest, grey eyes, whose frankness was a pleasure to See. She was always clean and fresh, and seldom came into the wards empty-handed, if it was only a flower she brought. ' It made the place look brighter,' she used to say, and would place a mug of flowers on the table or by the bedside of some sufferer too weak even to lift his head to see-them further off.' ' She had nothing ieally to do in the wards, except that she 'lived, in the build ing with her husband and a baby, as round-eyed and bright-faced as herself; but the doctors and their factotums alvys. acknowledged her usefulness, and were wont to say that Mrs. Farrell's face was as good as a tonic. Her husband was ' hospital sergeant,' a postof no small responsibility, involving the whole charge of the building and all in it, and 'Polly,' as he called his wife, was a notable industrious little woman, who' made their quarters into a cosy little home, and the sergeant. the envy of all his mates, married or unmarried. The day after David Foster was brought in, Robert Farrell, found .his wife.staring out of the window at nothing, in a stuly, so brown that she had let the saucepan of potatoes oni the fire boil' over and male' a tremendous mess. ,'Why, Polly; lie exclaimed, making her jump, and bring her back.to the realities of life; ',What's the matter ?' ' Lor, Robe't, how you frightened me l I was thinking-m-iiercy me,. look at' that fire 1' ' Yes, you were a thousand miles away at least, I should say,' he said, laughing, as Polly proceeded to: clean tip the swamp of ashes and water to ,set niatters straight. ' I was a great deal-more,' she replied; I. was back in England again. I say, Bob W ' ,it,',,: . ': : , . r .' , .. ' Who is the man that 'was' burt:in the' fire ?' 'Well, he's Daivid 'Fosteri, of `Captain Baylis's company; that's all I knowi about him , child.' :,' .. ; ! .': "'s that' ii `'rea'iniame, do you think ?' 'My dear girl, I .don't know.;,:its the only:one he's got here any way.'' ' I should like to know.'` °:' ' Why ?' 'Becdause'I think I've seen hiiim 'efofe.' 'Ohl' Sergeant Farrell's ' oh' was rather like Btfrleigh's :,nod-it meant a great'rd l m'iore ihat 'it 'expressed. There was a slight soupcon of jealousy in. it, mixed with a great deal of curiosity,' and Polly understood it perfectly, 'for she laughed. and?said ' Don't be a donkey, Bob, but find out for me if you 'can. It gave'isie. quite.a turn seeing him: 'It was'like a' ghost I' ' I don't.suppose he'd tell me if I were to ask'im.' ,2 . No,. but his chum rnmight know; that tall'fellow that came ;up,this,morning; 'he was actually, cryinig over,' him, . Bob (I shall like, that man, I know); I should likesto know where Foster came from, and when he joined, and all about him.' S'.And. I should like to 'know who you fancy he is, Mrs. Farrell.' '.No one I ever spoke a word to in all my life,' Polly replied; ' I only saw him twice, but the likeness is horrible, dreadful -it hlias made me feel quite ill.' 'I hope your indisposition has not spoiled the potatoes,' her husband said, laughing.; ' I'm very hungry, Polly.'. He , made. all the. inquiries. that'':he could, for Polly's curiosity had aroused his own; :but he could learn nothing, 'except that:ihe wounded man was supposed to be a 'swell' by his comrades, and that Jabe' Bhick literally worshipped him. But no one had ever heard of him under any other name, and there seemed ",no re'ason to suppose that he had ever" borne another.. . . 'I suppose it is fancy,' Polly said, when she had heard all there was to be told about him. ' And the man he is so like is dead-I read 'about' his death in the newspapers.' 'Thentof course it isn't him, you goose,' her husband remarked, and the subject died out between' them.' tf :did not. die. out of .Mrs. Farrell's' mind; the more she saw of David Foster the. more his poor, scarred face puzzled her; and her's seemed to have an equally: ,odd effect upon him.:' He would watch her as she moved about the ward with an anxious effort to recall where he had seen her before, but could not come to any conclusion on the subject. He asked lier once how long she had been married, and what she was before she met Sergeant Farrell; and she told him a servant-she had been a servant all her life. Then he wanted to know who she had lived with, and she told him the names of one or two people, but they struck no chords in his memory. ' I wonder if I was to tell him where my lase mistress lived once, whether it would help his memory-at all,' she said to herself, after a long spell of talking to him. ' It wasn't fancy, after all; but I mustn't speak till I have thought it over.' 'Where have I seen her face?' was David Foster's constant qu'ery; and there came a time when the mystery was solved. One day she went to David Foster's bedside, dressed to go but. TO BE CONTINUED. Soven deaths ocourred in Viotoria last weeok from diphtheria. Mr. Francis Edis Doeaver, M.L.O., died on Friday night, and Mr. Thomas Brornoll, M.IL?O. on Saturday. 