INVEKMAY SUNDAY-SCHOOL. For some time past the want of a Sunday-school at Invermay has engaged the mind3 of several persons who have taken an interest ia this rising suburb, and on Saturday afternoon the foundation stone of what promises to be a most suc cessful Echool was laid in the presence of about 300 ladies, gentlemen, and children. The building is to be erected at a coat of +,4.00, the money being the gift or Mrs George Fisher, whilst the site vrns pur chased by subscription for £G0, the valuable piece of land between the school Bile and the road being the gift of Mr Charles Kent as the Bite of a future church. The design for the school is a neat one, the plans having been prepared by Mr A. Luttrell fres of cost. The pleasing ceremony of laying the Btone took place at 3 30 p.m., and amongst others present we noticed Mr n ? : ? ? nrtij-.t ? j nr- t- c? Sadler, Mr T. S. Cleminshaw, and others. The proceedings were conducted by Arch deacon Hales. A number of children belonging to Miss WMiefoord's Sunday school proceeded from the Commission5! 's ? house at 3 30 p.m . carrying banners with the ilj?cr!p'ion ' Invermay Mission Church School,' and singing ' We march, we march to victory.' As they enter d the ground they were met by Archdeacon Hales in college dress, and escorted to a raised platform, wh;ch had been placed on the foundation of the building. Here they sang 'Onward Christian Soldiers,' Mr Damergue, of Melbourne, formerly organist at Trinity, presiding at the organ. The 24th Psalm was then read in the usual manner by clergyman and people. The Lord's Prayer was then read, and the collcct for the 2nd Sunday in Advent, read : — For the Building. — Accept, O gracious Lord, the work wo are doing to-day, and make this building to be a nursery fur Ihe little ones of Thy family iu this p'ace to their everlasting blessedness, and to Thy glory through Jesus Christ our Lord ! Amen. For Benefactors. — O, merciful Father, bles3, we boeeech Thee, all who in Thine honor have helped the sacred work of this school, especially her who has given this building at liar own sole charge. Repay them out of the rich treasury of Thy grace, that they and tho children of this school may rejoice in Thy presence for ever. Wo ask this in the name of Jeaus Christ our Lord. Amen. For the Children.— 0, Almigii'y God. who has s.iiit Thy Son Je^uB Chris*, to b our cxamp'e in ail thing*, graui the chil dren who may aticn-i thio school to lev.!) the blessed truths of t!\,j 1 inly WnrJ, a':ii t-.i follow Mia ho'y Miy 'i iiy cfpirit tlu-m atrl i ' ! ; y u:.- 1 ?! - them. M»y they grow up ta-n n:.d women after the pattern of Jesus Christ, strengthening the church by their ex ample and works till Thou shalt call them to Thine eternal home, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. For the Teachers. — O, Father of wisdom and God of grace, bless the labors of Thy servants who may here teach the little ones of Thy flock. Give theai wisdom and gentle love, and enable them to plant Christ in tho hearts of the children of this school, by their example and loving words, and bless themselves with the rich re- j wards of Thy goodness, for Jesus Christ For the Parents. — O, Heavenly Father, we humbly beseech Thee so to guide and govern the hearts of the parents of the children of this Sunday-school, that they may remember that they are Thy chil dren, to bo taught by them in their earthly homes, so that they may finally enter together with them into the blessed Home of the Redeemer in Heaven ; and this we pray, for Jesus Christ, His sake. Amen. The foundation stone was then lifted, and Archdeacon Hales said the following had been written on a paper, which Mrs Fisher would deposit under the stone : — 'This building, erected to the glory of God and of His Son, Jesus Christ, is given by Mrs Fisher at a cost of £400 in loving memory of her late husband, George FiEher, long a respected citizen of Laun ceston, and an attached and faithful friend of the Church of the Holy Trinity. The site was purchased by subscription at a cost of £60. Daniel Fox Sandford, D.D., Bishop of Tasmania ; Francis Hales, A.B., Archdeacon of Jjauticeston, for 31 years incumbent of the parish, and for two years previously curate in charge ; Miss Jane Whitefoord, the first teacher, who carried on the school in her father's house. Saturday afternoon, 3 30 o'clock, April 23, in the year of grace, 1887, Inver may, near Launceston.' Mrs Fisher said — This atone ia now laid in loving memory cf my late dear hus band, George Fisher, and I declare it to be well and truly laid, to which the Arch deacon responded, ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Arehdfia.onn RalnH then rpad T.nkfi 9nd chap., 41st verse, to the end, and in reviewing the passages he read, he re minded those assembled of our Lord's true boyhood, of His growth in bodily siz3, and of the favor He gained among the neighbors. Probably they said ' There goes a good boy, and how tall he is growing.' He was taught in the religious schools of the Jews out of the Old Testa ment, which was the only Bible He had. He had to learn it just as bo;s and girls learnt it now, and He tried to do what it taught Him, so when He entered upon His dutisa as a man He fulfilled them properly. If boys and girls wished to live happy lives, they would have to follow that j example, learn their Bible in the Sunday- ! school and at home, and tiy to do what it i teaches, ,-nd, as Jesus said, pray to God to help them, then they could expect a happy life, spent under God's blessing. A collection was then taken up, and £12 realised. The children then sang ' The church's one foundation,' concluding by the Archdeacon saying the prayer of grace. The Archdeacon called for three cheers for Mrs Fisher, Miss Whitefoord, Mr Luttrell, the ladies and gentlemen who attended the laying of the stone, and also those who would be teachers in the school. Three ringing cheers were then given for the Archdeacon, and the proceedings terminated 