PERLEY'S SPECULATIONS. [BY MI DEXSEL, in Harper's You,ng People.] J PABT I. j The beginning of it all wa3 when f armer I Giddmgs gave Perley Paine a rooster, a hen, and their youthful daughter a lank, long legged, half-grown chicken. " Being as it's the t sventy-second of February, you might call 'em George and Martha Wash ington and the Hatchet," suggested Mr, Gid dings. Perley accepted the gift with mingled grati tude and disapproval. He sat eyeing the scrawny group gloomily, until the Hatchet lurched suddenly forward to catch a belated winter fly ; upon which George gave vent, to a melancholy crow, and Martha cackled hoarsely. Perley'8 face brightened. "I'll make some thing out of you yet, you wretched skeletons," said he, with energy. And indeed, in less than a month, plenty of corn and grain and Indian meal had wrought a miracle. George became plump and shining; his wattles waxed fierce and red. The Hatchet grew fat and spry. As for Martha, Bhe began to lay eggs at a famous rate. One-two-six-ten; I declare there are a dozen eggs," counted Perley. "Now we'll begin buEinesB." - So early the next morning he appeared at Squire Allen's door. "1 thought, Mrs. Allen," began Perley, when that rosy, happy-faced lady came to greet him-"I thought maybe you'd buy eggs of me this spring. Eggs are twenty-five cents a dozen at the stores; but I like to go on another- basis. Suppose I bring you at least a dozen eggs every other Saturday. If I bring them promptly, you give me thirty cents ; if my ben doesn't come up to time, why, you only give me twenty cents a dozen. Maybe I'll make five cents and you'll lose; maybe you'll make and I'll lose. . Speculation, you see. Can't we trade ?" Mrs. Allen, being very obliging, and also fond of her lively young neighbor, "traded." For two months she bought Perley's eggs, and the balance was nearly even. Martha was diligent and attentive to her business; so if sue fell short one fortnight, she amply made up in the next. If Perley came crestfallen with only six eggs on one Saturday, he was sure to appear with a dozen and a half before long. Trade flourished and decreased, and Perley waB either jubilant or in trouble. Still, it was exciting. More so, he was sure-yes, far mora interesting than to sell his eggs at the regular market value, and run no risks. "Begin with eggp, and with railroads aud bank stock," muaed Perley. " Speculation's the business for me," But suddenly a dire calamity befell. Night after night there was confusion in the hen house ; a hubbub; evidently a battle ;'for more ; than once Perley found broken eggs and j scattered feathers. j Who or what was the enemy? In viin { Perley tried to discover. The affair became I very serious. Trade languished wofully by reason of those broken eggs. At last, one moonlight evening, while Peiley was on the watch, a pretty black- and white creature was seen creeping slyly along. At fi;rBt Perley thought it a kitten, but a strong odor came, wafted on the breeze. "If it were only a fox or a weasel," groaned Perley; " but to be robbed by a-" Perley set a trap. The shrewdest sinner of the genus mephitis walked round it and over it, but_ never into it, Perley tried poison. The wily thief sniffed at it, and broke two extra eggs to pay for the insult, while-oh, misery !-George was found next morning stiff and stark, having pecked at the strychnine and given up the ghost. In rage and despair Perley caught the afflicted Martha under one arm, tucked Hatchet under the other, and marched to Mrs, Allen. "It's no use," said he bitterly. "You must raise your own eggs, ma'am. If you'll give roe a dollar and a half you can have both these fowls," Mrs. Allen had the softest heart in the world, so the money was placed in Perley's band. He was walking slowly home there with, and thinking how lie should miss the fun of "trade," especially now when his gains were growmg faster than his losses, when he m6t Billy O'Grafferty coming round a corner nibbling a pea-nut. Now Perley had a speaking acquaintance with Master O'Grafferty, as opposing generals may recognise and respect one another for mutual courage and prowess. Billy was the leader of the Irish gentry of O'Grafferty Court, between whom and the High-Sohool boys was a good-natured but perpetual warfare. Perley was the up-town captain, and many were the hand-to hand tussles he had had with the hard fisted Billy, But as they were equal in point of bruises and valor Perley could afford a gracious "How are you?" and Billy was prompt with his equally condescending "Hollo, have a pay-nut ?" Where did you get them ?" asked Perley, seeing that Billy's pockets were full to over , flowing, I " Captain By lea's ship's in, Down to Emery's w'arf. He's got a bag o' nuts. Giving of 'em away, he is." Perley's mind made a quick jump thi3 way and that way, and he was ru»hing toward Emery's wharf. What could be the secret which Perley was p6uring into Captain Byles's ear, and which made the jolly captain throwback his head and roar with merriment? Then Perley would catch the captain's vest button aud eagerly whisper something more, and again the wharf would fairly ring with peals of laughter. " I shall double my capital in no time," ended Perley. " Come now, captain." Bless my soul !" shouted the cipfcain, " 'Double my capital!' Well, you be a sharp youngster, Not another nut Bhail you boys j have. Off with you. Trade's the word-apecu I lation's the idea. Ha! ah! ha-a a !" | There was mere mystery yet; there was a j canvaB bag, there was a rattling of nuts, there I was a slipping of three 50-cent pieces into Captain Byles's pocket, there was a hurried " Good luck to you!" and Perley was running off as fast as he had come, leaving the captain to rub biB hands and chuckle. [ " Sharp little chap! Ha f ha ! ha a-a !" I The very next day, as dusk came on, Mr3, Paine was coming home laden with bundles ! from a shopping expedition, when the fi.ire of ; an oil torch met her eyes. "Peanuts ! fresh, hot pea-nuts I" The voice sounded familiar, and what should meet her bewildered gaze but the face and form of her own son behind a shabby deal table at the corner of the street. There he stood, in shrill accents exhorting the passers to " Buy my pea-nuts !-10 cents a qu-a-art!" '* Perley Paine, what are you doing ?'' Perley started, blushed, hesitated. "Why, selling peanuts, mother. I bought them cheap. (Excuse me. Pea-nuts, did you say, sonny? One pint? Five cents. Call again.) Captain Byles sold me 50 quarts for 1 dollar 50. I sell them at-(Ob, Judge Western! Two quarts? Yes, sir; tliank you. Trade is brisk)-at 10 cents a quart, mother, I'd gain 3 dollars and a half if I didn't have to pay Billy O'Grafferty 50 cents for roasting them in his oven and tending shop. Usually I don't sell; I only keep the books. To night Billy has the toothache, so I take 10 cents off his regular pay for absence. He eays it's mean; I say it's busi ness. The whole affair's a speculation, mo fcher; for if the regular pea-nut man on Congress street finds me out hell lower his price, and i that's the end of me." Mrs. Paine walked slowly home, shaking her head. Should she stop Perley's wiidscheme 1 But she was a wise woman. " The b must learn by experience, and he's filer father'# son, I'll trust him." So the only bepther eyes wide open, butsiid no word,| even when at the end of a week, Peiiejf came heme with a severe eoldanjf aching throat. "Eut it's worth it, mother," ho cried tri umphantly. "IVe cleared two dollars and ninety cents. That's nearly as much as I hoped. The regular pea-nut man got wind of it, and the boys came to jeer over me, but 1 snapped my fingers at them and showed them my empty bag." He bore the discomfort of his sore throat bravely, and said not a word of complaint when a whole night he lay awake feverish and ill. But a hotter fever than any mere cold could bring was in Perley'a veins-the fever which has conBumed many an older and wiser person. His mother was somewhat amazed when, a few days later, aa the ladies of the church " guild " were planning for a little sale, Perley drew her on one side and whispered, " Parsuade them to have it in Fluent Hall, won't you 2" '"But why in Fluent Hall ?" "It's a -speculation," answered Perley. "I knew people would be having fairs and sociables, so Mr. Fluent and I ate in jvirtner ship, mother. I'll let that hall to you for tea dollars, mother! Ab, now do say 'yes.'" Mrs. Paine looked troubled, but "her biy's face waa so eager that she only said, aloud this time, "You are your father's son, Perley; remember that I shall trust you." Perley had gone to Mr- Fluent with a small pre en bank-book in bis hand. Saidhe, "My uncle John put one hundred dollars in the bank for me. He told me the day might come when a hundred dollara woala do me a deal of good, The day has come. Will you rent your hall to me for that sum, if I take it for four months 1 You can hold the book, Mr. Fluent." But Mr. Fluent could drive a bargain aa well as bi3 questioner. "Call it a hundred and twenty, and give me twenty dollars down in cash, and you shall have the hall," said he. Twenty dollars down ? Where could Perley raise twenty dollars? But the very idea of dealing no longer in pennies, nor even in five dollar schemes, J>ut actually in the twenties, even in a hundred dollars, fired Perley's im agination. So he made a certain journey to Fore-street, but never a word did he breathe at home in regard to his pretty silver watch, which he had left in the dirty hands of Isaac Schry ver, the pawnbroker. But soon another worry swallowed up the fear that his mother Bhould notice the watch's absence, and enquire its whereabouts. Fluent Hall must be rented at least twelve times to give him back his money. It would be a Borry day if he ever had to draw his hundred dollars out of the bank. One would think that he would have accepted his uncle John's offer of twenty dollars for taking charge of his furnace this coming winter; but Perley had loftier schemes than mere drudgery. In the first place he was full of a plan for two "exhibitions.'' Not that he himself meant to take part, but if he could persuade hiB class mates to act a couple of plays and raise money for a new piano, what place so well adapted for the performance as Fluent Hall? He could be hiB own door-keeper, and so, first and foremost, secure each night his own ten dollars. One morning in November Mrs. Paine won dered at seeing a bevy of boys perching on her fence and clustering round her door-steps. She recognised Master O'Grafferty and several of his cronies among the number. "Fifteen cents apiece, and mind you're on hand bright and early," she heard Perley say. All the lads sang out, "Ay! ay!" while Billy added, " We'll lave the fightin' for a more convaynient s'&son;, Perley. Can't be a hittin' of the boss, ye know." Mrs. Paine raised her eyebrows enquiringly as Perley came into the room, and that worthy replied, with a nod "Speculation, mother. Eight gentleman have promised me the shovelling of the snow from their sidewalks for the season. Six dollars apiece." "But you can't shovel eight sidewalks in season after every storm." " Of course I can't, sweet mamma. That's the very point. Didn't you hear Billy call me the buss ? Those eight chaps are my-menials. I pay them fifteen cents apiece for every job. If it's an open wftiter I make money. If the snow comes often, so much the worse for me." "Oh, Perley! Perley!" cried his mother; "the risk " ^ "It's the risk that's the very marrow of it all," cried Perley; and off he went to argue with Harvey Danforth, and persuade him to take part in the exhibition which the school boys and girls had consented to give. It would be most trying if Harvey refused to act, for the Danforths were leading members of the Unitarian Society, who were to give a series of coffee parties. If Harvey consented to speak "Spartacus to the Roman Envoys," Harvey's grown- up sister would come to rehearsal. She would thus see what a capital place Fleunt Hall would be for coffee partieB. You perceive that there were wheels within wheels in the ma chinery which Perley was trying to manage, Alas ! these same wheels refused to "work smoothly. When Perley came home that evening bis face was as black as a thunder cloud. MoBt unfortunately his plana regard ing the coffee parties had leaked out, and Harvey Danforth had turned upon him like a flash. "So that's the reason you've been wheedling me to do 'Sparticus,' and making.believe I was a second Booth, I'd be ashamed to pull wires in that fashion. They're going to have their coffee parties in parlors, so you needn't hang round me with your soft speeches." Every one knew that Harvey Danforth was an ill-natured boy; but none the less Perley was nearly beside himself at the insult, and hia temper was perhaps hardly soothed by finding, when he awoke the next morning, that the air waa thick with snow-flakes, (To le continued.) 