fffEAND UNLIKE. Br M. E. Bbaddon,' Author ol 'Lady Audley's Secret,' Etc. . t-titr XL. — The Forlorn Hope. Valentin0 Belfield walked to the furthest \- of the platform and stood there, cold and fr.fe like a ®an in an a600 fit> ''H hi0 train sme »n ltoa> Plymouth, »nd then he had to after the train as it steamed into tne Satlon, an( Bor&mljle; into a first-olasa com- oarlment, panting and breathless, and white . tbe up® i yoQ oughtn't to ran things so close as that aft you don't look the kind of man who can stand it,' «»« an elderly parson, one of those gmisble busy-bodies who are always interested In other people's affairs, Valentine scowled at him by way of answer, as he threw his deer-stalker into the tack, and niopped his forehead and hair, 3smp with icy sweat. 1 A churlish personage,' thought tha West Country rector, ' something wrong with the heart, and a very irritable temper,' and the good man tried to interest himself in his newapap8ri glancing over the top of it every, now and then to see if there were any hope af conversation. Valentine put on his oap again, pulled it over his forehead, and ooiled himself in a corner of the oarriage in an attitude that meant total Isolation, He was trying to recover hie nerve after that sudden appari tion of St. Austell. ' By , I was atraid of the man,' he said to himself. ' For the first time in my life I have-known what it is to fear the face of a man. If a braoe of constables oame to arrest me, warrant and handouffs complete, I wouldn't fllnoh ; but his face unnerved me. He loved her. He would ask me, " What have yon done with that frail, false, lovely girl whose heart was mine ? ' Yes, his, hie — not mine. It . was hie love I murdered. It is to him I am answerable. It wan hin lifn T spoiled. She had oeased to belong to me— she was openly, avowedly, his. And I quailed before him, tamed eiok with fear at eight of the villian who wronged me.' For an hour or more he sat in hiB corner, living over that brief moment of meeting — seeing that passing viBion of a malignant \- face, telling himBelf again and again in bitterest mockery that it was St. Austell who had lost by that fatal blow. At laBt. and with a tremendous effort, he dismissed this dark train of thoughts, and his mind recurred to one of the objects of his journey to London. Ever since that last meeting with Madge Parley, the girl and her mission had been present to hiB mind. Passion was dead in in him, buried under tbe crushing weight of a great remorse, numbed and frozen as the senses are in a nightmare There was no re kindling of an old Same ; but in the ashes of Mb dead love for that strange girl there was a faint glow, a little spot of warmth remain ing where all elee had grown oold. He felt that if there oonld be comfort or hope for him anywhere npon thie earth, it would be with her. He felt that if there were anyone So whom ha oonld oonfess his orime, it was -Madge Darley, and not a priest. ' Tbe Forlorn Hope,' he repeated to himself as he sat in bis aorner, looking oat at the landscape ; every field, and copse, and hill, and ourving stream, familiar to him from boyhood ; beheld again and again at all seasons, sometimes in listleBB vacuity, some times in impatience. At last the train steamed into Paddington station on the edge of dusk. The sunBet glowed darkly red athwart the London fog, as the train passed Harrow and Hanwell. The great vaulted roof of the terminus looked ghastly and sepulohral in the chilly light of sleotric lamps. Valentine told a porter to take his port manteaux to the' Great Western hotel, and then left the station on foot. He was going to LisBon Grove to look for the Refuge bounded by Madge Darley. Tlje long thoroughfare of the Grove was light with lsmplit shops, and full of traffic. Valentine inquired in one of the shops, and was direated to a Bide street, a dismal- looking Street of shabby, dilapidated honses, which might have had some pretension to respeotability half a century ago, bat which had fallen to about the loweBt stago In tbe history of bricks and mortar. They population, as appeared W6y"?Be?Puua < lighted windows, suggesting many domiciles under one roof. Aeross the front of one of these honses, of \- a somewhat better aspect than its neighbours, appeared a long black board, on which the Words, ' The Forlorn Hope,' were painted in large white letters. In front of the fanlight there-was a lamp with the words, ' Refuge lor Women and Girls,' in bleak letters, on the glass. There was no possible mistake as to the motive and character of thisinsticu- 4ion. The door swung open at Valentine's touch, ><snd, as he orosBed the threshold, a woman in a black gown and white cap oame out ot tbe \- parlour next the street, and met him in the passage. It was Madge Darley. The shepherdess wbb always ready to receive the lost sheep. Tbe fold was humble and unattraotive, but it meant what it offered — Shelter. She Btarted at sight tf a tall man in a fur bordered ooat — started again on recognising Valentine. ' Mr. Belfield !' she exolaimed. ' Yea. I told you I should oome to yon lome day, Madge, and yon promised not to &mt; your door in my faoe.' " I am not likely to do that ; but I don't think you will want to stay very long in thie house.' " She led the way into the parlour, a plainly furnished room, lighted by a cheap paraffin lamp, under a green shade. _ A tall press made of pitoh pine occupied either side of the fireplace. The table was of varnished deal, tbe walla were white washed, the floor was unoarpeted, and half- -a-dozen saib-bottooiBd obaua oompletfid tfafi furniture of tbe room ; bat all was scrupu lonely neat and elean. A fire burned obeerily In the shining grate, and an open-work brass fender made one point of brightness in the pioture. A I&rge;'iron ketile was singing on the old- fashioned bob ' Pray sit down,' said Madge, pointing to a chair opposite her- own. ' Yon have an idle hoar to spare, I suppose, and yon have oome to see our Refugs — to find oat for yourself whether we are doing good work — in order that yon may help us.' She spoke gravely, faltering a little, more deeply moved by hiB presenoe iu that place than she woold have cared to own to herself. The leBBon of her lite f»r nearly four yeare bad been the lesson of forgetfulnese ; but it was not yet learned. His voioe, his face, had Btlll the power to awaken a Btrange unreasoning gladness, to give life a new oolour. 1 No, Madge ; I have come on no such philanthropic errand. I confess to oars very little whether your work of mercy thrives or 'fails. I am here from pure selfishness. I am eaten np by my own oares ; my own burden is too heavy for me, and of late, night or day, I am devoured by one thought, one nope ' He stopped suddenly, looking at her with eyes that shone feverishly bright in his pale and haggard faee, with one strong hand Clenched npon the table between them. ' The Forlorn Hope, Madge,' he said in a ' low voioe, after a few moments' silauoo, ' the hope that you wili pity me when no one else in thiB world, exc«pt my brother, oan pity me, knowing aii. Yes, thai you, kuow- ing my sin, might still pity me — might still love me.' He flung himself on bis knees at ber feet. He seized her hand and eovered it with kisses, despairing kisses, which moved her more than his wildest passion of days gone by had ever moved her, fondly ss ehe bad loved the tempter. She snatched her band from bim indig nantly, looking at him in angry surprise. 'I -thought you knew me better than to talk to me in the old strain,' ehe said. ' I thought I had shown you that I am not the kind of woman to be tempted by a fine gentleman lover — to be tempUd now, after I have given my life to the saying of weaker women. Do you: think that I am likely to orget that yon are another woman's fans- n<t that when you were a freeman you refused to marry me?' '.I. waf a 'li Madge, a proud, aelf- opimonated idiot. I dia not know that you were the one woman npon this earth who oould have made my life happy— wfao might have influenced me for good. I was hemmed in and bound round by petty prejudices, by bigoted belief in birth and position. What are birth and position when weighed against the nobility ot snoh a natnre as yours ? I eaw in you only a beautiful peasant, whom It was my business, as a gentleman, to Bedaee. And when I saw that your resistance was real and earnest, I lose my temper, and fancied myself in love with another woman. It was pique that made me Helen Deverill's lover.' He shnddered as he pronounced his wife's name. 'That ia all past and done with, said Madge, gravely. I am very sorry that yoor marriage ended nnhappily ; but there is a long life before you yet, I hope, and there must be Bomething for you to do In it. And now I must see after my patients. It is tea- time. Shall I make you a cup ol tea ?' She went to one of the presses, opened it, and began to take out cups and saaoers, and little orookery teapotB, and trays, and plates. Everything was of the cheapest, but the things had been chosen for their prettiness, and the little trays had a neat and dainty look as_ those active hands arranged them, each with its spotless linen d'oyley. ' Yes, please. I should relish a cup of cold water from your band. And my month is parabed and full of dust after my journey. Think ot me as the worst of yonr patients. Have you many in the house?' ' Every bed is full exoept one. There is a girl of nineteen iu the next room, dying. If you aould hear ber story you would know what misery means.' She was moving to and fro between the press and the fireplace, filling her little tea potB from the big iron kettle as ehe talked to him. I need not wait for that, I know the meaning of misery.' 1 Ah, bat not of each misery sb she has suffered, a girlhood that hao been one long degradation. Think of what it waa for that girl to awaken to the first consciousness of life in the midst of such foul surroundings as decent lips dare not name ; to have been so reared as not to know the meaning of sin till she was steeped in it, blaokened by it, dying of it. That is her hietory.' ' She is what you call an interesting base, I suppose.' She ie one among many. Old and young come here every day, pleading for a oorner to die iu. That is about all we can give yet awhile.' ' You have done a good deal, I think, in establishing each a refuge.' ' People are so kind. The poor have helped me as muoh as the rioh. Those who have had no money to give have brought me little presents out of their household goods, at a sacrifice. This iron kettle was brought by a widow who goes out oharing. It was a legaoy from a butcher's wife whom she had served for years. " It is too good for me, sister,' she said. " Any little tin tea-kettle will do to make my oup of tea." She kissed the kettle before she handed it to me, for love of her dead mistress.' She set one of the tea trays before him, with a little plate of bread and batter, such as she had been outting for her patients. She rang a bell, and a woman of about forty oame into tbe room, dressed in a grey merino gown and a white oap and apron. She looked like a lady, but she was very thin and gaunt, with a pale pinohed faoe and a sad smile. She locked surprised at finding a stranger Beated by the hearth, ' Sister Angela, Mr, Belfield,' said Madge, by way of introduction. ' Mr. Belfield iB good enough to be interested in our work, sister.' Angela bowed, but made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the little trays between them, and went away to attend to their patients, leaving Valentine to Btare into the fire and brood over hie paBt life. He thought of those oareleBS days on the river, with boat, and dog, and gnn ; tbe sheer idleness of fanoy whicn had led him to Madge Darley'a cottage ; the hold her beauty had taken of bim, and bis scornful disbelief in ber virtue. And he now came to thi8 woman in his agony, as the one woman who oonld give bim help and comfort, whose hr.no onnl onnld inanira him With oome into this house of pain, he felt as if it would be best of all to stay here for ever, to bo her olerk, her ally, her drudge, only to have the privilege ot being near her. Hr almost forgot his sobeme of distant travel, he wbs ready to grovel at ber feet and plead to be allowed to stay with her. She wbb absent for more than an hour. He emptied the tea pot, and looked at his watch a dozen timeB before Bhe oame back. 1 Are you surprised to see me here still,' he asked. ' Yes, I thought yon wonld have gone baok to yonr hotel. This is not a place tor you.' I suppose not, yet yon told me if I were in great distress I might come to yon for shelter. I hoped to find the name of your house was not altogether a delusion — The Forlorn Hope. I have no other hope, Madge.' ' That oannot be true. You have your mother, who adores you.' ' My mother oannot help tp0 to bear my harden. It would blast her deolining years, bring her in angnleh to the grave, to know tbe natnre of my misery. I want some strong bosom to lean upon ; I want some heroio soul to inspire me with aourage. Madge, I have oome to you— to yon, as the only woman who oan abed a ray of light npon this darkened fplrit. I am a viler Binner than any of your lost Bbeep. Have pity npon me if yon can, Madge, for I am the kind of sinner whom no one pities. I am a murderer ?' He olBsped her hand in both his own, and drew her nearer to him, looking op at her with despairing eyes, as she stood looking down upon him, speeohless with honor. I killed my wife.' Oh, God!' I had- the confession ol her falsehood in my hand, her own deliberate deslaration that she had oeased to love me, and that abe was passionately in love with another man— that ehe waB leaving me to be his mistress. A pleasant letter for a husband to read, Madge. The ink was wet upon the paper, and she stood there looking at me— beautiful — false to the core. I etrnok bar to the ground. It was only one blow, bat it kilted ber. Be tween the reading of that letter and her death, there was but an interval of half-a- dozen seoonds. The ink was wet still, and she was lying at my feet looking np at me — dead,' ' It was horrible,' gasped Madge, ' bu awful, irreparable calamity — but not murder. Yon did not mean to kill her. ' ' I will not say as muoh as that. I think I wanted to kill he$£as I would have killed ber seducer bad he been there — but I was sorry the instant she was dead. The agony of remorse began before that ink was dry.' 'Yon sbonUJisve confessed the truth; you should havd" braved all consequenoes.' I should. I wae a ooward and a fool ; a craven, to Bbrink from the consequenoes of my wrath. I had a right to be angry. I for got how frail a thing sb6 waa. She fell like a lily— a tall white lily snapped in a storm. One moment, my passion bad vented itself, - and ehe was dead.' And then he went on to describe that ghastly burial of the dead, in the silence of the summer night. He dwelt on every detail, nbowing how vividly every circom- stance of that dismal scene bad painted it- Beif npon his memory. He recalled theee things shudderinglv, as a man relates a bad dream which he has dreamed again and again. ' Did no one snspeot yon ?' ' No one has found me oat. There is a man I suspect ot being some kind of eaves dropper and a spy— a man who is on a visit to her father, and who passes for a gentle man.' You mnat not lose an bonr in getting away from England — from Europe — beyond the reach of pursuit, if that be passible Suspicion ones aronBed, deleetion might be. easy, and then, having nidden your crime, yon might seem a deliberate murderer, instead of the .victim of a moment's passion. Yon mast sell by tbe first ship tb&tean; carry you. Go .to. Liverpool to night by the mail- it Liverpool L the port — and stare co-uioriow morning.' ' I am in ho hurry.' Bat if your secret were once suspected, to leave England then wonld look like flight, and only oontirm suspicion. Go at once, while yon are free to go.' ' I have half a mind to stay and take my obanoe.' be answered thoughtfully. 'If you would be kind to me, Madge — if you would let me spend an boor in this room sometimes, hear the sound of yonr voice, watch your cooing in and going out, I would rather stay in London than go to Africa to look for diamonds and shoot big game. I am not the man I was before that night, Madge. When — when I bad done that deed, my first thought waB to save my neck— to hide my crime and go scot free. I thought life wonld be the same as it had been— the hunting field — the raceaourBe — the battue — all the same. I thought I oonld forget. But when the seasons came round again, and the old sports, and the old people— my G >d, what a change. All the zest and flavour were gone. I went about aa if I was in a dream, only halt conscious of my own existence or the life ronnd me. Wherever I went, the same haunting thoughts went with me, and a ghost that would not be laid. Oh, Madge, you are stronger than I — braver, nobler. Pity me if you can, as the strong should pity the weak.' 'I do pity you, poor soul, with all my heart,' she answered, softly. She bent over him and kissed his burning forehead. For the first time in their lives, her lips touohed him in love, freely given. ' God blese you, Madge, for that kiss,' he faltered. ' It sbowB me that you can pity me. Oh, my love, don't banish me. Let me stay near you — always. Let me Berve you as a slave serves his master. Lei me get a suit, fustian and corduroy, in Lisson Grove, and carry coals and clean windows for you — until you have tried me by years of faithful service, if yoa like. God knows I will be patient, in consideration ol the wretch lam. and then when you have found that there is some good ia me, let me be your huBband, and let ns go away together to the end of tbe world. If there is happiness lor ma upon this earth it must be found with you. ' She looked at him in silence, with a slow, sad smile, for some moments before she answered. ' That is all a dream, Mr. Belfield, a feverish dream ot your poor sick soul. I have my duty here, which I shall never leave : and you have your duty to yoorself, and to your mother and brother. Think how their lives wonld be darkened by grief and ahame if you were brought to answer for your orime, and made to appear that which you were not — a deliberate murderer. For their sake you ought to get away while the coast ia clear. Begin a new life in a new country. Find new duties, as I found mine when my life was most desolate ; and in doing your duty and saving the soula of sinners, you may find a full atonement for your own sin. And then the shadows will be lifted, the burden will be leBBened, the light will come.' 'I cannot live without you, Madge. I have yearned for you in my misery. Thai kiss has sealed me aa yonr own ior ever.' ' If you persist in saying theBe things, I will never see you ..gain. Mr. Belfield. I have done with love, and all thoughts of love. I have planned out my path iu life, and mean to keep to it. And now I must wish you good night, and ask you to leave this house. I have a great deal to do before bedtime.' Oannot other people do it for you? Cannot yon give one evening in yonr life to my despair — you who do so muoh lor others ?' 'I am the head of our little organisation, and have to sea that all. s don rightly. There are three and twenty poor or ailing girls and women in the house, andonly three aisterB besides myself to see to them. We are a sisterhood of twenty-two. I am the only permanent resident. The other twenty- one eaah give one day and night in every weea to the work. They come at eight one evening and go away at eight on the following evening. It is one day taken from the week of worldly business for the work of meroy. We find the plan works better than many resident sisterhoods. Tbe sisters are more cheerful, better tempered, and in hotter health. Their liveB are not monotonous. There is no weariness, no pining for escape into the outer world. They always bring a .mnnnt, of f»oot»noaa to their work; however worldly the rest ot ttfei. know . that be, one day out of seven is spent iu doiufc good.' ' The plan is your invention, I suppose ?' Yes. it is mine.' Clear brain ; Btrong heart I Why aid I not know your value lour years ago ? Well, Madge, yoa have received me kindly, and I won't impose npon yonr kindness. Good night. I shall oome ' again to-morrow evening.' ' Think better of it, and go to Liveipool by the night mail,' ' Good night,' be repeated, ignoring her advice. 'Goodnight.' Tbey clasped bands and parted. Scarcely had the outer door shot npon him, when she oovered her faoe with her handB and burst into tears. ' Oh. my love, my sin-stained love !' she mnrmnred ; ' I care for yon more in yonr abasement than I ever cared for you yet. I would give my lite to lead you baek to happiness, if I had any hope yon aould ever be happy. But tha curse of blood is on your boqI, and what hope can there be for yon on this side of tbe grave V ' (to br coxtixubd.) 