[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] UNDER FALSE PRETENOES. A NOVEL, BY ADELINE SERGËANT, Author of "Jacobi's Wife," "Martin Deve lil's Diamond," &c.; CHATTER XXXl,-(Gonlinw.d. ) Hugo could not stifle a quick catching of hit breath. Did Dino mean what he said ? And what effect wonld this decision hare upon the lives of the many persons whose future seemed to be bound up with his ? What would Mrs. Luttrell say 1 At first Bhc said nothing. And then Dino's voice was heard again. " Mother, my mother, do not look at me like that. I must follow my vocation. I would have given myself years ago, but I was not allowed. The Prior will receive me now. And nothing on earth will turn me from my resolution. I have made up my mind." " What !" said Mrs. Luttrell, very slowly. " You will desert me too, after all these years !" Dino answered by repeating in Latin the words-"He that loveth father or mother more than me, is not worthy of^Sne." But Mrs. Luttrell interrupted him angrily. "I want none of your Latin gibberish," she said. " I want plain common sense. If you go into a monastery, do you intend to give the property to the monks? Perhaps yon want to turn Netherglen into a convent, and establish a priory at Strathleckie ? Well, I eaunot prevent you. What fools we are to think that there is auy happiness in this world !" " Mother !' said Dino, and his voice woe very gentle, " let me speak to you of another before we talk abont the estates. Let me speak to you of Brian." " Brian !" Her voice bad a cheoked tone for a moment ; then she recovered herself aud spoke in lier usual harsh way. " I know no one of that name but you." " I mean my friend whom you thought to be your son for so many years, mother. Have you no tenderness for him » Do you not think of him with a little love and pity ? Let me tell you what he suffered. When he came to us first at San Stefano be was nearly dying nf grief. It waB long before we nursed him back to health. When I think how we all learnt to love him, mother, I cannot hut believe that you must love him too." " I never loved him," said Mn. Luttrell. " He stood in your place. If you had a spark of proper pride in you, you would know that he was your enemy, and you will feel towards him as Ido." \- "He is an enemy that I have learned to love,' answered Dino. " At any rate, mother"-his voice always softened when he called her by that name-" at any rate, you will try to love him now." "Why tiowY' She asked the question sharply. ¡ " liecause I mean him to nil my place." There was a little Bilence, in which the fall of a cinder from the grate could be distinctly heard. Then Mrs. Luttrell uttered a long, ?ow moan. "Uh, my God !" «hesaid. " What have I done that I should be tormented in this way ?" " Mother, mother, do not say Bo," said Dino, evidently with deep emotion. Then, in a lower and more earnest voice, he added " Perhaps if you had tried to love the child that Vincenz», placed within your arms that day, you would have felt joy, and not sorrow now." "Do you dare to rebuke your mother?" said Mrs. Luttrell fiercely. " If I had loved that child, I would never have acknowledged you to-day. Not though all the witnesses in the world swore to your story." " That perhaps would have been thc better for me," said Dino softly. " Mother, I am going away from you for ever ; let mo leave you another son. He has never grieved you willingly ; forgive him for those misfortunes which he could not help ; love him instead ot me." " Never !" " He has gone to the other side of the world, but I think he would como back if he knew that you had need of him. Let me send him a line, a word, from you ; make him the master of Netherglen and let me go in peace." " I will not near his name, I will not tolerate his presence within these walls," cried Mrs. Luttrell passionately. " He waB never dear to me, never ; and he is hateful to me now. He has robbed mc of both my sons ; his hand struck Richard down, and for twenty-three years he usurped yo'ur place. I will never see him again. I will never forgive him so long BB my tongue can speak." " Then may God forgive you," said Dino, in a strangely solemn voice, "for you are doing a worse injustice, a worse wrong, than that done by the poor woman who tried to Eut her child in your son's place. Have you eld that child upon your knee, kissed his face, and Been him grow up to manhood, without a particle of love for him in your heart ? Did you send him away from you with bitter reproaches, because of the accident which he would have given his omi life to prevent ? iou have spoilt his life, and you do not care. Your heart is hard then, and God will not let that hardness go unpunished. Mother, pray that his judgements may not descend upon you for this." " You have no right to talk to me in that way," said Mrs. Luttrell, with a great effort. " I have not been unjust. You are un- grateful. If you go away from mc, I will leave all that I possess to Hugo, as I intended to do. Brian, as you call him-Vincenz« Vasari's son-shall have nothing." " And lilian is to be disinherited in favour of Hugo Luttrell, is he ?" said Dino, in a still lower voice, but one which the listener felt instinctively had a dangerous sound. "Do Î011 know what manner of man this Hugo luttrell is, that you wish to enrich him with your wealth, aud make him the master of Netherglen ?" " I know no harm ol lura, she answered. He paused a little and turned his face-was it consciously or unconsciously !-towards the open door, from which could be seen the screen, behind which thc unhappy listeuer crouched and quivered in agony of fear. Willingly would Hugo hare turned and fled, hut flight was now impossible. The Ure was blazing brightly, and threw a red gi on over all thc room. If he emerged from behind the screen, Iiis figure wonld be distinctly visible to Dino, whesc face was turned in that direction. What was he going to say ? .' I know no hann of him," she answered. " Tlun I will enlighten you. Hugo Luttrell knew that Brian was alive, that I Mas iu England, two months ego. A letter from the Prior of San Stefano must have been in some way intercepted by him ; lie marie usc of his knowledge, however lie obtained it, to bring the messages from Brian uh ¡eh were utterly false, to try and induce me to relinquish my claim on you j lie forced a letter from Brian for that purpose; and fiually-" Mrs. Luttrell's voice, harsh and strident with emotion, against which she did lier best to fight, broke thc sudden Bilcncc. " Do you call it fuir and right," she said, " to accuse a man of such faults as these behind his back ? If you want to tell me auything against Hugo, send for him and tell it to mc iu his presence. Then he can defend himself." *' He will try to defend himself, no doubt," said Dino, with a note of melancholy scorn in ids grave, young voice. "But I will do nothing behind his back. You wish him to be summoned ?" " Yes, I do. Ring the bell instantly !" cried Mrs. Luttrell, whose loving ardour seemed to have given way to the most unmitigated resentment. "Tell the serrants to find him and bring him herc." "They would not have far to go," said Dino coolly. " He is close to hand. Hugo Luttrell, come here and answer for yourself.'' ^^^Vha^^nj^u^mean^lj^^e^is^h^!" " No, but he ie in the next, hiding behind that screen. He has been there for the last half-hour. You need play the spy no longer, sir. Have you goodness to step forward and ?how yourself." The inexorable sternness of his voice struck the listeners with amaze. Pale as a ghost, trembling like an aspen leaf, Hugo emerged from his hiding-place, and confronted the mother and the son. 