Granny's Ghost Story. BY DUAM. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] "Tell us a story, Granny. The fire is burning brightly, and the wind and rain outside make it feel all the nicer, It is just the night for a real lovely ghost story. Do try and think Of «*." . ; "Vatjrwell,.d«W»,r rtia'/Otannf, a tall* R^aUly, oW lady, who Mi br Urn fire with her kftHting in her hand**. " Just watt till I get round the heel of thin sock. Thou I will tell you of ft'&ibat; frigl* tftad when Iwiia little girl, aud fit not qpite certain, whether there were ghosts or not." So Granny knitted on in silence for a few minutes, then laid down her work, and began that: A long time ago, when your Aunt Mary and I were little children, our Aunt Clarissa o«kod vi* to go and spend our Christmas holi days with her. She lived in a rather gloomy old house about a day's journey from our own home. I remember that the day we went was oold and windy, and we did not arrive till pretty late in the evening. Aunt Clarissa and our two cousins, Jack and Minnie, came out to meet uh and took xm upstairs to a nice, cosey, little room. After taking off our bonnets and pelisses, we ran downstairs to tea. Uncle Jack was there, too. We were very fond of him, and always liked the way he lifted uh up high to kiw us. After tea we had great fun aitting round the fire telling of all our school fttrapes and planning what we should do next We talkai tfll 10 o'olook, and Urn Ajo^CMß«aaidah«thoufhti(ira»tim«foT us all to go to bod. Jack and Minnie came with tv to light our oandle and see if we had all wo wanted,, and aa they left oar room Jack called out: " Look out for the ghost! They Bay it cornea and taps on the wall ju-t at the head of your bed." " Oh," I rtid, " I am not afraid," but at the same time I did fed a little frightened, and wished Jack had not said that just aa we were going to to bed. I knew, however, that the only thing I could do was to put a bold face on the matter or else Mary would be frightened too, bo I said: " How tally Jack is to think we should believe him, ia ho not ?" Mary gave a sigh of relief. " Oh, Madge," she replied, " I am so glad you don't think it is true. I was bo frightened. But I won't be if yon don't think there are any ghosts." '♦ Of course I don't," I answered valiantly ; " why, how could there be P We shall sleep all night without hearing a sound, and be able to laugh at Jack in tho morning." We undreamed and jumped into bed. It was a largo double bed, and tho head was against the wall. We were both tired, so we went to (deep as soon as our heads touched the pillows. I don't think I could have been asleep very long when I was suddenly awakenod by hearing a Htrango noise just at the head of our bod. It Bounded like " guer-er," and then came twelve distinct knocks on the wall. I listened in terror till the last died away, then I summoned up courage enough to pull the bedclothes over my head. There I lay quaking with fear, and hoping Mary would not wake if the noise should como again. By-and-by I fell asleep, and it was bright sunlight when I awoko again. I thought perhaps I had dreamt of the knocking at tho wall, and determined not to say anything about it to Aunt Clarissa till I was curtain. When wo went down to breakfast Jaok began to tease, and ask ii we had hoard anything of the ghoHt. " I am sure you havo," he said, " for Madge looks as white as one." However, I was not going to tell Jack about the knocking 1 had heard. All that day, though we had a picnic to a very pretty place catted Fern Gully, I could not get the ghost out of my head; and how Jack did tease! "Madge is dreading to- night," he said laughing, " because of the ghost. lam sore she has seen it." Of course I could say quite truthfully that I hod not seen anything, and after a time Jack saw I did not wish to be teased, so he let me alone. We had great fun that evening burning nuts and telling stories till bedtime. ' Mary and I went oft to our room, and were soon in bed and aale«p. Towards morning, however, I awoke and nearly screamed, for there was that dreadful noise again. " Guer-er," it began, then came four knockß on the wall. Oh' how frightened I was! A oold moisture seemed to ooze from every pore, and, to make matters worse, the window-blind began to nap, looking joat like a white figure beckoning to me. I lay awake watching for what soemed hour*, and trying to mako up my mind what to do. I did not dura to get out of bed, or to light the candle, and if I sat up and screamed I should wake Mary. Just at that moment the noise began again, and then came flve strokes on the wall. At the same time Mary awoke, heard the noise, and began to scream. Then I nat up in bed, and we both screamed as loudly as ever we could. Presently ire hoard doors opening and shutting, and steps and voioes coming towards our room, so we called: •*Oh, borne and save us! Come and mm us! There is a ghost in the room!" : In a moment the door opened, and m came Uncle Jack, Aunt Clarissa, Jaok, and Minnie, with anxious faoes, and asking : '• What is the matter, ohildren ? What has frightened you P" " Oh," we sobbed, " the ghost! It has been knocking on the wall at the nead of our bed." " What ghost P" said Uncle Jack. " I didn't know there was one hero. Besides, children, there are no ghosts anywhere. What can have frightened you so P" And he turned to Aunt, who was stroking Mary's head aud telling her not to be frightened. 441 don't know what it can hay« been," replied Annt Clarissa, "unless indeed it is the ' old clock in the other room. Oh! of course;" •ho continued, " tho clock is just against the wall at the head of the bed. That is what it must be. We »hall wait here till 6 and bear it strike. You poor little mortals! No wonder you were frightened out of your wits." So they stayed with us till 6, and sure enough just at 6 it began, "guer-er," and then there were six loud strokes on the wall. " There !" said Auntie with a laugh, "it is nothing but the old clock. Now, lie down, both of you, and I will tuck you up and make you nice and snug " So hlio tucked uh up, and they all went out, leaving us to get some more nleep after our fright. " You see, children," Granny added, ♦♦there really are no ghosts, and I dare nay half the silly stories that are told about them have no better foundation than our old dock; but, dear me! here it is nearly bedtimo and hardly a stitot havo I done to your papa's sock. Run away to bed, like good children, and perhaps if yon are very good I'll tall you another story to-morrow night!" An interesting collection of specimens has just been received at tho Natural History Branch of the British Museum, Cromwell-road, from Emm Pasha. They were despatched from Wadelai in November last rid Zanzibar, through tho kind assistance of Mr. Mackay, of the Church Missionary Society in Uganda, and have arrived attheirdestination in good condition. The collec tion consists of skinti of birds and mammals, but terflies, and some anthropological objects, and, when worked out by the officers of tho Museum, will be described in detail at one of tho meetings of the Zoological Society during tho ensuing session. In a letter received l>y Profewor Flower, dated Wadelai, loth April, Emm Pasha •peaks of a further consignment of specimen* (chiefly ethnological] a* being ready for despatch to thejCtuenm on the flrtt opportunity. 