TS& STORYTELLER. ! To Call Her Mine. JBr 'Waiter Besaxt.] Author of 'All Sorts and Conditions of Men,' ' The Hevolt of Man.' ' Dorothy lorster' ?' Children of Gioeon' %c. Chapter IV.— CHAiLACOMBE-BY-THE-MOOR. The village of ChaUacombe is know by sight to those excursionists from Teignmouth, Dawlish, or Torquay, who take the train to Bovey Traccy, and then go up by the char-a-bancs— locally called ' cherrybanks'— to Hey Tor and back ; because, on the way, they pass through a little bit of ChaUacombe. It is also known to the people who take lodgings at Chagford for August, in the belief that they are going to be upon Dartmoor. Once during their Etay, 'it is considered necessary to drive over to ChaUacombe. They do this, and when they have arrived they get out, stand upon the green, and gaze around. Then they either climb up the Tor which rises just beyond, the green, or they go to John Exon's inn for a cup of tea, or they get into the trap again and arc driven a-wav. htmIpt flw imnncnnx rt^of «,,.«? »- ? — -? — J 1 ?- — -^.v*. %uu »ul|liVUDLVU iftXBUl IUCJ have seen ChaUacombe. The village green, however, is not the parish of ChaUacombe. Again, there are two or three farmhouses scattered about in the great parish, where lodgings can be procured ; and those who take them for the season, if they are good walkers and do not mind roads which cannot show one single level foot, or hot lanes which are deep and narrow, and run between high hedges of rose, blackberry, honeysuckle, and holly, which keep out the air -*fter six or seven wseks of exploration and research, allow themselves rashly to boast that they know Cballa copfbe. But no-; after a second visit, or a third, they are fain to confess that, of all the places they have ever visited, Cnahacomoe is the hardest to know, and takes the longest time to learn. ' ?? This being bo, no one will expect me to describe the place, .besides, it is so far from the ordinary track,' so remote from fashion, so little adapted for visiters, that it would be cruel to tempt strangers there. Let them be contented with a glimpse of the green from the cherrybank or the Chagford pony-carriage, just as the fashionable world which talks so much of art is contented with one single glimpse of the walls of tho Eoyul Academy on (he afternoon of the private view. There is no village at Challaeombe. There is a village green, and there is a church ; on one side of the ereen is a long, low, picturesque old house with a porch, called Ivy \- Cottage, which was formerly the Rectory ; on another side are John Exoh's inn and Susan Wrcford's village shop, which contains the post-office; on the third eide are the ?walls of the Rectory garden, the village schools, and the farm buildings of Hedge Barton; lanes and another 6mall house make up the fourth side of the irregular quadrangle formed by tho green. One or two primaeval boulders still stand upon the green too deeply bedded to be removed, and Farmer Cumniings's pigs, geese, and turkeys claim the right of running over it. Close to the green there was formerly a rude stone circle, one of the many on and around Dartmoor; but there was a Rector ? Must one sling stones at the Church ? Yet this is lamentably true. Once there was a Rector; pity that 'tis true. This good man — I say good, because I know nothing except this one sin to charge against him— and one may commit one sin in a lifetime and yet be a good man— this Rector, therefore, suffered himself to be annoyed because antiquaries came and examined this circle, sketched it, planned it ; walked around it and across it, measured it, laid their heads together over it, shook their fingers about it. and wagged their chins at each other over it — would have photographed it, but Dame Science did not yet permit that art to be practised — picnicked amid its stones, and brought with them their young friends— male and female they brought them, two by two— to look at these mysterious stones, and hear them talk. The young friends— those who were not antiquaries — only said, 'How deeply interesting!' and made the day, if it w.is fine, and the place, which is a very beautiful place, an occasion and a epot for the most delightful flirting. I think it was the flirting rather than the archaeology which vexed his reverence, who had now grown old, poor dear, and could flirt with nobody any more, except his wife, and she was old too ; not 60 old as her nusbaud, but yet she wanted 110 more flirting. However, tho llector became so seriously annoyed that, one day in the winter, when there were no antiquaries about, he sent to Bovey for two men and some blasting powder, and in a couple of days he had this rude stone monument blown into little pieces and carted away. Melancholy ghosts of Druids, it is said, come to scream upon the spot all midsummer night, in guise of owls; and for many years the enraged and baffled antiquaries came regularly onco in the month of June, which is sacred to stone circles and to Druids, and on the site of the perished circle they performed a solemn service of commination upon that Rec tory. They cursed him with the curses of Ernulphus; they cursed him out of the Psalms ; they cursed him out of the Book of the Greater Excommunication ; they cursed him after the manner of the Ancient Briton, the Mediaeval Briton, and tho Modern Briton. Whether any of the curses took, as vaccination takes, I know not ; certain it is that the Rector is now no more, so that perhaps the com mination killed him ; perhaps, however, it only gave him toothache. xno village 01 v,nauacomoe-E-y-ine-.»ioor, even wiui me advantages held out to it of a church, a green, a shop, and a public-house, refused to grow, or even to be born. This is odd. One reads of American cities with their church, their school, their hotel, and their weekly paper ; but never of an American church, school, hotel, and weekly paper without a city. It is gratifying to be ahead of these push ing Americans even in so small a matter. ChaUacombe is a parish of farms and farmhouses, with a hamlet or two — such as'vYatercourt and Frellands. It stretches on the east from Watersmeet, where the Bovey and the Becky fall into each other's arms, to the outlying farm of Barracot on-the- Moor; it goes beyond Hamil Down on the west; and it begins on the north, at Foxworthy, in the vaUey of the Bovey, and extends to the slopes of mighty Hey Tor on the south. Within these limits there is scenery of every kind except one : tho fine champaign country which our forefathers loved so much is altogether wanting. Every field is on a slope, every lane runs up a hiU, and every stream —there are four at least — goes plunging and tearing downwards over its bed of boulders and of gravel. When Mary had given her uncle his tea, and cleared away the 'things' — you will not think the worse of her when I tell you .that she washed the cups and saucers — they were lovely cups and saucers and almost priceless, if Mary had but known— put them back upon the cabinet, and carried out the tray with her own hands— she left him to his papers and his pipe, took her hat and went into the porch, where she stoqcLfor a moment dangling her hat by its strings, shading her eyes with her hand, and taking a deep breath as if to change the atmosphere of age, disease, and avarice in the parlour for tlie sweet fresh air of the mountains outside. The porch, which was covered with jessamine, now beginning to put forth its waxen blossoms, led into the garden, which in front of the house is only a narrow patch with a tall Norfolk pine. But at tho side of the house it is a goodly garden, planted with every kind of herb for the service and eolaceof man; stocked aUo with fruit-trees, and having an orchard where the cider apples hang rosy red and golden yellow, yet sour enough to set the children's teeth on edge even unto the fourth and fifth generation. Beyond the low garden hedge stretched a great pasture-field, known as Great Camus— Little Camus being his neighbour. It lay quite across the ridge, here broad, on which the house was built, and sloped over into the valley below, where the Becky ran down its narrow gorge, hastening to keep its appointment with the Bovey beyond Kiddy Rock. It is a quiet little stream in summer, and generally the water is so clear that you might as well fish in tout bath as hope to . entice the trout; in the spring, however, you would have heard it babble up here as it ran from boulder to boulder, under alder and willow and filbert-tree, beneath the trailing arms of the bnunhle. You would have heard its roar as it eaped down the rocks of Becky Fall. Beyond the valley Mary gazed upon a huge lump of a hill, Blackdown, solid, round, and steep. In its side they have cut the new road ; its line lies a clear and well-marked scar upon the green dope, until it is bidden among the deep woods of Becky. Above these woodsjthere rose and floated m the stiU air a thin wreath of smoke, just to show that among the trees were louses and human companionship. For my own part, I love not those wild and savage scenes where no hut or wreath of smoke speaks of brother man. Robinson Crusoe was of the same opinion. Above the woods and beyond the hill, three miles and more away, rose the two great pyra mids of Hey Tor, standing out against the clear blue sky, which had not yet assumed the haze of evening. Every where hills; to the right of Hey Tor, but lower down, the tumbled rocks of Honnd Tor, looking like the ruined walls and shattered fragments of some great mediaeval castle ; lower still Hayne Down, with its rocks thrown carelessly like coals from a shovel down its steep face. They were the play things of some infant giant in the days gone by ; he built houses out of them, and then kicked them ovar, just as a child builds his houses of wooden bricks and knocks them down. One of his toy structures still remains ; piles of stones one above the other, making apUlar 30 feet high, which men call Bowman's Nose. There had been rain in the morning ; the clouds had passed away, though they were soil clinging to the trees and rolling along the sides of the valley below, as often hap pens at Challaeombe after rain ; the air was go clear that you could see the rocks of Hey Tor as plainly as if you stood beside them-, and every change of curve in light and Ehadow on Blackdown across the valley. The birds in July are moBtly silent, yet at Challaeombe their song never whoUy ceases all the year round. From the trees behind the housa there was heard the song of the thrush; a robin whistled from the garden-croft; from a neighbouring hedge Mary heard the shrill screech, of the wren ; somewhere was a joy chattering in his hareh voice somewhere was a- dove cooing; the swifts screamed high in the air, thinking of their nests on top of the church tower ; and the chiffchaff sang the merry notes which delight him all the summer long. Mary saw this scene and heard these sounds every day of her life, yet she never tired of ^ir. ; though she would have beep unable to put into words the desire for the mountains which grows - with the growth of those who live among them. Then, with a little flush upon her check and a brightening of her eye, she went out of the garden and to the back of the house, whore she knew George Sidcote waited to take her to the choir practice, for 'twas Saturday evening. Most houses, even in the country, put their best eide to the front. Gratnor kept its best side at the back. There is no view, to be sure ; but there is a babbling little stream about two feet broad, which runs merrily among miniature canons and gullies ; a leet is taken from this stream by a little wooden canal to the great water-wheel which stands more than half hidden in its dark and mysterious recess ; tho canal is leaky, and the water trickles for ever melo diously upon the stones below. The place, looks like a clearance in the forest ; but an old clearance, not one of those where the stumps stand dotted about the field. Beyond the stream the ground rises steeply. This is the slope of Oddy Tor, by. some called Nympenhole and by others Viper Tor. It is clothed with thick woods, dark and impenetrable, which bide the mossgrown boulders on tho top. A gate opens to a lane which leads to the green through the hamlet of Watercourt, past thfe little chapel, where the neople who go to church in the morning gamer in the evening, to hear what they consider a purer gospel — though less respectable. It is ' served' from Cnagford, where 1 think that the illustrious Mr. Perrott could teU you something about it. There is something pathetic in the way that country people go contentedly to church and listen to a gentleman and a scholar in the morning, and in the evening gather round one of their own folk, who speaks to them in the language they can understand, and out of the ideas which are in their own heads. The lane also passes the smithy, where Harry Rabjahns and his two 'prentices all' day long blow the bellows and beat the anvil. It was to the back of Gratnor that George Sidcote came to meet his sweetheart. He might have gone to the front had he chosen — the house was not closed to him —Daniel would have received him with such cordiality as he bestowed upon any. But it is not pleasant to call upon a man who refuses his consent to your marriage, and to whom you owe more money than you can pay. George, therefore, usually sat upon a tree— there were always the trunks of trees lying about — or, if it rained, took refuge in the linney, where he waited for Mary before they went together to tile church to practise next days' hymns and chants. Chapter T.— FOR BETTER, FOR WORSE. The reason why farmers, gardeners, and cultivators of the soil generally are so fond, of sitting down upon any thing that offers, leaning against doorposts, hanging over gates, and in every way relieving the legs of their natural duties, is, I suppose, because they get up so early. If a man is crossing a meadow after rain, or a ploughed field after a thaw, at 6 in the morning, he finds comfort on a waggon-shaft at 7 in the evening. It is not because he stands so much, but because he is standing so early. Shop girls do not want to be always sitting when the shop is closed: they would rather be dancing; and policemen off duty are said to take their rest standing, for aught I know, on one leg, like the secretary bird. George Sidcote, on this July evening, had been'up since 5, and ho waited for his sweetheart, a briar-root between his lips, sitting on the shaft of a waggon under the linney, where it was shady and cool. When Mary came through the garden-gate he rose slowly, partly because he was a Devonshire man and partly because if a man k over 6 feet in stature he natur aUy takes longer to get upon bis feet than one of the short legged brotherhood, who are jointed with indianibber. Then he laid his pipe down upon the waggon, took both her hands in his, bent over her and kissed her gravely on the forehead, as if to seal her once more for his own. There was little of the sweet love-language between these two; they belonged to each other; they were so well as sured of the fact that there was no need to renew their vows any more than between a couple who have been married a dozen years. ' George!' said Mary, softly. ' Mary !' George whispered. Some maidens would like more of the passion and rap ture which finds vent in passionate and rapturous words — such as those employed by all poets, and by novelists in that line of business. Very few young pereone. even of the most dazzling beauty, get this passion and rapture, simply because their lovers, however capable in other res pects, are incapable of finding those words. Men, there fore, f aU back upon the commonplaces of passion — mere ' dear ducky' language — though their hearts be red hot, and though, in the language of the last century, they burn, and melt, and die. You may observe in the law reports, though many actions for breach of promise are tried, and many love-letters are read, the lover seldom, indeed, rises above the 'dear ducky' level, except when he drops into verse, which is never original. George Sidcote, certainly, could not rise to these nights of articulated speech, nor would Mary have understood him had he made the at tempt. She was satisfied to know that he was her lover. To have a lover, or a sweetheart at all, my dear young ladies, ought to make you extremely proud, though never arrogant ; and, really, to have such a comely lover as George Sidcote, yeoman of Sidcote Farm, Challaeombe, is, perhaps, the greatest gift tnat the fairies have in their power to bestow. As for his stature, it was over 6 feet ; and as for his form, it was like Tom Bowling's —of the manliest beauty; 'but Tom had the advantage, denied to George, of setting off that beauty with a greased pigtail as thick as a club. His face was steadfast, his cheek ruddy, his Jeyes clear and honest ; hut, like Mary's before her unclo had his dream, his eyes were troubled. They sat down .together on the ?waggon- shaft, side by side, and George took up his pipe. ' I saw him this morning,' he Raid, slowly — Mary knew very weU who was meant by 'him'— 'and I told him what I told you the other day, my doah' 'What did he say {'' 4 ' He Eaid that he knew it beforehand. He had calcu lated it all out on paper, and he was certain, he said, that this season would be the last 'Very well,' he said, 'the law provides a remedy when the interest or the iprincip al cannot be repaid. Of course,' he added, ' I am not going to lose my money.' That is what he said first, Mary.' 'Ob.! and what did. he «ar next?' 'I told him that, if he would give his consent, your for tune would nearly pay off the mortgage.' 'What did he say then?' ' WeU, Mary, then we had a little row— not much. He said that it was clear I only wanted your money, and he should never give his consent. I said it was clear he meant to make any excuse to refuse his consent^in order to keep jour money in his own hand6.' ' I am sorry, George,' said Mary. ' He told me nothing of this.' ' It was not likely that he would tell you. He heard what I had to say in his dry way, and then asked me if there was anything more that I wished to say. Well, Mary, I was roused a bit by this, and I reminded him that, if you did not receive your aunt's fortune, David would be entitled to the money. Well, he was not the least put out. He only laughed— his laugh is the sort that makes other people cry — and said that you were a good girl, but silly, like most girls, and if you chose to throw away your for tune he was sorry for you, but he could not prevent it. Wei], Mary, I came away. So that is done with; and this is the last year there will be one of the old stock in the old place.' ' Courage, George,' she said, tl we will do something ; we will go somewhere —somehow we will live and prosper ' ' Somewhere ! ' ' he echoed, and ' somehow !' Well, I have a pair of hands and a pair of broad shoulders — yes. But you, Mary, and^niy mother?' ' Courage,' she said aerain ; ' have faith, George. Even if we have to go away we shall be together. I was reading yesterday a story about settlers in Canada. It had pictures. There was the wooden house, and the clearing with the forest all round.; I thought it might be ours. I read how they worked, this pair of settlers, and how they gradually got on, clearing more hind, and increasing their stock till they became rich in everything except money. I thought of ourselves, George; we shall not want money if we can live on a farm of our own somewhere, and if we can work for ourselves. You are so strong and brave ; you do not mind hard work; and — and — let us have faith, George. God is good. If we must go from here we will go with cheerful hearts, and leave my poor uncle to his lands and wealth.' Thus, when Adam and Eve went forth together from their Paradise into the cold world, it was the woman who admonished and exhorted the man. ' . In these hitter days it hath pleased Providence in wisdom to afflict the British farmer with bad seasons and low prices, and the prospect of worse to follow ; wherefore, he will perhaps soon become a creature of the past, and the broad acres of Great Britain and Ireland will be turned into pheasant preserves and forest laud tor the red-deer, let at abalous prices to millionaires from the United States. As for the rustics, all except one in 50 will migrate to the towns, where they will seek for work and will find none, and then there will be riots and risings, with murders and robbery. What will happen after that I do not know, except that there will certainly be no recruits left for the British army; bo that, unless, as seems possible, other nations may be similar and similarly affected, our nation, will presently go under, and he no more heard of, except in history; and someone will write 'Britannia fuit' on a gigantic slab, and stick it up on the cliff at Dover for all the world to read. George Sidcote's history may he guessed from his words. An inheritance of a smaU estate, a single farm, his own land and the land that had been his forefathers' ; the estate encumbered with a mortgage, which had become in these bad times harder to pay off than rent, because rent may be adjusted, but the 5 per cent, is like the law of the Medes and Persians. And the time had come when the struggle could no longer be maintained; the land would be taken from him. It is not wonderful if the young man looked sorrowful, and his countenance was heavy. ' What docs i't mean f' George asked, in ever-increasing wonder. ' Formerly, there was nothing in the world so valuable as the land. If a man had money, he bought laud ; if a man wanted an investment, he put it out on mortgage. Is the land gone worthless? My father, Mary, was offered, if he would sell bis hind, three times the money that old Dan lent him on mortgage, and now it would not sell, at most, for more. What does it mean ?' Alas ! This is a question which is asked daily not only by farmers, like George, but by deans* and canons, rectors and vicars, colleges and schools, landlords and investors, widows and orphans, those who keep shops in country towns, the thousands who live by working for the farmers, the engineers and wheelwrights, the corn factors and middle men; nay, even, by those who live by providing the pleasures of the rich. What does it mean ? And are the fields of these islands to become 'as worthless as the slag that lies outside the smelting furnaces ? Shade of Cobden, deignjto listen ! What does it mean ? ' Oh, George !' said Mary, ' does it help us at all to ask that question ?' Indeed, George was as importunate with this difficulty aa her uncle was with his lost money. ' Let us face the trouble, whatever it is. You will let me go with you — I will not be a drag upon you — if it is only to take care of mother for you.' He threw his arm. round her neck and kissed her again — an unusual demonstration from him. ' You would pnt courage into a cur, Mary,' lie said. 'There! I have done what I could, and I have told your uncle my mind. Let us talk of something else. Oh ! I forgot to say that Will has come down. We shall find him waiting for us at the church.' 'Wul? I am glad.' '* He got away a week before he expected.' ' He wiU cheer you up, George.' ' Yes; he talks as if nothing mattered much, and every thing was a game. The Londoners have that way, I sup pose. It is not our way.' They left the linney and the little brook, and walked away through the narrow lanes, holding each other by the hand, like two children, as they had always done since they ?were children together, and George, who was three years older, led little Mary by the hand to keep her from falling. This Will — I do not mean the Will and Testament of Mary's aunt — that George spoke of with irreverence, was none other than myself, the person who narrates this fane history of country life for your amusement and instruc tion. I am sure, at least, that it is fuller of instruction than most of the leading articles that I am allowed to write. I am 'Will Nethercote, in fact ; and though of the same surname as Mary, and a Devonshire man by birth and descent, am no relation to Mary. I once endeavoured, it is true, t) remedy this accident, and proposed to establish a very close relationship indeed with that dear girl, but I was too late. My father was the rector— you may see hiB monument in the churchyard — and when I left Oxford I found I had no vocation for the life of a country clergy man. Heavens ! what a calm and holy life some men make of it, and how some do fret and worry because of its calmness and inactivity. Therefore, I became a journalist. It is a profession which suits me well, and I suppose if I live another 40 years and arrive at 70, I shall have written 9000 more leading articles, and mv countrymen will then be saturated with wisdom. And when I retire, no one will ever know the name of the man who led them upwards to those higher levels of knowledge and philosophy. I did not wait for these young people in the churchyard. I walked down the lane to meet them. I declare that my heart leaped up only to see that sweet, fond girl walkiag: with her lover, only to see the glow upon her cheeks and the soft light in her eyes. What says the foolish old song, ' I'd crowns resign to call her mine ' P Crowns, quotha ! If I had carl's coronet, bishop's mitre, royal crown, or even a tiara, I would resign it with the greatest alacrity for such a prize. Happy lover ! though to win his bride he must take her penniless, while he has to give up his own broad lands. Well, she was not for me. Mary greeted me with her usual kindness, bearing no re sentment on aaxrant of that proposition of mine above re ferred to. ? 'And how is George behaving, Mary? And has the dragon relented?' 'George always behaves well,' she said. 'But as for the dragon' ? She shook her head. ' See now, Mary,' I said ; ' I mean to put the case before a lawyer. I will do it directly I go back. In the will — I went to Somerset House on purpose to see it — your aunt leaves you £6000, to be paid to you on the day that youmarry with your uncle's consent. Ifyou many with -m£Jii& consent it is to go to David, well ; David has gone away, no one knows where, and perhaps he is dead, ot will never come back. ' Suppose you were to marry now without your uncle's consent, who is to have the maney f 'My uncle says it will be his own.' ' We shaU see to that. It is a case for a lawyer's advice. And I will get that advice directly I go back.' I did not consult a lawyer on the point for a very good reason, as you shall hear. I suppose that as civilisation advances such wills with conditions so absurd will cease to be made ; or, iffthey are made, will be.put into the hands of novelists for their purposes in treating of a world that has gone by. Girls who have money left to them will have it handed over when they come of age, with perfect liberty to marry as they please. Certain it is, considering the great interest which we all take in each others affairs, there will not be wanting plenty of friends to give advice and infor mation as to the character, reputation, aud income of aspi rants. I have sometimes thought that nobody ought, under any circumstances, to make any will at all, or after his death to do by his own provision and ordering any good or evil whatever. But I find this doctrine at present in advance of the world, and therefore it commands no favour. ' I am not back In Challaeombe yet, Mary,' I went on, because I know the trouble that was before them and in their minds, and sol began to make talk. ' This is only a dream. I am in Fleet-street. I am in the lobby of the House. I am writing a political leader at midnight, and just dreaming of Challaeombe. It takes a week to get the streets and the papers out of my head, a whole week ! what a curtailment and docking of a holiday. A whole week sliced out of a month! and then 11 months more of slavery. Man's life is not a vapour, Mary. I wish it was. Vapours don't grind at the mill every day,' 1 turned and walked towards the church with them, in the narrow lanes between the high hedges. The beauty of early summer was gone, but there are stiU flowers in plenty to make them beautiful in July and August. The honey suckle was out ; the blue scabius and the foxgloves are not yet gone ; there are the pink centaury, the herbroberr, the red-robin, the campion, the meadow-sweet, the 6heep's bite, the oxeyed daisies, the blackberry blossom, and the rowan berries— green or greenish-yeUow, as yet — old friends all, and friends of Mary's. We talked of indifferent subjects, of what had happened Bince I last came down. One of the rustics was dead, another had nearly lost the use of his Ipgs in the cold weather, and now nobbled on crutches— in these high lands rheumatism siezes on all the old and on many of tho middle-aged, so that Moreton Haropstead, the metropolis of the moor, seems on market-day like the native city of M. le Diable Boiteux ; one or two village girls had been married ; such a farm was still wanting a tenant, and bo on. Pleasant to talk a little of the ulace where one was born, and of the people whom one has known from infancy; pleasant to be back once more among the hills and streams. l3ut that subject of which we are aU thinking— George's impending ruin — lav like a lump of lead on our hearts. And so we walked through the darkening bines, our faces to the west, so that Mary's glowed in the golden light like an angel- face in a painted window, and presently came to the church. ? . 