CHRISTMAS EDITION OF THE ;obsbbts&.: i In the superior quality of the periodical : local literature, and the increase of material are to be found convincing instances of the development and progress of a new country. South Australia furnishes the unique example of a country which began its existence with a newspaper, and its leading journal hag kept pace with the progress of the pro vince. Although the Observer does not date back so far as the Register — it having made its first appearance on July 1, 1843 — it has almost an equal claim as 'an old colonist journal,' and the steady advancement made during the forty-four years of its career has shown what energy and enterprise in colonial journalism can accomplish. The Christ mas edition of the Observer for 1887 bears eloquent testimony to this. Not only is the high Btandard of the weekly main tained in the several departments of news and general information, bat the Christmas Supplement has additional claims to popu lar attention by reason of the. very excel lent varied' and entertaining light reading matter and .the illustrations with whict the value of the paper is enhanced. The front page contains a portrait of H.R.EL the Princess of Wales, the lady whom all in. the British dominions and out of them delight to honour for her right womanly qualities, her devotion as a wife, her ten derness as a . mother, and her dignity as the wife of our future King, whose portrait, 'aces hers on the same page. It is singularly appropriate that in this jubilee year of our good Queen these familiar faces should greet us. Issued with the Supplement is a charming domestic picture in colours, entitled 'The Troubleaome Twins.' In this we find a little girl, with a fresh healthy face, in itself a charm, carrying two ypung fox hound puppies, upon whose canine coun tenances is cleverly portrayed that ludi crous look of resignation which animals in thehands of the juvenilePhilistnies assume, as if they knew that all the persecution they were subjected^ to was the outcome of real kindness, misplaced though it ba. These two pups hang limp and helpless in the arms of the little maiden, as if they were resigned to their fate, which is cer tain not to be a very hard one, even if they are half killed by kindness. The little girl herself has about as much as she can manage in the care of these truly ' Troublesome Twins/' who in the picture are cure to find a hearty welcome amongst the juvenile community. The drawing is easy, natural, and effective, and colouring good. As for tie reading matter in the Supplement, it is quite appropriate for this festive time of the year, and many a weary worker can find pleasure and profit in perusing its pages in some quiet shady nook in the hills or at the seaside, while spending the holidays out of doors, as Australians love to do. The first article ia a bright and lively one on Christmas customs and charities, ?a happy blending. Then we find an interesting tale 'Beyond the Seas,' by Heron Shaw, which will occupy the best part of an idle afternoon to get through. ' Arnull the Cook' is a legend, the very beginning of which ought to attract the young people, for it opens with the good old-fashioned familiar ' Once upon a time,' and that it is by Lindsay Duncan is a further recommen dation. Amongst the other stories is 'The Luck of Cairgorm,' which the reader will find to the ta3te, if a weird narrative suits the fancv. lf A Black Ghost' is a novelty, and as it is a tale of India there ought to be some thing curious in it. Then we have a tale of Italian brigandage, which balances well with Davenport Cleland'3 'From Desk to Diggings ;' and as a variety in season able dainties Miss Sibella Edgcome supplies a Bussian Christmas tale, ia which Australians, sweltering ia the heat of a December day, may feel cooled by reading of snow and ice in the far-off region where such provisioas of nature abound at this time of the year. This does not finish the list, for there are poetical effusions for the romantic or sentimental, riddle3 and conundrums for the enquiring, ches3 for the thoughtful who like to unravel intricate problems, and there is fun and mental employment for all. In a word the Christmas number of the Observer is full of interest, and as good as a thrilling novel for a quiet idle afternoon. It may be added that the literary matter of the Supplement is almost entirely of South Australian production. One short tale only, that by Miss Edgcome, has been sent from England ; and although Mr. Alex ander Morrison is at present resident in Western Australia, he has lived so long in this colony that he may still be claimed as a local literary man. 