AOTA POPTTLI. / ...... By o?rrn Flaneur, *? Call you that backing of your frionds ? A Plague upon sucli backing !' —Kins Henrt IV. There is a tale told of the Rev. Diewell Dodge, a coloured apostle, who after preaching a most ex haustive sermon to his blacking-bottle flock, sent round the hat to make a collection, taking care to drop a' trifle in himself just by way of en couragement to the others. When the hat had travelled through the lot and was duly returned to its owner, that worthy passed his hand all round it, and turned the lining inside out, and hammered it on the'crown, and finally gasped in wild dismay — ' Fore goodness, ef I habn't eben lost de eighteen pence I put in to start wid.' A w cloud of consternation ten feet thick at once settled down on that horrified congregation. Who was the lucky man ? was the query that agitated every breast. He couldn't be discovered by his blushing, or turning pale, for all pre sent were as black as the ace of spades. It wan evidently a hopeless case, and after the victimized pastor had returned thanko for getting his hat back from such a sinful squad, a bullet-headed old brudder in front rose up and solemnly said— ' Dar 'pears to be a great : moral loason stickin' out somewhah about dis 1 ? district.' A somewhat similar remark can be most aptly applied to the recent meeting called to secure a life independence for our political Belisario. A remarkably large moral lesson could be taught from that night's proceedings, the text of it being, 'Put not your trust in soft-goods princes.' So far as cheap enthusiasm went, there was plenty of it present, for the Town Hall ?was packed like a herring-cask ; but after the hat had been passed round, the sender might well return thanks for even getting it back from such a grab-all, tight-fisted crowd. It is no secret that Sir 'Enry was intensely disgusted with the paltry pittance raised. What the exact value is ?which he sets on his services I can't say ; but I doubt if he feels very thankful for the miserable .£1500 donated — mainly by his own colleagues in the Ministry. No one should expect thanks from him, however, for a proud man is sel dom a grateful man,' as he never considers ^ he can receive as much as he is worth. It was a decidod mistake to say that the movement was altogether outside of the range of political influence, for if we do not intend to reward Sir 'Enry for political cervices solely what other claim can he possibly havo upon us ? Outside of po Sir 5Enry j8 as groat a nonen tity a3 can be well imagined. Nothing else is worthy of even a passing thought from hie gigantic mind. When the Royal Geographical Society members waited on him the other day, and asked for a room in which they could pursue their scientific studies, he playfully told them there was a vacant gaol at their service now, and if they waited a little longer they could secure a nice shady corner in his Centennial Dead-house. Sir 'Enry doesn't even care much for the noble ccience of noli;- defence, for he is very seldom seen at Larry Foley's Academy, and I bolieve he even turns his expressive nose up with contempt at Mrs. Storey's cooking lessons, and the fat man's awfully exciting game of bowls. He doesn't fish, no Sir John Robertson does; he never plays 'twos and threes,' or kiss-in-the-ring at Sunday school picnics like Minister Abigail does ; he wouldn't even condescend to take a hand in the reredos row; and, in short, he takes no interest in anything outoide of politics, and now that Carlyle, and Stuart Mill, and Palinerston have gone, he feels that he is a poor, lone, lorn man, and this earth has no congenial spirit with which ho could comrnuno. Therefore, we must either honour him as a politician, or turn the thing up altogether. Why the Calico Jimmy crowd didn't rally round their champion, and plank down their cheques for a thousand each, is a matter which is not very easy to understand. Even supposing that they did not care a dump for their Grandole man, one would think that they would keep him ; well propped up in order that their own interests might be protected; and it is well known that there are at least a dozen large importing firms here whom it would pay to keep Premier Parkes in power at the rate of ,£1000 each per annum. Free Trade was virtually dead when Sir 'Enry was called in to prescribe for it, and nothing but his energy and ability could possibly have pulled it through its troubles. All his services seem to have been forgotten now, however, and he is left to the bitter reflection that while Premier Parkes could only rake in his thousand, Bill Beach could secure his tens of thousands without the slightest trouble. There is a deal of difference between the prompt, spontaneous donations of a people and the miserable hat-in-hand, half- imploring, half-threatening cadging system we are now forced to employ to swell the Parkes Testimonial Fund ; and unless^the country responds far better to the call than the city has, Sir 'Enry is apt to be mighty sorry that the game was started at all. The women of Sydney — bless their dear generous hearts — have taken the matter up now, and I notice with the profoundest joy that they will ' accept donations from ladies only.' As yet the Cidnainen have not made any move to swell the funds, their attention being probably devoted to devising means to dodge the .£100 poll tax which the Premier contemplates imposing on their enterprising countrymen. Verily, there are several highly important moral lessons to be learnt from the Parkes Testimonial Frost, and two of these are that it is better to be honest than poor, and secondly that there probably never lived a man yet who was of so much impor tance to mankind as to be able to make sure of being called back one year after his death by a two-third vote of his fellow-countrymen, This is indeed a, truly painful item, for it proves that either the faith of our fathers is dying out, or that Mr. Melville has taken to dining out, and mixing his drinks as well. A few nights ago he rose in the House, and glaring on ' William of Orange' until every amber-coloured hair on that gentleman's head stood up and refused to sit down in front, Ninny asked in deep sepulchral tones — ' Will the Minister of JuGtice lay a return on the table showing the number of paupers, specify ing their religion, that have been buried from the Prince Alfred Hospital during the terra of the present contract. I am informed that Catholics cannot be buried under one guinea, and conse quently they became Protestants in order that they may be buried for 12s 6d.' Fancy the cuteness, to say nothing of the mean ness, of a Catholic who.on his dying bed would turn Protestant, merely in order that he might have an extra 8s 6d in his pocket when he left old Charon's punt and landed on the banks of the sweet Elysian Fields ! It matters nothing to these degenerate Papists that their coffin is made of old tea- chests, and they are hauled along to their last home by a solitary rat-tailed crow-roost of a mule, providing they are enabled to pocket the change out of their guinea and put on airs as rich ghosts in the silent land of shades. It mat ters nothing to thorn that the expenditure of that paltry 8s 6d would secure for them one of Ninny's best ' pine liners,' and that they would be car ried in a gorgeous plume-mounted hearse drawn by four prancing coal-black chargers with long sable-coloured feather-dusters fastened to their polls, and that, providing the House wasn't sitting, the genial Ninny himself might form a procession of one and add additional pomp to the obsequies by leading the way, at a blackfellow's trot, to that bourne from which no return tickets are issued even to our Parliamentary deadhead mem bers. All that these miserable Catholics seem to care for is the measly 8s 6d, for which, as Ninny points out, they are not only willing to oliange their religion, but to de fraud the poor struggling undertaker out of a little job that would help to grease the wheels of his popular old black carriage. Mr. Minister Clarko should shut down on this disgraceful pro ceeding at once, for the men who would change thoir religion and cheat their undertaker for a paltry Ss 6d deserve no confederation whatever. iHThough lost to sight Mr. Jawbone Neild would appear to be ao dear to ua as ever — in fact a trifle more so. This worthy patriot waa appointed about five months ago to that desirable sinecure of a billet, the Executive Comuiissionership of New South Wales at the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibi tion, and from a return just tabled we find that he has been living at our expense ever since, at the rate of only ^PGIO a month. What he has done in return for the .=£3050 already expended is not very clear, for, beyond waxing his terrible moustache every half-hour and talking the Ade laide people deaf, he does not appear to have done anything at all, except send in his little bills. The delightful vagueness of the items con tained in these bills makes it all the more in teresting, and creates an insatiable curiosity in every breast to know a trifle more about them. From April 13 to May 26, John Cassius set down all his accounts under the remarkably satisfactory head of ' general expenses,' and the total amount thereof came to something like .£700. Thinking, no doubt, that a little novelty would make the bills more readable, the man with the iron jaw gave the ' general expenses' racket a rest, and striking into a bold original vein, he headed the rest of his items ' urgent claims.' Whether his moustache was beginning to droop for want of bandoline, or his boots required half-soling and heeling after their untiring exertions at Govern ment House parties, or what the exact nature of his ' urgent claims' was, no one knows ; but quite a number of us care, for in less than one month's time they came to over ,£500. Fired with the new desire for novelty, John Cash further improved the look of his little bills, and threw an enthralling degree of sensational in terest into them by heading his lists with such quaintly original and highly definite titles as 'outstanding claims,' 'expenses of a general character,' and 'miscellaneous items.' The terrible strain on his imagination soon told, how ever, and the last accounts received from him are simply marked off as ' general expenses,' and the friendly terms of ' ditto, ditto,' are hauled in to fill up the rest. Nearly a month has elapsed since we received a reminder from our Jubilee Commissioner, and as that probably means that we are another .£500 in debt, it would seem a very desirable thing to intimate to him that there are other and more desirable ways of reducing our big deficit than that of allowing him to play the part of the ' Good-natured Man' at the cost of -£500 a month to ourselves. John Cassius gives his services for nothing ; but the general impression is that they are far too expen sive for us, even at that low rate of remunera tion. The gas bill question is one which shakes up the whole of the civilized world with a strict im partiality that is worthy of a better cause. A London citizen has actually been daring enough to drag his gas account trouble into Court, and is now endeavouring to get out of paying a .£20 bill on the miserable plea that he has no right to pay for an article which he never received. The Mel bourne Australasian observed that it is a re markable fact that the lower gas is reduced in price per thousand feet, the higher the bills become ; and then it pathetically adds, ' We are sorry to say that a reduction in the price of gas is announced to commence with the new year.' If the Australasian fancies that the Cabbage Garden monopolizes all the gas misery this side of the line, however, it fills its head with a very great mistake indeed. A few days ago a citizen in quite another colony altogether walked sorrowfully into the gas company's office, and throwing his bilj on the counter, said : ' I see you've got me down for 2000 feet of gas last quarter, although my family was away from home, and the house was locked up all the time.' ' Can't help that, sir/' replied the clerk, blandly. ' Meter says that gas was burned, and meter can't lie, you know.' ' But, ramjam it all, man, don't I tell you the house was closed all the time.' ' Ah, indeed,' observed the clerk, as he patted his lustrous nose with a pen ; ' did you find everything all right when you returned ?' ' Certainly,' said the citizen ; ' except that some one had got into the kitchen and stolen half-a-dozen spoons.' ' Just so,' re turned the clerk ; ' that explains the whole thing. I knew the meter couldn't lie. You see, the burglar had to light the gas to find the spoons, and therefore your bill is quite correct. James, give this gentleman a glass o' water, he doesn't seem quite well.' Even in guileless America, where fraud is utterly unknown— at least, so I'm told — the gas meter is occasionally looked upon with a certain amount of mild suspicion, and a party who has given the matter much thought writes to say : ' The history of gas companies shows that every time the price of gas has been reduced, the pressure has at once gone up. Now, a burner will only consume so much gas in giving light. The rest passes off into the air in the form of a dangerous carbon monoxide, which is the result of imperfect com bustion. You've noticed the blue patch in gas flames. Well, that blue patch shows where the gas is not being consumed. It is all clear profit for the gas company. Nothing but excessive and dishonest pressure makes the blue patch large The forked appearance of the flame io another nign of swindling. Whenever you see little wings sticking out from the flame you can bet that you are paying a rousing old dividend to the gas shareholders.' That blue patch and those tiny wiugs in the gas flame are, alas ! as familiar to ua all as our prayers — perhaps a trifle more so. There would appear to be no remedy for the trouble, however. People must burn gas ; if you go to Court over your bill you only add to you r ex penses ; and if you take the law into your own hands and brain the gas company directors with an axe, you are caught and imprisoned, just the same as if you had done anything that was un lawful or uncalled for. Glory be to the good old days when even Government House used to burn fat in a quart pot, or a tallow candle jabbed in a gingerbeer bottle. Weak defenceless woman is gotting on, and if we lords of creation don't speedily waken up, the so-called weaker vessels will crowd us out and run the world on their own responsibility, and after their own peculiar fashion. At a recent municipal meeting held at Hotham, Melbourne, a Mrs. J. B. Smythe faced the people, and in a very whirlwind of a speech advocated the claims of a candidate who bore the terrible name of Fogarty, no less. This will probably send our own ' Tim' off his ' Kadoova' altogether, and instead oii being the fire-eating patriot of old we may expect, to hear of him putting his hair in papers, and signing his name to a Woman's Rights proclama tion as ' Timotheus de Fo-gar-ti.' Mrs. Smythe made a rattling good speech ; but then I never yet met a woman who couldn't talk even under the most depressing and disadvantageous circum stances. Only the other day a Melbourne mute, whose wife was deaf and dumb, applied for a divorce on the ground that his spouse was con stantly calling him opprobrious names, and eternally nagging at him on her fingers. In putting up her candidate Mrs. Smythe took upon herself to guarantee that if he didn't suit he would at once resign his seat, and amongst other things remarked that in addition to being a good financier he was a man who 'never dealt in hal£ measures.' This seems to imply that the De Fogartis always go in for long pints, or quarts, i£ necessary, but, however, after declaring that the worst fault her particular Fogarti had was that he wore bell-bottomsd pants and a shocking bad hat, Mrs. S., like Silas Wegg, dropped into poetry and asked — Who shall judge a man from his manners ? Who shall know him by his dress ? Paupers may be fit for princes Princes fit for something less. Crumpled shirt and dirty jacket, May beelothe the golden ore ' Of the richest thoughts and feeling ; Satin vest can do no more. I need scarcely add that the favoured Fogarti won in a common canter, and as his eloquent championess observed, He was once more ' placed at the top of the poll and thus sent back again to counsel, advise, and stimulate his children in the Council in and on ward to all that is calculated to benefit Hotham politically, socially, intellectually, physically, and morally.' Once the ladies are allowed to orate over here Dan O'Connor can hang up his fiddle, for taking them, as Mrs. Smythe would say, either ' politi cally, socially, intellectually, physically, or morally,' they can run rings round us poor male insects who so long have dared to hold them in . bondage. \ A few days ago we were all delighted to be officially informed that all our water supply troubles were at an end, and in the deep bosom of the Nepean buried, because this is just the season of the year when we used to be treated to a Corporation circular commanding us to go slow with our water taps, and if we must bathe at all, to fill our baths with lemon syrup, or ginger beer. Scarcely had we commeneed to whoo}) over the glad tidings, however, when a second edict went forth to say that the Nepean scheme had gone bung, and now we are compelled to fall back on the despised Botany tap once more. Talking of matters municipal reminds me that an indig nant Leichhardt lady recently bounced into the Town Hall during a meeting held by the most potent, grave, and reverend aldermen of that borough, and pelting her No. 9 Balmorals on the council table, she drew the Mayor's attention to the fact that there was enough mud on them to build the great wall of China, and then she re quested to be informed, ' what kind of state that was to keep the streets in ? ' The Mayor meekly replied he ' didn't know,' but he was very sorry the lady had been inconvenienced, and if it would be any satisfaction to her, he would cut off all the aldermen's heads there and then, and stick them up on poles for the indignant ratepayers to pelt at. Now, if all the Sydney ladies who suffer from this muddy nuisance were to follow suit, the sides of our Town Hall would soon be burst out with boot-leather ; and thinking over this, one gets very much puzzled to know why such a simple subject as mud should cause us aucli a dea o£ trouble. It costs us something like .£5000 a year to trim up our streets, and yet in wet weather the moving bog o£ Allen -would be an ornamental marble floor by the dde of one of our slushy pathways. They do this thing very much bettor in Italy, and yet Italy ia not reckoned a model country for cleanliness. Up thero the cleaning of streets is sold to the highest biddor at public auction. The bidder puts every 400 yards of the street in charge of one man, with a push cart, who is kept constantly at -work from sunrise to sunset and in the twilight. At intervala large carts go around and receivo the contents of the push-carts. The dirt is taken to a factory, where is pressed into blocks of about a cubic yard in dimensions. These are placed in the market and are sold for fertilizing purposes. And, to our City . Fathers I would simply say, 'Go ye, and do likewise. There's millions in it.' 