Notes from Paris. Pabis, April 23. ? .... ..MATTEB3 d«, not appear to bo all rose . ,.. ? ^'water in Alsace- Lorraine. The Chancellor is . „„' . rough on tho amputated provinces, since they , ., ^ '.!';.. voted solid and straight.for the anti-annexionist j ',-'..''., candidates, for the Reichstag. The seizure .,, ',, '. :' Qfttic French commissary, railway station .'. ? . .master, and border agent, Jf. Schnuebele, on the Gretna Green side of tho frontier, bv two ' . . ' . ..German detectives, looks grove. Of course ' France will demand explanations, but nil the , . same ' the deep damnation of his taking off,' ,,'. '-. will leave in any case a rankling sore behind. . . The. functionary.w'as abducted, then arrested, hand-cuffed, anil sped on to Leipzig. If he ' .'. were one of. those Alsa' ians, who refused, or .^.neglected,' to make his option officially, to 'boil French citizen, he would remain necea ./ ssrily a German subject, nml liable to fetters and warders, if he ever walked into tho fly's . . parlor. If French de facto, but plotting '. ?' against Vaterland, repress should be dip!o ' maticslly demanded from liis government. 1 ? Theso Due d'Enghien surprise', and Priuce Alexander kidnappings, arc nut of date, and uncivilized, save perhaps in Hnly Ruasiii. Aftur the broadsiding by the 'ollii-ipus Ger ; .man Press — though Bismarck swears hyThnr, inch journaU are unknown at his Foreign .',!'. ofBee — of Fronch patience and sensitiveness; ?..after the resignation of Paul Ddronlude ns . ...'.?» 'Atf of the patriotic League, Bianarek might '?'.T feet'satisfiod that France had no intention to march to the Rhine, much less to Berlin. She has philosophically mul praiscworthily ' . 'put np with a good deal, to allow tho Clian .collor to secure his majority in the United v Parliament: but good things must not be '? ' *' abusod, and all saints have not bcon patient. Jules Ferry is making frantic efforts in Alge ria, to secure a new political skin, in which he can appi'ar in ro-ontorinsj France. But he will never obliterate the old Tonkin spots. .'? :The oliimito of Algeria is reputed to hard a 'marked clllcaoy on tho imagination. Jules * Ferry illustrates thin, when he sounds the loud timbrol over the prosperity oE Algeria and tho , precarious nature, tho dwindling condition, of ,/ ^ English colonies. If Franco had only the .: .. ? opportunity of extending Algerian blitis to, , say— E«ypt and Morocco, with Tripolitania added in ! Fiance holdn Algeria since half a century: it is within thirty miles steaming . from Mnrseilles : its European population is . 300,000, of which less than the moiety only ;'?;,' . arc Freneh; and it is ruled by a standing '?? ;;'|.[ ,V,aruiy of 50,000 men. Tako the Australias ^ '*,' ,'Ti'»yic.e fifty years : to-day, their British popnla ?''?' '. .' tion isthree millions, who rcmiirc no armv to '.'.Tri ' -i«op ^iem attached to the mother country, as ?'.'?' ''wlipn .'hoy please, thoy can make themselves , .'. -'.^.'independent, for no m»ro fieorgo tho Thir.1* ' ? '.- ~ - pocupy the throne to practise injustice and .'..' '. '. 'pbiitinacy. New Zealand escaped by a fluke , .: .? ioi frtiug French : the English ling was only :'/Cy' jqn np.QP the islaad twenty four hours beforo '.''.( A*i .tliOvFreticli admiral arrived to ' protect' thu ' ' ' 'Fortunato Isles. What would havo been the :-,'Ji-oi.' i^jfory of that colony at prnent, had it been '{'? 4'! \Fronch aiuco 1814, or 1833 ? ... '. ''.'?' .TliB Gingorbroad Fair continues to ha in full swing j it Booms to bo the favorite rendez vous for tourists; it will be their own i,' fault if thqy cannot pick out a day's amuse '?'' ' ? jnent in that fcwo- milo alley, devoted to all '' fared Bhowa of Franco, their prodigies, infant ;:; ani adult ; thoir natural aud unnatural .' ''?' pbonouieuaj: thoir clowus and their funny '?' ' uieii. One of tho latter, now on his 'hospital ';. death-bad, laments that politics have drawn * the best talent away from the penny caffs, so . \ that professionally, thcro oro no moro Yorricks ? ?''. ''to 'set the tablo in avoir; jugglers und acrobats, ' : ' all bare rushed to politics as an ndvonturor to anowKold-mine. Tho rag-piokera have their ? : ? trailo crgsd \ 60 have tho penny »how and fair plays, tho theatrical monileur. It is ns eoaen' tial to tho craft, as a Stock Exchange list to brokers. Thn astronomical congress is meeting with every official and social attention in the power of France to bestow. Tho Director o£ tho Observatory, Admiral Houclie/., and his lady gave a most pleasing aoireo followed by a ba'l that mirtt have made not a few of tho delegates regret, they were not permanentely accroditol. One at first blnuli concluded, the astronomers were most potent, grave, and reverend seignors; or a Siaineso combination of Dominio Sampsou and Pickwie ; they rcsombled the first, in being ' prodigious ' in thuir desire for fun, and the second in gcniul kindness to explain any acientillc (juoation deiuauded. The hostess made all her invites truly at hoinu; no forunlity, all easy quietuess and sympathetic attention, tho out-put of a true reception. May the astronomers succeed in thoir scheme of common action, to map the Celestial hemi spheres ; to compare a whole finnanont, aud fix its big and little twinkling stars— whether belonging to the morning or evening family, for tho guidance of astronomers of the future. Slay their telescopic and camera glassoi, b8 all they can desire, and their gelatine bromide plates so sensitive, as to photo thoao — perhaps cut up Roineos — — ' Spirits that lie in trie nzure sicy, Where they love bnt live no more.' Clearly tho first duty when an ncctisod is wanted by the police, is to search for him in prison. That's tho safest of hiding places, and is protected from tho outside curious and ovon from the detectivos. Hero is Paris still a-f ever, touching tho incomplete discovery of the tripl murder in Rue Montaigne. The pre sumed accomplice of Pranzini was wanted — one Goisslor. Ho was sought for everywhere, and the sub-chioE was on his way to the North Pole — he went as far as Broslau, to track the co-accused. All tho while the missing link was in gaol for vagabondage, and was on the point of being returned to Germany, acquitted of doing harm to nobody saving himself — at- tempted suicide in the Seine, when ho was ro-arrestcd on the charge of murder. Can fronted with Praii7.ini, neither accused, had ever the pleasure of encountering this hoforc. Geisslcr le?t Breslan, to escape military service, about five weeks ago, with lOOfr, in his pocket, a pastoboard valise, half-dozen second hand paper collars, two parchment neck tics, a few dickies, and quite a collection of undarned stockings — the latter for exportation to West Africa, where the natives like to see their toes in liberty, and their heulsfree to feel the morn ing air, like the ghost in Hamlet. This was the fluxon-haired Teuton's atomic in trade, to make his fortune in Paris. Travelling ex penses and schnapps, soon exhausted his capital; an notci-Kccper ciirnea.nnn out xur unpaid account!, bnt . kjpt iAia valise as a souvenir.' In desperatiftnjfGeaMHi attempted to drown himself in ti&ig;^H^Bkn in the water, he clrmged his ''njjgPPy^ the hist moment,. and swam asfiov^pKren: the police received him with open aruir- Ho wns k-;pt in preventive nrrost, till trjett a few days ngn, and accquitted, when he {was again roused up, aud charged with .murdering thrco persons. After that Odys*cy_-of five weeks. Guntag Geisslcr, ahpnhl- henceforth travel as little a3 the Vicarof (Wakefield. His hair when leav ing homo, -vaa auburn ; his friends will find -'ita.3 -white as snow on his return. However, that plan for dyeing the hair is very severe. 'yille.^riicM sidi heir auf JErden. The Morgne has at present 33 bodies, kept locked up in ice-chests for po'sible legal in quiries ; the remainder are exposed to public ga/.n. The deceased' belong to every class of society ; aro they .^suicides or victims ?? no wonder sb tuauy hoifs-at-law, though wanted, do not respond. In Russia all tends to peace, becauso it. is Easter, and nothing takes place but fraternal embracing:) during tho season of the Paschal Lamb. Another cause is, that Winter has returned, or si-rin-r has been evicted, so people are occupied coughing, sneezing, and clearing heads. There is also p.nother matter engross ing attention: every subject quitting Russia, will have to mv a tax of 228f rancs a vear ; now there are about 990,000 Russians aver on the run. If the traveller be going abroad for bis health or to complete his studies, such will be exceptcd. A similar law was decreed by the Czar Nicholas : it brought in not a single rouble to the treasury, but he had the satisfac tion of knowing half -a* million of his subjects were abroad as invalids or students. 