Visit «f the Rev. Dr. Dnnnc, Archbishop of Brlilne. The (lost Bev. Dr. Dunne, fifst Archbishop of Brisbane ...arrived in Warwidc by the S-'iS p.m. train on last Thursday, accompanied by the Bev. Thomas O'Oonnell, P.P., Toowoomba, and was met at the railway station by t^rflev. J. J. Horan, P.P., Warwick, the Bev, Thomas Hughes, and several of the leading Catholics of tile M'fU- After: aoBra handshaking flis Grace entered' wfih Father Koran into die beautiful little carriage of Mr. J. C. Byan, and was driven by the owner to the Presbytery. On Friday Hie Gr&oe; examined the candidates lor confirmation, and on several occasions ex. pressed his admiration at their prompt answer ing. Saturday was spent in making the osual preparations. On Sunday H is Grace celebrated the eight p clock mfss, assisted by Father Horan, and administered communion to over 400 persons. The XI o'clock mass was per formed by the Bev. Father Hughes, and so large was the congregation that it occupied Father Horan the whole time of mass to find accommodation tor them, running here and there, and carrying seats through the Church. At the end of mass Hib Grace issued from the sacristy robed in a beautiful mitre and cope, and carrying the pastoral staff, Father Horan, bearing a large croai, and Father O'Connell and several acolytes preceded him. At elevep o'clock the candidates for confirmation filed into the church, and were provided with seats ] in the tmneepte, then were 169 candidates in I all—lfijnaleragd SB Ienislns. > . . I TBE OONFIEMATjbK BteEVICE. After the celebration xrf the nui His Grace, prior to proceeding with'tte ceremony of con- 1 tirmation, explained the meaning of the rite. As far as the children were concerned, the principal reason, why it was called confirmation was that by it they confirmed in their own per | sons the covenant that had been entered into on -their behalf by their sponsors at baptism. In infancy they were brought to the bacred front of baptism, jrhea tbeirsponsors entered into am -agreement for them, (tod was one of the con tracting parties, represented by the minister, and they, on the other hand, were represented by their godfathers and godmothers. Then 1 they undertook to renounce the devil and all bis workB. An agreement, equal in every respect to a legal agreement so far as its obligations were concerned, was then entered into, tfed on < his part promised them life everlasting. They j were to workhereior a lew yean on those con ditions, and at the expiration of their term on earth he would call them in to pay them their wages, Two things were required of children before they were confirmed. The first was that they must be thoroughly acquainted with the catechism, and the^eoond was that they must understand what they were going to perforin, and in Order to do that a child must be 'twelve yean of age before it cotald reoeive the sacra ment of confirmation. No child in the eyes of the law at the age of four or five was held responsible for its actions, but when they grew up to be eleven or t*elfe years of age if they committed a misdemeanour the dttite Stepped in and played the part of the parents and pun ished them. They were then supposed to be j of the age of sufficient development of reason to knfjr what they Were doing. Before a child was confirmed it was imperativetbat it should inow the Uw ojt Gpd as laid down' in the cate chism. His Grace then proceeded to reviews the commandments, and pointed out that four 1 great precepts were therein laid down—namely, that tney were to respect their neighbours' lite, family, property, and character. The..observ ance of these «u. striotly enjoined upon them by the commonimento, which had been the basis ot our religion for over 8000 years. Some people had attempted to do away with the oommandihentt, bntthey had signally failed. Take them amy and everything would be anarchy and oonlnsion. He beseeched the parents pot to push the children forward for cotitfrmatioO till they understood what (hey were, about to do and what they were taking njpon fhcm. When they pome forward oaf .day like thfit to be his good child, God prom ised life everlasting. Some of them in after life forgot the day of their confirmation and the responsibilities which they took upon them selves, but'God ^ould not do ao, for the date was registered in heaven as truly as Christmas Day. He hoped the day would be .one of blessing (<j theni and not of condemnation. He beaeeched the parents to look alter their children, for they were the temples in which the Holy Spirit lived. If the Jews respected their temples ao much, how much more should, parents respect their children, because from that day they were the temples of the Holy Ghost. The candidates were then marched up to the altar, where the Archbishop ims seated, robed in Mil poBtifiealS.and the ceremony of laying on of hands was solemnly conducted by His Grace, the.Bev. Father Horan and the Bev. Father O'Oonnell assisting. Mrs. Byan stood as sponsor for the female candidates, and Mr. Arthur O'Learr acted is a similar capacity for the males. After the ceremony was concluded, His Grace addressed the congregation af-iome length, im pressing first ttpon the parents the necessity for vigilance over their children. Parents, be said, should be careful of the way in which their children vent for two years after they left school, for that -was the most dangerous time of A ohild's life. Daring that period the parents vera considering what trade they should puttheir boys toj but by the time they had de cided the boys had decided for themselves. He entreated the patents to have a jealous eye over their children. Let them inoulcate industrious habits, and they would' stand them in good stead in after life. To-' the "girls he would eay, " Give up reading yoar bad books and yonr foolish conversation." The tuition of the child rested more Wth the mother than the' father, and if the child went against her it broke her heart, for her affeotions were set upon her ohildren. The father had his farm or other* puranit to look' after, bat1 the - mother's sole delight wias her children.1 '-She: would have no'longef any interest for he^children, and the sooner she went to her 'grave the better. He was as tonished the «tber d«y,oa looking over the ser geant's roll in Qtodpetb^treet, Brisbane, to see the number of girls that the sergeant had to look after. Some of them were only fourteen .years of age. They were the children that Christ died for on .the cross. But the course of their Utas mta widoubUdly shap?n by the example of a bad father or mother. He en 1 treated them all to than evil company, for it was evil company—meeting with the devil— that caused Eye to sin. If the drunkard got broken down and penniless, it was not his com Sanions who wolud lead him a helping hand, o, they would forsake him in the hour of ad versity. Before concluding his address. His Grace said th&t; all the children confirmed that day should take the pledge till they were twenty-five years pf age. He would not insist upon St against the wish of the parents but if he did not receivc n. notice to the contrary froM the parents within forty-eight hours he shdaldt take it that they agtfeed aiid should register the children accordingly. At the request if the Archbishop the candidates held up their hands ae signifying their willingness to take the pledge till twenty five yean of age, and repeated the formula after him in loud tones, PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. At the conclusion o 1 the confirmation serrioe the greater part o( - the congregation ad journed to the .sehool-toomi lor the pur pose ol taking part in the presentation of con gratuUtoiy addresses to, His Grace. The building vru will filled) and the members of the Hibernian Society appeared in their regalia. Two addresses were presented, one by the parishioner* and the other by the Hibernian Soeiety, and both vera executed at the Ex aminer and Timet office. The banner of the pariah occupied a prominent position In the room. i, Mr. 3. 0. Kyan, accompanied by a number of gentlemen, presented the address on behalf of the-.parishioners and prefaoed■ the reading of It ty saying that" Jie had tan de. puted by the Catholics of Wtojriek to: present Bjb Grace igfyb eiiaddress, Wgretttlmjtfitt him on the oocMfem gflilii elevattbo'to of Astfhbiriiop. He need lAWlv^obsehre that the parishioners bad conferral upon him a distinguished honor by asking him to read It. He Wbld not*aj£ word abiat ihe; address/ wbidh twae coached in beteUfol latigtiage. He ilfOpght it reflected credit in ftie pattyolies of the parish. He then read the address, "which was as follows» ; ▲ddrett of the CathaUee Of the Parish :-of Warwick, to Hit Ormoe the Vott Bererend BoUert Donne, D.D,, Vtrat ArohbUhop of Britbane. Vv U IMttta Tow Oreo*,—Your visits are tlwayt * Moaret el grett pleasure to us, bat on the present occasion we are mora than ordinarily pltated at the opportunity afforded as by yottr Episcopal Visitation of oM«ratnletlng Tonr Oraoe on your elevation to the aNhiepitoopal dignity. Vhxovgh Your Oraoe we bef to renew the expression of onr oon» tinned hotn≥ and loyalty to the Vloar of Christ, tea our espeoial merenoe and lore for the present occupant of the Chair of Veter, our Moat Holy Father, Leo. XIII.,the '* lumen in ooalo" of the JPapaor. We unite In the tznirerttl admiration of the oirllUed world, Catholic and non-Catholic, for his tkUl «nd powers at the mediator and peaoe-pre* terror of Nations, bit profonnd Iterator, bit solid piety, bit untiring coal for the glory of God and the I salvation of aonls. and for hli many other eminent qualitta. Bat we, above ell, rejoice that Providence allowed it to fall to the lot of so faithful a friend and able defender ot oar race to raise tfcia Diocese to an Archlepieoopol Bee| and that to oeraiatent, though unostentatious, en advocate of toe rights of oar native Und as Tour Graoe, and. one so long our Pariah Priest end to highly esteemed by w, should be oor first Archbishop. If willing flJUJ submission to Tour 0race's advioe ud authority can render the responsible and arduous duties of your eaored office more agreeable, or tend to make your cealous and disintenvted efforts for our welfare more fruitful, we prottlse that, with God's help. Tour Gnioe will be as happy and successful as any member of the now numerous Australian Hierarchy. A long sucoeaaion of bad seasons and other causes have for the present decoyed the temporal prospscts of some of us, and rerjr ftt&ch; injured us ail, therefore the material advancement of the Parish has t>een neatly retarded. But we now confidently look forward to a return of proppsroua time* and a consequent continuance of parochial works. We wish Tour Graoe * long, happy, and eocoessfal career es the first Metropolitan of this new ecclesiastical Proviooe ; we renew the assuranoe of our filial love and sincere respect; and we ask for onr families and ourselves Tour Grace's good wishes and blessing. We remain, of Tour Grace, the dutiful and affectionate children, signed on behaJf of the Parishioners of Warwiok, John C. Bran, J.P., fatriok Uinina, J.P., Pras. B. Wools, J.P., Arthur O'lieary, J.t\, P* Hartigan, M,n.B,, John Xeleher, M.p.B., Thoa. U'OahanVU.D B.. M. Brewer, 1 H. T.ltr, Patrick Oarmody, Jolm Clancy, Charles F. Baker, timothy Murphy, James Howen, P. Dalton, James Byrne. C. Brosuan, J. A. Gorry, Jamta Har ler» C. Cswiey, Thos. l'helan, John H'Enlery, B. Gorans* The Bev. Father Horan then introduced a deputation from the Hibernian Society, who he s&fd; had come to present an address iron the society. The deputation consisted of Messrs. J. Ca&twell; (president), J. Healy (vioe-presi de&t;), J, Ramsay (treasurer), and F* Connolly (secretary). Mr. Healy read the address to His Grace, and having handed it to him said there was no one who understood better than His Grace the benefits that were derived from the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society. They had been established about four vears. daring which time they hadprogressed satisfac torily, bat of late the membere here were join ing non-Catholio Bocieties which did not pay higher benefits. He thought it was well to mention this matter to HiB Grace. The address was as follows Address of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic 1 Benefit Society of Warwick, to His Grace the i Host Beverend Eobert Donne, D.D., Archbishop ; ' ot Brisbane. Mat it Please Tour Grace,—We, the members of the Hibernian Australasian Catholio Benefit Societyi j deen tiris > wood and b«ppy soonest, is which we en pcrmittea to approach Your Grooe to offer 70a our most slnoere and heartfelt congratulations on your appointment as First Archbishop of Brisbane and Hj&opolitan; of the newly •created provinoe of Queensland. We rejoioe that one eo eminently quali fied has been chosen by the Supreme Pontiff to fill this great office 1 yet we oaanot ooooaal the fact that nottew dignity however noble 00old ttrenfthen or rivet more firmly the Unks of loyalty and love than those which now bind at to yoa—the "Physician 'and Shepherd of our Bonis." In yonr deration to the Arohiepisoopaoy, we acknowledge ourselves pUeed toder a tresh debt of grstitnto to oor Holy Father. 32tfs new proof of his paten&l; solicitude shall oaly serve to draw closer the ties and cement most ftrmly the bonds which attach ne to theApos* tolfowee. As faithful sons of St. Patrick, and erne to his teaching, we renew our expressions of fealty and devotion to His Holiness Leo. XIII. We an welt aware that Tour Grace has always taken a lively iutereat in the welfare and enooess of Catholio Socie ties, and wo are glad of bavins, in this address, an opportunity of thanking yon for the pttrontge so liberally aooorded to our Society in every part of your Diocese. Begging Tour Grace's blessing and praying yon may be Reared to enjoy many years of usefulness and happiness In this life, and a " crown of glory" in the neitr-the reward of the great end good; we beg to subscribe ourselves yonr most devoted children. Signed on behalf of the members of the Warwick Bmnch, J. Cantwell, President, J. Allman, Past Provident, J. Healy, Vine-President, J. Barnes?, P. Hsrtijru). Trjsfcee. T-Bmnnan. P. a—*—* Ilis Grace, in reply, first thanked the Catho lics at Warwick heartily for the warm welcome they had given him and (or the congratulatory \ address. They had always welcomed him most warmly. Indeed he sometimes felt ashamed at his own shortcomings and inability to reoipro o»te the kindness and warmness they had always-shown him. With regard to their con [ gratulationa on his elevation to the anhiepisco pal See, he had only to repeat what he had said elsewhere, that it was only a recognition of the 1 important politico which the continent of Aus tral ia was now occupying amongst the nations of the earth. It was not because of atty pecu liar fitness on his part. Then were now three Sees in this colony, And, please God, there would be jnore. This progress of QtfhoUcit j in the colony was doe to Almighty God who had blessed it, and also to the grand old Irish race who had been so faithful to the religion which had been firmly implanted in them in the old countiy. It was also due to the illustrious and sacred prelate who had long tuUd over them, the. lamented Dr. O'Qoimi, through whose labours ths.CfeMtti in Queensland had materially bensfitad. . To speak of Ui merits in "W^rwick^ was like bring ing eoaltf to Newcastle Xheir fvfeiss' Was also due to the laity, who through KiAshipafcpcL ≪ kinds of 4mtth*r lad erw b^ Uthml to their religion, ' and ta(l Jjotmtribtttei ak ' mtav instancy mow t^'Tthey jottiUni. Their »w«ii ■jrtn. tfodgnlsed both At Borne and Id Iwlbjid. ' In their address theymea tioned UMfir-otmtifcued loyalty to tiieJIoly See of St. iM&jtndthay; wen tight. Borne was the anebwige tit jtbe OhriiUAil, and any church or a^dpAM.bgu» MMtf inm that anchorage did hot tiaf- Wttt it ',gnt going to Btop, He hoped thwJarfasr.aliil eyai the? would keep faithful to <W9«# OtUt. Patet. It waa the rook on which OhnBt'feajli-liig ohttrch. St. Peier would surrender up hit flock on the day ot judgment, but until then he would be their keeper. He thanked them for their czpree sions of loyalty. He also trusted that the sea sons would be more laypurable in the future, and that parochial work would be facilitated thereby. He also hoped that the building of which the foundation stone had been laid by Bishop O'Quinn, would be shortly completed, more particularly as it was the last foundation etonehe bad laid. Addressingthe memberso( the Hibernian Society, the Archbishop said they did him justice when they remarked that he had taken an interest in their society. In 1870 they established one on the Downs. It went through very hard times, bat they never took down their fitg, and now the society was strong. He said the same tiling to them, and under no consideration let them take down their flag. After exhorting them to speak kindly of thoBC who bad left them (which was likely for reasons of their own) pad entreating them to be united, His Graoe referred to the pleasure it always gave him to attend the school in War wick. He was more than pleased at the report which he saw the other day. To the good Sisters they were indebted for such oroditable results, and he hoped that their power for good would still exist. He concluded by stating that each men as Gladstone were doing good.service in the cause of Ireland, and that they were worthy of the respect of every true-born Irish man. Tha proceedings then terminated. BEBMON IK THB EVENING. IB the evening His Grace preached to a laure congregation at St. Hary'e, nb rawing farthe eubjeot of his discourse the GospelcT tho day, Lnke, chap. 17, il-19 verses. & the oonrse ol his sermon, which was remarkable for fervour ana eloquence, lhe Archbishop held that the powar of washing away actual sin was as mush within the power of the priest in the confes sional as it was within his power to wash away original sin at the baptismal font. His Grace left f«r Brisbane by Monday's tram. ' 