PUB CHURCHES AND THE Di by FORCE BILL. \----A.-. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As the three leading Protestant churches of the colony have now placed before the public in regard to this bill the opinion of the present dominant majority of their respective clerics, I would like, by your courtesy, to be permitted to say something on the theological and historical aspect of the question 1 of convenience sake, industry because I have neither time nor wish for a protracted newspaper correspondence, I would prefer to state my views within the compass of one, or at most two letters, and then, except by voice in the Legislature, leave his further discussion of it to pens and minds with more leisure and aptitude for doing tliesiibjictjnstieP lil trespass unduly upon your indulgence, I must rest my plea for pardon on the fact that never since my entrance to public life have I thought it wise or sale Slip to write to you or any of your contemporaries upon any public matter This. however, is an exceptional case The Assembly is not a fitting arena for either theo h great or a historical discussion, and yet in a Christian country questions like divorce and Sunday observance use by an important section of the population not looked at and determined by some considerations only. Many most estimable people admit the intolerable heart breaking wrongs which our inexorable marriage laws sanction and intensify, but they are weighed down and oppressed by a most cruel and Christ dishonouring superstition-the belief that the Saviour, who was so merciful, so tender hearted, ho responsive to every woe or pang man feels, uttered words that sternly and unfeelingly forbid any relief being given, or period being put to the misery and torture which are being endured liehevingearnestlv that nothing Christ is reported to have ever said can warrant any such fearful interpret i tion known as a fact of theological history that the texts relied upon have been viewed und expounded in a wholly different and contrary way by nations, churches, divines, and Biblical scholars whose numbers, authority, and fame completely eclipse und outweigh those who interpret them in what I think is a strained and utterly unnatural way-I wish to offer Borne proof of the above belief and statement of fact, in the modest hope that it may be of aid in emancipating a few at least from the thraldom of a view of Holy Writ which is false is a matter of mere literary construction, merciless and savage as a policy for human society, and, alas, we fully destructive of the federated reverence in which a Christian people should delight to hold the well authenticated words and opinions of the divine Nazarene In considering the te Ms which section of the clergy interpret as forbidding a Christian state to pass, for example, a law which would permit innocent wife to be divorced from a barbarous ruffian who has attempted to murder her, and is immured for life in a dungeon, but as allowing it to a husband of his wife has been guilty of one solitary act of incontinence, perhaps never repeated, and always bitterly repented of the first thing that calls for pointed remark is that two of the Synoptic Gospels are re mor_el__.!_ disregarded for the authority of one (Matthew) which is contradictory to them, if Mark and Luke are to be regarded, a man must not Back divorce for any cause at all, and, therefore, marriage is absolutely indissoluble, as the Roman Catholic Church and one section of the English Church maintain The text in Mark x. 14 runs thus "Whosoever shall put away his wife and marry another committed adultery." Luke xvi 18 agrees with Mark "Whosoever putteth away his wife and married another committed adultery, and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committed adultery." The Protestant churches, or rather the sections of these churches which consider divorce lawful but for one cause only, rely upon the first Synoptic. In Matthew v. 32, it is reported that Jesus said "Whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication, caused her to commit adultery, and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committed adultery." Similarly in Matthew xix , 9 Now, by what warrant is the report in Matthew of our Saviour's words considered of more authenticity than Mark and Luke's account Modern criticism has shown that none of the Synoptics appeared in its present form till considerably more than a generation alter our Saviours death. Pupms, Bishop of Hiernpohs, writing in the first ball of the second century, is regarded by biblical critics as establishing conclusively that the Logic of Matthew were written first of all in A ramean. As there was no short- hand reporting in those days Matthew re- produced the Savour s say pigs from recollec- tion merely. These were afterwards done into Greek by whom and when is absolutely unknown, but the primitive narrative is not extant, and the version we now possess is not the first record of the reporter, nor in the language first used. Critics, too, are inclining to the belief that Mark's gospel (written in Rome between 60 and 70 men from the recollection of Peter is earlier in date than Matthews But now, leaving aside this important question, upon which the Christian churches are split into two hostile camps - whether Matthew or the joint authority of Mark and Luke is to be followed in divorce 1 shall, against the authority of the Roman Catholic church and an important section of the Anglican church, throw over Mark and Luke, and accept Matthew's gospel as being the more accurate, and assume that Christ and sanction a husband putting away his wife for unchastity. We are now confronted with another most serious difficulty, one of interpretation, upon which another disagreement and best immediately take place amongst divines and scholars. The words of the exception in Matthew translated "saving for the cause of fornication" are in Greek ira/itivT-s Aoyou "futile. One school of in- terpreters affirm that it is incontinence on the woman's part previous to marriage, i c, fornication strictly so called, which is the cause of divorce. No doubt refutes, absolutely and from its being in such sharp i on- trade with the following verb/i.ix'"u,tocomrait adultery, would in good Gretlt refer to an chastity before marriage. Another school of clerical interpreters with less warrant render it as adultery. Uno of the churches which recently petitioned Parliament on the bill, gets over the difficulty in an amusingly easy fashion 'line church affirm, that our Lord sanctioned divorce "for fornication or adultery only " As if in good Greek or English there was no difference between the terms or what they connote I I instance these two difficulties to show what airing discord there is amongst churches and ecclesiastics on this small branch of the question, and to emphasise my view that until they have arrived at something like harmony or unanimity on the essentials of the question the Legislature must decide the grave issues involved in the bill upon social considerations only. Saying nothing more on these points, if we wish to correctly understand the text we must find the key, in knowing the exact circumstances in which our Lord spoke, and what was the state of facts before Himself, his disciples, and audience, to which the question unit answer in Matthew xix. had reference. The Pharisees came " tempting him and saying unto him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause?' The question was thus a, catch question of our Lord's opponents, and his answer was in impromptu one to meet the necessities of the occasion, and dealing only with the prevailing local custom and practice, which were in the minds of all present It had, as may be seen by the immediate context, express reference to the Mosaic law and the practice existing under it By every canon of good and reasonable interpretation it must be read in this light It was never intended to be a universal, immutable, and eternal law of morality, let alone a comprehensive Statute of divorce for all times and circumstances. The Saviour Himself said, "All men cannot receive this saying, save they to whom it is given The disciples, viewing it in this light, demurred no more. 'He) saw that our saviour was attempting to temper the savage harshness and unrighteousness of the husband's despotic power to rid himself of his wife when, how, and for what cause be pleased-a right which at that very time was, as I shall show, being exercised in an utterly one sided and cruel manner. What were the state of lads and the prevail- ing customs which Christ had in his mind win in dealing with this question As in most Oriental countries, the Jewish custom of divorce was iniquitously arbitrary and unjust in its operation upon the position of the wife One of the noblest and truest boasts of Christianity is that under the gracious and benign influences outs Founders words and nels, woman has been raised from being the mere sort of chattel of man to a position of dignity and importance befitting her duties and capacities. The charter of the Jewish husband's im- molar and unjust privileges of divorce was Deuteronomy xxiv., 1, " When a man hath taken a wife and married her, and it come to pass she find no favour in his eyes, because he hath found some uncleanness (revised version, some unseemly thing in her, then let him wins her a bill of divorcement, and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house." This to the Jew and the same stamp of God's authority as Christ's precepts have to the Christian. Under similar Divine sanction the Jewish wife, who either before or after marriage had been guilty of unchastity, was to be stoned to death. It is quite clear that the Mosaic precept about divorce had no bearing or use in cities where this was the husband's cheap and simple form of suit The death-dealiiigstones wasuswiltaiidsiire"get." In considering the text of Deuteronomy two points are to be noted in order to get full knowledge of the wife's position under this Divine statute of divorce for God's chosen people. There would seem to be two conditions to the exercise of the power, if "she find no favour in his joy.." the Hebrew word " rights in the passage is the word to denote beauty, and hence very high authorities say it points to the wife not being sufficiently beautiful be second condition is finding " some unseemly thing in her (mark you, the husband being solo judge himself). The Hebrew words are a rath (labor,' and are literally and variously rendered thing of nakedness, or " nakedness of a thing It is all important to ascertain how the text was viewed and acted upon in our Saviour's time Hillel Hannan, who was chief of the college for 40 years and in knowledge and nobility of character 1 is beyond any of his eyes looked upon this verse is being, full justification for a husband divorcing his wife for the most trivial reason, c /, not cooking his food well Shammni, his rival, a man of hasty and contentious character, tried to restrict this power of divorce but the Beth Sluimmai never could compete with both Hitler in weight, number, or repute but what c meets us is that it is indisputable that it was the views of Beth Hitler that were acted upon in our Lord's time Modern Hebraists consider Hillel s interpretation the correct one Rabbi Akkivah explained Deuteronomy to mean that Japan could divorce his wife only because he found one better looking The Germans (libel Gittern 9) allows divorce for a wife a spinning in public or going out with head uncovered, or clothes to torn as not properly to conceal her person from sight The following is the Deutoronomic bill of divorce the only formalities essential being that it should have the husband a seal an 1 be given before two witnesses - On the day of the week N , of the month N of the year of the world's creation N , according to the computation we are wont to reckon, in the province of N , 1, A B , the son of A. H. and by what name soever I am accused, of the city of N. , with the greatest consent of my mind, and without any compulsion urging me, have put away, dismissed, and expelled the , thee, I say, C D. , the daughter of C D by what name soever thou art called, of the city of N, be that thou are free, and in thine own power to marry whomsoever shall please thee, and let no man binder I thee from this day forward, even for ever Thou art free, therefore, for any man, and let this be to thee a bill of rejection from me, letter of divorce, audit schedule of expulsion, according to the laws MosES und of Israel. It is only fair to my many Jewish friends to state here that the " Get" was hedged round in later times with more solemnity and formality, and effects were made to limit it At the time with which I am dealing divorce was the arbitrary, irresponsible, individual acts of the husband. No authority from the stale was needed. No proof was required of any offence or misdoing by the wife. Divorces, too, had become scandalously Frequent. 'The Pharisees were laying a trap for our Saviour in putting their query to him. It was just then a burning question. John the Baptist had paid by his love for his views upon divorce in regard to Heroes and Hero dins Tertullian thinks the intention was to bring the Saviour also into collision with the family and court of Herod. It would also have embroiled him with the disputing schools of Hillel and Shammai, w o are now in a position to understand the supposed prohibition of Matthew. " This celebrated verse," says a learned scholar and writer, which has been so torn from its historical connection, and studied apart, must be applied as it was clearly meant to be applied-understood as it was understood then. It applied to the husbands rights, under the custom of Judea, and it protected the wife against the grievous wrongs to which she was then subject, but it was not meant to apply to a state of things under which the right of divorce is taken away from the husband altogether, and vested in the civil magistrate, acting officially, after inquiry, and by publicjuaici.il process. Those rigid tcxtuahsts who tell us that these verses are the platform on which, and on which alone, marriage laws under all circumstances ought to be based ; that they contain, and are meant to contain a complete code of marriage and divorce ought, in consistency, to ask us to go back to the Jewish custom, to give every man the right to marry without formalities of any kind, and to be the judge in his own cause whenever he may charge his wife with being unfaithful 'Hint is the state of things that in these verses is left by Christ unreproved and unaltered, and there is not a clergyman in this country who would propose or consent to return to such a scheme- Modern society has completely moved away from the old Jewish custom of marriage. We have adopted the principle that it ought not to be left to the arbitrary act of the individual man, but that marriage and divorce should be under strict legal regulation." 1 could quote many other opinions to the same effect morn eminent theologians and exegesis, and even from bishops of the Anglican church, revered alike for their piety and erudition, but I do not think there is any need to labour the case- in other CUMES of equally positive and general statements of Christ, we do not find the clergy insisting on such a slavish and utterly unreasonable subserviency to the mere letter, apart from the spirit and purpose of the words in the very same chapter of Matthew, and in the immediately following verses to those where, forsooth, we are told that divorce is peremptorily forbidden except for fornica lion, Christ says, "Swear not at all I Let your communication be Yea, yea Nay, nay" We laugh at the Quakers who read this literally and act upon it Christians universally consider that the words do not apply to oaths administered by the edge in judicial proceedings, just as we read the preceding words as not applying to divorce, which the state through its courts grams for weighty cause and on strict proof. If he reads literally the precept in the same chapter to pluck out the unending eye, or cut off the offending hand? M hut clergyman even thinks he ought to give his cloak also to the purloiner of his coat? I but Christ s words are not to be construed as being a fixed and unalterable code allowing only one cause of divorce for all times and peoples IS conclusively proved by St. Paul in Conntlnius admitting a second ground. H the unbeliever in a mixed marriage depart, < e , desert, divorce with re marriage is, in the opinion of the Apostle of the Gentiles, law but for the bob ver for 300 years the Presbyterian Church and the Scotch people, on the the authority of St Paul, justly and permit divorce for desertion in all marriages whether mixed or not So no the reformed churches and the Protestant nations of the Continent in the Roman Catholic Church this verse in Corinthians is relied upon by unionists as an authority for the Supreme Pontiff dissolving the marriage bond in certain cases to which I shall allude in my next letter. And even in the Church of England the view that desertion is a scriptural ground of divorce commends itself to a large and influential section of its commentators and du men Amongst others, I may mention Dean Afford and Dr. Wordsworth, bishop of Lincoln The latter theologian in his comment race on the Greek Testament, referring to Corinthians, says - St. Paul intended to convey that Christ had not directly provided for these particular cases (marriage of Christians with un- believers), and that he, an apostle of Christ, inspired by the Holy Ghost, supplies the answer in this case, which was not determined by the Lord himself when on earth " If Christ considered sexual incontinence, either before, or after marriage, a valid ground of divorce, is it not a foul libel on his whole life and teaching to say that he forbids divorce to a wife whose husband has been guilty of one of those horrible and unnatural crimes to which it is a shame ever in veiled terms to allude? let such unnatural oil ences are not covered by the strict letter of his answer to the Pharisees Surely no one out of Bedlam will thing of classing mi chastity in the same category as these awful crimes But as it is it is almost virtuous in comparison with the unutterable depravity of these St Paul allowed divorce to the believer whose unbelieving spouses had deserted. Undoubtedly this was because the deserting party had by this means put an end to the marriage and frustrated all its purposes. Can it be reasonably supposed that he would have denied it to a husband whose wife was imprisoned for life for attempting to poison him? Surely this and all similar cases are fully covered by the reason underlying the rule he laid down for the benefit of the innocent believer. In such cases the marriage is completely broken by the guilty party, and its whole end and aim permanently defeated. And when these conditions are present, and are clearly proved, the state may, in the spirit of the teaching of Christ and St. Paul, give their freedom to those who are in benefits bondage and suffering the torture of a living death. I have written enough, I think, to prove that our Saviour never uttered a word which can be held to limit the action of the state in granting divorce. Dixon of by the civil power was an idea then utterly unknown. In the interests of the wife the restricted the arbitrary power which each husband claimed to exercise in an unfettered manner. Yet in the one case in which He permitted divorce He left her husband to be sole judge in his own cause. by our laws we have actually gone Timber than He went We have dis- allowed divorce altogether for any cause to the husband merely of his own act in the noble spirit of Christ's teaching, we have thus provided additional safeguards for the wife, but which are certainly not warranted by any express words of Ills. Mischievous in result as are the offences for which Christ and St Paul expressly allowed divorce, there are other wrongs and outrages in our complex modern life which are louder, deadlier, and more terrible to endure than those which were in their thoughts 19 centuries ago. If St. Paul could say that Christ never contemplated, and, therefore, never intended to deal with the case of an unbeliever desertion, and that, in courts- ] quence, he must extend divorce to meet the new cause, so assuredly may nations and legislatures deal also with other cases wherein the purposes of marriage are as grossly defeated, and the bond itself as absolutely annulled as by the wrongs for which they, in their era, granted this relief. Accept, Sir, in conclusion, my very grateful acknowledgments of your courtesy in yield- ing me so much space, and, believe me, to., WM SHIELS. The George Hotel, St. Kilda, Oct 6 