Notes Now and Then. (By J.M.- That the buck blocks are advancing towards u higher class of civilization, there cunnot be the slightest doubt re maining iu the minds of those who wit nessed the grand display of vocal talent which assembled in the Mallett Downs woolshcd, on the 22ud tilt., under the auspices of the geniul proprietor (Mr. M'lutyre) who fulfilled the duul position of stuge-nianuger und accompauyist to the thorough satiBfuction of overyene — himself included of course — As the affair was held in aid of a local charity, 'twould be unfuirtocriticise it in the free and impartial manner that would other wise have been the case. The first part of the proceedings was the orthodox christy minstrel affair of songs und dia logues, iu which Mr, Darcy, as centre man fulfilled his position satisfactorily. The son g ' Close the shutters, Willie's dead' sung by the company, and bring ing in the ghost of Hamlet's father, wrapped in a wool-bale in lieu of u coat of mail succeeded in frightening the singers off the stage, startling some of the fuir hbx seutud in the reserved seats, waking the inevitable baby, nnd bringing down the curtain on the first act. After an interval of 10 minutes — to allow the uudience to recover their Berenity, and enable the minstrels to divest themselves of their ebouy Qom plexions — the sweet strums of the piano announced the resumption of hostilities, Mr. Wl.yte singinn ' Look before you leap' in masterly s'.y e; ?.?'tlie .allusion about rushing too reuklessly into matri mony contained in the song, bringing a smile on the . faces ? of some would - be benediots, while those who were already blessed with a sharer of their joys and sorrows, shook their heads in an ominous manner and ?iiglied regretfully, ' The star of Erin's Isle' sung in character, a pine stick or a leg of a ohair doing duty for n shilla leh. ?' Anchored,' sung by Mr. M'ln tyro with true musical culture, bringing forth a vigorous encore, the aforesaid baby being nnnWe to spoak, nnd being nnxioiiR, no doubt, to show his apprecia tion nf i he song, kicking off his hootR. Tis needless to say that tho singor ut onco yielded to their request in his usual graceful manner. Mr. Elliot now gave a solo on tho bones, his manipulation of wliich being truly artistic, the applause being of such a vigorous character that the proprietor might well tremMo for the safety of his shed, no vera I seated in one of the pens, adding to the general din by the mil on which they were seated giving way, while a shearer who was utilising tho wool-press us a coign of vantage, fell into it (the press) and was not found until next morning, hap pily unhuri. The stage- manager now announced that the hat would be sent round to the uccompaniment of slow music, with the viow of extracting from the pockets of those charitably inclined something on behalf of the Balranald Hospital, which resulted in tho sum of £1 10s. being subscribed in a very few minutes, which wero suitably acknow ledged by Mr. M'Intyre in a few well chosen remarks. After several more songs which it would be needless waste of time to particular ize, Mr. G. TCrng danced a sailors liorn ptpe, which was pronounced .by the re tired captain of a Murray-River barge a first-rate exhibition of the light fautas tic toe. The best part of the evening commenced by Mr. Dunn's rendering of 'Sliamus O'Brien,' which elicited an encore to which he amiably responded by favouring the company with a Scotch recitation, clearly demonstrating the fact that ho (Mr. Dunn) was equally at home as a native o' the land o' cakes. After that, Mr. Elliot and Mr. Dunn sang ' We traced her little footsteps in the snow.' The evening's amusement was brought to a close by the sidesplit ting farce entitled ' Hiring a groom,' in which Mr. Whyte shone to advant age. As this has been merely an initia tive step in the right direction, it is to be hoped that others will lay their heads together and follow in the footsteps of the spirited manager of Mallett Downs. 