WITH SOCK AND BUSKIN. I Dimity's Dilemma is the name of a new piece soon to bo brought out at tho Gaiety 1 Theatre. ! * # # It is said that Mr. Augustus Harris lias undertaken to produce no fewer than eight provincial pantomimes next Christmas. The Court Theatre was reopened on Jan. 27 with a new farcical comedy by Mr. A. W. Pinero, entitled Sandy Did. # # * Mr. St. Maur's performance of James Ralston, in Jem the Penman, is very highly spoken of by the Brisbane Press. ? * it Mr. Arthur Law's drama, After Long Years, will be produced at the Criterion on Feb. 2, with Miss De Grey as tho heroine. * * » Mr. Levy, tho cornet player, and his wife, Mdme. Stella Levy, have arrived in London from America, to make a concert tour through Europe. ? * ? The Noble Vagabond is reported to be listinctly advancing in public favour at the Princess', London, and the advance ixioking is now increasing dailv. « # ° * Tho late Mr.. Tom Taylor's attractive play. Lady Clanearty, will be shortly re rived at St. James' Theatre. » * ? Mr. A. H. D. Prendergast has made an excellent arragement of the National \nthom for male voices, which he calls a 'Jubilee Edition.' It will be found most rn limbic nnd effective whero male voices mly are available. ? « # A terrible reverse has befallen Mr. Frank Musgrave, long known both to the public md the profession as musical director at rarious London theatres. He is now an inmate of the Betlinal Green Lunatic Asylum, and so poor that he is in need of winter clothing. # # # When Robinson Crusoe shall havo ran its appointed course at the Avenue Theatre Indiana will be revived there in brilliant style. Meanwhile such is the attraction of the former piece that the management are giving extra matinees on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays. * * « David Garrick reached its fiftieth per formance at the Criterionlon January 22, the piece being played to two crowded houses. Handsome programmes, contain ing a portrait and fac simile letter of Garrick, were distributed amongst the audience as a souvenir oftfw ..occasion. * * « ' ? On the 2Gth of January Mr. C. Wilmot, *? the manager of the Grand Theatre, gave a i freo performance of Mr. Geoffrey Thorn's ' pantomine, Robinson Crusoe, to over 1000 children of the Caledonian Asylum, the Islington Workhouse Schools, and other institutions. The Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress and Sir Albert Bollit, M.P., were present. « * « Faust runs its course as triumphantly as ever at the Lyceum, where, though it has now passed its three hundredth represen tation, it retains all its original strength and freshness of interest. The thratre will be closed on the evening of Ash Wed nesday, when Mr. Henry Irving will give a reading of Hamlet at the Birkbeck Insti tution. # * * The death of Mr. Edward Collett May, in his eighty-first year, has made another gap in the ranks of the pioneers of musical education. Mr. May was one of Dr. Hullah's earliest associates in the cause of popularising music. For many years ho was teacher at several of the most impor tant training colleges. He retired from active work in 1885. * * « Miss Nolly Power, a famous English comic singer, died last month. Miss Power made her appearance at an early -ige on the music-hall boards, and was a special favourite at the Canterbury, where her famous ' Up in a balloon, boys,' and other ditties associated with her name, became especially popular. At the time of her death she was engaged at the Trocadero. Miss Power was married some fifteen years since to Mr. Israel Gideon Barnett. « * * An evening concert was given at the Public Hall, Croydon, on Monday, January ill, in aia oi me ' Assisted emigration Fund.' Tho concert was under distin guished patronage, and Princess Frederica was present. The Strolling Players' Amateur Orchestral Society formed the orchestra, tho soloists being Mdme. Clara Samnell, Miss Eleanor Bees, and Signor Bottesina. Mr. Wilhelm Ganz was at the pianoforte. * *= # L meeting was held in the saloon of the Lyceum Theatre on January 24 for the purposo of forming a committee to enlarge the library of tho Shakespeare Memorial at Stratford-on-Avon. Mr. Henry Irving (who was invited to the chair), Sir Frederick Pollock, Dr. Furnivall, Mr. Bichard Holmes (the Queen's Librarian), Mr. Chnrles E. Flower, and Mr. F. Hawley were present, and it was unanimously re- i solved, on tho offer of Mr. Irving, that a public meeting Bhould be held at the Lyceum Theatre on Shakespeare's birth day, for the purpose of carrying out the above object. * * * The committee of St. Mary's Catholic Church, Corowa, have selected The Shaughraun for their performance on St. Patrick's night- The cost includes one or two new aspirants for public favonr. Among these are Messrs. B. Beynolds, who fills the important part of Captain Moly neux, and 0. Jepson, the Father Dolan of tho piece. The title role falls, of course, to the share of Mr. Lin Browne, whilo Miss Taylor returns to the boards in the lead ing character of Claire Ffolliott. To Miss Bona Squires has been allotted the con genial, character of Moya, and Misses Eva Squires and Alice Sowell appear as Arte O'Neal and Mrs. 0'ICelly. In Harvey Duff, the informer, Mr. H. P. Bray has a big chance to repeat tho success of hs first ap pearance, and tho part of Corry Kinchela servos to reintroduce an old favourite, Mr. A. Thompson. ♦ # # Every night after the production of Verdi's Kabucco in Bomo in 1847 the public applauded with frenzy certain pieces. One night a person in tho costume of the National Guard up in the gallery, with one leg over tho balustrade, the pieco having been already ropeatod, kept on shouting, ' Bis ! Ariva Italia ! Viva Pio Nono!' Others joined in chorus, and tho curtain roso for the third time. Still the fellow was not satisfied; he continued shouting, so that at last the public lost JJilUIUUUU UUU lUSOIJU. 1U111. -Lb uuiit, it doubling his noise, nnd reaching the par oxysm of his patriotic fury, ho took off his shako, and threw it into the pit ; tohis shako succeeded his tunic, then his waist coat; the occupiers of the pit began to be nervous, fearing that he might throw him self over next ; but he did worse than that : he drew his sword and hurled it with such violence that it embedded itself in tho stage, two steps from tho footlights, in tho midst of general alarm. At this moment an officer mado his way to this madman, seized him, not without difficulty, and turned him out of tho theatre. * # # Gilbert and Sullivan's STew Opera. ItUDDTClOEU; OK, T1IE witch's CURSE. The new supernatural opera, in two acts, by Mr. W. S. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan, produced on January 22, bears tho title of Ruddygore, or the Witch's Curse, \ titlo ? somewhat suggestive of transpontine molodrama of tho old -Victoria or Coburg days. Tho connection between tho now work and the old form of dramatic entertainment is further exem-' plified in the characters themselves. There iu a wicked baronet, a maid gone mad for love, the victim of a crime, and a British sailor of the old T. P. Cooke type, several sports, besides other pleasant absurdities familiar in the dramas of the past. The new opera will have to look for its greatest success at heme, and perhaps chiefly in London, where the form of drama treated struck its firmest roots. Tho present generation knows little of it, except by report, but if Mr. Gilbert's opera is successful, it may be the means of reviv ing tho old, ' blood and murder ' dramas of the Almar, Fitzball, Dibdin, Pitt, and Buckstone typo, so that tho force of his satire may be seen. The story is of a wicked family, beginning with one Sir Bupert Murgatroyd, who in the days of King James burned a witch, who cursed him and hi* descendantf-*, condemning them under the penalty of dying in the most exquisite torments, to commit a crime each day. Sir Butliven, the existing baronet, who is a simple-hearted person, in order to avoid tho commission of crime, pretends to have died, and the title and estates are taken by a young brother, who carries out the conditions of his in heritance. His latest intended crime is to carry off Bose Maybud, the village beauty, who consults a book of etiquette in all her actions. This crimo-is evaded by the dis closure made by Bichard Dauntless, a treacherous sailor, the foster brother of Butliven. He is asked by the latter to propose to Bo3e for him, and so to make love by proxy; but he, 'obeying the dictates of his heart,' does so for hiniBelf, and is accepted by Bose. When Bose finds out this treachery, and reflects that Buthven, as a prosperous farmer, is wealthy, she transfers her affections, and then, in pleasant sort of revenge, Bichard discloses the fact that his rival is the long-lo3t baronet. This ends tho first act. The second finds the two brothers have changed thoir ways. The one hitherto wicked has married Mad Margaret, has donned very sober garments, and teaches in a National School. The other accepts the duties of his heritage and becomes bad, aided and abetted by a wicked steward, who was the good old man of the first act. Ho acquits himself of his duties so badly that tho pic tures of his ancestors become animated, and arraign him for neglect of duty. His explanations are not satisfactory, and ho is charged to do something at once to concili ate the departed bad spirits. Ho is to carry O.f a maiden. This he does through his steward, and Dame Hannah i3 brought to the castle. An appeal is made to the C'ircStv-first baronet, who appears, and is discovered' by- Ilannah to be her dead lover. They are reconciled/, and the whole of tho ancestors, in consequence of ' a fallacy somewhere,' are proved to'-J.'« practically alive, and, as Sir Roderick telii. thom all, ' an application to the Supreme (Jo^rfc is all that is necessary to prove that' you never ought to have died at all.' Many of the lines in the, book are ex tremely droll, and are certainly among the best things ever written by their author. These will interest a refined audience, who will be rewarded for tho absence of par ticular interest in the plot by the wit of the conversation of the characters. The audiences at tho Savoy have been edu cated, as it were, to appreciate Mr. Gilbert's subtle and caustic humour. He has hitherto been happy in finding many interesting incidents and felicitous plots for his operas. He maybe making a now departure in this his latest work by keep ing both qualities subservient to his dialogue, which i3 pungent in tho ex treme. All the strength of the opera is supplied by Sir Arthur Sullivan in his music, which is among the best and happiest of his creations. There is nothing striking in the overture beyond | tne tact that it is a toretaste of the melodies and effects in the work. But from the time the curtain rises until it falls there is not a dull bar in tho whole work. There is a wealth of melody throughout. Each song is a gem in its way, whether it be in the legend of the witch's curse, Bose's ballad on etiquette, the elegant duct for Eobin (Buthven) and Rose, ' I know a youth.' Bicliard's sea song, ' The Parley Voo,' the delicious song for Mad Margaret, ' To a garden full of posies,' and other soli compositions. The second act is no less brightened by beautiful melody. Bose's ballad, ' In bygone days,' Hannah's song, 'There grow a littlo flower,' are things which will win popularity apart from tho situations in which they occur. There are, of course, patter songs and so forth for certain of tho characters which will tell better when the singers aro moro familiar with them. The ensemble pieces are per fect specimens of artistic workmanship. The madrigal and tho gavotte at the end of the first act is irresistible in its effect, and the music which accompanios tho scene whero the pictures descend from their frames is perfectly unique for de sign and scoring. In short, the music is worthy of the highest consideration, and deserves to be counted nmohg tho classics of tho form of art to which it belongs. Tho performance was marked by that careful attention to detail which characterises all works produced by tho management. Miss Leonora Braham, at first a little ont of voice, sang charm ingly, and acted with much sweotness of style. Miss Jessie Bond, whether as Mad Margaret or as tho wife of tho reformed baronet, was peculiarly happy in her im personation. Miss Evernrd. as the head of the professional bridesmaids, who con stantly chant ' in National schoolgirl fashion, 'Hail, the bridogroom and the bride,' made the best of her part ; and Miss Brandram, as old Hannah, sang most artistically and acted most effectively in the true melodramatic style. Mr. Gros smith, fitted with a part that, at present, scarcely suits his stylo, may ultimately work it up so a3 to do justice to himself. Mr. Temple, as Sir Boderick, the ghost, was thoroughly excellent, and sang the song, 'When the night wind howls,' with its marvellously effective accompani ment, in admirable fashion. Mr. Butland Barrington, alike as the gloomy baronet, dressed d la William Corder of the Bed 1 Bam, or as the National School Teacher iu his quaint hoadgoar, realised ono of the most striking impersonations he has ever' yet achieved. Tho acting of Mr. Durward fjoly, as the typical mariner, was in the highest degree perfect. He not only acted as though all his lite he had played the pigtail sailor, but he sang with jollity and danced a hornpipe in a style which would have made him tho greatest favourite with any audience, transpontine or other. Tlio costumes deserve especial mention. The military uniforms in the first act aro copied from' tlioso in fashion with various regiments in the first quarter of the present century, exact in every detail, and gorgeous in their magnificence. Tho an cestors, ranging from the time of James I. to the present day, are equally correct, save that tho Bishop should have been provided with his hood as doctor of divinity, and should have worn the scarf of that faculty in front instead of behind. The bridesmaids' dresses are also things of beauty. The scenery is wonderfully effective. Tho portraits are all painted from life from the wearers of tho cos tumes, and the stage effects, so far as thoy are an expansion of the idea employed by tho author for German Beeds, in his Ages Ago, for which Mr. F. Clay furnished music, aro as novel as they aro realistic. In tho dark scone Sir Arthur Sullivan conducted with a baton bearing a small incandescent lamp. At tho conclusion porformers, author, the composer, nnd tho manager wero called before tho curtain to recoive tho applause of the audience. 