DAVITT'S CRITICISM.' OF THE PLANS' OP THE NATIONAL PARTY. John Dillon, M.P., speaking at a great meet ing at Arklow, on July 15, alluding to the Cool greany evictions, and Michael Dayitt's ajsitioiam of the attitude of some o£ the evicted tenants, apoke as follows : — I any to the men of Coolgreany and c£ tho other estateSj which are now in considerable number, that you are now fighting not only for your own interests, not only for your own future you are fighting tho battle of Ireland as the men who charged these streets 88 years ago. ? You are fighting, it :s true, not undor circum stances oi such desperate danger. Times altei? and circumstances alter, alao. You ate fighting with more of hope and lees of risk ; but just aa in the old times the men of '08 did not hesitate to pile their bodies on the streets of this town, because they believed that they wese struggling on bohalf of the old cause and the old country ; so you to-day will not hepitate and will not flinch ? even when the walls o£ the old house come tum bling down before your ayes, It is a cruel thing to suffer, but it is for the old cause, and you will not bo false to the mem ?ne-s of the fathers that went before you. I say here to-doy, and I do not hesitate to say it, that I for one am not ashamed of the actioD of the men of Cool groany. (Cheers.) Maybe that tinder certain circumstances greater sacrifices and greater risk would be demanded at the hands of the people of Ireland, but they have done what they were asked to do. (Cheers.) AN APPEAL TO THE FATHER OP THE LEAGUE. Now, I want to say a few words upon a speech that was made here a few days ago. There is no man in Irish politic? for whom I have a greater respect than Michael Davitt. (Cheers.) We have been old friends, and I trust we shall be friends to the end. But I cannot at the same time refrain from expressing my regret that he should have selected this place to find fault with advice that was given in Dublin. Hia opinion from the sacrifices which he has aaade and his character before the people of Ireland will always of necessity carry with it the greatest weight in the councils of the national party. And I beseech Mr. Davitt that if in tho future he has any fault to find with any counsel that has been given by the central organization, which reprenents the Irish race, that he will come to Dublin and lay his opinions before ua in private (heav, hear), when, I need hardly say, his opinions and his voice will zeceive the utmont weight ; but I do say that now when the organization has boen threatened with proscription under the Coercion Act, and by the Tory Government, that this not the time to dis cuss any alight differences in public. And my earnest wish ia thia, as it has been always, that the Irish race — God knows they have enemies enough in front of them — should keep a solid, unbroken, and undivided front to the enemy, and that all their differences as to detail should be discuqsod in the privacy of their own council chambers. (Hoar, hoar.) I trust this policy will be pursued in future, and this I say, that tho gentleman to whom references in connection with certain advice, which was said to have been given in Dublin— I mean Mr, Harrington (cheors) — i3 a man whom I have known and worked with, throughout tho whole of the move ment, and I know of no one in whose courage — hia rookleas and determined courage — and in wkoae honesty and whose honour I have more implicit truot. I say that because I know tlint Mr. Harrington from his own position will not bo n. man to defend himself, and therefore I fool bound as a colleague to boar this testi mony to him. Mr, Harrington is not tho man to dive counsels of timidity to anyone, and it must be owing to some atrango misconception that his speech has been iakon aa au advice to the people to play tho part of cowards. (Hear, hear.) T know of no man in Ireland, not even Mr. Dttvifct, in whoae courage I have more im plicit truofc. I hope that this is tho laat we shall hear in public of matters of this kind. The objects we have in view are the onme, and if we should differ- -about details of policy — but I confess that in this particular instance I fail to coe where it lias. I trust that wo uhall in future arrange our councils in private ao that when we come in tho face of the enemy let there bo bat one advico aud ono action, By that . . ? : ? -In - ? „ ? . course, and by that 'course alone,, can vzo expect to succeed in the faoo of tremendous difficulties which bar our path— difficulties certainly they &\'o. 'We are new face to face with coercion, which is to -conie into force next week. I took the liberty of paying in Parliament last week that tho peoplo of Ireland V7oulcl not; alter their position one iofc'j, in consequence of the Act. (Hear.) That ifi the advice that I intend to give the people of Ireland ; and, bslievo me, after two or three months, if you act upon that advice— if you show the wretched, feeble, tottering Govein-, ment which is now hastening to a rapid death tinder the stabs of Lord Eandolph Churchill, if you show thorn that you treat them with con tempt, you will find that af.ter two or throo months that Coercion Act will be absolutely valueless, that is useful only as a ghost or bogie to frighten you, and it you refuse to ba frightened and show that you aro determined to go on you? course you will find that this miserable Coercon Act ia utterly end absolutely futile, and it, like many a formidable measure in the past, will bo trodden down into the dust before the onward march of the enfranchised people of Ireland. (Loud cheers.) 