FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1887. At the meeting which is to be held to-night in the Town-hall, on behalf of the Bulli Relief Fund, the citizens of Melbourne will require no oratorical spur to rouse their benevolence into action. The plain story of the disaster, the bare enumeration of those who have been suddenly rendered poor and dependent, will be enough. By its magnitude, and on account of the large number who have been rendered destitute, the calamity far ex- ceeds the bounds which the ordinary charity of the people can reach, and calls for a special effort throughout all the cities of Australia. The tale of four- score deaths means that many families have not only to endure the severest of losses, but that, unless the community provides for them, they will be con- fronted with the prospect of absolute want. The catastrophe came with an appalling suddenness, and spared no one, the old and the young, father and son, meeting a common doom. The breadwinner has been cut off in the prime of life, leaving his family to the tender mercies of the world ; and boys, in whom many hopes doubtless centred, have perished at an age when the richer and more fortunate are still at school. In some households all who were able to work have lost their lives. Father and sons were engaged in the same occupation, and when one fate befel them, the desolation of their families was made complete and ruin- ous. The mine was the heart of Bulli. The whole township gathered round it and depended upon it ; it fur- nished employment to the male population, and it absorbed the boys as soon as they were strong enough to be of use. The explosion has thus been the cause of actual desti- tution. It is not as if one had met with an accident, and there were still other members of the family able to work ; it is that the workers, in many instances, have all been killed. Death has never used his ghastly sickle with worse consequences than in this Aus- tralian village maintained by the one dangerous industry. On the present occasion the effects of the disaster are intensified by the protracted strike which had just been brought to a close when it occurred. The miners were ex- hausted in the course of a long and bitter conflict. Whatever earnings they might have accumulated, and these were not probably large, disappeared in the dispute like logs in a fire. They were reduced to poverty before the ac- cident happened, and now the poverty has been rendered crushing and hope- less, except so far as it can be lightened by the charity of others. There may be different views regarding the labour troubles that perpetually arise on the coalfields of New South Wales, and there will be many who cannot sympa- thise with the action of the miners' unions. No one, however, we are convinced, will grudge to give something towards the wives and mothers, who were not responsible for the strike, and some of whom were opposed to it. It is for the benefit of the weaker sex, who have to bear the full brunt not only of strikes but of accidents, that the citizens are asked to subscribe. As the graphic description of our special reporter shows, they are in sore need. We have no doubt that the citizens of Melbourne will respond in a manner commensurate with their wealth, and worthy of their reputa- tion for generosity. If any other claim were required to be put forward than that of the poverty and suffering which exist at Bulli, it would be found in the fact that the disaster has hap- pened near our doors, and to a class of people who help to build up our pros- perity. The coal of New South Wales is the motive power of our engines, the vitality of our factories, our shipping, our railways. In subscribing to the fund we are only doing our duty by those who have suffered in an industry that is essential to our welfare. The people of this colony have almost forgotten what it is to live in the midst of serious and embittered political strife. So tranquil and un- eventful has been the course of Vic- torian politics for the last three or four years, that it requires some effort of the imagination to realise how critical is the condition of parties in the United Kingdom, and to appreciate the gravity of the task which Lord SALISBURY'S Government have before them at present. What is euphuistically called a " Coercion Bill " or " Crimes Bill " has just been introduced into the House of Commons, and the effect of this proposal is to bring men of both parties at last face to face. As lawyers used to say, " issue is " joined " on the "coercion " question. Irish affairs are as good and ostensible a plea as any on which to fight out party questions. Men can focus their differences on the " coercion " question. Politicians may thus close their ranks and declare themselves decisively either for or against the new policy, or new departure, involved in the demand for fresh and extraordinary powers in Ireland. The present " coercion " bill differs from previous proposals of the kind, in that the British Government now at last frankly acknowledges the triumph of the Nationalist or rebel party over the greater part of Ireland at the moment, and acknowledges also that, backed by the " ordirary law " alone, the QUEEN'S authority is easily ousted by the rival rule which the nationalists enforce with rifle, knife, and bludgeon. At a meeting of the Conservative party on the 20th February, Lord SALISBURY told his followers— " Government had done everything in their power with the instruments at their command. It was impossible for anyone to point out a single provision of the existing law of which they had not availed themselves. They were told that they ought to have proclaimed the National League. But unless they had had a law to enforce it, such a measure would have been perfectly ineffective. When Mr. Gladstone's Govern- ment proclaimed the Land League, the Habeas Corpus Act was suspended, and it was in their power to imprison anyone who disobeyed. The present Government had to act within the law of the United Kingdom, at present not an efficient instrument for dealing with the veiled rebellion that had arisen in Ireland." Although " outrages " and murders have often been more frequent, at no time since 1798 has the authority of the Crown been so successfully defied in Ireland as at present. The decrees of the courts are flouted, and when con- stabulary are sent to enforce them armed mobs have to be encountered. Local elective bodies set acts of Parlia- ment openly and successfully at defiance. Mr. DILLON and other " traversers," recently tried in Dublin, treated the judge and all concerned with entire contempt, and during the trial the lord mayor of Dublin entertained the accused at a banquet, which was all through an elaborate insult to the Court. Lord SALISBURY'S Government have certain proposals for dealing with the Irish land question. Obviously none of them have much chance of fair play as long as there is another, and an independent, Government ruling in Ireland. But whatever may be their faith in new legislation or new experi- ments, it appears that Lord SALIS- BURY and Mr. BALFOUR are virtually asking for power to bring Ireland again under the authority of the Crown. The last phase of the Irish question has put an end to much political cant and simulation. At the opening of the session the Ministry announced their intention to bring in their " procedure " resolutions and new rules of debate before dealing with " the condition of Ireland " ques- tion. This was taken as an evidence of weakness. Resistance to the police and defiance of the courts of law instantly increased enormously, and the evidence of nationalist prowess coming from Ireland became so marked that Mr. GLADSTONE and Mr. LA- BOUCHERE were emboldened to drop the talk about conciliating Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN, " uniting the Liberal party," &c.;, and instead they have nailed their colours to the mast ; it is to be the Home Rule Bill of last year, or nothing. On the other hand, Conserva- tives have dropped a good many of the pretences of recent years also. The bill introduced by Mr. BALFOUR is openly and nakedly " unconstitutional." Trial by jury is abolished. " Two " magistrates " are to have power to imprison boycotters, " conspirators," and people who forcibly resist the decrees of the courts, or unlawfully seize property. Mr. EDWIN DE LISLE, a Catholic M.P., stated in the House of Commons that he would like to see certain " nationalist " bishops brought to England to be tried there. This sug- gestion is embodied in the new bill. The question before the House of Commons, before the people of Eng- land, Scotland, and Wales, and the loyal counties of Ireland at the present time, is, therefore, very simple. The authority of the Crown and Parliament can only be enforced in Ireland by " coercing " the people who resist it. Force is appa- rently the sole remedy against the nationalist usurpation. The question is whether the House of Commons and the people of the United King- dom will consent to the adequate amount of force being employed. Prince BISMARCK would make short work of a nationalist movement in Alsace or Lorraine ; General BOU- LANGER would know how to deal with a royalist rising in Brittany ; General GRANT had no compunction in sup- pressing the Ku-klux gang and the scattered rebel movements which broke out during the ten years succeeding the Confederate War in the United States. But Lord SALISBURY has nothing like the power which Prince BISMARCK or an American President is endowed with. He is the Minister of a democracy, and it is not even a case of a united England against a united Ireland. Extremists, malcontents, and enthusiasts in England, Scotland, and Ireland make the " nationalist " cause their own. They may not sym- pathise with the Irish nationalists en- tirely, but they hope from the triumph of the nationalists and the defeat of the " landlord class "—or the Conservative party or the aristocratic whigs—in Ire- land, to bring about the triumph of their own views at their own side of the Channel. The new " coercion " proposals of the Salisbury Government divide the United Kingdom very clearly into two camps. They will probably give rise to a final and no doubt a decisive struggle. Mr. GLADSTONE carries aloft the banner of sur- render to the nationalists, and all those who cannot make up then minds to coerce Irish crime or to coerce British law back to its former supremacy in Ireland, will enlist under his banner. The defeat of the present Ministry on this question would be a token that the Impelial Parliament abandoned the settlement of Irish affairs to the Irish themselves. Par- liamentary action from Westminster would cease, in all probability, for a time, and the future of the country would depend on which one of the many existing Irish parties and fac- tions could establish its supremacy by the " ordeal of combat." A certain amount of friction between the Public Service Board and the officers under its jurisdiction was pro- bably unavoidable at the first introduc- tion of the new act. The difficult and delicate task of reorganising and re- arranging the Civil Service was one that could hardly fail to provoke some dissatisfaction, even if it were carried out with the utmost carefulness, and without a single mistake. The officers are naturally jealous of their rights, and though many of their grievances may have been imaginary, they were none the less felt. Hence arose the notion that the board somehow or other was in a position of antagonism towards the civil servants, or, at least, that it was separate from them and acted without regard to their wishes and opinions. From the mere fact that many of them were called upon to appear before it and plead against its decisions, it was often considered to be a body hostile or indifferent to their interests. In addition to this are some crudities in the act which require immediate amending. That there will be an honest endeavour to amend the measure so as to make it at once more acceptable and more just in its incidence, is cer- tain. Not only will a large body of men be thus better satisfied, but it will be of advantage to the country to do away with the discontent which smoulders sullenly in the Public Service Association. The state, above all other employers, is anxious to deal leniently with its servants, and when the shoe is actually seen to pinch an attempt at relief will be quickly made. The board itself, both for its own credit and for the success of the different departments, must desire to co- operate harmoniously with its officers. Its first duty is to administer the law in the interests of the public as strictly as if it were the impersonation of justice or fate ; its second is to do this without causing trouble or creating grievances in the ranks of the service. It was with the view of promoting good feeling, and bridging over some little gaps, that the Public Service Association requested it to receive deputations, and to discuss suggestions. The board, however, did not deem itself in a position to comply, for reasons, the soundness of which must be acknowledged. The functions fulfilled by it are different, not merely in degree, but in their nature, from those which de- volve upon the Railway Commissioners. The latter are virtually employers of labour, with full power to appoint and dismiss, to make contracts, and to agree to compromises in the event of a dis- pute. Accordingly they stand in exactly the same relation to their workmen as the ordinary employer, and may make use of similar methods. But the Public Service Board is constituted on an entirely different footing. It has neither the right of appointing or dismissing, it enters into no contracts, it is in effect a committee of supervision. In- stead of carrying on a business, it has rather to see that a particular enactment is fully observed. It has not to work one department, but to arrange for the working of many de- partments. Its functions are to a large extent judicial. It is a court of review before which complaints and charges against officers are formally brought, and which must arrive at its decisions, not by any outside pressure, but in ac- cordance with the documentary evidence placed before it. If a deputation has anything important to urge, it ought to be found in the evidence, and if it is not in the evi- dence, it should never be received. In other respects, also, the judicial attitude is essential to the board. The Railway Commissioners have principally to see that a national undertaking is managed economically, and they are judged by the profit and loss returns ; the Public Service Board has to apply the many minute regulations of an Act of Parlia- ment to all branches of the service, and must be criticised ac- cording to the impartiality with which it does so. But it does not follow from this that the members have the slightest dislike to the Public Service Association. They have been charged by the people who habitually assume that the truth is found in counting the number of heads, with ex- hibiting apathy and indifference to the civil servants. As a matter of fact, they approve of the objects of the asso- ciation. Their position is perfectly intel- ligible. Their main business being to carry out a law, they cannot delegate the work to any association, but must assume the responsibility of interpreting it as they think right. If the law stands in need of reform, they can do nothing to alter it. Their hands are tied, and relief must be sought from the Ministry and from Parliament. But it must be remembered that the civil servants have an ample remedy for any hardship which they may allege. They are not excluded from the heads of the departments or from the responsible Ministers Seeing that they have been heard both by Mr. SER- VICE and Mr. GILLIES, and that their society is fully recognised, it cannot be said that they are in any way pre- vented from giving expression to their views. An independent board might conceivably be to their advantage. If it refused deputations from the service, it would be equally bound to de- cline representations from the outside. ln the meantime it is necessary to amend the act with all diligence, in order to remove some real causes of complaint, and we press for such an amendment in order that the work may be undertaken by the friends of the non-political system, and not be left to its foes. It is pleasant to find that the dinner to Mr. ROBERT HARPER, on the occa- sion of his leaving for Europe, was attended by citizens and politicians of all shades of opinion. There are times for fighting for principles, and there are times for forgetting dif- ferences, and for remembering that those who struggle honestly in a free country must be credited with a common end. In politics Mr. HARPER has played a " lone hand " for some time past. But Ministers could honestly thank him for services rendered to the " good old " cause " of law and order, and if cynics think that Mr. BENT was there in the hopes of catching Mr. HARPER some day, the cynics would be wrong, as they so often are. Mr. BENT is shrewd enough to know that if the member for East Bourke could not act with the mixed team under Mr. GILLIES, his innermost soul would shrink from the very mixed lot acting with the leader of the Left. The soldiers of fortune go with Mr. BENT, the place-hunters and the dis- appointed professionals. It is consola- tory to reflect that there is no place for Mr. HARPER in that group. The belief that he will always be among the " elect " of the Assembly was indeed at the bottom of Wednesday's successful gathering. Mr. HARPER describes him- self as having invariably been on the losing side, but here, surely, he is mis- taken. He entered political life in the battle when the one side fought for a free and the other for a manacled Legislative Council, and we fancy Mr. HARPER won there. Surely, also, in the Presbyterian Assembly he heads the majority, and, as some people think, has had too much of his own way. With a very safe seat— that is, with a sympathetic constituency— with office at his disposal, if he chose to take it, and with a character for staunch- ness, the public career of the member for East Bourke is only to be described as a signal success. ln another consti- tutional struggle his old party would want Mr. HARPER again, and we must hope that his present trip will confirm his old energy, and add to it a valuable experi- ence. The first of what, we hope, will prove a series of important communications appears in our telegraphic columns this morning. A special reporter from The Argus office ac- companied the Victorian delegates to Eng- land, in order that the proceedings of the Imperial Conference might be noted on the spot from an Australian standpoint by a journalist, of local experience. To-day we have from our representative the particulars of the programme which the Victorian dele- gates have agreed to submit to the conference for consideration. The revenue returns for the third quarter of the current financial year are, as we were enabled to foretell yesterday, highly satisfac- tory, and testify to the continued prosperity of the colony. During the quarter which ended yesterday, the revenue was £1,805,306, which, added to the sum received during the six months ending with December last, makes a total of £5,044,080 for the first nine months of the financial year. In his budget Mr. Gillies estimated that the revenue for the whole year would be £6,516,000, so that more than three-fourths of the anticipated revenue has been received, the surplus, in fact, up to date being £157,080. In order to realise the Treasurer's estimate for the 12 months, the receipt of only £1,471,920 during the April- June quarter of the financial year is neces- sary, and that is considerably less than the average quarterly receipts during the expired portion of the year. Com- paring the revenue of the last quarter with the corresponding period of last year, it will be seen that the net increase is £21,758. But the excess of revenue for the 12 months which ended yesterday, as com- pared with that of the preceding 12 months, is £332,675. As to details of last quarter, the Customs revenue continues to increase, it being larger by £20,529 than in the first three months of 1886. Under the heading, "Excise and Inland Revenue," there was a falling off to the extent of nearly £5,000, chiefly owing to decreased receipts on account of spirits distilled in Vic- toria. There is a slight decrease in the terri- torial revenue, and an increase in the public works income, the latter due to a further advance in the railway income, the advance being £44,868. The Earl of Aberdeen, who is at present the guest of His Excellency the Governor, accompanied His Excellency on a visit to the Yan Yean Water Supply Works. The party left town on Wednesday morning, and re- turned yesterday evening. During their trip they were the guests of Mr. John Nimmo, Commissioner of Public Works. Lord Aber- deen, who is making a tour of the colonies, will visit Tasmania, and be the guest of Sir Robert Hamilton during Easter. He will return to Victoria, but will only make a very brief stay. His lordship purposes visiting America before his return to Europe. The arrangements for the public meeting at the Town-hall this evening in connection with the recent disaster at the Bulli colliery are now complete. A detachment of the Naval Reserve, with their band, will be on duty. The chair will be taken by His Excel- lency the Governor, who will probably be accompanied by the Earl of Aberdeen, ex- Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. The meeting will be addressed by the following gentle- men :—The Mayor of Melbourne (Councillor W. Cain), his Honour the Chief Justice, the Attorney-General, the Minister of Educalion, Mr. James Balfour, M.L.C., Mr. J. L. Purves, Q.C., the Rev. Dr. Bevan, Councillor G. D. Carter, M.L.A., probably Sir James MacBain, and a number of other well-known citizens. The resolutions will be expressive of sym- pathy with, and commiseration for, the bereaved widows and orphans, the expe- diency of the citizens of Melbourne and residents in the colony assisting their brethren in New South Wales in raising funds for the relief of those who have lost their breadwinners in the late calamity, and that a subscription list be set on foot, and a committee appointed. Our special reporter, who has returned from Bulli, makes some remarks on the towns meeting convened by the Mayor, and to be held in the Town-hall this evening. He writes :—" Perhaps only those on the spot can appreciate the urgent need there is for relief at Bulli. Nearly all the breadwinners have gone. It is to be remembered that the calamity was preceded by a strike which lasted nearly eight months, and which impoverished the miners and their families before the mineowners gained the day. The operations of the Bulli mine had been resumed less than a fortnight when the explosion took place, which has left about 60 widows and many children unprovided for. The rule of the proprietary company, after the cessation of the strike, was that no un- married man over 20 years of age should be employed in the mine, so that the number of helpless women and little ones whom the dis- aster has cast upon the world is much larger than would ordinarily attend the death of a similar number of men. It is also to be remembered that the miners who lost their lives were comparatively young men —picked men in fact, selected from so large a number of applicants that the com- pany were able to reject all who were past the prime of life. This fact has an im- portant bearing upon the urgent need of succour that has arisen, namely, that the families of the deceased men are not grown up, and will be depend- ent upon the generosity of the Australian public for support in their hour of need. At no time is a working miner with a family able to save much out of his pay wherewith to make future provision for his wife and family, and it is a well ascertained fact that the recent long strike in the Bulli district had left them absolutely destitute before they would consent to resume work. It is to be hoped that under all the pitiful and deserving circumstances the response to be made to-night at the Town-hall will set a worthy example to the whole colony of Victoria, for I can truly say that the occasion is one to touch the hearts of a philanthropic community. Mr. W. H. Greene, one of the Railway Commissioners, and Mr. J. Lunt, engineer for existing lines, gave evidence yesterday afternoon before the Royal Commission on the extension of the city westward of the Spencer-street railway station. Plans were produced to show the feasibility of erecting bridges over the railways in line with Collins-street, Bourke-street, Lonsdale-street, and Latrobe-street, to give access to the pro- posed docks and the present Melbourne swamp. All the approaches from the docks and swamp would be on a gradient of 1 in 30, while the approaches from the city would be 1 in 20, except in the case of the Latrobe-street bridge, which would be almost on the level. The cost of the bridges was estimated as follows :—Col- lins-street, £160,000 ; Bourke-street, £210,000 ; Lonsdale-street, £192,000 ; and Latrobe-street, £134,000. Both witnesses expressed the opinion that ample access to the docks and swamp lands would be provided for years to come by the widening of Flinders-street, the erection of a bridge over the railways in line with Latrobe-street, and the re-building of Dudley- street bridge the full width of the road. A subway in line with Spencer- street was considered impracticable, as it would be below the river level, and therefore liable to be flooded. The difficulty which arose with regard to the tenders for the third section of the Watts River aqueduct has now been settled. In the first instance the tender of Mr. R. C. Brown was accepted, but he refused to under- take the work on the ground that he had made a mistake of £11,000 in preparing his estimate. The next lowest tender was that of Mr. Peter Scott, and by a strange co- incidence he made a similar error in his com- petition. The Public Works Board then asked the third lowest tenderers, Messrs. M'Neil and Bath of Melbourne, to undertake the work, and they have now consented to do so. The amount of their tender is £34,079. The Water Supply department propose to thoroughly test the arid plains of the north and north-west portions of the colony for an artesian water supply. It is known that a large quantity of water is lost from the Murray River, and it is believed that it finds its way under these plains. There is artesian water on the South Australian border, and it is thought that it comes from the same source. The department has purchased a new drill of the American Club churn pat- tern, which has just been manufactured in the colony, and it has been despatched to Lake Buloke, near Donald, where boring operations are to be commenced. A series of bores is to be put down on lines fixed after careful examination of the country. The work is regarded as a national one, and the department will not allow itself to be in- fluenced by local considerations in the conduct of the boring operations. The de- partment is sanguine that there is a large supply of artesian water in the arid plains, and if it can be developed it will be of great value to the settlers on the land, and to the colony. A meeting of the Church of England Cathedral Chapter is to be held on the 5th inst. to further arrange details of the pro- gramme for the installation of Dr. Goe as Bishop of Melbourne. As already stated, the bishop is expected to arrive by the Shannon on Saturday, the 9th inst., and it is arranged that the installation will take place in St. James's Cathedral on the following Thurs- day, the 14th inst. Following that cere- mony, addresses are to be presented the same afternoon in the upper hall of the Athenæum, where any members of the Church of Eng- land may be present, after which the bishop will be entertained at luncheon. On the fol- lowing morning, the 15th, Holy Communion will be celebrated at St. James's Cathedral, and in the evening the public meeting of wel- come will be held in the Town-hall. This is the order in which the various events con- nected with the reception of the new bishop are to occur, unless something at present altogether unforeseen should happen. The Minister of Justice received on Satur- day last a communication from the Prahran bench of magistrates, who sought to ascer- tain whether the reported utterances of the Chief Justice in the case of The Queen v. Evans, ex parte Dean, with regard to their liability for mistakes made by clerks of petty sessions when drawing up orders of the court under the Imprisonment for Debt Statute, were correct. Mr. Cuthbert has framed a reply, suggesting that the inquirers should peruse the authorised reports which are furnished to the different benches of magistrates, which will enable them to determine the point for themselves. The judgment, as given in the Australian Law Times, states that the Chief Justice held " that the order to quash the orders of the justices must be made absolute, on the ground that the minutes of the orders of the justices did not disclose that the debtor had committed any offence. It had been repeatedly decided by the Court that the mere neglect or inability to pay a debt did not constitute an offence by the debtor under the so-called Imprisonment for Debt Statute. There must be a specific allegation against the debtor of some one of the offences mentioned in the statute ; the justices must take evidence in regard to the offence charged, and must decide as a matter of fact on the evidence before them. And the minute of the order made by them must be drawn up so as to show on what grounds they had given their decision. It was the duty of the justices to see that the clerk of their court drew up the minutes of their decisions properly. For the future the Supreme Court would hold the justices responsible for seeing that the minutes of orders were drawn up properly, and if the justices were brought before the Court it would possibly make them pay the costs that might be incurred by their neglect." A supplementary mail for the Orient R.M.S. Ormuz will be made up at the General Post-office on April 2, to be conveyed to Ade- laide by the steamer South Australian, which will leave Melbourne for South Australia late on that day. Registered letters and newspapers will be received at the General Post-office until 4 p.m., and ordinary letters and packets until 4.30 p.m. A late fee of 3d. will have to be paid on all letters and packets included in the mail. Very strong feeling is being expressed by those interested in the annual Eight Hours Demonstration with regard to the reluctance of the civic authorities to permit of their procession passing through the principal streets of Melbourne. The authorities, how- ever, hold that, in view of the great traffic on the tramways and of the fact that in seve- ral of the streets cable tramways are in course of being made, some restriction on street processions is urgently required. A great deal of correspondence has passed between them and various persons and bodies on the matter. Early in December last the Fire Brigades' Association applied to the Mayor, as usual, for permission to hold a torch- light procession. The letter was referred to the chief commissioner of police, and he wrote in reply that any processions held in streets traversed by trams would be ex- tremely dangerous, and consequently the fire brigades' procession was only allowed to take place on condition that the usual route should be altered. Then came requests from the Hibernian and St. Patrick's societies, and as the representatives of these bodies who waited on the Mayor were very impor- tunate he referred them to the chief com- missioner of police. Mr. Chomley wrote again to the Mayor, and said that he could not alter nor withdraw the objections which he had already advanced against the holding of processions, but that if the Mayor, who was vested with the sole power to grant leave for processions, exer- cised his prerogative in favour of the application the police would do their best to preserve order. Leave was subsequently given, and the procession was held. But the number of persons composing it, and of those who followed, bore no comparison to the immense number of those who usually take part in the Eight Hours Demonstration. Efforts are being made to come to some settle- ment as to a route for the trades procession, which should take place on April 21, but nothing definite has been done. The Mayor has, however, consulted the legal members of the City Council, and has devised a scheme which he expects will be satisfactory to the trades, whilst paying due heed to the recommendations of the chief commis- sioner of police. He will communicate with the Eight Hours Demonstration Committee forthwith. It was pointed out to the deputation from the Eight Hours An- niversary Committee which waited on the Mayor that so far from his being inimical to to their holding a procession, he would be pleased to see it, and specially pleased to know that they would assemble again at no distant date to congratulate Her Majesty at having attained the jubilee year of her reign, but at the same time he must regard the warnings of the police. The next meeting of the Royal Commis- sion on Vegetable Products will be held in the board room of the Lands office on Tues- day forenoon, when it is expected that fur- ther evidence will be given regarding the timber question by Mr. Simon Fraser, M.L.C., and Mr. J. H. Wheeler and Mr. James Shackell, M.L.A.'s On Wednesday the com- mission will proceed by the express train in the afternoon to Chiltern, whence they will drive through the Rutherglen district, and visit the various vineyards, the proprietors of which have signified a desire to tender evidence of a practical character. They will return to town at the end of the week, and on Mon- day and Tuesday will inspect the forests at Macedon and You Yangs. At subsequent meetings of the commisssion it is intended to examine various officers of the Railway department regarding the timber used in rail- way works, and several timber merchants and sawmill owners. A group meeting of representatives of metropolitan cities, towns, and boroughs in connection with the Municipal Association of Victoria was held, under the auspices of the Municipal Association of Victoria, at the Town-hall yesterday. Councillor Britten presided. The business paper was the same as that dealt with by the shires' group of representatives which was held on the previous day, and, with one or two exceptions, the results arrived at were the same as those published in The Argus of yesterday. The first exception was the re- jection by yesterday's meeting of the recom mendation of the Shire of Benalla in favour of the amendment of section 60 of the Local Government Act 1874, to make provision for holding an election to fill a vacancy occurring through the resignation of a councillor who was himself elected to fill an extraordinary vacancy. The propo- sition to allow all surveyors who have been 10 years in office to continue to hold their positions without passing the examination of a civil engineer was agreed to so far as shire engineers only are concerned. The motion of the Borough of Footscray that the pro- posed Amending Health Act should simplify the machinery for compelling owners of pro- perty to contribute to the cost of forming rights of way was agreed to. The suggestion that saw-mill owners should be specially taxed to maintain roads which their heavy teams are alleged to cut up, was rejected, as also was the recommendation that the valua- tion clause in the Local Government Act 1874 be amended so that it could be optional to assess the value of frontages irrespective of improvements. A few weeks ago, an attempt was made to obstruct a train at the Glenorchy railway sta- tion by placing two pieces of quartering on the line. The police made full inquiries into the occurrence, but failed to discover the perpetrator, although the curious circum- stance was elicited that a person whose name had been associated with three former attempts to obstruct trains was stationed in the neighbourhood. On Wednesday even- ing the offence was repeated at the same place. The chief commissioner of police received a telegram stating that at 8.35 p.m. on Wednesday evening the train from Stawell ran over a long piece of quartering, which was laid across the line at the end of the Glenorchy station, near where the previous obstruction was put. Sergeant Potter was at once despatched from Stawell to assist the local police in their inquiries, and they have dis- covered tracks which they think are those of the person who committed the offence. The black trackers stationed at Dandenong have been sent for, and it is hoped that with their assistance a clue will be obtained to the perpetrators of the outrage. Mr. Staughton, M.L.A., yesterday intro- duced a deputation of the residents of Tulla- marine to the Postmaster-General, who asked that in future the mails for the township should be conveyed direct from Essendon instead of via Broadmeadows station. Mr. Derham promised to give the request con- sideration. The Post-office department have made ar- rangements with the Gippsland Lakes Steam Navigation Company to carry a mail three times per week, viz., on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, between Sale and the Lakes Entrance. A very numerous company assembled at Scott's Hotel yesterday afternoon in connec- tion with the offer to public competition of the Smeaton and Glendonald Estates, the property of the late Captain Hepburn. The former estate contains 23,342 acres of agricul- tural and pastoral land, on which are several gold mines under lease from the trustees, viz., the Hepburn Rocky Lead, the Hepburn Estate, the Hepburn No. 1, the Lady Hep- burn, the Hepburn No. 2 and 3, and the Cap- tain Hepburn, and several farm and residen- tial buildings, there being in all about 70 tenants. The Glendonald Estate contains 2,743 acres, on which are several improve- ments, besides the mining claims leased to the Australasian Extended GoId mining Com- pany, and the Australasian Consols Gold- mining Company. The auctioneers were Messrs. King and Company, in con- junction with Messrs. Hepburn, Dowling, and Crawford. Bids of so much per acre were asked. The first lot, the Smeaton Estate, was started at £8 per acre, and went up to £9 5s., after which it was announced that the trustees could not let the property go at any- thing like that price. The lot was therefore withdrawn from further competition. No reserve was declared. Lot 2, the Glendonald Estate shared the same fate. It was started at £6 per acre, and the biddings only went up to £6 10s., whereupon the property was passed in. The auctioneer stated that there would be no attempt made to get the estates off by private treaty subsequently, and he expressed the belief that investors had missed a splendid opportunity. There is now a prospect of a system of classification being carried out in the gaols of the colony. The object of the erection of the new female penitentiary at Pentridge is to provide better accommodation for female prisoners, and to enable them to be classified as suggested by the chief inspector of penal establishments. The penitentiary will ad- join the old C division, which was formerly used as a boy's reformatory. It will contain 200 separate cells, and when it is completed the female prisoners from the Melbourne Gaol will be moved into it and will be classified. The present girls' reformatory will be placed under the control of Mr. Brett, and will be used for the accommodation of female prisoners convicted for the first time, when they will be subjected to a form of discipline and management totally different from that which they now experience in the Melbourne Gaol. The Melbourne Gaol will remain as it is at present for both male and female prisoners committed for trial, on remand, appeal, fines, and short sentences. The evils that attend the admixture of female prisoners are not greater than the evils that arise from the association of young with old offenders. A youth, convicted for the first time, is often not reformed but demoralised by his incarceration, as he is brought into contact with old and experienced criminals, by whom he is contaminated. To avoid this, it is proposed to devote the Castlemaine Gaol exclusively to youthful offenders. Tenders for the alteration of the gaol were accepted yesterday, and as soon as this work shall have been completed, the 50 or 60 youths in the Melbourne Gaol will be removed to this establishment, where they will be subjected to a special discip- line, with a view to their reformation. The municipal council of Castlemaine have been in the habit of employing about 20 men from the gaol. The youths will be offered this work as a reward for good behaviour, and work will be provided for them in the gaol. These changes were regarded as of great im- portance. The gaols are now largely a breeding ground of criminals. First offenders learn the vices of the criminal class, and when they gain their liberty practise them. It is hoped that by the adoption of the sys- tem of classification these evils will be avoided. Several years ago a large sum of money was expended by the Government in the erection of state schools in Melbourne and the suburbs, and what was believed to be an adequate provision having been made it was assumed that in the future the Government would only have to provide for the natural increase of the population. There has, how- ever, been an abnormal increase of the popu- lation, and the result is that almost every school in Melbourne and the suburbs is now overcrowded. The Minister of Education is under the impression that people are migrating from the country districts to the city, and he states that all the metropolitan schools are full to overflowing, with the exception of one, which is near the cemetery at Carlton. Mr. Pearson thinks that if the Amending Education Bill is passed it will relieve the pressure, as it provides that children shall not be allowed to enter school under four years of age, and that they shall be permitted to leave school at 13 years of age. Parliament will, however, be asked to vote a large sum of money for the enlargement and erection of schools this year. Sir William Clarke was last evening in- stalled as Grand Superintendent of Royal Arch Masons for the District of Victoria. The officiating principal was M.E. Com- panion F. Richardson, Grand Director of Ceremonies of the Supreme Grand Chapter of England now on a visit to the colonies, who had been commissioned by H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, head of the order, to per- form the ceremony. At the meeting of the Brunswick Borough Council on Wednesday evening, a circular communication was received from the Premier respecting the movement for the establishment of an Imperial Institute, as a memorial of the jubilee year of the reign of the Queen, and asking the assistance and in- fluence of the council. The mayor consi- dered that the proposal for the establishment of the institute was more entitled to consideration than any other scheme that had been placed before the public for the commemoration of the jubilee. A circular was also received from the town clerk, Mel- bourne, with reference to the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee, which led to a long discussion. Councillor George was opposed to money being taken from the Borough Funds. Councillor Methven contended that the jubilee matter was becoming too much of a farce ; he would object to a single penny being spent for a statue from the council's funds. Upon the motion of Councillor King the following resolution was carried :—" That this council approve of a statue for Her Majesty, the money for which to be obtained by private subscription." Three new cases of typhold fever were re- ported to the Central Board of Health yes- terday. The cases came from Benalla, Ararat, and Warrnambool respectively ; and those from the two former townships were fatal. The Essendon Borough Council met last night and opened tenders from banks or persons desirous of advancing the whole or any portion of the sum of £20,000, for which 200 debentures of £100 each, bearing interest at the rate of £5 per centum per annum, and payable on the 31st day of December, 1916, were issued. The National Bank of Austra- lasia tendered for the whole sum at £100 1s. 3d. per debenture. Another tender for the full amount was received at £98 and one tenderer asked for a small parcel at £102 2s. The council decided to accept the tender of the National Bank, and also to transfer to that institution the borough account, which has hitherto been lodged with the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. A vote of thanks was tendered to the town clerk, Mr. E. Dangerfield, for his exertions in connection with the loan. The Middle-park railway station, near St. Kilda, was broken into for a second time on Wednesday night. An attempt was made to wrench open the iron safe, in which a small amount of money and a number of tickets were kept, but although several of the fixtures of the safe were damaged, the burglars could not force the lock. The matter has been reported to the police, who are making the necessary inquiries. The Swedish Government has forwarded, through the Board of Trade, London, a reward of £2 to a seaman named Jacob Danielson, in recognition of services rendered to a ship wrecked crew. Danielson left the ship Poseidon at this port some time ago, but as his present whereabouts are not known, the money is now lying at the shipping office, Custom-house, Melbourne, where it may be obtained by him upon his personal appli- cation. A meeting of the trustees ot the Friendly Societies' Gardens was held at the Temper- ance-hall last night. Mr. R. B Patey pre- sided. A report was received from the chair- man as to the present system of check-taking and money-taking in operation at the gar- dens, and a committee was appointed to draw up a code of regulations in connection with them. It was decided to grant the use of the grounds to the metropolitan fire bri- gades on the 24th May, and to the St. Andrew's Society for the 9th November next. Mr. W. Burton was appointed trea- surer pro tem., and the meeting closed. At a parade of the Scotch College Cadet Corps, held yesterday forenoon, Colonel Brownrigg publicly presented the Sargood Trophy, won at the close of last year. The trophy, which consists of two handsome cups, was given two years ago by Mr. F. T. Sargood, M.L.C., then Minister of Defence, in order to encourage the cadet movement, and is open to competition for all the corps in the metropolitan district. The first competi- tion took place in 1885, when the trophy was won by Mr. Hadfield's state school, St. Kilda, the Scotch College coming second. Last year the positions were reversed, the Scotch College gaining first place. In making the presentation, Colonel Brownrigg stated that the competition had been very keen and close, and that in arriving at a decision he had been greatly influenced by the fact that the Scotch College Corps showed a uniformly excellent knowledge of drill all along the line. He congratulated the boys on their success, and reminded them that if they wished to retain their position as the smartest cadet corps in the colony they must devote themselves with continued energy and enthu- siam to mastering the various details of drill. The success of the corps in the past is acknowledged by them to be mainly due to the exertions of Sergeant-Major White- head, their drill instructor. The second annual conference of the State school Teachers' Union of Victoria is fixed to be held at Ballarat, on Friday and Saturday, April 8 and 9. Mr. Justice Webb stated in the Equity Court yesterday that he would hear probate applications next week on Wednesday instead of Thursday, and that he would sit on Thurs- day next only to deal with unopposed insol- vency applications. A dispute between two hairdressers was brought before Mr. Justice Holroyd in the Practice Court yesterday. In December, 1884, one Robert Arthur Peck, a hairdresser in Russell-street, sold his business to Richard Cox for a sum of £500. Peck made an agree- ment that he would not for five years, directly or indirectly, as principal, partner, or agent, engage in the business of a hairdresser within a mile from his shop in Russell-street, and he also covenanted that he would not, directly or indirectly, support any such business. The agreement was to continue for five years from the date of the sale of the business to Cox. A few weeks ago, however, Peck had entered into the employment of one Harry Masters, in the neighbourhood of Cox, and it was sought to have him restrained from continuing in that employment. Mr. Hodges appeared for the defendant Peck to oppose the application ; Mr. Forlonge appeared for the plaintiff. His Honour was of opinion that the defendant had supported Masters in the business of hairdressing in opposition to Cox, and he therefore granted the injunction asked against the defendant. The board of examiners for attorneys lately refused an application by Mr. Joseph Smithdowe Hobday, who applied for a certi- ficate so as to enable him to be admitted as an attorney, solicitor, and proctor of the Court. Mr. Hobday applied on the ground that he was a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Tasmania, and as such entitled under the rules of reciprocity between the colonies to be admitted here. The board of examiners re- fused to grant him a certificate, as they were not satisfied that he had been originally ad- mitted as an attorney in Tasmania. Against this decision Mr. Hobday appealed to the judges, and the appeal was heard on Wednesday by the judges, in the judges' conference-room. After the appeal had been heard, the Chief Justice gave the decison of the judges as follows :—" This is an appeal by Mr. Hobday from a deci- sion of the board of examiners, by which they declined to send in a report to the judges under rule 27, on the ground that they were not satisfied that he had been originally admitted in Tasmania as an attorney in Tas- mania. The board, it appears, in so deciding, acted upon an expression contained in the close of the judgment in re Gill, 11 V.L.R., p. 834. This observation was extra-judicial, and not necessary for the judgment, and if it were to be read as a limitation of the rule, it would be, we think, erroneous. We there- fore allow the appeal. Mr. Braham, solicitor, on Wednesday asked his Honour Judge Molesworth to fix a time for holding an examination into the affairs of the Mutual Live Stock, Financial and Agency Company. In doing so, Mr. Braham explained that His Honour Mr. Justice Webb had, on the application of Mr. Jacomb, the official liquidator in the estate of the company, which was now being wound up, ordered that Mr. F. Tunmer, the late manager for the directors of the company, namely, Messrs. James Mirams, T. Learmonth, W. Merry, A. D. Hunter, J. L. Dow, W. Manson, and Andrew White, should be examined as to the trade dealings and affairs of the company. His Honour appointed that the examination should be held during the first five days of the week, commencing on Monday, 16th May. An action was brought in the County Court yesterday, by William Cunningham, a tin- smith, of South Yarra, to recover £500 from Mr. and Mrs. Morris Jacobs, of Ascotvale, for injuries alleged to have been done to the plaintiff through the negligent driving of Mrs. Jacobs. The defence was that just before the accident occurred Mrs. Jacobs was driv- ing carefully in Bourke-street, the pace being not more than four or five miles an hour, when she suddenly observed the plaintiff a few yards in front of the buggy. She called out to him to induce him to get out of her way, but instead of doing so he apparently became confused, and got right in front of the horse, and was knocked down, being really the cause of the accident himself. The jury of four who heard the case returned a verdict for the defendant. James Scott, a solicitor, was summoned to the District Court, at which Mr. J. A. Panton, P.M., and a bench of magistrates pre- sided, on Wednesday, to answer a charge of having made use of insulting words towards James M'Dougall. The defendant did not appear. The plaintiff' had been proceeded against by Scott in the County Court, and M'Dougall stated that while the case was going on in the County Court Scott so exas- perated him that he made use of a remark to him for which the judge ordered him 48 hours' imprisonment. The plaintiff stated that Scott took every opportunity of insulting him, with the apparent object of provoking an assault, so that a case could be taken to court again. In the absence of the defendant the Bench ordered a fine of £2, with £2 costs. Lieutenant-colonel Freeman entertained a large party at Scott's Hotel on Wednesday night, in honour of Brigade-surgeon Fulton, who leaves for England on the 7th prox. In addition to the guest of the evening, Colonel Disney and Colonel Brownrigg, Major Fel- lowes, and Captain Sinclair, of the Imperial forces, were present, and the company in- cluded Colonels Hutton, Templeton, Irving, Caleb Anderson, Turner, and Majors Wardill, Bull, Goldstein, and Captain Ballenger. Sur- geon-major Robertson, Surgeons Ryan and Embling, and other members of the medical branch of the service were present, and amongst other citizens included in the guests were Mr. J. M. Bruce and Mr. James Thomson, secretary of the Victorian Commission at the Colonial and In- dian Exhibition. The chairman proposed Dr. Fulton's health in highly eulogistic terms. The toast was enthusiastically honoured, and in responding Dr. Fulton stated that he in- tended finding out all the latest information respecting his branch of the service, and con- cluded by heartily thanking the chairman and those present for the great compliment paid him. The chairman's health was proposed by Colonel Templeton, and the rest of the evening was devoted to the business of an ordinary mess dinner. The Victorian Football Association held a meeting on Wednesday night, but no matters of an important nature were considered. Last year the contributions of the different clubs to the charities, being a percentage of the gate money for matches taken during the preced- ing season, was £150. As yet cheques have been received from two clubs only, South Melbourne making a creditable start with the sum of £31 13s. 2d., the largest ever received from one club. The Essendon Club have forwarded a cheque for £18 10s. 6d. In view of the fact that two intercolonial matches will be played next season it was decided to obtain a set of uniforms for the Victorian twenty, instead of, as last year, obtaining the use of the Footscray Club colours, which are similar to those adopted some years ago as the Vic- torian football colours, viz., red, white and blue. The employés of Messrs. R. Harper and Co.'s coffee and spice mills presented Mr. R. Harper, M.L.A., yesterday with two large frames, containing their photographs, and hearing the words—" Presented to Mr. Robt. Harper by the employés of the firm at Mel- bourne and Brisbane as a token of their esteem and good wishes on the occasion of his departure on a visit to Europe." The employés assembled after work, and were presided over by Mr. J. H. Brodie, mill manager. The presentation was made by Mr. P. J. Brownell, the accountant, and bon voyage was wished by all present to Mr. Harper, who leaves to-day by the Ormuz. The various amateur dramatic clubs of Melbourne and the suburbs have decided to give a public entertainment in aid of the Hoskins Benefit Fund. A meeting of repre- sentatives of the clubs was held at the Tem- perance-hall, last evening, for the purpose of making the preliminary arrangements. Twelve clubs were represented, namely, the Hoskins, Richmond Catholic, Richmond Dramatic, Richmond Comedy, Farvey Variety Company, Prahran Dramatic, Williamstown, Essendon, Albert, Roscians, Coppin, and Mascotte Clubs. Mr. W. Denyer was voted to the chair. It was unanimously resolved that the performance should be given on the afternoon of Saturday, the 7th May next, at the Bijou Theatre, which has been kindly lent for the occasion by Messrs. Majeroni and Wilson. The programme will comprise two pieces, a comedy and a farce, which are to be selected by a committee comprising the stage managers of the different clubs. Mr. T. Stiffe and Mr. J. W. Dickinson were ap- pointed joint secretaries, and Mr. W. E. Clarke was chosen as treasurer. A meeting is called by Mr. Julius Herz for this afternoon, in No. 10 room, Town-hall (kindly lent for the purpose by the Mayor of Melbourne), to take place at half-past 4 p.m., for the purpose of organising some suitable recognition of the talent of the accomplished young musical artists, the Joran Sisters, before their final departure from Austral- asia. At Her Majesty's Opera-house, the comedy " Vice Versa " and the burlesque " The Forty Thieves " will be performed for the last time to-night, and on the following day the bur- lesque company will sail for Adelaide. On Saturday night the comedy " The Pick- pocket " will be performed for the first time, with a cast including Mr. F. H. Laye, who will make his first appearance, Miss Florence Trevelyan, and Mr. H. R. Harwood. We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement appearing this morning with regard to the Bijou Theatre, and a novel mode of securing free admissions. Messrs. Wilson and Antony announce that they will open at St. George's hall on Satur- day evening, with a programme entitled " The Ghost Entertainment." We are desired by Sir Arthur Nicolson to acknowledge the sum of £50 from the Hon. M. H. Davies as a donation to the St. Kilda stall in connection with the bazaar which is being organised for the purpose of raising funds for the purchase of the house and grounds which are at present leased as a con- valescent home for women at Oakleigh. Lady Stawell desires to acknowledge the receipt of the following donations to the fund for distressed Irish ladies :—Dr. Wilson, £2 2s.; M. L. Shaw, £1 0s 6d.; "A Friend," 5s. We have received Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall's quarterly diary, April to June. We have received from Messrs. Stillwell and Co. Bradshaw's Guide to Victoria, with railway map for April. In this month's issue a quantity of new information is given. The Grand United Order of Free Gardeners will hold a plain and fancy dress ball in the Exhibition-building this evening. It is announced by advertisement that the departure of the s..s Investigator, for Sydney, has been unavoidably postponed until further notice. The meeting about a charity organisation society is to be held at the Town- hall at 4 o'clock on Wednesday next, not on Thursday, as mentioned in Professor Morris's letter in The Argus of yesterday. A retreat for Catholic gentlemen in con- nection with the Sodality of the B.V.M. at St. Patrick's College will commence this evening, at 8 o'clock, in the archbishop's private chapel attached to the college. The very Rev. Dr. Buckeridge, S.J., will conduct the exercises. An organ recital and service of song are advertised to take place this evening in St. George's Presbyterian Church, East St. Kilda. The choir will be under the con- ductorship of Mr. Julius Herz. Mr. M'Coffrey, the late head teacher of St. Patrick's school, was yesterday afternoon the recipient of an address, accompanied with a gold locket and chain, presented to him by the pupils and teachers on the occasion of his retiring from the school. The Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, in making the presentation, spoke in the highest terms of Mr. M'Coffrey. 