SCIENCE NOTES. In the last "Notes" mention was made of the commencement of a very large tunnel in America. We have now re- ceived intelligence of the opening for passenger-train service of an almost equally large tunnel in England. The Severn tunnel, which is described as the most difficult work of such a kind ever attempted, was begun in March, 1873, and finished towards the close of last year. The top of the tunnel, which is 4¼ miles long and has cost over £2,000,000, is about 145 feet under the level of high water at spring tide, and about 50 feet under the bed of the river at the deepest point. The tunnel is well ventilated, and has been lined with vitrified bricks set in cement,, as many as 75,000,000 bricks having been used solely for this work. Mr. D. McAlpine, F.C.S., lately read a paper before the Victorian Field Naturalists' Club, on "The dry preserva- tion of flowers, fungi, and the like in their natural shapes and colors." We take the following hints therefrom with regard to flowers. Three things are need- ful namely, that the flower should be dried by heat, that the shape should be preserved by imbedding the specimen in an absorbent of moisture, and that the plant should be rendered impervious to damp by coating it with dammar or some such varnish, and stiffening at the same time. As the result of many experiments Mr. McAlpine has found that plaster of paris warmed to about 90° or 100° F. either artificially or by the rays of the sun, answers the first two purposes. The fresh plants should be imbedded in the plaster, which should be carefully shaken down on the speci- mens. Small plants are preserved in less than 12 hours; large species take longer in proportion to the amount of moisture in their tissues. When taken out of the plaster the plants are usually very dirty, and if left in it too long are rather brittle, but on being laid aside in the air for a short time they will relax. They should then be brushed with a camel's hair pencil, and gum dammar dis- solved in petroleum, kerosine, or benzole should be applied with a brush in order to render the specimens impervious to damp. The above is what is known as Mr. English's method. In the case of white flowers the petals need not be varnished, as it darkens the color. To preserve the shape and color of orchids they should be placed in warm paper and changed fre- quently in order to preserve the color by rapidity of drying. In her latest work "In the Trades, the Tropics, and the Roaring Forties," Lady Brassey has much to say about the natural history of the West Indies and neighbor- ing islands. Trinidad, it would seem, is especially famed for the number and peculiarities of its ants, of which there are at least 20 native species. The three most notable sorts are known respectively as the "parasol," the "crazy," and the "hunter" ant. Lady Brassey gives the following account of her first encounter with some "parasol'' ants:—"On our way down the hill to the shore we came across a procession of parasol ants, curious little insects of which 1 had often read, but which I had never seen before. One string of them was proceeding steadily along the steep road towards the pome- granate and peach trees, while another stream was returning in the oppo- site direction. Arrived at the trees, each ant bit off a portion of one of the leaves and then turned round and marched back again, carrying his burden over his head as if it were in reality a shelter from the sun instead of a part of his own building materials that he was carrying off." The "crazy ant" is thus described in the book mentioned— "He always seems to be in a violent hurry, and yet to be unable to make up his mind which way he wants to go, moving forwards, backwards, and side- wards in the most purposeless and insane manner. M. de Verteuil remarks that they are particularly fond of syrup and sugar, but says that they are also car- nivorous. ' Nothing is more amusing,' he says, 'than to observe thousands of them carrying along large cockroaches, worms, or other dead insects. If they encounter a crawling worm immediate notice is circu- lated among the tribe, and in a short time hundreds of them march to the attack, their huge adversary rolls and contracts in self-defence, but, although tossed about, the ants hold fast; fresh recruits come to the rescue, and, after a struggle of more than half an hour the giant is subdued and earned to the nest, part of the host pulling forwards, and part raising up, so as to lighten the draught. Once arrived at the entrance of the nest, which is generally small, and cannot admit the booty, the ants cut their prey into small pieces, which they carry down, one only or a dozen or more taking charge of each piece according to the size.' The crazy ants neither bite nor sting. The "hunter-ant" would, however, seem to be the most formidable of all the ants found in Trinidad. Numbers of this species go about in armies or tribes, arranged in the most regular and systematic manner, and, according to Lady Brassey, kill every living thing which happens to be in the line of march, such as young birds, scor- pions, crickets, cockroaches, and other small creatures. Sometimes they even enter houses, where they destroy rats, mice, and other vermin. They must be wonderfully intelligent creatures, to judge from some of their proceedings. For in- stance, when, in the course of one of their forays, they come to a rivulet which they wish to cross, they contrive to form a sort of suspension- bridge, composed of their own bodies, over which the remainder of the army passes. A correspondent of Chambers's Journal has lately favored that magazine with an anecdote illustrative of the terrible conse- quences of provoking bees. The purport of the story is that a man fired his rifle at one of the many bees' nests which are to be found in the famous marble rocks of Jubbulpore, which form the gorge through which the river Nerbudda flows. The re- sult of the shot was that he who fired it was stung to death by the enraged insects. Although the correspondent mentioned quotes the story from memory, he states it as his belief that the incident is related in Forsyth's work, "The Highlands of Central India." Strangely enough an account of a similar fatality said to have occurred in the same place, though under slightly different circumstances, is given by Mr. P. H. Gosse, F.R. S., in his book, "The Romance of NaturalHistory." Mr. Gosse's authority is the Times of January 28, 1859, which tells the story in the following fashion:—"Two European gentlemen belonging to the Indian Rail- way Company, namely, Messrs. Arm- strong and Boddington, were surveying a place called Bunder Coode, for the pur- pose of throwing a bridge across the Nerbudda, the channel of which, being in this place from 10 to 50 yards wide, is fathomless, having white marble rocks rising perpendicularly on either side from 100 to 150 feet high, and beetling fearfully in some parts. Suspended in the recesses of these marble rocks are numerous large hornets' nests, the inmates of which are ready to descend upon any unlucky wight who may venture to disturb their repose. Now, as the boats of these European surveyors were passing up the river a cloud of these insects overwhelmed them; the boatmen as well as the two gentlemen jumped overboard; but, alas, Mr. Boddington, who swam and had succeeded in clinging to a marble block, was again attacked, and being unable any longer to resist the assaults of the countless hordes of his in furiated winged foes threw himself into the depths of the water, never to rise again. On the fourth day his corpse was discovered floating on the water, and was interred with every mark of respect. The other gentle- man, Mr. Armstrong, and his boatmen, although very severely stung, are out of danger." With respect to this story, Mr. Gosse says—"I have the pleasure of being acquainted with some of the mem- bers of the family of Mr. Armstrong, who have assured me that the insects were not hornets, as represented, but honey-bees; it may not be the hive-bee domesticated with us, but a species well known for making honey." In the December number of Cham- bers's Magazine the following remarks with reference to a recently invented and probably very useful preparation of caout- chouc appear:—"Woodite, a newly in- vented preparation of caoutchouc—so called from the name of its inventor—is attracting considerable attention at the present time. In woodite are united the useful elastic properties of indiarubber together with the advantages of immunity from injury by fire or salt water. The specific gravity of woodite is only one- tenth that of iron or steel, whilst the cost of the new material, as compared with these metals, is estimated to be as three to seven, or rather less than one-half. Such facts fully explain the importance attached to the proposition how being made to utilise woodite as a protection either internal or external, as regards the vessel's skin—to men-of-war and torpedo boats. Experiments recently made to ascertain the behavior of woodite under fire were as satisfactory as conclusive, and established the interesting fact that the caoutchouc closed up again so thoroughly and instantaneously after the passage of the shot that no leakage resulted, though the vessel was pierced below water-line. The value of a material possessed of such qualities for naval purposes cannot be over- estimated, whilst in a variety of other ways woodite appears likely to play a not unimportant part in the near future. In the construc- tion of lifeboats a material so buoyant and indestructible cannot fail to be of service, whilst for lining quay-walls, harbor entrances, piers, landing-stages, and the numberless cases where it is desirable to moderate the force of impact woodite should be found of the greatest value. In the case of a collision at sea, a vessel fortified internally or externally with woodite would be more likely to remain afloat than, all things being equal, one not similarly protected." The great red spot in Jupiter has been regarded with much interest by astrono- mers during the past few years. Despite much labor on the part of observers very little is really known about the spot. What has been ascertained with regard thereto is contained in the follow- ing remarks by Professor Young, published in a recent number of the Glasgow Weekly Herald:—"The great red spot, which for eight years now has been the object of so much interest, is an oval of about 30,000 miles in length and 9,300 in width. It was first noticed in 1878 by several indepen- dent observers. Its genesis was not seen, but it was fully formed when first per- ceived, and probably originated a few months earlier, when the planet was near the sun and out of reach of observation. It is situated at about 30° south latitude, and owes its name to the strong brick red or maroon color which characterised it during its earlier years. In its youth the red spot was somewhat irregular in its behavior, putting out prongs and processes here and there, and apparently crawling about a little on the planet's surface. At first the belts seemed to stand in no relation to the spot; in fact, in 1879-80 the usual south equatorial belt was either wholly wanting or very faint. But in 1882 this belt came out again strong and clear, and pushed its southern edge out to and past the spot, but without touching or distorting it in any way. A notch was formed in the edge of the belt, leaving a clear, bright channel two or three seconds wide between the belt and spot, as if there were some mutual repulsion between them, the two being nearly of the same color, and apparently (but not, by any means certainly) of the same constitution and material. The less conspicuous belt south of the spot has not shown the same aversion to it; but in 1885, and again last spring, extended its filaments at times, so as to cover apparently about one-third of the width of the spot. I say apparently, because no one really knows which was uppermost. It is natural to suppose that the red spot, which has shown such a degree of permanence and stability, is lower down than the cloudy forms which make up the belts; and such is the general, though not universal, opinion among astronomers. But as to the real nature of the spot, we have no satisfactory ex- planation, and speculation is baffled. A continent emerging, a floating island on an ocean, lava poured out over a region ex- ceeding the earth's whole area, smoke and steam from some long-continued eruption, such are some of the different hypotheses that have been suggested. But the low density of the planet (low in spite of its enormous mass) almost forces us to think of it as only a cloud formation of some kind. How long the spot will continue visible no one can tell; in 1882 it began to fade, and faded still more in 1883 and 1884\. In 1885 it seemed to be on the verge of extinction; the central portion had either lost all its color, or was veiled by a whitish cloud ; so that, though un- diminished in size, it was only a narrow, pinkish ring—a mere skeleton-ghost of its former self. Last spring, however, the veiling cloud was gone, and the spot was rather more distinct—certainly as easy to see as in 1884." 