fMimor. BUI Nye's Budge/, BOILS. I am just having a highly humorous expe rience with boils.. To others this announce ment will come with no element of sadness, perhaps, but to me it brings a thrill of thu keenest and most poignant anguish. A man might go all orer a whole country and not find anything more poignant than these boils seem to me. There are ee ven of these little blossoms, and they hang in a ripe cluster on the back of my neck, about two inchcs below what the phre nologists call love of home. L had: never brought out a boil until last week, though I have led a very chequered life, but one morning I awoke to find myself the parent of seven cunning little red-headed boils about the size of a pumpkin-seed. They are small, but, oh, how restless they are, and how "they struggle with each other for supremacy I People who live here say that these boils ure a result of the climate. The air here is especially calculated to bring out anything in the line of latent humor. A man who had been running a humorous weekly paper in the far West came here and in two weeks he broke out so that bis friends bad to do him up in a poultice seven feet long. I am not doing much for these boils, be causa I want to teach them to be self- reliant and depend upon- themselves. One of them was a puny little thing at first, and I felt sorry for it when my friends told me about it, I cannot see thest boils, of course, as they are not in the dirdct line of vision, being on the back of my neck. So I get a friend— ono I can trust—and I let bim come and tell me how they ate doing froth time to time. This little boil at first did not bid fair to hold out more than a day or two, but yester , day it began to throw aside its lethargy and to realize that life is real. It is fully abreast of the others now, and has a largo and very active crater on it. For three days I put various things on these boils; among others soap, sugar, the white of an egg, flaxseed, bread and milk, bread and molasses, ctc., etc., etc. There were other things recommended, but as the boils were all in a cluster I had to try one thing at a time. With seven boils well dis tributed I might have tried several remedies at once, but I did the best I could. In three days I have rendered four pound's worth of groceries entirely useless to the consumer. Boils visit the rich and poor alike, the humble and the exalted. They are not a mark of greatness, for boils frequently come to the obscure and the unknown. They do not come with the seeking, and.they are not to be obtained by study or effort. Boils fall to the lot of many whoso lives would other* wise be void of incident. To such they are indeed a great benisonv or may be used as Buch. How many people do we, know who have .naught else to show us in the way of progress, but a kind Providence has bestowed a boil upon them now and then, which they can exhibit as an evidence that they are not remaining absolutely stagnant 1 \- The felon also is a queer article, , the use fulness of whicli has not been th'oroughlyimade clear to my mind. • There are ninety-eight different things that arc good for a felon, each Pf which will make it acho first-rate, and that seems to be the principal object both with felons and boils. Some cut the linger open in treating a-felop, and scrape' the bone with a corncob or a wood rasp. About the only way to cure a felon is to seriously injure the finger and then cure tho injury. Printer Joe.—"Printer Joe," said , the conductor, was n hard one'to stand off; and woe known among railroad men all over tho country; • I don't believe .that fellow would pay his fare from one station to the, next if he had a fortune in bis pocket. It's against hiB principles." ' ■■'■■■ . An interestedilot of listenors had now feath ered around, and a desire to hear, more of the famous Joe, having been expressed, the con ductor went on as follows " WeTl, among the thing which I remem ber of him was the way ho beat me when I was running a Baltimore and Ohio train.into Cincinnati a few years back. It was an ac comodation train—that is, not- one of the fastest—and stopping pretty often. The ex Fress on that line was fast in those days, and guess it is still. Well, one day I found Joe aboard. He was riding in the car next to tho baggage. I tew him at once, but didn't appear to recogriiz6.him, although I knew him all the same. So I said to him,— ««Ticket.' . He looked at me in. a rather amused way and pretended to pay no attention to me. But I insisted upon the tibket, whereupon he took me aside and Bald :— . • " My friend, I observe that you are a are new man on the line and don't know me. I am Director , of the Baltimore and Ohio, and, of course, have free transportation over ,tbe road!' ■ •_: ■ " I was vexed and told him I understood his game, and that if he did flot get off at tbe next station he,would have reason to re pent. He readily promised ■ to get off, and kept his word, for I saw him walking away from the train. I was glad to be rid of him so easily,Jand you may imagirib my chargrin when I came upon him again as I went tblrdugh the train./ I said nothing this time, 'bit when'we came tb the riekt station 1 put i Mr. Joe.oft in a way which wa3 much more 'forcible thlan politd. 1 It was of no use. At every station I had to, go. through the samo process, and oncb I g'toppcdbelweea stations, although we ,were behind, time,' and threw him'out of the smoking oor. We pulled out as fast as possiblo, but ha caught, on to tho last platform, and at tho ne*tstop he stepped off looking as well pleased as if he hod' been riding on a Pullman.' I.Vas so mad when I saw him that I swore he should go, no farther, and when we were ready to start I took him by ilie coll^r, trirt>^ bfm, andljeld him down till the train had b tat ted., 11 then ran and caught the last cat. I was triumph ant, and from the rear platform sh.ook my fist at him as he stood disconsolate two hun dred yards behind us. v . • '■ «I saw no more of Jo© until wo got to Cincinnati. I was standing by,the train as the passengers were getting off when I felt myself touched on the arm. Tutttitag around I saw Printer-Joe! He,said coolly "4 Captain, I've got a match; if you will lend mo a clear I'll smoke.' . . " I was outdone, and not only gave him the cigar but said that I would give him his droner if he would tell me howlie had man aged it. He agreed,- and in a neighboring restaurant he ciplained that he had caiitrht •the express and got in ahead of my. train.1 ■ ( Criticism as is Oritici8m.-Col.« Pat Donan doesn't like the play of Hamlet. Hear the eloquent adjectiveslifiger: I bavo no patience, much less sympathy, with a wretched weakling. who goes around jabber ing at dllapitated old ghosts in tin helmets and green gaure veils,under boguB moonlightj everlastingly threateningtodosoinething, and never doing it; driving his sweetheart to lu nacy and a catfish death, by hid dime-museum freaks; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers; going into all sorts of he-hys terics •, and at last, running a section of bar bed wire fence, in the most approved Chica go'pig-sticking style, through his dead girls brother, and dying himself, to slow fiddle music, amid a general carnage of lunatics ami wreck of absurdities." 