The Love Story of a Senior Op. BY THE AUTHOR OF 'CROWNED WITH GOOD.' [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] CHAPTER I. 'Hallo ! here comes the Differential Calculus again.' This remark was made by one of three boys perched in a row upon a gate, and the subject of It appeared to be a slim young man in a light summer suit, who was advancing leisurely towards the trio along the hot and dusty road. At any rate no other living being was at that moment in sight. As he approached nearer it might be seen that this young gentleman wore spectacles, and was of a pallid countenance. ' Let's tie a cracker to his coat-tail !' exclaimed the left-hand boy, preparing to dismount from his elevated position. ' No ; pepper his pocket-handkerchief—he's always blowing his nose !' This brilliant sug- gestion came from the middle boy, and appeared to meet with general approval. The three got down, and proceeded to greet the new-comer with smiles of welcome. ' Well, boys ; not at school to-day ?' said the gentleman with an exhausted air. ' Why, yes. Mr. Starland ; it's nearly 4 o'clock, and we've just got back. Isn't it a hot day? Have—er—have you come all the way from Melbourne by the road ? Dear me ! how tired you must be ! Jack, run on before and tell Polly, and she'll get some tea. Try and get some cake, too. I shall be dead by dinner-time if I don't have something to sustain me.' There was a slight crowding during these remarks, while the party was entering the gate. Jack appeared to find some difficulty in opening it wide enough. Meantime Mr. Starland's fine white cambric handkerchief left his pocket without his volition or knowledge, and imme- diately afterwards the youthful Jack sped away up the avenue to which the gate gave access, apparently to obey his brother's behest, and Mr. Starland and the remainder of his escort strolled in the same direction. This avenue, which was exquisitely kept, and bordered by fine shrubs, with here and there an English tree to vary the more sombre hue of Australian evergreens, led towards a flower- garden, glowing just now with innumerable colours, and forming a bright setting for the large stone house which rose in its midst. The house, with its cool fern-filled verandas, shaded by striped awnings, and its wide open doors disclosing the tessellated pavement and stained glass of a specious hall, looked prosperous and hospitable enough. Mr. Starland seemed to find it a welcome refuge from the heat which was certainly intense this afternoon, and sank upon a lounge in the veranda with a sigh of relief. ' Oh Lord !' said Bertie, inwardly agitated, ' he'll want his handkerchief. Why doesn't that fellow be quick ? Won't I give it him !' Mr. Starland's hand sought his pocket. Bertie scowled ferociously, but at this moment Jack re- turned from his errand, which seemed to have led him to the back of the house. He took in the situation at a glance, and deftly dropped the handkerchief he held behind his back just under the lounge, and flung himself with an air of in- difference upon the nearest chair. ' Dear me ! where's my handkerchief ?' said Mr. Starland after fumbling lazily for a moment. ' Is this it, sir ?' asked one of the boys, picking it up and handing it gingerly to the visitor. ' So it is ; thank you, Dick. Must have dropped it. You said your sister was at home ? Suppose I ought to ring ? Ah dear! this weather !' ' You needn't do that, sir ; Polly's coming.' And sure enough at this moment a charming vision of sky-blue nun's veiling, golden hair, and roses and lilies in the way of complexion, fluttered upon the scene. ' Ah! how do you do, Mr. Lascelles—Mr. Starland, is it you ? Why, Jack, you wretched boy !' Jack seemed powerfully affected. 'Never mind, Pauline. I'm awfully sorry you misunder- stood me ; but perhaps he'll come to-night. Don't fret.' The possibility that her manner had uninten- tionally betrayed some disappointment doubtless added a sting to the young lady's annoyance. ' Go into the house at once and tell mamma that Mr. Starland is here,' she said severely. Then, turning to the visitor with a ruffled smile, she endeavoured to efface the impression so un- fortuately made. ' I never knew such boys as they are,' she began. ' They ought to be sent right away to a boarding-school instead of being spoilt at home.' Mr. Starland suppressed a painful inclination to sneeze as he replied, ' They're rather full of animal spirits certainly—I wonder at it this weather. Miss Blake,' he continued jokingly, ' I am seriously thinking of going home again. I can't stand the flies and the hot winds and the dust, and'—— Pauline thought he was in earnest, and a look of distress clouded the pretty face for a moment. ' Oh, Mr. Starland ; but haven't you told me far worse things about English weather ? Here's mamma. Mamma dear, Mr. Starland says he is thinking of going to England.' A very stout lady with a red face emerged from the house at this juncture. There was sufficient resemblance between her and the pretty girl to prove the existing relationship, and the beholder, contemplating the budding charms of the daughter, was prone to feel a pang of regret at the possibilities in store for them as bodied forth in the too exuberant maturity of the elder lady. Mr. Starland, who was just recovering from a violent and unaccountable attack of sneezing, hastily rose from the chair he had taken after greeting Miss Blake, and advanced towards her mother with an air of modest deference, which, combined with his spectacles and generally studious aspect, would appear to have produced a favourable effect ; or perhaps the announce- ment of Mr. Starland's intended departure was not received with unqualified disappointment. At any rate the countenance of Miss Blake's mamma, which at first sight had borne an almost forbidding expression, was now wreathed in smiles, and she held out a fat bejewelled hand to the young man with great cordiality. ' Going to England ! Why, what next ?' she exclaimed. ' Got a cold, Mr. Starland ?' For Mr. Starland was sneering again. ' Well, to tell you the truth, Mrs. Geoffreys, I am rather tired of this awful climate, but—but' ——stammered Mr. Starland in the intervals of his convulsion, and glancing at Miss Pauline, who blushed rosily. ' Good gracious me! young man, and you with such a good connection here, and known at the university, and a wrangler, or whatever you call it'—— ' An op.,' disclaimed the youth modestly. ' Well, well, but you're all alike, you young fellows ; always chopping and changing about. Why, I was thinking how nice it would be to have you for best man at a certain wedding that I see not so very far off !' And Mrs. Geoffreys chuckled with a ponderous joviality. Both the young people looked extremely uncomfortable, and their mortification was enhanced by the con- duct of the three boys who stood upon the lawn with their hands in their trousers pockets, grinning with a fiendish enjoyment of the situation. Pauline tried to change the subject. ' We will hope you may think better of it,' she said with a timid glance at Mr. Starland, which he returned with such a flash of surprised grati- tude from behind his spectacles that she became more confused than ever. Mrs. Geoffreys was not to be baffled. ' Well, now, Pauline, my dear, you know you were talking of that very thing only this morning, and your par—your papa—said—dear me ! what a dreadful cold you have got, Mr. Starland !' ' Mr. Geoffreys was only in fun, mamma,' interrupted Pauline with a hunted look. ' What will you do with all your classes if you leave us, Mr. Starland ? How can I got on with my algebra without you ? This with a poor attempt at gaiety. ' Ha !' cried Dick ; ' hand 'em over to Mr. Lascelles.' ' Do you know, I asked him which was the red rose, and he thought it was Yorkists ! He ! he !' ' I wish you boys would go away !' exclaimed Pauline. ' It is very easy for grown- up people to make little mistakes of detail like that, and you have no right to talk as if you thought anyone ignorant for it. You must remember Mr. Lascelles is not a little wretched schoolboy who has to read English history every day of his life !' To this feminine retort Dick replied by a deri- sive laugh, and was about to invent some new form of torment for his half-sisters benefit when the appearance of a parlourmaid with tea and hot buttered cakes happily diverted his attention, and harmony diffused itself around the little group with the fragrant aroma from the teapot. Richard Geoffreys, Esq., barrister-at-law, was the father of the three boys, and stepfather to Pauline Blake, whose mother, I regret to say, he had married in sheer desperation, with the forlorn hope that she would succeed in keeping his sons within bounds better than the servants managed to do. Mrs. Geoffreys had died several years previous to the second marriage, and during all that time the unhappy father had been an unwilling victim to the ingenious machinations of his three sons. Bertie, Jack, and Dick. But the choice of the distressed widower, for lack of a better, had fallen upon the very last person whose presence was calculated to pour oil upon the troublous waters of his domestic life, and Mr. Geoffreys found himself burdened with a vulgar, though certainly good-natured, wife, without any diminu- tion in the grievous annoyances daily perpetrated by this legacy left him by his former spouse. Rumour whispered that Mrs. Blake had been a barmaid in the 'early days,' and that her deceased husband had dispensed whisky to the miners, and later, cheese and butter to the more civilised, though probably on the whole less aristocratic, inhabitants of a Melbourne suburb. These re- ports of course reacted the boys' ears, and they, equally of course, used them as a neat method of retaliating upon their parent for inflicting the pseudo -maternal authority of Mrs. Blake upon them. That lady was too entirely occupied in making the most of her elevation in the social scale and in scheming after a grand alliance for Pauline to pay much attention to the boys, and, to tell the truth, she was secretly afraid of them, being shrewd enough to know that silks and jewellery could not hide the discrepancies in her grammar and pronunciation, and that beneath the smug polite exterior of her three step-sons there ran a vein of satirical humour which they failed not to exercise upon herself when her back was turned. The boys remembered quite enough of their high-bred somewhat fastidious mother to compare her with Mrs. Blake greatly to the latter's disad- vantage, and they revenged themselves for any display of authority on her part by deep-laid plots for her discomfiture. Towards Pauline they soon began to manifest a more amiable feeling, her lively good-humoured way with them leaving no room for animosity, and in fact they treated her very much as if she were actually their sister, rendering her life generally a burden to her by reason of their grotesque imitation of her admirers, and their large ideas of the submission to be exacted by the superior male creature from the weaker sex. Now, Mrs. Geoffreys was, as we have said, ambitious for her daughter's matrimonial future, and it befel, a short time before our story begins, that a brilliant possibility presented itself in the alluring shape of a young American millionaire— the Mr. Lascelles of whom mention has already been made. But although Pauline in her secret heart loved luxury as much as her mother did, yet the flashy diamond on the finger of Mr. Lascelle's lily white hand, and the still more flashy style of his conversation after dinner, were far from meeting with her approval ; though, being a dutiful and gentle girl, she shrank from openly expressing her dislike, fearing to hurt her mother's feelings by thus displaying the superiority of her own tastes. Matters were now becoming serious. Mr. Lascelles pressed his suit with great ardour, though Pauline had given him no encourage- ment, and had several times adroitly saved her- self from hearing an open declaration of affection. She knew, however, that the evil day could not long be put off, and her dread of the crisis in- creased proportionately with her determination that it could only end one way—in the discom- fiture of Mr. Lascelles. Pauline was certainly fond of having plenty of money to spend, and as many gowns as she chose to wear. She loved not to use her own healthy young limbs, but preferred rather to drive in Mr. Geoffreys's comfortable landau beside her over- dressed momma. She had more than once allowed her mind to dwell upon the possibilities briefly expressed in Mr. Lascelles' sthirty thousand a year, and her mouth had metaphorically watered when Mr. Lascelles, quite casually, mentioned little things he had done with his money. ' If he is so generous to outsiders, what would he not do for me if I married him ?' thought innocent Pauline. And she fell to wondering if wealth would make her more frivolous than, alas ! she knew she was already, or whether she should forget the little refinements induced by her education (which might be only veneering after all), and become like her mother—attracted by show and glitter, and preferring a long purse to a cultivated mind ; and here Pauline always drew in the reins of her imagination, influenced perhaps by a fear of being undutiful or ungrate- ful to her mother, or perhaps by compunction of another sort. The boys derided Mr. Lascelles, whom they described with brief contempt as a cad ; and certainly no one knew exactly where he came from. He generally spoke of his native country as ' over there,' with a wave of the hand some- where in the direction of Fiji. From these insufficient data Mrs. Geoffreys decided that he was located, when at home, in New York. How he first became introduced to the Geoffreys household was a mystery that no one but poor Mr. Geoffreys himself ever thought of speculating upon. Certain it was that although Mr. Lascelles had a very fine way of talking about countesses and London society to Mrs. Geoffreys, and of eminent barristers to the master of the house, and might, in consequence, be reasonably supposed to enjoy the companionship of the upper ten thousand wherever he went, yet he undoubtedly secluded himself from the gaieties of Melbourne, and when inconveniently interro- gated on this matter by the boys, who had a happy knack of discovering people's weak points, he manifested an impatience, not to say em- barrassment, that often caused Mr. Geoffreys a pang of secret anxiety. ' I must find out who this young loafer is,' thought Mr. Geoffreys feebly every day, for he was fond of his young step- daughter; and he sometimes went the length of asking Smythe or M'Dougall or O'Brien about him over a noonday whisky at Scott's Hotel. But nothing had come of his inquiries as yet, and Mr. Geoffreys grew more and mote uneasy, though he was far from seeing any way out of the difficulty. So Mr. Lascelles continued to visit at River- tree, in spite of Pauline's coldness, the boys' unmerciful teasing, and Mr. Starland's perfectly undisguised contempt ; the broad geniality of Mrs. Geoffreys's smiling encouragement appear- ing to brace him against all opposition. CHAPTER II. The next day wasthe Fifth of November, and excitement prevailed among certain of the youth of Melbourne and its suburbs. Peaceable citizens had for days been annoyed when taking their walks abroad, and even when reposing in their beds, by intermittent explosions, and their sense of justice had been outraged by solicitations for pecu- niary aid in the manufacture of Guy Fawkeses. But those troubles were trifling as compared with the accumulated horrors of the actual Fifth, when to wear a hat of any pretensions to individuality of taste was to be a mark for squibs and crackers and insulting cries of ' There goes Guy Fawkes !' and when, towards evening, startling conflagra- tions appeared on every patch of waste ground, and night was rendered hideous by the hoots and yells of the populace as they immolated the various unpleasing effigies that had been paraded through the streets since morning. Mr. Geoffreys had passed a dreadful day, and as evening closed in his sufferings increased. Mrs. Geoffreys had determined that matters should be brought to a crisis between Mr. Lascelles, and her daughter, therefore she had invited the former to a little dinner-party at Rivertree that evening. Mr. Geoffreys had, under the promise of a display of fireworks, succeeded in procuring a respite from crackers for a few hours, and was seeking repose in a favourite easy chair at his study window in company with a glass of iced lemonade and an Argus, when a knock at the door jarred upon his unstrung nerves. With a sigh he said, ' Come in !' expecting a deputation paying for a reduction in the prescribed length of time for abstinence from the engrossing joy of firing squibs. But instead of Bertie's shock head there appeared in the doorway the figure of his step- daughter, prettily dressed for the approaching dinner party, but with evident marks of distress upon her countenance. Pauline closed the door after her, and had advanced to the window before Mr. Geoffreys's short-sighted eyes had taken in the fact of the pale and tear- stained face. But when he perceived it, being a kind hearted man, though given to finding out the easiest path through life, he rose and drew her to a chair near him, and patted her bright head so kindly that poor little Pauline fairly broke down, and, in spite of a determination she had made a few moments ago, sobbed quite piteously. ' Now, now, my dear—tell me what's the matter. I never saw this lively little girl so cast down before," said Mr. Geoffreys in some dismay. ' I'm—very sorry,' said Pauline, trying to be calm. ' I—l know you must hate crying, but I really couldn't help it. I shall be all right directly,' and she bravely swallowed the last sob, and looked up from a very damp pocket-hand- kerchief. ' I'm afraid mamma will be coming to find me, and I want so to speak to you.' ' Say on, my dear,' replied Mrs. Geoffreys, encouragingly, and Pauline took heart of grace, and began: ' You know—oh, it's horrid to have to speak of it—you know Mr. Lascelles is—is—I think he wants to ask me to many him, and mamma wants it, too, because she thinks he is rich—I suppose he is, and I like money, too'— here Pauline cast a deprecating glance at her step- father from under the long fringes of her eyelids, and paused. ' Well, my dear ?' said Mr. Geoffreys a little gravely. ' I—I mean the things money can buy, and I'm afraid (although I don't—well, I don't care for Mr. Lascelles as much as I ought) that I should be tempted, if it were not for'— here Pauline's incoherence lost itself in a rosy flush, and she could not proceed. A light seemed to dawn upon Mr. Geoffreys's mind. ' Ha !' said he ; ' a counter attraction—eh ?' Pauline did not deny the soft impeachment, but the kind, almost joking, tone assumed by her step-father encouraged her to finish what she had come to say. ' And so, dear Mr. Geoffreys, if you could only persuade mamma not to tease me about it, but, at any rate, to let things happen as they will, I should be so grateful to you. I believe if you don't that she will make him ask me to-night, and I don't think he needs much making either.' ' Pshaw !' exclaimed Mr. Geoffreys, roused from his langour by this speech. ' You don't mean to say she's gone so far as to be egging on that young upstart to propose to you—ahem ! I mean, my dear, that it is perhaps a little precipi- tate in your mamma, but I will certainly mention the matter to her.' ' Oh, thank you,' said Pauline gratefully, ' and will you speak to her before dinner, because'— ' Yes, yes, my dear, I'm going to dress now, and I shall be sure to see your mother. Give me a kiss and get your eyes brighter, for I don't like to see them full of tears—upon my word, I don't.' And the worthy old gentleman hurried out of the room muttering to himself in terms that, happily for his remnant of authority, the boys did not overhear, though, according to a manner they had of pervading the house, they appeared at intervals during his progress along the corridor to his dressing-room. Arrived there he opened the door of communi- cation with his wife's room and found her before the looking-glass fastening a glittering bracelet on to her stout arm. ' Is that you, Mr. Geoffreys ?' she said without turning round. ' Just be so good as to see if my train is right, will you ? I've had to send Letty down to help the new parlourmaid, who does not get on with John at all.' (John was the butler.) ' It seems to me to have rather too much white showing,' replied the improvised lady's maid. ' Isn't it lining ?' ' Lining indeed !' scornfully repeated the lady, turning to contemplate the expanse of silk befrilled with white lace that trailed its rustling length behind her. ' I do declare, Mr. Geoffreys, you're the most helpless man alive ! And here I am with all this jewellery not put away, for the things I wanted were right at the bottom—and Pauline nowhere to be found'— ' Don't agitate yourself, my dear,' said Mr. Geoffreys soothingly, and glad to be enabled to start some other topic. ' I dare say Pauline will have time to put it away before dinner. It cer- tainly is not wise to leave anything of the sort about after all these robberies that have taken place lately. But I wanted to speak to you for a few minutes while I brush my hair.' Mrs. Geoffreys looked a little astonished, for her husband was not usually a communicative man, and she followed him with some curiosity into the next room. Covering his confusion with a scarifying appli- cation of hair brushes, Mr. Geoffreys tried to recall his waning courage, and plunged into the subject helter-skelter. Mrs. Geoffreys's countenance became gradually stony during the short harangue ; and when it was over she maintained an equally stony silence. Mr. Geoffreys's heart sank, and he felt himself to be a coward. ' Your accusation is malicious and unfounded,' said Mrs. Geoffreys at last with withering scorn. ' I set young men on to my daughter, who's that good and pretty and clever, and can play the piano, and who I never let soil her pretty fingers, and can't even cook a potato—her to be thrown at young men's heads in that way ! I wonder at you, Mr. Geoffreys, I do !' It need hardly be said that Mr. Geoffreys had not expressed himself in a manner at all resem- bling this version, but in his confusion he felt a sense of shame, though whether on his own account or his wife's he was not quite sure. ' Well, my dear,' he at length found voice to say,' I think you go rather to an extreme. I did not—at least I think I did not— accuse you of anything at all ; but I fancied that you were perhaps a little anxious, you know, as every mother naturally is, to have your daughter well married ; and as we men see rather more of the world, you know, I thought I'd just suggest that this young Lascelles may not be—in fact' (more decidedly) ' I don't like him at all.' ' That's quite, enough. Mr. Geoffreys,' said the lady with laborious politeness. ' I'm sure I'm very much obliged to you for your genteel in- sinuations, and now I think it's time we went into the drawing-room.' This tone crushed Mr. Geoffreys completely, and he followed with meekness, after closing the window near which stood the gem-laden dressing table. ' Pauline, my dear,' he said, meeting her in the hall a few moments after, ' I am very sorry, but I'm afraid I put it rather awkwardly—your mumma seems vexed.' ' I am sure you did all that was kindest,' said Pauline with a bright look, ' but I was afraid from the way mamma spoke just now that she was not pleased. Thank you all the same very much. I must run now and put away some things for mamma.' ' You need not do that, my dear, for, the windows are bolted, and there's a carriage com- ing ;' and Mr. Geoffreys drew his step-daughter into the drawing-room as the sound of approach- ing wheels became louder. None of the guests were fashionably late, and they sat down to dinner (which was served in good time on account of the fireworks) as the twilight fell. Unfortunately for Pauline the result of Mr. Geoffreys's well-meant interference soon became evident in a change in the arrangement of the guests at table, which gave Pauline for a neighbour on the left hand a fat elderly gentleman, and on her right the dreaded Mr. Lascelles, who lost no time in taking advantage of his position. He was a thin-faced, though tall and broad shouldered, young man, and wore a heavy dark moustache. On the whole he might be called handsome, and he had some striking individualities of manner, notably an odd habit of avoiding the direct gaze of any one with whom he happened to be conversing, though his own eyes were bright and piercing enough, if haply too near together. But it was curious and interesting to observe his hands. They were long, white, and tapering, and possessed such a delicacy and quickness of touch that it was a pleasure even to watch their manipu- lation of a knife and fork. This peculiarity had always fascinated Pauline, and she often found herself, much against her will, observing Mr. Lascelles's movements more closely than was con- sonant with her aversion to him. To-night it seemed to exercise an unusual influence over her, and, in spite of her utmost efforts to appear un- conscious of his vicinity and devote herself to her other neighbour, her eyes kept turning towards Mr. Lascelles, as if drawn by a magnet, and so depressed and hopeless did she feel that it became quite impossible for her to do more than oppose a languid indifference to his pronounced love- making. The three boys were not present, but they were revenging themselves for their banishment from the table by harassing the servants and making depredations upon the various dishes that were brought from the kitchen. They presented them- selves in the drawing-room when coffee was served there shortly after dinner—for, according to a pleasant custom of the house, all the guests left the table together—and demanded help in the holocaust to be effected outside. The gentlemen were nothing loth to wander out into the sweet summer night where a young moon was waiting to shed her faint suggestive beams upon any number of impromptu flirtations, and Guy Fawkes was there to play propriety, so in a few moments the lawn and shrubberies were alive with voices and laughter and white-robed figures. Pauline endeavoured to slip quietly out of a small conservatory door, but Mr. Lascelles was on the watch apparently, for he stepped forward quickly and offered his arm, which Pauline felt obliged to take. The impending crisis was now very close at hand she knew. Why should she feel so cowardly about it. She had quite made up her mind, since the interview with her step-father, that her answer to the fatal question Mr. Lascelles was about to put should be in the negative. Yet she had an unreasoning terror upon her. She had always been somehow foolishly afraid of Mr. Lascelles—afraid with a kind of fear she had never experienced towards any human being before, and certainly never towards any young and attractive member of the male sex. This strange fear, then, in regard to Mr. Lascelles, whom her mamma wished her to marry, who was young, handsome, accomplished, and, above all, rich, was most unaccountable, and decidedly un- pleasant. As Pauline took his arm and suffered him to lead her out into the moonlight she could have cried with nervous distress, but such insane impulses must not be in- dulged in. She hastily tried to rally her courage with the thought—' What in the world is there to be afraid of ? It is certainly em- barrassing to be on the eve of a love scene, but when it is to be all on one side, and you are determined not to marry the man because you don't care for him, there is nothing for a straightforward girl to do but say so frankly, and as considerately as possible.' Yet why this strange sinking of heart ? Why did a wild longing for protection seize her, and, alas ! why, above all, should the wished-for protection embody itself in a transient vision of Mr. Star- land's spectacles ? He had not been invited to the dinner- party, and was doubtless at this moment poring over his books, miles away, in Carlton. It had only taken a few moments for Pauline's mind to form these thoughts, but during that time she had unconsciously been led towards a remote and silent part of the garden. She woke to hear Mr. Lascelles's voice saying in unmis- takably tender accents: 'Shall we sit down here, Miss Blake ?— is not the moonlight delicious !' They had reached a light fence which separated the more carefully-kept garden from copse and paddock. A rustic bench was here placed near a little stream whose course had been diverted into the enclosed grounds, and which, further on, fed a fountain on the principal lawn ; at this spot it poured over an artificially-con- structed fall, and the subdued lapse of its theters, together with the indescribable scents in wa evening air and the lovely moonlight etherealising each leafy tendril and blade of grass, made a very charming and poetic whole. At another time Pauline would have felt keenly the exquisite purity of the scene and the sweet influences of the odorous music-laden air, but now she was vaguely conscious of a serpent in her paradise. She did not admit this plainly to herself—would have been shocked had anyone compared the agreeable young man beside her to a reptile so forbidding. She glanced at him to dispel the half-formed fancy, and he spoke again. They were by this time seated on the bench. ' Miss Blake,' said Mr. Lascelles, ' I have some- thing to say to you which I have long wanted to say, but hitherto, on the few occasions that were favourable. I have lacked the courage, because— because, Miss Blake, my future happiness depends upon what you will have to say to me in return.' The young man's eyes rested upon her face with a beseeching expression, but they quickly wondered away again according to their wont, and he toyed in quite a wonderful manner with a spray he had plucked from a bush of honeysuckle near. Pauline's heart stood still at his first words. When she became aware, by the silence, that speech was expected of her, she found that her tongue was dry and refused to lend her its aid. She clasped her hands, which were cold and trembling, and looked at her companion help- lessly. Really the diamonds, the sinuous move- ment of the hands, did suggest the glittering scales, the gliding coils, of a snake ; and Pauline—did she not sit like a little white-throated bird gazing in wide-eyed terror at its fascinating destroyer ? ' Can you guess what it was ?' continued Mr. Lascelles. Pauline recovered herself a little, and strove to find courage. She managed to say imploringly : ' Yes, but, oh ! please don't say it !' Mr. Lascelles smiled a queer smile in which might have been detected some triumph. Things were going better than in his most sanguine moments he could have anticipated. ' But I must say it—if you do guess what it is, do you not think you could give me a kind answer ? Say yes, Pauline, darling— treasure !' and before she knew what to say or do an arm was thrown round her, and Mr. Lascelles's moustache brushed her cheek. At that moment the girl positively loathed her lover, but, strange to say, she felt powerless. This man's will was far far stronger than her own ; that, together with her mother's foolish counsels and openly-expressed wishes, and (was it possible ?) a faint gleam of satisfaction in the pro- spect of the riches and honour in store for her if she married him, combined to render her passive in Mr. Lascelles's embrace, and she sat, trem- bling, sick, realising each moment that she was committing herself more and more by her silence and her tacit acceptance of his caresses. The snake had been winding itself closer and closer round the poor little fluttering victim for weeks. Now for the first time she felt that escape would be difficult. A moment more and she knew it would be impossible. Yet she did not stir. The bolt fell. ' Pauline, can it be true ? Yes, you are indeed my own, my cherished one—ah no! do not say you don't care for me enough. That will be all right by-and-by,' for Pauline had half risen and begun to speak, making one frantic effort after freedom. The next instant she had sunk back in her seat, pale, despairing, hopeless. She had let him kiss her, and she had remained passive ; he had of course taken it for granted that she cared for him a little at any rate. She must take the consequences. What was said during the next half-hour Pauline only dimly recollected. When they re- turned to the more frequented part of the garden, guided by the blaze of a bonfire, no one noticed that they had been absent. Pauline thought to herself with a little sad smile that at this stage of affairs heroines of novels usually sought the privacy of their own apartment in haste by a back stair. But she did not, somehow, feel in- clined to follow their example. She was con- scious that solitude would not be conducive to peace of mind ; and then Mr. Starland might have looked in to help the boys, for he was very good- natured, and he had not been informed of the dinner party. She would like to see him for a short time. In his presence she had always found comfort and pleasure. She revered his intellect ; for Pauline, in spite of her love for pretty dresses and luxurious surroundings, had not a little good sense in her bright head ; and she had unlimited faith in his wisdom concerning other matters. Perhaps, without explaining what had taken place that evening, she might, if she could see him, ask his advice. She was honestly prepared to follow it. Pauline had more than once admitted to herself that she had never before met anyone whom she would so well have liked to marry as Mr. Starland ; but her profound sense of the dignity of a senior op.—' why the next thing to being a wrangler, and wranglers could get their books taken by publishers whenever they wished (no matter what rubbish they contained) and, in fact, do anything they chose in the world of letters'—had ren- dered very shadowy her thoughts as to the possibility of his caring for her really well enough to do her so high an honour as to ask her to be his wife. She had treated him outwardly very much as she treated all the other gentlemen she knew, however, and modest Mr. Starland would have been utterly amazed had he imagined what her secret heart might have revealed. If he could have guessed, his own conduct would have been greatly influenced of course. He would probably have begun at once to compare himself less unfavourably with this bright sweet young creature, and, by the light of her respect for his talents, would have seen a less tremendous gulf between his own quiet studious self and the fairy- like vision that had crossed his path. Mr. Starland's womenfolk were few, and of an uncompromising kind. They all professed to have ' no nonsense about them,' and indeed nonsense of the description they alluded to would not have become them well. The youngest sister was some ten years older than Edward, our hero. His father was poor, and Edward was conscientious ; so when he went to college, instead of cultivating society, either male or female, he cultivated books. The youthful students to whom he lectured at the Melbourne University would have smiled with pity or incredulity had they known that during his Cambridge career he had never flirted with the pretty confectioner of the Petty Cury (she must be passee, by-the-by, now ; I mean her successor) ; had never driven a drag tandem, nor played cards for money, nor done one of the thousand things a young gentleman usually considers it necessary to do in order to become really a man. In his early freshman's days he had never been so attached to the recollections of his boyhood either as to be unable to refrain from planting an absent under- graduate's rooms with useful vegetables in a few inches depth of soil laid down for the purpose, or to lead on a timid but conscientious proctor to render himself ridiculous by being deluded into the belief that some innocent student had been guilty of reprehensible conduct ; or in fact to enjoy any one of the sportive doings recorded by so many loving students of the youth of England. In the colonies, as was to be expected, he was no better. His father had obtained, through in- fluence, a lectureship for him in Melbourne, and he had gladly sought fresh fields for his energies. Among the professors he was highly thought of as a young man of talent, and possessed of enough industry to turn that talent to account ; but he could not manage a boat ; he looked far from jolly on Cup Day ; he rode atrociously whenever he was obliged to take horse exercise ; it was not a bit of use asking his opinion about a horse or a bulldog, because he had no eye for their beauties. His deficiencies did not trouble him, however. Nothing had sufficed to rouse him from his love of books until Pauline crossed his path. Now Pauline's girl friends had fired her with ambition to be a blue-stocking. One of them took private lessons in algebra and Latin with Mr. Starland, and she strongly urged Pauline to ' take up' these subjects under the same preceptor ; Pauline had agreed, and so it came about that her step-father wrote to arrange matters, and she began a course of mathematics, under Mr. Starland's tuition, about three months before this memorable Fifth of November. CHAPTER III. Secure in the good faith of his prize (for it is an odd fact that the worldly-wise can believe in some people), Mr. Lascelles complied with Pauline's hurried entreaty to be left alone, and sauntered away from her towards the lighted windows of the dining-room. The little scene he had lately taken such a prominent part in had made him thirsty. Exhausted nature craved the solace of a brandy and soda. I think he found one, for Dick smelt him of it afterwards, and failed not to proclaim the fact metaphorically upon the house-top. But meantime Pauline be took herself to the bonfire. The party, she found, had been considerably augmented since she left it by various neighbours who had dropped in, attracted by some really good fireworks the in- dulgent Mr. Geoffreys had bought for his boys. Among the crowd she at last discerned Mr. Starlaned, who, with a very-much begrimed counte- nance, was seriously engrossed in the letting off of some new and complicated species of firework. His efforts were crowned with success, and he retired, under a shower of coloured sparks and applause, to wash his face. Pauline determined to waylay him on his return, though an uncom- fortable feeling akin to guilt was in her soul as she thought of her new-made swain. But the girl meant no treason. She felt very unhappy, and to whom else could she go for comfort ? She saw Mr. Starland returning, and in her eagerness, and uncertainty as to whether or not she was doing right, hurried up to him in a manner very unlike her usual careless grace. Mr. Starland's sur- prised glance, though instantly subdued, and re- placed by a smile of gratified welcome, filled her with confusion. She scarcely knew what she said, but this is what she did say : ' Oh, Mr. Starland, let us come away from all this glare and noise. I—l have a question to ask you.' ' With pleasure,' answered the young man, turning at once to a more sequestered part of the grounds. Then Pauline, walking by his side, be- came suddenly aware of the difficulty she was placed in. How could she ask counsel of this friend under the circumstances ? She could not even find words to frame a sentence expressing what she wished to say without committing a great breach of propriety. And, above all, how could she confide the fact of her engagement to a male acquintance before even her mother or step- father knew of what had occurred ? Poor little Pauline felt baffled and miserable. She had an idea that Mr. Starland was far more capable of giving her good advice under the circumstances than her step-father, who was the only other per- son who could be of the slightest use to her. But her bringing-up had been of such a sort as to fill her mind with the importance of observing conventionalities, and this impulse had so become part of her nature that she could not break through her old habits of action, even in her present sore straits. The knowledge (now she had grown calmer) that she was about to make a great mistake helped Pauline better than anything else could have done. She managed to begin a conversation on indifferent topics, and happily remembered that there was a question she wished to ask about a little difficulty she had met with in her work. Her companion, in the meantime, was very happy. His idol—for so dear now he confessed to himself she was—had of her own free will sought his society alone. Dare he, could he, hope that she would listen to him if he spoke of what was filling his heart ? It might startle her at first. He could not suppose that a bookworm of a fellow like himself would in the beginning appear acceptable to such a girl, but she had a kindly nature, and perhaps she might consent to let him try and win her, if he gave her full freedom to act independently afterwards, in case she found she did not care for him sufficiently. The lovely moonlit solitude of the fragrant garden seemed to inspire and give him courage. Now, or never ! He began abruptly: ' Miss Blake, I hope I am not about to say what will offend you—it isn't apropos of the multiplication of fractions, but I can't help that, I have cared for you a long time—more than I ever thought I could care for anything but books—will you let me hope that one day you may entertain the possibility of'—— ' Stop ! stop ! Mr. Starland,' cried poor Pauline, who had been really too much bewildered at the commencement of this oddly-expressed proposal to be clear as to the meaning of the words. ' Don't say any more about it, I beg of you—I— I have just become engaged to Mr. Lascelles—oh! I am very miserable !' and the girl broke down and cried so bitterly with such long - drawn terrible sobs that Starland was dismayed. " Is it because of what I said ?' he entreated. ' Then forget it ! forget it ! Pauline. I would rather give up this my cherished hope for ever, and be lonely all my life, than see you unhappy. Don't —don't cry so !' But the simple-hearted goodness of the young man's words only made Pauline realise more bitterly what she had lost, and her grief grew the more hopeless. She broke away from him, and this time imitated the heroines of novels ; she fled to her own room as quickly as her blinding tears would let her. But Dick, who, in some occult manner, usually contrived to present himself where and whenever he was least wanted, saw her hasty escape into the house, and immediately set his wits to work to divine the cause of his step-sister's evident dis- tress. He was a good-hearted as well as a gen- tlemanly boy, and he knew where fun verged on what he would have termed caddishness ; so he neither followed Pauline nor reported the circum- stance, and most discreetly drew his own con- clusion without confiding in his brothers. Mr. Starland, knowing that his absence would not be noticed, slipped quietly away, and spent a very mauvais quart d'heure in the 'bus on his way home. He had experienced a great deal that was quite new to him during his interview with Pauline. He had never intended to propose to her yet, if ever he could have brought himself to venture it at all, and he was amazed to find how deeply he loved the girl now all hope of winning her was at an end. Looking back at the totally unexpected event of the past hour, he felt as though he had lived ten years in that short space of time. And what a complete change had it not wrought in him ! Study seemed distasteful ; the future a wretched cheerless blank. He longed only to get away from Melbourne, for how could he endure to hear of Pauline's marriage, and encounter her as the wife of Lascelles (as he must necessarily do so, if only as a chance passer-by in the streets). At the possibility more than hinted by Pauline in her involuntary burst of grief, that she did not love her new fiance after all as she should do or as she might love another man, he dared not then glance. It conjured up a prospect of too much woe for her, if, indeed, it were true, and would be likely to encourage all kinds of foolish impossible-to-be- gratified hopes in his own storm-tossed heart Starland arrived at his rooms with a very white tired look and a determination to leave Melbourne for Sydney as soon as he could honourably get away from his duties. He thought he might manage it before many weeks were over, and meantime he could easily send excuses to his lady pupils. He would not go to Rivertree again until he went to say good-bye. This for Pauline's sake more than for is own. And so he turned into bed, only to lie awake until the gray dawn of the summer morn- ing, when a restless slumber, almost worse than his waking wretchedness, brought him dreams of Pauline married to Lascelles. But she never appeared to him as a happy bride ; she was always pale, silent, and forsaken. The dreams impressed his waking hours, as may readily be imagined, and rendered the poor fellow doubly unhappy ; but Starland had a curious quality about him, the manifestation of which might cause some to smile. In this instance it took the form of a resolute avoidance of all acknow- ledgment even in his secret thoughts, that Lascelles was unworthy, now he knew Pauline had chosen him. Mr. Geoffreys, on being informed by his trium- phant and delighted wife of her daughter's good fortune when he retired to rest on the night of the fireworks, disgusted that worthy lady by shaking his head with a sigh instead of mani- festing the lively satisfaction a man might reasonably be supposed to feel at the prosperous future in store for a favourite young step- daughter. But he declined to commit himself by disparaging Mr. Lascelles in words, and so Mrs. Geoffreys's indignation was augmented by her inability to fasten a charge of libel upon her husband. Pauline's dejection had sufficiently irritated her already, and she felt ill-used. She had found the girl in her room when the guests of the evening were gone, not having thought it necessary to summon her from the garden, where she fondly imagined her to be tete-a-tete with Mr. Lascelles. Pauline, knowing that Mr. Lascelles would say nothing to her step- father until the following day, had not intended to disclose the fact of her engagement that night, and had fervently hoped that she might not be molested. But she dutifully dried her eyes and opened the door at her mother's knock, and was too broken-down in body and mind to withstand Mrs. Geoffreys's cross- questionings. The reception Mr. Lascelles met with when he presented himself at the offices of his step-father in-law-elect next morning did not transpire. It appeared to be satisfactory to the young man, however, judging by the jaunty manner in which he emerged from that haunt of law, and betook himself in a hansom to the home of his beloved. Poor Pauline had dreaded unspeakably her meeting with him, and her pale cheeks and sad eyes might have excited a sense of mortified vanity, if no deeper feeling, in some men, but Mr. Lascelles appeared to scorn the petty humours of self-love. He professed, by his com- placent acceptance of the state of things at Rivertree, an entire satisfaction with the decrees of fortune, and went on his way rejoicing in the capacity of favoured rival. That is, he began to spend most of his days lounging, in the shady drawing-room, with Pauline sitting pale and patient by his ride, and he ate as many meals at the house as he decently could. As the weeks passed on, Pauline, grateful for small mercies nowadays, began thankfully to per- ceive that she was growing more accustomed to Mr. Lascelles as a lover, and that her dread of him as a husband was not so great as it had been at first. It was a pitiful consolation for a bright young life—the pathetic hope that she would be able to bear the thought of what ought to have been her proudest joy ; and Pauline wondered to herself at the utter change Mr. Starland's con- fession had wrought in her ambitious little soul. Poor Starland himself was dragging out his desolate days and bearing his heartache as best he could. He had given up his private pupils, and had written for an appointment in Sydney, in preference to returning like a bad shilling (as he drearily expressed it in his musings) upon his old father, and about a month after the applica- tion was sent a lectureship fell vacant and the authorities at the Sydney University offered it to Starland. On the same day that he received the intimation he was walking thoughtfully down Bourke-street trying to decide within himself whether he was glad or sorry to get away from the scene of his troubles, when an incident occurred that startled him out of his reverie. In turning a corner he suddenly came in violent contact with a man who was apparently in such haste as scarcely to observe the rudeness he had committed. He uttered a hurried ' Beg pardon !' it seemed mechanically, and pursued his way. But the tone of the voice fully roused Starland from his day- dreams, for it was the voice of Lascelles, while the face was not the face of Lascelles at all, but in the hasty glance he got the clean-shaven lip and chin, haggard features, and dark restless eyes, might have belonged to a Ned Kelly, and cer- tainly resembled the larrikin type and no other. Starlaud felt thunderstruck. Then he shook himself together, turned, and darted after the man, seeing nothing clearly but the necessity for solving the strange riddle. Promptly as he put his impulse into execution, however, he was too late to satisfy his mind by even so much as a glimpse of the fugitive's coat tails. Starland rushed in pursuit up one street and down another, all in vain ; but he did not relax his efforts until he became quite convinced that they were futile. Then he perceived that the policemen were re- garding him, to say the least, curiously, and he betook himself, baffled and anxious, to his former route. Who could the man "have been ? Cer- tainly not Lascelles himself, now that he, Star- land, had leisure to breathe and think calmly. It must be that the unfortunate fellow had a good for-nothing twin brother ! This brilliant idea was like balm to Starland's soul. Without going so far as to acknowledge to himself that Lascelles was a double-faced scoundrel, he had had some very queer doubts about him, as we know ; this conclusion that the poor fellow was a victim to circumstances explained a great deal—Lascelles's reticence concerning his antecedents and belong- ings, his not being generally ' in society,' were quite easily explained on this hypothesis ; and although it caused Starland a pang to think of Pauline as connected with that ruffianly- looking fellow, even though she might never see him, or know of his existence, yet the setting at rest of this never fully-admitted suspicion (none the less real on that account) brought poor Starland's feelings to a pitch more nearly resembling con- tentment than he would, half an hour ago, have deemed possible ; and he could prepare himself with a quieter mind for his farewell visit to River- tree, which he new resolved should take place that very evening. CHAPTER IV. And what sweeter, sadder, time could be dressed of for a life-long farewell than this evening proved. The mellow beams of the setting sun streamed over Starland's pathway as he approached the home of his beloved with calm light such as an approving conscience gives the soul. The purple shadows among the trees in the distant river's gleaming reaches might be the fading of earthly hopes, hallowed by the same gentle radiance, and above all this silent subsidence of life's day the golden crown of the Beyond shone dazzling in the western sky, and Faith's sweet star pierced the shades of night high above all. Starland was always ready to sympathise with Nature's moods ; he trod quietly onward to - night, drinking in the majestic beauty of the dying day, and finding in it peace and patience for his troubled soul. He needed all the consolation earth and heaven could give him to strengthen him for his task. As he neared the house a sudden fear that Lascelles and he might meet made his heart beat quicker. Strange that he had not thought of this before. Stranger, and oh ! most happy, chance, whom should he see just now, through a gap in the hedge that hid the grounds of River- tree from the eyes of curious passers-by, but the figure of Lascelles himself, walking quickly from the house in the direction of a little wicket gate that led into the shrubbery bordering the carriage-drive. In a moment more Starland heard the gates clang, followed by quick foot- steps along the public road, and he breathed freely, knowing that his rival was widening the distance that divided him from Pauline. He could now bid her adieu in safety. He paused awhile at the gate to gather fresh courage and calmness, and then turned and strode resolutely up the avenue to the familiar hospitable doors. No one was upon the veranda as Starland ap- S reached. He rang the bell, and asked for Mr. Geoffreys. The parlourmaid showed him into the ' study,' a little room which the master of the house used as a kind of modified ' growlery.' Being at the eastern side of the house it was already in shadow, and a reading-lamp, just lighted, stood upon the table, revealing Mr. Geoffreys extended on a lounge near the yet uncurtained window. He jumped up at once and greeted Starland with much cordiality. He liked the young man, and having sadly un- worldly ideas about money, which he described as ' filthy lucre,' would gladly have welcomed him as a suitor for Pauline's hand. In regard to money, the present Mrs. Geoffreys always argued that he had never known the want of it. He had a private fortune which had rendered him independent long before he adopted the profession of the law ; Mrs. Geoffreys excused her anxiety for Pauline's marriage to be advantageous from a pecuniary point of new on the grounds of her having had to ' struggle' as she phrased it in her youth. Mr. Geoffreys had a good deal of quiet satire in reserve, though he seldom used it. But occasionally he would ask his wife why she thought it necessary to defend herself if she were so convinced that she was acting wisely in representing her views on the importance of money so strongly to a young girl like Pauline. This never failed to anger Mrs. Geoffreys, for in her secret heart she felt the superiority of her husband's unworldly simplicity. Shame acts as an irritant upon some natures. Only that very day Mrs. Geoffreys had been led by some inward promptings to hold forth on the subject of her pride and delight—the good marriage her daughter was about to make ; and the secret disgust in Mr. Geoffreys's soul found vent in a heartier welcome than ordinary of the poor young student whom he half suspected to have been attracted by his pretty step-daughter's charms. ' Glad to see you, Starland ; very glad, in- deed !' he said; ' help yourself to some of that sherry after your walk, and here's a bottle of lemonade in the cooler. I conclude you walked, as you came round that way,' with a wave of his hand towards the window, as he pushed the cigars across the table, and sank back into his former position on the lounge. Starland was just at that moment of suspense in the debouching of the lemonade when one has in mind several unpleasant possibilities—the breaking of the window, or a disfigured countenance, by the unexpected exaltation of the cork, or, worse still, an explosion of the bottle itself. However, the contents of the bottle in question, though evidently in high spirits, behaved well, and submitted to be poured, flaring, into the long tumbler. As soon as this was accomplished Starland sat down opposite to his host, and stared rather rudely. ' Me that way, sir ?' he said ungrammatically. ' I assure you I wasn't.' ' Well, it's getting duskish certainly,' said Mr. Geoffreys, ' but I was almost sure I saw you going round as if you had come in by the back way from the field path.' ' No, you must have been mistaken, for I came all the way by the road after I got out of the 'bus, and straight up the drive. It must have been Lascelles going away. I saw him just before I got to the gate.' ' Ah, possibly, but—well, well, it couldn't have been, I suppose ;' and Mr. Geoffreys changed the subject, though his face still wore a look of mystification. He expressed genuine sorrow when Starland told his errand. ' My dear fellow, you were getting along so swimmingly at the Melbourne University. Now don't be offended with an old man, but if you're one of the changeable sort try to eradicate the tendency from your nature. " A rolling stone." you know, eh? And, besides, how we shall miss you ! Business, I suppose, that's kept you away all these weeks. Why, it must be a month since you were here ! Well, well ! But think of what say, my dear boy, do.' Mr. Geoffreys always became fragmentary in his style of conversation when disturbed. Just now he was particularly so. ' You are kindness itself,' said Starland earnestly. ' I would most gladly take your advice, but it is not really what you think. I was—I was very happy in Melbourne, but'— here a look on Mr. Geoffreys's face made him speak as explicitly as he could—'but circum- stances have occurred which render it necessary I should go. They are not in the least dis- creditable to myself ; I could not help them, in fact ; but they none the less make it imperative for me to leave. I wish I could explain to so genuine a friend, but others are concerned, and— and—altogether it would be a breach of con- fidence'—— Here Starland paused, hoping Mr. Geoffreys would say something. He was not disappointed, though in the self-confidence of first love, which buries its head in the desert sand like the ostrich and congratulates itself that it is invisible to all eyes, he was considerably amazed at what the simple-minded old gentle- man had to say. ' Starland, my good fellow, I perfectly under- stand you. You're acting like an honourable and sensible fellow. I won't say I'm sorry for you, for that would be pity, and my feeling towards you is something totally different But if you want a friend, remember, or anything that a friend's advice, or sympathy, or purse can do, you have only to come to Richard Geoffreys, and he'll give you anything he can. Tut, tut, what's the use of thanks ? Thank me by getting into a good position, or I shall catch you and bring you by main force to Rivertree as tutor to those awful young scamps. They mind you more than all the eight tutors they have had at different times put together. Is that Dick sneaking about there in the garden now ?' Here Mr. Geoffreys looked out into the gathering darkness, more to conceal an unwonted disturbance in his features than from real curiosity. But his tone changed to one of genuine interest as he said, ' Yes, it is Dick ; in fact, now I think of it, the other two are away this evening, and they can't be home yet. Just come and look at him, Starland. Yes. Dick it is, to be sure. Wouldn't you think he was mad ? He used to dance just in that manner in the stable yard, only in his nightshirt, with some extraordinary get-up on his face, for the benefit of a wretched little page we used to keep. I've never been able to get a page since, for that one went away and spread such frightful reports about one of the young gents being possessed with a devil that none of the breed would ever enter my service again. That page nearly had a fit, I recollect ; but I must do Dick the justice to say that when he realised that the poor little beggar was really terrified he stopped, and insisted on his taking all his pocket-money, which amounted to a con- siderable sum just then, Jack and Bertie told me. I think be had been gambling for marbles or some such device. Just look at him now !' Dick's conduct was certainly singular. He capered about, first on one leg, then on the other, bent himself double, as if suffering internally, and by way of finale stood on his head with great ease. Recovering his equilibrium he then pro- ceeded to walk on exaggerated tiptoe, and with spasmodic gesticulations seemingly intended to enjoin silence and secrecy on some invisible being, towards the front of the house, and was lost to sight round the corner. The two gentle- men laughed as they withdrew from the window. ' If you'll allow me I will go into the drawing- room to say good-bye now to Mrs. Geoffreys and —— Miss Blake,' said Starland, who felt the sooner it was over the better. ' Would you rather not ?' said Mr. Geoffreys, knowing that Starland's chief motive was a courteous desire to acknowledge the hospitality he had received from the house's mistress. He gauged the young man's character well enough to know that no sickly selfish hankering after one more glimpse of his lost love would have tempted Starland to disturb what serenity poor Pauline might have acquired—if, indeed, a fear that Starland's affection had found its home in his little step-daughter's heart were not ground- less. ' Oh, no, thanks,' answered Starland, who, having made up his mind, felt that to be half the battle. So they proceeded to the drawing-room. It was but dimly lighted, the gas being turned low within the pink porcelain globes, for the sake of coolness. There was nothing startling in the placid air of Mrs. Geoffreys as she sat fanning herself in a low chair at the wide-open French window, her lavender silk skirts trailing as usual around her ; nor in Pauline, who sat, half- concealed by a stand of flowers, at a little dis- tance from her mother. Yet Starland drew back as he was about to enter the room, provoking a testy exclamation from his companion by tread- ing on his favourite corn. ' I beg your pardon, I am sure,' said Starland, recovering himself. 'I did not expect to see visitors.' With that he marched boldly into the room, and Mr. Geoffreys, following, perceived, in the dimmest corner, not very far from his step-daughter, her fiance ensconced by the great ebony grand piano, apparently in earnest conversation. Starland greeted Mrs. Geoffreys and Pauline quite calmly to all appearance, and sat down with a nod to Lascelles that might almost have been termed friendly. But rage and indignation filled his soul. Beneath his calm exterior his heart swelled with an ungovernable, if un- reasonable, fury, as he thought, ' Confound his impudence ! Is it not enough that he has got her for always, that he must needs turn back to frustrate my one small hope of a word alone with her before I go ?' Starland's pride, however, impelled him to an unwonted courtesy of demeanour to his enemy, so anxious was he to avoid giving him cause for triumph. The same reason had stopped him just in time in his impulse to exclaim that he had seen Lascelles leave the premises so recently. Mr. Geoffreys, unfortunately, was not a man of tact. He was somewhat flurried and annoyed at Lascelle's unexpected presence, and to cover his confusion plunged at once into conversation. ' Hallo ! we didn't expect to find you here !' he remarked to Lascelles. ' Starland saw you just now, leaving. Suppose you had another word to say—eh ?' ' Saw Mr. Lascelles leaving !' cried Mrs. Geoffreys. ' Why, he has only just come ! We've not seen him before, to-day.' ' Fact,' said the gentleman in question, with a calm nod at the two bewildered ones. Pauline lifted her head with a glance of sur- prise. The flush that had risen to her cheek on Starland's entrance had left her pale and ab- stracted in manner. He thought how like a fading lily she looked as she sat in a drooping attitude in the dark green velvet chair, her white dress clinging around her. The only touch of colour that there seemed to be about her lay in the bright masses of her hair. She immediately cast down her eyes, and sat as before, playing idly with a white rose in her lap. Poor unsunned lily ! How Starland longed to gather it from its sterile gloomy surroundings, and tend it with all care in a gay dewy garden of his own loving heart's preparing ! But this was not to be. Starland realised it with a pang. He must not unnerve himself by dwelling on might-have-beens. He had come to bid farewell, and he would do so in a suitable and rational way. Meanwhile, Mr. and Mrs. Geoffreys were loud in their expressions of surprise. ' It's my opinion we're all bewitched to-day!' exclaimed the former. ' Why, here am I—could have sworn I saw Starland pass my study window not two minutes before he comes in, and he denies, point blank, having been there. And now Lascelles does the same. Perhaps something of the kind has happened to Dick, for he's going on in the garden like one demented.' At this moment Mr. Lascelles happened to glance at his host from a photograph- book he had begun to look at Starland felt an odd thrill as he encountered, en passant, the cold glitter of his very peculiar eyes. Just such a glance had been shot at him by the stranger who had so unceremoniously shouldered past him that morning. It reminded Starland of the conclusion he had come to about Lascelles being burdened with a larrikin relative, and he triad to infuse into his heart a tinge of magnanimous for- bearance. ' Yes, it certainly is odd ;' it was Mr. Lascelles who spoke. ' Very odd indeed that these should be two such mistakes in one day connected with the same individual. Perhaps we each have a double, Starland. I for one do not put so many things down to coincidence as some of my friends. I believe in ghosts, you know.' Here Mrs. Geoffreys became interested, and monopolised the young man. Mr. Geoffreys purposely entered with vivacity into the discussion of spirits versus swindlers, and so Starland and Pauline were left for the moment comparatively alone. Starland was beginning to tell her, rather hurriedly, of his future plans, putting on as matter-of-fact an air as his beating heart weald let him, when the hall-door bell, pealing loud and long, caused con- versation to cease. ' Who ever can it be ? What impudence to make such a noise !' cried Mrs. Geoffreys indig- nantly. ' Just go, Mr. Geoffreys, and if it is nobody please give them a bit of your mind.' Mr. Geoffreys was proceeding meekly to obey this rather singular request, when the drawing- room door opened, disclosing the parlourmaid, pale and flurried, evidently quite shaken out of her customary trim propriety ; behind her towered the huge form of a six-foot guardian of the peace. She got no further than ' Please ma'am,' when the intruder indulgently bundled her out of the way, and filled the doorway far more effectually than she had done. Everyone stared. The policeman, however, seemed in nowise discomposed. After a cursory glance round the apartment, he turned easily to the lady, of the house, saying: ' Don't be alarmed, mum, there's nothink wrong that can't be put right, I 'ope. But'— here be turned to Mr. Geoffreys—' I must ax you to let us make free of your garding and premises for a bit, sir. We've tracked 'em hereabouts. Robinson and Perry and Larkins and O'Brady's outside, and two seed 'em lope your fence, sir. ' Who—what ?' shrieked Mrs. Geoffreys, while Pauline looked rather frightened. ' Murderers and burglars in the house ! Fanny, Fanny, go and bring John at once—the gardener's gone home long since !' For show of obedience Fanny backed to the door (she had slipped in after the policeman, and had been glancing fearfully over her shoulder and out of the windows ever since). ' Now, don't you alarm yourself, ma'am. It's a jewellery robbery at Colonel Verney's, that's what it is. We'll ketch 'em without bloodshed, no fear, though he is a good plucked 'un. We've been nigh on ketchin' of 'im many a dozen times. He'll be booty when we do get 'im. He'll laugh at us then, you bet ! —on the other side of his mouth ! I'll tell you in confidence who it is—all gentlemen and ladies here, I know—its Slippery Jack.'' There was a series of ejaculations. ' Slippery Jack ! Oh !—the shutters, Mr. Geoffreys !—no, you'll be murdered !' (Mrs. Geoffreys). ' Oh Lord ! preserve us !' (Fanny). " The great burglar !' (Pauline). ' Don't I wish they may get him !' (Mr. Lascelles). ' Here's a pretty to-do !' (Mr. Geoffreys). Starland alone did not speak until the exclaim- ing was over. Then he said: ' Let us help to catch him, at any rate. Come along, Lascelles.' ' No, no !' shrieked Mrs. Geoffreys. ' He shan't go !' Mr. Starland, how, can you propose such a thing ? My Pauline to see her lover murdered before her very eyes !' Pauline winced slightly. ' Mamma, how can you be so absurd ! There is nothing to fear. I had rather Mr. Lascelles went.' ' No, no,' said Mr. Lascelles with a laugh, throwing himself into his chair by the piano. ' If there are four bobbies outside, as well as this host in himself inside'—indicating the policeman who, with Fanny's trembling aid, was rapidly securing the shutters—' I'll stay behind and enjoy your society. I'm tired after my walk—at any rate too lazy to be hunting rascals at this time of night if there's anyone else to do it.' So Starland and Mr. Geoffreys left the room with the policeman, closely followed by Mrs. Geoffreys and Fanny, to assist in searching the house, and, there being a plentiful supply of the force outside, it was reasonable that Lascelles should prefer remaining alone with his beloved. But this was not to be. Dick occasionally took a fancy to act as spoil-sport at these love scenes— if love scenes they could be called, where the love-making was all on one tide ; and just now Dick chose to appear, and to squat in an ungainly attitude on a settee between the door and the window. A grin of more than usual malice irradiated his countenance. Pauline felt grateful for his presence, but Mr. Lascelles appeared to entertain a different opinion. After scowling for a few minutes at the youth, who bore this token of disapproval with perfect equanimity, he said in withering tones: ' Dick, I fear you are not fitted to battle with the world. It is well that so thin-skinned and sensitive a boy should have kind parents to interpose between its roughness and him.' ' Ha !' said Dick, privately nettled, but scorn- ing to show it by retaliation; ' when I can get myself up as some people can I shall fear nobody nor nothing.' This enigmatical reply, especially as it was uttered with a marked emphasis, drew Pauline's attention to her young half-brother, whose presence she had before noticed only as a relief from the attentions of her betrothed. Her glance happened to fall upon the latter, and she fancied she observed a look of perturbation in his face. ' What is the matter, Frederick ? D.id you hear anything ?' she asked, her mind naturally running upon burglars. ' Hear anything ! No, my treasure, but I think I am so tired that if 1 don't get home pretty soon I shall fall asleep on the road !' And Lascelles rose, stretched himself, smothered a yawn, and ordered Dick out of the room. ' Yes, go, Dick, there's a good boy,' said Pauline entreatingly, fearing Lascelles might give way to temper, as he had more than once done before under similar provocation. Dick nodded good-humouredly. ' All right, Polly, to please you, remember. Good night, good night, ever sweetest, dearest—ah!' and Dick passionately embraced the back of a tall chair, and staggered out of the room. What he did when outside did not disturb Pauline. She was entirely engrossed in trying to hide a some- what hysterical tendency to laugh, which she knew would offend Lascelles, and in resigning herself to his expected caresses. But, greatly to her relief and satisfaction, he appeared in haste to go, and contented himself with a very brief farewell. When the door had closed upon him, the girl sank wearily into a chair, and covering her face with her hands fell into a train of sad musings that might have lasted long enough had they not been interrupted. Suddenly a frightful uproar was heard in the garden just outside the window. Pauline's heart stood still. Who— what was it ? Could the burglars been driven to bay? Than perhaps there would be murder. Nerved by the sound of footsteps and voices hastening to the spot from all directions Pauline crossed the room, though her trembling limbs almost refused to carry her, and opened the drawing-room door. The hall was filled with people, all hurrying out to the veranda. Pauline followed, too terrified to ask questions, even if she could have expected to have them answered. Cries of ' Help, help !' in Dick's young voice now resounded upon the evening air, and Mr. Starland, pressing through the excited crowd, rushed out on to the gravel. Pauline followed with the rest, and stopped, gazing in horrified bewilderment at the scene before her. It was a bright moonlight night, and the garden was almost as plainly visible as if it were day. There upon the lawn were Lascelles and Dick, the latter clinging like a leech to the tall dark form of his future brother-in-law, pommelling him with his fists, and twining his active young limbs around him in frantic futile endeavours to throw him down. The former was raining blows upon the boy's head unmercifully, struggling in vain to free himself, and uttering curses so hideous that the women shrieked, and stopped their ears in horror. Dick, not to be behindhand, surpassed himself in omitting a series of eldritch screeches that would have drowned any oaths less blasphemous. All this did not take a minute, however. Starland, closely followed by Mr. Geoffreys and the police- men, hastened forward, extricated Lascelles, and asked Dick what he was doing. ' Doing !' shrieked the boy, nearly beside himself. ' Don't let him go ! You'll be sorry for it, I tell you !' and Dick flew at him again. ' You young spitfire, what is it ? Lascelles, tell us !' cried poor Mr. Geoffreys, sorely exercised in spirit, for he feared his son had indeed gone mad. ' Let me at him one minute—only one !' and Dick struggled so frantically that Starland, who had been holding on to his jacket collar, let him go. Instantly the boy flew again at Lascelles, made a dash at his face, and, to everybody's amazement, dragged off at one swoop the splendid dark moustache that graced that gentle man's lip. ' Blest—why, blest if he ain't Slippery Jack hisself !' cried the assembled policemen in one breath, and a stillness of utter amaze fell upon the little crowd. Thinking, perhaps, to take advantage of this moment of stupefaction, Lascelles suddenly dived and made a bolt for it, but it was of no use. The policemen, now they were sure of him, knew better than to let him go. He was almost immediately recaptured and brought back to the open space in front of the house, while a pair of handcuffs was produced and fastened on, and a policeman stationed one on each side of him. Mr. Geoffreys ordered the servants into the house to attend to the ladies, who, after one glance at the pale, dogged, wicked face of Pauline's lover, had hastened to hide their dis- may from the eyes of the curious, but sympa- thetic, policeman. ' Well, I must say you're a plucky youth, Dick,' said Mr. Starland after a moment's silence. All eyes were turned upon Dick, who now sat, quite white and exhausted, upon the steps of the veranda. ' Oh, but I say, now ! Didn't he pommel me ? But I gave him as good as he gave me !' cried the boy, rousing up to excitement again. ' And'— ' But tell us how it was, Dick,' said his father kindly. ' Well, father, didn't I see him with my own eyes come sneaking into the grounds over the back fence, looking as like Mr. Starland about the whiskers as two peas one minute, and wasn't he just like himself, as we knew him, that is, the next ! Why,' cried Dick, ' I actually saw him stuff Mr. Starland's whiskers into his left-hand breast-pocket—just you look, one of you bobbies, and see if I don't speak the truth !' ' Sure enough, here they are, sir,' said the policeman on the left, producing the articles from the pocket specified. ' There, you see, Mr. Lascelles ! When you come out of quod will you do me the favour to show me how they're put on ? I've often wondered !' ' There, that'll do, Dick,' said Mr. Geoffreys. ' Now, I suppose we are not called upon to say or do anything to-night, policeman ?' ' Oh no, sir, not to- night,' replied the man addressed. ' I'm afraid we shall have to trouble the young gent at least, before long, though. We'll wish you good night, sir.' And the posse took their departure, leading the prisoner in their midst. A long time passed before Starland could forget for even an hour the evil look that Slip- pery Jack cast at him as he sullenly turned to go, and as for poor Mr. Geoffreys, the man's pale dark face and diabolic glittering eyes haunted him for many a day. ' Well, it seems we have been entertaining an angel unawares,' remarked the old gentleman as he drew Starland's arm within his and led the way to the house. ' Yes, I fear poor Mrs. Geoffreys will be much distressed. I feel for her almost more than for Pauline—Miss Blake.' ' Well, I shan't reproach her, poor soul ; she's had a pretty good lesson this time. Come in, Dick, and I'll give you something to bring the colour back to your face. We'll not hear another word to - night, mind. Thank good- ness, your brothers are away.' Dick was regaled with sherry and lemonade, an unwonted treat, and despatched to bed, laden, before he reached his room, with good things from the cook, who waylaid him on the stairs to express in this substantial way the approbation of the household, for none of the servants had ever liked Mr. Lascelles. Starland would have said good night and taken his departure, feeling somewhat de trop in the collapsed state of the establishment ; but Mr. Geoffreys, feeling too disturbed to settle to any occupation, begged him to remain to keep him company, and accordingly the two sat down to discuss a little light refresh- ment. In the course of half an hour Mr. Geoffreys had ingeniously wormed himself into his young companion's confidence, and Starland stood con- fessed Pauline's rightful lover. So honest and manly were his words, and so genuine was the glow of love that beamed from behind the spec- tacles, that Mr. Geoffreys's heart was quite stirred within him. ' Rely upon me, my dear fellow,' he said, with most unwonted enthusiasm, as he warmly shook Starland's hand at parting—' rely upon me to do the best I can for you.' And Starland, too grateful for words, silently returned the grasp, and went home treading upon air. Mr. Geoffreys's ' best' was so very good that it had a wonderful effect upon Pauline, and, in- deed, upon the whole family. Even the boys refrained from teasing their step sister, and Mrs. Geoffreys recovered by degrees from the stupor of dismay and disappoint- ment into which she had fallen upon the dreadful discovery of Slippery Jack's identity. She even consented, by-and-by, to interest herself in the details of Pauline's happiness, and was, finally, quite reconciled to such a wretched match by the generous portion Mr. Geoffreys made over to his blushing fluttering step- daughter on her marriage-day. I was going to say that this is how the love story ended ; but, now I think of it, it was a story without an end. One fine evening in January, long afterwards, I saw a ridiculous couple arm in arm before me in a lane. They were evidently new-made sweethearts, and I was meditating whether I should continue my stroll to its termination (the beach), or turn back and leave them in peace, when, round an angle of the lane came flying a troop of fairies, as I thought, for they were all in white, with streaming golden hair bathed in the rosy light of the sunset: They undeceived me, however, in another moment by shouting, ' Here's father !— Here's mother !' in lusty tones suggestive of very healthy human children, not fairies at all, and they pro- ceeded to drag the pair of sweethearts through a little garden gate in the hedge. The whole merry party had disappeared before I reached the gate, though I could still hear their voices as I glanced through in passing it. The peep revealed to me a cottage, gay with flowering creepers, and a tennis-lawn. I wondered idly who lived there, and, meeting a man just then, I asked him. ' Professor Starland, sir,' he replied, and added as a little bit of information thrown in gratis : ' He's a nice gentleman, though so learned, as I oughter know, bein' their gardener, sir.' I felt that the comprehensive nature of this response merited half-a-crown, so I gave the man one, and passed on my way, musing. 