? BOWING NOTES. [BY BOATHOOK.1 The final races of the Jubilee Regatta take place on the Torrens Lake this afternoon. The preliminary heats were rowed on Thursday evening, and so far as can be seen at present the general form of the oarsmen is better than at last Spring Regatta. The Senior Fours Race (clinkers) should be a close contest between Poole's {A.R.C.1 crew and Clouston's (Port). For Junior Fours, Richardson's crew (Commercials) meets "Wood's (A.R.C.), and the latter will probibly find the dark-blues quite good enough. Richardson made a heavy bid for the Juniors a year ago against the Banks, and was separated from victory by 2 yards only. He rows better now, having in the meantime trained^ behind Mayes for the Ladies' Challenge Shield, and his crew are rowiog a longer stroke in better style. For the Maiden Fours the Norwoods have a verv strong crew, and in inriggei boats they should certainly carry their own. Their No. 3 rows for a beginner with good form and "devil," and. with great care and practice, should make one of our very best oarsmen. How is it some of our oarsmen are "giving up the ghost" halfway over the coarse, or ceasing rowing for a stroke or two during their race? Surely onr clubs are not sending ont men to represent them who are unable to row continuously for H miles at their racing pace. Every oar that rests prematurely lowers the reputation of its club for courage and determination. The public are hard clitics in these matters, and in watcbing two crews rowing what m^y be a desperate race with that apparent ease which good form gives mostly do not know that they are watching a contest second only in severity to the gladiatorial sets-to, though the latter are about on a par with cannibalism, inasmuch as they destroyed the stout hearts they made. Whatever may bo the merits of a crew over a long course, they know very well that here they bave to train for a short course over which the loss of one stroke ought to mean the loss of the race. With this westerly weather nearly all the record times should be reduced. The Victorian oarsmen are almost sure to knock down the fignre in the Senior Pairs. The two Gray sons row very prettily, but will probably be overmatched by the Bradleys. The Port Senior Four have been doing excellent work the last few evenings, with hard catch, good time and swing, and plenty of dash, and should break, or at least force Foole's crew (Adelaides) to break, the clinker record—6 min. 24-J sec. THE JUBILEE TORRENS REGATTA.—The final races of the Jubilee Regatta will be held on the Toirens Lake this afternoon. The preliminary heats were rowed on Thursday evening; and as the general form of the men is considered better than at the last Spring Regatta, some interesting contests may be looked for. 