The Limekiln Club. 'Dk ense of Bi-udder James Warren, of Miner Hill, Tenn , will be fust tooken up,' said Brother Gardner, as he oponed tho meet ing, and winked to Elder To_pts to push another empty herring box into tho 'stove. ' Brudder Warren claims dat ho am bewitched, an' ho has written to dis club to ask it to do sunthin' to driyo do evil sneerits away. It has got to sich a pass dat tho witches take liin olo mulo outor do ba'n at night an' lido him all ober do koutry, an' Brudder Wnrron feels spoerit hands passin' ober his face an' pullin' his ha'r o' nights. Dis club will do suuthin' fur him. If ho war a local member we'd cure him in about 10 ininits. As he am an honorary, an' fur away, we shall cross his name off do books and send him oflishul notis dat ho am a bounced mau. 'I hev repeatedly referred to dis mattor of superstishnn, an' if members can't bo en lightened doy can bo fired out. De day of ghosts, hobgoblins, an' witches has passod away, an' do cull'd man who can't bolfevo it has no biznes in dis club. Mobbo dar was a time when witches went chasm' 'round do kentry on an olo raw-boned mulo, ccarin' pooplo liulf to death an' lcavin' a trnil o' itah un' smoke, but tilings liov changed. Do wedder hain't right fur 'em now, an' tho porleoco giv 'em do collar an' sond 'em to do work house. ' Mebbo speerit hands hov bin laid on Brud der Warren, but I doubt it. I guoss Tennessee whisky had a good deal to do wid it. All o' you jiht listen to mo when I say (hit do fust complaint of speerit hands in Detroit will be followed by a sccno to mako somobody's heart acho! Bo keorful how unknown hands pull ycr ha'r. De member of dis club who sees a witch had better keep powerful quiet about it, or he'll bo turned ober to do Kickin' Committee to bo dealt wid. The seckretary will write to Brudder Warren dat v/o hev done suuthin' fur him, nil' notify our branches at Chattanooga an' Knoxvillo dat ho has bin fired.' Tho Chairman of tho Committee on Internal Harmony then announced his' readiness to re port on tho caso of Trustee Pullbuck v. Whale bone Howker. Tho two membere livo in ad joining cabins, and wero considered friends as well as neighbours until Trustee gave a mohv-ses candy pull and invited in a score of frionds and left Mr. and Mrs. Howkor at home to chow tho cud of reflection instead of his candy. Howkor uppeuled to the club, under by-law 98, defin ing1 fraternal feeling, and the ease had boon hanging fire several weeks. Tho chairman now reported : — ' Wo not only interviewed all do parties, but wo at-» somo of do candy. While wo would oncourogo a fraternal feelin' among mombors, an' while we believo dat mombers orter do mo' fur each odder dan fur outsiders, wo inns', drclar' our belief dat ono mombor am not obit eged to invito anodor mombor to do sunotity ob his homo. In disease Brudder PuUbaok knowed dat Brudder Howkor had soro oyes an' a bad cough, an' dat his wifo was hard o' benrin' un' jfjycu to do habit of gpittiu' on do stove. Dcir presence could not hov added to de eclat of do oocashun, an' it was fur bottor under do sarcumstances dat dey bo left out. Wo would, an' do unanimously, absolve Brud der Pullbaok from any ovil iutent.' On tho motion of tho Eov. Penstock tho ro port wub accepted. Ho said ho was glad tho ense had come up and been officially acted on, as ho lived iu tho midst of many members of the club, and had been greatly annoyed nt their interpretation of friendly feelings. Ho would lend a brothor momber a flat iron sooner than an outsider, but when it came down to giving a party ho should invito and leavo out whom ho pleased. Benevolent Asylum, Dunwioii. — Tho following is tho report of tho asylum for the week ending July !), 1887 : Ii- tho house at last report, 403 malos, G6 females ; since admitted,- 8 males ; returned from loavo, 8 males ; discharged 2 males ; absent on louvo, 4 males; totul,' 413 males, 06 fomalos. The medical superintendent acknowledges, with thanks, tho receipt of parcels of nowspaporB from tho Auditor-General, Messrs. Fiunoy, Isles, and the Eev. Mr. M'Pherson. A Telephone Tahs.— It was unfortunate that just as Smith had nuked Brown by tole phouo to dine with him, Brown's dog began to worry the cat ; for tho only reply thut Smith got was ' Shut up, you beast !' . CuAm.irv: ' Your noso and ohin aro coming very oloso together, grandpapa. They'll bogin fighting before long.' Grandpapa: 'I am afraid so myself, dear. A great many words havo passed between them nlready.' 'I sco in tho paper that tho new comotis visible to tho naked oyo,' said Amy to hor friend, tlio high e'ohopl girl. ' Would it not bo better to say it is visible to tho unolothed organ of vision?' gently suggested Mildred. . The Woman's Anthropological SooMyisan organisation at Washington composed of women whoso object is tho Btudy of man. It is an easy lesson for most womon, who did not find it necessary to organise, but engage a private tutor. SnoBT-LEQOED fowls fatten quiokly; long legs aro hard to fatten. . Thoso that ore first hatched fatten quickest in a brood. Sell as soon as : ohiokensoan bo got in condition. . . . y 