: ' I . , ... - - VICTORIA RACING CLUB. ' 1,1 \- :':i v . NEW- YEAR'S DAY MEETING1 from, our melbourne .correspondent1. !( ' ! . ,/ \- A perfectly lovely Now Years Day, eool, frpsh, brightly sunlit, .with sky -.unclouded, suit mild1 as a motlior's blessing, ushed in 1887 at ) Flpiuiiig: ton Racecourse, t Tho attendanco was not larco,! I should tlunk twolvo' thousand would covor it," bub to the public this rendered tlio cireumstaucufl the more enjoyable, while; to the, ,CJub with its) lai'go rovonuo it could not matter iriiieh.' 'lii'oifo was little display mado by the ladies, but tHo new and modest shades -wero in pink,, grey, lavender, pale, puce, many costumes, including parasols — these being ' on sute.' gavo tlio cos tumes' an exceptional tastefulnoss of appeorauco. Porsojially, I do Dot tliink I ever saw so many beautiful figures on a racecourse in my life, and though mmly of these limy havo been done to a recent 'mechanical device, with which moat of our fair fashionables are hy this time acquain ted, still that knowledge did not sport tho gene ral effect. His Exoolloiicy tho Governor and 1 suite ' came, and left early, and altogether tho day was a most enjoyable one. The- Standish Handicap. — A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 300 so vs. added. Second horse to receive 100 sovs. out of tho stakes. Three-quarters of a milo. ' -r IVilliani Toll ... ' (Olds) 1 -' Hogmanay ... ... .... (Power) ' 2 ' : )r - Koliai ... ... ... (Trahan) . 3 ' Air Watson got the 21 runners oil' to A fairly good start, William Toll/ Straight Shot, St. Louis, Mario LuUiso, The Ghost, and Don Giovan seeming to have the best of it. As they crossod the tan William Toll, near tho rails, began to show iii advanco of the field, Hogmanay being close up, and then Louise Bertu, Straight1 Shot, Manotti, and Shoot Anchor. William Tell anil Hogtnanay drow away from tho others as tlioy came into the straight, Harvester being at tho head of tho others, and then spread over a long distance, Pocahontas, St. Louis, Monotti, Kolmi, Straight Shot, and Coronet, Moonondali, And Marie Louise bringing up the rear. At the distance William Toll was seon to havo the race: in hand, and lie won ill tho end protty easily: from Hogmanay by a lorigtli nricV a half,-Kohni camo with a good rush At tho last; arid jut- third, place, beating Harvester. Theri :catne' Coronet, - St., Louis, Moiiotti, and Pocahontas, with Mooiiotidiih last. Titne.— 1 in in: ifej- sees. ... ...... The Nobmanjiy Stakes.— A swoopatakoa of 10 sovs.. with 400 sovs. added. For 2 years old. Colts, 8st 10 lb ; fillies, 8 at 7 lb. Five fur longs- i tlortonso - g Eseutcheou ... „ Bedouin ... Loyalist was very fractious at tho post, and delayed tho start a good deal. Liodertufel got away best, and took up the vunuing, followed by Perhaps and Ilortense. Before tho tan was reached Hdrtonse had gone to the front, Perhaps being eloso up, then Bedouin, with Loyalist und Escutoheou last. Bedouin had forgod to the front when tho course proper was reached, Perhaps anil Hdrtonse being together next ; then Liedertafol and Lord Allen. At the distance Ilortense assumed the load, and Coining away won as she liked by two lengths Without. ' lielng whipped, Escutcheon bouig second. Bedouin just beat Perhaps for third place,; Lord Allen aud Liedortafel oixtli. Loyalist being outpaced from tho jump. Time imiti 4sec. . , J., Hurdle Race,:— A Imudieap swoeptakea or n uiuD will, 9nn nrlrlnrl. About two IllileS. Blue . Mountain ... ' (Soobie) 1 .. Whalebone ... ... (Williams) 2 . Goodwood ... ... (Anderson) 3 " Louis went away with the Jeacl, followed by Bdiltiio Lad, BIuo Mounlaiu, atid Gdodwolid, Moolgtii being last away. Rounding tho turn into the straight, Louis was just in front of Blue Mountniu, 'then camo Goodwood, Bonnie Lad and Revenge. Passing the stand Blue Mountain showed threo lengths in advance of Botiitie Lad, AVlialebune, Louis, Tho Agent, GpodWi»od,;Re- vetigci and Moolgai following in the older ntiniod, Tiio horaoa were all in a cluster passing thp. abatr toirs, Bounio Lad just showing in advance of Blue Mountain, the pair coming away froim the others, at whoso head was LuuiB and Whalebono. Whalebone had got into tho front rounding the turn, and was first into tho straight-, but almost, immediately gave pliico to tho favoiirite, Good wood, Royenge, and The Ageitt being all close- up. Bind Mountain Was first over the' lhst ob stacle, and had no difficulty in getting home first,- notwithstanding n brilliant rush on tho :p«r(, of Wlialebotie, who ut the iihish, however, could got no nearer than ihi'oo lengths. Good wood just beat Revenge for third place, and then camo Bonnie Lad, The Agent, .and Louis_ Miiolda'i- was last nil -the wav. Time — 14-nlin.' 3J see. ' ; ' The - Bagot Handicap.— A Bwebpstalcea of? 10 . sovs:, with 1000 added-; second horse to re- "ceiv.e 200, 'and! the- third/100 'sovs: but- of; the |"stdke. ,' Oii6'!niile .'and ;ii' half and a yfiir- . .Tong." . ,- ? ? ...'? ' '' All Gold ' ... ...(Gorry) 1 . D»nn11 . i 2 Duration:. .;i- : ... i (Brown):: 3.:,. ' The start was. a. splendid one,, and for some time iioue of them 'showed ! prominent. The Colours ofiClaptrap and Boolka next tlio rails "were tho -first lo attract attention in tho van, arid passiug tho stand Camerine was in front, being?-elosey attondeil by All Gold, Meteor, The Nun, aud Britisher, with Commotion and Graco'Darling last. The Levito tooU a run to ilie front before tho abattoirs was reaehed, and riiad a lead of two leugths passing tho shedk;/ Metal having run into a prominent posi- tfon.i?/Air Gold assumed the lead at the dis tance, liud looked like winning easily, but Recall- Paiiro' with a great rush, und wus just beatenl by tnieok. Duration was a good third. Time — 2 min 531 sees. STEEPLiJbHASE.— A.' handicap -sweepstakes of 5 sovs, with 300 added. The second horso to receive 60 sovs, and. the third 25 sovs out of tho sthko. - About two miles aiid a half. ' ' Lizotto - - - ..-. ... (Batty) 1; Moonlight.';. . ...' (Alloii) 2 Liidy Ashtoii . "... ...(M'Ldod) '3 La'cly Asliton iodic up tlid ' running, followed by Curiosity, Letit-ia, Cptitirigeiit, anil. Lizetto. At tlie stoiie- walitlio" Ol-ilcr was— Lady Asliton, Cont'iligciib',::Lizette5 and Letitia, with MOon- li«lit last. Lady Asliton was four lengths in front o'f Curiosity lit' tlib Bhcds, a gap of two Inivftlis; sunaratinff tlio latter from Contingent, Moonlight and Salesman being last. Tho latter. 'baulked, "and Letitin followed fiuit. Lady Asliton led into the straight, being twenty lengths in front of Lizetto, with Contingent 50 lengths away. Lady ABhton fell at tho last of tlio treble, and Lizette took up the ruuniiig," aud at the river side hail assumed a lead of a' quarter of a mile of Contingent and Moonlight,' together, Lady Asliton, being re- lnouiifecl,' followed. Lizetto lod all the way round?, evbutually winuing by a hundred yardB from Moonlight, Liidy Asliton and Contingent, passing the post together a hundred and fifty yards away. Time— 5rniu 18 j-aec. The Ciuterion Stakes.— A handicap sweep stakes of 5 sovs., with 100 added. Three- quarters of a mile. Escutcheon (Ivemy) 1 /-Pingara .... ... (Turner) 2 '.Epicurinn (O'Brien) 3 .. Escutclieon got away among the first, and was at tho head of aflairs ctossing tho tan. From this out tli o New Zealandr had no difficulty in keeping in front, and won iu a canter. Time — 1 nun. 20$ soo." 