SWIMMING FOR'LIFE. Tlie gay, light-hearted throng who watched so closely the exciting race off Marbleheail re cently little'dreamed of tho tovriUe struggle for life which was being made by six men not five miles from the racecourse. So closely was the attention vivetted on the struggle between the great yachts that no one noticed the schooner yacht "Pelican" rounding Shag Rocks off Nahant. No one saw her keel over beneath a J sudden squall. Her disappearing caused no re mark, for all were cheering tho " Puritan as she passed the " Priscilla." Tho poor fellows were alone on tho slimy bottom of a yacht live miles from shore; five miles from help of any kind. Suddenly the uncertain support rolled heavily, and sank in sixty feet of water. The men were left struggling. in the water with nothing to sustain them. All were good swimmers, but the shore was far distant. The men thus thrown in such a pevilousfeituation were Hugh Donohoe, Thomas Crane, John Mc Greevey, William Cumin, Fred Recomendus, and Bernard McCormick. Donohoe was married, and was spurred on to do his utmost to reach land by the the thought of a wife and three little ones at home. All the others were un married, and lived in the same neighbourhood at East Boston. Currnn had been a diver nearly all his life, and through long use of the heavy armour had lost the strength of his legs. Re comendus had Vint one perfect hand, his right hand being badly deformed. Slowly the swim mers divested themselves of shoes and super fluous clothing, and started for the shore. Recomendus was the last to start. He tried vainly to untie his shoes, but owing to his de formity he was unable to do so. He was there fore obliged to swim encumborcd as he was. Donohoe had been the first to strike out, say ing as he did so, " Well, boys, I suppose we've got to swim for it." He held the lead for a short distance and then fell to the rear. Reco mendus and M'Connick wore soon the leaders. The choppy sea struck full in their faces and al most smothered them. Occasionally they looked behind and spoke encouragingly to those whose strength was beginning to give way. They had swam about a mile when Donohoe exclaimed : " My God ! I can't hold out any longer ! I've got to go !" There was a choking sound and he disappeared. Guvran was the next to go. Ho bade his comrades farewell and tried to encourage them to hold out until they were saved. Then he, too, sank. Only four were now left. Crane and M'Grecvey were far behind the others, and sank without making a sound; Tho shore was enly about miles distant but tho strength of the two brave swimmers was rapidly failing. They dare not look behind for their companions, but they felt instinctively that all the others had perished. Not a word was spoken by either. All their strength was stored up for the terrible struggle for life. Again and again were they obliged to gasp for breath after being struck by a blinding wave. At length they could make no further progress. Stunned, breathless, lialf-drowned, they lay upon the surface of tho ocean. They lind abandoned all hope, when they heard the welcome sound of a human voice. They were too for gone to respond. But they wero seen and saved. Two young men, whose tent was pitched on Ram Island, had gono out in a dory for a row. Providence ledtUem to where the two swimmers were struggling for life. They had not seen the accident nor did they see Recomendus until they wero nearly upon him. . Tenderly they pulled him over tho sido of tho boat and laid him upon the seats. He had strength enough to point to where his only surviving companion —M'Cormitk—was floating. He, too, was saved. The others had Ions? before sunk tn bottom. -Detroit Free Press. A Livb Church.—Tho Rev. De Witt Talmage speaking of this subject says:—One characteristic of such a church is punctuality in meeting its engagements. All ecclesiastical in stitutions hare financial relations, and they ought to meet their obligations just as certaiuly as men meet their obligations at the bank. When a church of God is not as faithful in its promises as the Bank of England it ceases to be a church of God. It ought to be understood that prayers cannot paint a church, and prayers cannot pay the winter's coal bill, and prayers cannot meet the insurance, and that while prayers can do a thousand things, there are a thousand things that prayers cannot do. Prayer for any' particular church will never reach heaven high unless it goes down pocket deep. In my church at the West there was a man of comfortable means who used to pray for his pastor in such elongated style that ho became a nuisance to the prayer- meeting ; asking God, in a prayer that was almost without ceasing, that the pastor might be blessed in his basket and in his store, while the fact was he never paid anything. Let me say, also, that there must be punctuality in the attendance on the house of the Lord. In some churches I have noticed the ! people are always tardy. There are some people who are always late. They were born too late, and tho probability is they will die too late. The rustling of dresses up tho aisle and the slamming of doors and the treading of heavy feet is poor inspiration for a minister. It require great abstraction in a pastor's mind to proceed with the preliminary exercises of the church when one-half of the audience seated are looking around to see the other half come in. .Such a difference of attendance upon the house of God may be a difference of time-pieces ; but the live church of which lam speaking ought to go by railroad time, and that is pretty well understood in all our communities. Hamlet's Age.—Mr. Wilson Barrett, the emi nent English actor, says: —"1 differ as to the age of Hamlet from a great many people—or rather, I did differ, for now I have won most of my op ponents over to my way of thinking. I say that Hamlet is in his minority, and I have the proofs in Shakespeare's own words, not only in one instance, but in continually recurring cases. Horatio, who is himself a young man and a student, alludes to him in the first scene of the play as youug Hamlet. The King in speaking to him says, * For your intent, in going hack to school.' Laertes also was a young man, in warning his sister against Hamlet, and caution ing her not to put her trust in his love, speaks of nis love as ' a violet in the youth of primy nature, forward, not permanent.' The Ghost says : —' Freeze thy young blood, and know, thou noble youth.' In the second act Hamlet himself speaks to his own companions, Rosen crantz and Guildenstcrn, and appeals to them • by the constancy of ouv youth.' The internal evidence of the play itself is quite consistent with my theory. Why, if Hamlet is of age, is he not on the throne 