CRICKET. -J BOYLIE AND Scorr's CuP. Ormond v Queensberry. Tie above 1 match was continued lut Saturday in the 1 Royal Park in the presence of about 1,000 spectators. The not ont men of the previos Saturday,T Buncle andChristian, a resumed their places at the wickets to the bowling of Letch-r and Keys. The e Queenasbrry were very soon in trouble, as t Buncle was caught by Armstrong in the Sslips of Key's second hall. 2-1-7. Clristian and Fallshaw.-Fallshaw was next, and just managed to play the rest I of the over. IP Key's next over Christian I was well caught by J. Keys (who was fielding as substitute for Perkins) in the long field for a well made 9, the score standing at 3-9-12. Wal.Johnston and Fallsbaw.-Johnston was the next to partner Fallshaw, and the play for an over or so became very slow; but JIlhnstone was not allowed to remain long at the wickets, being clean bowled by Letcher for nothing. 4-0-12. Skinner and Fallshaw.-The new comer was clean bowled by Letcher's first ball for a duck. 5-0-12. A. Buncle and Fallshaw.-A. Buncle came in next, and slow play was the order of the day, the scorers hardly having anything to do. When the total had reached 25, of which A. Buncle had made 8, ho was well caught by Rains off Keys. 6-8-25. The chances of the Queenaberrylooked very bad indeed, while the faces of the Ormnd supporters were beaming with aiiles. Chrystal and Fall. shaw.--Chrystal was the next man in, and after making a few eingles, wan clean bowled by Letcher for 4. 7-4-30. Uowlett and Fallshaw.-Howlett filled the vacancy caused by Chrystal's retire ment, and placed L-tcler's first ball in the slips nicely for tIno, and after making : I two more singles, lie asccumbed to one of ILetcher's fast ones. 8-4-36. Bailey Sand Fallshaw.--Biley was next and with h Fallshaw's assistance managed to bring the score up to £2, when the former was splendidly caught by Keys ofE his own bowling. This was' one of the finest Scatches ever seen in the Park. 9-4-42. Bickford and Fallshaw,-Bickford was last man in, anil made 4 in very good style, when Letcher brought the innings to a close by clean bowling him, the total reaching i1 exactly half the Ormond a score. - Letcher and Keys'were simply unplayable, the former securing 6 for 25 and the latter 4 fur 19. Fallshaw carried Sout his bat for a very fair innings of 13, made in his usual style, Anderson'and Keys were the first representatives for the Ormond, the former taking strike to Chrystal. Both batsmen commenced in real earnest. The tens mounted up very Squickly which meant several changes in i the bowling, but all to no purpose, as when time was called the total war 59 without the loss of a wicket. Anderson's 36 not out was the theme of admiration, , and he was loudly applauded on returning Sto the camp. Keys still keeps up his reputation of being one of the best bats in the Club this season, and his score of 18 not out was made in grand style. On resuming play, the not out men of the Sprevious Saturday (Anderson 36 and Keys S18) took their places at the wickets to the bowling of Fallahaw and Bickford. In his second over Fallshaw bowlel Keys without adding to his score. 1-18-61. Glasscock and Anderson.-Glasacock was the next man in, and with Anderson made Smatters lively for a timb, sending 70 up. SWith the score at 75, the latter was easily caught by Fallshaw off his own bowling through trying to make a big hit against the wind. His cricket was almost fault less, and his runs were made without a single chance. 2-43-75. Rains and Glasscock.-Rains took his place at the wickets, and the scoring became . little slower, Glasscock making most of the runs. Rains obtained three singles, and th. t- - l h wu allowed to make, as Bickford found a weak spot in his defence Sand clean howled him. --3-.85. Arm Sstrong and Glasscook.-Arnmtrong took ! the vacant wicket, and commenced opera tions by sending Bickford to leg for three, a Glasscock following up with a back cut for y two and three sending 90 up. With the s core at exactly 100, the latter was caught Sin the slips off Buncle, who had taken SBickford's place, for an excellent innings of 23. 4-3-100. Fox and Armstrong. a -Fox partnered Armstrong, but soon . after the latter was badly injured and had '; to retire for a while, Letcler filling the vacancy. The scoring from this part of Sthe game becanm very fast, and at 115 Letcher was bowled by 4. Buncle for a very gqod innings of 8. 5--115. Armstrong, having recovered, took his place at the wickets, and began by send. ing Bilncle grandly for 5. Then Pox sent Chrystal to leg for four, another very fine Shit, which meant a dl)qble change in the a bowling. T. Buncle and Fallshaw went on, but still the runs came very fast, and Sit was not until 140 was up that a separa tion took place by Bailey catching Fox off Fallhaw. The retiring batsman made 16 Sby good cricket. Cayner and Armstrong. -GCayser was last man in as Drape, Delanoy, and Perkins wore absent. Cayzer, after making four, had the misfortune of Splaying Fallshaw on to his wicket, the innings closing for 147, leaving the SQueensberry 199 to win. Armstrong car. a ried out his bat for 21 made in magnificent ' style, and without giving a ghost of a Schance. Fallshaw bowled exceedingly i well, obtaining 4 wickets for 18 runs off ' . balls. The match sill be resumed next Saturday. The following are the full scores: Ormond 1st innings ... 102 ORMOND 2ND IHINoGS. SKeys, b Fallshaw ... 18 Anderson, c and b Fallshaw 43 Glasscock, c Chrystal, b , Bnncle 23 Raines, b Bickford ... . Armstrong, not out .", 21 SFox, c Bailey, b Fallahaw,,, 16 i Letcher, b A. Buncle .,, 8 Cayzer, b Fallshaw ..,,. 4 Drape, absent ... . 0 Perkins, do ... ... Delaney, do ... ... 0 Sundries .,, ... - * 11 Total.... ... ..... 147 Qnusanaaar-lsTriN.as:s." -' Will Johnston b Letcher ,,.. 0 Christian, c Keys, b Keys... 9 Bungle T., c Armstrong, b Keys 1 Ballshaw, pot omt... ... -13 Wal. Johnston, b 'etbher. . Skinner, b Letcher ., BnnCIe A4.. o -:-.' ':- 8 .lta 'let, • i lis. r . ..... 4 Bailey, o and b Keys' ... i, Bickford, b Lethoer ' ., 4 Sundries ... ..'. 4 I Total... .. -.. . 51 The above match was concluded last Saturday, the Ormond winning by 155 .runs. 