Our Paris Letter. [niOlI OTO OWN OOBBKBPONDENT. I Patus, April 9. These is no reason why romancers ought not to have a 'go' at divining tho political future of Europe, as well as owl-oyed states men, dricd-up diploma -.ists, cobblers, andvillago politicians. It ia thus that the Austrian novelist, Saeher Masoeh, an 'Ebrew .Tow, claims to have tho key to the enigma, why Germany hesitates to attack either Russia or Franco. Tho old emperor is an violator, ho worships tho associa tion of three pictures ; one, whoro he is repre sented visiting his mamma's tomb, Queen Louisa of Prussia, before setting out for tlio 1S70-71 campaign ; second, Napoleon I. and Queen Louisa after tho dofeat of Jena ; and third, the picture of Kaiser William and Napoleon III. after Sedan. These three paintings symbolise in a way, the last will and testament of Queen Louise, for it, too has its legends like its predecessor, Peter the Great's, which some authorities assert never existed, and is a practical joke per petrated by tho First Napoleon to crack up peoples against czars, whether white or red. Emperor AVillinm, according to M. Masooh, was deeply attached to hie mother, as is every good lad,' not forgetting the French. Tho crushing victories of Jena, a little Sedan, of Eylnu, and Fricdlaud, caused the collapse of Prussia, and broke the Queen's heart. Further Napoleon did not spare any humiliation to Her Majesty. She expired anathematising — the cdiqucrcd rarely bless — the victors,' upbraid ing Austria for having abandoned tho Prussian Kingdom, which Frederick tho Great i-arved in part out of Austria, and in blessing tho Mus covite for, by the interviews at Niemcii, doing all that was possible to save the Hohcnxollom crown.) The Queen left, as a dying injunction to her children, the rehabliation of their kingdom, tho chastisement of Austria and the nethermost Hmlcs of humiliation for France. Hence why the present Emperor vowed, as if by the hump of the holy camel, or all the hairs in the briird of the prophet,' to revenge his mother. This explains Sadown and Sedan. Mauy Ihink these conclusive events were not duo to fmpiror William's platform policy of revenge, but to a concatenation of political chances and blunders, which Prince Bisimmtk had the genius to foresee and the iron will to form, against the most, headstrong even of all his adversaries — the Emperor himself. Pity her Majesty did not live a decade more. Phe would have witnessed the uprising of Russia 111 1812 ; ot her own subjects in 1513. She might then have heard the hipping of tho waters of the Beresina shrouding hecatombs of warriors ; havo witnessed the glare of the conflagration of Moscow, and beheld tho whole sale massacring at Leipsic, where force was demonstrated to be a perfect euro. She could have gloated like an irritated sultana at the adicu'to the old guard at Fontainebleau ; at the great tickct-of -leave man at Elba: at the Imperial recidivist at Waterloo ; and tho last act of the tragedy at St. Helena. Surely such punishment, such sacrifices, ought to laj- the mimes of Queen Louisa and satisfy her sons, without calling in the Eiiuiunides to perform further vengeance at Sadowa and Sedan. Rcfonn bills, not punishment, it seems, are only final in this world. M. Masoeh con cludes that the Emperor, having accomplished the mission leagued to him by his mother, lias got no more work to do. Frame will not be attacked— Boulangcr, as well as Queen Louisa's wishes, counts for something in the reticence of Germany, and, of .voiirso, Russia will not, she being regarded u« a vessel of grace. Clearly Her Majesty's ghost was not satisfied with tho collapse of France in 181 j. since it hud to bo done again in 1871. Can M. Masoch assure the world she rests easy in her marble tomb even now at Chnrlottenburg ': If not, will the Society of Psychical Reseach tell us? An nnsibyllne reply might save brains from being knocked out ; or what is worse, purses emptied, and even put a break on that ' old man in a hurry,' Mr. Maxim, and the bringing out of his infant cannon, firing 11 2,210-pounder eight miles four times a minute. All eyes are still kept on Russia. 'Will the Czar blow up Bulgaria, Turkey, or British India before the Nihilists project His Majesty into space f The odds are in favour of the anarchists, who, it they have nothing in their pockets, have something in their heads. Opiaionfenif wurisimminont, because tho treaty lsrtwcen the thrco Emperors has expired. No treaty ever was signed, sealed, or delivered : the autumnal innucuiivres of the crowned heads were only big palavers, where minutes are no more (aken than at Cabinet Council meetings. It is the empress, more so thim her husband, wi o is nervous — worn by all the attempts at assassination, and the extraordinary precau tions taken at Gatchiua to make his Majesty death-proof. Gatchina is six miles from St. Petersburg ; it is neither a Windsor, a Ver sailles, a Potsdam, nor a Schocubrunn. It is a plain, three-storied building, with a tower at each corner, originally erected by Peter the Great for his sister, then presented by the .Em press Catherine to Prince Orloff, her favourite, and later purchased by tho Crown for an oc casional restincr place for royalty. The Emperor Nicholas converted it into a kennel, and the Gatchina breed of dogs is as famous us Orloff horses. Gatchina is situated in tho centre of an Aldershot cam]) ; next, surrounded with a walled-in forest, tho inner circle being the enclosed minims and pleasure grounds. Around tho forest, walls aro links of sentries 30 yards apart, and changed every hour. No person is allowed to approach the castle without being well examined; the servants even are supplied with admission cards, which arc changed weekly. Inside the castle no room or other doors are allowed to be locked either day or night, and the governor of the palace, as well as the detectives' superintendent, havo tho right to visit every room when they please. The Czar likes lonely promenades, fishing, boating, and shooting. When ho ventures abroad the de tectives follow him, and aro sometimes shot in mistake for nihilists. To induce her husband not to stir out tho empress has had constructed two e-xtensive underground galleries or cloisters for his promenades. And all these superlative precautions to protect a ruler against 100,000,000 of subjects. How ho must envy Presidents Grevy and Cleveland. The one-man power is not synonymous withhappiness. 'All around mo sleep,' exclaimed tho poet Neg danoft' ; there aro two exceptions, the nihilists and the postal authorities who open all corre spondence without ceremony. But tho Cabinet jVcnV is not wholly dishonest, a relic of the nugel in man is left, for after tho slips touching on the political condition of Russia are ex tracted, the private letter is allowed to pass out of quarantine. Franco can boast of hor sleeping commercial traveller, Chnuffnt, at London, and England of her sleeping admiral at Cannes. Britons wcro prepared for hcop-iron cutlasses, iron clads to turn turtle, cannons to explotlo before ?rain,? off, &c;, but no fellow ever anticipated Rip Van Winkle admirals save in Switzerland. Sir 'J homas Brown said had ho a choict ho would prefer to study only in his dreams, and when iu that state also to say his prayers. Perhaps the Duko of Edinburgh acted on this hypnotic snagCLtion. Drako on ono occasion, too, was asleep at a critical moment; the captain rushed into the admiral's cuhiu, in foi med him the Frenchmen were bearinsr down on their ship, which was isolated, nnd asked for instructions. ' Get closo to them, givo them broadsides, nnd when all is over call me.' Rather thnn disturb Surajah Dowlah in his 40 winks, 123 English were suffo cated in the Black Hole of. Calcutta. Happily, England oijy suffers tho humiliation of discourtesy from tho.royal snoring. It is singular that during the recent earthquake at Cannes, tho Prince of Wales deolined to be reused out of his bed. What a Sleepy Hollow tho Riviera muBt bo. Clearly tho English fleet did not keep a sharp lookout, cither from the mast-head, or tho brow's nest, or thoy would havo seen tho French Bhips, ordered specially from Toulon to go and saluto Queon Victoria at Cannes, bearing down, nnd report the faot to the ('lumbering salt. -.Tho English fleet, the first to arrivo before Cunnos, ab stuincd from saluting, as . tho heavy .guns might start, Bay, another earthquake. And when the Froncli floet hovo to, and thundered their 21 shots, tho royal ad miral 'Was still ' doing coma. The oxcuso of having no powder belongs to tho olass of etoriei) only fit ;to 'tell to the marines,' ,. As well tell a gentleman;who. takes off his hat to salute yon, that you cannot return tho polite ness because your hat ia in its bandbox. When, Hinry IV. compelled tho Spaniards to raise thj siogo of Peronne, tho .mayor and corporation como to expreBathcir grutiludo to His Majesty, and at tho sumo time their profound rogret at - not being able, for 10 reasons, to fire a royal salute. ' ' First,' said the mayor, ' ' wo have no gunpowder.' 'That Buffices,' retorted the witty king, 'I accept tho remaining 15 excusos in advance.' Tho French havo displayed thoir usual instinctive tact and delicate eourtesv, iii preseiico of tho unintentional slights inflicted on them by tho somniferous bungling of tho English ndiniral. Perhaps .. out of evil will come good ; tho ill-requited courtesy of France to England's sovereign, will enable tho Eng lish to take tho 'cud in softening tho unhappy asperities too long existing betwoon tho two liberal nations. It would bo well also, when the Lords of tho Admiralty aro ro-muking the Navy, to givo a Nelson open cyo to reform also the admirals. Rank does not imply a monopoly of common sense. Those who brought the charge against Prnuziui, of having committed tho triple murder in the Rue Montaigue, havo not made a single step to connect him with tho actual commission of the crime. Opinion continues excitedly indignant at tho inability of the police to clear up the mystery. This is not to be wondered at, considering tho long roll of undiscovered assassinations. At Neitilly a penny gaif exhibits a man, who boasts having inhabited Paris since 1S7'*, and having not only escaped with his watch, for which ho than'is Providence, but with his life, due to never going beyond the Boulevard dus Italieus. This ?'?Methuselah of tho Seine' claims to bo ranked among tho bravest of the bravo, as during '-tio nights per annum, he ran the risk of being ' removed.' He adds, tho safest plan to escape being molested by the police is to commit a murder. This is rough on the blues. A 'noble' viscount lately married to tho daughter of a wealthy fabneaut, in order to ' manure his title,' discovered before tho honeymoon was half expired, that ho had caught, besides one of Venus's turtle doves— a tartar. Tho bride had nil her money settled on herself, a prudence worthy tho united counsel of the seven sagos. Tho viscount was in a fair way of pecuniarily bleeding his wifo «' btanc. A Jew days ago, she put her foot down on tho system of forced loans, the husband then accused her of having suspicious lovo letters in her strong box, and made a rush to seize them, which were only bank notes in envelopes. The wile at once solved the right of the husband to pry into a wife's private letters, by plunging her poignard into his back and head. The servants rushed to separate Romeo and Juliet, called in the police, and tho family quarrel ended by the locking up of both belligerents. A wrinkle for members of Parliament, who believe their plighted political f lith, to bo on a par with piecrusts — M. Casse, is ono of tho III! deputies for Paris ; Baffier is a sculptor, and the chairman of his electoral committee. He called on the 9th December last to seo M. Casso in the lobby of the Chamber, and when in pre sence of his once true blue, endeavoured to break a cauo sword on him for having broken his political promises. The jury has acquitted Battier. The idea of having a bravo to keep representatives of the nation consistent, is at least a new idea. Paris swarms with every kind of leagues, from the patriotic, which acts on Bismarck like n nightmare, down to the anti-landlord league — no connection with Ireland's.. The members of flu; Anti-landlord Union have for their aim to diddle the owners of houses out of their rents by aiding tenants to take French leave. .in iicianu me league wisnes to mane tenants take not. Nations', like tastes, ditfer. A Bob Sawyer, as a member, applied to the landlord fleeccrs for help. Ten members rcspmided to the appeal. They brought a handcart. One carried awav from Bob's room, at. midnight, a ti unk, another a table, a third a mattress, ku. When all the penates were piled on the cart, the band of brothers vunMied, save two, who remained to pull the vehicle. P-ob invited these to join in a drink and a short smoking party, to laugh over the self-eviction. Mean while the cart was before the door. Later, when they went into the street, the cart had disappeared. The two men volunteered to seek the police, but have not yet returned. Next morning the medical student received a nole. infoimiiig him that the anarchists held goods in common, and his chattels had been estreated. Bob has resigned membership of the league. Charles Leroux was tho best known msn in the clubs and gambling h uses of Paris. Originally he was waiter in 11 tavern, and was glad io receive the customary four sous gratuity from clients. He rose to acting as banker for an hour to players: ho lent 500 francs for a game, nnd in halt' an hour was repaid 000 francs. He became so rich as to be able to have castles, town houses, se.t side viiJns, a picture gallery, carriages, ana a stablo with 12 horses'. He dined off ' tlio plate to bo often washed :' ho had two valets, and when he travelled, he had his own physician — like a sovereign. He. hael for mistress a real princess. His fortune collapsed with the bail limes. His mind could not support tho seven years of famine, after the seven years of plenty, and he is now in an asylum cell. 