CHAPTER IV. From that'tiino a chango came over Os car Bont, Ho did not coivso his visits to Hawksnost, or^show'any diftorcnt feelings to Myra, Bave that ho was less attentive than of yore, but more courteous in his demeanour whon they mot. Tho change lay in his general mode of action. Hither to ho had noen tho prince of idlers, now ho bocamo vigorously active. Swimming, boating, and fishing became his solo study. An old fisherman, who lived alone amongst tlio crags of Mount Tangahiti and who know every shoal and rock along'tho coast, was tho young fellow's coach and tutor, and ho found in Oscar a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to note the chango in him. His present mode of living conveyed tho impression to her womanly soul, a deep and lasting regret for his misconduct, and not that alono, but this very distraction from hiB previous pursuits appeared only as a means whoroby lio sought to forgot his love. If such was tho case, Oscar had succeodedjto'perfection, for tho girl readily forgavo him and roturned to her old ways in his company. ; Tho chango had its ofl'oct also upon Myra's father and his friend. By degrees tho projndico felt by those twain against him molted away. Ho was so hearty and genial to both, that, thinking they had hastily misjudged tho man, they woro all tho more ready to oxtond the hand of friendship. - Meanwhile, Myra and|Harry woro drawn togothor, with tho inevitable result. Their hearts had long beat in sympathy, and their lips could not withold the secret. He pro posed in his honest, straightforward fash ion, and was accoptod. Sho lovod him, and why should she bo prudish and assumo a doubt when no doubt existed ? So sho said, " Yesi" and there was groat rojoic ing at Hawksnest. . Oscar BentVas very warm , in! his con gratulation. " Ho told Myra that ho was pleased at her choice in spite of what had happened, and to Harry lie said that of all mon in New Zealand, lie would haye chosen hi in to marry his " sister iMyra." Harry thanked him and replied that ho would endeavor to make her happy. Ho purchasod a block of land noar tho villa, and gave orders for tho erection of insub stantial dwelling thereon. As Oscar showed some architectural tasto, ho was often consulted about the work going on. Ho gave his advice ohoorfully ana'seemed anxious about the house as if it had been his own. . ; • While all these preparations were going forward, Oscar and Harry spent much of tho time togothor in the former's sailing boat, cruising about the rocky coast. Harry was very fond of tho water, and Oscar's cuttor was a . wonder in tho way of boat building. . It wanted just a wook to tho all import ant day, thathvas to seo Myra and Harry man and wife, when Oscar and Maydalo went out for a day's sail. It was a lato autumn day, rather cold, with,a chopping wind knocking about tho sea. Tom Wildeloye holpod them to got the boat ready, and auvisod them to keep woll in shore. " Thoro is no knowing what such a morn ing may bring forth in the way of a gale ore night," ho said. "Wo.aro not going far, sir," answered Oscar; then turnmg! to Harry he- added* " If you think there's' anything to fear; pray don't go," Harry laughed. \ " I'vo boon used, to a rough life, anfl thoreforo don't mind rough weather. Be sides you can manage your boat to perfec tion. "No man bettor, I'll go bail,"-ejacu lated Jaok Cod, tho old fisherman, who stood by, smoking a short black cutty. ' They ran tho boat down and leaped in as sho shot into the sea.. Tho squaro main sail and forosair were set, with a roof in the former, and Oscar took tho holm. " I think wo will run out by tho Tanga Reef, wo get less wind there," ho said. "I understood the Tahga rooks wore dangerous," replied Harry. , 44To those who havonot studied; them, no doubt thoy aro," responded Iub com panion, "but thoro is no real pleasure without a trifle of danger to give it zest. •I know overy foot of this coast, and 'can, sail within pistol shot of tho roof. ' You shall seo." As the boat got oiifc into tho trough of tho short wavoa he waB in high spirits, and his mannor was moro like that of a school boy lot loose for a holiday than a man out for an hour's enjoyment. " You are gay this morning, Oscar.'! "Very gay, my friend You shall wit ness aomo fino sailing this day, if tho. wind only holds." •'It will hold, I think." " I hopo so. Beside I have a surprise in storo for you, Maydale." "What is it?" " You shall seo presently." Tho Tanga rooks lay about two miles and a half to tho east of the cliff at Eldonbury, and thoy wero worthy of boing termed dangerous. Black in appearance, and fatal to any vessol, large or small, that chanco might caBt in thoir vicinity. At high tide they peeped no more than n few feet above tho waves on a calm day, arid when tho wind was high, foam nlone marked their whereabouts. At'low tide they wero still surrounded 1 by water, for they wero ugly, razor- bneked masses of stone, that had their foundation in tho sand full iifty fathoms down. On this day, and at tho hour tho boat started, tho tide was almost nt its highest point, and nothing but foam about them could bo seen. As they drew nearor, Ilarry, who had somo littlo knowledge of seamanship, saw that the 'place presented 0110 hugo bar of whilo curling breakers in front, and to right and. lcft'of|thom, with not so much ns tho ghost "of a passago for tho boat, which was now madly plunging right in amongstjthom. ••It is madness to attempt a passage thoro. ho Bhouted. " Put up tlio helm 1" " You coward, bo quiet," cried his com panion, laughing hoarsely. " I toldjyou I was going to surpriso you, so 1 am. ( " Put up your helm, or by the " Do you threaten me, andJieref" in terrupted 03car, with an oath, his fiico suddenly assuming tho forocity of a tiger cat. ' ' , Harry saw tho change, and know what it meant. Ho had seen many dangerous men during his wanderings, and ho saw that ho had ono to doal with now. " H—11 eoizo you,", yelled tho. now in furiated Oscar. ;" Keep back from mo. Tho sight of you is poison to my bouI. -For months I'vo played my gamo and fooled you all. I've brought you to your fato, and yonder white-faced cat at homo may mow for your coming until the trump of doom." ' Boforo ho could uttor anothor word, Harry throw himself upon him, and a fu rious struggle took placo for tho posses sion of tho tiller. They woro both strong men, ono with a latent devil in him fight ing for revongo, tho other battling for his life. Do all ho could, Harry Maydalo could not movo his antagonist from his grip of tho holm, until tho frail vessel crashed upon tho rocks. "Hurrah ! This shall bo your wodding day," shrieked Oscar, and tho next moment tho soa and rocks rent tho craft to picces, and both men wont down. They woro looked togothor as tho waves cast them up again to tho surface, and Oscar, being noarest'to tho sharp-cutting roofs, received a cruel blow, which in stantly causod him to roloaso his hold upon his rival. 1 i Harry was a strong swimmer, but ho was half stunned, and blinded by the spray. Ho folt that tho chances of escape' woro small, but tho thought of Myra norved him to mako tho offort. How long ho fought with tho whirling oddies, and tho seething cauldron into which ho had boon cast, ho never could estimate. A mau will fight hard for his life, and especially a man on tho ovo .of being married. After much buffoting, and when his strength was woll-riigh gone, Harry Maydalo found himself in smoothor water. Even hero ho was tossed and tumbled about like a worthless cork, until suddenly a far-off voice reached his oars— "Ahoy, mato I This way;" and the exhausted swimmer know it was tho voice of Jack God, tho fisherman. By-and-by a boat approached, and a ropo was oast close to him, which ho seized and hold. " I saw your danger, my lad, • and put out after ye," cried tho old salt, ns ho hauled Harry into tho smack. "But,! say what has becomd of Mr.' Oscar ?" i ; " Whoro is lie ?" gasped Harry. ; Thoro was a pause for a moment,' and then Jack cried out— " Ah,- thoro ho is, in tho whirlpool of the Tanga I" • " Steer for him. Fifty, pounds, if you. save him !" ; ; '/ ' ' ■ .'; 1'! Tho fisherman stoerod, but it was too lato. Oscar Bont, like his antagonist, was completely exhausted. J.ust at tho moment-when ho saiv liis hated rival safe in tho boat, a huge wavo liftod him bodily, up, and dashed hinva mangled corpso on tho roof. ;; ,. T " A dangorous man, Harry. You had a narrow squeak for it,: boy," said Tom Wildolovo. < I had indoed, sir," said tho young fellow, dofling liis hat, with a. fooling of rovoronco ana gratitude, i . V J ; ,.u Tho two. woro .walking tholittlo garden path boforo tho villa, a wook after tho tragic affair, at tlio Tanga rocks.. ;" It was wise of you to koop tho affair to yourself, Harry.'! „ , ''-['ii I "Ayo, sir. Bettor boar it than lot Myra know yhat was hiddon in hor old playmate." ; " To be sure,''lad; Your wedding will have to bo postponed for throo months; that will be a trial." " Porliaps, sir." ' And' so it was sottlod. Only two mon in' Eldonbury know tho secret of thot ; catastrophe at tho Tanga Roof. , • 