Chapter III. — {Jond:m.as. The boat rocked backwards and forwards to the gondolier's circling oar, the shadows danced a delicious contredanse. Splash gentle rur. rise domes and snires uDon the vault. sing voices calling along the water, stream 1 golden suns reflected there. The gondola flies down a noisy side street towards an open place where the canals diverge ; the shadows part, and tire is stream ing from the tumultuous water. Aheu ! cry the gondoliers : for a moment all L- swinging confusion ; then the flashing boats and the heavy-laden barges raaVe way before her' Ex cellency's gondola, and it glides on once more. Her Excellency, the English Ambassadress, leans back among her -cushions, looking out languidly ; the lights flash from the upper windows of the tall palaces, balconies start over head marked upon the sky. Now it is a palace to let, with wooden shu'ters swinging in shadow ; now they pass the yawning vaults of great warehouses piled with saffron and crim son dyes, where barges are moored and work men straining at the rolling barrels. The Ambassadress looks up ' they are passing the great brown wall ot some garden terrace ; a garland has crept over the brick, and droops almost to the water ; one little spray encircles a rusty ring hanging there with its shadow. A figure comes and looks over the wall — a man with a handsome dark cut face, plain on powdered hair, a morning dress. He bows low from his terrrace walk, looking with a grave unmoved face. The Ambassadress smiles and kisses her pretty loosely-gloved fingers. ' That is a new friend -of my lord's, M. le Comte de Horn,' she says, smiling to her companion, who looks up in turn at the head against .the sky. Angelica wonders where she has seen that dark head before ; then she remembers that it was in the gallery scare an hour ago. She is a little shy, but quite com posed as she leans lightly back in her place by the great lady : her stuff dress looks somewhat out of keeping with the splendid equipage where the carpets are Persian and the cushions are covered with silver damask, and the very awnings are of soft flame-coloured silk. They have been put up by the Ambassadress's order, in place of the black hood which oppressed her, for she loves light and air and liberty. Now they touch palace walls, and with a hollow jar start off once more. Now comes a snatch of song through an old archway ; here are boats and voices, the gondolier's earrings twinkle in the sun, here are vine wreaths, and steps where children, those untiring spectators of life, are clustering ; more barges with heavy fruit and golden treasure go by. A little brown-faced boy is lying with his brown legs in the sun on the very edge of a barge, dreaming over into the green water ; he lazily raises his head to look, and falls back again ; now a black boat passes |like a ghost, its slender points -start upwards in a line with the curve of yonder spire ; now it is out of all this swing of shadow and confusion they cross a broad sweet breadth of sunlight, and come into the Grand Canal. A handsome young couple are gliding by, and look up in admiration at the beautiful lady. She sits, beautiful in glistening grey and falling lace, with feathery soft lines of ornament, with a diamond aigrette shining in her powdered hair — dignified, conscious. No wonder the young couple are dazzled, that the dark-faced man looks out from the terrace wall, that the girl sitting by the lady's side is be witched by all that grace, beauty, and kindness. It comes as a revelation to her, and seems to illumine all the beauty of this new world in which she finds herself for the first time awakened to life somehow by some inner call, by some loving revelation of the eyes and the imagination. The Ambassadress made Angelica answer a hundred questions about her life and her work as they went along. She was perfectly charm ing in her manner, full of interest and kindness, bat her questions were almost more than Angelica cared to answer. She told herself that with one so kind, so beautiful, she need have no reserve, and yet other people fbmd it difficult at times to be quite natural and unre served with this great lady. _ By degrees, as the conversation went on, the girl fe!t some curious, anxious, restlessinfluence, upon her nerves. She could hardly define it, nor why she was at once more and more charmed and agitated by the beautiful stranger. She was not the first who had experienced this curious impression. /Lady W. meanwhilecon tinues her questions ; ' Was that her father ?' and 'Was that young man a relation?' ' Had she a mother?' ' I have a dead mother, 'said Angelica, with ivciyflKctapreswB; 'bctnuwwutteofc ..ucin. We used to live at Coire. by the side if the stream ; her bedroom- wind jw hung over he water, and she used to hold my hand, and et me lean out as far as possible. We were ?ery poor, though, and my fathercou'.dnotget -n ; he found work at Monbegno, and we all vent away. I cried when I left my home and :he terrace-garden, and my mother wiped my :ears with her apron, and kissed my hands. She used to teach me, and keep me with her dways. 1 never left her till she left me— that rots nearly five years ago,' said Angelica, very softly. ' She was very beautiful ; I have never seen any one like her. To-day, when you spoke to me, I was thinking that Titian's Madonna had something of her.' ' And who is your dark friend ?' said Lady W., who had lost the thread for a moment. ' Are you engaged to be married ?' _ - Angelica shook her head. ' I am married to my brush,' she said gaily; 'I want no other husband. Before I came here I sometimes thought there might be other things in life ; but when I see these glorioas works, which seem to me to surpass eren the Caracas in magnificent compositions, I feel that it is as nuch as mv poor sout can giaap She pushed back her thick curls as she spoke, tnd looked up— an eager young spirit longing o take flight— over-trained, over-stimulated by Jraise ? by a sense of enthusiastic responsibility jerhaps, hut full of hope, of courage, of trust n the future. And what she said was true, ler ideal tias all in all to her just then. In some mysterious way she imagined at times that Raphael and Titian, and her beloved Caracci and Caravaggio, wereall waiting in some oainter's Paradise anxiously expecting to see her start in their pursuit. When she talked of her art, some sort of light would come into her face. Such enthusiasm is often something in itself— an inspiration not to be despised ; but it does not create Itae gifts that should belong to it by rights. , ... When Angelica talked of art, she was a httie conscious, perhaps ; but it was a sweet, artless consciousness, and from hei very heart she loved her work. „ . ' It was like a new soul in \W soul, she saiJ, with her vibrating voice, ' wheu 1 came here first and learned to know' then? aU; Before that, I sotretimes imagined . . . - Angelica smiled. ' Girls have their fancies, ' ? Ana nave you no fancies now r saia ner jatroness, very seriously. ' Mine is a cold heart, I fear,' said the girl ; ' I have to earn money for our home, and to ;ake care of my father in my mother's place. My interests are too great to leave place in my heart for love.' ' But could you imagine love without in terest,' said the Ambassadress, very quickly ; ' surely, interest is the very soul of love.' ' Then my love is for Titian, for the great Veronese, ft r TintoreU' cried Angelica, flush ing and excited. 'These are the altars at which I now worship,' she said, pointing with her pretty finger to the Doge's Palace that they were now approaching. The Ambassadress was looking at Angelica curiously, with her great lady expression ; the sun was still shining, the bells were still ringing ; they were sliding by the Lions of St. Marc, and the lady suddenly called to her gondolier to stop. Then, with a charming change of manner, she said to Angel, ' Now you must be ray leaner, ana i win De your pupu ; taice me to see your pictures.' A tgelicJ. was not surprised. It seemed to her a very natural impulse. She did not know chat a whole household was waiting while they deliberately walked from roam to room in noble company. Gods and heroes, allegories in white satin, Venice ruling the world ; all the pomp, all the splendour of life, is there ; and then come to vast room full of present, past, and future. ... A cicerone is explaining the fresco on the wall. ' This picture represents the entire human race and the kingdom of heaven,' he says; 'Tintoret painted it when he was serenty-five years of ? ' 'Don't listen to him,' said Angelica; *' you -will not care for this : come with me.' And the twro fingers pas* on. At first this Paradise of Tintoret is so strange that no wonder the lovely world outside, ihe beautiful courtyard, the flying birds, and drift ing Venetians, the great golden September, seem more like heaven to those who are bask icg in their sweetness. But it is well worth while, by degrees, with some pain and self denial, to climb in spirit to that strange crowded place towards which old Tintoret's mighty soul was bent. Is it the heaven towards which his great heart yearnid? He had painted surprise and rapture in tbe face of a soul just born into this vast circling vortex ; with its sudden pools and gleams of peace. Mary Mother above is turning to her Son, with outstretched arms, and pointing to the crowds with tender motherhood. In the great event ful turmoil a man sits absorbed in a Itook, reading unmoved. Angels, with noble wings take stately flights, cross and recross the darkened canvas. A far-away procession passes in radiance. ... Would you have other revelations of this mighty mind, let us follow Angelica and her oupil along a noble gallery to a farther room, where by a window that looks into a court hangs a picture that may well charm them by its tender-dawn like grace. Ariadne holds out her lanquid hand. Bacchus rises from the sea. Half a floating dream, half a vision ; almost here, almost there upon the wall. The picture seemed to reach into their very hearts. Peace ! said the horizon, while the wonderful tale of love was told anew. Bacchus beseeching; Ariadne tender, passionless, pitiful. Pity was there, painted upon the harmony and the They neither of them moved or spoke. The elder lady .stood absorbed, and her thoughts travelled away, far, far from the pictures, to some fancies of her own painting, while' Angelica, with her constraining blue eyes, looked at her for sympathy. ' This must be love— the very spirit of true feeling and sentiment !' cried the girl. 'Do you think so?' said Lady W-, with some sudden impatience, ' I do not think she loves him much ; perhaps she is still thinking of Theseus; and I do not believe in sentiment,' she added abruptly. ' But sentiment is. whether people respond at the time or not,' said Angelica 'Surley the feeling .remains for ever.' As she spoke, a great clock began to strike, and some birds whirred past the window, casting their shadows across tbe picture. *' My dear child,' said the Ambassadress, who did not care to be contradicted ; ' we must not waste any more time. Come, let us go back to the gondola.' As they went downstairs, they met Antonio, with his colour box under his arm ; he would have passed them without a word, bat Angelica smiled and kissed her hand. When they reached the gondola, the Ambassadress sank down with a sigh. 'There is that gentleman again,' said Angelica, looking back. The mysterious stranger was- jost stepping -into his gondola from the steps «f the Piazza. Had he been in the Palace ; she had not seen tiim there. {TO BE OONTTNPED., 