LAYING A MEMORIAL STONE. Yesterday was a gala day in connection with the Wesleynn Methodist church, Wel lington-street, Geelong West, and that edifice was gaily decked with bunting for the occasion. The cause of the display was the laying of a memorial Bione by Mr George 13ague, to commemorate the rebuilding of the fruut wall and the construction of an j entrance porch at the front, instead of the i one hitherto at the side, of the church. The event was made more noteworthy by the fact that the gentleman named had generously donated to the church a new pipo organ, at a cost of over £300, to bo placed above the new entrance. Half-past four o'clock in the afternoon was the time appointed for the ceremony, and at that hour about 150 persons, inelud ing friends from the various other churches of the dissenting denominations iu the town, had assembled in front of the building. A temporary'ulatform was occupied by theKeys. T. Adamson (superintendent of the circuit), J. deQ Robin, D. Badger, and Bariiingham, Messrs Hague and HunibV, and a l-.umbor of church officers. The proceedings were com menced by the Rev. T. Adamson giving out the 993rd hymn, which was sung by all present, Miss Trembling presiding at the harmonium. The Rev. J. do Q. Robin, M.A., having offered prayer, the Rev. T. Adamson expressed his pleasure at bo many being present to recognise that occasion and to commemorate that memorable day. The order of tho day was to bo short speech- making, although they had sufficient talking power present to keep them there for a week. He was pleased to see Mr Hague proseut to perform tho opening ceremony, as tho choice was _au appropriate one. He then read the following document, a copy of which, together with the other articles mentioned therein, had been sealed in a glass jar and placed in a cavity beneath the memorial stono Ashiiy, Ocelong, lGtli March, 1SS7. To all whom it may concern. In the name of God, amen. 1. This document, together with the current circuit plan and Methodist Svcctator. was placed under the memorial sMncintlie ErontwaU ot fhis church byMrCeoygc Hague on the IGth March, 1SS7. 2. Thei first,port,on ftf this church was orisinalJy built m the ycar a.d. JS'.O, the foundation 6tone having been laid by the Rev. D. J. Draper. The front »vall and west haviiur become insecure, it was deemed necessary to rebuild the'same, and at the same time to construct an entrance porch in the front of the building, instead of at tho side, and also to provide for a new pipe onran uenerouslv presented to the trustees by Mr George Ila,rue, at a cost of upwards of £300. The organ was built by Mr George Fineham, Richmond. 3. The above-named improvements were, devised in <ho jubilee year of Methodism, viz.,l&S0;,at a cost of £«j00, and carried out in the year ot hot Most Gracious Maicstv Queen Victorias jubilee, 1SS<. 4. ine circuit'ministers at the time were the Rev. Thomas Adamson, superintendent, and the Rer. Arthur! ovveli. 5\. Mr Robert J. Joyce, senior circuit Reward -Mr Thomas II old on, junior circuit steward G. The office bearers of the Ashby church were Mr Thomas Ilolden, society steward; Mr Km. I'enbcrthy, poor steward. 7 Tho following are the names of tho present trus tees mid building committeeMessrs Ceo. Uilson, T. Ilolden, It. II. Sennott. R. S. Orr, Wm. Pen T. Jioiuen, iw ii. berthy, George Hague, II. ^ iccars, V • Stott, \\). ... Smith. Thompson, John b titer, Robert Mockrid e, \Y IliM, W. H. Brown, Jas. Strong, and II. Mar tell ; Mr Geo. Hague being the treasurer. The fol lowing were also trustees of this trust but are deau: —W. Fynney, and Geo. Wilson. 8. Mr Joseph Jtattsis the architect for the new front and porch, and Messrs Tavlor and Sons the contractors. 0. This work is undertaken in the name of God, and of His Son Jesus Christ our Saviour, and of the Holy Ghost the Com forter, for the glory of the Triune God in the c°nre'* sion of man and the 6alvation of the world Amen. Wesleyan Church, Ashby, Geelong ^ est Circuit. Mr Adamson remarked, amidst laughter, that there were no coins of the realm iu the jar. He then presented Mr G. Hague with a silver trowel and a cedar mallet (the latter being the identical one used by the Rev. D. J. Draper when the foundation stone of tho church wns laid), and requested him to perform the ceremony. ( Mr Hague said he had to thank them for the honor they had done him, but he would muoh rather the task had fallen into better I hands They would pardon him if lie failed to convoy to them the deep interest ho took in that sanctuary and its progress. He trusted that the same gospel troths would contiuue to be preached from Sunday to Sunday in the church, and that the non chureb-going people in the neighborhood would be attracted thereby. (Hear, hear.) The stone was then lowered into the cavity by mentis of a pulley, and declared well and truly laid by Mr Hague. A verse of tbe 9Dlst bymu having been BURIr Wm. Strong expressed bis pleasure at boing present, and stated that he was present when tho foundation stone of that church was laid, and had worshipped thoro for many years. He saw around him many who were then there, hut others had gone some in tbe providence of God to other lands, anil others beyond the portals of the skies. Tbey had delegated their charge to worthy successors, however, and he and others had onme there to congratulate them on their zealous discharge of the sacred duty entrusted to tbem—the maintenance and improvement of the houee of fTod. He paid a warm tribute to Mr Hague for Ins ceuoro8ity,and trusted that bo and all of the members of the church would form living stones that could he framed together into a holy temple for the glory of God. (Hear, hear.) , , . _ MrT. Peters also spoke briefly, praimog tho Ashby people for their courage and enthusiasm in the good cause. _ The Rev. D. Badger expressed his pleasure at being present: firstly, because of the msni festation of generosity on tho part of Mr Hague : secondly, because of tho beautifying and enlargement of that place of worship, and because it showed that the people had higher interests than those connected with earthlythings. Thebuildiogofstores, of public bouses, and breweries had to do with the corruption of this world, and they need bo no better than shanties ; hut God's house, which had to do with eternity, should be substantial beyond t.bo things of time. Mr James Strong was the next speaker. Ho alluded to his connection with tho ohuroh in its infancy, and said it was gratifying to know that a areat many of his old comrades who bad worshipped there with him bad benefited by the religious instruction they then received. (Hear, hear.) Mr R. H, Sennett remarked that he was sure tbey all appreciated Mr Hague's libera lity, He endorsed tho statements of the previous speakers, Messrs W, Humble and X, Rrown spoke in similar terms to the other gentlemen, and a collection was taken up, the result being £15 3s (including a chequs for £2 2s from the architect). The choir then sang a hymn and tho benediction having been pronounced by the Rev. J. Barninghara, the proceedings "terminated. Tea and light refreshments were subse quently dispensed to the visitors in the 'adjoiniug schoolroom the by|ladi0B.of tno congregation. 