ffirtimba Su*\ Fine. Bright. Caucus. Theatre. Sinking. Garner's. Ascension Day. Trade reviving. Zeal misdirected. " Harbour L : ghti." Fields of diamonds. Racing on S-lrrday. Masterly dissertation. Payment of members. Pertinacity perverted. Fight for the totalizator. Rainbow-hued dewdropj. Cradcck ghost still lively. French Ministry defeated. Clock couceii at St. Peter's. Mr. Parcons's lecture to-ni?ht. Bookmark scheme in abeyance. Dr. Dobbie wanted at Cradock. Is Mr. Hopkins fishermen mad ? Barometer at noon to-day, 30 36, Chaffey Brothers pre Canadians. First clause of Crime3 Bill passed. " Plebeian" 1 ab3 It into the Ministry. Mr. Stnarfs object was to avoid delay. Another batch of Nihilists annihilated, Glenelg rejoiced at the coining Sunbeams Strange cases of child- murder at Sydney. - "Northern Territory and Eastern A-ua.' r Bntterine or butter—that is the question. More than one Sunbeam at Glenelg to-day.. HA judgment written before hearing argjment, _ Oor Jack holds No. 1 Exhibition season - ticket. Amplifications of arguments not encojraged. Will Mr. Dobbie interview tbe C.adock ghost ? New 4s. silver coin—the Jubilee ?—io be struck. "At whose blight presence darkless flic3 away." Port Adelaide Gcorgy revelling in a fishy subject. Water right question in Aostralii very iddefined. No use tiying to butter the Bj?rd of Health. Lord Brassey expscted about Sunday or Monday. Paynehamitcs threaten to boycott their tramway. Chaffey Broth ers don't intend to " lobby" our M.P,'e. The Queen giving up the crown for a four- 8hill ; ng picce. Another spell of watching and waiting lor old Bismarck. Cannot the Port fishermen uce the wharf? already built ? Why can't the S.A. Company ercot that landing-stage ? Sudden death of German master at St. Peter's College. N.S.W. claims exclusive right to the Murray waters. Stationmaster Gedge responsible for tha Windsor disaster. Another trim to the Protectionists — Tariff Commis.ioc. Port fishermen want public moaey epeii on private properly. Street watering has been done for months pest on SundayB in St. Kilda. A corps of cyclist scouts took part ia great English Easter Review. Windsor catastrophe due to the ne.^le-lr of the youth at Prahran Station. That plucky young Pegley ii of the right; stuff for a railway stationmaster. His Honor's impromptu written judgment must have taken hours of study. Jubilee year to be distinguished by another step towards the decimal system. In August Rev. Dr. JefferiB will lecture " Christian Socialism" in Adelaide. Pastor Chiniquy's death and recantation disbelieved by the Rev. S. F. Prior.; Mr. Stuart should have reserved reading that written judgment till next day. Proposed that Tonga Baker.should be depo^fcd and tried for his atrocities. Sun rose at 6.52 a.m.; setB at 5,1 p.m. Moon rose at 3.1 a.m.; sets at 3.9 p.m. Sir John's guarantee is&'t goad enough for Chaffey Brothers to risk their capital. John Bull is not likely to agree to increased income tax to give colonials cheap poitafe. What would the Ministry have done without Chaffey Brothers during the else-, tions ? Victoria and New South WaleB much exercised about the exchange of the unemployed. In the Chaffey agreement the permanent rights of the settlers should receive mora attention. Government of N.S.W. distinctly objeci to any water being taken from the Murray at Mildura. Brisbane people set their teeth on edge with sour grapes over the last South Australian lorn. There are some neat le?a\ questions to be discussed about the Northern Territory murder case. " The Vagabond" is making a trip 13 tte South Seas for a London paper and the Melbouiae Age. Rev. J. W. Piatt will lecture on " Gladstone" next mouth at request of Literal/ Societies' Union. When. " The Vagabond" was reckoning up Australian orators he had evidently never heard Mr. Parsons. The Prahian stationmaster blameable fe? not properly instructing the youth who caused the accident. Messrs. Chaffey Brothers have adopted a cautious policy, not caring to trust much to a Colonial Parliament. " A miserable, measley sort of place"—this of Fair Adelaide, by a Sydney M. P. Will he visit the Exhibition ? What had Mayor Gameau to do with air action by Mr. Smith against Stspaey Disii'ic* Council, Mr. Champion 1 Hie Honor must have been reading of Mark Twain's written speech of thanks' for the unexpected testimonial. Even the most perfect methods of general railway manaeement form no protection against culpable carelessness. " The Vagabond" could not have heard the prince of the three South Australian oratora —the ornate modest Rowley! " Let UB expel all old-world epithets that have within them the sound of the ecclesiastical tread," says Pastor Jones. As the new four-shilling p ; ece is a come down from the crown, it is suggested that it should be named " The Downer." Compliment to the colony as well, you see. Victoria gave New South Wales its N. Melville, M.L.A., audits T. Walker, M.L.A., and its NortoD, Union dslegate, also, and the Argus is glad to say there has been no reciprocity. Quotation for today—Anne Boleyn beheaded, 1536:— But far-oS fowls ha'e feathers fair, And aye until ye try thaui; Though they seem fair, still have a care, They may prc?e waur than I am. Mr. Crosby wants to know what kind of mother the man had who wrote the following :— If woman was little As she is pood A peasbell would make her A gown and a hood. HOUSEHOLD RULES IN THE SIX- TEENTH CENTURY. From Sir J. Harrington's (the translator of Ariosto) mles for servants, we obtain a very clear conception of the internal government of a country gentleman's house in 1566:— A serraut who is absent from prayers to bs fined. For ntterine an oath. Id.; and the same Bum for leaving a door open. _ . A fine of 2d. from Michaelmas to Lady Day, for all who are in bed after wren or out after nine. A fine ol id, for any bed unmade, fire unlit, or candle-box nncleaned after eight. A fine of 4d. for a man detected teaching the children obscene words. A fine of id. for any man waiting withont a trencher, or who is absent at a meal. For any one breaking aryof the bntler's glas>, 12d. A fine of 2d. f jr any one who has not laid the table for dinner by balf-past ten, or the supper by six. A fine of 4d. for any one absent without leave. For any man striding another a fine of Id. For any follower visiting the cook. Id. A fine Of Id. for any man appearing in a foul sun, untied shoes, or torn doublet. A fine of Id. for any stranger's room left for font hours after lie has dressed. 