GHOSTS AND TH?IRJ ORIGIN. (A SKETCIt BY A. JAsixeSON WRAINFORD.) Much has been said and written on this subject, both true and untrue. 'Tis a comn mon and ancient saying, that " dead mon tell no tales," that 'tis the living we have to fear. But who can prove this assertion to be true? Proverbial sayings, handed down from one generation to another, are generally received sitlII the utmost credulity, partly from the firm fielief in them by our ancestors, and partly from their great age, and consequent extreme respectability. Credited by our forefathers, why should we doubt them? Most ghost stories originate in the humnan brain, likewise legends of goblins, fairy talei, etf. These are frequentcom panions in the nurscrj;ynd vefy bad corn' panions they are. Let those viho canruot understand the feelings of the little folk, shivering in their cots, after listening to some of the above ghostly narrations-let those, I say, sit up late some wild gusty night, when the wind whistles round the house, rattling the casements, and moan ing in the chimneys-sit up late and tell each other all the weird uncanny tales they can remember or invent; let them re tire to their separate chambers singly. They will understand then, or if they don't they ought to. That there is occasionally some founda tion for the theory of ghosts, few will attempt to deny, but that the uncanny visitants very frequently derive their supposed existence fronm the foolish perpetrators of practical jokes is a fact. In tihe event of a locality, or plaoq of residence supposed to be haunted, a thorough investigation should be made, and if possible, any mystery connected therewith, unravelled. This will generally. be eflicacious. The "playing of ghost".- a common pastime among young and thoughtless .people - is as pernicious as it is senseless, anid highly injurious to the nerves of both youthful and aged. Thei extreme mental strain, caused by the sudden appearance of an apparition, has a lasting effect for harm, frequently for life. The innate superstitious awe of the super natural inherited by us from our ancestors has much to do with this. Tihe following anecdote of a supposed ghost is founded upon fact: - A whisper was going the rounds of the village of -, -a whisper which afterwards grew into a bold assertion-that a ghost had been seen somewhere on a lonely road, a quarter of a mile distant; a road which led to the next village, and which in consequence must bo traversed, ghosts or no ghosts. Several affirmed that they had seen the. unwlhole some visitor, and had been greatly terrified thereby. HIowever, the descriptive asc counts differed greatly, except as to one particular, to wit, its enormous height. ' About nightfall seemed to be the favoured period of appearing and folks soon began to contrive to reach home or a lhabitation of some kind before that time. At last one more courageous than the rest, a young man of the village of Samsonian strength and size of form, un dertook to discover the cause, or frighten away the unwelcome guest. Laughing all fears to scorn, he declared his intention to visit the locality of the of the ghost, in the dusk and alone. For self defence, he simply carried a few stones, not so lightl but that they would strike a blow worthy the brawnyarm that hurled them. Little groups of men and women might have been seen assembled in the village street, (it had but one) nodding their heads with mysterious signs and gestures, and more mysterious whispers. Dan Burton had departed on his ghostly errand. He had walked the greater part of the way whistling to himself, with a heart foreign to fear. He was meditating the advisableness of throwing away his stones, their weight being heavy in his] pockets. Pondering thus, he had -come to a diminutive bridge or culvert, under which flowed a clear but tiny stream. Just beyond this bridge was located the favoured spot before mentioned. He raised his eyes, for ia sound of rustling struck his ear with painful significance. For a second or two his blood ran cold, his heart gave three successive unusually large thumps, and his hair stood on (the time honoured) end. Before him (he now stood on the bridge) there appeared a ghastly looking figure of immense height, reaching almost to the sky he tbounht, with a head of fire and eyes and mouth of flame. As he gazed a deep, and it must bhe confessed rather human, voice issued from the ghost. "Repent I" it said sternly; and then "Where will you spend eternity ?" Dan's breath came and went with un wonted speed, but the unmistakably human sound in the spectre's voice,enabled him to regain his presence of mind. "Not with you," lie shouted in reply, hurling one of his stones with herculean force, at the ghost. It shook, it shivered, but remained where it was. Crash ! And another stone followed. A very natural human cry, and the ghost tumbled in igno miny to the ground. From a confused heap, there sprang a dark figure, which fled. Dan Burton gave chase and, hislong legs giving him the advantage of greater speed, soon overtook the fugitive. It proved to be one of the young men of the neighbouring village, and a well-known practical joker. In consideration of a severe wound on the head received from one of his stones, Dan did not thrash the mis creant quite so soundly as lie deserved. A stump of a tree upon which the joker stood, and a bunch of dried willows (from which emanated the rustling) held above his head gave his unnatural height, sheets, a turnip lantern, coloured paper, and a lighted candle within, did the rest. These things Dan gathered up, taking them home for the inspection of the villagers. Strange to relate, the rightful owner never claimed them. The above anecdote has been given merely to show how easily apiparitions (?) may be explained, and done away with in the majority of cases if thIe matter be only taken in hand by a person of reliable nerves, bone and muscle. For tunately in the foregoing case, no great harm was done, butas has been previously mentioned, the evil effects of practical jokes are sometimes lifelong. The follow ing is a vivid illustration of the same. A company of young people had been spending an evening in telling ghost stories, and other thrilling narra tives of a like stirring nature. As bedtime approached, all confessed to feeling rather nervous, with the exception of one girl,who stoutly maintained that she feared neither their uncanny talcs, nor the result they appeared to apprehend. Upon this, certain of the party laid their heads together (all in fun) to quail her high spirit. One of the same, a student of medicine, had in his possession a human skeleton-this was placed in thIe young lady's bed, unknown to her, lwhere upon all retired for the night. Nothing occurredeito didaliba?le rest of of Lf t t not visiblme. Thiu kt , t?ltt,' ildter of the girl In rjqcestion, doloihn d. ,9, at her door. Prahtly hld -?_ehul'did; y ing he could get no an . forced the lock of tie door:;'i'i girl was sitting up in bed, taking out the skel??tc's teeth, and replacing them. She was a laughirng maniac, and never regained her reason. Another victim was frightltend ifito a fit, by a thoughtless friend junipifig out suddenly from behind a door in the dark. The result was a liability to fits during life, and an early grave. Countless instances, resembling the pro ceding more or less, could be given, but these are considered adequate for illustra tiOn of the evil effects. Some people would be very loth to do away with thid idea of ghosts. Ireland clings to the banshee; and many claim to have heard its melancholy wallings over the lonely heath or moor. It will be found that there are some of every nation possessing firm faith in the power and authenticity of ghosts. Where is there a people entirely incredulous of ShB' ?rdoe? That many of the legends are merd ftlbt'atiotis; it beyond doubt- an old castle, ivy cove'red an hoary with age, a well overhung with trees, and thereby darlly shaded, a fantastical aud imagina tive mind and a ready tongue are all that needed. But that there is at timan a foundatiot to uncanny sights and sounds is a matter equally beyond doubt, and in such cases a thorough Investigation should be made. 