The Advertiser. PUBLO1,IED EVERY. TUEODAY, THUISDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. Bairnsdale. Saturday, August 0, ]887. Touvno the two candidates for the representation of the south riding are both new aspirants for municipal honors, neither having startling dis closures to make or accusations of mis representation to urge against the other, and probably both will be plethoric with promises of road works aod attention to the requirements of the ratopayors, there are many fea. turea surrounding the candidaturo of each which will influence the rate. payers in making their selection on Thursday next. Mr. Commius was, wo concede, the first in the field-in. deeood, he was in the field before oven eo himself was aware of the fact. The organ of the obstructionists-of course with the sanction and under the secro. ive guidance of the head of the party -has booeen for some time referring in vituperative end insulting terms to elosrs. Sainubury, Macarthur and Drevermann, the throe retiring mom. Jure respectively for the south, centro nd east ridings, with the view of paving the way for bringing out candidates who, as young recruits, would be amenable to the discipline and ab jectly olbedient to the commands of the D)ictator- General, sometimes issued by his lieutenant, but more frequently in shrill and discordant notes by his brazen trumpet. Unfortunately, how ever, for all of them-and a fact of which they were cognisant-the Dicta tor-General has rapidly been losing his influence in the four quarters of the dominion over which he would seek to have despotic sway, consequently they had to abandon the open battle. field in which they pitched their tentE a few months back, for if victory be gained, they felt it could not be secured by the open dash and valor o1 a British soldier, and would therefore have to be grasped by the treachery and cunning of the Sepoy. The rust decided upon was feigning a split it the camp, and, consequently, to tih breathless astonishment of the unsoe phisticated the brazen trumpet whicl a short twelve months ago sickenec every one with its fawning anm sycophantic adulation of the Die tator-General, commenced to peevishli find fault, and eventually to turn it open rebellion against him. As we before remarked, the unsophisticatci imagined the revolution a genuine one but those more acquainted with thi tactics of the obstructionists contentns themselves with signficantly closing oun eye, and inquiring what was being batched by the feeble old barndoor hen Subsequent events have disclosed thi plot, and have demonstrated that th, main drain and borough questions were to be used against Mr. Macarthur it in the centre riding, trusting by sucl tactics to win over a few of the waver ing and vacillating to be found in al ranks, while the ostensible breach be tween the Dictator-General and hi brazen trumpeter in connection witl the two subjects alluded to, would, i was hoped, be regarded as genuine b, the ratepayers in the east and soutl ridings, would blind many to their osws interests, be instrumental in securin; their votes for an obstructionist candi date, and, should their deeply laic schemes, their wily machinations bi crowned with success, they woulh speedily doff the mask, disclose them selves in their true colors, and gris sardonically at those who had beel duped by their hypocrisy. Having lifted the veil and disclosed to thl gaje of some of the surprised rate payers these presumably opposes factions-the main.drain and anti-mail drainites, thoborough and anti-borough ites-in unholy alliance and secre conclave taking council of war together we shall be prepared for our ex posureof their schemes and concoction to.be designated as simply hypothetical ut-we feel sanguine that those whl have watched passing events will ihave folldwed us stop by step, willcavw noted each succeeding act of the drama and will be prepared for the grant epilogue - the public reconcilia tion of such supposed bitter opponents-alw aye provided theii plot of the play. is unbroken or Thursday by the discerning ratepayers and that Messrs. Macarthur and Drevermann are replaced in the contri and east by Messrs. Taylor and Mason and the nominee of the obstructionists Mr. C. A. Commins, be returned for the south. The features in connection with the election for the south riding to which we have alluded, and which should be calculated to exercise a wholesome inflience over the result, are simply as follow. While Mr. Commins has been nominated by a clique, and has throughout his canvass. ing campaign a chaperon whose con duct is constantly open to censure, and whose morals more than savor of sus-. picion, Mr. A. J. Maelood has come forward at the request of a number of the leading and most influential rate payers of the riding, and is neither the nominee of a clique or party, nor chaperoned by any but those who are ratepayers of the riding, and who are desirous of being honestly represented by an independent member. Mr. Commins, though he once resided in the south, has ceased to do so, and as his profession will make him more identified with the centre, and he will seldom have to travel the roads in the riding, Mr. Macleod will be constantly traversing them, will be in continual communication with his constituents, and will be ever alert and watchful respecting their requirements. IeI has been born and brought up in the district, he knows all its necessities and what must be accomplished to secure its advance and progress, and he will enter the council chambers un biassed by prejudice, untramelled by any pernicious influence, and with the honest determination and sincere desire to serve his constituents to the best of his ability, fearlessly and boldly, and to maintain the dignity of the council, and to ensure the progress and pros. perity of the whole shire. TiE fishermen, a hard-working class of the community, who toil amidst dark. ness and danger to supply their fellow beings with one of the moast acceptable and necessary articles of diet, have many grievances to complain of and many difficulties to contend against. Some of these, of a harassing nature enough, they strive to fight against by forming unions, but there are others which they are powerless to combat unless they receive material support and encouragement from the public. Wo have, on several occasions, pointed out that, unless some different method of the disposal of the fish supply be advocated and insisted upon, the fisher men will not receive that remunera tion from their labors to which they are justly entitled. We are pleased, therefore, that the Age has opened up the subject of fish auctions, and advo cates a reform il the present system. Our contemporary had the following pertinent remarks in its Tuesday's issue : The fish and msat supply of the metro polls is a matter that appeals sodireotly to every householder, large and small, that everything relating to it is sure to be read with a strong personal interest ; and we nmay theorfore aouus Ibtha the report which we published yesterday of the meot ing of fishermen at Queeonaliff, and AMr. Thwaites'a report on the construction of now abbatoirs in some of the suburbs, arve commanded the attention they deserve. Th'le fish question is one of long standling, and every attempt to solvo it to the satisfao tion of either the fishermen or the aon. slner has hitherto bIeon fretrateid. iThe bsys are swarming with edible fish of thei most toot5hsome kilnd, atnd the ishermen are uito oequal to the task of catching them. but somehow or other the consumer can never got as much as he wants, or ought to have. There are 200hawkers in Melbourne, and every suburb has a fish shop or two, but the demand is never so great but what it can be readily mnet. This wassometime a paradox, but it is so no longer, for every body I own the explanation of it. Some of the reasons were given pretty plainly at the Queensoliff meeting by the chief speaker, Mr. Leslie, who said that if the Melbourno Market was conducted on a different system the trade would give sufficient employment for ten times their number. The trade, however, is practi cally confined to a few auctioneers and a few middlemen, who contrive between them that no outsiders shall disturb their monopoly. The auctioneers are buyers as well as sellers, and the middlemen are sufficiently supplied with means to prevent too many fish getting into the market for the consumers' benefit. Between the two the consumers and fishermen both go to the wall. The fishermen get the lowest possible prices for their goods, and the consumers pay the highest. That the practice of the auctioneer being both seller and buyer is a very profitable one for the auctioneer is shown by the statement of Mr. Leslie, that. instances are known where .£400 has been offered for the goodwill of the auction stands, and refused. Nor is it any wonder, when an auctioneer can knock down a basket of fish to himself for Gs, and then dispose of it for 10s. The system of quo tations, again, is grossly unfair to the fisherman, who learns that fiatheads are from eG to 10s per basket, and may receivo for his consignment any sum between these two figures. Equally injurious to his in terest is the system of keeping back fish which will not realise the price auctioneers have determined that it ought to fetch. Fish is an article that won't keep, and of course almost all the reserved fish finds its way in the end to the dung heap, the result being that the supplies are kept short, to the manifest advantage of the retail tradesman, and the manifest disadvantage of the general publio. That such an anomalous state of things should have existed so long in a city like Melbourne, withprolificfishing grounds at its very door, is a tribute to thepower of the Ring that really contorls the trade, and has been strong enough to prevent the ex tension of facilities for the distribution of the article. The fishermen have tried in vain to break through the meshes that restrain their operations, and the public have also complained to no purpose ; and it really looks as if nothing would be done till Parliament or the Government-the last resort of the helpless--tak the matter in hand. For the municipal authorities seem thoroughly apathetic and indifferent to the interests of all parties, or else they would have studied the subject of supply and distribution, and made aegulations accordingly. Whose fault is it, for instance, the fish is not sold in the Eastern Market by auction, where buyers or sellers can both got the accommodation they require P The by-law which prohibits fish from being sold by auction outside the Melbourne market is a very extraordinary one, and one that could not be better worked in the interest of the monopolists if it had been designed specially for that purpose. It cannot be defended on any grounds what ever, and it shows singular want of know ledge, or more singular indifference, on the part of the ratepayers that protests should not be made against it till it is repealed. Fish should be sold at auction on stated days, to suit the fishermen, in every suburb around Melbourne ; and the hawk ers should be encouraged to distribute it by special privileges, if need be, for the sake of the fishermen as well as for the sake of the population, to whom a fish diet is a source of health. Unfortunately, the fishermen have no influence, in Melbourno at any rate, nor is their vote of sufficient importance to make it worth the while of any member to take up their cause, not withstanding that Mr. L. L. Smith has a seat in the House. Everybody admits that they are a most deserving body of men, and that they are shamefully treated by the trade, upon whose custom they depend; but we have not hoard of a single politician or a single municipal representative who thinks their cause worth mentioning, even in an electioneering address. A meeting of the victims is held now and then, as at Queenseliuf on Saturday last, who state their grievances and plead hard for redress i and then the agitation is quieted by the superior tactics of the middlemen, and things go on as before. And so it will be till women have the right of dealing with questions affecting the comfort of the household as well as men. In the mean. time the fish question has a lot of popu larity in it, if there is any social reformer who is rusting for want of a motive and a cue to action. It has been proved times beyond num ber that fish has been ruthlessly des troyed to prevent anything like an abundant supply in the market, to the detriment of householders, and to the direct injury of the fishermen. The sabject having been once opened up, should be kept prominently forward, and we can only trust that the press both in the metropolis and country will persistently demand reforms boein introduced until those reforms become accomplished facts, and the fishermen receive that compensation for their hard and hazardous labors which no one should begrudge them. Te- Traralgon Progress Association have invited a conference of the muni cipal councils interested or connected with the old Railway League, with a view of obtaining the recognition of the Traralgon to t3airnedale railway as the main line, and with that end in view have invited theco-operation of the Bairnedale Shire Council. It is needless to mention that our municipalropresen. tatives have decided to join heartily in in the movement, and the president, Mr. F. W. Drevormann, has boon ap. pointed a delegate to attend any con feronco convened. It has boon pointed out, and truly, that a determined effort is to be made to bolster up the old line as the main one, and to effect this by taking the Bairnedalo traffic via Strat ford to Sale, and that this attempt will moot with the approval and assistance of M?r. Gillies, the Minister of Rail. ways. The reply given by Mr. Gillies to a recent deputation will warrant the supposition that he will give his support to such a scheme, consequently we quite coincide with the proposed amalgamation of forces to watch over the interests of the residents between Traralgon and Bairnedalo. There will, doubtless, be a most determined effort on the part of Sale to constitute the line from that town to Melbourne the main line, and independently alto gether of the interests and require ments of Bairnedalo, it will be sought to take all our traffic to Melboursne via Stratford and Sale, and therefore that attempt should, we quite agreo, be nipped in the bud. Wore it, how over, to be brought about, we are con vinced that it would be but for a very brief period, and before thelast note of jubilation on the part of our Sale friends had died away, a change would be effected. The traffio must and will reagulate the route--the mountain will not come to the prophet, so the prophet must go to the mountain. Lot Sale strive never so determinedly to accom plish this, the Railway Commissioners will quickly discern how the traffic must go, and the traffic will pronounce than the Traralgon to Bairnsdalo line must and shall be the main line. The shilr council had a lengthy sit. ting on Thursday, but the business was mostly of a routine character. There was a mass of correspondence to be dealt with, though little of it was of general interest. The Broadlands road question, which has been prominently before the ralo payers in some form or the other for years, has at length boon settled in an amicable manner. At the last council meeting Mossrs. Highett and Laughlin, on behalf of Mrs. Crooko, accepted the council's offer of £200 for No. 1 road. It will be remembered that there were three roads surveyed, the river, or No. 8, the middle, or No. 2, and the east. ern, or No. 1, and after a considerable amount of correspondence, the council have arranged for the last-named thoroughfare. An agreement is in c rseo of preparation, and therefore tins much-vexed question will shortly be settled for all time. On Thursday, at the council meeting, a letter, which had been received from Mr. M. Landy by Councillor Ross, was placed in the hands of the president and read by him at the request of the recipient. It intimated that a con ference of local bodies and members of the different railway leagues and vigil. ance committees would be called for the purpose of supporting the claime of the Traralgon to Bairnodalo railway to be the main line, and asking the co operation of the Bairnsdalo council. It was unanimously decided to co operate, and the president was ap pointed to represent the council at any conference convened. '.The retiring member for the South riding, Mr. H. H. Sainsbury, com municated on Thursday to the council that he did not intend seeking re election, owing to ill health necessitat ing a lengthened change of air. Ho ex pressed himself as grateful for the uniform courteas extended to him, and trusted the district would prosper under the management of its affairs by the council. The letter was directed to be acknowledged with the council's wish for Mr. Sainsbury's early restora tion to health. We feel sure that retiring member's friends and his poli tical opponents will all sympathise with Mr. Sainsbury respecting the reason which will prevent him again offering his services, and one and all will heartily endorse the council's wish that he will soon recover health and strength. The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the mechanics' institute and free library was held in Mr. Goold's office on Thursday evening. The members present were Mr. Goodenough, president, and Messrs. Goold, Tornos, B. Johnson and H. Hopkins, hen. see.. There was only the usual routine business. Accounts amounting to £5 5s 2d were passed for payment. The librarian's report showed subscriptions collected during the month to be £4 10s. The book committee reported that the new books would be ordered in the course of a few days. The librarian desires subscribers to take notice that the library will be closed this (Satur day) evening, in consequence of the hall being required for another pur. pose. The Bairnsdale Ethiopians had a very good house at Swan Reach on Thursday night, and the local me chanics' institute building fund, we believe, will benefit by the entertain ment to the amount of about £8. On their return journey the members of the company met with a misadventure, through an accident happening to their vehicle, which delayed them on the road a considerable time, and some of them, indeed, did not reach home till f rly morn. Otherwise, the trip was a pleasant one, and the minstrelsy of the Ethiopians was highly appreciated by the Swan Reach residents. The retiring member for the Centre riding, Mr. A. Macarthur, who offers himself for re-election, will address the ratopayers at the shire hall on Monday evening. This evening Mr. James Taylor, who opposes the return of Mr. Andrew Macarthur for the Centre riding, will address the ratepayers at the shire hall. This evening Mr. F. W. Drever mann will meet the ratepayers of the East riding at Mrs. Waite's hotel, Boggy Creek, and on Monday next at Mr. M. Donald's hotel, Sarsfield. In consequence of the low level bridge having been washed away, Mr. F. W. Drevormann, who bad appointed holding a meeting at the school-house, Wuk Wuk, will moot the ratepayers at the Farmers' Home Hotel, Linde. now, on Wednesday evening. The shareholders in the Rob Roy Company, Haunted Stream, are ro minded that a call of Id per share has been made duo and payable on Wed nesday. The residents of Paynesville will perceive by references to the church notices in another column, that mass will be conducted there to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock. The Government have decided, in deference to the wishes of various local boards of health, as oxpressed at a recent conference in the Melbourne Town hail, to postpone the motion for the second reading in Parliament of the bill to amend the Public Health Act until opportunity shall have been afforded to the local health authorities of considering its provisions so far as they affect the interests of municipal bodies. Accounts aro at tho rocoipt and pay oeico, Bairnadalo, for J. Bull, J. W. Borland, J. B. and H. Bosloy, H. Couoens, W. Donockor and party, J. Dick, T. B. Durham, T. Evans, J. Parquhar, W. Gilmore, A. Hall, P. King, R. Crookel, L. Larson, M. Lynch, D. M'Douaill, J. J. M'Kinley, J. M'Colm, C. W. Nicholson and party, Now Rising Sun Company, D. O'Rourko, O. J. Pardon, D. Prossor, W. Rowo, G. S. Richardson, H. Stoney, S. Stono and R. Townsend. It is intimated by Mosnrs, 8. Foilchenfold and Co., that they will continuo their cash clearing salo for a fow weoks longer, as they are anxious to clear out the whole of their stock to make room for oxtonsivo con signmonts which nro en route. In another column Mr. F. Pitte, of the Victoria Houso, announces that lhe is making oxtonsivo alterations to his ihow room, and ro.arranging partner. ibi- In consonuoncoth roof lin will bold a clearing sale for the purpos of reducing stock. This sahl will last for three weeks only, and the whole stoek will be offered regardless of cost. The Railway Commjissiouor, aift r having fully considered the findings of the coroner's jury on the Wind?or rail way accident, have decided to di.ni.s from the railway service Mr. G,-d,-e, the stationmaster of Prahran, Keat. the driver, and Laina, the guard of tv," ordinary train, who have been ?? pended since the accident, and tl.cy are to receive their full Ipay up to the end of July. The Railsay Commissioners do not attach any pir sonal responsibility for the accident to any other persons, but in view of the growth of the railway system and the iacrease of the traffic, they propos .o reorgat so the traffic department. .dr. John Ander son, the general trafle manager, is to have control only of the indoor or commercial work; and Mr. R. H. Francis, the deputy traffic managor, is to be appointed out-door traffic super intendent, and to undertake the super vision of all the out-door work. There are to be no other changes in the branch, says the Argus, and the now arrangement, which is to come into operation on the let September, will not involve any increased coat. A stricter supervision is to be exercised throughout the traffie branch, and no person is to be appointed to any roe sponsible position until he has passed an examination, and proved his com potency for the work. The Railway Commissioners state that they have done everything they consider to be necessary to ensure the efficient working of the railways, and the safety of the public. Next to running a newspaper, about the most precarious business a man I can engage in is the lessee and mana r gership of a threatre. And in this profession there are grades. Thus, I while a dramatic company is costly enough in all conscience, an opera \- troupe goes them at least six better t in the matter of expense. It is re ported.that one gentleman who has s just concluded his first attempt at s managership, has lost something very near £8000 in a surprisingly short I time. To his credit, however, be it i said that the " ghost walked" regularly I every Monday morning-a very dif ferent thing to calling a company to gether and telling them that "owing to bad business payment of salaries will have to be postponed"-oft.times indefinitely. From the San Francisco papers, it appears that Lord and Lady Aberdeen, on their arrival from Australia en route to England, underwent a s thorough and exhaustive interviewing. They had very much the same replies to make in answer to the addresses that they made here, and the speeches contain no novelties, his lordship wisely excusing himself on the ground that he had been a month at sea, and did not know what had been doing. The travellers received "a Highland wel come" from the members of the Cale donian Club, led by " Chief M'Leod," and they were "charioteered" in " a rockaway" to all the show places of the city and suburbs by Mr. T. D. M'Kay, the well-known agent of the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy rail. way, who afterwards sent them through to New York over his route "in fine style." Acorrespondent who recently left Melbourne for London, vid San Francisco, writes describing the excellent arrangements which are made for Australian travellers by Mr. M'Kay, whose visit to these colonies not long ago, for th ourpose of study. ing Australian r. rements, s now turned to the beste. vantage. Alargo contingent of touri.t:, who went hence by the Alameda, were taken charge of by him. Though for the present Bairnsdale and district have been relieved of ap. prehension of injuries through a heavy flood, they have not been so fortunate elsewhere, as the following from Thursday's Mercury will show :-The Thompson River commenced to rise at Sale on Tuesday afternoon, the water soon spreading over Desailly's Flat, and filling Flooding Crook to over flowing. Pearson's bridge was also under water, and Lake Wishart and the new canal works are one immense shleet of water, stretching to Werner Bros. fellmongery, which just touches the water's edge. The steamer Tanjil, which is on the slips, is surrounded, and the men employed on her were obliged to make use of boats. The navvies employed on the canal works were fortunately prepared for a flood, and pitched their tents on higher ground. At the Raymond-street and York.-street bridges, Flooding Creek is much swollen, and is overflowing its banks lower down the Punt Road. Lake Guthridgo is almost completely filled, and near the viaduct, on the pathway to the gardens, the water was rushing through a leakage into the other side, which was beginning to fill rapidly. Two of the council's daymen, however, were put on in the morning, to try and effect a remedy. On the Punt Road, near the Union bridge, tile water was rushing over the road with great force, and the river flowing over into the canal, looked and sounded like a waterfall. The water was also flowing over Punt Road nearer the gasworks. The water generally in the creek and the river is of the colour and consistency of pea soup. This is the first time for eight years that the water has over flowed into Lake Guthridge from Flooding Crook, and that shoot looks vastly improved. The contractors for the Sale and Strat. ford railway have boon put to con sidorablo inconvenionce by the rising waters. Some little time ago a loop line was constructed from the main line to the old pits, near the Flooding Creek bridge. A large number of inon wore employed hero in getting ballast and tilling the trucks. On Tuesday things had ju"t got into good working order when the flood came. About eloven o'clock at night, the waters had rieon ao much, that it was found ne cessary to call up the moll, who did their utmost to dam the water, but without avail. During the night the pits rapidly filled, and yesterday six of the trucks woro completoly covered with water. The loop line in many places is two or three foot under wator, and the contractors' ongine is perched upon a rising piece of ground unable to proceed one way or another. Thoro is about 15 of wat * in those pits, but it is thought that the water will. recede as it rose, and fall naturally into Flooding Creek. It this is the case the contract.s will only be delayed until the watbr sub sides. Through Desnillv's piat the Thompson River can only be distin guished by the current. ?loodin Creek is also over its bauks here, and many of the fences of paddocks are almost hidden. The road to the slaughter yards which now ruae under the bridge on the Stratford iline is uhdor water, as is also the rohd run ning to Wurruk from Cunioghamo street. The old railway 'pits are also full, and the water holes around Wurruk are like small lakoes. The contractor for the canal will bo'greatli hampered with his contract, as it will take a considerable time to primp the watoer out. This is the firrt heavy flood that has visited Sale since 1850, when the water entered Mrs.T homas's Hotel at the Latrobo. Theiprosent flood has not, as yet, causedi any in convenience at Longford, thoug, we hear the Latrobe is surroundibg , frs. Thomas's, and the Gloengarry is level with the banks. Yesterday afternoon the water was up to Mrs. Thomas's front door step, and almost level with the wharf, which has goods stored on it at the present time. In conse. quence of this the steamer Nell did not land her cargo yesterday. At Denison the Thomson Itivtj fell 18 inches yesterday, so that there is a prospect of a cessation of the flood, unless the Glengarry comesl down in force. It is the opinion of niany that the new canal, when complted, will carry away vast volumes of nwter, and prevent such heavy back water. Having appointed several agents to receive orders for the celebrated Wertheim Sewineg Machines and sweet Hasburg Pianos, all orders given to tthem will receie my prompt and careftul attention. In buying from me or my agents purchasers will net be iml.osed upon, and I am always on the spot to effect repairs or adjust achincs bougaht from me, sehoul such be required. ?ayers should therefore support the resident agent in pro. fereice to travellers All my agents give ren ce'pts on my printed forms only, and thoso who have not these are somebody else's agents. Needles, etc., ahsay, on hand. G. II. Cole, Furniture Warehouse, Bairnas. dale.-ADT. Packages, 150 pieces, crockery,ote., East. wood continues to supply for a short time longer. Early application ii necessary. Also, glass shades all sizes, aquariums and other glassware, at Eastwood's, opposite Duggan's Il ,tel -ADT. 