BARNAWARTHA. . FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. "Some write verses, Some trace maps, Some write music, I write 'scraps.' " A VERY strange affair, which might have terminated fatally, occurred on the farm of Mr. G. L. Baumgarten at Dry Creek. It appears that one of the employes, Mr. Christie, was directed to remove the cir- cular coulters from a treble-furrow plough that was in a paddock some distance from the house. Upon reaching the plough Christie found two of the coulters missing, and seeing a man on a gray horse dismount and climb the fence naturally concluded it was Mr. Baumgarten who had followed him, for he rides a gray, and cred out "two of them are missing," while upon his knees by the plough, whereupon the man caught him by the throat and in an instant threw him on his back and sat on his chest, kneeling on his arms, thus rendering him powerless. Although the night was very dark Christie describes him as as wearing a horse's tail for a beard and the upper part of the face masked. The would-be murderer then, notwith- standing Christie's struggles, succeeded by holding his nose in making him swallow part of the contents of a small phial, evi- dently with the intention of poisoning him. As he left him to join his mate Christie heard him say "it's not the German after all. Christie, glad to escape from the clutches of the ruffian, made for the home- stead, where he was quickly dosed with tobacco and salt and water, which doubt- less saved his life. Christie got not only a good fright but a good shaking, going off into a fainting fit every little while. Even now he looks very much like a man who had seen a ghost and expected to see another one. Mounted-constable Mulcahy was quickly on the scene of action, and would have wired for the black trackers, but the heavy continuous rain obliterated all signs of their tracks. Nevertheless he don't despair of running the villains to earth yet. As usual Barnawartha is not going to be behind hand on the ail engrossing occasion of theQueen's Jubilee. Our worthy Presi- dent of the Yackandandah Shire, Mr. John Burrows, has donated £5 towards the object in view, which amount is being rapidly augmented by local subscriptions. The programme is to have a huge bonfire on the summit of the Lady Franklin Mount, ac- companied by a discharge of fireworks. The prominence of the mount, visible as it for more than 20 miles around, should make the display most effective. Willing volun- teers have promised their aid in the some- what arduous task of placing the necessary materials in position. It is proposed to hold the illumination on the evening of Monday next, the 20th inst., so as not to interfere with the Chiltern pic-nic and fireworks to.take place on the 21st. But I question if our folks are not right anyhow, as the 20th June, 1837, was the date of Her Majesty's accession to the throne. I would recommend your readers to have a good look out in our direction about 7 o'clock p.m.; as to witness the great event on this evening named. It's an old saying "the course of true love never did run smooth. Just fancy — A couple of true blood gumsuckers, devotedly attached, to two sweetly pretty divinities of the same calibre, wishing to do an effective line thought at the last moment a buggy was a desideratum tu take t>ho|r lady loves to the. .appointed rendezvous, but boing (lienor ,ii>ng in oocnmpiismng ineir oojccs two likely' lads o.ilK-d in and aticcocdad in onticing tliu dmiisels to tak'o a iving and walk. with. -thorn to- thu soene of notion. Poor 0. and P. after, securing ' tho buggy aud learning the state of affairs bocime luny.nt'being.cut'out by young P. and Q.. so after imbibing about seven wliiakii'B, and taking a, flask, with tlidm, thOy- drove their baggy to thu social, vowiag vengeance on the devoted hctids of P. ami P., but sobered down a bit when thoy 'found upon'' their arrival that P. and Q. were right Inwers, so collapsed, feqling themselves euchred. 'What;alhob|o,iinl|pal;ia the. liorsu how nsofnl; and what a blessing and comfort ko-iaJfl than.) Yos) very iiraolfiso, slys the lucky propristor of tho nohlo anitqal that smashud bis bpggymp twlbe; wilfully took tbo gripes, got stranded in trying to jump, afencoapdilpiqi beiqg.tmnbd .out iii lioli- blob bit them oil and cleared out to tho top ; of hlouutilitunklin,- 'and dpetvb'ultig driven I after A hard day's, riding succefdeji ,jp get, ti&g; a\7by b'jjain fniib1 till) very guto of the' ; paddock, although Burroimdod by a cordon i of about 15, the lucky 'oWn'or' (it hoiug dark I by.thib timo) tripping ovor a stump into a 'neat of thistles, aqd,unliko King: Richard i tho Third who cried ' a lioree, a horse, my ;kingdpAUfofia,hbrso,'brietl">a g'An',' a guii, 'my buggy for s gun," lint, alas, tbo gun not being forthcoming the noblo animal careered- away with n - triumphal1 J&eigh; which sounded vory inucii like a laugh up tho sides of Mount Franklin, again l»:i viug the lucky proprietor hu'iiin r incenso in qnite a newpiratinn of pr.y.-r on behalf of tiie noble animal, and siyagely-pulliiig tiio prickles out of Ilia hands with his front teeth. '" ' Scene — Mac's IIold, B iruy, Tim.'— 7 n.in. Subject — Luckv Jnc.' Hip, hip, linrrah. Hi there, sta'nd off the grass enn't ynli. Come on boys, all linLtjs, nnd have a whisky. Ain'f l a clever, boy— two bloom ing twins— both blooming buys— got them last, night— they came in' tho Apeniul. Ua, ha. he, Providenoo is good lo'me. He took nwny one' nnd gave mo two for il. God bless 'cm - ' God bless evoryhody. I love you all. Have another whisky, shake hands everybody, and givo mo another bottlo to lake home. , I can liek the lot of' jriii, even old i Tod Thncker.' I'm n plilmj-And; iny wife's a plummer. :- Juat fancy. twb' bTooin- ing boys;' Oomo' orij' lt't'al'hSiVo',aiSUther .wiiiBky, all -hands 'nnd the' fcobfr.'HaV lira, lm, nin't I a lucky-boy. - lICBt mhll (hie) in Barnawartha. Another whisky (hie) boys, — just ono more (bic) —one mare just (bic). .Tableau. Gono bung. 