LADIES' COLUMN. OUR GRANDMOTHERS. In the National Review tot November the Countess of Jersey attempts to answer Mrs. Lynn Linton's argument on the results of the j "Woman's Movement" by pointing out that our grandmothers and great-grandmothers were quite as emancipated as their descen dants, and certainly were not more "domes- | tioated. clarinda's diary. Here, for instance, is an example from good Queen Anne's reign:— The love of pleasure and the vacuous liveB of the laaies of Pope's day are nowhere better satirised than by Addison in "Clarinda's Journal of a Week." It is too familiar and too IODg to extract In its entirety, but Wed nesday may Berve as a specimen:— From 8 till 10— Drank two dishes of choco late in bed, and fell asleep after them. From 10 to 11—Eat a slice of bread and butter, drank a dish of Bohea, and read the | Spectator. From 11 to 1—At my toilette; tried a new hood. Cave orders for Veny to be combed and washed. Mem.—I look best in blue. From 1 till half em hour after 2—Drove to the Change. Cheapened a couple of fans. 11114—At dinner. Mem.—Mr. Froth passed in his new liveries. From 4 to 6—Dressedj paid a visit to old Lady Blithe and her sister, having before heard they were gone out of town that day. From 6 to 11—At basset. Mem.—Never set again upon the aoe of diamonds. Swift's Modern Lady," in 1728, rises, like Belinda in the "Bape of the Look," at noon, spends her day in shopping, her evening in scandal, and her night, till past 4 in the following morning, in losing large sums at cards. IN HORACE WALPOLE'S TIME. We need but to turn to Horace Walpole to I see that our ancestresses knew how to amuse ■ themselves a little later in the century. What can be more lively than his supper at Vauxhall? [ He goes to Lady Caroline Petersham's house, and finds " her and the little Ashe, or the Pollard Ashe, as they call her; they had just finished their last layer of red, and looked as handsome as crimson could make them." They pick up some other good company in the Mallj but, though Lady Caroline runs up to Lord Petersham with "a familiar spring," he stalks away "as sulky as a ghost that nobody will speak to first." This does not appear to affect the lady's spirits; they get into their barge, with a boat of French horns attending, and little Ashe singing. At Vaux hall the " very foolish Miss Sparr," who has never seen a duel, though she is fifteen and anxious for the fun, tries to get Lord March to fight one, but he laughs her out of it. " At last we assembled in onr booth. Lady Caroline in the front, with the vizor of her hat erect, and looking gloriously jolly and handsome. She had fetched my brother Orford from the next box, where he was enjoying himself with bis petite partie, to help us to mince chickens. We minced seven chickens into a china dish, which Lady Caroline stewed over a lamp, with three pats of butter and afiagou of water, stirring, and rattling and laughing, and we every minute expecting to have the dish fly about her ears. She had brought Betty, the fruit-girl, with hampers of straw berries and cherries from Rodger's, and made her wait upon us, and then made her sup by us at a little table. The conversation was no less lively than the whole transaction. In short, the whole air of our party was suffi cient, as you will easily imagine, to take up the whole attention of the garden; so much | that, from II o'clock till half an hoar after 1, we had the whole concourse round our booth: at last they came into the little gardens of each booth on the sides of ours, till Hany Vane took up a bumper and drank their health, and was proceeding to treat them with still greater freedom. It was 3 o'clock before we got home." " advanced" women in 1711. Lady Mary Wortley Montagu's uncle wrote 1 to the Spectator:— Whilst they should have been considering { the proper ingredients for a sack- posset, you should hear a dispute concerning the mag netic virtue of the loadstone, or perhaps the | pressure of .the atmosphere. In a late fit of the gout I complained of the pain of that distemper, • when my niece Kitty begged to assure-me that, whatever I might think, several great philosophers, both ancient and modern, were of opinion that both pressure and pain were imaginary distinctions, and that there was no each thing as either in I rerum natwA. I have often heard them affirm that the fire was not hot; and one day when L with the authority of an old fellow, desired one of them to pnt mv blue cloke on my knees, Bhe answered" Sir, I will reach the oloke; but, take notice, I do not do it as allowing your description: for it might as well be called yellow as blue; for colour is nothing but the various infractions of the rays of the sun." Miss Molly told meonedsy that to say snow was white Is allowing a vulgar error; for as it contains a great quan tity of nitrous particles, it might more reason- j ably be supposed to be black. POLITICAL WOMEN. ladies took to politics long before Primrose League or Women's Suffrage days, Nor were "platform women" unknown to these good old days. The Mirror of over a hundred yean ago says:—"In London, to which plane we are always to look for the 'Glass of Fashion,' the ladies,hot satisfied with showing their spirit in the hold look, the masculine air, ana the. manly garb, have mode inroads into a province from which they were formerly considered as absolutely excluded; I mean that of public oratory. Half-a-dozen Societies have started up this winter,- in which female speakers exercise their powers of elocution before numerous audiences, and canvass ail manner of subjects with the freedom and spirit of the boldest male orators." The Duchess of Devonshire and the Westminster election have often been cited; but if, as is generally allowed,' Miss Edgeworth gives a fair picture of the manners ana customs of her generation, what shall we think of the conduct of the ladies in Bel inda f' An election takes place; Mrs. Lut tridge posts down to begin her canvass, and away posts her enemy, Lady Delaoohr, to canvass for a cousin of her friend, Mrs. Freke. lady Delaconr is ambitious to have it said of herthatshe "was the finest figure that ever appeared upon canvas." On the day of elec tion (f nomination) she and fibs. Freke make their appearance en the hustings "dressed in splendid party uniforms," ana distribute ribbons end cockades from tiro enormous panniers. Not to be outdone, Mrs. Luttridge sends for panniers twice as big as theirs. Thereupon Lady Delacour: caricatures Mrs. Luttridge as' "the ass and her panniers/' Mrs. Luttridge, an excellent shot, wishes her self a man, that she might take proper notice of her opponent's conduct. Instigated by Mrs. Freke, Lady Delacour sends her a chal lenge, which is accepted in due form. The ladies and their seconds meet in man's attire ; but the principals are induced to fire into the air, because Mrs. Luttridge is incapacitated by a whitlow on her forefinger from using her right hand. 