LlSllSTlNUEO l'ROM SATI'KI>.W\S JSSl.'K.] GAME OF CHANCE. BY ELLA J. OUUT.S, (.siuui.ky smith), . Author of " Tin: favoumth ok Foktunk," "All fok Huhsklf," "Hi.tLas* Stakh," lite., otc. CHAPTER LXII. Miis. Ekskink Disuussks this Chancks ■ tub OaMK; ; Mrs. Erskino was alone in tho drawing room when Walter Duncombe cnnw in. Smoothing in tho expression of his fuco nlnrnio'd li'or, and she atartod up to moot him with ft very white face. ' What ia tho milter ?' alio cried, ' you look as if you had soon a ghost. 'I aaw something much worao than a ghost; yon know the—the man we wore talking of just now '( ' Good Heavens!' and siie shirred hack into a Heat, ' V«.m du not mean to say that tho man who \nu watching us was—was—' Bho Htnppud abruptly as if choking. ! ^ ' Von.' ho answoivd. 'It was Cleorgo 1 ottingor. L did not recognise him, he iu bo altered; hut lie know me well enough. ' And what—what do you think') la he in his right mind ? ' Yea—1 think he ia sano onough as far as that goes ; but it would not take much to set him oil again, I asked if lie saw the lady who was with me, and if ho know who she was 1 llo said ho had not soon vour face, ao I told him you were Mm. John Erskino. ' Oh, do you think 'that was wise 1 What did ho aay ? ' Well, ho got rather oxcitod, nnd said ho wialiod ho had known. ' But did ho iiot mention Ilossitur i Did ho ask if she wiw hero '( • ' Ho seems to know she is not with you now,1 Duncombe answered. ' And horumem borod suddenly who T was, and worked him self up into a rage, and acouaed me of haviii" t*ed to take Ilia wife from him ! Now, as f nsvor saw her after alio bocMino Mrs. Pot tingor,, until the day alio camo to the Her mitage, I was able to give him the lie. I wish ho had shown light, as I c>uld then liavo given him a rap on thu head that would liavo lloored him ? lint ho didn't ; he "ot cowed at once when I gave him a shaking. ' Well,, what happened then f 1 am sure you are hiding something. ' Upon my soul, I'm not. I havo nothiug to hide. I said you should hoar that I had soon him, and 1 desired him not to attempt to cone hero worrying you. I do not think ho will ; ho said ho was on his way to •Stillingfort, to look for his wife, and you may bo very auro I said nothing to stop him, or to put him on her track. : ' And when lie leaves Slillingfort, ; ' Ho says he has got a good placo ; I did not ask him where. ' I do not'think it would bo a bad plan,' said Mrs. Erskino, after a pauBO, ' to let him and Rossitur moot, if it could bo managed. ' I think T could manage it,' Duncombe answered, ' but it might not bo ao easy to get tier away from Kim a;;ain. .It might talco more timo, you see, than wo could sparo,' he added, as ho seated himself besides her, ' and that would bo ruin. No, my dear. Take my advice, and do not lut him got on her track if you can help it ; hut if ho should stumble upon lior by accident— ; ' Well. What llion. ! ' He must bo got rid of at all hazards. Shut up for life iu an asylum, if there is ; no other way. As long as ho ia at liberty thriro's no socurity for her, unless, bIio is wiao enough, as 1 havo ao often advised, to go out of England. 'lam weary of tho vory sound of her name. You do not know how I hate it, Walter,' and Mrs. John broke down suddenly, into hystorioal sobs, 1 you wore right in what you said to me just now ; I am losing all my courage, and tho thought that that man may come here any momout, and force me to aeo hiin, is killing mo. .What am 1 to do. Oh—what am I to do. Ho put his arm round her and drew her to him. Do what I have so often askod you to do. Come away with me to night—to-morrow. We can bo married in London, or abroad; you would like to send a certificate of tho marriage to tho pooplo horo. Otherwise— well, you know. Or, lot mo toll Sir John that wo are ongagad, and want to bo marriod as soon, and a* privately as. possible. You can make your short widowhood the oxauae for a very private marriago. Why do you hesitate ? I givo you my word of honour nk a gentle man, that if, in twenty yours honpo, that-^— ' Oh, hush !' alio cried in^ploringly, ' I do not doubt you, but I dare not consent. Something seems to hold mo back! The announcement of the marriago will got into tho newspapers, and will bo read—every where! And then—and then— ' That argument will apply anytime with in tho next ten—or the noxt forty yoaiy!' he said, impatiently. 1 And in a game of chance like ours, we can but play our beat! And I think, my doar, all things considered, I deserve bettor treatment at your hands.' Ho withdrew his arm from about her, and got up, looking hurt and angry. Yes ; I repeat it. Far better treatment. It is not every man— ' I know—T know!'she interrupted, 'You mean it ia not every man who would have taken a hand in such a game. But, after all, you have somothing to win ; and I havo lived long enough in the world to know that if a man takes a fancy into his head, lie will go through tire and water to gratify it. And a woman too, for that matter. But remember, I havo something to think of besides the gratification of either love or liking ; and, unless I am driven into another course, I mean to remain Mrs. John Erskino while that man lives. If T lose one game, I must try and win the other. ' I quite understand your play,' he said. 'But does it not occur to you that tliore may be limits to my patience ? . ' ' I cannot help it. I am not fool enough to suppose that, if it suited you, you would not givo mo up to-morrow J I do not think you would play mo any shabby trick !' she added, lookiug at him with rather a poor attempt at a smile ; and, as he passed before her, (ho was walking up and down tho room) she put out her hand to fake his. , ' Ah ! You give me credit for that much ■ honour and honesty V ho said. ■ Yes—arid I ! lovo you too!' ho added, as lie knelt besido'her and caught her hands in his. ' You aro tho most beautiful woman I ever saw. ' And if my beauty is to last, I suppose I must not worry too much about that mad man V she answered with ft hard Jiftlo laugh. ' Horo is Aunt Louise ; and that odious little Masham woman is with her,' she added. ' Do not let them find you here—go out by that open window and come Tound; you will find us at tea. When the two ladies came in, thoy found Mrs John alone. She was loaning back in her chair; her oye3 were closed, and her arm hanging limply down. ' Poor dear!' osclaimed Miss Lambton, she h?s fainted again! But the ?7£-s a very alight one; , it had passed away before thp Restoratives, hurriedly eent for by Mis? Lambjtpn, arrifpl, ' 1 was walking in (ho wood with Mr Dun combo and u man frightened mo,' sho ox I'lamed., ' I must talk to Sir John noout it. And tho name evening aftor dilinur sho asked Sir John tocometohor in horownaitting room. Sho und Duncmhe hud hud a hurried consultation just before lio wont away, and it was agreed betweon them that Mrs John was to toll hut father-in-law of tho appearance of I'oMingcr. ' I think 1 ought to apeak of him us an cscnpcil lunuUe,' nho paid, 1 nnil aay l am terrified at tho baro idea of Heoin« him. '.I hopo you do not feel ill, my love,' said Sir John in his anxious fussy miinnur, as lie hurried into Amy's room and sat down be side hor. ' 1 was quite frightened when/ found you were not coining to dinner: and Louise tells mo you hod a slight attack of faintnoss in Mi 3 afternoon. You look verv poorly, my darling. Quite fagged. That's what it is; fagged. I suspoot you want bracing, i wish 1 had thought of asking those London doctors wlmt they thought ofso.i air for you. We will send for Sumner, he's as clover as any of tliom, and ask him what ho thinks of a m.utli at. Scarborough l,y „ml I do not cam for the sea very much,' Mrs John answered. :M'get so tanned; but I .hire say Scarborough would bo vury nice for a change. But do not lot us talk about it now, please; 1 have so much to say. to i on dearest .Sir John! ] suppose you have noticed that Walter Duncombo 1ms been with ui a great deal lately, and I thought I should like to bo the lirat to tell you that he wants to bo my liltlo .Tacky'a step-father boiiiu day! ' The boy's stop-father I" cried Sir John. Good heavens, Amy ! You do not mean to say you want to marry again ! Oh dear, no ! Not for a long timo, of course My poor Jack is not quite a year dead yet ; but I could not say no to dear Walter, could I ? lie is so fond of mo, and so—so — .veil—so anxious to be married! But I told him eran/thinj depended upon you, and that ho must be patient and wait foi a while. But you will lot us bo happy by and hyo, will you not, doarest Sir John? There was such a lump in tho poor i old man s throat that he could not speak at, once^ "I never thought of such a thing i Never !' he blurted out. ' I—I don't approve of second marriages, and I cannot say that Diincombo in a man I like, s Not that I know anything against him,' ho added hastily, afraid of having given nood'loss pain, ' and if your heart is sot upon it, my dear girl, 1 must givo in, of course ! I must not lot my old fashioned prejudices stand in tho way of your happiness ! Hut you will luavn mo tho hoy ! Won't you, Amy ? ' ' Of course ! Of course,' and she squoezod his hand. 'Ho ought to bo yours ! And doarest papa John, you will not tako !my little fortune from me whon I marry again, will you I 1 know my beloved .^Valter does not want or expect anything with me, but. I should liko to have somothing ,of any own. i 'My darling! It delights mo that you look upon mo as a father. Do you think I could bo such a shabby wretch ? My , son's widow must not be dopoiulonl upon any man. You shall havo your jointure 1 for your life, my dear ! Do not be uneasy!! I believe my pet has boon fretting about it all this timo. 'No, no, dearoat Sir John ! Yes—papa, if you wish it,' and she throw her arms round his nock and kissed him. • ft was only this very day that Walterproposod to me, and I want you, please not to spoak to him about our engagement just yet. for nothing is settled. It is a very different thing that is worrying me, and I want you to help me. You know that dreadful woman Rossitur, my former maid, married darling Jack's soldier servant., George Puttingor, and lie went mad, pour wretch, tho day my blessed angel was killed at the Polo match. Yes ; you know all that. Well, ho lias boon dis charged from tho asylum, or else ho has es caped ! (please, do not say a word until I havo done) for I am sure ho is as mad as over —Oh ? do please let me finish. I hoar ho is going about everywhoro looking for Itossitur, and I am so afraid of sociug him ? Mad people have such an effect upon me ? Yon havo no idea what it is. ' But, my dearest girl, ho is not mad now. I assuro you he is not ? Why I have just—— ' But I am sure ho is, and if ho comes hero worrying mo about Itossitur, I don't know what will .happen. ' He will be satisfied whon ho knows you can tell him nothing. 'But when lie gets one of thoso mad fits, ho always says I am his wife ?' criod Amy. • Ho noarly frightened mo to death in Simla? I shall nevor forget it. Tried to drag mo oil' with him. It took throe men to got him .'t\v;iy from me ! He was perfectly mad, of courso, but if it happened again it would kill mo, 1 know it would. Could you not havo him shut up again ? ' But he is coming lioro noxt Tuesday ' oxulaim'ed Sir John, driven to his wit's end. ' And ho is as sane as I am ? He will not tak;o.you for his wife ! '.Coining hero on Tuosday—to this house! What do you uu.iu ?' and Mrs. John turned a white startled faco and frightoned eyes upon her companion. ' Do you mean that you have engaged him as a servant ? • IJo is coming here as my own man?' answorad Sir John, his voice high pitched with oxcitemont. As ho spoke, his daughter-in-law foil bank on the couch in a dead faint, and ho rushed to the bell and rang it violently. ( To be continual.) 