MB. STEVENSON'S POEM' S. (THE TIvorES ) As a writer of prose Mr. Stevenson has long since secured a very high position; a position, in fact, so high that those who care for literature as such do not willingly pass by anything that he writes. Whether at be a story or an essay, the description of a fight at sea or fugitives crawling over a Scotch moor under a blezing August sun, a series of Sternlike meditations as he drops down a French river in his canoe, or a bit of choicely-told biography-whatever he touches he touches with the hand of a master. He speaks as a man to men and as a boy to boys, and breathes over all he writes that air which is most often missing in the works of mode, n men of letters, the air of living experience and Intense reality. And now he comes before the world with a little, thin volume of verse, and those whose admiration of his work has been steadily growing till now t must look upon the experiment with interest. and even with anxiety. Is is not, I indeed, his first experiment in poetry; he has already published "A Child's 1 Garden of Verses," very charming and individual, but not so serious an effort as s this. We may say at once that, did it stand alone, there would be nothing in the volume b-fore us to make the author fear criticism, but, even if there were, his pathetic dedication would disarm it i For tho book is dedicated to a whole college of physicians-to all those doctor. whose cheerfulness and courage and ski I have helped the writer thronugh a weary fight against long and disabling illness. But illness bas left no traces in the book, save where here and there it has touched a page with indefinable melancholy, or has brought for a mrment intosharp contrast the writer joy in living and his knowledge that "the w ilows of the Styx" are not far distant The modern doctors are beginning to wonder whether genius is not always accompanied by one or other fortm of disease ; whether I the fire which breathes through the [ utterances of writers of real imagination is not always accompanied by. some slightly abnormal physical state, some quickening of the pulse beyond what ordinary health allows. We will leave this question to Mr. 1 Stevenson's doctors to settle among them. selves; but of this we have no doubt, that his little volume of 140 pages is a book of genius. It is equal to the author's prose It is charming from end to end, lightly and truly touched throughout, and instinct with 1 the personal character of the writer. It is true that he calls it " Underwoode," taking the title from Ben Jonson, and, with a I pleasing humour, he introduces it in the following quatrain: Of all my verse like not a slngle line, OBut likets my title, 'sr It ls n ,t mine That title from a htter mans I stole; Ah ! how much bhtter h d I el'o the whole ! Nothing could be neater; but Mr. Steven. eon must not expect his readers to agree with him. Ben Joneon was a great writer; but among the many reasons of his greatness was the fact that he was himself. And this is jest what Mr. Stevenson is, a man who has in his hands a personal and individual gift with which to present his country The gift is his own, and that is why it is valued. The note of the volume is struck in a delightful little stanza, printed by itself 'without title Rlng itearlier, Mnse. or evermore be etill, Sing ternr or no looer ll, I No mpce the voice of rrelancholv Jaques To w.ke t weeping echo In the hill ; Bat as the eoy, the plrate ti the spinln. From the geen elm a living lberet t.kee, One aetural v.r recapture -then be stll. " One natural verse"-that is what Mr. Stevenson hae gtiven ao. ad re Is the aturan e rm o.e.de ,t eo that ls Its leading Squality. His poems are the straightforward utterance of a thoroughly sane and, at the same time, exqusitely sensitive mind. It r cannot be said tnat he has been uninfluenced by the other poetry of the time. for he is a man of letters who has reed widely as he has felt deeply; but he is entirely free Ifrom one-sidedness, from loving a fancy Ijut because it is recondite, from that tgoing after strange rhymes and other terturirgo of speech which is the fault of so many of the distinguished poets of the present day. Mr. Stevenson suggests I literary associations In abundance, but they are of the best sort. They are, if we may use a phrase much in favourwith Mr. Matthew Arnold "of the centre." Here and there Mr. Arnold himself is suggested, I especially through Mr. Stevenson's fondness for that simple octo- syllabic couplet in which the elder poet has writte. n-mch I and eo well. Now anI lthen we nave a line that recalls Wordsworth, such as "The I incomparable pomp of eve;" one poem, " To I a Gardener,' is almost pure Herrick; and I most of the poems in the Scotch dialect I which fill the latter half of the volume are a literal carrying cut of the old Lowland verse tradition, though they remind us of Fergueson rather than of Burns. But all this is just as it should be, and the literary I suggestions are such as really to enrich the volume rather than, as is so often the case, s to obscure the author's own individuality. It la time, however, to give a few a examples of Mr. "Stevenson's verse.. Here I is his cheery little Envoy, which, to be sure, s pictures a very delightful framework of life I in a delightful way: 5 Go, little book, and wish to all r Flower In ts gtrdeo, meat In the hall, A his of wlne, a spice of wit. A home with iawas enclosolg It, A Ilvine river by the door, A nlghtlsga'e l the Sycamore. t More ambitions is " The House Beautiful," in which the poet gives in a couple of pages a sketch of ti'e beauty of the changing seasons, than which it would be difficult to r find any in literature at once more simple a and more true. .A sased house, e naked moor, t Asehvelrleg pool btoren the doer, A garden bse of flowers and frult, And pop are at he garden foS : Such ",she place that lire Isn, Bleak without and bare within. Yet shall your raged moor receive e The ineomprahle pomp of erve, And theold g oraie ofl the dawn; Behind your shiverlg trees he drawn ; SAnd hsa the wind rom plee toa place SDoethe s unamoored led naileons thaees r our erdsa eleam end gleam a the, W wah le(pNo. sue, wilh Klhnclu e oa, li"e o re Ihall t the e ases d mIs n ute nd wm" The h rof enhel, ansthe .uonkied e f, STheer nirrbou hollon, dry or wet, mon t prlns shall with tender fl qter beIset;, b a ndeonI?e mor l'scmeerseee e L itrks rideg trem the bmomy isa. ered ever y rat whel aNod thread . OS cobweb dew.bedlemosdrd. Whet dlete io. shall wisnteer time eL liver the r.imple grei 'v h lime ; i r Au'mosl trras enchaot tte peol And whes snwo-btliht the seor sopunds. 5ow shell year children clap shel, hendo I . To mate this earth, our hsrmleoge, A rherrinol and a chbogeeul p hs. God's bright ant tntrlcate drevle SOldoys s d seesone oth sufie. . .: PWe have already mentioned the ver.e "To a Gardener ;" we might, did space Spermit, follow it with the admirably vigo roeu verses entitled "Our Lady of the Snowae' (No. 23), in which this lover of life, In all its variety and vilgor, conetrasts his own ideal with that of the monks who0 : "aloof, unhelpful, and unkind," exist far away in their monestery among lbs moon' talsa. Still better worth quoting, because more permonal In Interest, are the fine verses "To my Father" (No. i81--that is, to the lats Mr. Thomas Stevenson, well known throughout Scotland as a distin gnished engineer and builder of light Pslos eed her htee isessdos to tere seores Puts daily homea tnnmesrable sill Deaw on the atarho.h?ea ead draw snear ; I~eamerable 'soes, unaoueted hop. To our wilO sea t., no dtktlleg oc, appeerec; Not snw cencre, sis thootsee thtusiare there, aed bright on the lone Ilie, the foendered reeS, hts mog, sremindleg foe-land. Phueoe staos. the.. wee thy cartL. 0 fthsr, the. thy roevn; whether en hith the air be pure, thar stine t Alons Ieyhayloe..lg m neS snd e1llnght Amoag the nunmnua ed irsV of God they sties; ) Or wobther Socs arlee sad fIr end wide Ths law me-l?te drown --ee h s endsl d toenoe Add anl nsibtlong Ith 5enlire bell unOseses; s' riles, n Iell till nbet os Oeerpns, Till the sie vanish. t:ll the sen retai, £sd in thet haen rides tho essicu, e. e the firt hour, the esa?a is his skiff Moee through th. unmovish bay, ao where the lts esrllet -metelneo the nehr obeeasie. end the maugh hStel, sirlm alons the beach. ITo thebtgc'd sare the f ietst ech speaks. The.hlp tLs rinMSng, chess by ret snderoce thon od tn y Illhtg have Led beirs aleelld. rlnt sr us s on, s.d - can I be bast? Imusa artoe, O fstler, asd ts ,o.t imns Ire ' comtbltain g amo pllotbrme. We are very much mistaken if this short poem, admirable alike in the technique of its verse and in the thought and its expression, is not destined to take its place among the poems that will live. Half the volume is. as we have said, written in the Scotch dialect, and the due, appreciation Lf these poems we must leave. for Scotch readers. Englishmen, however,. will be perhaps more charmed than the' sensitive Scotch with the rote in which, Mr. Stevenson describes his difficulties in handling his native dialect, and the mortal fear in which he stands of the critics who' will distingaswh the Scotch of Lauderdale from the Scotch of Angus, and both these fro that of the Lothiase. " Let the pre icioisn," he writes, "call my speech that of' the Loohiane. And if it be nos pure, alas ! what matters it The day draws near when - this illustrious and malleable tongue shallbe. quite forgotten; and Burne's Ayrshire and h Dr. Macdonald's Aberdeen-Awa', and Scott's brave metropolitan utterance, will be all equally the ghosts of` espech. 7lill then I would love to have my hour as a native Maker, and be read by my own countryfolk in our own dying language, \- -an ambition surely rather of the heart than of he head, so restricted as it is In proepeot of endurance, so parochial in bounds of space." We will content ours nelves with but one example of these Scotch pcoms, and that the poem which requires. , 'st aid from the glossary-the pathetic' little song in which the author utters once more the old cry about the death of friends. I L 's'- owmrcenso ctb forasge en' youth e Aod It brooks ?i' use deolal. That the dmareet a(lds use tbe auldeat friends An.d the youon are fast on trial. oheres a rlval banld wl'young as' ald Ard It's him she' has berelft me; - For the uorest frlnd are the sd friends And the maist a' mines has left me. r here are hind hesrts till, for frlendsto fill And fools to teheand break them; But the neoreno I lends are the sauldett friends, r And the gr.'vo's the plmce to seek tIbtm. It is hardly possible-in these days at alli events-that an author should take his place among the great !poets unless he comes for. ward with a. claim on the ground of quantity as well aS on the ground of quality. Mass must count for something, and Mr. Stevenson has not mass. No more, however0 has Gray or Collins; nor, for the matter of that, Catullus or even Horace-if it is not d protane to mention those old workers in gems with the men who have the misfortune to be of to-day. We will not make vain comparisons, but we will say that, within its limited and strictly personal range, Mr. Stevenson's little book is about as good as it could be.' It is literature, and to bow limited a class of modern books that word belongs those know beat who read most of' them. 