days' 6f crime \- - - A35B' years of suffering : As Autobiography. (Reprinted from'' The Australasian" of 1867 by Special Permission ) CHAPTER X THE SIXES, IS BIT AND HE SIXES AGAIN". ~ On arriving atMaidBtxme I went to the Railwaylnn, and remainedthere till tiie next morning. 2fot liking tie house much, I removed in thecourse of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give the world a foil account rof: my proceedings when I anj., doing others, it is. only fair Chat lBh09ld.be equally communicative when ! gbidone myself. I affected billiards, iand fancied Icould play well. There was a billiard-roominthehotel, and to it I wentxm the evening after my arrival there. : JQiere was presenta rather sfylish-iotokingperson, . who intro duce.hinierelf^ij^^ the^cpurse of the night. He ^ld mtenB-w^ii officer in the : ayal Artifley^ si^Jtedrecently invented ome wonderfiilix«i«et,. which he gave a yfery hard name I forget. He invited me to pl^ liim. I did so,: . and won £5 from lMifli&t; Wight, promis ing to meethim evening. But! was aiot>to bie^iie llikt sianaer. I knew it was a among : sharpers to .allow the:^|j$imj*j| ¥in some thing at first,' and afe^lM Sdi^e "slight idea that the artillAy. itelitleman's munitions of war chiefly by his wits, I was not goi% fcVe^lucked so innocently as he imagined.T&W.; him the next night, hnf. lltSatafo? alleging asa reasonthatl hfeii^^at^Ber ing from a nervous attack aii .ia^i ; The officer seemed by no means disiiMtoitoitted, but entered into conversatien ittth6 faiiost degage manner, aid finally pjrtUjp^i jo introduce me to a young lady tb his was paying his addresses. I arienmMf^fed him in a cab some two or three of Maidstone, but where ! know we alighted at a little cottage, iilfc6, ithfe parlor.' of which we-were imme^iwt^ shown.by:ihe servant girl who the door. Nobody was there. Itiaftlfr minutes a young lady, certainly not Iimite • than seventeen, made her appearance, t, was introduced in the'approved fashioii— Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton,—"Mfo Hamilton, Miss Nelson." I have never seen Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recollection of her. She wasgood-looking, could sing charmingly, and had the moBt fascinating manner imaginable.' Wine was introduced,, and although X drank only a couple of glasses, it had such an effect. upon me" that I found it im possible tp keep my. eyes open. Of the after events of that nightl can remember, but-little. The next morning I awoke, with a most spotting headache, and found .myself in nay own room in >■ the. Royal ..Hotels I jumped, out Jof my bed and ; .^4f®ssed myself, andOn PYamining my ; ' pockets X found that I hM been robbed of : all my money'except a solitary ~;£10 note, whith, being in a separate pocket, had either Escaped , notice or been charitably left me by the thief. All thieves are dread ful bad losers. I'was 110 exception to the rule, and I could have cried for very vexa tion. I :rang the bell* and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. He told me that I was brought to the- hotel about one o'clock that morning ; that the gentleman who came with ma in the cab said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated; he and'the gentleman had carried me upstairs, and that the gentleman gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress me get me into bed. Of. course I saw in a moment that it was a regular: "diamond-? cut-diamond "afiair, and as talking would not bring my money back, I said nothing of my loss. . Ihaveseen the '' military offifcer " since then. We worked together in chains in the saniecarfcsome few years ago, and I j^iplr recognized him by hi« telling the j^Wofthe " young swell at Maidstone " for {jie especial edification of myself and the other cart parties. Having beenso completely cleaned out, it behoved me ito buckle to at once to re plenish- my empty pockets, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy \- finessing scliemes, 1 was compelled to im mense Immediate operations. That very day, with--tiie zeal of ancient Strabo, I made myself xMmpletely master of the geo graphy of the' place, and iefore night I not only knewhow all the rooms were situated, buthadmademveelf pretty weiiacquainted with the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it is quite common for a well-dressed thief to take apartments in an hoteland " barber " all the inmates; in other words, to get up in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal as much as possible. This,, in technical language, is called " Dancing a lushing drum." Philosophers define instinct as " knowledge prior ito experience,"and as I certainly at thattime was wholly without experience inauch matters, I must have been under the guidance of the instinctive faculty. I didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The book was of a moral and religious charac ter, but it failed to influence me with its arguments. By one o'clock the house was silent, and out I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little nervous -on entering the ■ first room; but,- despite the model sys :tem, I have been remarkable for good i nerves on many a trying occasion, and on i ; this first essay in the " dancing " line I was soon as cool as a cucumber. It j would be dull work telling-how I-searched | the clothes, made my way to the dressing } table, pocketed purses, watches, chains, (gold pins, and other- articlesthat would i produce " money, and money, in any way." I visited four rooms, and then thought ; it time to return T any. o wn. The next fbedifcomtothat in which,! slept was un ! occupied, and with the "poeket- handker-: | chief of a commercial ^gentleman whom I | had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all -the- watches,..purses* «tc., together, : entered the empty bedroom, • and placed j | them safely out of sight on a ledge up the ; chimney, keeping outa, few sovereigns for j my immediate use. Having done this in < a neat ^d workmanlike manner, I retirted jtobed. • V ? - > j At'.ei^t o'clock I "jumped out of bed, j slipped on my trousers', .and then rang the |bell violently.. *A • waiter iveiy.soon ap peared. . " Tell the landlord I waflthim; fetch [ the- police, I have . been - robbed in the night.' Twentyrthree pounds; and a pro missory note for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-book, all-gone. Who could have done it ?" ' - The waiter,didn't let me go to the end of my sentence, for he ran to the landing and.ca]led out,.Here'-s No JT, has been ;served the^same." i .Op came the landlord. H? said he was jsorry in the extreme; he couldn't con jceive how the thing cotdd have been done. •No loss had ever been experienced in his 'house before." He was s#rry, very, jsorry. The police had been sfciit to inves jtigate the matter, and he hoped they |would 'succeed in tracing the robber. •Fourother gentlemen had been robbed ,'also. ! The inspector of police. came shortly (afterwards/ and looked into the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to have a 'nap there, asked a variety of questions, 'took an inventory of the property lost,and 'then went.away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for as nofunds had- arrived for me I told the landlord Xshould be forced to leave my bill unsettled. Under the circum .stances the landlord of course , could not reasonably demur, andat the week's end Lleft ^Maidstone,; and proceeded , by the •coach to:Chatham.., • • • ,. . . .1 need, scarcely observe that I had -during.the weekremoved.the ''goods and chattels" from the chimheyledge, and conveyed them to Chatham without-any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the " 'militarygentleman," for although Mot in the house on the night in question, he was well acquainted withthe premises, and his sudden disappearance was unac countable, .Otherwise than, by connecting him with the robbery.. Thus was my own safety secured, and I at the same time " gratified a double grudge ''^against the 'world and against my particular antago nist. The money - result of my night's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just sufficient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimis- j ing the world, j 