THE VICTORIAN POULTRY AND DOG SOCIETY. I THE DISPUTED TKEASUREKSHIP. A special general! meeting of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society was held at the Apollo-hall, Bourke street east, last night, for the purpose of electing an honorary treasurer, see Mr. Walter Beilby, resigned. The question as to whether Mr. Beilby should be superseded was discussed at a previous meeting, which was alleged on Mr. Beilby's behalf to have been informally convened, and, therefore, those who supported him refused to vote, and left the room. Subsequently Mr. Beilby wrote to the president (Mr. D. Munro) retiring from his office, and hence the meeting last night was held to fill the vacancy. The hall was crowded, about 250 members being present. The president occupied the chair. The PRESIDE, in explaining the object of the meeting, stated that only those who had paid their subscription would be allowed to vote. The meeting had been called in compliance with a requisition signed by 64 members, and, whatever might be the decision of the majority, He hoped the miners) would bow to it with a good grace, and harmoniously help to promote the welfare of the society, from that evening he hoped that there would be nothing like discord in the society). (Cheers.) The Secretary (Mr. Aitken) read the minutes of the last meeting, which contained a notice of motion tabled by Mr. A. H Hopton late secretary of the society, trained to prohibit dealers in dogs and poultry, or anyone who advertised them for sale, from holding office in the society. The PutbiDLM ruled that as the present meeting had been called for another specific purpose the motion could not be discussed. Mr. ROTTON said he had consented to postpone the consideration of the motion at the request of the president. The minutes were confirmed. The following letter received by the president from Mr. Beilby was read . "9 Darling street, South Yarra, April 29, 1887 ' "To the President Victorian Poultry and Dog Society. Dear Sir-Will respect to the recent control cry that has taken place concerning the letters) or other also at a meeting; of the society, at which a majority voted that in) services as hon treasurer should be dispensed, with, I have considered the matter and have come to the conclusion that such quarrelling: as has recently taken place is highly detrimental to the interest of the forthcoming show, and, whether the measure in question was legal or not to ask your acceptance of my resignation, which is tendered in the hope that a termination of the recent unpleasant miss may facilitate the program of the committee's work in connection with the society's show -I remain, dear sir, yours faithfully), ..IVllTFRBrilBT" The PRESIDENT said the resignation had been accepted, He therefore invited nominations for the honorary treasurership. Mr. W. B. LoiKitiM, nominated Mr. Beilby. (Loud cheers ) Mr. E. D. Drew, in seconding Mr. Beilby's nomination. Bau! that that gentleman was a most enthusiastic member of the society, and he had done more good for it than any other man in it. (Cheers.) Mr. Cohen nominated Mr. John Brown, and Mr. Thorn seconded him Mr. WESTONÎ proposed Mr. John Robertson, who, however, declined to stand, Mr. Uorro.i" commended Mr. Brown to the favour of the meeting as an old member of the society and a keen fancier, who had hold the offices of president, secretary), and, he thought, treasurer of kindred societies, and had always given the utmost satisfaction. Mr, Brown was not anxious to obtain the treasurership, that he had been requested to relieve Mr. Beilby) from the very difficult and unpleasant position he occupied by his having been voted out of it. The 1'BLSlDFNr.-Pardon me, I must correct you. (Cheers ) I must not allow that to be said. I requested Mr. Beilby to act until his successor was appointed. Mr. Horro*! had been about to mention that fact He submitted that Mr. Brown was a fit and proper person to hold the office. Mr. C. LYNOTT, as an old member of the society and aforetime opponent of Mr. Beilby), could not refrain from bearing testimony to the great zeal, energy, and ability be exerted for the interests of the society. In feet, if he had a fault it was that he did too much work for the society, whose interests he had very much at heart. He (Mr. Lynott) was very sorry to see any disunion in the society, and he hoped that now the hatchet was about to be buried. (Cheers.) Mr. Brown was even an older friend, and another fancier the in Mr. Beilby, and he spoke of him with due respect, but he did not think that Mr. Brown had a prior claim to Mr. Beilby, who came forward with a few others at the right time, and backed up the society with his purse. (Cheers.) Mr. Beilby was a straightforward, sterling, honest man. (Loud cheers ) It was to be hoped that he would be put in by a unanimous vote. (Cheers ) The l'ltrsioi-NT said, before taking a ballot, he would call for a show of hands, and li a poll were then demanded it could be carried out. The show of hands give Mr. Beilby a three fourths majority. The I'm mi AT announced that Mr. Beilby bad the majority. (Loud cheers ) A member i plied for a ballot. Mr. Iloi'l-N said the rules of the society required that the treasurer should be elected by ballot. Mr. D. WHITE pointed out that the rule quoted by Mr. Hopton only related to the election of a treasurer at the annual meeting, not to a special meeting (Cheers ) The majority ill Mr. Beilby's favour was so pronounced that he hoped the proposer and seconder of Mr Brown would have the good sense to withdraw him, because to his (Mr. White's) must be had not the ghost of a allow. (Cheers.) In reply to an appeal from the president, Mr. Harris' said, if his friends were agreeable, he would consent to Mr. Brown being withdrawn. (Cheers) Mr. Brown said he had reluctantly consented to be nominated, and that he had no desire to oppose the majority of the meeting, he would now, seeing that he was in the minority, be willing to retire. (Cheers ) Mr. Collier consented to withdraw Mr. Brown's name from nomination. The motion that Mr. Beilby be re elected hon. treasurer of the society was then put to The meeting, and, with great enthusiasm, declared b) The president to be carried unani- mous!). Mr. linear thanked the society for their renewed expression of confidence, which was very gratifying to him. He had intended to leave the society, but the reception given him that evening induced him to say that he would leave his final determination in the, hands of his friends, who had support d linen so handsomely). (Cheers.) It they thought be would serve the interests of the society better by entrusting his work as treasurer to other bands he would be willing to resign it ("No, no.') At the same time he could assure those who did not support him and be wished to observe that they were very few that he would work as heartily and cordially with things as ever, and it he could do anything for them he would be happy to do it. The 1'Iti.sluiAT congratulated the society upon the restoration of good feeling, and anticipated that the forthcoming show would be a IIIEIII) successful one. He might remind the mends in the- SOCK ty that the Secretary would gratefully receive contributions to the spinal prize list. A special prize" of £2 2s. had just been promised by Mr. D. White, (Applause.) A cordial vote of thanks to the president closed the proceedings. 