DORCAS: OR, THE TRIALS OF CHRISTIANITY SIXTEEN HUNDRED YEARS AGO. A STORY OF PRIMITIVE CHRISTIANITY. BY NATHAN BEN NATHAN, AN ESSBNEAN. (AUTHOR OF " ARIUS THE LIBYAN.") CHAPTER VIII.—JUSTICE TO A CHRISTIAN AFTER THE HIGH ROMAN FASHION. (Continued,.) " Most honorable Roman, I do not know of any vile or criminal association, whatever am verily a Christian, but I have done no crime. Is there any such thing as murder, robbery, larceny, lying, cheating or fraud, or any immoral or unworthy conduct, charged against me by any one? If so, I plead not guilty. I am Christian, but have violated no law of the city or of the empire ! " " Stretch forth thy right hand," said the Vice- Prefect." \- Lucanius did so, and it was manifest that the thumb of his right hand had been amputated. " So," cried the officer, " thou art one of the ' Thumbless!' Where is thy thumb ? Didst thou not cut off thy thumb in order to avoid military service due to the most holy emperor (as so many of the same pusillanimous and perni cious sect have done) 1 And yet thon sayest that 4 thou has violated no law of the empire !'" " Verily," answered Lucanius, " I did amputate this thumb in order to avoid military service ; for the law of Christ doth not suffer a Christian to bear arms. But the Roman law does not require a thumbless man to bear arms, so that this thing, done for conscience' sake long years ago, is not a violation of the law." " Art thou a Roman, and yet dest not know that the first duty of a Roman is to bear arms in behalf of his country ? Or art thou a coward and a slg,ve thus ignominiously to maim thyself? " " There was no law forbidding any Roman to cut off his thumb if he had cause to do so, and I had good cause enough." " I asked thee art thou a coward ? Art thou afraid ? " said the Vice-Prefect angrily. Then said the Christian mildly: "Most honorable Roman, I do not think that I would be afraid to die, but I would be afraid to put another man to death. Thou shalt not kill,' is the law of God ; and the fact that an emperor, or some other man, might order me to perpetrate the crime, can furnish no excuse for my conscience. I might face death, perhaps, as quietly as other men do—for personal courage is the lowest and commonest virtue of mankind, if it be virtue— but I would not inflict death or wounds on any man that lives." " So, so!" murmured the Vice-Prefect. " These Christians will not fight, not even to defend themselves against injustice ; not even in defence of the superstition for which they do not fear to die ! " Then in a louder tone he continued : " Dost thou know the edict of the most holy Emperor Maxentius concerning the odious Christians ? " " Yea," said Lucanius, " I have heard the law!" " And thou knowest that the law requires me to put thee to torture until thou deny this Christ and burn incense to some god of Rome; or until thou confess the secret purposes and designs of this accursed and criminal association, which have hitherto baffled all inquiry of the government; or until I am satisfied that thou art hopelessly obdurate and blinded by this pernicious superstition." " Yea," answered the Christian calmly, " such, indeed, do I suppose to be thy duty and thy purpose; nor do I blame thee, noble Roman, although I would that the law were not so cruel and unjust. Let me solemnly declare unto thee (as I suppose others have often done before) that the only reason the government • hath always failed, and must always fail, to discover any secret, criminal purpose or design of the Christian communities, is because they have no such design or purpose. There is nothing secret in Christianity, except that so long as we are persecuted by the law we hold it as a matter of conscience and of brotherly love not to betray the brethren." " I have heard all that before," said the Vice- Prefect, harshly. " Thou knowest the law ; wilt thou now curse this Christ, and burn incense to Jupiter, without the torture, and so save thyself intolerable pain ? " " Nay ! " said Lucanius quietly ; " not for any tortures that thou canst inflict, God helping me!" " Take him, lictors ! With the thumb screws crush ye the remaining fingers of the hand which he hath mutilated, one after the other, and report me!" Then seized they him, aud hurried him into an adjoining chamber, whence soon came the moaning^ of: intolerable. anguish shuddering ttaiugh he, hall. Then the man's voice wasjjiprd,, , iSjv " 0 Joans, Saviour, strengthen me ! "j^.T^.v Thep soon afterward came in the Uct^^tnd eported to the magistrate, saying: C ' " Vice-Prefect, we crushed two fingers, and then ordered the Christian to recant, whereupon he began to call upon Jesus ;„ and then we crushed the two remaining fingers, and the man endured it not, but fainted dead away." " Bring him hither!said the Vice-Prefect. Then they brought back Lucanius, and already he looked weak and old and haggard. Then the Vice-Prefect fixed his eyes upon the man, and said : " Thou hast tasted of the thumb-screws, Christian, and thou remainest obstinate ; but we have yet the rack, that giveth torture compared with which that which thou hath suffered is but child's play. Wilt thou recant or not ? " Then answered Lucanius: « Most honorable Roman, I knew not whether I could endure this agony, and did greatly fear that the fierce pain might force me to dishonor Christ; but now I know. I praise God that hath strengthened me to suffer all things which thou thinkest thy duty requireth thee to afflict* with. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, Amen ! " " It is enough, said the magistrate to the lictors. This kind never yield, and farther question would be useless cruelty. Keep ye him safely until sunrise to-morrow ; give him to eat and drink, and in the morning ye shall release him from custody without molestation." Then the Christian bowed low, saying : " I thank thee much, for thou art merciful, and hast not pressed thy legal authority against me farther than thy duty doth require." " Certainly not," said the Vice-Prefect. " A Roman officer must do his duty, without regard to any personal feeling of favor or of hatred. Thou hast borne thyself well, and thou wouldst be a worthy man if onae get free from thine abominable superstition." Then the lictors took him to his dungeon, to be confined until sunrise, as had been ordered. Then said the Vice-Prefect: "Bring in the girl!" And the lictors brought before him Phoebe, the daughter of Lucanius, " charged with the crime of being a Christian;" and the maiden being placed in the prisoner's dock, her examination proceeded as in the former case, eliciting the fact that she was a Christian, of the age of twenty years, tbe daughter of the former prisoner, The girl was a thorough Roman in every feature, and although her large and lustrous eyes betrayed her secret terror, she was calm and selfpossessed, revealing in the patient quiet of her bearing the self-control that comes of long training in the direction of repressing all outward signs of emotion. " Thon art young and comely, girl," said the Vice-Prefect,' and the fact that no indecorum is laid to thy charge except that thou hast embraced the pestilent and inhuman superstition of the Christians, inclineth me to pity thee ; but thou knowest that I must and will enforce the law against thee, unless thou come hither and upon the little altar there burn incense to the goddess Venus, denying this malignant Christ. Wilt thou not do so. maiden ? " Nay, verily!" Dost thou know the law concerning the Christian maidens ?" " I do not! " " From the days of tlm Emperor Nero until recently," said the Vice-Prefect, " those women who confessed their adherence to this pernicious sect were thrown to the lions or decapitated, or burned at the Stake. But this ancient severity hath been relaxed by the more recent emperors, and, under the most holy Emperor Maxentius, they are, of mercy, no longer put to death. The law sends them not ad leonern but ad lenonem" The emperor is mistaken in regard to clemency," said Phoebe, '' for I,' and every Christian girl, would prefer to go to the lions, rather than endure that of which thou speakest." " But the law is more merciful unto thee than is thy malevolent and accursed superstition; I will give thee until sunset to consider of thy condition. If by that hour thou shalt consent to curse this Christ and burn the incense, thoa mayest go hence ; free ; but if thou remain obdurate, the law shall be enforced, whether thou wilt or not. Think thou well upon it. Lictors, take her to. her dungeon ! " Then they led the girl into one of the dungeons of the place, and closed and shut the door upon her. The small dark room contained only an iron couch, a chair, a small wooden table, on which there was a water jar and an earthen mug. The girl sank down upon her knees in silent, earnest prayer. The Vice-Prefect remained engaged in the examination of other prisoners. He remarked that there was never any necessity for witnesses on the examination of those who were charged with the crime of Christianity, if the charge were true, because in all his experience he had never known one of them to deny the fact. Just at sunset the Vice-Prefect ordered a lictor to inquire whether, after reflection upon the matter, the girl Phoebe was willing to save herself by denying Jesus and burning incense to the idol. The lictor reported that sh,e quietly but obstinately refused to doeither. (To be continued.) 