CIOftISTMA S. "Ohristmas comes but once a year, ,When it comes it brings good cheer." And how diverse, how contradictory is the cheer-mental enjoyment and sorrow, retrospective joy or sorrow ! happy times, sorrowful ones ? A time of laughter; mer- riment, faces beaming with smiled; hearts overflowing with happiness because it is Christmas, and brings good cheer. How one anticipates Christmas-its re-unitings, when tongues wag at such a rate they seem as though they can never be still; when one's hand aches with being shaken; when the blazing fire, lights, holly, mis tletoe, plum pudding, seem the acme of perfection. You good people in this hot country cannot appreciate Christmas as we do. The Christmas tree loaded with pre- sents and eager children round it, the games of blind man's buff and hunt the slipper; the mince pies, the turkey, and especially the pudding, being the theme of childish tongues. Jt .is awiTeasaut ,thing that the most necessary duty of life (eat ing) can be made a time of enjoyment or the reverse. The heart opens, the tongue loosene, the brain expands, words flow like milk, or oil, or vinegar, when one's appe tite is satisfied. We have the oft-quoted "flow of soul l" although it may be very poor, yet it may also be very genuine. All this ld g*e at the Christmas dinner. Father look's at mdtlhd floW andl agaln to meet the responsive look that iml)lidd Slo much thought of one "who is not;" of mutual happiness and trust in each other, of plde in the gtfowil ?One and daughters, and lofi fbi tHoe ridiidffriidrefl. Cll, yes, Christmas is. a bleniod firdle, >;o' the Bnabe whose birthday it is has t'roug'lt peace nid good-will to man. Yet there is another side to.Christmas a ghostly time. It is very strangr ghost stories, or any uncanny thing seems to be a part of the " Christmas chooeer" at home -a time of retribution or reward, It is associated with so much, it stands oct as so many finger-posts in our life, that We are compelled to think by that wonderful faculty of the mind-associat on. And so "God bless you, merry gentleman (and ladies), Lst nothing you dsl?msay, Iememebe, OChrint tihe Lord Was born on hbtistuman D.y." 8\. dl. IOiElaiii', 