. CHAPTER V:: 'Billy Bowes' Tale Concluded. :The Tombstone.-The second Inscription. - Providing for the Future.-At Ballarat.-The Golden Yankee. IsitaGhost ? A~rE"n a short pause, Billy began again in the nasal drawl which was habitual to him, but which he had abandoned when he came to the more pathetic passagcs of the story. ' Wa-al -' said he, ' VWhen thile boys heard the truth of the case there was a rare shine, and it was generally agreed that it 'ud be a fair thing to string up them gamblers; but bless yer, they knowed too much to wait, and, when we come to look for 'em, we found they'd cleared out directly after the execution. When Seth was let go, which was not till the followin' mornin', he didn't say much-a night in the bonds had quietened him so's nobody hardly knowed him. He only axed what they'd done with his pardncr's body, and when lie was shown the grave, le jest sot down on it and motioned the boys off. After a day or two he comnfenced to go about agin as usual, but not makin' no row-he was, so to say, deadly quiet, and them as knowed him al lowed he was twice as dangerous as in the old time when he was rowdy and ramnpagious. He'd go up to a bar and stand there drinkin' for hours, all by himself, never takin' no notice of nobody, unless any strangers was prcsent, and with them he'd be pretty free, axin' all manner of questions, a-tryin to find out what had become of the gambling crowd. One day someone asked him what he intended to do if he met any of those fellers. He didn't reply, he only jest smiled; but sech a smile! Re volvers and bowie-knives was lurking in every wrinkle in it. So it come to be generally understood that Seth intended to make it pretty lively for Hawkins's mates when he kemn across 'en. After awhile a marble mon nyment kem up from 'Frisco, and Seth had it put up over Bluenose's grave. Some of the boys was rather riled at the inscription, which set forth as how Bluenose had been murdered by Lynch law, but nobody cared to interfere, and I don't suppose Seth ever heard anything about it. Not that he'd 've cared-it was of no arthly consideration to him what any man said or thought about him, and it's my belief he'd 've shot down the President of the United States if he'd caught him meddlin' with that tombstone. In old times Seth usen't to bust himself by too much work ; now he was, at it mornin', noon, and night, and the gold he got from his claim was somethin' marvellous. Well, one day when the coach come in from 'Frisco, there gets down off of the box-seat a foreign-loohkin' cove, with thick black beard and moustaches. Seth was a-standin' by, and no sooner did that feller touch the ground than Seth had him by the throat, and' threw him on his knees. Some of the by- standers, thinkin' Seth was gone mad, rushed up, and was a-goin' to lay bolt on him, when lie jerks off the stranger's hat, and tears his hair and beard all off in one lump. Then everybody recognised one of the gamblers, and nobody thought it worth while to interfere. The poor wretch set up screamin' awful, while Seth was coolly cockin' his revolver. But lie didn't shoot-after a minute lie fetched the gambler a kick-' Git up,' sez he, ' you slhall have a fair trial, and if you're found guilty 4.we'll lihng yer quite comfortable on Bluemnose's' :tree, .and with the self-sama .rope - I've .:keot in a-purpus.' The boys ! was..: reg'lar tickled by this notion,. and :a, Court was summonsed at once. ::;The ?, pro ceedin's didn't last long; for, iBluenose's confession had satisfied everybody. that . the gamblers had lied, and before nightfall one:of his murderers had gone tiunder. The next day Seth set to work and sculpt on the tombstone tinder Bluenlose's name-' Sacred also, to the ,nteroty of J/hn Stoney, hanged for the above ,enntioncd murder.'-'T'hat was the only one of the murderers as ever turned up at Dead man's Flat, but I heerd afterwards that three more inscriptions went up on that tombstone, so that prob'bly Seth got quits with theml in some fashion or other. There was jest one other feller left, but I never hcerd whether Seth found hinll out or not ; anyway his uname didn't lignre on the tombstone in my time. When D])eadman's Flat got pretty well worked out, Seth went off somewhere else, and I lost the run of him for three or four years. It was in 'Frisco that I next heard of him. One day I happened to meet two or three fellers as had worked in the next claim to tme on the Flat, and naterally we got talkli' over old timles. !.What do you think about Seth -arect's little game ?' sez one on'em. I said I'd never hierd nothlii' it all abuit that individoonl Itl years; and then he up and told lue as how Seth was the talk of the whole town. It appeared he'd made an aswful pile at the diggil's, aulI' conice down to '"Fris.o with a bank account as long as lily arm. Now what does that extr'or'nary critter do ? In course he has a spree-not one of the good old sort, but a savage, melancholy kind o' spree, all to himself. lie waltzes around all the kons in 'frisco for some days, drinkin' like mad, and fightin' whenever" he gets the chance; and gamblin' and winnin' money like as the devil was at his elbow. Suddenly lie knocks it all off; and walks into the bank where his money was. 'How mnuch stands to my credit ?' lie axes. iHe was tolda little hettcr'n a hundred thou sand dollars. "With that he axes to see the manager, altd hands him a paper makin' over the money in trust, all but a couple of thou sand wot lie kep' fur himself. lie then scoots, leavin' no trail; and nobody knowed where lie was gone. ' The paper,' sea the cove as was a-tellil' me of all this,' was the curousest dockyment ever you heerd tell off. It was all right and reglar, bein' drawed up by a lawyer. It said as how fifty thousand dollars was to be made over to Bluenose's widder and children ; which was only proper, as Bluenose was his pardner, and mebbe saved his life; but what call he had to purwide fur the others licks me.' -' Wot others P' sez I.-' fest lIawkins and Stoney, and that crowd,' sez the man firom the Flat : 'he's bin and made over ten thousand a-piece to the families of those cusses, so's they shouldn't come to want by his means.'-- ' But there was only five of 'em, aud that only makes ninety thousand,' sez I; ' who got the other ten ?'-' hA, that was the curousest bit of the lot,' sez he; 'the otter ten was to be held in trust fur:the next o' kin of the other gambler wot got away.'-'lHad he killed him then? 'IT-axcd, .'Nary bit hea int killed him;' was the answer,' but he calkilated he'd wipe bim.out some day, and so made purwision for the oifuture.'-Now there was style! What do you think of .that furi an- aristocrat-?' asaked Billy, turnming o the company. SIt strikes me your friend Seth yliarnet sill end by getting iangedl himself, sa id Artlur, who had been mnclh interested 'in the story, :which had lost nothing from Billy's quaint manner of telling it. ' I guess you' don't' know" Set;' 'rT plied Billy- ' However 'I aint done; with hiim yet: Whena the diggi's briolke out iiin AststaliaI come over with the fist lot from Californianiimd after a few ups and downs, 'I fetchled up iat Ballarat. Who do you thirk I :should iicct there but my noble Seth! andoin' it up': :raid and kickin' up a rare dust :Ile'd biii I round everywleres, and cvery\~ heres le went lie'd only got to drop a pick inito the grouti' ail it 'ud strike gold. ?He wis thiat hlcky folis thought lie was in league ?itlh thllc'il e'al'i lie got the nickname of the " Coldeii'~.lkee' 3Me an' him lhad a rare good timE;'for I was flush, anid lie was as free witli his cash as a prince, and seemed "to ha?e ;got "?vr"his doldrums, for he was as rowdy as ever 'ilaiolh p'ralps not quite so-jolly. ' One di:y ;I axed, him if he'd ever met that other gamlile:r fellei -D'rectly I did it I was sorry, '-fir ai shladder seemed to pass over his face, and lie :rou'd his teeth as lie muttered : ' ot yet !'I- did'nt purlsoo the subject, and 'we parted sooni after. The next mornin' lie ivns gone vamosed in his usual ianner, w'itliout never a' word to nobody. I guess myni' qustioiai~ id reminided him of that gambler and he.d pit out after'the poor devil.' 'That was the last' lieard of lfiii ?' asked Arthur. ' The very last,' replied Billy.Z'i'ron tlat day to this I never set eyes on . .?h-'Uosl' and he started from the stool on lwhich ho was sitting and stared, willsh fihigiited loolk in his eyes, downi the gully. 'What on earth is the iiattir?' aske Arthur. 'Matter?' stammered Billy- as true as. I am a livin' man, I see thait 8ietl iBarnet a walkin' right past the door.-Leastwiays if it wasn't him, it was his ghost,' lie contiiticd imi an awe.struck tone, still peering out into.tlhe gathering gloom. Billy so evidently believed whlit ,ie ;had said that no one ventured to doubt liiu, tan'd, the harmony of the evening beitg eflbctually disturbed, the meeting broke up. Said Totsy to her mother, as slip van beillg tucked up in her little bed , I think I shiouiliT love that Golden Yankee', .lianifia : ?o wu i't you.?' Which proves tlhtt the little lady mas very hiuman, after all. 