THE GAVEROCKS. A TALE OF THE CORNISH COAST. |By tbe Author of "John Herring," " Mehalah," "Court Royal," &c;,] CHAPTER LIV. THE SPOTTED DOG. The letter received by Dennis from Rose bad not had the effect on him she intended. The tone of the note was more than friendly. What did she mean by it? Was it a confes sion of her own weakness, and dread of seeing him again? Or did she hint that he was not to come openly to the door and ask for admission? He had no rest at home. As the evening closed in, and silvery twilight filled the sky, he was irresistibly drawn to Towan. The moor was silent and solitary. , He approached the house stealthily. He looked at the garden door. It was not open, it was not aiar. Then he thought he observed the face of .Rose at a window, and he crept < nearer, leaned his back against the brick garden wall, where it joined to the wall of the house, and looked at Rose, as she sat ; engaged on her needlework in the window. This window was low-a couple of feet above the turf outside. It had looked originally into the court, but the outer walls of the < court, screening the front of Towan Manor house, had been pulled down, so that it was now exposed to the road and moor. He saw Rose signal to him, and he misread her signal. He thought she waved her band to him to remain where he was, and be quiet, till she came out to speak to him. He waited patiently, without stirring, watching her face tiU the curtains were drawn. After that he waited on. He could hear voices spaaking in the room where Rose was, he coald dis tinguish that of the Squire, it was loud and rough. He thought he coald hear as well that of Gerans; but he caught not a word of j their conversation. What they spoke about was indiffrent to him; he had not come there to hear them argue, but to see and apeak to Rose, if only for a minute. Ha waited on patiently. Rose would come to him when Bhe could; she had waved her hand to him through the window in token of recognition. He was accustomed to wait motionless by the bedside of a patient, watoh ing a crisis: BO he stood now, not altering his position. His thoughts were aotive. How fate had fought against him ! How cruelly it had dealt with the lives of twohuman beings. It had separated him and Rose, and had bound herto a man she did not and could not love. He believed that she hated Gerans, and repented the day that she had I married him. He believed that she loved himself, and himself only. His declaration of love had drawn from her the cry of " Too late!" Too late had she found that she was loved by the only man whom I she loved. He thought of the samphire picking. Why had he thrown himself on the rope and arrested the fall of Gerans? Why had he not rather let go and allowed him to crash down among the knife-like slate rooks ? He wondered at himself. Foronce lock had befriended him-had pnt into his hands the chance he deBired, and he had cast it from him. Had he not been an inconsiderate, im pnlsive fool, he would have let the cord whirl away-and Gerans would by this time have been buried, and he would not be lin gering there-waiting, hoping, yet knowing that he had nothing to expect but disap pointment. All he could look to was to touch Rose's hand, speak a few words about Loveday, wish her a good night, and go away miserable, despairing, to bis lonely home. He looked at hiB bands, and then struck them against the wall behind him with Buch force that they bled. Fool that he waB to stand between himself and happiness. Wny i had he wounded and galled his hands to save his adversary and to perpetuate his wretched ness-bis wretchedness ! not his own only that of poor Rose also, chained to an uncon genial, commonplaoe country clown. If he bad but money, he would carry her off to some distant land, away by aea, out of the kingdom, and begin with her a new life. But that was not possible. Ha was poor and powerless. He could hope for nothing more than to see Rose now and then, listen to her sweet voice, and know without expecting to hear her confess that she loved him. The porch-door opened, and a man came forth. That man was Constantino, but he was dressed in a suit belonging to his brother. Summer twilight waB in the sky, so that Dennis could see though he could not distinguish, and Constantino and Gerans were extraordinary alike. The young surgeon was startled, and had at once to form a resolution. Where he Btood he could be seen. He had presence of mind, and he came i forward from his dark corner. Constantine started and drew back; he recognised him at [ once. "Gerans,"said Penhalligatt, "Ihave come [ up to tell you and Rose that I have ascer tained at last the address of my cousin that ie, X know where she is. This day's post has brought me tidings of her. She is at Goodrington. near Paignton. I am off iu two days to see if Loveday be with her." "flight," answered Coostautiuo, afraid to speak more than a word or two leBt his voice should betray him. "Rose has told you, I suppose, that my search in Exeter waB fruitless, said Dennis. "Yet," Constantino moved to go away. " I leave on Saturday, and trust at last to discover her." " Content." Then, suddenly, " Gah!-the spotted dog again !" In the twilight he saw the white mongrel with its liver patches running round him and Dennis, limping. Then the beast stood up on its blind legs and hopped about them like a kangaroo, then Hung itself down on its side as if dead. "Curse the brute!' exclaimed Dennis. "That dog will drive me mad. 1 am haunted with it. Yesterday, in the night, as I drove back from Wadebridge. it sprang over a heap of stones by the road side at the very spot where 1 had been upset with Rose on the night of the Goose Fair, and I have not been able to get rid of it Bince. I see it conti nually jumping about me, and then disap pearing, coming to mc when I least expect it; and yet I can never lay hold of it. I have thrown stones at it, but cannot bit it I have run after it with a Btick, but cannot reach it." "Shoot it," said Oonstantine. "I will," answered Dennis. "See-it is gone!" 'Ilie dog had disappeared. Constantino bowed and withdrew to the house. Dennis was satisfied from his manner tint Gerans was offended with him. " It is well," muttered he-" well that he should understand that I hate him. I cannot dissemble. I am too proud and too thorough to affect love where I bate. Perhaps he knows the reason. It is better. Better that he should know that he stands between the happiness of two unfortunates whom fate has separated. Maybe RoBe has told him that she scorns and abhors him. It is best so. Best that he should feel some of the misery he has brought upon us." He_ walked leisurely back to Nantsillan. He did not doubt that Rose loved him. Had he not clasped her in his arms and kissed her red Hps at the well, and she had forgiven him 1 Had not her blue eyes told him tbat she was pleased to see him, and had she not invited him to come to Towan and see her again? Had not her letter shown him fear of her own heart? He excused ber for »ot coming to him. She was under restraint. There was a Quarrel in the family, and she was the victim. The old Squire and Gerans had been assailing her with reproacheB- had been ponrine over her vials of wrath and gall. She had borne this for him, because she loved him. She was doomed to a life of daily ill-treatment by two men the boisterous, brutal father, the surly, tuspicious husband-because she loved him. For how many years was this misery to be spun oat, her bright life darkened, her joyous spirit saddened, her tender heart broken, because she loved him? Oh, that there were some way of escape-some means of freeing her from this bondage ! He could even sacrifice himeelf to set her free. As be came to the dingle down which dived the path to his cottage, he saw a man standing at the edge of the wood with a basket slung over his shoulders by a strap. A crescent moon was in the sky, lying on its back, shedding a silvery light which, with the summer twilight, enabled him to see and recognise the pedlar whom he had first beheld at Wadebridge at the Goose Fair; but in that uncertain cold light he could not distinguish the colour of his waistcoat. The face was very white with the moon on it, and the Cornish crystal in the band round his wild, long, black hair flashed suddenly then was unseen, then flashed again, like a . revolving light at sea. Something, DenniB could not say what, atrested his steps when he saw this'strange man, and he stood watching him. The pedlar did not seem to observe Trim ; he was playing or practising with his long basket. With his band lie r&ppod; the bottom, and the blow jerked up the lid, whereupon a number of roses sprang into the air, white, ted, yellow, perhaps, bnt in the combined twi and moonlight thej? all gleamed a ghastly white, and fell again into the basket, when the lid dropped on them and shut them in. Another rap-up sprang the lid, and high into the cold light leaped the roseB, to drop again and be ehnt in by the lid. The performance was clever. Not a rose fell over the side upon the ground, nor did the lid close on the flowers till all were in tbe basket. The man wbb practising, apparently. He tried to jerk the flowers higher, and each time higher, and was always equally successful in catching and securing them, l'hen he changed his pro ceeding. Be tapped twice at tbe bottom, and now roBes and glow-worrr.s shot up out of the basket, a rain of ghost like bloom and pale stats. Tap, tap ! and again the mingled spray was thrown u|>, again to fall and dis appear in the basket. Dennis stood spell-bound; how long he would have thus remained caauot be said. He was released from his astonishment by seeing the spotted cur leap out oi the bushes and begin its hideous uambols round the pedlar. Then his anger broke loose. " ton, fellow," he shouted, "take that beast away. I have been plagued with it. I do not want either you or your dog in my neighbourood. Get away with you at once. Leave this place. Take yourself and tbe brute ehewhere. I warn you-if I see that cursed dog again I will kill it." HeBtepped forward. Immediately with out a word, the man backed before him into the wood, and the dog dived behind some bushee. "Confound these tramps." muttered Dennis. " Why does not Squire Giverock, who is a Justice of the Peace, clear the neighbourhood of them. Huh! the fellow was not as successful as I thought." He saw a pale rose lying on the path in his way, a rose that must have fallen from the pedlar's basket. He stopped to pick it up, but as he stood his shadow was cast over it and tbe piece of ground on which it lay. He groped with his iiogers on the ground, but picked up nothinu save bits ot earth and dust. Then he stood oa one oide to allow the crescent moon to illume the path again. The rose was no longer theie. He went in at his garden gita, unlocked his door, ami fastened it from the inside. Oa the hall table was laid Mb supper. He lit a candle and touk his place, but he had no appetite, and he thrust his plate away. He was by himself in the house. Little Kiitb, after having laid supper lor him, was wout to go away with the woman who came there to char for him. She Blept at her cottage, and returned early in the morning. She carried away the bauk-door key with her, and let herself in with it next day. He Bat up late, doing nothing with hiB hands, but with his head busy. Uf Loveday he thought little. He was not much concerned about her. He had made up hiB mind that she was with her cousin; sue had discovered her somehow in Exeter, or discovered her address when there, and had gone to her, and was now at Gooarington. The journey to f5set«r and the stay there had put him to Bome ex pense, and his absence had interfered with his duties at home. As is usual, he had been more wanted when away thin when at Nant sillan. Several sick people had sent for him, and finding he WBB absent, had transferred themselves to the old tippling doctor at 1'adstowe. Dennis considered how different hia pro spects would have been had Rose been his v ife. Comfortably off, unoppressed with the daily pinch of poverty, with her presence as sunlight in his home, all the darkness and burden of his life would bave rolled away. Then from out of his burning, dry heart there welled up a firey spring of bate against Gerans. He, and he only, was it who had spoiled his lite, stolen from him the woman he loved, deprived him of the money which would have made him easy in his circum stances. He had nothing to live for now nothing-nothing-and that was Gerans' doing. He would have liked to have hia enemy there, in the dark room with him, and to have fought him. His nerves quivered with pleasure at the thought of striking Gerans, of beating him down, of hearing the tbud of hiB head on tbe slate floor. He stood up, with feet apart, and imagined himself standing above Gerans. with the life of his ?enemy in hiB power. Would he spare him ? Dennis laughed aloud. When he laughed a -dog outside barked, a strange bark like a laupli, or the echo of a laugh. Dennis went to the window and looked out. He could see no dog. He saw the moon twinkling among the swaying boughs and leaveB of the oa,k wood, and the flickering lights on the ground like white dancing roses. Then he went up stairs to bed. But though he lay; in bed he could cot sleep. He retired at midnight. The crescent moon was gone, or no longer shone in atthe window. The wind sighed outside snioDg the treeB. All at once he started and raised his head. ?SfiaicBt the whitewashed wall at the foot of liiB bed he thought he saw somethiug move. The moon bad not set; it had not shone into hiB room because of a dense mass of ivy-hung -elm and a. holly that had obscured it. Now it tasted from behind these bushes and flared between some boughs, making a grotesque figure on his wall that waved and moved as the branches and leaves waved and moved The freakish light drew on his wall a figure ilike a whitc.dng sitting up on its haunches, with its paws before it, begging, and the head bobbing and turning, the paws now thrust forward, then drawn in, as though trying to -reach come object, and failing. Moreover, 4be white shadow-dog was covered with moving liver-spots. The head was at one moment very distinct, with a brilliant eye, then it was blurred and shapeleBB, then it was turned aBide and clear again. The beast seemed to put up its paws and wash its face as a cat or a rabbit, and the ears flapped as it turned its head. All tbe while the liver .spots ran over the body, melting into each -other, dividing, disappearing, then mani festing themselves again. Suddenly the fantastic figure was goaa, the wind msbed past the window, and whilst the wind rushed there was no white «log on the wall, but a whirl of white roses flying up and down, fast, faster, up and /town and is and out, some falling on the floor, Bome sprinkling their petals over the bed, but all gatheiing themselves up again, the petals rejoining the blossoms that shed them, and dancing like a spin of snowfiakes. Dennis threw himBelf back on his pillow. His mind was overwrought, his nerves over strung. He was becoming a prey to fancies. The gust of wind was gone. There were flickers of light and moving spots of shadow cn the wall still, but no shape. He watched them till they went out, one after another. Now, certainly, the moon had passed beyond the house, or behind so dense a mass of foliage as not to cast shadows and lights in bis room. So be thought, but was presently undeceived by seeing one gleaming spot, oue that seemed to shine and twinkle like the Coraieh crystal in the pedlar's hair. This spot appeared on the wall and travelled . along it slowly. Dennis followed it with his eyes. It was formed, donbtlrss, like the rest of the fantattic figures, by the moon among the branches and ieaves; bat it was certainly strange that on this occasion tbere was but a single light. It crei>t along the whitewashed wall very stealthily. It seemed to travel like a snail, and at a sniil's t>ace. All at once it flashed with doable brilliancy. It bad touched and was gleaming on the little double-barrelled pistol Jtoiu had fiven to Dennis on the night of the Guoee 'air! 