MELBOURNE NEWS. (from our oivn cojljaespofluent.) Thursday evening. Aftor all the tin-thunder tho allotment of tho Prospecting Voto appears to have given innderate satisfaction. To-duy (he Minister of Miubs re ceived a Jettoc from th.e Beeeliworth Prospecting. Board, intimating their ontiro approval .of tlio allocation in their district, and expressing their euaiiics tnqretor, and I notice from the Press that, other mining divisions entertain similar gratified' sentiments. Mr Ruaaoll, M P., had an interview with the MmiBtor of MincB today with respect to tho diamond drill now at the Jubileo 'Company's claim at Ball, -irat East, which it iB proposod to romovo to Mirboo. Lie pointed out that tho in habitants generally believed that from 600 to 1000 feet the drill jiad boon passing through a hard bar of country, that it was liow in much softer stuff, and froin the character of the borings thero was reason to believe wash might yet be struck, and urged that the bore should be continued for another 300 feet, unless the wash was struck in tho interim. Mr Gillies said if a statement to this effect showing the reasons for the course urged was submitted to him in writing, lie would l-efur it to the Geological Sur vey"!' of the Department, Mr R. A. F.' Murray, for report, and if his opinion favoured tlie reten tion of tho di ill, it would nofc be moved until tho ground was further tested. Mr Russell promised to submit the particulars required in writing to morrow. Yesterday afternoon a seaman named Joshua Mauritz, employed on board the s.s. Burruin- beet., was employed in cleaning some brass- work at tho Btern of the vessel which was moored alongsido tho Queen's whqrf. He was observed to fall into the wafer, and immediate steps wero taken to rescuo him. He never rose and some forty minutes elapsed before ho could be got out of the wafer. Dr. Ivnaggs was sent for and spent nearly tlireo hours in attempting to restore animation, but in vaih. Mauritz was only married some five months ago. A man named Robert Scott, a recent arrival from Sj'dney, met with an unpleasant exporienco on the St. Kilda f-oad this niorning about three o'clock. He was walking on the road near the Victoria Barracks, when lie encountered a mob of bullocks being drivon towards town on tlieir way to the market. One of the animals rushed Scott, and knocked him down violently, inflicting severe injuries. The man's left shoulder and right collarbone were broken, and he was terribly bruised aiiout the head and body. The unfortuate fellow was' picked up and con voyed to the Ho'nicepqthic Hospital. For some time past the Postmaster- General has been making enquiries as to how economy could be effected iu conveyance of mails in the country districts by an alteration of the routes. This is, in moat cases, provoking an indignant protest from those whose interests are affected, and Messrs Patterson and Gordon, M.P., waited upon Mr Derham to-day to lodge a petition against tho proposed change of route, which is now from Guilford to Daylesford to Newstead lo Daylesford, on the ground that it would cause seriouB injury to Guildford and other places along tho route. Tho Minister said alternative tenders for both routes would bo invited with a viow of ascertaining which was tho more economical, and whqu these were in he would carefully consider the point raised. At tjie termination of a locture at the Hall of Science last night, delivered by Mr Joseph Symes, a resolution was parried that the action of the City Court Boncli in allowing the Earl of Dudley to occupy a seat oil the Bench during the hearing of the case of Dcpfhurst v. Sutton was an act of gross impertinence, and indecency to the conimunity. With characteristic effrontery, the Secularists present ordered ' that this speci men of miserable English should bo forwarded to the" Governor arid the Sp'eaker of the Legisla tive Assembly. The annual celebration in honour of St. Patrick was held to-day with more than ordinary pomp and splendour. Long before the proces sion started all the points ef vantago were black with people, tlie univorsal green, however, giving the crowd a lively appearance. The people wero thoroughly wcll-bebaved and good humoured, and the police had no difficulty in keeping order. The procession, which fairly initiated the holiday-making, started from St. Francis' Church, LonBdalo- street, and proceeded by way of William-Btreet into Bourke-streel, when it picked up several contingent Hibernian Societies. A numbor of mounted and foot police preceded the procession, which was merely composed of tho members of the vari ous branches of St. Patrick's Society having their banner and band. InturningintoSwanston-stro'et tho procession crossed Flinders-street, arid then marched along tho Yarra bank to tlie Friendly Society Gardens, whore the national fete was held. As nearly everyone was actuated by a patriotic motive the attendance' qt' the ground was very large, and the number of vehicles congregated round the eutrances was large enough a? to cause a block in the traffic.7 ' During the recent bearing of the charge of frarid' agdinst Charles Augustus Smyth,, for which lie. was sentenced to five years' imprison ment, it transpised that.tliere were substantial grounds for a conviction for bigamy against tlie defendant.. In pursuance of this tlie authori ties! have 'been in communication with the" first Mr? Smyth with a view of collecting evidence. It is understood that Miss Dainty, with whom Smyth contracted the bigamous marriage, will take action. A meeting of the city and suburban clergy of tlio diocese of Melbourne was held at the Diocesan Registry this afternoon, to consider the arrangements to bp made for the recep tion of Bishop Gee. Dean Macartney, the Ad ministrator of tho Diocese, presided, therq being about a dozen gentlemen present.' It was decided, on the motion of Caiiou Vance, seconded by the Rev. C. S. Perry, that a separate address be presented to the Bishop by the clergy. Arch deacon Stretch, Archdeacon M'CulIagli, Canon Haridficld, and Canon Vance wero appointed a committee to prepare tho address, and to make all the necessary arrangeirients. The installation of the Bishop will take place on Thursday, 14th April. The Railway authorities are troubled every year when St. Patrick's, Day. comes round by. a number of tlieir men, knocking off work for that day, and many qf 'thpm are absent on. the next day. This year found no exception to tho, rule,: as, when the goods-sheds were opened, it was found that over 80 of the 300 men employed; thero were absent celebrating St. Patrick's natul day, and altogether about- 100 men wore away from' the yard. As this is an exceptionally busy tirile, the absence of those men without lehve causes great inconvenience and delay, and the holiday-makers will to-morrow find themselves slnjrply dealt vyith. i The Railway Department to-day accepted tlio deferred tendor of Mesqrs W. T. Cornish 'and Co,, of Stawell, for the supply of 2000 sleepers for. the Ararat and Hamilton railway— to ba de- livqfod at Stawell — for' the, sum . of L421. 18s 4dj 1 ' " " ' ; I Mr Justice Wohb to-day made orders absolujte for tlio sequestration of'tiie estates of Benjamin WhjttakdiV' of .Boort, farmeivand. of' Guise'pbe Piccincci. of Ecliuca, storekeeper,' 'ori! the motion of Mr Woolf in both cases. '! Tlie estate of!Mr\V. R. Merry was compul- sorily sequestrated to- day. by Mr J ustico Webb, on! the. motion of, Mr. Tnpp, on. behalf of Messrs Diyvies, Price, and Wignton, solioitors,. wpo hod an unsatisfied judgment for L202 against Morry: ' ' 1 1 1 Tho Elsternwick Park Races took place to day, and the following aro tho results :—Erin Hurdlo' Raco. — 'Leporelloj 1'; 'Moolgai; 2 ! Spartan, 3. Shamrock 'Handicap.— Bcckwitli, 1 ; SucboBs;':2 ; 'VascqBai1' 3.)' ' Time' Handicap Trot.— Malule III', 1' ; 1 Beithomatcad;' 2''y 'Sir' Waller Scott, 3. St. Patrick's Steeplechase. — Misfortune, 1 ; Banker, 2 ; Tandslickor, 3. Selling Race. — Stafford, 1 ; Sorcerer, 2 ; The Ghost, 3. Shareholder's Cup. — Lara, 1 ; Monotti, 2 ; Kohni, 3. Mr Clarke reports sales to-day of ; — Com mercial Bank of Australasia, L8 ; Mutual Store, Limited, 60s ; Mount Morgan, Queensland (now issuo), 6s ; Star of tho East, Subastopo), 68s 6d ; South Clunos, Cluucs, 23s 6d ; Lung Tunnel Co., Walhalla, L61 ; Black Ilorse, Egorton, 31s. 