REVIEW. She. By H. RIDER HAGGARD. London: Longman, Green, and Co., 1887. It is not easy to measure the relative inipuriaaneoC: books. Here, for instance, is one which, before it; could como into our hands, must have been Md br thousands ; which, before it is forgotten, wül be ml; probably by hundreds of thousands. Good or bad, there is an influence here. For, although to aerioa» minÜéd persons a story of this kind may seem toba trivial, we cannot blind ourselves to the fact that ita effect upon, the imagination is powerful, if to sam*, extent transient, and that our ideas of right and' wrong-of morality in its widest Renae-are largely determined hy the books we road, as well as by tba thoughts of the' mon and womon with whom we come in actual contaot The influence of any particular work may bo Blight, but it is real, for we never quite forgot anything; and in considering the importance of that influence wo must take the probable range, as well aa the weight of it into account To-day we constantly notice the publication of sensational books whoso circulation is both largo and rapid. There seems to be an appetite for sensation which demands satisfaction, and it is of much importance that the food by which it is stayed should bo at least harmless, and if possible, wholesome. Wa. all know that mental constitutione exist upon which sensational books have had a directly poisonous effect j. and that here and thero youthful readers were induced' to embark upon a career of aotual crime by tba perusal of booka whioh wore widely read a generation or BO ago. And wo are glad to wolcomoi writers like Mr. Haggard who, instead of seeking excitement in criminal records, BB members of a con temporary French school have done, depends for interest upon " antres va6t . and deserts idle," and races of men whose domestic habits are scarcely lees singular than thoso of tho anthropophagi. This book is a finer book than " King Solomon'*: Minos." It cannot perhaps be said that the narrativa' ia so absorbing,. but it ia quito aa interesting. Until! we get towards the end of it we do net feel ourselves constrained to sit up late over it, as was the case with the other story. And this, becnuso it is not so real. There was nothing in " King Solomon's Mines" which it waa not within tho power of the writer to represent as possible : there is much in " Sho" which he cannot, delude tho imagination into believing, except in tho qualified way in which it accepts os orediblo tba principal facts narrated in ghost-story. We may give an; idea of what the narrative ia, but we do not desire to earn the resentment of tho reader by spoiling tho interest which' ho is euro to fed in reading it for himself:-A, dying friend of the narrator, named Yincey, has con- fided to his core his only eon and an iron box. Tho, first is to bo brought up in a certain manner; the second is to be opened when the child attains the aga of 25 years. Tho box is found to contain an ancient potsherd, which has been handed down in the Vinoey family from the days of one Kaliikrates, who was living in the year S89 n.e. According to the inscription upon tU/ potsherd, Kaliikrates was a priest of Isis, who broke his vows and married. He fled with his)' wife, and was wrecked on the east coast of Africa, where they were entertained by the queen of tha country, a beautiful white woman who possossed super- natural powers, and apparently Ute attribute of immor- tality. The queen fell in love with Kaliikrates, and at. last murdered him out of jealousy, but over the wife, who was protected hy her own magio, she waa! not able to prevail. The wife therefore fled, and left to her child. and to all his race the duty & vengo anco upon tho Queen, and of discovering the fire of life which existed in her country, and to an immersion in which she owed her perennial youth. Young Yincey is the last surviving descendant of Kaliikrates and it is to test tho truth of this Btory that the narrator, whose name by the way is Holly, with his ward and an old servant, Btart upon the expedition, of. whioh this; book ig the history. Wo need not dwell upon the numerous perils which attend their journey to the country of the " Amahagger," over which' people Ayesha, or "She" still rules. They at last reaoh it "safely, and aro well received by her. Ayesha hos been waiting the return of Kaliikrates ( for in her belief " there is no such thing as death, though there be a thing called change ... I say to tî.'eè that T wait now for ono I loved to be bom again, and'here I tarry till ho finds me, knowing ot' a surety that hither will he como, and that here, and here only shall ho greet me." Of hex own length of days she say si " Tell mo, stranger ; life is-why therefore should not life bo lengthened for a whilo P What ore ten, twenty, or fifty thousand years in tho histery of a life? Why, in tea thousand years scarce will tho rain and storms lessen a mountain top by a span in thickness. In, two thousand, years theso caves have not changed, nothing has .changed' but the beasts and mon, who is as the beasts. There ia naught that is wonderful about the matter could'st thoa but understand. Lifo is wonderful, ay, bnt that it bo a little lengthened is not wonderful." We are here at onco brought into tho presence of tba supernatural, and the moro distinotly that " She " whoso full title among the people- ie " She who must be obeyed"-is possessed of mysterious powers of striking her enemies dead, a species of clairvoyance, and other faculties whish bolong to the realm of magio, as it IB commonly understood. And if in this wexeoog niso some want of originality, and are reminded of tho moro fanciful works of Bulwer-Lytton, we receive com- pensation in speculations upon tho nature of our lifo and thoughts about it, many of which are beautiful and aro clothed in beautiful language! "Above me, os I lay, shone the eternal stars, and thora at my foot tho impish marsh-bom balls of fire rolled this WÄ and that, vapour-tossed and earth- desiring, and methought that in tho two I saw a typo and imago ol' what man is, and what, perchance, man may one day bo, if tho living i orce which ordained him and them should so ordain this also. Oh, that it might be ours to rest year by year upon that high lovel of the heart to which at times we momentarily attain ! Oh, that we could shake loose tho prisoned pinions of the soul and soar to that superior point whence, liko somo traveller looking out through space from Darien's giddiest peak, we might gaea with the spiritual eyes of ne bio thoughts deep Into Infinity.Theso and many such thought» passed through my mind that night. They come to torment us at times. 1 say to torment, for alas 1 thinking can only serve to measure out tho helplessness of thought. What is the uso of our feeble crying in the awful helpless- ness of space Ï Con our dim intelligence read tho secrets of that Btar-strown sky ? Does any answer come ont of it f »ever any at all, nothing hut echoes and fantastic visions. -And yet we boliovo that thore is an answer, and that upon a time a new dawn will come blushing down the ways of our enduring night. We believe it for its reflected beauty even now shines up continually in our hearts' from beneath the horizon of the gravo, and wo call it Hope." Returning to the narrative, we may tell the reader, what ho would very early bo lod to anticipate, that in the coming of Yincey " She " recognises the return of Kallikrator, by whoso embalmod body sho has been watching |or two thousand years. To say more would be unkind to those who will road the book and useless to those who will not, and as rogards tho story wo need say no moro. It only remains to remark that Mr. Haggard's powers of description show no signa of failing. Tho picture of the "Caves of Xor" is photographic in its vivid clearness, Bar passed only by that of the Euinod 0%. Indeed it may be said that Mr. Haggard studies by photographic distinctness of detail to produce realism_ as when he says, "we saw< many varieties of water* lilies in full bloom, some of them blue, and of ex- quisite beauty, though fow of the flowers were perfect, owing to the prevalence of a white water-maggot with a green head, that fed upon them." But the authority is at hiß best when ho lets his imagination free, amongst the possible forces of nature. The story of the lost terrible journey in search of the "Aro of life" the passage and return through subterranean storm and darkness by giant precipices, and over giddy depths, that foll away into abysmal darkness, is told with mar- vellous _ power. Pathos he has, too, and humour when, indeed, are they not found together ?-but the humour is less abundant, and of a drier Mnd than in his last book, as when he says,-" True, in uniting himself to this dread woman, he would place his life under tho. influence of a mysterious creature of evil tendencies, but then that, would be likely enough to happen to him in any ordinary mnrxiaga.'* Whether tho tole is intended to be allegorical in tb» manner of " Zanoni," we must leave those who read it to dotermiue.^ Mr. Haggard has a vivid conception of life as of a knife-edge of consciousness between two-void eternities. It may be that he has endeavoured to symbolise the fate of those who would step beyond it in tho search for a vain ideal. "Fon. DU BLOOD D TBS tara.**-Clarke's Worki-iioad Bind Mixture ls warranted to cleanse the blood tum «a tamcrj¡£¿ from whatever cause arising. Forscroîtila, scurry, aUntadhtood diseases and scat* of all kinds, iii effeeU are muíííUou». Tim. auld» of testoontals. In bottles 2B td each: KdkiWnb «ae quantity, Ila, of all ehcmUs. fto^2r!S lincoln and Midland CounU» Dru* Co-, iancol^ íájjv-EÍS^ ' 