THE OOLB^ HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream.' By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Qaeen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'A bailor's Sweetheart,' &3. ^Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chatter XX — A Fok'sle Discussiox (Continued). At this moment Stone, who had been eating bis supper in the cabin — the last meal on board ship is always called supper, J&?2££ aHuore it wot&i; 1?? «Mte4 tea— 'c&me; on deck and took a turn or two along the -gangway, first casting a glanOB aloft, then running his eye round the sea. till he came to the sinking sun that was then a truly glorious spectacle of flam.9 and color, insomuch that the mere reflec tion of it in the sea yielded a score of shining and exquisite tints from the burn ing red on the horizon to the delicate amber that came siftingthrough the water to the schooner's side, where it died out and left the sea on the port beam a rich violet. This the old sailor stood gazing at for some moments with the sort of reverence in his face that the grandeurs and beauties of nature excite in plain and simple minds, after which his eye was taken by the crew talking to gether on the forecastle. It was im mediately evident to him that they had got under weigh with some topic of more than usual interest, and observing that all looked towards him as if they had a mind to speak, he quietly walked forward with a careless glance at the foretopsail, as if his idea was to see that all was right that way until he came to the windlass end, where he stood lightly looking round him. *' Mr. Stone,' suddenly exclaimed the cook, 'could ye tell us what this here woyage is undertaken for ?' 'Undertaken for?' answered Stone, startled by the abruptness of the question, said also at a loss, instantly noticed by the men, who exchanged glances. 'Why, why, d'ye mean to say you don't remember what you signed for ?' *' Yes,' replied the cook ; ' I signed for the woyage from the port of London to a hisland in the Indian Ocean and back. We was to go out and return in ballast, and I understood it wur to be a sort of pleasure cruise, a kinder yachtin' job.' 'That's it, Micky,' exclaimed Gold smith, who of all the men had apparently been rendered the most uncomfortable by Johnny's story. ' Well,' cried Stone, ' and who's said it ain't to be a sorter pleasure cruise, a kinder yachtin' job as you call it, eh ? What d'ye suppose the object is — piracy ? ? liitiat were it you may reckon we 'dneed more muscle than what's to be got out o' the likes of that suet,' pointing to the fat anns--f the cook. - 'Tell ye what it is, Mr. Stone,' said Breeches. 'We've larnt that there's something soopernat'ral as the sayin5 is, in the panoa's intentions, and though I don't believe in ghosts myself, Pen not agoin' to help in any job I can't dee day light through. 'Ghosts ?' cried old Stone ; ' what are you talkin' about ? . Who's -been a jawin' to you about ghosts 2' ' Callin' names and insulting of people ain't answering questions,' said the {cook viciously. ' Will you please tell us what this here woyage is undertaken for?' The men again noticed the disconcerted expression in the old chap's face. He glanced aft, and observing that Mr. For tescueh&d; left the -deck motioned to Hiram, who was watching the crew as though he had now guessed that something more than mere ' yarning' was keeping the fellows together. As -the captain walked forward in strides as long as a tragedian's the eye would have been taken by the lovely sea piece of that moment — the airy splendor in the west, the velvet-like blue in the east, the ocean line going round in a soft sweep of indigo till it met the dying glory where it was reflected, the saus of the schooner standing brilliant as white plumage against the pure windward dusk, the little -crowd of men forward where the windlass was, and where the foremast rose yellow, with its black shrouds and snow like cloths, to the golden shining ; and the sand-colored deck aft, tenanted by a soli tary figure at the tiller. ** What's the matter I' said Hiram. ' Why,' responded Stone, ' here's Bill Breeches a»knV if there ain't something soopernatural in this woyage ; talkin,' about ghosts and the likes of such stuff; and here's Micky Anson -enquirin' what it is he signed for.' ' I know what I signed for, capt'n,' answered the cook, ' and I likewise know .what I didn't sign for.' ' Look here I' , interrupted Hiram ; ' what's the matter ? that's what I want to know.' *' Well, I'll tell ver what's the matter,' responded Breeches ; ** you an' the parson an' Mr. Stone here had a private conver sation in the cabin at noon.' ' Well ?' thundered Hiram. 'Well,' continued Breeches, easing down bis defiant manner a bit in the teeth of the skipper's resolute, frowning stare, 'we oaderetand that the parsou gave you a varaion of his reason in buyin' this wessel and sailing of -her to the Hindie Ocean that was as unbeknown to you and Mr. Stone as it was to us.' ' Well ?' shouted Hiram. 'Well,' proceeded Breeches, 'what we are informed is that a ghost appeared to the parson and wrote down a hisland, and said she was upon it, and she begged of him to come hy hopening her arms out to him, and that's why he bought the schooner. I tell yer,' said the man, waxing defiant again, and seeking en couragement in tne looks of the men around him, 'that I don't believe in ghosts, I don't know nothen about 'em and don't want to; but we're agreed that parsons are people as may get hold o' notions which plain sailors would rather not help 'em to carry out, d'ye see, capt'n, an' if so be ? ' Hiram and Stone had been staring at each other ; the former at -this point yelled out, 'Who told you that we had a private conversation in the cabin f The cook said 'Johnny,' Hiram stretched forth his long arm and collared the youth with fingers like eteel hooks. ** How did yer know we had a private conversation in the cabin ?' he roared. The lad's knees knocked each other as he replied. 'I was a bit tired and I tarned into the spare bunk, an' when you an' the parson an' the mate come down I — I lay still — not choosin' — bein' afeared — hi 1 hi !' It was bound to come, and for a long minute Johnny was cutting wild capers to and raising boisterous shouts over a regular downright old-fashioned ropes-ending, all of the olden time. The crew, accepting this as a matter of course, waited with impatience for Hiram to recover his breath. The first words he said were — ' Breeches, you're an old fooL' 'What d'ye call me that for ?' cried the man. ' Out of politeness, you old scaramouch. Why, if I was to give ye all the names you desarve you'd have more titles than the Emperor of Gbaney. To think of a man of your age talkin' about ghosts ? Why, what do you call yourself ? A man !' 'What's this here woyage about?' de manded the cook. ' About,' exclaimed Hiram with ex- traordinary scorn, ' about ? Think of a cook, a cook asking nautical questions and expecting answers ! Look here, my lads, and let Breeches and Micky listen to me ; the Werulam was a Heast Indieman ; she was burnt in the Hindian Ocean ; there was a lady aboard of her as Mr. Fortescue was to marry. He dreamt that the wessel was burnt and that the lady who was in one oi tne Doats reacnea an island tnat Mr. Stone here was cast away upon. He disbelieved his dream till he heard that t&e; .ship had been burnt ; and then when ,''«i &9.m.es to larn that the island he dreamt ^ H was .a real place, and that Stone Sew i^ *?-*? to I™MdJ 'This ££6 \- - „'„* e*ve come from heaven. Who ZZSL -«*?-» — «~ ** h« ladv I see ® m7 dream UPon thxB tfiir^^ *«* iv™ ler; she was to have &*a myinfe, III spend what money I've &* ma«&ooner; md sail to this here island, /''I I & yust to Almighty God, if so be ^7 o?§»m'« jorrect, that we shan't be too late to pre* serve her life. ' My lads, what's onreason sible in this \' ^ lag crimson glooni that was how upon Luq sea and sky was a good light to study fee faces of the men in as they listened to Hiram, for it deepened every line and added another shade to the bronze on the cheek, though it had its mellowing in fluence too, specially noticeable iu old Stone's face, whose earnestness wa« softened into pathos by it. ' There are husbands among ye, I dare say,' continued Hiram, 'and some I doubt not ii^s sweethearts ; besides, ye're all English : ay, even Micky Anson's English ; and if there's any man here as considers Mr. Forfceseue's detarmination to see if the end of his dream ain't as true as the beginning proved to be — if there's any man here as can see anything soopernatotal and notonderstable in the gent's seekin' of his love where he be lieves her to be cast away, then I can say is he must be the onnaturalest character and the worst scovrbanker as ever signed articles far a lovely ship and a beautiful woyage.' *Jhus speaking he ran his eyes over the men with a challenging stare at eaoa. 'Then ye mean to say,' observed Breeches, 'that what Johnny took an' brought forward's a lie ?' ' Yes — a Ue as big as ne is ; a ne as pig as you and him and the cook is,' cried Stone. ' What's your idea of the clergy man's hintellect that you should suppose he's capable of goin' a ghost huntin'? D'ye suppose that an educated man like him, a man that Sunday after Sunday teaches folks with ten times -more brains than you, things that they don't know nothen about — dy'e imagine he's to be set right by the hikes o' you ?' 'There was nothing mentioned about our seekin' the island for the purpose of takin' the parson's young woman off it,' .exclaimed Duck ;' ' there was nothing said about it£in the articles/' 'The woyage was to the Indian Ocean and back, anyway,' cried Hiram, ' touch ing at an island there. Ye'll allow that.' There was a general murmur of assent. ' Very well,4' continued Hiram, speaking with excitement, 'and I should like to know if we was to find a countrywoman of ours upon that iBlarid, or any ship wrecked sailors belonging to the Verulam or any other wessel, I should like to know,' he cried, in his huskiest voice and with a stern roll of his eyes over the men, ' if there's e'er a seaman Jverc as would say 'I'm not agoin' to rescue that there woman or them there men because it's a job I didn't sign fot V ' There was a pause,broken only by the flap ot a eatl as the schooner rolled to lee ward and the rippling of water at the stem. Some bright stars were shining ia the dark eastern blue, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic among the lines of clouds whose skirts were blackening to the night, though their brows still held traces of the glory that was deep down behind the sea. 'Why, of course,' said Goldsmith, hammering at a flint for his tinder box, ** if you put it in that way, capt'n, it's right enough. Ne'er a man here, I s'pose, believes in ghosts, hobjects ye can see and yet walk through without feelin' of 'em. And our wish to hear what you had to say about the yarn Johnny lay and listened to wasn't because we was such cussed fools as to reckon we waB actually bound out to bring home a ghost, but because none of us not having much acquaintance with what goes on in par sons' minds, we agreed that there must be something uncommon hidden from us in this voyage, and wanted to know what it was.' ?* Well, ye have the truth,' said Stone, 'and I'll go a bit furder with you yet, mates — the eapt'n here'll bear me out : the reason why the clergyman didn't tell us afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to be spliced to was on the island was 'cause he was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a likely thing in a man ? Why, I've known chaps afraid to say their prayers — actually ashamed to ask for God's blessin' upon them and those they've left at home — for fear they'd be laughed at by their mates, choosin' rather to put aside God's love than be jeered at by tile meanest of Mb creatures.' .'* Well, that's true enough,' grumbled Breeches. 'X myself have had feelin's 1 shouldn't ha' liked to talk about, 'specially when my boy was drownded.' 'It's all that bloomin' Johnny ?' cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told the cook the truth there'd ha' been nothen said. But who was going to 'know what we was bound out for when that cbap comes along with his yarns about ghosts and sperrits on an island waiting for the schooner to take 'em off ?' 'And I ain't sure, Micky,' said Sawyer, turning upon the cook, 'that the yarn wasn't aggravated by your way of re lating of it.' ' I'll swear,' cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast, ' that I never said nothing about the ghost's heyes bein' like ridin' lamps for brightness. Yet Micky made that out. S'elp me, skipper, it wur Micky's temper as forced me to 'splain why I hadn't come forrard afore, or rather than ha' said a word about the parson's yarn I'd ha' been'— and here, as was apparently his custom, he expressed himself willing to incur all sorts of fright ful and horrible calamities, such as being struck blind and the like. This the cook answered by calling Johnny many offen sive names ; but the crew now saw how it was ; there was nothing more to argue about, besides it would be eight bells be fore long, and time for the men who had the first wateh below to think of turning in. ' A queer notion for them to have got . into their heads,' said Hiram to Stone as they walked aft; 'better say nothen about it to Mr. Fortescue ; it might make him oneasy.' 'So I think,' replied Stone. 'I dunno that I'm sorry it's happened, either,' said Hiram ; ' if the woyage was puzzlin' to us aft it was bound to be puzzlin' forwards; but now its onder standable to all hands; at least, onder standable from the curate's way of looking at it. Mind ye, Bill, what I said to the men don't prove that I cease to consider the whole bilin' of this start amazin'ly soopernat'ral, as Breeches rightly calls it. I've been turning it over all the afternoon, and have come to the conclusion that this here woyage must be regarded as a whim put into the gent's mind by his dream. If the bearin's of your Island are correctly given we shall find it right enough, but that's all ; nothen else but the island, if it aint a savidge or two !' ' Well, we'll have to find that out by waitin',' said Stone. ' My view is that since as much as he could find out about his dream tarned out true the other part '11 be true likewise. Ye know, Hiram, that there's no nonsensical piety about me. What I believes in I keeps to myself unless I'm asked to speak. My notion is that one soul's quite enough for a man to look arter in this world, an' that if he consarns himself with other people's souls he stands to let his own. go adrift. So, touchin' this here dream, 1 don't want to hargue as if I was some convarted retired sea captain, who makes friends with par sons in the hope of gettin' a hoist into a berth ashore through 'em ; all that I desire to say is that the Being as made them stars, and the holler of whose hand is big enough to contain the ocean and everv thing afloat on it, is as likely to show mercy to a man by puttin' a useful dream into his head as by bending a gale of wind just when all hands thinks themselves lOBt.' 'Why, yes,' exclaimed Hiram, follow ing the indication of old Stone's finger as he pointed aloft j ' there's no limiting of the Lord's power ; everybody knows that; and it 'ud be prebumpsious,' he added, emphasising the ' b,' as though he would have Stone to observe h»* mastery ever difficult words, 'in me to say the parson's dream didn't came from the Lord. Still, Bill, Te know ^ would be more satisfac tory if $!§ Pfef? pf wisions wgg more general. ThesVye beea a &qq;& r - ? * dreams goin9 in this world ever since Hadam woke up and found Heve alongside of him, whichsome married menmightcon siderin the light of a nightmare ; but when it comes to one chap|bein' singled out ? ' He paused, and added, 'Tell 'ee what J should like to dream of, Bill, and find come true,' ' What ?' said Stone, gaping. ' Why, of a hisland— not with a ghost upon it — but with a signboard standing up an' saying, ' Four foot down lies ten thou sand pound in good money.' Thai ud' be a practical dre^m. But when it comes to females in -wisions implorin' of you ? ' He was checked by Stone gripping his arm, and at the same mofn'ent Mr. Forte scue came out of the cabitu It was natural that Xhe crew of the Golden Hope should nod matter tor talk in what Captain Weeks had told them. Certainly the curate's dream did not cor respond with. Johnnys notion of their being bound out to an island to bring home a ghost ; but it furnished the voyage with a motive that -made it seem a queer and uncommon thing in the thoughts of the simple, Ignorant fellows ; and Mr. Forte scue tfas ^promptly transformed into a mysterioublpereon to their fancy, who had visions and waB to a certain extent pos sessed, and was consequently to be treated with respect and politeness, because it was certain ne could exercise peculiar powers, and was therefore a man not to be offended or annoyed on account whatever. This was specially old Breeches' notion, and the rest of the men took it up readily. For several days there was no thing much talked about in the forecastle but Mr. Fortescue's dream, and every man had something to say about it in the shape of stories he had once heard ; in fact, they ended in frightening one another with yarns about apparitions, corpse candles, figures of drowned sea men rising in dead calm weather at mid night to iead shipa' names, then shaking their heads with gestures of grievous dis appointment and sinking again ; even Johnny had his yarn to add, whilst Breechep, the cook, Goldsmith, and Jim Kitt related a score among them till the night watches became decidedly uncom fortable, and the skipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows hanging about in couples. But by degrees the superstitious feel ings among them wore themselves out ; the men would notice that the curate was all kindness and gentleness in his way to them, that he had always a pleasant greeting for every man who came past him, and a friendly word for the helms man, whoever he might be ; he'd read from the Church Service to them on Sundays, and add a few words by way of a sermon. Long ere this they had found out thab they were a good and willing crew, the captain a smart hand, and Stone, a genial old seaman, it was a pleasure to work under ; so, after they had ' yarned ' one another into an anxious and nervous condition, they ' turned to ' and talked themselves out of it, all agreeing — even the cook — that they had never been in a more comfortable little craft, nor engaged for a pleaaanter voyage, dream or no dream. Indeed, Johnny's carrying his blundering tale forward proved as fortunate an occurrence as could have been wished ; for first, it converted the curate into a very impressive personage, not so much, to be greatly liked as to be extremely respected ; next it raised a curiosity among the crew as to the issue of the voyage, and this put a spirit of unanimity into them ; then a certain kind of sympathy was begotten for Mr. Forfcescue, after repeated discussions in and on the forecastle, for it was plain he was always sad and grieving secretly ; his far-away look would be noticed, the very -smile he would give was but as a light upon his face to exhibit how much of sorrow was there, and when the crew took this and combined it with their belief that he could see visions, and that he had been spoken to by heaven in his dreams, and that what he was seeking was a sweetheart who had revealed her existence to him and shown him the island she was upon, and which William Stone knew all about, they felt a sort of importance, as of men engaged in something solemn and won derful, superior to any kind of job sea faring men had ever been asked to deal with. Bnt it took them from forty degrees north latitude to the doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. As to Fortescue, he had no idea that the confession he had made to the cap tain and mate was known forward. He certainly observed the askant glances the men would throw at him, the wide berth they sought to give him when their duty carried them to and from where he waa sitting or standing ; then, later on, he'd notice the more genial manner, the quicker, the less apprehensive recognition of his gentle greeting ; but he was too absent-minded to attach the significance indications of the kind would win from a suspicious or sharp observer ; he knew just enough about sailors to imagine that he could not err in attributing any oddities of behavior to their habits and principles, until the merging of the crew's feelings into a general sympathetic willingness and contentment left him noth ing to observe even if he ever had eyes for marked conduct among them. The days slipped by, and the voyage to the Indian Ocean promised to be per fectly eventless. They carried a swinging north-wester through the Horse latitudes, and picking up the north-east trade wind after a couple of days of light baffling airs, in 28° north, swept down the Atlantic with the thunder of the breeze that blew a fresh gale at times in their reefed mainsail, till they found themselves one day creeping and crawling over a brassy, burnished glaring space of equatorial sea, eagerly catching every faint breathing of air aloft, or watch ing with eyes which seemed entranced by the breathless deep for the dimmest tar nish of draught fainting as it came out of the pale azure ruled by the water-line. This was a trying time for Fortescue. The spell of stagnation might have been endurable to him the other side of Africa ; but here was the schooner swinging help less near to the parallel on which the island lay, but with, a vast continent be tween, which had to be measured, and the mighty Southern Ocean off Agulhas entered before he should be able to verify Stone's solemn affirmation. Both the captain and the mate must have long ago guessed that the equatorial belt would be the place to tax the patience of the man whose mind seemed easy only when the Golden Hope wasflashingthrough the seas, bringing the island closer by every daring and graceful leap she took from emerald hollows to snowy heights ; and until the breeze came that blew them clear the equator they were constantly apologising for the weather. ' Here's April the 5th, Mr. Fortescue,' Hiram said, ' and to here from latitude forty degrees north has been such sailing as no man with a conscience in him could fall foul of. I allow that the run from the Thames has been longer than I bargained for ; but what are ye goin' to do when it's nothen but thickness and ratchin' ?' And then old Stone would say, ' Well, this here stillness, sir, ain't cheerful certainly ; but I've always looked upon this part of the ocean as a sort of baiting place for ships. It's the sign of the Neptune, and here vessels which have been hard drove, whether coming from the north or from the south, are glad to rest, as the Golden Hope is, to recruit their health, and dry themselves and sprawl a bit in the sun, like hens which ye'll see get upon a sand heap and wallow till they make a hole, when they cocks a leg and a wing out, the wery picture of heasineBs, to my way of thinkin'. But depend upon it, sir, th' Hope'll make up for this spell of sittin' down. If the south-east trades be still ablowin', wait till the Bchooner catches 'em fair ~~ the Dort bow, and then ve'll Seitow far Z& afirfn «#?* *¥ Cape to remain in a few daySi' . He happened to make this remark to Fortescue in the presence of Hiram, who Bzclaimed, 'What d'ye mean, Bill, by sayiijg if the South-east trades be still a-Wowin ! What's to prewent 'em ?' ' Well, I dunno, I'm sure,' answered Stone; 'but to tell you the truth, Bkipper, so many changes have taken place since I first went to sea as a boy, that it's a Borb o' defyin' of Providence not to put if before notions which was formerly- certainties. ' ' ' But you wouldn't say if the sun should rise to-morrow morning, BUI, as though you wasn't sure?' exclaimed Hiram, who, partly from love of argument and partly from the desire to amuse Me. Fortescue, would often engage his mate in discussions of this kind. ** Why, perhaps not,' answered Stone, ' 'cauBe* if the sun didn't mean to rise to- morrow morning we should be froze to death afore we could speculate oa his in tention. But it's another matter with winds, which, if they be governed by laws, don't seem to understand 'em. When I was fust goin' to sea the north east trade always blowed more no'therly than it do now, and the south-east trade more heatiterly. Things are halterin'. I don't see how they can help it. Take this here globe. Astronomers say it's gainin' in matter. Consequently it must be growin' bigger. Very well. Now, take the sun. Astronomers say it's slowly consuming of itself up ; I think that likely, for certainly in England it ;-i.,'t, so hot in summer as it used to be. Now, it's plain to me, if the earth's growin' heavier and the sun's gettin' smaller, our horbit's a changin', which must likewise alter the winds. In fact my notion is, Mr. For tescue, that in the course of ages this here globe'll run short o water and be dried up and become like the moon. Who knows that there ain't astronomers in some of the planets watch ing us through telescopes as we watches them, and calculatin' from records their ancestors kept, that if this here globe keeps all on as it is in so .many millions of years it'll be like the moon, without a wisible starn, nothen but face,'and that all froze up?' To which Hiram replied, ' Why, that may be, for who's going to guess what'll happen millions of years * hence, and, indeed, Mr. Fortescue, who wants to know? if there isn't to be no trade winds in them times you'll find other laws hoperatin* which '11 answer jest as well. I'm not a man to be interested only in the years I may live in. I'm willing to feel consarned in what may happen down to such time as a man s great grand- children are old men and women, but arter ihat things must become troubles to them as aint now born nor likely to be dreamt of for a long spell. D'ye see, sir? No use of talking with Stone here of millions of years. If the south-east trades last my time I shall be satisfied, for there's no chance of my young 'uns takin' to seafarin', for the best of all reasons — I ain't gob any.' Chapter XXI. — A Brief Haxt. If there was little enough to interest Fortescue in such conversation as this there should have been plenty to amuse him in the faces of the men, Stone earnest and sympathetic, chiefly to be remem bered by his hook-like forefinger, with which he seemed to score his observations upon the air, and his rugged features ; Hiram, jaunty, with a certain cocksure ness about him, and a laugh-like neigh, and a smile like the mouth of a sack. The calm lasted three days, during which, somehow, the schooner managed to sneak over 40 miles of water. It is true she'd got an impulse now and then from a draught of air, and Hiram -would call the clergyman's attention to brass - wire - like ripples breaking from the cutwater when the sea re sembled quicksilver, polished and stain less with the image of the sun plain in its heart, like the nucleus of a comet, the tail whereof was the luminary's burning wake — as though it was impossible for the schooner to stand still, even when the light canvas of the little topgallant stun' sailhung motionless between every long drawn, gentle, gradual heave of the swell moving in sluggish folds from east to west. Such progress as was made was indeed like the imperceptible passage of the Ancient Mariner's ship that was propelled by the opening of the atmosphere ahead and the closing of it behind. Bat why drives on that shvo ao faBt, Without a wave or wind ? The air ia cut away before, And closses front behind. At least you'd have thought so bad you come on deck one morning as the curate did and noticed the flickering gleam of a full-rigged ship's canvas away about two points on the starboard bow, and found that at sunset, though, she was heading southwards, the schooner had sneaked her fair abaft the beam. This waB the odder for the fact that for an hour after the cook had hove some of his wash overboard you would see it close astern, perhaps with the grease of it widening out into an iridescent patch, as if it meant to remain there all day. But the fruiter was a wonderful sailer ; in such weather as this she was like a butterfly, all wings ; and not a breath could come barely with weight enough to give a plume- like curl to the thread of smoke going straight up out of the galley chimney, but she felt it. It was terribly hot in the cabin ; the ordinary seamen kept the quarterdeck damp with swabbing, but the moisture broke away in steam, and the pitch in the seams was as soft as warm cobbler's wax. Fortescue lived on deck, and would stay far into the night, but only to reappear pale and unrefreshed from a short spell of sleep in his bed below. The repose of the mighty ocean was wonderful, almost terrible to him in those hushed and stag nant days. When there was a stillness in the schooner he would sit listening to the Bilence betwixt heaven and water, with his thoughts full of Agatha. She was the principle that centred all he viewed, all he thought of, till his visionary character, his quality of mysticism, found her ideal commingling in the radiant blueness of the day, the sparkling darkness of the night ; for his love and grief and hope made her the soul of all that his eyes rested on, and he beheld her everywhere. The roughest sailor forward would notice the rapt gaze he'd fix upon the liquid light-blue line that denned the junction of the Bky and the ocean, and knowing the curate's story, guessed he was fancying he saw the island with his loved one upon it. Once old Stone watched with awe the singular expression in Fortescue's dark, beautiful, yearning eyes upturned to a soft mother o' -pearl-like cloud that had arisen in the east and floated radiant to where the verge of the hot white sunshine melted into blue, when It dissolved ; and a little later on, Bpeaking of this to Captain Weeks, he said, '? Hiram, d'ye know what fancy he put into me with that fixed stare of bis ? Well, you may laugh, but I tell yer, he made me think that that cloud which had come out of the east might have the reflection of the island and his girl upon it, and he was looking to see if the representation was there.' Poor Stone ! Hiram did laugh, but nevertheless the old sailor was near the truth, for sympathy will give the plainest, most unlettered mind, the right kind of instincts for divinations. But the impatience excited in the curate by this interval of calm could not check deep and melancholy and even super stitious thought. Nighttime would give fancy its keenest edge, when with mur muring canvas the schooner lay swaying on the cradling swell under the velvet blsck dome that glittered with stars, and that was clouded with diamond-dust, aud that was radiant with meteoric shootings, the bland beauty of moon-like planets, and of orbs which the eye of Fortescue had never before beheld. Then it was, when the silence of the dusk had entered like a deep peace into the ocean hush, when, no voice sounded forward, no footfall aft, wiea all lights were hidden or extinguisiied save the binnacle - lamp that dimly gilded the statuesque figure of the helmsman, when the motionless form of Captain Weeks or the mate leaning against the rail waa dis tinguishable only by the stars his figure blotted out, when iae rustling of the can vas on high and the light pattering of dew discharged from gaff, yard, and boom^ from reef-points and bolt ropes and what ever else the midnight hidden swell could shake, sounded like the murmur of wind, the falling of raindrops among trees ; tlien it was that Fortescue's imagination would take wing and pluck from the seen and the unseen such fancies that if the rough and homely sailors forward had gathered their nature, their sympathy must have been changed again into fear, and one might have heard of something like a mutiny founded on the time' honored tradition of Jack's dislike of sail ing with a parson aboard. But you must not go to the forecastle for interpretation of musings full of poetry and mysticism and tearful with the inspi rations of a heart yearning for one deeply loved. If the clergyman's gaze sought out any bright particular star it was but to wonder whether lier eye was on it, too ; and then, you know, thoughts of her up turned colorless face would visit him and he would see her, till the phantom grew into a reality as substantial, at least, as that which crossed the vision of Hamlet when his mother stared to right and left in search of what the prince beheld. Nor was it wonderful in a mind constituted as Fortescue's was that one effect of bis startling and wonderful dream should be to impress him with the fancy that inter course could be held between him and his distant one by sympathy. In. 'Jane Eyre' the heroine hears the voice of the man she loves calling her, though he is leagues away. In real Me the existence of spiritual bonds which furthest distance could not break nor attenuate into irresponsiveness, has been proved by marvellous correspondence of action, of desire, of feeling ; and since this sen se of sympathetic or spiritual union between Fortescue and Agatha would inevitably be heightened to an ex traordinary degree by the vision that had brought her in her agony face to face with him in his sleep, there was nothing singu lar—however it might have struck Hiram or William Breeches — in the young clergyman's fancies during these still, tropical nights, when he would look up at the heavens and believe that the satn9 yellow star he gazed at was watched also by his love with thoughts of him as his were thoughts of her ; that the deep soul- \ spoken prayer he would put up for her j and for himself to God was re-echoed by \ her in the darkness, miles away down i yonder in the gleaming east, throagh ! operation of some such amazing, myste rious sympathy as has made voices be yond the grave audible to living, loving ears. ? There would be mystery, too, m the silent ocean night that tinctured his emotionalism with a darker shade of imagination. Who that has looked over the side of a slumbering vessel into the deep shadows of the night waters has not dreamed and let loose his thoughts in the wondrous glass-like black profound ? The Golden Hope was in those parallels where ? fire may be chipped out of the sea as sieel J strikes it from a flint. To lean over the rail and gaze downwards was to behold strange flashings and fadings, spectoral j configurations of faint blue flame, swarm ings of cloudy fire, sometimes yellow, , sometimes blue, sometimes green, as , though the raidance of some re- j mote sunset were putting the dim . reflection of wild unusual tints into the liquid blackness. Would not such a sight influence the fancies of the clergy man when he brought his gaze away from the white stars low down on the horizon to the mysterious phosphorescent shining? j With every gentle roll of the schooner | puffs of vaporish light broke from her j sides under the surface, intermixed with j keener sparklings and quickly vanishing i flashes : and once Fortescue observed the ! glittering outline of a shark hanging ! Bteadily on the quarter, never shifting its j position by a hair's breath, though the schooner had then caught a cat's paw in her upper canvas, and was deeping softly along with a wake behind her that was like the glimmer of emeralds, most beautiful, yet rendered unearthly by the black surface on either hand by the gleaming shape of the long, nsaligoant tieh, and by the contrast of the Ijw lying stars which the eye that followed the wake found just beyond. It was on the third and last nigh1; of these days of calm that a thing happened which might make one suppose Nature was in a conspiracy with God knows what against Fortescue's peace of juiad -, as though startling him with an amazing dream, agitating him by the sense of prophetic sight, raising a desire of wild hurry in him, then thwarting him by hushing the atmosphere and smoothing every wrinkle out of the deep fell short of her intentions towards him. It was six bells in the first watch ; 11 o'clock at night ; an hour of supreme calm, the large stars shining fiercely as though their flames excited their fullest power in the motionlessness on high ; the light swell was so regular that little save a feeble flap from aloft, a thin strain ing noise tautened gear, indicated the rocking of the tall and pallid fabric in the air. The schooner's decks were in deep shadow, for the cabin lamp was extinguished, there was no haze on the skylight, and forward it was all inky blackness from the added darkness of the sails' shadows there. One of the watch on deck leaned against the forecastle rail ; you could see his figure against the faint ness of the starlight over the bulwark; all stun'sails were in, and the vessel lay under plain canvas ; Sawyer dozed at the tiller and Stone, who had the watch, was softly pacing the deck, smoking a pipe, having had a long yarn about the island, the voyage to it, the Verulam's boats, and the like, with Fortescue, who had gone to the side, and there stood lost in thought, with his hands upon the rail, that was crystallised with dew, bright as diamonds with the starlight upon it. On a sudden a thrill ran through the whole length of the schooner ; it was like the shudder of a human frame ; utterly indescribable in its effect as a sensation in those who felt it. There was a moaning, too, in the air — at least it seemed to have its echo overhead — that was like the sound of a great wind rushing up the sea on the other Bide of the horizon. ' What's that ?' cried Sawyer at the helm, startled into full wakefulness. Fortescue ran over to Stone. ' The schooner's touched — if Bhe ain't ashore,' roared a voice from for ward, and the hurricane note, as it was flung back by the sails and went dying out upon the sea, somehow instantly put an element of fear into the wonder that was felt. 'Touched be hanged !' shouted Stone, greatly excited. ' Isn't this the very deepest, part of the two oceans ? Hark ! Is that wind ? Listen, cuss ye, Sawyer, can't yer, till I find its direction ?' But ere the pause could make itself felt upon the ear, there was another shock, this time almost violent, as though the schooner were actually touching and grinding her keel through it over a rough bottom ; you heard a rattle of crockery and glass ; the telescope that Fortescue had put down on the skylight rolled off it on to the deck, and an uneasy groaning noise was uttered by the cocks and hens in the coop, similar to that they make when a large bird flies over them. The watch below tumbled up through the scuttle with the hurry of men who, believ ing their vessel to be sinking, do not stop to dress. At the same moment Hiram came flying out of the companion hatch, attired in his drawers and shirt, so that he would have presented a very picturesque figure, only unfortunately there was nothing but the starlight to see him by. All hands were talking and questioning, and the growl of their voices full of con sternation filled the air, when Hiram, in one of his splitting, husky yells, cried, 'Silence! I want to hear what's hap pened?' Just then, as if in answer to the sea man's enquiry, there was a third shock — a vibration to sicken the most nautical stoHnach because of its exceeding uncom montusBS ; again, wherever there was crockery and glass, there was a rattling ; again the live stock delivered their melan choly affrighted note ; a shudder seemed to come down from the mastheads through ; the trembling sails into every plank, beam, ' and fastening of the Golden Hope ; and two or three [rough voices forward roared out hoarsely ' we're ashore,' whilst there was a rush to right and left to look over the side. ' Get a cast of the lead, Mr. Stone,' bawled Hiram : and sniffing noisily he turned to Mr Fortescue and exclaimed, ' Ain't the air full o'gunpowder ?' ' I notice a smell as of sulphur,' ex claimed the curate. Snuffling hard and expectorating like wise, Captain Weeks went to the side and then noticed that the calm waa absolute and the schooner' as utterly at rest as ever she could be moored in a river. This being so it was plain to him that even were it conceivable that such a thing as a shoal existed hereabouts the vessel could not have struck and dragged herself over it though that had been the exact sensation produced by the shocks. Meanwhile, Stone had dropped the hand-lead over board, and of course the whole scope of it yielded no sounding; the well was also tried, and not a drop of water found beyond the usual drainings, at which the pump sucked. The cook had lighted a lantern and brought it aft ; and to it came the men to hear what Hiram had to say— a picturesque congregation, scarcely dressed, some of them directing their eyes, which gleamed in the lantern light, around the sea, most of them spitting and snuffing as Hiram did — Hiram who was now visible in his airy costume, as he Btood -with Sfcone aud Mr. Forteacue near the skylight. 'Bloomin' rum smell this, growled Breeches, making as much as he could of it by coughing and sniffing. ' If,' said old Stone slowly, ' I could see e'er a wessel in the neighborhood I should have reckoned she'd fired a gun ; only there waa no light.' 'Surely,' said Mr. Fortescue, in a voice that sounded like a flute for melo diousness after the throat-hoarseness of the seaman's tones, ' those shocks must have been produced by a submarine earth quake.' 'Ay,' exclaimed some one, ' but what's a-makin' this here stink ?' ' If it's a airthquake,' remarked Gold smith, 'it'll ha' killed a vast o' fish and corrupted of 'em right off. It's them that'll smell, then.' ''iou may be right, Mr. Fortescue,* said Hiram, 'yet I dou'c see how a quake's a goin' to make the schooner feel as if she'd taken the ground. Water ain't like airth. All a quake could do would be to raise a bit o£ a swell, and and that 'ad set the schooner rollin.', but; the feelin' in the cabin was as if she wur scrapin' over a bed o' baraasles.' ' Same in the fo'k'ale,' said one ol the men. Just then there was another thrill* faint, but most unpleasantly perceptible'. ' Did ye feel that,' was sung out in a chorus ; a fresh fold of sulphurous air seemed to rise off the water, and old Breeches, in his alarm forgetting the presence of Mr. Fortescue, cried out, 'Cuss my eyes, if I don't think the schooner's ashore on the top of some blasted wolcaney.' He had scarce said this when a great yellow flame shot up out of the ocean about two miles distant, a3 it was reckoned, on the schooner's port quarter. It was like the flash of a very large gun, and the ear was instinctively bent to catch the report, but the sound that followed was very different from that of an explosion of gunpowder. The-huge light came and went in a breath, ob scuring the stars and whitening out the sea into a surface of splendor ; it dazzled the Bight of those who happened to be looking in the direction of it ; bub others who had turned to where the light had leapt from could easily distinguish at once a mass of vapor rising dense and denser out of what was apparently a circumference of boiling water, so white that it resem bled moonlight on the sea there. Boiling it was, for you heard the seething of it, and could watch the steam rising and spreading, blotting out all the luminaries low down, and turning them wan in a dim and sickly green where the vapor rose into thinness so that you could see through it. In a moment or two the first of a succes sion of black swells took the Golden Hope, and she rolled heavily, putting her rail down to it almost, with, her crew holding on, lost in amazement, and many of them unnerved. Boom and gaffs swung savagely ; the canvas snapped at the sheets with the sudden heaving ; the tiller swept athwart like a scythe, and it was lucky the fellow whose 'trick' it was had let go and come away from it a few paces ; the crockery rattled and broke in the cabin ; and the effect, indeed, was like lying becalmed in a mountainous swell after a gale of wind that has dropped on a sudden. 'WelLrm blest ''cried Hiram hold ing on to the companion and exhibiting, through his meagre clothing, a figure in perfect keeping with this strange terrify ing commotion. The fifth, last, and certainly the heaviest swell passed, sweep ing up the schooner and heaving her down till you heard the water pouring over the gangway rail ; then, after swaying a bit like a pendulum, she settled steady and upright on the perfect calm again. The white water had vanished ; the sound of seething was no longer audible ; nothing indicated that a volcanic eruption had rent and whitened the breast of the dark and silent ocean save some thin wings of vapor hovering over the spot and fast dissolving against the stars. But the smell of sulphur was extremely strong and offensive, and though the color and nature of it could not be gathered in the dusk, it was certain: that some sort of Btuff coated the water for miles, for it hid the phosphorescent sparklings, it concealed the starlight in the sea, and the deep lay under the heavens perfectly lustreless, yet with an ungliramering faintness upon it, a sort of wanness that was without the least sheen, so that it had a strange and more un earthly aspect than had it been of a dead and gleamless ebony. 'Well I'm blest!' repeated Hiram, after what had seemed a pause, during which all hands had been staring around them, listening and watching. ' I hope we ain't goin' to have more o' this,-' exclaimed the cook in a broken voice. 'I've been to sea a good many years, but I don't know as ever I heerd tell of the likes of such a bust up as this.' ' It a wolcanicheruption,' said Stone ; ' not very common, I dessay, hough it'& happened often enough to satisfy us that it ain't peculiar to this schooner. It's fire breakin' out of the middle of the globe through the land at the bottom of the sea.' ' 'Sou may tarm it fire, Mr. Stone,' said Breeches nervously, ' but it cau't be such fire as ye gets ashore, otherwise the water 'ud put it out.' ' Maybe it's the sort o' fire that burns in that there onmentionable place where there's no salvation goin' ?' exclaimed Kitt, forcing a laugh. ' Look here, my lad,' cried Hiram, urnlng towards him, ' you jest shut up hem jokes, d'ye hear ? Why, what d'ye call yerself, I should like to know, to be makin' fun over a job that if it had taken place under the schooner instead of two miles off would ha' clapped a stopper on the whole of us V ' I've always said there's too much of he Jack Pudden about Jimmy,' said Breeches. ' Wish a breeze o' wind 'ud come and blow us away from this part. Why, as the capt'n says, the bust up may happen right under us the next time.' 'If there should be another eruption bhe chances are a million — nay, millions — to one against it occurring under the schooner,' said Mr. Fortescue. ' Only consider, men, the vast area of water we float upon, and how minute a speck we are in comparison.' ' The gent's right enough there,' said young Joe Hall, and more comforting, emphasis yet was furnished to Mr. for tescue's assurance by observations from TTiram and Stone. ' Dessay,' exclaimed Breeches, ' if it liad been daylight, we'd ha3 seen an island hove up among that bilin'. Anybody see anything like a island ?' All hands stared, but to no purpose. ' This here smell puts me in mind o| London, when the -weather's thick there,' said Duck. *' More like a factory where they makes lucifer matches,' observed Hiram. ' William, have ye a bit o' baccy about you { ive get no nousei-a uu, «*'« *«? been wonderin' where my pockets was gone to.' -i-i He was provided with a quid, and oa the suggestion of Mr. Fortescue the boy Johnny went below for a bottle of rum, a *' tot ' or gill of which was served round, -rreatly to the satisfaction of the men. The crew hung about the decks till eight bells (midnight), during which time no further shocks were felt. By then the smell of the sulphur had become faint, and the stuff— whatever it was, if it were not lava — had thinned off the surface of the water so as to permit here and there a gleam to show in the brows of the slight undulations, and to reveal points of mir rored starlight. At this hour a line of darkness, deeper than the shadow there, was visible in the east. It proved a merry wind, sweet as milk, and the crew drank it in as a cordial, whilst the schooner, leaning from the breeze, glided over the ripples, finding fire again in the sea as Bhe dipped and sheared through the water with her knife-like catwater. They took the south-east trade wind ia the latitude of Ascension, and not sooner ; so that Hiram was beginning to think that old Stone was right in putting an . 'if' before these and all other kinds of winds. In fact the captain had so long, awhile past been accustomed to the fruit trade of the Azores and Mediterranean that he had forgotten a good deal about the southern hemisphere, and had counted agon finding the trade wind blowing close to the line. But when it came at last it proved a grand wind, with weight enough in it to let the echooner carry all plain sail ; and through it she slashed like a yacht in a racing match, heading some thing to the eastward of south from the longitude of about 26 degrees west. These were fine times for Hiram, Stone, and the men ; all needful jobs were fo the most part trifling, and it was more like old-fashioned whaling than anything else for the manner in which the Golden Hope was left to be blown along. Some times they would speak a ship homeward bound, that is they would make ttta schooner's number to her and hoist tlie necessary flags to tell how many days they were out and to say that all was well. For though to Mr. Fortescue Wyloe seemed as i emote and unattainable a place from the middle of the South Atlantic as the centre of the Antarctic Circle might seem to a Gceenlandman., yet he was willing to believe on the testimony of Captain Weeks that any news signalled to a ship would be as sure to reach Wyloe Vicarage, providing the vessel was not* lost on the journey, as though it were a letter posted in London, and it pleased him to think of the simple, admiring wonder Mr. Clayton and others in the little village would feel when they heard from Wrotham & Co., or from Mr. Salt, or irom Mr. Qailter, that the last account received from Mr. Fortescue was he was heading southwards for the Cape of Good Hope at the rate of nine or ten marine miles an hour. Or sometimes they would overhaul a vessel, never finding their match, except once, which brings us to an incident. Then the overtaking craft was possibly one of the biggest full-rigged ships at that time afloat, if not the biggeBt. She was made out on the weather quarter at sun set a mere blood-red spot ; and next morning after breakfast, in the forenoon watch she was about a mile and a half to windward, right abeam an immensely long four-masted ship, painted green with a narrow white streak ; her fourth mast was rigged with a spanker and gaff topsail and gaff topgallantsail ; she had skysail poles, the main pole long enough for a moonsail, which when used was set flying ; stunsail booms on the topgallant yards and crowds of staysails between the masts. She was going through it like a harpooned whale, all fury and thunder ; there could be nothing in steam as it then was to rival the powerful thrashing of that long clipper ship through the wide Atlantic surge as she inclined her pyra mids of storming cloths towards the Golden Hope, and swept her towering, beautiful, fragile heights of skysail-masts along the greenish heavens of the horizon, out of which the trade clouds were trend ing in steady processions into the north west. There was too much beauty and majesty in the sight to suffer any sense of mortification to be felt aboard the £Ch-joner by that ship's eclipsing speed. Mr. ForteaeiiH stood watching her for a whole hour until she was well ahead, deeply fascinated by the noble ocean picture she made with the white water streaming from under her counter like the foauting backwash from a great paddle -wheel and her leaning canvas, like squares of gleaming vapor shot with shadow into the fluctuating tints you see in satin or the colored sbininga you get in the whites nf f\fvtai-n sphsVipHr. and the srlitfftrincr rainbows which would flash in segments upon every crystal smoking upheaval of spray on her weather bow, and the incessant sparkling of glaBB and bright work along her decks and lengths like flashings of musketry, with the American ensign pulling at her peak signal halliards and her fore and mizzen royal yards, and her main skyeail yard cross ing the topmast spars at an angle with heaven and ocean ; whilst every bowline went forward taut as a rod of steel from the bolt rope, and every shroud and back stay and halliard came down to windward dark and stiff as the bars of a lion's cage. Why it was just as Hiram told Mr. Fortescue — *' Sir, she's a sight ye need to make you onderstand what a wild and glorious and free and noble helement this here ocean is, when the sun's high and sparkling down upon the blueness in them troughs and the whiteness upon them creBts, and when the wind's a breeze full of weight and warmth, look how the water washes away in smoke from her. If them Yankees don'c know how to build, they've got nothen to learn from us. 'Tis the second beautiful ship of the States we've met, and if we've licked the first, litres one as is going to awenge her. Talk oJ the power o' canvas with wind in it. Mark how she splits the seas, Mr. Fortescue ! and reckonin' her to have two thousand tons of cargo in her hold, only consider the awful power her cutwater has as it rips oat a road for her and jumps what it can't divide. Who's going to tell me of the littleness and wanity of man when he can tarn to and build and send afloat a Bhip that's like a storm for the noise she makes up aloft and for rendin' and tearin' of the sea, till if you look, as she gives one of her long floating swoops you'd imagine the foam all about her to be the beginning of a waterspout.' There could be no jealousy, no rivalry'; perhaps also Hiram guessed the Golden Hope was being watched and admired by more than one eye on board the flying ship capable of appreciating the beaufci fuUyimoulded huU of the schooner that being to leeward would naturally show the yellow sheathing and the best of her charms from the stem to her helm- port, together with her own heights of finely cut and perfectly set canvas ; whilst there was her speed too to wonder at as she fled with dancing motion from sea to sea, like a bird on the wing brushing for mere wantonness the heads of the surges that the light of the snow she dashed from them might be like laughter to accompany her in her indescribably graceful move ments. Weeks would suspect this, I say, and rightly ; but outsailed as the schooner was, the great four-masted ship could only be to him a source of wonder and admiration, an object to point at with a seaman's pride both for her going qualities and the majesty of her appearance, and as one of those higher illustrations of sea-life which a landsman must look at to understand. ' Ah !:' he exclaimed, with a deep sigh, bringing his eyes away from her to Mr. Fortescue and then peering at old Stone, who had come on deck and was inspecting the ship with critical regard, ' Sunrise and sunset an3 moonshine and the likes of them effects, are poetry — things proper for rhymes ; but such a craft as that is to my mind the naturallest beauty of the ocean and the better for not being able to be wrote about in werse There's ne'er a one as can make * hull ' answer to * gull ' but what can hindite whole fathoms of werse about the moon Bhinin3 on the sea, and the tempest ravin over the bilin' ocean. I've met with yards o' such stuff in the papers — specially in the Yankee journals. But when it conies to a ship— to what I call the naturallest object of the sea — why, poetry's done ! Ay, it is, though. There's nothen to be said ; a man can only look, an' if a chap was to let his hair grow as long as a Chaneyman'a tail in the persua sion that it's long hair as helps the brain +o make rhymes, he'd still be as fur off rrom being able to describe such a ship as that, in a manner fit to please a sailor or any one who knows what a ship is, aailin' along like her yonder, as — as — well, as fur off as he ought to be, for we don't want no poetry at sea unless it'swordB you can sing out when you pull and hauL'. 'But what d'ye mean by poetry, Hiram ?' exclaimed Stone. ' Rhymes,' answered Hiram, ' wrote in sing-song. Ain't that right, sir 2' ad dressing Mr. Fortescue. 'Poetry is the way you look at and think of a thing,' answered the clergy man. 'To many this sea is just salt water and nothing else ; for others it holds meanings as deep as the word of God.' 'Well,' said Hiram, contemplatively staring at the sea with his protruding eyes, *' I dessay it do. It has a many meanings to me— mostly in shipmates as have perished in it, in the perils I've run on it, the food I've eaten, the work I've had to do. Would you call that finding poetry in it?' 'Yes,' answered Fortescue, partly amused, partly touched by the queer looking sailor's Bimple, earnest manner. ' It is more than salt water to you, you see. Poetry is what human feeling gives to the universe and interprets out of it again. When a man thinks of the cradle he slept in as a baby his thoughts are not of the basket and the mattress of down, but of the heaven-like innocence of his infancy, the sweetness and purity of his sleep in that little crib, the loving mother's face that bent over him, the fancies kindled in her as she rocked the cradle humming softly. It is memory and feeling which enable a man to find a perfect poem in the bare, broken-down cottage in which he was born, though he should come from a stately home of his own to view it ; which enable a sailor to find romance, ay, and even matter for tecfts, in the old, dark, grimy forecastle in which he first went to sea, when life was young and hope bright, and all things a delight and pleasure to him.' 'Ha!' said Stone, fetching a long breath ; ' that's my notion. That's poetry. No rhymes in that, Hiram, wrote in sing-song. I've got a whisp of hair below in my chest. I've had it 35 years. No matter how I came by it, or who it belonged to ; but I tell yer, Hiram, I couldn't open the paper it's wrapt up in and look at it without givin1 all 1 know to be able to cry. It is but a bit of hair, mate, and as hair — as a bit of mere hair — why should it sarre me as I say it do if it warnt as Mr. Fortescue says, that we puts our feelings into things and call's the extraction of 'em poetry. An' poetry it is. There's no mistakin' of it for anything else.' 'Well, I suppose it is,' said Hiram, picking up the glass for a look at the ship ahead, feeling Stone's superiority to him in his capacity of emotion and of defini tion, and therefore changing the subject. 'How well that wessel lays up, Mr. Fortescue. Her yards are almost fore and aft. I reckon all hands must have taken that there lee main brace to the capstan to bring the yard as it lies.' (To be continued.) 