WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1887. Yesterday some correspondence was laid before the House of Assembly relating to the dispute between the Government and certain of the 1888 pastoral lessees as to t^"> basis of the valuation of *F?*? im proTementa on their rant. The conten tion hw been set up on behalf of the lc—urn that the value of wells in which water la found Is to be taken aa Including tbecoetof unsuccessful aa well as success fol attempt* to find water, or that the value ahould be taken as equivalent to the higher value the wells have given to the anrroonding country by lnereuing its capacity for carrying stock. More over, it is urged that In either case the coat of all machinery of a permanent character used for raising, storing, and dis tributing water ahould be included as part of the water Improvements for which ieaaees are entitled to be paid in full. The squatters put forward other claims, but these axe the meat important They demand payment for dry wells principally on the ground that the latter have formed a, necessary factor In the development of the oonntry, affording information which has been of great value In determining the sites of wells in which water was ultimately discovered. The Government, for their part, have consistently declined to admit the validity of these extraordi nary ?Imm- The solicitors for one of the 1688 lessees, Sir Thomas Elder, de sired the Commissioner of Crown Lands to consent to an arrangement for the statement of a special case to be decided by the Supreme Court, but Mr. Coles declined the proposition aa being of an " impracticable" character. The letters between Mr. Coles and the lawyers are quite entertaining. In contending for the interests of their client, the legal gentlemen adopt a severely satirical cone, which la resented by the Commissioner as offensive. Mr. Coles shows, however, that he is well able to take care of him* self. He declares unhesitatingly that his view aa to the value to be paid for a well is that the amount shall not In any case exceed the actual cost. 'The Government, he says in effect, have no intention whatever of paying for dry wells, which are useless and cannot be regarded v improvements in any shape or form. Parliament never intended that the value of water Improvements ahould be calcu lated on the basis which the squatters wuh to establish. Their view has never previously been set up, while the view of the Government has always been accepted and acted upon. Mr. Coles assures the lawyers that while he had no idea of referring to * " legislative Interpretation" of the oontzact with the pastoral lessees by way of a threat, yet "if there Is any serious doubt as to what Parliament intended in thumatter, the speediest, least expensive, and most effectual way of settling the dispute Is to bring the matter before Parliament." The Commissioner has been as good as bis word. AH efforts to adjust the matters in dispute without litigation having failed, the Government have determined to make on attempt to cut the Gordian knot by passing an Act defining what the. word "value," as used In certain statutes, means, and clearing op other doubtful points. It may be taken for granted that the pastoral lessees will bitterly resent the attempt to give a " legislative inter pretation" of the contract made with them by Parliament itself. It is not per missible in ordinary business transactions for one party to an agreement to con stitute himself the sole judge as to what that agreement means ; but Parliament Is all-powerful, and in the Interests of the public is at liberty on occasion to depart from a rule that admits of no exception In the case of individuals. There is no exaggeration in the statement that the claim of the pa?toral lessees has come with a great shock upon the country. If it be sustained it is difficult to say what enormous sums wQI not have to be paid by way of compensation for improvements, but it is not improbable that In the aggre gate the amount will be simply ruinous. The Premier remarked in the House of Assembly a week or two ago that "it ap peared that the lessees claimed the whole country and wanted the Government to buy it back from them." The Bill which was introduced by the Commissioner of Crown Lands Into the Assembly yester day consists of only seven clauses. But the Importance of the measure is not to be gauged by the extent of its con tents ; in fact, it contains so much matter likely to provoke debate that it is to be regretted thai it was not introduced earlier in the session. By clause 2lt is provided that the Act shall apply to the land comprised In all pastoral leases, whether the land comprised therein shall have been resumed or not. The crux of the Bill is clause 3, which reads as fol lows :— The word " value" aa used in the 17th sec tion of. " The Waste Lands Amendment Act, 1867," in reference to the wells therein re ferred to, and as used in the 27th section of the "Watte Lands Amendment and Procedure Act, 1869 70," in reference to the wells, dams, and reservoirs therein referred to, and in all Crown Lands Ads in reference to wells, dams, tanks, or reservoirs, was intended tomeaaand means in regard to any particular well, dam, tank or reservoir, the actual coat of sinking, making, constructing, enlarging, deepening, , and improving the same, but not of repairs and **— "'"g. les? a fair deduction for wear ! and tear and depreciation since such well, dam, tank, or reservoir was sunk, made, or cuostrocted; but the word "value" was not intended to mean, and does not mean or in clude any expenditure incurred in prospecting for water, or in sinking wells, which have not been proved to be, or are not of, a permanent character, available for the use of stock, or which do not iutmasa the carrying capabilities of the lands whereon the last-mentioned well* are sitnated; nor was the said word intended to mean, nor does the same mean or in clude any matter or thing which is not specified in this section. Although the Acts of 18C7 and 1869-70 have been repealed for many years the repeal of coarse does not affect any rights created by them, and to that extent they are etiU virtually Is force. Toe Act of 1867 was a relief statute, which allowed thtt holders of pastoral i?"^? that h*A suffered severely from drought to sur render their leases and take op new ones at reduced rents. The holders-of the 1888 leases regained possession of their lands under the provisions of this measure. Section 17 of the Act pro- i videa that the holders of 21 years' leases to be granted under the Act shall not be entitled ,to "any right of renewal, but makes provision for pay ment in respect of all wells of a perma nent character available for the use of j stock which may increase the carrying capabilities of the land, and which, may have been made during the last seven years of the term of tile lease. The full value was to be paid in the case of wells completed and nsed during the last year of the term; six- sevenths of the full value of wells com pleted and used during the hut year but one, and so on, one-seventh being ' deducted for every year unexplred. i Section '27 of the Amending Act of 1869-70 alters this by providing that on the expiry of any lease of pastoral land not within hundreds the lessee shall be paid for any wells, dams, and reservoirs of a permanent character, the value of the improvements to be decided in the same way as the value of improvements on lands that are resumed. Besides being entitled to payment for water improve ments the 1888 lessees are under section 111 of the Act of 1886, which incorporates the Pastoral Leases Act of 1884, entitled to receive the value of all improvements made by them since November 14,1881. It Is quite certain, as the Commissioner of Crown Lands has stated, that it was | never the intention of Parliament that the squatters should be paid for their labor in sinking valueleac wells. Nor was it ever recognised that the basis of the valuation of wells containing water should be taken to be the increased value which anch improvements may confer upon the adjoining country. No one ever anticipated that more than the actual cost would be demanded, and in j payments for water improvements made by the Government In the past the prin ciple of assessment which Ministers now j ask the House to establish by positive legislation has always been put la opera tion, and uncomplainingly accepted. The meaning of an Act of Parliament is of course not to be interpreted by what was said in Parliament when the Bill was under discussion. Judges do not travel outside the four corners of an Act to ascertain its meaning, but when it Is desired to find out what were the inten tions of the Parliament which passed that Act reference to the debates will generally be found instructive. When the proposals to make concessions to the squatters were under discussion in 18G7, the Hon. J. Colton moved to strike out the proviso to clause 17 of the Bill for allowing compensation to lessees for wells sunk during the last seven years of their term. He took the view that, con sidering the liberal concessions made to the lessees, all improvements at the expiry of the leases should revert to the Crown, In opposing that view Air. A. Stow used this argument among others— " The runs were of no use until water was found on them. The lessee might sink several wells, and find only one worth anything, and for that an allow ance was made." Mr. Neales observed that "compensation should be allowed for wella. for it was well known that on an average persons sank five wells and found one good one." Other members used the same argument as a reason why when the lessee discovered water he should receive compensation. The fact that he r**" so much risk of expending money fruitlessly was actually made the excuse for rewarding him for his successful labor. If there is any doubt as to the meaning of past legislation as it would be interpreted by a court of law, there is none In the minds of the public or of the Government, nor was any suggested by the pastoral lessees themselves up to with in a comparatively recent period. The Bill, besides setting this question at rest, pro vides that no machinery or appliances for ! xaising or dfswbnting water attached to any well shall be included In the valaa tdos, and contains some other provisions which may be more conveniently dealt with when the measure comes oa for its second reading. The Earl and Countess of Carnarvon arrived from Melbourne on Tuesday by tbe express train. The distinguished visitors were met at the railway-station by Captain Mecham (aide-de-camp to his Excellency the Governor), Sir Herbert Sandford (British commissioner to the Adelaide Exhibi tion}, Bir Henry Ayers (President of the Legislative Council), Sir. J. W. Downer and Mr. J. O. Nield, M.L.A. (executive com missioner for New South Wales at the Ade laide Exhibition), and were at once driven to Government House. Daring tbe afternoon lord and Lady Carnarvon visited tbe Exhibi bition, and in the evening they attended a private dinner party given by his Excellency. Today the visitors will be present at the Exhibi tion, on the occasion of the distribution of awards by his Excellency. Parliament is to be prorogued next week, and a special session will be summoned for the following week for the purpose of again deal ing with the Taxation Act Amendment Bill. It was at first intended to have the proroga tion this week, but as the Pastoral Lessee Bill cannot under any circumstances reach the Legislative Council till Friday, it ia felt that the members of that chamber will require at least two or three days in which to consider the measure. Therefore in all probability the prorogation will take place on Thursday or Friday next week, and both Houses will be again called together on the following Tues day. When the Treasurer announced in the Assembly on Tuesday the fact that there would be an extra session there was no excite ment manifested, and those members who spoke on the Bubject expressed approval of the proposed action of the Government. The Appropriation Bill wab carried through all its stages by the House. The Treasurer, urged on by the Hon. J. C. Bray, gave what might almost be regarded as a supplementary budget speech, in which he showed that owing to the action of the other chamber there will at the end of the year be a deficiency of £10,000 irrespective of £30,000 which will have to be recouped to tbe -Northern Territory. Toe Treasury Bills Bill had a triumphant passage though the House, and will be introduced into the Legislative Council to day. The amend ments made by the Legislative Council in the Foul Brood Among Bees Bill were agreed to. The Minister of Education made a gallant attempt to get tbe Instituted Bill through com mittee, bat bis efforts resulted in failure. Hon. members ?waned to have discovered all at once that tbe measure was one of such importance as to necessitate aniflfl*i^T|^nt<| being moved to every clause. At times the proceedings threatened almost to become f?.iw^a.l, and the Government were at length urged not to at tempt to carry the Bill, as there was very little possibility of its being passed through the Upper House. Matters ware brought to a climax by Mr. Holder moving that progress should be reported. This was declared earned, and tbe Minister of Education promptly called for a division. It was agreed^ however, that the motion should be put again, and it having been negatived tbe Government decided to re port ptogioas, which was done, the committee obtaining leave to ait again to-day. Toesecand reading of tbe Life Assurance Companies Act Amendment Bui was carried, and the measure wastakenthroughcommittee,withamendmeot?. The report of tbe committee wiQ be considered to-day. As was generally expected, tbe President of tbe Legislative Oouncil on Tuesday ruled that the motion of the Chief Secretary to rewind i the resolution of the House that tbe Taxation Aft AwngtuitwitKH ahnmH tw iwH m^ ?p?nWw hence, could not be pott and tbe Chief Secre- ! tary intimated that ottre means would be taken to bring about the object desired. This, we believe, will consist in holding a short special session. The Hon. R. C. Baker, in bis desire to show that further taxa tion is not necessary, moved for estimates of revenue from the Customs and rail ways, and upon that urged by inference that tbe Bill which had been rejected ought not to be revived. On ti>e other band the Chief Secre tary contended that if tbe Bill wen earned there would only be an estimated surplus of £18,000 on the year's tnaaaetiaaa, and if it were not agreed to there would be ? farther addition to tbe deficit, a thing which the Government wen anxious to avoid. Toe notion wa* carried. The second reading of the Crown Lands Bill waa moved by the Chief Secretary, and tbe debate was adjourned until to-day, whilst the discussion on the Angle Pole Bailway Bill was farther continued and adjourned. An aftwmr* waa made by the Hon. Mr. Bright to get titeFonJbrood among Bees Bui recommitted, in order to get the Latin name of tbe disease substituted for the common one, but be waa unsuccessful. The Local Gouts Appeal* Amend iceot Bill was read a second tune and tulnm through all its stages without discussion, and the examiners' report on tbe Fort Adelaide Canal Company's BUI was adopted. Some particulars respecting the cost of the construction of a loopline from Terowie to layer's Comer are given in a return which tbe Commissioner of Public Works laid oa the table of the House of Assembly on Tuesday afternoon. The Engineer-in-Chief fntimatra that a coat of oonstracting a loopline on the 8 feet 6 inch g?oge would be £49.000. or £3,264 per mile. Tbe estimated revenue from tbis line is £9,000. The estimated work ing expenses are £4,680 —the cost of running three trams per day each way. The estimated saving to be realised by avoiding ! tbe steep grades of the Gumbowie Banges on i both sidae of Petersburg, and by decreasing tbe distance between Terowie and Coekburn by miles would be—By avoiding tbe steepgrades of Gsmbowie Banges. £936; decreasing distance by 34 milea, ££.964 ; total, £3,900. The pro portion of the traffic on the Gockbum line at present which connects with the Terowie and Port Pine lines respectively will be—Connect ing with Terowie, 31,316 passengers; tons of g00d5,56,620. Port Pine, 1*152 passengers; tons of goods, 20,672. The estimated loss to tbe rail way revenue from the reduced distance be tween Coekburn and Terowie upon which passenger fares and traffic rates could be charged, and generally from tbe competition of tbe proposed loopline with the line via Peters burg already constructed and in aw will be £5,700, owing- to theredaced mileage. The following is extracted from the report of tbe Parliament Buildings Committee, which was laid on the table of both Homes on Tuesday:—"Tbe question of lighting the chamber and offices has alao some under tie consideration of your committee, but it has been found very ?<iffiffilt to obtain sufficiently reliable and satisfactory data upon which to decide so important a —?-*tcr. 'Soar committee have therefore resolved to provide for tbe use of gas in tbe first instance, more especially as it would be prudent in any case to make suoh provision as an auxiliary to any other light, Having regard, however, to the many great advantages appertaining to the use of the electric light, it has been thought advisable to have the pipes laid throughout the principal rooms forconductingthe necessary wires, should that light be adopted at any future time. The style of architecture adopted renders it im perative that stones of considerable dimensions should be used in the construction, and many of those in the columns and entablature weigh from three to five tons each. The operations of (he contractors have been materially re tarded by tbe difficulty experienced in obtain ing blocks of marble of such magnitude, bat nevertheless your committee can testify to the i satisfactory progress made on the works doring the last eighteen months. As soon as all the i marble is ready for rJ??Tig in position, the exterior of the building will be speedily finished, and it ia highly probable that the chamber will be ready for occupation before the dose of the session next ensuing." The following team will represent the Par liament in the cricket match against the Press next week:—Hon. C. C. Kingston (Attorney- General), Hon. R. C. Baker, Messrs. Mattin- Boa (oaptain). Gould, Glynn, Horn, E. W. I Hawker, McDonald, Gilbert, Castine, and j Mn^ii^cw. The proas team will be constituted i as follows:—Messrs. W. B, Carr (Rcgitter), A, , T. Chandler (Adverttier), H. O. Evans (Adver- | tiur), J. H. Finlayson (Beguter), T. Harry {Advertiser}, S, X. Hocking {Advertiser), M. Meyrick {Advertittr), S. H. Moody (fiaritter). W. J. Sowden (Skitter). G. Stevens (Adver tiser), and G. Thompson {Beguter), Last night Sir Thomas Elder was in the same condition as on Monday, bis medical advisers considering him out of danger. Oar Bcnmark correspondent writes under date November 86:— MTnere was a disappoint ment again for us last Sunday, as we expected Mr. Chaffey down by the Gem, and aa we bad heard tint his mooh- looked-for license had arrived at last we naturally concluded that there would soon be ajgna of the work starting, I now bearthat Mr. Chaffey will not be down till Sunday fortnight, Mn. Chaffey has lately gone ap to stay at MUdura. Some more build ings are being erected, including atemperaaae hotel for the accommodation of visitors. We had a nice change in the weather on Friday, when a few showers fell between 4.30 and 7.30 p.m. The change was very much needed, as the night before [hardly any one in the town- ! ship was able to sleep on aoooont of the moa- < quitoes and beat." Complainta have marnml us that for some time past a most cowardly and dangerous prao tioe haa been indulged in by some half-grown larrikins on the banks of the Toneiu Lake, It appears that when oarsmen get np in the viouiity of the Frome-bridge the larrikins knock off large pieces of earth or boulders from the high bank there, and these either fall dose to or into the boats, putting the occupants in danger of being etanittd or drowned. On Monday a heavy boulder WM thrown down at one gentleman, who narrowly escaped being struck on the bead, whilst the Btone smashed the ekifi. Oar informant states that the matter has been represented to the water police, but with* out any effect so far as preserving Che lake for the peaceful enjoyment of the citizens is concerned. A deputation, consisting' of the execotira committee of the District Councils' Association —Messrs. G. F. Gleland (president), W. Mar chant {Wee-president), J. D. Woods (secre tary), A. J. Bat* (treasurer)-and W. Haines, waited on tbe Treasurer (Hon. T. Playf ord) on Tuesday morning to ask that certain amend ments made by the Legislative Council in tite Local Government Bill might not be agreed to by tbe Government. They objected to clause 76, which gave a tenant power to vote even if he had not paid his rates, and also to both owner and occupier being allowed to vote tt all elections, -as the owner when not occupy ing the place should vote only on financial questions. Clause 127, which made it necas tary to pay sums of £6 into the bank, should also be amended, by increasing tbe sum to £20. In clause 132 the amount of tax on vacant land* had been decreased from 5 per cent, to 2J par cent, and this they decidedly objected to, considering 6 per cant, low enough. The regu lation Hat £1 should be spent on sealing each contract was also very detrimental to the in terests of the councils, and should be struck out. The Treasurer, in reply, promised to endeavor to get the suggested alterations made. On Tuesday morning Mr. Joseph Fisher re ceived a cablegram from London annonncinz tbe death of Mr. John fiidley, the inventor of the stripping machine. The deceased gentle man, wno was born in the county of Durham on May 26,1806^ was descended from a family of farmers. He arrived in the colony about 1842, and established steam flourmiUs at Hind mar?h, where he resided with his family. By the {starting of his floor mills the question of bow to grind the corn of the first harvest was settled. Bat he had not long been in the colony before he showed that be intended to make the talents he possessed in regard to mechanism of service to the public. The results of hu efforts are to-day visible on nearly every farm in the colonies oa which wheat is grown in tbe shape of the well-known stripper. Through this con trivance his name is widely known, and it may be classed as one of the most useful inven tions of modern *?m*?, The idea tiripitnlbnH from the primitive reaper used by the itnaftnt Gauls on their wheat crops, and it is strange to reflect that only of late yean has the con trivance used some 2,000 years ago on the plains of Gaul been in any way improved. On the farm to which Mr. Eilley brought the stripper it was a great rnioaorm, and improve ments which have been added since make it a perfect machine. Attempts have been made to divert the honor due to Mr. fiidley to another source, but* without entering into any controversy on the subject, it may be said that the credit, without doubt, belongs to the lately deceased gentleman. In February, 185% the Agricultural and Horticultural Society presented at its annual dinner an address of thanks to Mr. Bidley for his reaper, which he r?eeented to the country. Oa February 10,185% the thanks of the Corpora tion of Adelaide, engrossed on r?r*"~nnt and sealed with the city seal, were accorded to him, and in the "Hansard of 1858 then is so account of the thanks of both Houses of Par liament being presented to him for his useful and labor-saving invention. After a residence of about 13 years in the colony Mr. Ridley, accompanied by his wife and two daughters, returned to the old country. Mrs. Bidley died three years ago. Mr. Bidley, who was 61 yean of age at the time of his death, has lately resided at Hampatead, near London. For several days past rnmors have been flying abontconoeminga gfaostsaid to have been eeenat tbe Exhibition, and as usual in reports of tins kind the Hr?"" have been exceedingly varied in character. The red facts of the case, how ever, go to show tint ? practical joke waa played on a constable. It appears that * few nights ago one of tbe conntahins on duty in the machinery ball while engaged going his mi^pieltt round was suddenly startled by ??—?*"g a, weird voice, apparently emanating from some one in due tiiiiliiwii. crying out, "Give me my leg} give me my leg." This was followed at intervals by deep moans, which gradually grew weaker in force, and eventaaQy died away altogetber. The con stable felt Bare the cries came from someone who bad met with an aecijent, bat be searched in ""?f"y ff>"—*wf Hw^Bof. *"fl as do fr'MW of anyone could be seen, and aa he found tint the sotmds were strongest in the nemity of the deadhouse at the rear of the machinery fffi*^, be decided that *******}?**?£ snpor natTTrsjl ft*** 111'ihiwT, and hastened from the spot as fast aa Irk legs eonld carry him. The next night approached, *** the nmntartlfl not ?raring to be assailed by queries which be could not satisfy, mentioned the affair of the pTevkms night to one of his comrades, and together they performed the round. Sure enough the rjlood-rgirriihig sounds were again heard, and tin "peelers/* having no special desire to rnaVtr &** acquaintance of one of tbe departed, made themselves as scarce as they conveniently could is as short a time as possible. The affair was soon noised abroad, and Ptharawfaoeecuriuoily gut the better of their superstitions fears visited the vicinity only to experience that nasty ciwwping aonsitii n that people undergo when they instinctively feel that something onasaal and terrible is about late. bushrangen were hung near the t pot years ago. one of whom died in the greatest agony, and there oould be no doubt in the minds of some that tbe "n*^iwrimlatilfl noises were caused by the spirit of this wretched criminal. Others felt sore that the cries came from some party whose corpui had been operated upon by Professor Wation, but one and all voted that there could be no question that the sounds came from some apirit who had crossed the Styx. Just when the fever was at its height the joke was "blown," and it was then seen that topntific and not supernatural forces had been at work. There is in the westers wtiyTf a sew friwi of telephone called tiie Crony telephone, *>m^ it communicates with a ?wi^n building immediately to the east of the machinery hall. When spoken into at one end it magnifies the voice at the other to a wonder ful extent. Now some one connected with the Exhibition, having ***** lyp^iw pro perties of this telephone, hit oa the idea of working np a good practical joke out of it, and hence the ghost story aader notice, it is almost a pfy that the cause was discovered so soon, as believers in the supernatural might have been provided with pantilnm for several weeks to come. Messrs. E. Gadick ft Son, architects, have received a premium of £75for(heiroompetitivB design of anew Wesleyan diurehat Brisbane. There was another crowded attendance ait Gamer's Booms on Tuesday evening to witness the wonderful performances of the automaton Ali, which were received with, hearty applause. The entertainment by Hudson's Surprise Party evoked frequent laughter and toe approbation of all who ware present. A subscription-list in aid of Mr. Phil Day. tbe well-known actor, has been opened in A?ViMifai by Mrs. *n?~— Kennedy, who ia staying at the South Australian Club Hotel. The list, showing that about £350 has been collected in the colonies so far, may be in spected at this office to-day. Mrs. Kennedy returns to Melbourne to-morrow. Mr. E. H. Derrington delivered a lecture oa "Mesmerism at the Lecture Hall, Parade, Norwood, in connection with the Norwood Voong Men's Club, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance of men: bars and friends, and Mr. J. H. Wright pfewfad. Me Derrington treated the subject in an ex haustive rtifn""**, and was lintrwind to with interest throughout the evening. A strawberry fete in aid of the DayNarsery in King William-street waa held on the grounds of Mrs. W. E. Longbattom, Ward street, North Adelaide, at Monday afternoon. There was a huge attendance, and the proceeds from various sources amoonted to about £40l The fete was a great success, and the result was tnost satisfactory to tin committee of tfaa nursery. On Monday Mr. G, F. Hopkins, M.P.. a fiaTiitirtate f<a tlM^n<^inat - ili<wftiiiaioialtfj r waited upon the Treasurer (Hon. T. Playf ord) and re quested that fthe men engaged at the Government Dockyard in the district might be allowed an opportunity to record their votes at the municipal elec tion on December 1. The Treasurer pro mised to make enquiries, and sinoe then an arrangement has tmnn ""v^** by which the hands will be able to exercise their votes. A little girl named Lillian Horton, tbe daughter of Biz; Win. Horton, of Payneham toacL Stepney, met with an extremely painful death on Tuesday morning. It appears that Mrs. Horton was ffl in bed, and the ohM went to the kitchen in her nightdress and was pro ceeding to take the kettle off the fire when by some means her nightdress caoght atight, and before her mother, attracted by theories of the unfortunate giri, oould get on tbe scene she was wrapped ia flames, whkh MnuHortoat back. Dr? O^Oaoneuvas telephoned for, awl arrived in half aa hour, not eonld sender oo> material assistance, the girl dying at 5 o'clock intheevening. An inquest wfll be held this) Bnomfajg. Last tire son several hundred scholars of the) State schools of the city and suburbs learnt to awimander the direction of Mr. Qhas. Bastard, the lessee of the city baths, and this snwnwr it is confidently expected that an even largee number will become efficient in tbis useful art Mr. Bastard has received permianon from the Minister of Bducation (Hon. J.C. F. Jobs ton) to address the scholars of the State schools on the uuportaaoa of the natatory art and the best means of acquiring; it, with * view to forming 1-Hiw.rr On Tuesday after- noon the fiat of then lectures was delivered before tits pupils of the Grote- street school. Mr. Bastard treated his subject in an able ?ad interesting manner, and was frequently applauded. He will lecture at the various outer schools in due course. She monthly meeting of the committee of the Home for Incurables was held at the Church Office on Thursday, November 24, Dr. ? Wylde in the chair. A warrant for expenses sanmmting to £121 16a. lOd. was passed for {payment. live applications for admission ?rate granted. It was decided, owing to the very unsatisfactory nature of some of the testi monials of character received, to have in future a printed form of questions to be answered and duly signed. A vote of thanks was passed to all those who had rendered help as the strawberry fete at the home, especial mention being made of Mr. Niohous, of Handle- street, who gave a large portion of his ?>erM?B?> attention, Mr. Weiman, of Port Ade laide, Mr. W. Bogers. and the two bands. It was reported that the Tennessee Variety !Eroupe would give an entertainment in aid of the home on December 9 at the ColeyTown Ball. Paradoxical as it may seem (nays the European Mail), the latest thing for which dynamite has been employed is not the blowing up of buildings, but. on the contrary, the laying of their foundations. This new develop ment is due to M. Bonnetond, a French engi neer. When a foundation has to be laid in wet ground he bores a hole from 10 to 12 feet deep sod an inch and a half wide. Into this hole be passes a string of dynamite cartridges, which are then exploded. Not only is a cavity of a yard wide produced by the explosion, but the expansive foroe of the dynamite drives the water out far beyond the sides of this cavity, and it does not return again for more than balf an hour. In the meantime the workmen clear the cavity and introduce quickly-Betting concrete, so that when the water returns again it cannot injure the foundation. The method las been put into practice during the building of an eneeixte at Lyons, and a rapid rate of working is said to have been attained thereby. Acd?versssionewnibeheldat the Born Park Con gregational Gboroh this evening. AmeednfOf she Mid-Alma Gold JGnfaff Oompwy Win be held at Cagle Chambers at noon to-2a^. 4\. muting of the Sooth Auttnliin Ostrich Oom (any will be held as Eagle Ghambea this morning. & trial o? the automatic fin erttngataherand irriga tion fan win take ptaoe this afternoon on the Botunda lawn. A meeting of the Bud-in-HandjGold Mining Own fuywillfae held at the Exchange Aitttutlon-room A fnwting of shareholders in Dtmgey. Balph, aad Co. will be held at the comptnys office, Hurtle eqnare, this morning. 