CURLEW LADIES´ NIGHT. · The Curlew Club wound up the season with a Ladies´ Night and, as usuall, put a good programme before their fair patrons. There was a very large atten- dance notwithstanding the uncertain weather and the large hall of the Athe- naeum could not have accommodated many more. The club can congratulate itself on having closed the year in a thoroughly successful manner, and with having gained immensely during the past season in popularity. The pro- grammes have been sustained at a very high level of excellence in a truly sur- prising manner, and amongst the mem- bers can now be counted many of the most talented amateurs in Melbourne. Support is drawn from all sections of the community, and the rooms on the monthly smoke nights are becoming rallying grounds for all the prominent identities of Fitzroy. The Club is now a solid social institution and the com- mittee and officers are to be congratu- lated that their efforts have not only kept the club together, but extended its influence, improved its status, increased its popularity and added to its worthi- ness of support. It may may now fairly and justly claim to be the premier club of its kind in or around the metro- polis and its smoke nights and concerts are much more liberally patronised than those of older and more pretentious bodies, whilst there is every prospect of even greater prosperity. The past year has been a very heavy one owing to the absence of local accommodation and the necessity of engaging the Athenaeum hall. This together with its incidental expenses has been a heavy drain on the club´s finances, depending as it has this year entirely on the subscriptions of members. Even in this respect, how- ever, the club occupies a very healthy and satisfactory position. The pro- gramme on Thursday evening was com- menced by the orchestra which has recently been reconstructed and enlarged. The opening number, “ Caliph of Bag- dad ” was played in such excellent style as showed that the reconstruction had been beneficial, and Mr. Kraetzer deserves the thanks of the club for having added so materially to their means of enjoy- ment by establishing the orchestra. Mr. M. Josephson sang the “ Death of Nelson ” very agreeably and was liber- ally applauded, the cornet obligato being supplied by Mr. L. Cober. Mr. G. H. Sutton recited Mickey Free´s well known “ Ghost Story, ” and succeeded in putting his hearers in thorough good humor. Mr. A. J. Pallett secured an undeniable encore for Ganz´s pretty song, “ I seek for thee in every flower, ” and had to repeat the final verse. Then followed the Quartette Party with “ When Evening Twilight, ” and the “ Wine Galop. ” The first of these was a very pretty piece, full of exquisite harmony, and was splendidly sung. The Wine Galop is a bright tripping measure that is generally appreciated. Mr. P. C. Josephs sang Watson´s fine song “ The King´s Champion, ” and met with hearty applause. Mr. J Rowan´s sympathetic tenor voice was heard to great advantage in “ No, nevermore, ” which he sang very ex- pressively and to the evident gratifica- tion of the audience. After an interval of ten minutes, the orchestra again led off, Herman´s “ La Couronne d` Or ” being the piece on the programme, and again full justice was done to the piece. Mr. Warnecke conducted both the orchestral numbers in his accus- tomed satisfactory manner. What was without doubt the vocal gem of the evening, followed. Beresford´s “ Vesper Hour ” is a very pretty song under any circumstances, but on this occasion it was specially arranged by Mr. S. P. Needham, so as to give the Quartette Party an opportunity of sup- porting their leader, Mr. A. J. Pallett, and of adding to the richness of the general effect. The solo was sung by Mr. Pallett in a charming manner, and the audience insisted on a repetition. “ Christmas Day in a Workhouse, ” as recited by Mr. A. Coppin, secured an encore, which was responded to. Mr. T. E. Jones substi- tuted “ The Heart Bowed Down ” for “ The Slave, ” owing to an accident to the music of the latter piece. He sang it magnificently and was loudly applauded, to which he replied by repeating the last verse. His rich and finely developed voice had full scope in this song, and he quite sustained his reputation as an accomplished singer. The Quartette Party were even more successful in their final numbers than before. The first, a melodious composition by Mr. S. P. Needham, showed that gentleman to be possessed of a complete knowledge of vocal effect, and greatly pleased the audience. The second was Schafer´s pretty disance song, “ Come Away, ” the solo of which was taken by Mr. A. J. Pallett so well that it had to be repeated. The Club is to be congratulated on securing this gentleman´s services as conductor of the Quartette Party. His contributions to the programme on this occasion were of the most valuable and attractive character, and materially contributed to the evening´s success and enjoyableness. The Quartette Party, too, since his appointment has been strengthened, and gives evidence that he is entering on his duties with a hearty intention to thoroughly satisfy the members, and to render the Quartette even a greater attraction than in the past. We trust that his efforts will be in every respect success- ful. Owing to unavoidable causes, Mr. Altman, who was programmed for the pretty song, “ The Garonne, ” was unable to be present. Mr A. Kraetner contributed a selection of airs from La Sonambula, on the violin, in a masterly manner, and was heartily applauded. An entirely successful programme was brought to a con- clusion by Mr. W. Elder, with a comic recitation, “ Goot looking Schnow, ” a parody on “ Beautiful Snow. ” He was encored, as usual, and the audience departed in the best of humors. 