Humour. Though the telephone has superseded the telegraph to a certain extent, yet the ave rage woman still continues to faint away upon the receipt of a telegram. Why did the Highlanders do more exe cution at Tel-el-Kebir than the 5th Rifles? Because each Highlander had one kilt (killed) before the rifles began. The way that a woman lately identified her stolen parrot was by bringing her husband into court and scolding him. The bird soon called out, " Oh, 1 wish you were dead, old woman i" A boyish novice in smoking turned deadly pale, and threw away his cigar. Said "he, " Thar's somethin' in that air I cigar that's made me sick." "I know what it is," said his companion, pulling1 away. "What?" "Terbacker!" j " Your father tells me, Tom, that you | are taking soft courses this year. What are they ?" " Well, you see, mother, it's , a term borrowed from the turf. A soft course is a heavy course, and a heavy course is a hard course. See ?'5 A good story is told of a couple of farmers who lived a few miles apart. One day the one called on the other, happen ing to come at dinner time. The person called upon was a rather penurious old fellow. He was seated at the table en joying his dinner. The visitor drew up to the fire, looking very wistfully toward the table, expecting the old farmer to ask him to dine. " What's the news over your way, neighbour ? (Still eating.) No news over there, eh?" "No I be lieve not." Presently a thought seemed to strike the visitor. " Well, yes, friend, I heard one item worth mentioning." "Ah! what is that?" Neighbour John has a cow that has five calves." " Is that so ? Dear me ! What does the fifth calf do when the others are sucking ?" "Stands and looks on, just as I do, like fool." " Mary put on another plate." "When are you going to settle this bill?" "We've had a settlement al ready." " When ?" " The last time you called." "How so?" "Didn't I then tell you that I meant to settle the bill ?" Yes." " Very well, then ; wasn't that a settle meant ?" The new cook has been strongly recom mended ; but the first three dinners have been something too dreadful, and the mis tress has ventured on a few words. Cook Well, mem, I dare say you think you're right; but wherever I've been cook before, tbey in general found it best to take things I give 'em." A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night before, as he was going home from the tavern. 41 What shape was it ?" asked the doctor. " In the shape of an ass," re plied the man. " Go home," said the doctor, " and keep sober. You were tipsy last night, and frightened at your own shadow I" At a fancy dress ball given in Guernsey recently by the subalterns of an infantry regiment, a lady noted for her originality and wit was brought by chance to the side of one of the chief military autho rities of the place. Said she to Colonel Z. : " May I ask, colonel, what you are !"' " Oh," answered the colonel, who was evidently not in one of his happy moods, " I am nothing. What are you." "Iam next to nothing," was the prompt re joinder. One of the most exasperatingly hu miliating moments in a man's life comes at about 2 a.m., when be gets to his front door and finds that his latchkey is in his other vest. " Shall I give you sixpence ?" " Yes. " Yes, if what ?" " Yes, if you haven't got any more." " Wont you have a plate for that orange, Freddy ?" " No." " No what ?" " No fear." A hardy seaman, who had escaped one of the recent shipwrecks on our coast, was asked by a good lady how he felt when the waves broke over him. He replied, Wet, ma'am ; very wet." A man is known by the company .he keeps away from. Girls, like opportunities, are all the more to you after being embraced. Mr. Litewaite—" You must excuse me if 1 am rather dull. I am rather stupid when I have a headache." MissKeene— j " Dear me! It must be dreadful to have j a headache so much of the time." They were two little children, and they j were painting pictures in their school books. One youngster finished a cow in i blue, and then remembered never to J have seen a blue cow. "Never mind," j encouragingly said the other, " we'll say j the cow is cold." 