VARIETIES. He that never thinks cannever be wise. Kindness is the high tide of thelsoul's nobility. Never fail to. be punctual at the time ap. pomnted. At Vermo, hear Pisino, ten pre-hietoric graves have been discovered. 'In themnwere found three bronze and; nineteen other urns, a situla with a thin embossed bronze co'er, a bronze dish, many bracelets and rings, a ser pentine axe, brooches, pins, '&c.; At Miamisburg, Ohio, thousands of pmplo surround thegraveyrd everynight to witness the antics of. an alleged ghost. The mor, marshal,' revenue collector, and hundrete of prominent people testify to having seet it. Several hundred people, armed with oubs and guns, assaulted the speetre,.whieh p peared to be a, womanin'white. Clubs, aul leta, and shots tore the air in which the mrusty figure floated without disconcerting it inthe least. The' people of thb towsn turned 'ut, and began exhuming, all the bodies in 'the cemetary.to get'. at it., Three have' already been exhumed. EVERY MIAY-BE .HAS A MAY-BE-hOT. 'I shall soon be over the lporch' said a: -Virginian- creeper -that' had- just 'beent plnnted. at the foot of it. "'Yeo'll have to girow faster .than I did then," said ape Jessamine 'from' thd ' other side, "'I ve been two'years getting to this heS ,"Oh, I never loose any' time when orice begin"' :said..tho Creeper. '" Perhaps bpt you forget we are not half throu he spring yet and the. frot nlmay eqme, all i it 'daes, .where vill . Yal. be '_'Where I m I. hope; I shall keep olose to the wall iere, swher e it is warm;, and, the frost won' hnr 'me." And the castiwinds may c es and .nothing.cangrow while; they,are blow g." " Well, I'll ivait till they are over, and lien make uli for lost time. " You had Iette not 'make too sure, said.the Jessamine :" th sun strikes very hot on that side,' and may. e it will scorCh you up, before you've hiad ti eto' talie root." 'May-be." said the Cre or, cheerily from her corner underneath the windowa, 'and may-be- not,"she' ddee to herself ; and the 'morningr breeze comin up the valley caught up the refrain, and s. pered gentlyi "may-bh not,, may-blie o, " It littei tbingt of eomnimu life, There lies the Christian's strife When lie does eonscience make Of every thought and throb within, And words and looks of self and sin Crushes for Jesus' sake.?, -Myqsell What tn igtirspeer e?f ncriptur s ais i t ion. Hiow stunny.starr in Ith hevnvou ss out brightly in the nighti of sorrow and pa, which were unperceived or overlooked In't garish day of our prosperity. How do wee see things lnow with the ey which we only'knew before by the hearing the ear ; which before men had told us, b4 now we ourselves, have. found I Des French. In' all the Master's callings of high honour, One of ten timses we miss ; Because our hearts in their impatient long ings, Fail to pereeive iti bliss. And so we may not choose, tlt Chr.t qp: points« no o 'The work f oili sling i And saitl, "lMy hild, in quietglns atyr patience This service now fulfil". True humanr loneliness is only found in living ipart from God and his work. It has been said that! infinito oceanof hnman woes makes every idle moment ii a Christian's life guilt in the right of God.". - ' I see it now so plainly ;i how there hiaseben a Iand'ovrci Io, thohand of u real and living person, giving tills and ithhlbolding. that, both alike for good; placing me, perlhis?? where I would not, andi'thencshowing mle tliat'it ehd been well; denying me, or else taking away from me, something on which my.heat was too mnuc et, .ud.then giving. me soniethihg .elso'vwhioh;-bectiai' less dr. sired wase safr ; chastenig: mo when I fell away, and often by sharp and painful strokes Winging hie bck' to Himself.-Dr. Veaghin. You stand on the margin of eternal things ; the,imflscsc, ooeen fi pternity t, ·str4'l Ch rltist I thy Gqd drms..nothingldue But'what he gives thee gracoe lod, And nnught as worthy'dothHRe take Save wheat is done for Christ'ldcar'sake '., With such pure tirst, ani semplq'irri,r gTh }wliest'dped Hi smile nlfuy lim. 1B,,, toe~ ~ I. rr ' 