TH- bl YOUxW JbUJLiKfc>. ONE DAY OF MY LIFE. Tr-day is roy birthday, and kind friends cower gifts and congratulations on me. I fmile and laugh with the gayest; yet my heart is full bitrer Borrow and remorse and unavailing regrets. . although to a superficial observer my lot has peemed a bright and fortunate one. there ia one day of my life, of which this reiy day the anniversary, which has cast a dark shadow over all my future, ' and my sonl from ont tbat shadow shall be lifted, ever- It was tny fourteenth birthday, a brightand lovely day in early autumn, and in honour of the occaeion my two favourite friendB, Julian and Emily, were iDvittd to spend the whole day with me. Oh, bow happy we were 1 We bad tea in tbe garden— a Bumptuous repast, to which we did ample justice. Then we rambled about the spacious enclosure, picking fruit and flowers to our hearts' conteu'-. I remember Julia ar.d Emily made a lovely wreath and crowned me with it, declaring I was to be their queen. ' Don't be picking all my frnit and flowers, young ladieB,' said old John the gardener ; but we only langbed at him. Afteiwards, as the evening grew chilly, we entered the house, and sitting round the fire, amneed ourselves first by talking about frieudB, and then telling stories. Gne led ou to am-ther, and at lass we essayed to frighten each other by relating the m0EC gruesome ghost stories we could think of. After a time Julia said suddenly, ' How thoughtfully you look, Katie; I think I frightened yon with that laBt story of mine.' 'Nonsense,' sain I ; ' bur. I have thought of something amusing. Will you and Emily leave the room for five minntes while I hide myself ?' An elfiBh — or rather, I Bhould Bay, a diabolic-1 — idea had entered my heac. for I now firmly believe it waa an inspiration of the evil one. When the two girls had left me, I ex tinguished all the lights, and, drawing up the blinds, let a flood of moonlight into the room. It was a Epacioue apartment, fall of nooks and corners, which threw dark shadows, over a great portion of it. A door opened on the garden, and a large elm tree growing near the house waved its weird-like branches against the window-paue. The room looked uncanny ; the Bhadows aesumed grotesque shapes, and the moon light which Btreamed in at the window, com bined with the light from the fire, made these seem more grotesque. My heart almost failed me, but I was resolved to carry out my idea — it would be such fun, I thought. Selecting a dark corner, where only a few rays of flickering moonlight fell, I laid myself down full length on the floor, and rigidly stretching out my limbs and folding my bands, assumed the appearance of death. I remember I caught a glimmering reflec tion of myself in the mirror opposite, and was half-startled and inclined to relinquish my purpose when I saw it. Ah ! if I had only liBtened to my good angel ; but the hand of Fate was on me, and I was destined to carry out to the bitter end her fell bt-heBt. To add an additional horror to my appear ance, I took two pennies out of my pocket and placed one over each ey e. The five minutes soon prssed, and then I beard Julia and Emily enter tbe room. 'How strange,' they both exclaimed; 'she has put out tbe lights.' ' 1 feel rather frightened,' Eaid Emily, who was the moBt timid ; 1 the room luoks so gloomy.' 'Ob, nonsense,' replied Julia. 'It was very clever of her to put out. the lighr, it will be mote fun to find her. You go and look under the sofas and chairs, while I look into all the corners.' I heard them poking about here and there, and was afraid they wonld stumble over my feet in the dirk. At last Julia exclaimed, 'Ob, look, Emily, there Bhe is; but how strange she looks.' Both girls now Btood over me, and 1 knew somehow they were Etaring at me though my eyes were Bhnt. ' Katie ! Katie !' they cried, ' get up. We have found you ; the game is over ; don't try to frighten us.' Jnlia seized my arm to drag me up, but I (determined to carry ont .my game to the bitter end) let it fall limply out of her grasp. ' Oh, Julia,' said poor Emily, in a faint, heatt-eick voice, ' I am afraid she is dead. And look at her eyes, how dreadful they look.' I could keep my countenance no longer, so springing up with a wild burst of laughter, I caught the terrified girl round the waist, and waltzed round the room with her. Suddenly I felt her form grow heavy and rigid in my grasp, and with a piercing scream of agony, which will echo in my brain to my dying day, the unfortunate girl slid from mv arm and sank to the floor dead. — E. J. T. Roose. 