THE NOVELIST. THE GHOST OF DIMPLETON LANE. A few years ago I was residing in the neighbourhood -of Garryston—a veneiable borough dating its charter of incorporation ifrom the days of Edward II. It is a quaint, sleepy old place, waking up thoroughly but once in the week, on market day, when its .ancient cross is the centre of a busy, picturesque scene, last for two or three Jiours, and then vanishing for another week. Garryston stands at the edge of a broad plain, and is sheltered by low hills, cloven by richly-wooded ravines. From these lowlands and hillsides, the farmers and their wives, their sons and their daughters, come into the little town to market, to gossip over the news of the week, and to hear the last bit of scandal ; for the Garrystonians are neither better nor worse than other folk in their relish for the tit-bits of social life. Going into the town one market-day, at its busiest hour, I came upon an old woman haggling with a man over a basket of butter. The old dame was quite a picture—" all of the olden time "—in bed-gown and petticoat, and coal-scuttle bonnet, out of which looked a pair of keen eyes, set in a face •round and rosy, in spite of her years, and which proclaimed her a daughter of the hills. The sleeved-waistcoat and corduroy dress of the man showed him to be a 'badger'— •one of the middle-men in farm produce, between town and country. The ' badgering ' was evidently getting rather hot as I drew near, for the old lady was saying, in a sharp, angry tone— * No ! I shan's tek fifteen, if I hev to tek my -butter "back. Yar not gooin, to do ma 'out of a penny a pound, as ya dud last week. An a'bonny time I've lied weth owd in on lever sen. I mun hev sixteen or nowt. Soa naw !' Nothing daunted, however, the badger, in •a softening, coaxing tone, repeated his offer. This only added fuel to the fire, and the old dame, angrier than ever, cried out— ' Hen 3'a getten a sowl 1 Wlieerever d'ya think a gooin' to when y? dee 1 If ya doan't inind, Dimpleton gliooast ; 11 get owd on ya. ' Doan't by tryin' that game wi' me, owd lass," said the fellow. " Bigg'st ghooast as •ever walked could nafreeten me. 5 ' Hey, but this is a real ghooast, and 110a mistek,' rejoined the old lady. ' It nearly freeeen'd pooastman out uv his senses, last Thorsda neet, as he wer cumin' fra th' station Aveth letter bags. That's the trewth ! for I lied it fra owd Molly Pinkerton, girt aunt to th' pooastman, this varra mornin', as I coom ima t' market. Soa naw !' This aroused tlie dealer's curiosity, and, •at his request, the old dame, forgetting both her wroth and her butter, told him the story as she liak heard it from old Molly. It seem that, as the postman was coming from the railway station with the mail-bags late on the previous Thursday evening, as usual, just past Dimpleton House he was " startled by a neisein the hedge, and, on \- looking round, was horrified to see a white iigure etep out in the road, walk slowly a cross, disappear through the opposite liedge. Letting fall his bags in his fright, he rush ed back to the railway station, and, when he . co.uld get his breath, told the master what he ' Lad seen. The latter pooh-poohed the story but, backed by his white face and scared look, the carrier finally prevailed upon him Jlo accompany him to the scene of the appari tion. • The ghost, however, did not deign to make -second appearance that night, so the trembling postman gathered up his bags one of which, by-the-by, had broken opsn in .its fall—and ur.der escort of the station master made his way to the office. This was the ghost's first appearance, but by no means the last. It was the main tall for.several market days. 'Hen ya sintli .ghooast yet V became the common greeting <of the country side. There were some, however, who laughed at the whole thing as a hoax or a delusion They said the postman had had a glass too much, and had transformed in his fancy a poor whitecalf -into a ghost ; or else he had invented the whole thing to account for the bursting of one of the letter bags and the scattering of its contents. One of the strange things about it was, that no two descriptions of the ghost, as seen by different persons, were alike. It seemed to assume a different from at every appearance. One belated farmer, driving along the lane, was made aware of tlie ghostly presence by his horse suddenly standing stock-still, and no amount of whipping could urge him forward. He said the glost looted to him like an old woman in a long cloak, with the hood drawn tightly over her head and round her face, and with a market basket on her arm. There was a strange light, however, flying about her face and streaming behind her as she walked. To another the thing had just put on the form of a spectre cat, which made a long streak of light as it ran across the cWk road •md then pass away in a ' flash, leaving a strong smell of brimstone in the air. One night two young men. tilled with potvalour, boasted that they would beard the ghost on its own ground, be it what it might. But when they saw a creature with cloven feet, and horned head, and glowing eyes— so they described it—they took to their heels and left the apparition master of the field. But in spite of these personal testimonies, there wero not wanting some who pronounced it all nonsense—the wild imagining of folks who were either dazed with fear or muddled with drink, or had seen some will-o'-wisp rise from the low, marshy ground close by- Others, however, more ready to believe, upon it as a genuine visitation from the world of spirits—good or evil. The orator of the barpai'lour, who was fairly well up in the folk-lore of the place, accounted for it by the story of a man who had been walled up in one of the towers of an old castle •which stood in ruins not far from the haunted spot. Part of the last remaining tower had -recently fallen, and it was his solemn belief that the spirit of the murdered man had been thus liberated, and was now roaming the fields and lanes in disquietude. And so the talk of the little town circled ound the spectre. (To be Continued) 