. Chaptkii II. On our arrival in London, two days after the great news reached us, we proceeded ; at once to Movley's Hotel, where Douglas bad previously secured apartments. ' It was too late to visit Mr. Clnrke that day so we had a five-o'clock dinner, intending to go to the ' play ;' for as yet no one knew ne in town, it could not appear disrespectful to the memory of unknown Mrs. Lloyd, and I hod never been to the theatre yet, with the fxeeption of a visit to a pantomime years before. I was enthralled by the charm of the drama presented. I scarcely moved my brad till the curtain fell on tlio, first act. Then I looked round tho house, ond' down on the stalls, and was awaro of. a stranger gazing* at rap through an opera-glass. I pointed him out to Douglas,.and asked if he knew him. ia nssnrnrl me ho Hid nnk. ' Then why does ho look so earnestly at us V I asked. ' Douglas smiled and inndo no other answer ; but, bonding forward, he looked sfern nt the stranger. This expression of his displeasure was not, however, effectual. The unknown persisted in gassing up nt our b.-x during every intorvol of the play ; and I was even conscious that ho wns staring; at me when my own eyes were turned to the stage. Tho fact annoyed me and distracted my attention. At length the piny which had greatly moved mo, ended, nnd wo propnred to leave the theatre. ' Were you pleased ?' asked Douglas. 'Delighted!' I replied. 'It was exquisite — siieh charming poetry, too 1' As wo waited for . our carriage to bo called up, I heard somebody close behind us say—. . .,,- ? . ? ; ? 'Lovely! A: perfect fairy ' ijneou !' ?Yes but it was not hor beauty tbnt so at tracted me,1 returned another voice- one singularly melodious; ' I oiuld not take my eyosou'hcr, because she is so Hko nn nppora tKm'that I-f— ' ? ; ;V, . ? ? Mr. Auhton's ciwrago slops tho way !' oriod tlio po ter, and Douglns hurried mo brwnrd ; but I hnd time to cast n swift glnnco back, nnd porcoivo that tlio sponker was/the same person who had so pevsifttontly siardd at inr — n very Inll, rnthor hansoino young man. When we were in tho carriage I asked Douglas if he to had over heard the con versation. He replied in the negative. ' It was my staritisr friend,' I said, eagerly ; ' and he says I am like an apparition. What could he mean ?' ' It musthnvc been to a very rosy nppariton thnt ho .alluded/ replied Douglas,, laughing, ' for you had an unusual bright colour nil the evening.' ' He stared so,' I pouted ; ' he mnde mo colour up1.' ' Aro you sure it was tho starer — ' ogler' tho Spectator would have called him — who spoke of you as a ghost V asked Douglas. ?' Certain : I should know him anywhere. He was n head taller than any onu else in the theatre, I am sure.' ' I thought him very impertinent/ said Douglns, coldly ; and the subject. But I did not cease to think of the strunger whose face had so impressed me. I told iny dear nurse about his staring at mo, nnd what I had heard him say. ' Was it not singular, Nnncy V I said. ' He must hnvn actually seeo. a ghost !' ' Dear, dear!' cried- Nnncy. ' I don't like it at. all, Miss Genie. I hope it bodes no harm.' ' Oh, no 1 What harm culd it do me to be like a ghos: ? But, oh, Nancy, I wish 1 knew him, and could ask him ftliout the np parition nnd how it is like me !' Nancy only shook her head in reply. After breakfast the next morning Douglas went to bis lawyer's, and Nancy nnd' 1 drove to Regent Street to shop. There we dis missed our cab, and were soon busy buying mourning fur poor, unknown Mrs. Lloyd ; but, as no grief could, of course, mingle with our purchases, we grently enjoyed our occupn lion. When it wns' ended, and the parcels bad been ordered to be sent to Morley's, Nancy asked if I would mind walking up nnd down tho street for her to look at the shops. I readily ass'-ntcd, adding — ' We will go up, one street and down the other, ond then I will tnke you to the Soho Bazaar, nursey, ane give you a present.' We walked down the street, taking our time and fnlly enjoying the wonders of the shops, ns new and delightfull to me ns to Nancy. At Inst it became necessary to cross the road — alas, a horrible necessity, for, as we watched tho incessant pnssing of the carriages, our hearts sank at the difficulty of effecting the crossing ! ' What shall we do ? I' cried nt length, in despair. ' If I could only see a cab to take us over ? ' ' Allow me to assist you across,' said a voice beside me. I looked round, startled, nnd beheld the ghost-seer. 1 Permit me. madam/ he said, very respect fully'/ to help you across.' ' Thank you/ I replied, haughtily ; ' I will not trouble yon.' And at that moment luckily I saw and beckoned to an empty cub. It drow up, but I could not prevent the stranger's opening the door nnd closing it when we were inside. ' Where shall I drive V nsked the cabman. ' To the Soho Bazaar/ I replied : and we rove oft. ' What made-you speak so sharp to that gentleman, who^meant to be civil, Miss Genie V asked Nancy, as we went along. ' Dear nurse, it was not civil of him but uncivil, to speak to us. He ought not not to have done so/ 1 said, ' as he did not know us personally.' ' Well, sure/ she observed, 'I thought him very civil-spoken, nnd we luig'ht havo been glad of his help.' ' Dn you know, Nancy, thnt he is my ghost seer ?' I said. ' La, now, that is strange !' she exclaimed. ' Why, he's quite a giant !' ' His inches didn't scare away the ghost, it seems/ I laughed. At the Soho Bazaar I bought Nancy a charming work-basket and a small pnroquet in n cage, nnd in great spirits we returned tu the hotel at half-past one. Douglus came in a few minutes afterwards. ' Well,' I asked, ' what has the lawyer told you V ' Not much moro than be wrote/ he replied. ' We shall bo very rich, apparently ; Plas Aladocisa very fine plnce, though old and — imagine. Genie — haunted !' ' Oh, dear me, Douglas I I sha'n'l dare to live there!' ' Nonsense, Genie. You surely don't be lieve, sntli nonscuso !' * * ' But I do indeed, Douglns,' I replied. ' 1 am sorry to hear thnt you nr'e'so super stitious/ he remarked. By-tlie-by, talking of ghosts, J snw your last-night friend at Mr. Clarke's office.' ' How could that be, unlesss he is a ghost himself ?' I said. ' For we met him in Re gent Street.' 'He probably went there directly afterwards. I asked Mr. Clarke what was his namo, and behold another romantic incident, Imogen. He is the Mr. TressiHan who takes Plas Madoc from us if I ever feel tempted to turn out Miss Wynn. It seems Mrs. Lloyd has left him a nice little property in the neighbour hood of Plas Madoc, from which, he can note our proceedings.' ' Oh, Douglas, I exclaimed, ' how extra ordinary ! Do you think that was why he stared at us last night !' ' No/ said Douglas, laughing ; ' it is not possible he could divine thnt two strangers in a private box were tho now owners of Pins Madoc' ' Then I must be like the ghost that he has soon ! I am glad wo shull know him, that I mny ask him about it. Was he also a rela tive of Mrs. Llojds'r' ' Yes ; I hejieve ho was.' ' Well, I slidll question him closoly about the ghost whenever 1 meet him/ I said, now full of interest dad curiosity about tho stranger, ff 'Suppose it should be tho ghost that we have just inherited?' interrogated Douglas, with a smile. ' An ancostress whom I rosomble/ I said, laughing j ' only we are not Lloyds. But Douglas, did Mr. Clarke tell you anything1 ubout the ' inoumbrnnco' ?' ' Yes. Sho is not an old lady, ns I ex-' pucted, but a young girl j atid he says sho looks very wretched. Ho f'unoies Mrs. Lloyd ruled over her rather sovorly in life, and de sired to extend hor dominion over beyond tho grave, for, the poor thing will bo wholly dostituto unless sho complies with the pro vision of tho will,' Oh, how vory snd !' I oxelaimed. 'I nra quite sorry for hor fiito. Wo must both try to ho, very kind to hor, Douglas.' He smiloil assent— the sweet benevolent smile that made his plain face handsome. 'Mr. Clarke thinks vie ought to ga'taour new home as soon as we oan/ Douglas added. ' He says that, if wo write to Miss Wynn, she will have rooms prepared for us.' 'I will write to the poor girl/ I exclaimed. Sho had ceased to be ' an incumbrnnce1 when I knew thnt she was so desolate. ' I think I had bstter write myself/ obg served Douglus; ' it would bo treating her with more consideration. Bosides, then I can give her on encouraging description o the friend she will find in Miss Ashtou.' ' Very well. Tell her I will do my best to make Plas Madoc very pleasant and merry. 