LECTURE ON BURNS. THE Rev. D. Allan delivered a lecture in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute last evening on "Robert Burns." The attendance was better than was antici pated. The lecturer began by giving an outline of the life of Burns. The poet, he said, was born at Alloway, two miles south of Ayr, on the 25th January, 1759, in a clay cottage which, a week after his birth, gave way before a storm, necessitating the mother and child's being carried at midnight into the shelter of a neighbour's dwelling. His father at this time was overseer on a farm. In I766 he took the farm of Mount Oliphant, and removed thither with his family. On this farm he was unsuccessful, as, indeed, he was in every venture of his life. He died in 1784, aged 63 years, weary enough with his long struggle with poverty and un genial soils. Burns'parent',, though poor, managed to give their c'hildren a fair education. The poet remained at school till he was Ir years of age, and any edu cation he picked up after that was by his own effort. 'His indirect education, how ever, influenced him more than that re ceived at school. From his father he received a superior mental vigour, with a tendency to hypochond ria. From his mother, who was a chee rful spirit, with a memory stored with son; ,s and ballads, he inherited his lyrical gift,, his wit, and his mirth. In the family alsar there lived an old woman named Betty r iavidson, who had the largest collection in the country of tales and songs concen ring devils, ghosts, and fairies,'to the reci' cal of which Robert gave an attentive ear, thus unconsciously expanding his imagi .nation and laying up material for h is future literary work.; The books hr : procured provided him with a .rather substantial "bill of fare " 'i'the way of' reading. They were such as Derham's Physics and Astro theology, Ray's Wisdom of God in the Creation, Taylor's Scripture Doctrine of Original Sin, &c.;, beside a History of Hannibal and Sir WVilliam Wallace -3Burns through life con:inued a greedy student of literature. He had acquired the love of habit and study. Next to the Bible he tells us he appreciated Mackenzie's "Man of Feeling." I-IHe started a Bachelors' Debating Club in the village of Tarbolton, and connected himself with the Free masons' Lodue of the same village. Hurns, like his father, was unsuccessful in his business enterprises all through life, whether as farmer or guager. I-si appearance in the literary world was occa sioned by his publishing a volume of his poetry-an expedient he adopted for pro curing the means of going to Jamaica to netter his worldly condition. The ap plause with which the-volumn was greeted led him to abandon the idea of going to Jamaica, and led him to Edinburgh, where he instantly became the lion of the season. His visit to Edinburgh did him no good. It in a measure corrupted the simplicity of his life-broke down his habits of temperance and assiduous con tented exertion. After a Wveary struggle with hardship and poverty he, on the 21st of July, Is796, aged 37, passed away into that "still country " where the " heaviest laden wayfarer at length lays down his load." The lecturer regarded Burns as a man of intense sympathy,, strong understanding to discern men, yet having a generous faith in them. He was a man of strong passions, intense yet noble character. He was destitute alike of affectation in his literary work and cant in his moral judgments and character. What his mind accomplished it did so under the pressure of severe bodily toil and penury. There was nothing in the poet's circumstances to aid him. He was impelled onward by the .expansive movement of his own irrepres sible soul. This sincerity in his work and character is the outstanding characteristic of both. He had in an eminent degree the poetic insight, a tact evidenced by his aptitude in discerning subjects on every hand and his power to make every sub ject interesting. All his poems were poured forth without premeditation, the longest of them being the work of a single day. His sonr.gs contain genuine poetic feeling and music of the heart. They are, according to Carlyle, by far the best that Britain has yet produced. It is chiefly by his songs that Burns has affected the thoughts and feelings of so many men. His influence justifies the dictum of Fletcher, of Saltoun, his countryman, "I will let anyone have the making of the laws of a country if I may have the mak ing of its ballads and songs." In the course of the evening Mr. James Love sang " My Ain Fireside;" Mrs. Sach, with exquisite taste and feeling, rendered "Afton Water" and "John Anderson, My Jo ;" Mr. Mc Credie gave, with good effect, "Scots Wha Hae; " as did also Mr. Burt " My Love She's But a Lassie Yet." 