TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The interest in the inquiry presided over by Dr. Yocl, into the causes near sad remote of the recent Windsor collision, centres around the Prahran station, and the question of questions is how a- youth of 16 or 17, lit Blackbarne's age, came to be left in clause of the booking-office and the block instru ments while a mere probationer. Mr; Purres, Q.C., who is instructed by the Crown Law department, and represents the public, examines the witnesses, and leaves no necessary qnestiorre unasked, however awk ward the answering of them may be - to the official givuig evidence. Each day some startling facts are brought out. Black burne, who had no previous knowledge of the duties to which he was put, bad not been six days at Prahran before Mr. Gedge, the stationmaster, was required to part with <me of his ordinary staff, which created a vacancy Blackbume bad to fill. The re are no rules prescribing bow probationers shall be taught. Each stationmaster is held re sponsible, under regulations which came into force before the block system was introduced on the suburban railways, for the efficiency of the persons under him; but ^station masters are not themselves taught the work ing of the block instruments, and only know what they "pick up."' Mr. Gedge did not give Blackburne -lessons, bat urns in and out of the ticket-office white ins fellow-clerks were showing him how to do his duties; and in a few days Blackburne knew as much about the instruments as Mr. Gedge did. At South Y&ria; and Windsor, the stations on other side of Prahran, there are signalmen who have nothing else to do but to attend to signalling, but at Prahran the same person sells tickets, sends telegrams, makes book entries, and works the block in struments. Signalmen arc visited by . an inspector once or twice a week, bat ticket clerks are under a different jurisdiction, and when the inspector calls it is only to look at the instruments and the book in which messages relating to trains are recorded. Blackburne was- not called upon by the in spector during his three weeks at Prahran, until after the collision, and his books, on being then examined for the first time, were found to contain incorrect entries, and entries which had been made " the day after the fair," instead of at the moment the mes sages were received. The entries relating to the ill-fated express were put in after the accident Half an hour before the accident Blackburne gave the word for sending a train on to Sooth Yarra without waiting for word from that station stating (bat the linewaa clear—a mistake similar to the one which led to the disaster at Windsor. Mr. Gedge ap peared to be conscious that he was working (be Prahran station with an inadequate staff, but be was deterred by fear of a snubbing— the reasonableness of which fen we shall .not at present discuss—from i ments known to the general ; whose presence he bad never to venture into again of having been; once_ salary. Before theinquekt' will ge t ah insight into the ways of the'Traffic department which trill rather open their eyes. The lad Blackbuepe, when examined at the railway inquest, was, nervous and. heai t&tipg;^and fee : bad no answers' fp give to many of the questions put^upir "not knowing" OT>"iiotjremembering.r ^ilowr apce mustufee spfe for.ene so, youpg pnd inexperienced. tbespectatotesay be istbff•». in. a. ehurpb twiphisti cated, an4 uot;^io*ing «osgh «t to be a smart beo^ng-pigrk, or # jjcaady, witness. But according to Blackburne and his pre ceptor Smith, the practice is to make the entries when convenient—sometimes before the trains arrive, sometimes a good while after, when there ate arrears enough to con stitute "a batch." One day's entries are very much like another's, and the clerks find it Bimpler to copy a whole page full of figures at one operation than to fill the page up line by line. As thus kept, the book is worthless as a check. From ltlackburne's own evidence, it is impossible to say wbether the entry for the express was made (with others) before the accident, or' after i the news of the disaster arrived, be cause he contradicts himself on the point j That was a wily suggestion made to him by Mr. Gedge, at his father's house on the Saturday following the accident, that he Bhould practise with the block-signalling apparatus, so as to be efficient by the time the departmental inquiry was held ; but tbe lad's father, like a judicious man, forbade it, and so both at the inquiry and at the inquest j the correct measure of Blackburne's know-1 ledge could be taken. Porter Webb mentions another fact which has an interesting bear-1 ing on the conduct of the stationmaster. Tbe block book was shown to several persons by Mr. Gedge, who signed their names to testify that they saw the block instrument standing at "on line," which signified that Blackburne had got the message " all clear " for the express ; and Webb's is one of the signatures ; hut at the inquest he said he did not sign the book, though present, nor did be anthoriBe Mr. Gedge to sign for him, neither was there anything to show that " on I line " applied to the express, as it might have j applied to the ordinary train. Mr. Duffy, M.L.A., has written to The Argus, to say that he considers1 the Parnell letter in The Times to be a "shameless and impudent forgery." Still stronger language has been used by Mr. Parnell himself, and on his behalf, in the House of Commons. Mr. Dnffy has arrived at his verdict upon grounds | which are ably and clearly stated; but we, nevertheless, think that it is to be deplored, apart from the political interests involved, that there is not going to be an investigation by Borne competent court, for the published facte and tbe denials are not snfficient to en able a fair man to come to a positive con clusion. Ninety-nine men in every hundred will be driven to decide one way or other, as Mr. Dolly has been, and in a very large num ber of cases the verdict will be different from his. Itisargued that because Mr.Gladstone and other leading English Liberals are-satisfied with Mr. Parnell's denial, there is no occa sion to carry the matter further. A public man, it is said, is sufficiently protected if he has the good opinion of his feiends; the opinion of his opponents and the world in general he can afford to despise. So it might be, if Mr. Parnell were a recluse or a philo sopher dwelling apart from the world; but the leader of a party striving to win public support on the question of Irish legislation requires the good opinion of the community as a whole. Besides, what does Mr. Gladstone's judgment amount to! He does not speak as a judge who has inquired into the whole case, nor have any.facts been put before him which the rest of the world has not seen. Besides, there are ever so many people who do not value Mr. Gladstone's judgments, however emphatically delivered; because his tempera ment is that of an enthusiastic and glowing champion, and not that of a cold, dispas sionate arbitrator; The Times challenges Mr. Parnell to force it into court, where it must either prove its case or stand the conse quences of failure, one of which would be the utter destruction of its influence as a public journal. Mr. Parnell declines on the ground that he w'll not obtain fair play from an.Eng lisb jury. Yetonly the other day there was an | "enormous popular demonstration" in Hyde park against the "Coercion BilL" Mr. Duffy asks why The Times does not give up the name of the person from whom it got the letter. Everyone would be convinced, one way or other, then. Surely every lawyer and man of common sense will tell Mr. Dnffy that The Times could do nothing more foolish at present It would simply be providing a victim for the boycotter, the avenger, and the dynamiter; and when the trial arrived there would be no witness forthcoming. The Times is willing to prove its case before judge and jury, and would have to disclose all its secrete then ; but the challenge is not accepted. Some restraint will have to be put on Mr. Henniker-Heaton, M,P. It is not^air to the Australian colonies that this irrepressible person should be allowed free access to the British Postmaster-General when that high officer of state is making arrangements {at the request of the colonial Governments) f<£ lettingthecjeean mail contracts. ,Mr.,IIen nikw-Heaton wants a penny-postage. Before he went home he showed no symptoms of being " touched" on the question, but he now appears , to have the craze very bad. He has evidently been too often asked Dut to dine with dnkes and marquiseB since be became'member for the ancient city of Canterbury, and the undue notice which has been taken of him has given: him an idea of bis own importance, which would be amusing if it dM 'hot lead him so frequently into' mischief. Is It hot both ridiculous atad annoying to think that the acceptance ofppstal contracts as to which the Australian, Governments have led should he delayed because ah ex Cotehlst ytoiding In London imagines that he better than we do our to force as into reducing #rbm 6d. to id. before! the Australian Governments and the British Postmaster-General, and prevent the business of the colonies from being attended to as they wish. The injudicious Times leader writer who took up Mr. Ilenniker-Hcaton's cause has'much to answer for. The present condition of New Zealand sug gested to Sir Julius Vogel, when delivering his budget speech, the quotation as " Idle as a painted ship upon a painted ocean." The great and small countries of the world " have been becalmed," he says, " for a long while, but at length there are Bigns of favour- j ing breezes. In America, England, and else where, commerce and production are be ginning once more to speed onward, and I cannot think that the movement will stop short of this colony." He submitted a very discouraging statement The principal re venue-producing departments have not only brought in less than lie anticipated, but this year's receipts are less than those of the year before. There has been a heavy decline in the railway income, though the mileage has been increased, and a great falling off in the receipts from customs. Sir Julius Vogel believes—or says he believes—that the spirits and tobacco duties show a decline because the people are becoming more temperate ; but there is no indication that the money they have saved by not drinking so much as formerly has been spent on more enduring comforts, and we fear that the true explanation is that all classes are "too hard up" to lead merry lives. By laying hands on some surplus moneys belonging to the sinking fund—the proceeds of the savings of past years of prosperity and providence—by cutting down expenditure, and by doing a little clever book keeping, Sir Julius Vogel makes it appear that the deficit only amounts to £00,000. He has proposed large changes in the tariff, all intended to be protective, the property-tax drag net is made larger, and the civil servants (who are always accessible) have something more taken off their salaries. The effect of these operations will, Sir Julius Vogel be lieves, be to enable him to close the year with a surplus of £80,000, none of which is to be applied to paying off the deficit, which is to stand over until next session, or until the breeze springs up that is to fill the sails of the becalmed ship. It is very hard to say what ought to be done just now in New Zealand to set tbe finances straight The main thing wanted is a revival of trade ] and industry. The Yanyarrie ghost in South Australia (or whatever it be that does the knocking) is not yet satisfactorily laid ; and the Hamdorfs are indignant with Constable Shegog for saying that the raps came from their spirit-haunted daughter. He put his hands between her hands (or feet, as the case might be) and the box, and so found ont the trick. But other persons have been to the house who were not so incredulous as the policeman, and they report that though they held the girl by the hands and feet there was still knocking (though faint) within the box. They were rather simple to expect that she would go through the old performances after having been found out There is also something in their report about the girl's having twitchinga of the face and like curious movements when asleep in bed; but such things have been observed in children before without the parents requiring to call in "spirits" and " mesmeric influences" to account for them. A prudent mother would send for the doctor or administer some homely medicine. It iB singular how spirits can hear all we say, which shows that they possess ears, but are unable to speak in reply; yet the ear is a far more complex organ than the tongne, con sidered merely as an instrument for producing -vocal sonnds. They have something that corresponds to knuckleB cr toes to knock with, and speak back in raps which signify yes or no; the amount of information they yield depending wholly on the cross examining powers of the questioner. When asked about the winner of the coming Mel bourne Cup or given the opportunity in other j ways of telling something which would be | worth knowing, they either pretend not to; understand or take themselves off. Could a more terrible fate be ordained for those j who have passed into the world of shadows than that of having to go about for ages vainly endeavouring to convey useless information to human beings by means of knocks having ears to hear tire lightest whispers, but no power to answer in return in a rational manner? Tbe people of one's acquaintance who intrude upon one at all hours only to talk, are they hereafter to do duty in the spirit world as peripatetic gossipers, with their old incluuttipp io chatter still strong, but no tongues to speak with? let us hope, for their sake, that, little as,they deserve our pity, a more .merciful .punishment awaits them. And then* though invisible, to be always afraid of doing their knocking in the light, when it. would • be so much more agreeable to listen to them 1. Why havenoteome of them, in their impatience at npt being listened to or believed in, .tried the experiment of eetting up daylight noises? The Hamdorfs, it seems have left their old house, as they, threatened to do,.and taken up their abode .elsewhere, but the change has done no good.■, The knocking follows the little girl. The cause may be their still vkeeping mystery-pro /lacing box, on which she is pat whenever any. curious people visit the family by flight to inquire into tbiB wonderful knocking. ' In fafct, fhpngh they say otherwise, tbeHamdorfe are really unwilling to pert company with the ghost that brings them so much noto riety. A Mr. Foster has .resigned the Attorney. Generaiehip inNew SouthWales beeansefiis Henry Parkes -would not give him theme w fiupreme Court(fudgeeWp j-bud partefl^^-friends."'■■ The ptoitionhios heen tood, would mtaihlhe perma mfent ■ founds hiieWml^#b^4i«hip<m a statement made to him by Sir Henry Parkes at the beginning of the Besaion, when the Ministry were casting about for a candidate for the Speakership. He says he was told by the Premier that if he took the Speakership—an office then very hard to fill he would not lose his chance of a judgeship should one become vacant. Mr. Foster de clined the Speakership, but remembered the ; promise, engraving it on the tablets of his memory. The Premier does not recollect having committed himself so distinctly as Mr. Foster says he did, and when the conversation took place the creation of the new judgeship was not in contemplation. Probably Mr. Foster's memory is to be trusted before the Premier's in regard to such a matter, as he would be sure to keep every word of the conversation in miud, while Sir j Henry Parkes would have no special reason for remembering it—no selfish reason, at any rate. When Mr. Foster claimed the position the Premier adduced several cogent reasons why he should forego his demands. The in-1 convenience his retirement would cause to the Ministry, the probability, almost amount ing to a certainty, that Mr. Justice Faucett I would retire in the course of the year, and so give Mr. Foster his opportunity at a time wben his resignation would notembarrasBhis colleagues, &c.; " At the present time we are in the midst of important and critical public business—about as grave as could engage the attention of Government at any time ; and the entrance into the Cabinet of a new man, who knew nothing of the considerations which led to our conclusions, would be em barrassing. I do not want you to leave ns in any case until the Government is a little older." But Mr. Foster has a host of answers ready"This is the turn ing point of my life." "I don't want to he junior to Stephen." " Human life is uncer tain, as well as that of Ministries—a bird in hand is worth two in the bush." " You can spare me; there are plenty of men gaping to become my successor," &c.; A bird in hand | is worth two in the bush, certainly, but Mr. Foster overlooked the important fact that this bird was in the Premier's hand, not his own, and eagerly as Mr. FoBter might reach out his hand tor the prize, Sir Henry Parkes was entitled to protest that the demand did not come gracefully from the Attorney-General, who had himself induced Parliament to pass the Sixth Jndge Bill. " I do not suppose," wrote the Premier, " that any one of us would say that he took office tour months ago with a view to office being a stepping- Btone to something else more agree able, or more condncive to his personal interests." Reasoning of this kind made no impression on Mr. Foster's ears, becanse he was "satisfied without egotism that no one open to the appointment iB better entitled to it upon any ground, and that no other person can be appointed more to the interests of the community." We admire his modesty. The Rev. W. G. Lawes. of Port Moresby, has written a paper for the Australasian Medical Gazette of Sydney on the climate of New Guinea, which he reports to be very bad for Europeans. "No part of New Guinea that we are acquainted with is free from fever. Inland and on the coast* on high ground and low, on the mainland and on small outlying islauds, there seems no escape from malaria Port Moresby, or, as it is now to be called, Granville, is,] perhaps, as healthy as any place we know, and that is hot saying much. Men have been here in Government employ Bince the proclamation of the protectorate, who have been living for years in North Queensland, and who pooh-poohed the idea of fever, but in a few weeks they have been down with it Working on the best site, and sheltered from the sun, with no swamp or minium near, they have Buccumbed and gone down like nine-pins. Captain Mus grave, the Deputy Commissioner here, is one of the few who have escaped fever ; but then he is away on furlough three monthB in the year—an impossibility to those who come to New Guinea to make a living." There does not appear, from the description given by Mr. Lawes of the disease, to be any essential difference between " New Guinea fever " and that which attacked first-comers in newly-Bettled parts of the coast of tropical Queensland, particularly the Gulf country, which, in the early days of the colony, had a very bad name It is, however, more severe, and the certainty of its getting hold of yon, if yon stay long, is the greater. This is what one would expect, considering that New Guinea has a more humid and hothonse-like climate than tropical Queensland, that the vegetation in the scrubs is ranker, Ac. All tropical climates are bad for the Euro pean, but New Guinea and the New Hebrides seem at present to be rather worse placeB to go to than any of the other islands or groups of islands in Polynesia. Unless gold is dis covered it is unlikely that any considerable settlement of population in New Guinea will take place for many years; and before popu lation does settle it appears certain that the way will havetobe prepared there/as else where! by many pioneers sacrificing their lives ] for the good of those who are to come after.": Mr. Lawes speaks of Warburg's fever tincture, which was brought under ids notice by Mr. H. 0. Forbes,' the explorer, as tin best remedy he has yet tried for New Gulnea fever.;' There may have been nothing wrong in i London management of the Indian » Colonial Exhibition—as a number of <! tinguished noblemen, baronets, knights, a gentlemen hrfve certified—but things m done 'At South Kensington which woi hardly be iolerateA bere. The moat aerit of tire facts brought iolight bythe Fomnt Htk», vrbifeh doeano more than ask for qnity.isuiW'reUtingtothe advertising ct {Mote* .e&Mrpublic; the Colon Exhlbition"bad to be 'well advertised, u | the firm to wbomthecontract was iebi Willing Mid <k>. LlmRed. who were acowx Wttioaeutivikgee, todtiuaranteed epero tageof the "gate-money," which guarantee was, it appears, worth £11,000. To is was right enough. But the complaint ie that they got the contract without tenders being called for. and that the supervision of it was, by its express terms, in the hands of Sir John Somers, the "officialagent" of the commis sioners, and Sir John Somers is shown to be a shareholder in the firm of Willing and Co. Limited. Another official, the secretary's nephew, was alsoa shareholder. Ought con tractors, whether for advertising or otherwise, to be employed in any capacity in the manage ment of the Exhibition ; or at any rate, in seeing to the due fulfilment of their ] own contracts ? Well, we should Bay not. It j is unbusinesslike management. Nobody i alleges that Sir John Somers was lenient to Willing and Co. Limited, neither does any one believe that be was hard upon them ; but, if all departments of every great exhibition were run in the same way, where would they run to? The attacks which are being made on tbe "South Kensington gang" in the] London press, may he unjust and prejudiced; [ yet they could hardly expect to escape criticism j if this is a sample of their ordinary procedure. As to Sir Phillip Cunliffe Owen, whose con sideration for the Australian vignerons ib not likely to be forgotten, the worst thing the | London papers have to say against him is that since he became an exhibition secretary he has received £30,000 in testimonials. This, it may be urged, is the best evidence which could be given of his fitness for exhibition management. He must have pleased a great I many commissioners and exhibitors by his urbane manners, bis attention to their wants, and his general efficiency, to win such sub-1 stantial favour. One wonders whether the 1 secretaryship of exhibitions under Royal patronage would be bo much sought after if testimonials were not allowed to be accepted. Some would go so far as to say that an officer who gets a good salary ought not to take a testimonial from anyone but his employers. The retirement of Dr. Tyndall from the professorship of natural philosophy at the Royal Institution is an event that should not be allowed to pass withont a few words of notice. His 34 years' tenancy of the chair, previously held by Davy and Faraday, has been signalised by many brilliant discoveries and ingenious experiments, but it Is not chiefly by these that Dr. Tyndall's name will always be held in honour. As an original scientific discoverer he cannot be ranked with his two illustrious predecessors, or with one or two of his most distinguished con temporaries in the same department, such as Thomson and Joule, but in his own special line he leaves these far behind. His chief claim to distinction is that he has been a great populariser of scientific truth, an in terpreter to the multitude of the highest and widest results of modern know ledge. Since 1853, when he became professor in tbe Royal Institution, a great change has passed over the public mind with respect to its appreciation of scientific research. A generation ago such knowledge was confined almost entirely to the educated classes, being considered al together above the comprehension of the masses. During the last 30 years, however, tbe spread of education and the startling theories put forward in the name of science have caused a craving for knowledge among the people generally, such as has never before been known. No one has done more to meet this demand than Professor Tyndall, who with his equally distinguished colleague, Professor Huxley, has made the most re condite results of scientific research no longer the property of the learned few, but the common inheritance of all. One consequence of this is to be seen in the change which has come over the style of our scientific writers. Tyndall and Huxley, as well as Darwin and Herbert Spencer, write in a clear flowing style, and with a power of illustrating recondite truths that might be envied by the most accomplished litterateur. They are, in fact, writers of a very high order, and, as a conse quence, they appeal to a very wide circle of readers. Tyndall's Belfast address and Huxley's article on protoplasm were pro bably more widely read and discussed than the most popular novel or poem of the season. In this respect the two Royal Institution prolessors are eminently repre sentative men. They have seen that if science is to make its way among the masses instead of being confined to mere specialists it must discard the jargon of the study and speak out in language that can be understood by the people. Tbe article on " Science and. Pseudo Science "in the Nineteenth.. Century, by Pro fessor Huxley, is a rebuke—pot very gentle to the Duke of Argyll for laying down the law on subjects that are beyond bis' ken. The dnke is an amateur -in science, par ticularly affecting geology. Mt Huxley calls his noble science " pseudo-science." It does not appear to, be deep enough to deserve serious, criticism, and Mr. Huxley would have, bad nothing to say about the duke, or his place in literature as 'the author of the Reign of Law, if his grace bad not unwisely lectured the professor for making a recent sermon the occasion for writing a rather interesting article. Thbe duke is on the side of the orthodox, or,as Mr. Disraeli once said,, when referring to Darwinism, on the side of the angels. ' Mr. Huxley's language is keen and trenchaht, but invariably polite, and he was slightly provoked on being informed by the Duke of Argyll in the *&&&*& Century that he had spoken uncivilly. has never been Mr Huxley's practice to scold, or rail, or call names. A Writer wh6 disbelieves inthe promise of A Sheolti come labours under' the disadvantage ■ of baring ho place of - torment toWbldb be hen consign calling are lncopipal * Wonder," repli r.r HI time profitably; but a very short devotion to this exercise will suffice to convince him that the pursuit of disputation carried to a degree of acrimony and vehemence unsur passed in lay controversies seems to be found quite compatible with the work and calling of a remarkably large number of tbe clergy." " Science and Pseudo-Science " is, however an article mainly concerned with the Duke of Argyle himself, who is subjected to a rather neat cutting-up both for pretending to speak with authority where .he has no quali fication for so doing and for misunderstand ing the words and terms he employs when giving instruction to the world at large. One of the duke's faults is the fault to be per ceived in many divine controversialists who range themselves against the teachings of science properly so called. Not having read those teachings intelligently for themselves —contenting themselves with secondhand ver sions, instead of studying tbe originals—they fall into the fatal error of attributing to men like Huxley and Darwin and Spencer doctrines and propositions these writers have never used, but which it is convenient to imagine they have used, and then they pro ceed with ease and success to point out to what absurd conclusions such doctrines and propositions lead. The Origin of Species has been refuted over and over again in pam phlets and lectures and sermons by preachers who do not possess (not having had the time to acquire it) the knowledge of the facts of physical science which would enable them to appreciate the force of the arguments they engage to combat And it surprises them, though it does not surprise those who have the knowledge they lack, to observe after a time tbat the propositions they refuted or overthrew are making headway, instead of shrivelling up under''scorching investigation." The concluding sentences of Mr. Huxley's article have a sort of farewell tone. The great biologist is growing old. " My career," he says, " is at an end. * I have warmed both hands at the fire of life,' and nothing is ieit me before I depart but to help, or at any rate to abstain from hindering, the younger generation of men of science in doing better service to the cause we have at heart than I have been able to render." The cause of which he speaks is the discovery of truth by fearless research. 