THE JUBILEE SERMON. On Tuesday evening last a very large congregation assembled in Stow Church to hear the Jubilee sermon from Dr. R. W. Dale. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher con ducted the devotional part of the service, in which he was assisted by the Rev. Jas. Hill, F. W. Browne, and G. W. Sharpe. Dr. Dale took his text from Acts xxvi, 22.—" Having obtained help of God 1 continue unto this day." He said these words formed part of Paul's defence before Agrippa. He had at that time been a Christian for 25 years, during which period he had undergone unusual perils and trials. He had. however, held his ground, and held it still. It was not to his own vigor or power that he attributed his constancy, but to divine strength, and on that strength he still relied. In South Australia they were celebrating their Jubilee. They were recalling the memory of the devoted men who had laid the foundations of Congregationalism in this colony. Their trust was in God, and considering the difficulties which the Congregational Churches luid to face and their present resources, they too could say :—" Having obtained help of God we continue unto this day. Thos. Quinton Stow and his co-workers had inherited the traditioLs of English Congregationalism. Their traditions were ours, both before and since 1837. The ocean which rolled between England and Australia had not severed the colonial churches from the conflicts and trials of the English Congregationalists. He wished that night to remind them of their principles aud their common history. For 300 years the descendants of the Elizabethan Congregationalists had endeavoured to realize their glorious ideal of a Christian church, and having obtained help of God, they continued unto this day. He might claim for Congregational Churches au earlier date, but it was in Elizabeth's reign that the true ideal of a Congregational church was first firmly grasped, and since "then Congregational churches founded on definite congregational principles, had always existed in English speaking countries. It was not difficult to draw a parallel between Paul's experience and that of the Congregationalists. Men had hated them, they were regarded as disloyal and unpatriotic, because they would not submit to royal dictation as to the organization and worship of their churches. They had to contend against the conservative' protestants who did not wish to break with Romish practices ; they would not wear ecclesiastical vestments, nor appear before the people as priests, and the struggle was the more bitter because some of those whom they felt obliged to resist were men of undoubted piety. Though the circumstances had greatly changed, some aspects of the struggle still continued. They had today to resist the great force of patriotic feeling which gathered around the national church, established bylaw, whose bishops were appointed by the crown and many of whom held seats amongst the peers. In consequence of this many of their fellow countrymen thought them only half Englishmen. From this element they were in this colony happily free ; they were stunned by no sense of injury ; they were not overshadowed by a national church, and it became them to strive to show the strength and vigor of which Congregational churches were capable uuder these circumstances. In reference to the Romish customs still in vogue in the Anglican Church, these were consecrated by the customs of a 1.000 years. It was hard to break with the past, but they knew that the future of the Christian church belonged to them. He might draw the parallel still closer. faul was persecuted, so were their fathers. They were hung, imprisoned, fined and banished. The persecutions which were intermitted during the commonwealth were renewed under the Stuarts. Only in recent years had they become strong enough in towns to hold their own. In the villages and in country parts it was difficult for dissenting churches of any kind to live. All things had been against them, the pride of National feeling, the influence of birth, of aristocracy, of wealth, and the religious traditions of the country. Good men thought them enemies of Christ and his Gospel, their grievances were unredressed because statesmen did not care to offend their constituents to espouse their cause. Still having obtained help of God they continued unto this day. In Australia they had achieved freedom. How were they using it! The first duty of those to whom the great ideal of Congregationalism had been revealed was to be faithful to the Church to which they belonged, to it they should devote their strength and energies. A Congregational Church consisted of those who had received through Jesus Christ the grace of salvation and eternal life. Faith in Christ was the sole and indispensable condition of membership in the Congregational Church. Knowledge of Christian truth might be defective, character might have many faults, but if a man had faith in Christ, the roots of his life were in Him. He dwelt in Christ, God dwelt in him, he was a : temple of the Holy Ghost, and he was destined to attain to ultimate perfection. A Christian Church was an august Society of Saints, as such they were to think of it; to think of its members as having tiie life of God. They had spoken to God and He had forgiven their sins. They were trying to do His will. The great titles of the Saints were theirs, and theirs were the immortal hopes of the Gospel. They should regard them with affection because they were dear to Christ; one with Him. They should regard them with reverence because of the dignity which was theirs, a dignity in which infinitdly transcended that of noble things for they were akin to God. They should recognize the sacredness of their duties as members of an august society. They should be eager to attend their worship and share their work. They should respect their decisions as those of a society guided by the will of Christ. They should respect their ministers and office-bearers, as those who were elected aud appointed in obedience to the will of God. They should esteem it a singular privilege to contribute to the support of the various organizations of the church, and its evangelistic and missionary agencies. It was not enough to pray in word, prayer to be effectual must be in deed and in generous gifts. The Congregational ideal of a christian church was worth suffering for. There was something in it to stir enthusiasm, and to call forth all that was most generous and noble in character. It was an ideal which required a faith which was bold, and in the estimation of some, audacious. They had no liturgy, no written or stereotyped form of prayer. He had in his earlier days sometimes almost wished for such a form, but he had ceased to do so. He believed that the loftier faith was the truer, and that it was right to rely altogether on divine help and divine light. Let the inspiration come from Heaven, and if not, let it be absent. Though the spoken prayer might be weak and faltering, the people might still be strong in faith, and by their silent intercession might secure for themselves and their minister and others the largest blessings. Another aspect of the boldness of the Congregational ideal was that it was without any central authority. Every little group of Christians stood by itself in absolute independence. Upon them devolved the entire regulation of their affairs; no matter what mistakes they might make, or what divisions might occur, no external authority could step in to put things right. Compared with other ecclesiastical organizations Congregationalism in this respect seemed powerless. The venture was a daring one. The only trustful answer which could be given was in the words of Christ, " Wherever two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." Every church relied upon Christ's presence. He was there as one of the company, and there could be no appeal from a decision which had been arrived at according to His will. This was the boldness and audacity of Congregationalism. Its safe and happy working was impossible unless Christ were present. It might be said that to entrust this power to congregations, many of whose members were ignorant and inexperienced, was likely to result in serious mischief and would tend to break in pieces and destroy the congregations. There was Only one answer to make to this objection. They believed that Christ was amongst them to illuminate them by His spirit, to enable them to grasp the great principles of His teaching, and to do for them what He did for Peter and Paul and John, and the early disciples. He would not yield to despair or unbelief by admitting that it was needful to bring in any external authority to regulate those who were under the control of Jesus Christ. They might be disturbed by quarrels and dissensions; so were the disciples, but when they brought their quarrels to Jesus, he made them sensible of their guilt and inspired them with His own gentleness and meekness. He did the same still for His followers. If a Congregational church forgot Christ; forgot that He was Master and Lord ; that His word was supreme ; that no member had the faintest right to have his own way, but to learn what Christ's way was and to sacrifice everything to that, there would be infinite trouble. But if they were real Christians they would not forget it long, and would return to Christ with penitence and shame. If, however, they persisted in forgetting Christ they would cease to be a Christian church, aud would become a mere human society : a religions club or an irreligious club, with no divine presence or divine grace amongst them, and in that case it was not wonderful if there should be great offences and great miseries. The divine boldness of Congregationalism was the belief that Christ was actually present in their assemblies to guide and control them. Another aspect of the boldness of Congregationalism was that they had no creed, no confession of faith, no tbirty-nine articles to which their ministers must subscribe before they could be allowed to preach. The introduction of doctrinal statements into their trust deeds was a departure from their original polity and it was a mistake which he hoped was not being perpetuated in Australia. In erecting a building for the church, they left the church itself to regulate under Christ the doctrine to be preached. They did not neglect creeds because they had no articles of belief but because they had found Christ the great teacher who could lead them into all truth. They did not believe that Christ had revealed all His truth to their fathers, nor did they believe that He had revealed it all to them. If Christ were dead, if He had forsaken the church, or if His spirit were no longer with them, then it might be wise to draw up a creed to which ministers must subscribe. But lie was not dead He still lived in every group of men assembled in His name, T-o adopt a crped was an acknowledgement that Christ was unable to keep those who were His in His truth. If a church ceased to recognize the presence of Christ, it ceased to be a church. Congregationalists discarded creeds not because they were doubtful about anything, but because they believed that Christ could lead them into all truth. They trusted everything to Him. While He was present everything would go right. If He were absent nothing could prevent every thing from going wrong. This faith in the presence of Christ was to Him the glory of Congregationalism. They staked everything upon that; it was the very root and foundation of their christian life. Let them never forget it. Christ was still alive and still present with His people. His life was revealed in every true church of every century and of every land. In all that is devout in the churches. Christ was continually manifest. His life was revealed in the virtues and sanctities of all the saints. What Christ was, was to be learned not only from the gospels, but from the hero : sm. self-sacrifice, and devotion of his people in all ages. He ever lived as the perpetual fountain of all righteousnes. I* was not their own zeal that inspired the self-denying labours of the Sundav School teacher and the missionary, but the zeal of Christ It was not they that lived, but Christ who lived in them. It was because the Congregational ideal was rooted and grounded in the faith that Christ ever liveth and that His people are one with Him, that he was anxious that Congregational churches wherever founded should realize these great truths which underlie their polity. Christ was still a living presence aud a living power amongst those who met in His name. If they bound themselves in the traditions of their fathers, the future could not be theirs. If they would hold themselves free to receive whatever further light Christ had to give them, the future would be theirs, and theirs the exceeding glory of the power of God. Amen. (Continued on Page 6.) THE CONGREGATIONAL JUBILEE. (Continued from Page 5.) CONFERENCE BUSINESS. On Thursday the Conference sat in the forenoon when papers were read on attendance at public worship by the Rev. James Hill of Sydney, and on the need of a religious revival, by the Rev. S. Hebditch. Both papers were wise and powerful deliverances, and were followed by an interesting discussion. Ihe consensus of opinion seemed to be that faith was not losing its hold upon the people, nor was the attendance at public worship diminishing, and in regard to revivals of religion, while the services of professional revivalists were not to be despised or refused, yet the true revival must come from within. At 1.30. the delegates lunched together at the Town Hall, after which they were photographed in a group by Mr. R. S. Stacy. In the afternoon Mr. F. \V. Taplin attended at Stow Lecture Hall with a number of natives, who entertained the conference for an hour. On Friday afternoon Rev. 11. Dey, of New South Wales read a paper on denominational literature, after which a resolution was carried affirming the desirability of establishing ah intercolonial Congregationol Newspaper. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher read a paper 01a Congregational colleges, the discussion upon which was adjourned till 'luesday. His Excellency the Governor invited the delegates to a reception at Government House which was declined with thanks on account of pressure of business. On Sunday last, special sermons were again preached by the delegates in all the churches, and on Monday a picnic was held at Mount Lofty, which was attended by 200 persons. The conference was continued at Stow Church on Tuesday, when Dr. Jeiferis moved that a Missionary Society be formed in Australasia, to be affiliated to the London Missionary Society. After an animated discussion the motion was carried without dissent. Dr. Jeiferis read a paper on the responsibility of the churches to the young. He pleaded for greater efficiency in Sunday School work, and the consecration to this department of effort of the highest talent of the churches. Mr. T W. Harris followed with a paper on the same subject, on which he pointed out the decrease in the attendance of the children at Sunday School in this colony and in Victoria, which he attributed to the absorbing interest taken in football and other sports. The discussion upon the papers was adjourned. A report to the eifect that the publication of an Australasian Cangregational newspaper and a Congregational Year Book should be referred to the Congregational Unions of Victoria and New South Wales was adopted. Tlie question of colonial Colleges was next considered. Dr. Dale gave an interesting account of Mansfield College, Oxford, which had been formed for the purpose of giving the highest possible theological education to students for the ministry who had taken University degrees. It would be possible for them to fend some of their best students to Mansfield College from Australia. The discussion closed with a resolution in favor of tlie establishment of a boy's college in each colony, and the appointment of a common examining board in connection with the various colleges. In the afternoon papers were read by Rev. G. Clark, of JJobart, Dr. Roseby of Uallarat, and Mr. G. Wight of Queensland, on subjects related to Theology and Scepticism. On Wednesday the conference met at Stow church. A paper by Professor Gosman, 011 Imperial Federation, was read and discussed. After a warm discussion a motiou was carried urging upon the British Government a prompt and satisfactory settlement of the New Hebrides question. An informal discussion took place on the subject of the permanent force acting as a gaurJ of honor to Cardinal Moran. A paper was read by the Rev. J. Walker on Congregationalism in the absence of church conflict. It was agreed to hold the next conference in Melbourne in 18SS, io which England and Wales were requested to send a delegate. The conference closed with votes of thanks. The delegates attending the conference were invited to an At Home at the Acacias, Maryattville, on Saturday last by the Mayor of Adelaide, and to a similar gathering at Montefiore on Wednesday by the Chief Justice. The visitors were much pleased with the hospitality shown them while in Adelaide. 