THE HOLIDAY. | The Eight-Hour Movement. Tuesday, the let of March, was celebrated as the anniversary of the eight-hour movement in Brisbane, and tho members of tho various 'toadesunions, 'with their wives and families/ Tjent .infor enjoyment, aswoll as the close muggy heat would permit of their doing. The . procession was acknowledged to bo the most ' imposing of its kind yet seen in this, colony,! and: it . tends, to show that the power, of this ..gigantio: organisation is certainly not on tho wane. The Procession. ' Shortly after 9 o'clock tho procession started downQueon street, Snb- inspootor Durham, two mounted ? police, and »,,trafflo inspector clearing tho way; Tlien eamo tho Headquarters Band, in full regimental*, but minim the well-known ' form of their reoont drum major. Next oamo (]ie handsome bannor above referred to, carried by about a dozen pairs of willing hand, .and many were tho expressions of admiration it drew forth as it was borne along the street. Then followed tho trades societies delates marching four deep, wearing their djsbngnishing roBettes. _ Next was Smith's band leading tho bricklayers, who wero conspicuous by their handsomo banner representing :'a tradesman with bowel and b'rbk ' in hand in the act of build ing's brick "wall. Hext in order were the ptastei&s;,' headed by one of Ucssrs. James Cimpbell and Son's lorries, deoked with flags, and containing ft number of workmen and tools peculiar to tho trade. These were followed by the NaTalBrigrnIe band of " screechingfifo lind warlike dram, leading thatlarge representative body, the Queensland United European La bourers' Protective Soeiefy, with banner at their head. Hext came the printers, headed by a four- wheeled lorry, containing - a printing Sess, a compositors " case," with a compositor the act of "setting up "'typo, and sprinter "workingoff" handbills, Bnd scattering them around in a promiscuous manner. Next came : the operative masons, headed by a lorry drawn by six horses, and preceded by a burner of handsome design. ; In tho lony were two masons in the act of ohipping a square of stone. Next were tho Queensland Soottish pipers in " full" costume, leading the coach makers, who at their head wero represented by . a neat little Dennet gig built by Messrs. J. M'Nab and Son to the order of Sir Arthur Palmer, and kindly lent by that firm for tho oooasion. The gig was supported on a lorry drawn by fotn: of Mr. Gray's prize horses. Then followed the Amalgamated Society of Car penters and' Joiners with their banner, and after these were the Queensland Cabinetmakers' Union, with a new banner, bearing a striking representation of a European in tho act of straggling with a. Chinaman. Under . this eoene were, tho words "Who's to go?" whilst on the reveorse side is the injunction "Australians, hold your own." These were followed by Mandeville's brass band, loading the Queens land branch of the Seamen's Union, with banner at their head. .Lastly camo a nonde script' craft,, which; at first sight-and with all. dne, respect, to the Ancient Order .of Druids - might have been mistaken for a ear containing about a dozen bearded druids. The car' was a four-wheeled lorry, and in it sat IS seamen disguised and dressed in hideous form, representing tho 18 members of the UpperHouse who were not in favour of in cluding seamen within the provisions of the -Employers Liability Act passed last session, and the men in tho car were labelled with such epithet* as "Discontent," " Heartbroken," V 8nip," " Sawdust," &c.; The Tan wag surrounded by scrolls bearing such words, as "Not outlaws, but men;" "We appeal to the .people for inclusion in the Aot;" ." Note tho incidents of January 1 and 14, 1887.", Tho latter pointed to three spectres, representing the ghosts of three seamen who perished this year, namely, tho seaman' who was killed by the cannon explosion on board the Bnrwah on New Year's Eve, the two men who were drowned from the Bairabool at Breakfast Creek on January 24. The societies taking part in tho proccssion this year for the first time were: The quarry mon, cabinetmakers, brickmakers, shipwrights, and plasterers. The plumbers wero not ropre- ? tented. The order of the procession with tho banners, oolonrs, and numbers, wore as follows: 1\. Headquarters Band. 1\. Eight-hour Banner. i. Trades and Labour Conned (35), with white rosettes. 4\. Brlok and Pipemakers Union (80), red and yellow. I. United Sooiety of Boilermakers and Iron Shipbuilders of Quoensland (00), Stuart tartan. 8\. Smith's City Brass Band. T. Operative Bricklayers' Banner. 5" rPera'®7e Brioklayers' Society (104), red. ». Plasterers, with lorry and horses (60), salmon. 10\. Amalgamated Sooiety of Engineers (80), purple. U. Hammermen (CI), whito. }J* Q U.E.L.P.S. Banner. }?. ft.U.E.L.P.8. Sooiety (2150), maroon. 14\. Shipwrights' Provident Society (80), bluo, ii ?T'0' and yellow. is Jfon*or'corB' 'Labourers (pink). * ? Queensland Typographical Association, *"h Caxtonian Car (110), red and blue. J7. Stonemasons' Banner. 18\. Stonemasons' Society, with lorry and horses (200), bluo. l». Coaehmakers' Sooiety (70), * shepherd's plaid. SO. uonmoulders' Bocioty (60), royal tartan. »»' i"*11!0T (®7)> hluo and brown. 11\. Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and : Joiners, with bannor, (IG0), bluoand white. K. Cabinetmakers' Soeioty, with banner and and horse (60), red aud white. 24\. Blacksmith* 42nd -i 25\. Quorrymen green, and white. - 26.. Mandeville's Brass Band. 27\. Federated Seamen's Union. Banner. 28\. Federated Seamen's Union, with lorry and horses rod, white, and hlue. When the show was declared open, the sports wero immediately commenced. The New Banners. Tot eight-hour tanner wan tho cynosure. of all eyes. That M«ssira.' Jc-nncrand Mobsby did their work well iH admitted Oil all IiuihIh. Mr. Alderman Galloway thought of all tha trades societies and oiglit-hour banner! ho had Been this banner wob the best; and he . was deoply interested, if not closely associated, with tho Bcheme. which .re sulted .in- tho production of tho banner. One | thing might bo said in passing, that tho brick building in course o{ erection, and which one reviewer recognised as tho new buildings being orooted for his .paper has moro striking roiomblahco to the' ;now. prospective bnildingg of The Telegraph than to the perspective . of t£e formor; both being equally nights of imagina tion ; rather wild, however, for positive state ment in a review. . . But the bricklayer*' banner, though not hung in either so conspicuous or so favour able a plaoo a» tho eight-hour banner, yet commanded much more attention, and. it is indeed a magnificent pieco of "workman ship, or rather of art. Tlio. front of the banner represents a brick building with openings introducing various kinds of arohes in which are depicted all tho different 'branohes of the trade in operation. 'In tho oentre is a J fine picture-tho first bricklayers building. the :Tower of Babel. It consists -of .a number of workmen engaged in the, operations of1 brick laying, with tho appropriate mottoes, being passages from Genesis iL: " Go to, letns'make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone," Sr'c. lor some reason or another the artist has represented these ancient bricklayers as Bomons, and Mr. C. Gardiner, tho artist in question, has succeeded admirably in canning out in perfection of outline the old Reman figures, as well as the costume which thoso ancient tradesmen may be supposed to have worn, as represented in the bricklayers' arms. The foot of the building is based with stone, partly in front of which is seen & red panel bearing the name of the eocioty and the dato of its establishment. At each end of this panel ore two beautifully-painted Cupids un furling a riohly toned crimson- coloured cloth, which is draped over the panel, with emble matic tools scattered on tho gronnd. There is a scaffolding erected in front of tho building, on which' stand a bricklayer and surveyor,- the one holding a trowel and the other a ground plan of tho structure about to bo raised in then: hands. Hanging from this scaffolding are two medallions, with a dove on one and a beehive on the other, representing peace and industry. There are other" pictures coiled round with gold ribbons, one of which represents a working man's home, with the head of the family reading The Telegraph, while tho mother is nnrsing an infant in. long clothes, the old grandmother sitting at the side of the -fireplace looking con tented and comfortable as old age can, with the eldest son of the family studying at the table, which, with the rays of. the lamps glar ing on hia student features, forms a ,veiy beautiful picture of the comfortable surround ings of a Queensland workman at home, and a very appropriate and ' hopeful'view of the future of the working classes, effected and made possible' by. the eight-hour system, when popular education shall have remodelled the class into one superior to itself. The reference - to The Telegraph in tha home scene of tho Brisbane workmen, is genuine, and not the cunning creation of the re porter's imagination. Tho artist,' recognis ing The Telegraph a« in very deed tho working man's paper, purposely introduced, : as the likeliest thing an intelligent workman would bo doing after his day's toil was over reading The Telegraph-the workingman's cause being one wlnoh the advocaoy of that paper has done so much to uphold and maintain. Coiling throngh a large red panel at the bottom of the banner is the name of tho society embellished, tho Australian flags divide the top, and the Australian arms painted between completes the back design. The cost of tho banner with extras was £200, and altogether the painting is in Mr. Gar diner's best style. The arrangement of the brickwork on the obverso Bide, which represents a' Queensland bricklayer at work, is so perfect in conception, and so naturally executed, that tho bricklayers are in raptures with it. " To nature," said a leading man with tho brick makers. " Han, it's grand," said another. Not even tho most experienced and critical bricklayer can find fault with tho appcaraneo of the brickwork represented as in oourso of erection, and tho appearance and poise of tho man at work is to tho life, iB the universal dietnm of the men most interested, and, in this case, who should know best. Tho cradle for carrying tho banner is well mado, and finished with substantial brass work, and is the work of Messrs. Hipwood Brothers, Eagle street. Altogether tho bricklayers are to be congratu lated on the grand banner, and also on the fact that in plaomg tho order with a looal artist they havo given offect to one of the great prin ciples of oolonial trado, which is to foster local and colonial industries. Tho cabinetmakers' banner, though a oarioa turo, is a very clover conception, and an excel lent pieoo of work; and tlio artist (Mr. C. Gardiner) entered fully into tho hope and en thusiasm of the cabinetmakers when ho depiatod the death-strugglo between tho European cabi notmakerond tho Chinese competitor. "Who's to go!" call only havo one answor from tho interpretation of tho picture. The opponents havo grasped cuoh other's throat, and tho Mongolian features havo a wild, ghastly expres sion, as ho gasps in tho iron grasp of doatn of tho powerful European, whilo tho latter caeca off and manipulates tho Chinaman's grasp at his throat by seizing tho lattor's wrist with his left hand, and tho Chinaman sinks tha nails of his left hand into the other's kneo in the agonies of helpless despair. Wo i hojpo that the wishes of the cabinetmakers so : spiritedly depleted may; be fully realised. The j other societies1 banners were hung throughout the 'building, but these havo been already described. ? The police arrangements were not all that could bo wished, there not being sufficient men to copo with the vast concourse which, in the afternoon must have numbered 6,000 or 7,000 -persons. After luncheon the sports went briskly on, and'orcry species of amusement was provided, from o donkoy ride to a game at skittles. Merry-go-rounds -whirling, cheap Jacks orating, i showmen gesticulating, bands playing, colours ' : flying, ana, tho occupants of the great tmll doing tho light fantastic toe, all went u merrily .and orderly as oho could desire. ' : , The Sports. Many oftho races wero well contented; but on tho whole things wore not very orderly within the ring.' A great source of annoyance was the "emit number of policemen, and the Yery bad taste of the spectators who pressed into the ring, which latter indiscretion caused several rows. The starter at last becaino so angry when all sports had for a timo been stopped by tho crowdB on the ring that, forgetting himself through some persons obloquy being put upon him, , he struck one man over the head with the revolver he had in his hand. That was the signal for a free fight, and a good many hard blows were exchanged by the crowd on one side and the sports committee on the other. Frazer, who had been acting as starter, was so severely handled that ho had t. resign his place and go home, Mr. B. Camtron taking his place and conducting the sports during the remainder of the afternoon. The most exciting interest was displayed in. the wrestling, and as the last two tasalcrs seemed to bo very great favourites with the vast crowd, the ring W88 rushed several times as tho favourite of tho different parties had the best or worst of it. . Mr. Valentine, tho secretary of the com mitteo and boss of tho sports, pushed them on with admirable itimo and order, and taken altogether the sports, as the rest of the pro gramme was, was a great success. The fol lowing are the results of tho events: AppnxNTicza' BACB.- First prize, 80s.; second, 16s.; third, is. "E. Bodgers, 1; T. Martin, 2; E. Wren, J. Q.TJ.E.L.P. RACE, 200 yards handicap. First prize, value £1 10s. and £1 10s. cash; second, valuo £1 and 5s. cash; third, 10s. B. Percival (15 yards), 1; G. E. Cottell (scratch); 2; J. Donnelly (20 yards), 3. Handicapped by Mr. Hanton. MAIDEX BACB.-First prize, value £1 Is. and £1 10s. cash; second, value £2 2s.; third, £1. J. C. 'Ward, 1; H. L. Silvester, 2; J. Fury, 3. HIGH JTJXT.-First prize, £3; second, JOs. A. Chalmers, 1 (5 feet 2 inches); J. Bay, 2. - 150 YAED3 HANDICAP.-First prize, Telegraph cup, value £10 10s., presented by Telegraph Newspaper Company (to bo won twice), and £3; second, value £2; third, value £1 Is. Booth (10 yards), 1 . Graham (3yards), 2; M'Grinon (10 yards), 3. There were five starters. Pornsa 17LB. STOSTB.-First prize, £2 10s.; second, £1. J. O'Brisn (S3 feet), 1; B. Gra ham (32 feet 3 inches), 2. STONEMASONS' RACE.-First prize, value £5 5s. .and £1 cash; second, value £5 5s.; third, value £3 3s.J. Innes, (10 yards), 1J. Beny,' (scratch), 2; W. Kitchen, (10 yanls), 3. CABFEXTXBS' BACH.-Fiist prize, vaine £3 3s.; second, value £2 2s.; third, £1 5s. I. Brown, 1; j. Jacobs, 2 ; Tester, 3. BBICKLATEES' BACK, 300 yards handicap. First prize, value £4 10s and £5 cash; second, £3 10s.; third, £1 10s. J. Booth (scratch), 1; J. Dowd (30 yards), 2; G. Thompson (10 yards), 3. SrosnfASOKs' AiTOErncES. - Erst prize, value £8 10s.; second £1 5s.third, £1 Is. W. Hant (scratch), 1; J. Humphries (scratch), 2. There were only two starters. QUABBTKXN'S BACB, 200 yards.-First prize, value £5 10s.; second, value £4; third, value £2 2s. 6d. W. Marshall, 1; j. O'Brien, 2; D. O'Shea, 3. HIGH Jtncr.-First prize, £3; second, 30s. A. Chalmers (5 feet 2 inches), 1; J. Bay, 2. HOP, STEP, AND JDXP.-First prize, value £2 10s.; second, £1. F. Kingwnill, 1; Sweeney, 2, Muir, 3. . OLD MEN'S RACE.-First prize, value £4 5s.; second, value £2 lis.; third, value lis. 6d. Hunt, 1; Patling, 2; W. Havercroft, 3. B. O'Conneil finished second, but was disqualified for jostling. POTATO RACE.-First prize, £3 ; second, £1 10s.; third, 15s.; W. Ritchie, 1; W. Marshall, 2; R. Fogan. 3. AmtivmaABT HAXDICAT, 150 Yards.-First | prize, £30; second, £1-5; third, £5. The first heat was won by W. Mittlestedt in 161 sees., tho second by B. Mann in 15 sees., tho third by A. Chalmers in 15J sees., and the fourth by C. Linden in Hi sees. In tho final, Linden, with 11 yards handicap, was first; Chalmers, with 9 yanls, second; and Mann, with 14 yards, third. Yonso LAMBS' BACB.-First prize, value £S 8s.; second, valua £4 4s.; third, value 15s. 6d. Miss A. O'Conneil, i; Miss K. Bodgers, 2; Miss E. Bridge, 3. Fnmas'9 RACE, 200 Yards Handicap.-First prize, £3; second, £1 10s.; third, 10s. Wil liams, 1; Bioo, 2; Astle, 3. SBAKKX'S BACK.-First prize, £3; second, £1; third, 10s. M'Krinnon, 1; Snelgrove, 2; Keenan, I. APPEE>TICIS' BACB.-First prize, value £3 10s.; second, value £1 10s. and £1; third, value 10s. and 15s. F. G. Powell, 1; F. Dowse; 2; C. Carpenter, 3. A protest, which is not yet decided, was entered against Powell, on tho gronnd that ho was not an apprentice. WnEsruxQ.-Cumberland style, prize, £3 3s., J. Beattio. Thcro were three other com petitor!". In tho match in the catch-as-catch-can stylo 'there were only two entries, F. Meyer and D. Davidson, and tho conditions were the ] first two falls out of three. Meyer won the first bout, and Davidson tho second. The third fall was considered no fall. LICENSED VICTDAIXKES' RACE, 440 yards handicap.-First prizo, £10; second, £5; third, £3. W. Mittlestedt (30 yards), 1; B. Mann . (28 yards), 2 [ W. Gibson (26 yards), 3. BOXLEBXAXZBS1 RACE.-Krst prize, value £2 10B., and £1 ? lOs.; second, 'value £110s., Mid £1; third, 15s. J. Gunner, 1; H. Siaat, 3; H. Wright, 3. - TVPOOKAFHIOAI. HAWDIOAP, 220 yards.-Firsi prize, £5; second," £3; third, £2. H. Xi. Sil vester (12 yards), 1; H. M. Sweeney (' yards),- 2; it. M. Robert* (H yards), 3. OCT MILS HANDICAP.-First prize, value £8 6B. ; second, value £3 3s.; third, valme 42. S. Wotton (scratch), 1; A. Harding (80 yards), 2; M. <j. Pearce (83 yards), 3. HANDICAP HUBDLB HAOS, 220 yards.-First prize, value £5 6s.; second, £2 19s. B. Mann (20 yards), 1 ; H. ,11. Sweeney (10 yards), 2; D. Smith (25 yards), 8. BEJCKKAKKBS' RACE.-First prizo, value £2 29.; second, 15s.' Powell, 1 ; Apploton, 8. \- The Cabinetmakers' Race did not take plaoo. The officers conducting the sports werot Secretary, Mr. G.'Valentine (Boilermakers' Society); 1 handicapper, Mr. T. Welsby. Sports Committee: WM.C., Messrs. 3. Evans, T. Russell, and C. Lancaster; judges, Messrs. T. Ynilln and J. Turner; referee, Mr. W. Daniels; starter, Mr. J. Fraser; committee, Messrs.' Hanlon, Gleeson, J. Johnson, B. Thompson, SchaScock, S. Cameron, Mogan, J. Brown, Geo. Valentine; judges for wrest ling,Messrs. J. Stables undR. Scott. 