ALLAN QUATERMAIN: BKINQ AN ACCOUNT OF HI9 j FURTHER ADVENTURES AND DISCOVERIES IK | COMPANY WITH SIR HENRY CURTIS, BART.. ! COMMANDER JOHN GOOD, R.N., AND OSS ; UMSLOPOGAAS. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of "She," "King Solomon's Mines,' &c.; Ex Africa semper allquid novi. (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CIIAPTEK xxn.-How UMSLOPOGAAS HELD THE STAIB..-(Continued.) " Ho* are you getting on, old chap 1" said a voice from the neighborhood of the eyeglass. " What are you doing here ?" I asked faintly. " Yon onght to be at M'Arstuna -have you run away, or what ?" "M'Arstuna," he replied cheerfully. "Ah, M'Arstuna fell last week-you've been unconscious for a fortnight, you Bee -with all the honors of war, you know, trumpets blowing, flags flying, just as though they had the best of it; but for all that weren't they just glad to go. Israel made for his tents, I can tell you-never saw such a skedaddle in my life." " And Sorais ?" I asked. " Sorais- oh, Soma is a prisoner; they gave her up, the scoundrels," he added -with a change of tone-"sacrificed the queen to save their skins, you see. She is being brought up here, and I don't know vhat will happen to her, poor soul," " Where is Curtis ?" I asked. " He is with Nyleptha. She rode out to meet ub to-day, axid there was a grand to do, I can tell you. He is coming to see yon to morrow ; the doctors (for there ia a medical 'faculty' In Zu-Vendis as elsewhere) thought that he had better not come to-day." I said nothing, but somehow I thought to myself that notwithstanding the doc tors he might have given me a look; but there, when a man is newly married and has just gained a great victory he is apt to listen to the advice of doctors, and quite right too. . . Just then I heard a familiar voice in forming me that "Monsieur must now couch himself," and looking up perceived Alphonse'a enormous black moustachios curling away in the distance. " So you are here ?" I said. " Mais oui, monsieur ; the war is now finished, my military instincts are satis fied, and I return to nurse monsieur." I laughed, or rather tried to ; but what ever may have been Alphonse'a fallings as a warrior (and I fear that he did not come up to the level of his heroic grandfather in this particular, showing thereby^ how trne is the saying that it is a bad thing to be overshadowed by some great ancestral name), a better or a kinder nurse never lived. Poor Alphonse ! I hope he will always think of me as kindly a3 I think of him. _ ' On the morrow I saw Curtis ana Nyleptha with him, and he told me the whole history of what had happened since Umslopogaas and I galloped wildly away from the battle to save the life of the queen. It seemed to me that he had managed the thing exceedingly well, and Bhowed great ability as a general. Of course, however, our loss had been dread fully heavy-indeed, I am afraid to say how many perished in the desperate battle I have described, but I know that the slaughter has appreciably affected the male population of the country. He was veTy pleased to see me, deal fellow that he ia, and thanked me with tears in his eyes for the little I had been able to do. I saw him, however, start violently when his eyes fell upon my face. As for Nylepfcha, Bhe was positively radiant now that " her dear lord" had come back with no other Injury than an ugly scar on Ids forehead. I do not be lieve that she allowed all the fearful slaughter that had taken place to weigh ever so little In the balance against this one fact, or even to detract greatly from her joy, and I cannot blame her for It, seeing that it is the nature of loving woman to look at all things through the spectacles of her love, and little do they reck of the misery of the many if the happiness of the one be assured. That is human nature, which the Positivists tell us is just perfection, so no doubt it Is all right. " And what art thou going to do with Sorais ?" I asked her. Instantly her bright brow darkened to a frown. , , " SoraiB," she said, with a little stamp of the foot; "ah, but Sorais !" Sir Henry hastened to turn the subject. " You will soon be about and all right again now* old fellow," he said. I shook my head and laughed. "Don't deceive yourselves," I said. "I may be about for a little, but I shall never be all right again. I am a dying man, Curtis. I may die slow, but die I must. Do you know I have been spitting blood all the morning ? I tell you that there is something working away into my lungs; I can feel it there. There, don't look distressed ; I have had my day, and am ready to go. Give me the mirror, will you, I want to look at myself." He made some excuse, but I saw I through it and insisted, and at last he handed me one of the discs of polished silver set in a wooden frame like a hand screen, which serve as looking-glasses in Zu-Vendis. I looked and put it down. " Ah," I said quietly, " I thought so, and you talk of my getting all right." I did not like to let them see how shocked I really was at my own appearance. My grizzled e tubby hair was turned snow white, and my yellow face was shrunk like an aged woman's, and had two deep purple rings painted beneath the eyes. Here Nyleptha began to cry, and Sir Benry again turned the subject, telling me that the artists had taken a cast of the dead body of old Umslopogaas, and that a great statue in black marble was to be erected of him in the act of i splitting the sacred stone, which was to be matched by another statue in white marble of myself and the horse " Day light," as he appeared when, at the termi nation of that wild ride, he sank beneath me in the courtyard of the palace. I have since seen these Btatues, which at the time of writing this, six months after the battle, are nearly finished, and very beau tiful they are, especially that of Umslopo gaas, which is exactly like him. As for that of myself it is good, but they have idealised my ugly face a little, which is^ perhaps as well, seeing that thausands of'people will probably look at it in the centuries to come, and it is not pleasant to look at ugly things. Then they told me that Umslopogaaas last wish had been carried out, and that instead of being cremated, as I shall be, after the usual fa&hion; here, he had been tied up, Zulu custom, with his knees be neath hiB chin, and, having been wrapped in a thin sheet of-beaten gold, entombed i In a bole hollowed out of the masonry of the semicircular space at the top of the stair he defended so splendidly, which faces, as far as we can judge, almost ! exactly towards Zoluland. There he sits, and will Bit for ever, for they embalmed him with spices and put him In an air tight stone coffer, keeping his grim watch beneath the spot he held alone against a multitude, and the people say that at Dight his ghost rises and stands shaking the phantom of lnkosi-kaas at phantom foes. Certainly they fear during the dark hours to pass the place where the hero is buried. Oddly enough, too, a new legend or prophecy has arisen in the land in that unaccountable way in which such thing3 do arise among barbarous and semi civilised people, blowing like the wind, no man knows from whence. According to this saying, so long as the old Zula sits there, looking down the stairway he de fended when alive, so long will the new House of the Stairway, springing from i the union of the Englishman and Nyleptha, I which he inaugurated by shattering the | Holy Stone, endure and flourish; but | when he is taken from thence, or when I ages hence his bones at last crumble into dust, the houBe shall fall, and the Stair way shall fall, and the nation of the Zu Yendi shall cease to be a nation. 