Siteraturc. ALLAN QUATERMAIN : BBHTG AN ACCOUNT OF HIS FURTHER ADVENTURES AND DISCOVERIES IN COMPANY WITH SIR HENRY CURTIS, BART., COMMANDER JOHN GOOD, R.N., AND ONE UMBIiOPOGAAS. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of 'She,' 'King Solomon's MineB,' &c; Ex Africa semper allquid nori. (Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.] Chapter YIL — A SiiAtjghteb Grim asd Great. Then came a pause, and we stood there in the chilly silent darkness waiting till the moment came to start. It was per haps the lnosttrving time of all — that slow, slow quarter of an hour. The minutes seemed to drag along with leaden feet, and the quiet, the solemn hush, that brooded over all — big, as it were with a coming fate was most oppressive to the spirits. I once remember having to get up before dawn to see a man hung, and I then went through a very similar set of sensations, only in the present instance my feelings were animated by 'that more vivid and personal element which naturally apper tains rather to the person to be operated on than* to the most sympathetic spectator. The solemn faces of the men, well aware that the short passage of an hour would mean for some, and perhaps all of them, the last great passage to the unknown or oblivion, the bated whispers in which they spoke ; even Sir Henry's continuous and thoughtful examination of his wood cutter's axe, and the fidgety way in which Good kept polishing his eyeglass all told the same tale of nerves stretched very nigh to breaking point. Only Umslopo gaas, leaning as usual upon Inkosi-kaas, and taking an occasional pinch of snuff, was to all appearance perfectly and com pletely unmoved. Nothing could touch his iron nerves. The moon went down ; for a long while she had been getting nearer and nearer to the horizon, now she finally sank and left the world in darkneBs save for a faint grey tinge in the eastern sky that palely heralded the coming dawn. Mr. Mackenzie stood, watch in hand, His wife clinging to his arm and striving to stifle her sobs. ' Twenty minutes to 4,' he said ; ' it ought to be light enough to attack at twenty minutes past 4. Captain Good had better be moving, he will want three or four minutes' start.' Good gave one final polish to his eye glass', nodded to us in a jocular sort of way— which I could not help feeling it must have cost him something to muster up — and, ever polite, took off his steel lined cap to Mrs. Mackenzie, and started for his position at the head of the kraal, to reach which he had to make a detour by some paths known to the natives. Just then one of the boys came in and repotted that everybody in the Masai camp, with the exception of the two sentries who were walking up and down in front of the respective entrances, appeared to be fast asleep. Then the rest of us took the road. First came the guide, then Sir Henry, Umslopogaas, the Wakwafi Askari, and Mr. Mackenzie's two mission natives armed with long spears and shields. I followed immediately after with Alphonse and five natives all eimed with guns, and Mr. Mackenzie brought up the rear with the sis remain ing natives. The cattle kraal where the Masai were camped lay at the foot of the hill on which the house stood or, roughly speak ing, about eight hundred yards from the mission buildings. The first five hundred yards of this distance we traversed quietly indeed, but at a good pace ; after that we crept on as silently as a leopard on Ms prey, gliding like ghosts from bush to bush and stone to stone. When I had gone a little way I chanced to look behind me and saw the redoubtable Alphonse staggering along with white face and trembling knees and his rifle, which was at full cock, pointed directly at the small of my back. Having halted and carefully put the rifle at ' safety,' we started again and all went well till we were -within one hundred yards or so of the kraal, when his teeth began to chatter in the most aggressive way. ' If you don't stop that I will kill you,' I whispered savagely; for the idea of having all our lives sacrificed to a tooth chattering French cook was too much for xne. I began to fear that he would betray us, and heartily wished we had left him behind. '3ur, monsieur, I cannot help It,' he answered ; '* it is the cold.' Here was a dilemma, but fortunately I ?devised a plan. In the pocket of the coat I had on was a small piece of dirty rag that I had used some time before to clean the gun with- ** Put this in your mouth,' I wluweredagain,glvinghimtherag ; 'and if Ihear anothersound youareadeadman.' I knew that that would stifle the clatter of his ivories. I must have looked as if 1 meant what I said, for he instantly obeyed me and proceeded with an oily corner of rag hanging down bis chin. Then we crept on again. At last we were witnin fifty yards of the kraal. Between us and it was an open ^acfof doping grass ^'J^''1' mosa bushand a couple of toss «d* of a sort of thfetle for cover. W« w» sfedl hidden in fairly thick bosh. It TO be ginning to grow Ugh*. The stars had paled and a kind of sickly gleam played about the east and was reflected on the earth. We could see the outline of the kraal clearly enough, and could also make out the faint glimmer of the dying embers of the Masai camp fires. We halted and watched, for the sentry we knew was posted at the opening. Presently he ap peared, a fine tall fellow, walking idly up and down within five paces of the thorn stopped entrance. 'We had hoped to catch him napping, Taut it was not to be. He seemed particularly wide awake. If we could not kill that man, and kill him silently, we were lost. There we crouched and watched him. Presently Umslopo gaas, who was a few paces ahead of me, turned and made a sign, and next second I saw him go down on his stomach like a snake, and taking an opportunity when the sentry's head was turned, began to work his way through the grass without a sound. , The unconscious sentry began to num a little tune and Unislopogaas crept on. He reached the shelter of the minum bush unperceived and there waited. Still the sentry walked up and down. Presently he turned and looked over the wall into the camp. Instantly the human snake who was stalking him glided on ten yards and got behind one of the tussocks of the thistle-like plant, Teaching it as the Elmoran turned again. As he turned his eye fell upon this patch of thistles, and it seemed to strike him that it did not Ipok quite right. He advanced a pace towards it — halted, yawned, stooped down, picked up a little pebble and threw it at it. It hit Umslopogaas upon the head, luckily not ' upon the armor-shirt. Had it done so the clink would have betrayed us. Luckily, too, the shirt was browned and not bright steel, which would certainly have been detected. Apparently satis fied that there was nothing wrong he then gave over Mb investigations and contented himself with leaning on his spear and standing gazing idly at the tuft. For at least three minutes did he stand thus, plunged apparently in a gentle reverie, and there we lay in the last extremity of anxiety, expecting erery moment that we should be discovered or that some untoward accident would happen. I could hear Alphonse's teeth going like anything on the oiled rag, and turning my head round made an awful face at him. But I am bound to state that my own heart was at much the same game as the Frenchman's castanets, while the perspiration was pouring from my body, causing the wash leathered-lined shirt to stick to me unpleasantly, and altogether was in the pitiable state known by schoolboys as a ** blue funk.' At last the ordeal came to an end. The sentry glanced at the east, and appeared to note with satisfaction that his period of duty was coming to an end— as indeed it was, once and for all — for he rubbed his hands and began to walk again briskly, to warm himself. The moment his back was turned the long black snake glided on again, and reached the other thistle tuft, which was within a couple of paces of his return beat. Back came the sentry and strolled right past'the tuft, utterly unconscious of the presence that was crouching behind it. Had he looked down he could scarcely have failed to see, but he did not do so. He passed, and then his hidden enemy erected Jnmself , and with outstretched hand followed in his tracks. . - A moment more, and just as the Elmoran was about to turn, the great Zulu made a spring, and in the growing light we could see the long lean hands dose round the. Masai's throat. Then followed a convulsive twining of the two dark bodies, and in another second I saw the Masai's; Jiead bent back, and heard a sharp crack, something like that of a dry. twig t snapping, and he fell down upon the ground hia limbs moving spasmodi cally. Umslopogaas had put out all his iron strength and broken the warrior's neck. For a moment he knelt upon his victim, still gripping bis throat till he was sure that there was nothing more to fear from him, and then he rose and beckoned to us to advance, which we did on all fours, like a colony of huge apes. On reaching the kraal we saw that the Masai had still further choked this entrance, which was about ten feet wide — no doubt In order to guard against attack, by dragging four or five tops of mimosa trees Tip to it. So much the better for us, I reflected ; the more obstruction there was the slower would they be able to come through Here we separated,* Mackenzie and his party creeping up under the shadow of the wall to the left, while Sir Henry and Umslopogaas took their stations one on each side of the thorn fence, the two spearmen and the Askari lying down in front of it. I and my men crept on up the right side of the kraal, which was about fifty paces long. When I was two-thirds up ~I halted, and placed my men atdistances of four pace3 from one another, keeping Alphonse close to me, however. Then I peeped for the first time over the wall. It was getting fairly light now, and the first thing I saw was the white donkey, exactly opposite, to me, and dose by it I could make out little Flossie's pale face, sitting as the lad had described, some ten paces from the wall. Hound her lay many warriors, sleeping. At distances all over the surface of the kraal were the remains of fires, round each of which slept some . five-and-twenty Masai, for the most part gorged with food. Now and then a man would raise himself, yawn, and look at the east, which had now turned primrose ; but none got up. I determined tp wait another five minutes, both to allow the light to in crease so that we could make better shoot ing, and to give Good and his party— of whom I could see or hear nothing— every opportunity to make ready. . The quiet dawn began to throw her ever-widening mantle over plain and forest and river — mighty Kenia, wrapped in the silence of eternal snows, looked out across the earth— till presently a beam from the unrisen sun lit upon his heaven kissing crest and purpled it with blood ; the sky above grew ^jblue and tender as a mother's smile ; a bird began to pipe his morning song, and a little breeze passing through the bush shook down the dew drops in millions to refresh the waking world. Everywhere was peace and the happiness of arising strength, every where save in the heart of cruel man ! Suddenly, just as I was nerving myself for the signal, having already selected my man on whom I meant to open fire— a great fellow sprawling on the ground within three feet. of little Flossie— Alphonse's teeth began to chatter again like thehoofs of a galloping giraffe, making a great'noise in the silence. His rag .had dropped out in the agitation of his mind. Instantly a Masai within three paces of us woke; and, sitting up, began to gaze about him, look ing for the cause of the sound. Moved beyond myself, I brought the butt-end of my rifle down on to the pit of the French man's stomach. This stopped his chatter ing ; but, as he doubled up, he managed to let off his gun in such a manner that the bullet passed within an inch of my head. There was no need for a signal now. From both sides of the kraal broke out a waving line of fire, in which I myself joined, managing with a snap shot to knock over my Masai by Flossie, just as lie was jumping up. Then from the tfp end the kraal there rose an awful yell, in which I rejoiced to recognise Good's piercing note rising clear and shrill above the din, and in another second followed such a scene as I have never seen before or shall again. With an universal howl of terror and fury the brawny crowd of savages within the kraal sprung to their feet, many of them to fall again beneath our well-directed hail of lead before they had moved a yard. - For & moment they stood undecided, and then hearing the cries aud curees that rose unceasingly from the top end of the kraal and bewildered by the storm of bullets, they as by one impulse rushed down towards the thorn stopped entrance. As they went we kept pouring our fire with terrible effect Into the thickening mob as fast as we could load. I had emptied my re peater of the ten shots it contained, and was just beginning to slip in some more when I bethought me of little Flossie. Looking up I saw that the white donkey was lying, kicking, having been knocked over either by one of our bullets or a Masai spear- thrust. There were no living Masai near, but ihe black nurse was on her feet and cutting the rope that bound Flossie's feet with a spear. Next second she ran to the wall of the kraal and began to climb over it, an example which the little girl followed. But FloBsie was evidently very stiff and cramped and could only go slowly, and as she went two Masai flying down the kraal caught sight of her and rushed towards her to kill her. The first fellow came up just as the poor little girl, af teradesperate effort to climb the wall, fell back into the kraal. Up flashed the great spear, and as it did so a bullet from my rifle found its home in the holder's ribs, and .over he went like a shot rabbit. But behind him was the other man, and, alas, I had only that one cartridge in the magazine ! Flossie had scrambled to her to her feet and waB facing the second man, who was advancing with raised spear. I turned my head aside and felt sick as death. I could not bear to see him stab her. * Glancing up again, to my surprise I saw the Masai's spear lying on the ground, while the man himself was staggering about with both hands to his head. Sud denly I saw a puff of smoke, proceeding apparently from Flossie, and the man fell down headlong. Then I remembered the Derringer pistol she carried, and saw that she had fired both barrels of it at him, thereby saving her life. In another instant she had made an effort, and assisted by the nurse, who was lying on the top, had scrambled over the wall, and I knew that she was, comparatively speaking, safe. All this takes some time to tell, but I do not suppose that it took more than 15 seconds to enact. I soon got the chamber of the repeater filled again with cartridges and once more opened fire, not on the seething black mass which was gathering at the end of the kraal, but on fugitives who bethought them to climb the wall. I picked off several of these men, moving . down towards the end of the kraal as I did so, and arriving at the corner, or rather . the bend of the oval, in time to see and by means of my rifle to assist in the mighty struggle that took place there. By this time some 200 Masai — allowing that we had up to the present accounted for 50 — had gathered together in front of the thorn-stopped entrance, driven thither by the spears of Good's men, whom they doubtless supposed were a large force in stead of being but 10 strong. For Borne reason it never occurred to them to try and rush the wall, which they could have scrambled over with comparative ease ; they all made for the fence, which was xeally a strongly interwoven fortification. With a bound the first warrior went at it, and even before he touched the ground on the other side I saw Sir Henry's great axe swing up and fall with awful force upon his feather head-piece, and he fell in to.the middle of the thorns. Then with a Bhriek and a crash they began to break through somehow, and ever as they came the great axe swung and Inkosi-kaas flashed and they fell dead one by one, each man helping to build up a barrier against his fellows. Those who escaped the axes of the pair fell at the hands of the Askari and the two mission Kaffirs, and those who passed scatheless from' them fell beneath my own and Mackenzie's fire. Faster and more furious grew the fight ing. ; Single Masai would spring upon the dead bodieB of their'comrades, and engage one or other of the axemen with their long spears ; but, thanks chiefly to the mail shirts, the result was always the same. Presently there was a great swing of the axe, a sound of crashing bones, and another dead Masai. That is, if the man was engaged with Sir Henry. If it was Umslopogaas that he fought with the ' result indeed wonld be the same, but it would be differently attained. It was but rarely that the Zulu used the crashing double-handed stroke ; on the contrary, he did little more than tap continually at his adversary's head, pecking at it with the pole-axe end of the axe as a woodpecker pecks at rotten wood. Pre sently a peck would go home, and his enemy would drop down with a neat little circular hole . in his forehead or skull, exactly similar to that which a cheese scoop makes in a cheese. . He never used the broad blade of the axe except when hard pressed or* when striking at a shield. He told me afterwards that he did not con sider It sportsmanlike. Good and his men were quite close by now,' and our people had to cease firing into the mass for fear of killing some of them (as it was one of them was killed in this way). Mad and desperate with fear the Masai by a frantic effort burst through the : thorn-fence and piled-up dead, and sweeping Curtis, Umslopogaas, and the other three before them broke into the open. And now it was that we began to lose men fast. Down went our poor Askaf i who was armed with the axe, a great spear standing out a foot behind his back;andbeforelongthetwospearsmenwho had stood with him went down too, dying fighting like tigers ; and others of our party shared their fate. For a moment I feared the fight was lost — certainly it trembled in the balance. I shouted to my men to cast down their rifles, and to take spears arid throw themselves into the meUe. They obeyed, their blood being now thoroughly up, and Mr. Mackenzie's people followed their example. '? This move had a momentary good re sult, but still the fight hung in the balance. Our people fought magnificently, hurling . themselves upon the dark mass of Elmoran,' hewing, thrusting, slaying, and being slain. And ever above the din rose Good's awful yell of encouragement as he plunged, eyeglass and all, to wherever the fight was thickest ; and ever, with an almost machine-like regularity, the two axes rose and fell, carrying death and dis ablement at every stroke. But I could see that the strain was beginning to tell upon Sir . Henry, who waa bleeding from ; several flesh wounds; his breath was coming in gasps, and the veins stood out on his forehead like blue and knotted cords. Even Umslopogaas, man of iron that he was/ was hard pressed. I noticed that he had given up 'wopdpecking,' and was now using the broad blade of Inkosi kass, 'browning' his enemy wherever he could hit him, instead of drilling scientific holes in his head. I myself did not go into the md.ee, but hovered outside like the swift ' back' in a football scrimmage, putting a bullet through a Masai whenever I got a chance. I was more use so. I fired forty-nine cartridges that morning, and I did not miss many shots. Presently, do as we wonld, the beam of the balance began to liae against us. We had. not more than fifteen or sixteen effec tives left now, and the Masai had at least fifty. Of course if they, had kept their heads and shaken themselves together they could soon have made an end of the matter ; but that is just what they did not do, not having yet recovered from their start/ and some of them having actually fled from their sleeping-places without their weapons. Still by now many individuals were fighting with their normal courage and discretion, and this alone was sufficient to defeat us. To make matters worse just then, when Mackenzie's rifle was empty, a brawny savage armed with a 'sime'or sword, made a rush forhim. The clergy man flung down his gun, and drawing his huge carver from his elastic belt (his revolver had dropped out in the fight), they closed in desperate struggle. It really was a sight to see that good but angular, man go -in— coat-tails, broad* brimmed jbat, carving-knife, and alj. They say that nobody is bo bitter aa an apostate, soon the same principle, for fighting purposes at a pinch commend me to a man of peace. At any rate, Mackenzie's play with the carving-knife was something beautiful, though I fear that the Society of Friends would not have approved of this way of 'converting the heathen.' Presently, locked in a close embrace, missionary and Masai rolled on to the ground behind the wall, and for some timelj'being amply occupied with my own affairs 'and in keeping my skin fcom being pricked, remained in ignorance of his fate or how the duel had ended. To and fro surged the fight, slowly turn ing round like the vortex of a human whirlpool, and things began to look very bad for us. Just then, however, a fortu nate thing happened. Umalopogaas, either by accident or design, broke out of the ring and engaged a warrior at some few paces from it. As he did so another man ran up and struck him with all hia force between the shoulders with hia great spear, which, falling on the tough steel shitt, failed to pierce it and rebouaded. For a moment the man stared aghast — protective armor being unknown among these tribes — and then he yelled out at the top of his voice — '* Tliey are devils — bewitched-, hewttched!' And seized by a sudden panic he threw down his spear and began to fly. I cut short his career with a bullet, and Umslo pogaas brained his man,- and then tie panic spread to the others. ' Bewitched, bewitched /' they cried, and tried to escape in every direction, utterly demoralised and broken-spirited, for the moBt part even throwing down their shields and spears. On the last scene of the dreadful ight I need not dwell. It was a slaughter great and grim, in which no quarter was asked ' or given. One incident, however, is vrorth detailing. Just as I was hoping that it was all done with, suddenly from under a heap of slain where he had been hiding, an unwounded warrior sprang up, and, clearing the piles of dying and dead like an antelope, sped like the wind up the kraal towards the spot where I was stand ing at the moment. But he was not alone, for Umslopogaas came gliding on his tracks with the peculiar swallow-like motion for which he was noted, and as they neared me I recognised in the Masai 'the herald of the previous night. Findin* that, ran as he would, his pursuer was gaining on him, the man halted and turned round to give battle. Umslopogaas alsdpulled up. 'Ah, ah,' he cried to the EInoran, 'it is thou whom I talked with list night— the Lygonani, the herald, the bapturer of little girls— he who would Ml a little girl. And thou didst hope to stand man to man and face to face with ailnduna of the tribe of the Maquilisini, ofthe people of the Amazulu ? Behold, tfy prayer is granted 1 And I did swear to hew thee limb from limb, thou insilent dog. Behold I will do it even now !V The Masai ground his teetl; with fury and charged at the Zulu wi&ihis; spear. As he came Umslopogaas defily stepped aside, and swinging Inkosikaas high above his head with both han(a brought the blade down with' such' fearful force from behind upon' the Majaaaa shoulder just where the neck is set intcfthe frame, thatitfsrazor-edgeshore right 'ti^oughbone and flesh and muscle, almost severing the head and one arm from theboty. ' There,' ejaculated Umslopjgaas, con templating the corpse of hpfoe; 'I have kept my word. 11? wi^a good stroke.' CHAPTEE VHIi — AlPHONSE IiXPLAIN.S. And so the fight was ended* On turn ing from this shocking scene it suddenly struck me that I had seen nothing of Alphonse since the moment, some tweniy minutes bef ere— for though tfc^i fight his taken a long while to describe it, it del not take long in reality— wheh/i had bem forced to hit him in the winjt with tfe result of nearly getting myself shot Fearing that the poor little'; man hal perished in t3ie battle I beg&n; to hurt about among the dead for. iup body, bit not being able either to see or hear any thing of it I concluded that h$!must havj survived and walked down thefoide of the kraal where we had first takexi pur stanc, calling him by name. Now sbfcne fifteei paces back from the kraal wall stood i very ancient tree of the banyan species So ancient was it that all the inside hai in tiie course of ages decayed awa^, leaving nothing but a shell of bark. ' Alphonse,' I called, as I walked dovrn the wall, ' Alphonse !' ?*Oui, monsieur,' answered a vbica 'Here am I.' Hooked round but could see nobody 'Where?' I cried. /-' ' Here am I, monsieur, hi the tree.' I looked, and there, peeking out of « hole in the trunk of the banyan about fivi feet from the ground, I saw' $ pale fact and a pair of large inuBtachiotf, one dipped short and the other aa lamentably out o: curl as the tale of a newly-whipped pug. Then for the first time I realised what 1 had suspected before — namely, that Alphonse was &n; arrant- coward. I walked up to him. ' Come out of thab hole,' I said. ? ; ; ? - 'Is it finished, monsieur?' he askel anxiously, 'quite finished?1 Ah, th« horrors I have undergone anil the prayers I have uttered !'? ', Come outj you little sbtmk,' I said, for I did not feel amiable. ' It is all over.' ' So, monsieur, then my' prayers have prevailed ? I emerge,' and he did. . As we were walking down together tc join the others who were gathered in z group by the wide entrance to the kraal, which now resembled a veritable charnel house, a Masai, who had escaped so fai and been hiding under a bush, sudden!; 'sprang up and charged furiously at us. OE went Alphonse with a howl. of terror, and after him flew the Masai bent upon doing someexecutionbeforehediedtHeBoonover took the poor little Frenchman and would have finished him there and then had I not, just as Alphonse made a last agonised double In the vain hope of avoiding the yard of steel that was flashing in his im mediate rear, managed to plant a bullet between the Elinoran's broad shoulders, which , brought matters to, a satisfactory conclusion so far as the Frenchman was concerned. But just then he tripped and fell flat, and the body of the Masai fell right on the top of , him, moving convul sively in the death struggle, .Thereupon there arose such a seiies~pf piercing howls that I concluded that before he died the savage must have managed to skewer poor. Alplionse. I ran up in a hurry and pulled the Masai off, -and there beneath him lay Alphonse covered with blood and jerking himself about like a/galvanized frog. Poor fellow! thought I, lie is. done for, and kneeling down by, him I began to search for his wound as well as ois struggles, would allow. ' Oh, the hole in my back !' he yelled. 'I am murdereU. I am dead. Oh, Annette !%J I searched again, but could see no wound. Then the truth dawned on me — the man watt frightened, not hurt. 'Get up.' I shouted, 'get up. Aren't you ashamed of yourself 2 You are not touched.' Thereupon he rose, not a penny the worse. 'But, monsieur, I thought I was,' he said apologetically. 'I did not know that I had conquered.' Then giving the body of the Masai a kick, he ejaculated triumphantly, 'Ah, dog of a black savage, thou art dead ; what vic tory 1' Thoroughly disgusted I left Alphonse to look after himself, wfftah he did by fol lowing me like a shadow, and proceeded to join the others by the large entrance. The first thing that I saw was Mackenzie seated on a stone with a handkerchief twisted rouni hia thigh, from which he was bleeding freely, having, indeed, re ceived a spear thurst' that* passed right through it, and stall holding in his hand Wb fayorite carving-knife, now covered with blood and bent nearly double, from which I gathered that he* had been suc cessful in his rough and tumble with *^e Elmoran. 'Ah, Qaatermain !' he sung out in a trembling, excited voice, 'so we have conquered ; but it is a sorry sight, a sorry sight,' and then breaking into broad Scotch and glancing at the bent knife in his hand, ' It greets me sair to hae bent my best carver on the breast-bane of a savage,' and he laughed hysterically. Poor fellow, what between his wound and the killing excitement he had undergone his nerves were much shaken, and no wonder ! It is hard upon a man of peace and kindly heart to be called upon to join in such a gruesome business. But there, fate puts us sometimes into very j ironical positions ! At the kraal entrance the scene was a strange one. The slaughter was over by now, and the wounded men had been put out of their pain, for no quarter had been given. The bush-closed entrance was trampled flat, and in places of bushes it was filled with the bodies of dead men. Dead men, everywhere1 dead men — they lay about in knots, they were flung by ones and twos' in every position upon the open spaces, for all the world like the people on the grass hi one of the London parks on a particularly hot Sunday in August. The place was a perfect shambles, dyed red with blood. In front of this entrance, on a apace which had been cleared of dead and of the shields and spears which were scattered in all direc tions as they had fallen or been thrown from the hands of their owners, stood and lay the survivors of the awful struggle, and at their feet were four wounded men. We liad gone into the fight thirty strong, and of the thirty but fifteen remained alive, and five of them(induding Mr. Mackenzie) were wounded, two mortally. Of those who held the entrance Curtis and the Zulu alone remained. Good had lost five men killed, I had lost two killed, axd Mackenzie no less than five out of the six with him. As for the survivors they were with the exception of myself, who had never come to close quarters, red from head to foot— Sir 'Henry's armor might have been painted that color — and utterly exhausted, except Umslopogaas, who, as he stood on a little mound above a heap of dead, did not seem particularly distressed, although the skin over the hole in his head palpitated violently. ' Ah, Macumazahn !' he said to me as I limped up, feeling very sick, ' I told thee that it would be a good fight, and it has. Never have I seen a better or one more bravely fought. As for this iron shirt, surely it is 'tagatl' [bewitched] ; nothing could pierce it. Had it not been for the garment I should have been there,' and he nodded towards the great pile of dead men beneath him. ' I give it thee ; thou art a gallant man,' said Sir Henry briefly. 'Koosl' answered the Zulu, deeply pleased both at the gift and the compli ment. 'Thou, too, Incubu, did3t bear thyself as a man, but I must give thee some lessons with the axe ; thou dost waste thy strength.' Just then Mackenzie asked about . Flossie, and we were all greatly relieved when one of the men said he had seen her flying towards the house with the nurse. Then bearing such of the wounded as could be moved at the moment with us, we slowly made our way towards the mission-house, spent with toil and bloodshed, but with the glorious sense of victory against over whelming odds glowing in our hearts. We had saved the life of the little maid and taught the Masai of those parts a lesson that they will not forget for ten years, but at what a cost! (To be continued.) 