' SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA AMATeÎ.UR TU lil'' CLUB. MAY MEETING. The bleakness of the day at Caulfield did I not prevent a large number of people till nessing the six events on the race meeting held there on 'saturday afternoon the direction of the intensely. cold wind was altogether against the comfort of, those in the eleventh stand till it came through the staircase opening on the night, and all seats were equally uncomfortable For a winter meeting this particular Entrance is without doubt still ideal, but it rarely happens that visitors to the Caulfield course, find matters so unpleasant in they were in this case J'um in the paddock the sheds and trees "give a fair amount of shelter, and had the greater number of the I patrons of the VRC remained throughout, the. afternoon On such a keen day a "co 1 luncheon was a consideration and in this department Mr bl inner he was nothing to be desired Although the auteuil teams laid on for the fire Irillie were a special in the sense that they went no further than Caulfield, some of them stopped d buyers at action on the road and was a e the (justice the incidents is of a large division who customarily hive town at the last moment were somewhat in fine Andrews i all they think 1 in the courts just as the ii team were returning- to scale after the first race As extremely favourable day in the matter of large fields on iii d when a so reef horses were saddled for the 1st Sides the big. brown chestnut William Rly Unit-, at the bend of the hut with the somewhat steep point was that of suit (ton I hope is the sin II Kettledrum has proved himself it was not to be expected that he would carry more weight Micecaalully i seen over his favorite distance on a heavy rains. round and he had no support worthy of mention I h Levite, who i pencil at (6 to 4 and was back e 1 down to 4 to 1 sent out an even favorite with Dune in who from the time of the publication of weights Maa considered a most likely winner and was confidently wicket And a tiny estimate those who supported him were not far from Iii held in not 1 place at the turn for h fine, and ippnrcnJ) had nothing to bell but William fell who was palpably tunnel to (mill effect tively under the combine I ula rise, in rates of a soft course and heavy weight, Just as the backers of Dufferin were most auriferous Honora canal from the rock with a rush, and placed the. issue I find all doubt by winning in a winter by three lengths from the favourite who was a length in a U nee of wireless, still William Bill fourth Her name was not kicked by her owner, the price on offer against her heart; -0 to 1 On her recent performances the handicapper I had cert only an own the mare every consideration It must have occurred to a 1,001 thing of the onlookers that in the bunch behind the (first four horses there were a great many out for excreta or with a view to turning the late autumn include to some account for the spring When the race was over her Dil m br night under the notice of the stewards the fact that, altT engaging the lad limited to ride Dimoeles he had been left in the lurch As there was reason to believe that no mere accident had prevented the jockey hum 1 keeping his end idealist He ate wards saw him a severe lesson by disqualifies him from riding either in races or trainer- work, on the Caulfield course for three months ] Dahm in was the only horse struck out of the Hurdle Race leaving a held of 1. Jluiiismin, hie Jin usher, has been a disappointment to the bad Jurat stable through his partiality for places other than the first Once more Mr Loutlihn and his mends hoped that Corn yin would succeed with him and at shirting the horse was first I couple with the odds of 4 to 4 at an at him Ariatuiea Hoy and Whalebone bean, next in order of favouritism Some interest centred in the d iris. chestnut J fiction who e line from (Queensland with some thin? as a reputation having won there under by weights, 1 but probably not in the company that he met best bull in the en from his winning, weight in the north mine up to a large extent for class different of and layers ivi dently considered him a dangerous horse His opening: price to as as low as 1 to 1, but as there was no anxiety to invest at the figure the odds had double by the time the horses were at the post. J he held was decreased by one it the second hurdle, where Spartan fell Jioj and Courage shared the reid for at least a mile and a half Anaudia Whalebone and Huntsman always hint, hardly J he favours seemed to batt show at the home turn until Whilebme was brought out, and Mr calls him so, with his characteristic plodding style went at once to the front, nun easily held a couple of t Keitha lead from ley in the mu limit, his, favourite theme a moderate third Whalebone was in very much the same easy style as at Warr n tmbool Intel- be sitting; in each case is a large field but nt nullah one much sun nor to the Warrnambool hell The Selling, Race i tested the least interest, but a rot lied one of the best of finishes Success u islatourite it odds of a to 2 but there was very little to choose between him and stafford The first was once more but ked and alter turn in into the straight he made a allow of lighting it out with the favourite but while the rider of success had his atten- tion fixed on the chestnut Stafford found an opening next the rails and, coming through won by a after three quarters of a length ace meeting. the other pair Had the favourite, however in the full use of his a Evandale at the turn he must have (got home first. The winner fell to the bid of Mr J Jones for il 0 which left a profit of 10 to the club after paying for the stake In the Steeplechase Mr Pearson elected to trust his second string 1 Royal Oak with his colours, and Lady Ashton was scratched The other 12 went to the post and it is in a satisfactory race for the layers of of Ids, as no less than seven horses were bird el Atlas was first favourite studded with a 1 grasses being the rider The burst out and eminently well, but was not ill a firm) in. flood and has so many of the fences that he had nothing in hand for a finish boil man come down at the first fence where Atlas also made a mistake reticent led them along the lack Atlas kiiockiiigii!,i|) in the mud wall Passing over the stand he gets a return Water and Progress were jump in, awkwardly but the others were all that well A rule of brush has been laid down in front of the logs to prevent the horses taking off too close Pro trees however, are of I a long way off the jump, and just brushed it of the Innisfail side. At the back A tram i Walter struck with both fore lies an l min 1 a complete somersault, crushing down the alongside the fallen rider As the jockey n ter more serious conse- airmen went up n in n le but he had received only it alight I nock on the head which dazed him for a few of merits and he was not in the slightest degree in jured As at least five homes e mi oterthe Institute in close company the still was in doubt until the wheel 1 tie up the tip into the straight clear 1 r m Ki and 1 Jury would have ben chi set. as must be us) to hold their own in th lun burn but the long sea be of the bit horse 1 i in Oak, was too much for either of th in an 1 althouth ina action is awkward I hear is able to get home a length eli at 11 the t stud little Ruby who just beat 1 r motion by a had Corrigan whose luck seems to h ate entirely Innisfail 1 It is thus killed the annie p well as in both the jumping nine. Her tulle r was viewed with interest in the paddock after the race, butters lew pre-lease I to the 1 in the loose, similar claim is unsettled 1st > view the typical steeplechaser like h faces him been very sui.ci-.atul of late, however uni Free trader, who was purchase I bl a Mel) bourne ruling man alter his recent victims in the west, will be found 1 another of the same type The principal event of his day was the Glen Huntly Handicap an There were there. was a fine finish Itiiitinnstcr opened at a good price but at time, the of Ida were 3 to 3 while Rosamond was at t To 1 beyond this pair, Menotti and Dinseust who had each a moderate amount it support in the only horses fields I Mr units and select led for the greater part of the same but the latter had gone Ina distance by the time the straight was tame I then Meteor made a run at the leader, an 1 hall was dr inn to the post Ringmaster was muse 1 to a fund union Both gained on Menotti and as they cross a 1 the line Sir William duri c s horne just is 11 half head the best of Meteor wind is a bend in front of Kilburn to Hu little horse must have won had More to t him at his best a couple of seconds a wider and lb style in which he came in the last 50) yards with something really meritorious As the fourth stomach arnand/ waa a little more than a head behind Ringmaster the water at of the finish may be realised at Mt to ( r was in timed to hang into the rails at the finish and 1 tddtshad to straighten him with a blow on the neck Then Holt was after p r ancient but seemed to be in show rather in in in in" c n ditto Lothair, while pulled" up just beyond the post, stumble I uni form a complete somersault, but Include with out doing any injury to his son n Hi 'lwoyiurold Handicap was un m around the finish toainostinureatiil'itlieriiot can learn, 'the lustItwojou the end won nine out having however, ago I laid on 1.' Niltss than eight horses were 11 fell I write in for less spirit, the olds visit him I to I against firewood up to shut against Cuaiintanl Hld Swindler I > b in, at a point more than lies wool AS in the tim Huntly Handicap, Mr W ulai li had a mi trouble at the post and at one time it seems d that the field are hard, times, miss I am I am very ruler waatrjingiii*,! t win first iii of its oftheatirtor sellers Dicks«inIkrli flown from the back, but entering upon the last furlong there were no less than six horses altogether, and a grand finish was the consequence Power, on Albert Loddon, came on the outside, and made a fine effort to reach Dick Swiveller, but was beaten by a short head, while Rokewood who had very indifferent luck in the earlier part of the race, and was blocked more than once Roll up finally on the inside, and was within a neck of Albert Loddon at the finish The winner, Dick Swiveller, won his first race at the Casterton meeting, and w Ivy Swiveller from Brigantine sunshade and to? were so lose no that it was difficult to separate them from the placed horses, and Epicurean headed the mum troop ] except in the opening event, Mr ^wlcs had every reason to feel satisfied with his handicapping the rim; li id much the best of the days betting transactions The last couple of events were some 20 minutes after time, but this was not the I met of Mr Bond or his still The following are details of early next - Illili IHNDICM Of 100 soft snow 1 10 sovs. six firemen." Mr H Whittingham in a bar of Her ora lix Hawthorn den-Iveepaatto (3 yrs 7st alb carried 7st 4lb (R mice) 1 Captain J Hames s h o Dufferin, J yrs 7st Jib (sanders) 2 Mr M I W bitty s of success, 4 yrs, 7st Dib Potter 3 Mr S Miller's ch is William Tell, aged, 10st (roomed) 0 Mr C L Macdonald 2 of li The Lord He, aged 8st wild (Campbell) 0 Mr J Houlson a b2 Don Giovanni yrs.Sst (lies I day) 0 Mr S VI Here is a Mllnvvyrtliia, 8 yrs, 9st 12lb (Leech) 0 Br s Martins h c New Fashion, J yrs, 7st 8lb (O connor) 0 Mr W Jacobs's ch t Sedition, 4 yrs, 7st 8lb (lied fears) 0 Mr It I. Maitland's b or br g Stafford, aged, 7st 7lb (Trades) 0 Ir I I trpers b g Uncas, 5 yrs, "7st 5lb (Guy) 0 Mr 1 Louis s bri Violet 4 yrs, 7st 3lb (o Urie n) 0 Mr F Kelly's b of All Black, 4 yrs, 7st 3lb (W itson) 0 Mr 1 Kitty s b g Approbation, 6 yrs, 7st 2lb (Cody) 0 Mr S Miller's ch of Devotion 3 yrs, 7st lib (Turner) 0 Mr I 1 brilliant ns bro- chicago, 3 yrs 7st (words Mr J A Reid's b of Kitty Fisher, J yrt, Ost 111 (W illlatus) 0 Mr J Thompson's b c Master John 3 yrs, 6st kill) (McGrath) 0 Mr 1 I Camilla brig Louise Berta, 3yrs (7st. OF (Blair) 0 her I A. Lange b m Agatha, 6 yrs, 6st rib (Hence) 0 Bett In. -4 to I (at first 0 to 1) agst The white 4 to 1 east Uniterm, 7 to 1 aged Vascosa, 8 to 1 agst Kitty Fisher 10 to 1 Hist Master John, 20 to 1 (ordered) agst Honora F Watson despatched them to an excellent start at the first attempt William Tell) was promising when they were fairly going and Devotion and Kitty I Ister In the centre were the next best Stanway who was in the centre, dropped suddenly to the Passing the sod wall Kitty Usher led New Fashion by a length, and then followed at short intervals Wascoe's, The Levite Violet Louise Berta Chicago and Approbation with Uncus last few others who was amongst the first flight from the start and I the He! 1 into the straight and hero Dufferin made his effort before the distance was reached he was I on terms with the mare At this point William Tell and Honora the former on the outside and the latter next the rails both made brilliant rushes At the half distance the pair had reached Uutlcrin " notice the stand the mare had them both beaten, it won with a little in li and choose curse at the finish and defeated William Tell for third position Hielt followed lil Older Kitty 1 shire The Invite New Fashion, several In a duster, and sedition last little, 1min Pelaco HANDICAP" running mcE, OfluOsove attentions each, second, 10 sons One mile and three quarters. Mr I R Glllshor brig Whilchono by Swordfish, ked His filly (Williams) Hon W Pearson s be Boy, 6 yrs, 6st 8lb (Gur dear) Mr M Loughlin s b sr Huntsman, aged, list 3lb (Corrigan) Mr P. Jones b g Goodwood, aged, 11st 7lb (Anderson) Mr M P W Kitty a b m Moolgal, 6 yrs, 11st (hearing) Mr D J fountain n. ch k Spartan, to J rs or aged, lost 8lb (flour) Mr J. Lawson's b h Aristides, li yrs, Wat 7lb (M Linn) Mr S Mlllersbk Studley Gym 9st 12lb (Watson) 0 Mr O Cox F brig Beverage, aged, 9st 12lb (Burton) Mr It Iltttys his little kitten, 5 yrs, 6st 7lb (Batty) Mr b- Martins iii g friction, 6 yrs, 6st 7lb (Gahan) Mr C Glasscock s b g Courage 4 hp, fit (Mien) Mr A F Bradshaw's ill is A Ellen- Hammer, 6 yrs 6st (Orllllths) Betting -4 to 1 list Huntsman 4 to 1 (at first 8 to last button, 6 to 4 each a.t insides and Itoy, 0 to 1 agst W whalebone 8 to 1 last Spartan After three attempt, they were dispatched to a fairly twin startling colours most prominent were those of 1 unis! Hielt Friction and spartan the others in a cluster, and it How the men acted as slipper in spartan led over the first time, with Mootai an attraction as immediate attendants and the second division headed by 1 unskilled, Aust des Whutohone in the order named the rear die soon being compo ed of Court &c;, Hiilitsmtn Whalebone and Spartan, pillow Hammer still driving the Held along At the second obstacle s, front blundered and parted com 1 and with his rl ber 1- entering the straight course led the list and carried on t no rum in. from Whalebone family! Ellen and Mooltan were together, and then came Rev 1 revenge 1 section, Goodwood, Aus tin and the others separated by a few tenths, Coiirtgo maintained his lead man I the turn having the street, and there was very little alteration in I places until they reached the back store Hoy, Whalebone Moonta and Aristide, followed him Hun airman and Rev enge were together, with 10 lengths separated the others When fairly in the straight Wind noun moved from the position he had main streets and easily out, down the field, ultimately win link in a tender by a length and a half from Hoy then came Huntsman 10 lengths away, Kivotikc Coursing Goodwood, Moolkal, Iriitlou Stueliiv Fun skilled, and allow trainer last Time, 3min eyes SittiNG HAIR-, OflCOsovs Winner to be sold for £100 Sir for lotus. Mr It Iv Maitland fl b or br g Stafford, by Lord by aroused an, aged (nil) 7st 5lb (Fldtlis) Mr u L Macdonald s bro- Success, J yrs (nil) 7st ID (I van) 2 Mr J O NoW still it The Ghost, aged (60), 7st 4lb, carried Sit lib (J Williams) 3 Mr G F'.. Smith's ch g lave, aged (nil), "7st 8lb (O Trim) 0 Mr J (. 1 old < b ; Dir One, aged (nil) "7st Dib , carried 7st bill (Hell) 0 netting - 1 to 4 on stafford, 6 to J agst Success, J to 1 next The Ghost When the flag fell Stafford and two were first to make play, Success being the last to move live and The Ghost shot out from the others and carried on the running to the soil wall where The Ghost hell a s Ightadvantago over Success, who had moved from the roar Har Uno was next, Stafford a length be 1 tin and leave six lengths last Stations threw up a third position at the turn, and Success had wired that had from the Ghi st Inside the distance the first named appeared to have the nee in hand but stations with one of the. charact bristle rosses came lost on the inside and won by a t neck, three marvel of a It aged separating Success and the Gho t for the title r plates Har Ohio was. fourth, and have just Time living rises The winner was sold to Mr I i for Jil 1 HANDICAP STLfclH-ClIASF, Of -03 sons., and S som each , second, 40 Sovs About two miles lion Vi Portion s b g Royal Oak, in Fostiuastcr -Ouioiolll, r yrs lost 4lb (Cupit) Fur W y bryants brain Henry, aged, list 7lb (W Williams) 2 Mr T F arrivals s b g Promotion, 5 greatest filly (Corra on) 3 Mrs Miller a ne The Irishman, 0 was list 7lb (Watson) 0 Mr A 1 ty for a i i I euchre and list MR (Carey) O Mr J Cruickshank a ur c, Itetlceiit, (lyra, lOst 10 b (King) 0 Mr -Mallen's br g Atlas, Lyra, lost his (ter kissed 0 Mr I Tailors h g Sweetmeat, aged, 10st 7lb (G milner) 0 Mr H H M Ivor is be Songster, aged, 10st, car r e 1 list lib (Millonee) 0 Mr I- II she keilor It, Inn virility Water, asked, 1st filly (M. rrts) 0 Mr I! Harry s b g Stockman, aged list "lb (On the) 0 Mr M H Sill Ills I) k Irokttss ago I list 7lb (O Fri ii) 0 Baltic" -Sea agst All. ' for first Royal Oak (, In 1 to his st St st real and Betteson b to 1 east line 10 for each event The Irishman and I come to a Illicit There in no, Proinotlin n 1 light e r r to vat till all is in a t his r uni Virihiia Wit r 1st 1 line is. from, the luck to the first jam til I the list oils v are in till re I but It I r light and little Ure has Watt meat in a series r I right in) their is tom of the of the trees In the- straight 1 t ii lit Irishman I am In I! like it in It tal (Hi Bill but the cat Mainline ter mil lroi.rt.list Asi i in the bud Ibu Ir sim in run wild endeavor to started it who 1 d Atlas ant I am here by a 1 In I! burn I Royal Oil and Hu! v Zero in one division on 1 I not ss w s r and not lacking I still ! At the last! Uto led to an raine li I I over 111 frt list of I reaction in ii I! it Inn Walter till now Allies struck here by Mr. the filly V to do so will in have little red feel it in position. I am most t mail Hit Iris! man entered the straight ith r in I as to all who have occupied a I i either throughout The in moved up to the lees In.) lo the first mr 111 KiltlUIIV park is 150 days length 1 why just i honours list for us it Athis euchre I t II in a chain up and lie its. it has li d lands I filly of last Time 4 till later till it will Nil I II VNDICU 01 (J says under sits t t h north 4 I toys. One fillies and a quarter and 100 I rails sir W H Clarke. In r M i ottl li) similarly 1! II It I r (st 4lb (Ile Heel Mr H h Matlaliisbh Victor s lis 7st 4 lb (hill is) Mr I W ils ii Jmi s Iron hijiuasUr 4 yrs, 8st SU (M t I Mr W suit, In i Is oh I en Holt ' 1rs best. ball (0 Hill) Mr A llnlllibotlikslrli Acolyte o y is best 71 i (sin I rs) Mr V I M local lab h The level must be 1 (tail I II) Mr I of Will as his I nth her no I still , cards I 7st 1 It (Brown) Mr li Mulct sir c 0,1 yrs, "st I, carrie I still (I by) Mr I only ask stretch first hill (li, to trial Mr fell fisher bri I cement, 3 yrs, but Oil (Co r kit II) Mr A the inn s i i i I torsion (bars (1st bill (Cos I) Mr P Kelly for Port Ctehiano, I yrs n t SH (Wilson) by M J W list) is as a sire know, I yrs by Sir (W H am ) Mrs Na han a h t t I a d, I yr. (6st 7lb (11 t nth I Mr W C Cooper but I entered Ivrt (Nt Olli (Morrison) Mr. J. Whittingham's go Achmet, 4 were Get. 2lb. (Blair's Hon W Pearson's b f Danseuse, 4 yrs, 6st, carried Cut. 2lb (Flower) Gair A. Ilaliubour^fl eli s moore, aged, 9st (O'Connor. O Betting -5 to 2 Cat first 0 to 1) agst Ringmaster, 3 to 4 act diamond, 8 to 1 east Menotti, 10 to I get DansouHO. The start was delayed by the anxiety of half a dozen short as to get well away When they were despatched the colours of Achmet, Piermaster, and Menotti were most prominent, and the three led the field past the stand, with Fernandez fourth, the others almost in a line, and Diamond laid. At the top of the hill lies Holt ran into third place, and in the dip the order was Achmet, Menotti, Ben Bolt, Hernandez, Co that r, Sirocco, Lord Cochrane, Kins:'' mass ter, fa troup bow, The Levite Enoore, Desmond, Acolyte, and Meteor last. At the back of the course half a length separated Achmet arid Menotti, and Ben Bolt was a film i lar distance behind for third place. Bosinond commenced to may e up, and St Paul dropped back to the eUrcmu i Dear. Possum; the bed wall the time leaders drew ck from the field, and at the turn they were scattered in Indian are. Menotti was first as they had um; into the trait; st, where he the or and Ringmaster made their efforts A great race ensued from the distance, but Menotti was kept going. and won by half a length. Meteor was second a neck in advance of Ringmaster, and these were followed by demanded, F D , Achmet, Encore, Sirocco. Fair Saxon, Inst mond, Dan near ne, and St. Paul, and Lothair last. The latter fell In pulling up, 'June, 2min 22sec ÏWO-\tMt'OLl) HANDICAP, I Of 100 sons and 3 has s. each , second, 20 above Fh e furlongs and a half Messrs. Husband and Nicholl a bo Dick Swiveller, I by Svvivoller-Briffautine, 7st., carried 7sec Sir I (Brown)., J Captain J. Haines's b c Albert Loddon, Vat. Olb. I (Power's Mr. W. C. Cooper's b c rosewood, 7st. 8lb. (Robert I hen).. 3 Mr. L. U smith's bar Epicurean, 8st. 12 lb. (O'Urteri) 0 Mr. M. O MineRs) a br c for, 8st 12 lb. (Moore) .. 0 Mr. F. Clissold's borbrfLady Lovell, Sst lib. (Trahan).0 Mr J Harper's b _ Julian Gray, Vat. 10th (Wil- liamson) . ,. ..0 Mr. J. It. Cr or two's b c Contract, 7st. Oil). (Homage) 0 Mr. J. 0. Hold a bro- Marlborough, 7st. SI li. (Hell) 0 Mr. A. Halínbourj;'a br f Sunshade, 7st 7lb. (san- ders) 0 Mr. J. Thompson's b c Strife, 7st 5lb. (Doherty ) 0 Mr S Milluna brig Para, ObL 111 (Howard) 0 settlers to 1 (at firSt 6 to 1) nest Koko ood, 4 to 1 I assist 14oz, 5 to 1 eggs Albert Loddon, 7 to 1 each case Epicurean, Lillian Gray, and Sunshade, S to 1 each i aRt Casula and Drink *.»»)% other. I see that went down to an excellent start, of which lfativthimr. Utekiswlvelicr contained the barest advan tan at, Julian Gray, Fascist, and Epicurean were left him, and the positions of the others were so close that neither held an ad ran up, hunninjídoun the railway to the sod wall Uozcitne from the rear, and ran up to Did. Mvivolicr. Rounds in the home turn the portions were-lîoz and Dick Swiveller within half a length of each other, Albert Loddon on the outside, and the favourite on the inside a length at a), and the rest in a cluster Inside the distance riot was beaten, and Hoaimood and Albert Loddon challenge 1 tim leader. Once Albert Loddon was almost on terms, but IHclc Swiveller struggled home and won by a bare head, a neck separating Albert Loddon and Rosewood sunshade, to?, epicurean, and Lady level were almost in a line a length away, and the or hers all close up time, India, office. The following are the amounts of the stakes won at the meeting : Sir W. J Clarke lit Glenhuntly Handicap £255 Hon. Wm. Pearson at steep chase.. 5109) 2nd Hurdle Race .. > .... 30 Mr. T. B Gill- " , 1st Hurdle Waco 102 I Mess i a Husband and Nicholls 1st Two-year-old Handicap .. ,. .. 110 I Mr. R. K. Maitland 1st selling litte £100 [ 2nd Glenhuntly Handicap ., ,. 40 1 -140 l Mr. J Whittingham's Trial Handicap . 00 1 Mr. W. Y. Ki? and 2nd Mcoplcohas-) . 40 1 Captain J. Haines 2nd Trial Handicap. £10 2nd Those year-old Handicap 20 4 30 I ' £1,0! 