Br vities. The trainer of a marquis in England has been disqualified for life by the Jockey Club. Trickett is jubilant at the prospect of a race With lTn.Ti1a.Ti A manager of a bank at Toowoomba (Q.) has ieen horsewhipped. In the second of the International Yacht races, $fc the half-way - the Volunteer was leading by a fuie. Too much canvas on the Thistle. Alexander Campbell is returning to Australia. Another celebrated devine refuBes to leave the aid country for the Scots Church, Melbourne. He has taken warning from Dr. . Cameron Lees. Belvoirina won the Flying Handicap at Canter bury. Agnes won the Park Stakes. A sudden break-up came to-day at the Coal mines Conference at Newcastle. The American yacht won the race. The Agent-General for Tasmania returns to his island home on November 4. Mr. Kingsmill, late postmaster at Coouamble, left to-day, and a large number of persons were present to bid him farewell. Frolic won the October Handicap. The flagellator of a bank official at Toowoomba (Q.) had to pay £A at the. police court for his outing. Captain Hummel, of the barque Wistaria, has had his sea-going certificate suspended by the Marine Board at Brisbane. Walter Cressy has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment in Tamworth Gaol for indecently assaulting his daughter. The trial throughout was a painfnl scene. In connection with the loss of the barque Wis taria, the Marine Board at Brisbane will test the mate's competency before dealing with his certi ficate. The quarters revenue returns for Queensland will not be complete until Monday. They are reported to be most satisfactory. Le Prix won the Disposal Stakes. The passengers on board the steamers Maranoa and Flinders, in quarantine at Melbourne, are not to be landed, but will be made as comfortable as posible on board the vessels. Amid the general sorrow regarding the sad fate of the victims of the Botany Bay fatality, the un tiring and protracted labors of the members of the police force at Newtown and Kogarah should not be overlooked. A verdict of accidentally drowned was re turned at the inquest on the body of the gunner, Frank Barbour, who met his death in Botany Bay on Saturday last. On Monday next the Minister of Works and the Minister of Mines will visit the reclamation works at Cook's River. A supposed ghost, which has been seen at Oxley, near Hay, threw stones at some rabitters, although there are no stones within 100 miles of the place. A ewe at Hay gave birth to a lamb on June 29, which did well, and on September 29 the same ewe gave birth to two more lambs. They are all alive. Freetrade is killing us. So the protectionists eay. But our revenue has risen to £8,188,148 during the year. The quarter just ended we have an increase of .£204,139 as against the Victorian increase of £155.652. Only £25,000 this year to the revenue from ?? tanglefoot.' Our railways show sin increase revenue of nearly £30,000. Our m final revenue shows an increase of £626,376. Another attempt to wreck a train is reported from Melbourne. Looks like a design against the Governor. A young man named Thurle, a rabiter, near Eay, has died under very curious circumstances. The Loyal Orange Benefit Society have gone for a picnic this afternoon to Chowder. The Sydney bakers have started oS to Clontarf for a day's amusement. A clerk in the office of the Master in Lunacy's office, Victoria, has been placed in the Eew Afiylum owing to mental derangement, A Sjnd-heabtbd Cabbt.— A widow and her child were following the body of her husband to Its last resting-place, on foot, along one of the ' the streets of this city, being probably .enable to afford a cab, when ?cabman drove .past, took in the situation at a glance, told the \- mourners to get into bis cab, and he followed the hearse. A gentleman who was pasoing at the time followed behind at a distance, and after the \- sffalr was over, went up to the cabby, and tried to induce him to accept 6s for tills Kind action. ''Noi mr,J replied the cabman; 'I do not 'want ' it. When I can do a kind action for anyone I do it.' A Boon.— The residents of Tuaks Ward, St. \- Leonards will so doubt be gratified to leant that the postal authorities, having adopted a sugges tion of Mr. W. J. M'Leod's (Middle Harbor), have notified that-on and alter October 1 (to-day), the ' present post' offices on Military-road will be abolished and receivers placed there, to be cleared . twice a day, arid all- letters delivered every morn* ing by a mounted carrier. . a. NEW DI6C0VEET. Hoffman's Eucalystol {mixture and injection) positively . .core* all urinal and kidney complaints and discharges infliunm&tion;, crarel, lnmburo (pains in the back), 4c, Purely refutable, contains mo haiaam (paibo) or sandal, wood. All principal druggeots and »torekeeper». Price, ,S»«dtnd8a6d. like no substitute.— *JHT. Teotfc painlenly extracted under nitrons oxide ni daily. Marshall Brothers, dentists, 183, Elisabeth 