THE ESSAYIST. CHRISTMAS. ' By every gush ot pure desire, And high-breath'd hope ot joys above, By every secret sigh we heave, - ■ Whole years ot folly we outline .. I In His unerring eight who - measures life by Love." —Kbblb. 1 The epoch that marks the flight of time awes for a moment, like .the wholesome thunder that scatters the germs of pesti lence, but while it dissipates frivolity, it invites to meditation, and recalls us to healthful seriousness and a modesty that is not despair. Another year hah passed over us, and, however linked by memory with the past, we feel that we are no longer the same. | What is it that lives, in the true Bense of the ] word 7 Is it not the mind)' I heave no sigh ftt tllft Himarfiiwr* *• ..... V..W vipouiy iiuiH ttUU spontaneous rapidity of association, nor of Fancy's illusive dreams, but am saddened ■when Experience thRt brings with it clear- j ness of judgment takes its state.as astern Rhadamanthus of the past Yet, if the real and trne' meter of life's length be not years, but tbe number, and quality of our ideas—if that which is wil/tin rales and Bways that which is without—it' the epoch itself tends to place us in apposition with Him whose Bight is un erring, and who measures life by love, surely tiie clear purged eye that discerns the murky fogs and storms left behind us.should be thankfully regarded as a pledge of tbe pure mental atmosphere we now are enabled to inhale. I aee past errors and follies, and feel another, yet the same. My highest breath'd i hopes of an enlightened hereafter are to be myself, but very much improved. And if now we are bidden to feel in Bight of Him, who measures life not by intellect but by love, who, to cite the emotional words of Lord Glenelg— " Heals our griefs, who calms our fears, Who counts and treasures up our tears," we may hope, through llim, to outlive whole years ot folly. " Just law, indeed, but, more exceeding love," as well says our own Milton. - Light aad bright is the smile of Nature on the Australian Christmas. .Au enthusiastic friend, long since departed, never so happy as when exploding any time-honoured tradi tion or prejudice, was wont to say, " Tell me not of ' lireside comfort,' sir; you may not hope for perfect comfort, save in a land wherein fireside crooning is un known. There the llower sheds its per fume to the Btars, making night's blue radiance holy, and the statue in tiie open air untarnished by murky vapours can assume beneath the shadows of the advancing sua , every variety of human expression." Our Christmas is a feast of fruits and flowers, not I of " roasted crabs hissing in tiie bowl," &c.; Yet, brightest of its wreaths is that of charity and beneficence with which the page of our daily journals is adorned. Let the pauper bask in the light of Christmas, let the asylum enjoy a brief festivity, and let flowers breathe love and joy to the inmates of the hospital. So pleads the seraph Sympathy to those who know true happi ness ; wealth, even when piloted by taste, cannot gladden the soul without the altruism that multiplies around us a hundred fold tbe joys that wealth can command. lne germ of the traditional custom of Christmas gifts may be found in the first discourse of Him whose nativity we are cele brating in Nazareth, where He had been brought up. The details are placed graphic ally before us. tie stands up in the synagogue to read. The book of Isaiah is delivered to bim by the deacon. " The spirit of the Lord is upon me, because He hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; hath sent me to heal the broken-hearted, give sight to the blind, &c.;, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord." He closes the book, gives it back to tbe minister, and sits down. And after wards,the opening words of Hisfirst discourse to tiie multitude on the plain are a blessing ! oil the poor, followed by an exhortation to the rich—"Give" (Luke iv. and vi.). Hence by habit, based on tradition, many or ail right-minded persons are prompted at this season to give to the poor, the aged, the helpless, to discern their wants and to heed nought else, to ignore their demerits and try to shed over their ead lives a ray of light and a short hour of comfort, perhaps a hope of a happy future. Let even prudence admit an exceptional relaxation of her austerity. I beg to offer the right hand of fellowship, to Mr. Campbell ; my blessing goes with him every inch of tire way of his generous mission to promote the diffusion of tobacco in the Immigrants' Home and the benevolent Asylum, &c.; Let not our poorer brethren want what trilling aolace we can proffer to the failure of hope in the hearts of the friendless. The Nativity falls thiB year on the day of the Festival of the Resurrection. Both are feast days in the eye of reason and in that of the Church—a kind of faux-jour of festivity. Yet, strange to say, the fanaticism of some would keep both in a gloomy fast No honest rejoiciug, no joy-fraught visits to hill side, woodland, or ocean's boundless smile, no breeze fresh from the very cope of Heaven to fan the weary brow and quicken the sluggish fluids, no blithe sound of child hood's pure gaiety would tbey allow, but the gloom and horror in which they enshroud Sunday is unredeemable,even tbough Christ mas combine with it to bring " glad tidings and joy." I confess myself nnable to trace the con nection between fasting and devotion. I do not mean to decry occasional fasting for sanitary or disciplinal reasons, and I deem it wiser to obey than to force, Nature. _ Bat I dissent from all open, stated, meritorious' fastingswithout regard to the age, life, and health of the subject. Mark, if you choose, the day by the absence ot indulgence, but the regular wants of Nature, the fluids, gastric juice,and nerve centres,&c.;,assert themselves, disregarding almanac and calendar, and all agree in the vital importance of the " keep when young." The ordinary meal of a self respecting man, much more of a thinking Christian—ot him who, during the feast, is conscious and appreciative of evening re sponsibilities, of future study, business, or meditation—is such as would have been pro nounced, in the reign of Tiberius, of Nero, or of Claudius—nay, perhaps even by the first Ctesar—to be " a fast" Be there, then, the predominance of mind, sell- respect, and duty over appetite and Bense; be there abiding eetiBe of congruity and decorum, and you Imve the " fast" of a wise philosopher. But away with the sullen and sallow joylessness of Howler and DamnmalL , 1 I acknowledge with a sigh the inevitable fact that 25 per cent of citizens must break , the fourth commandment in order that it may be kept by the remaining 75. Clergy, | choir, church-servants, policemen, &c.;, prove l the cautious moderation of such estimate, i All these, together with organists _ and blowers, earn on that day a merited stipend Oiowera, cam uu , „ by responsible labour; it is necessary and in evitable; On snltry days, my ear, tortured ' to the monotonous bells, is saddened by mV I pity vfgr thp laborious tugginga by aged' men at the ropes. It is a barbarism. We need no bell to summon us to the opera; for we live in an age ol clocks and watches. The engine-driyhrs of the railcars must rank with the bell-ringers, with whom I could well dis pense. The day must come when bell-ringing shall, cease. Yet a religious journal Is pathetic over the railway, yet tolerant of the other needless drudgery, which pleases none, but tortures some, for I find that I have not a lew ieilow- Buffere'TB. ' The r&ilcar; functionary is open to the cheery consciousness that he is ministering to the health and recreation of hundreds on the one sole day on which the enjoyment of kind Nature's soothing in fluences and the inhaling of pure air is possible to them, but the wretched old bell ringer, bending and straining his withered hack, especially during this weather, on the "day or rest," is a superfluous mockery. Yet the time-honoured barbarism is blindly cherished and true philosophy derided, though sanctioned by humanity. Air, exercise, and recreation are fully as necessary to the human animal as food or sleep. They are to the city artisan rest, Sabbalfi. llowler would substitute tor them the gloomy monotony that impairs health, Bours the temper, and embitters the life it shortens. Voluntary exercise is as necessary on Sunday as on week-days, especially to the I sedentary artificer. I have lived in places, blest with prosperity, wberein to be seen on horseback on Sunday was to be pronounced an atheist by oracular tea-table coteries. Yet wherefore should we doom the noble slave given to. us by our Heavenly Father to a torture that is not rest 1 He needs a breath ing, no less than does his owner. Perhaps the groom pleads for him. I can never admit ' that voluntary exercise and healthiul recrea-j lion can be classed in tbe category of mer cenary labour. What is true of the railcar is also true of the Public Library and Museum, llow many hundreds of working men can derive from them rational enjoyment, useful information, and profitable instruction. And by what sacrifice? The hire ot half-a-dozen Jews and a boy, aud tbe " teiiing-ofi."" of one j policeman. | The bright sun of an Australian Christmas j ought to be propitious to the dissipation of | all barren and baseless superstitions, avid1 tbe extirpation of errors inimical to our nature and happiness, bo thought bhaks pcare of this blessed season. •' Whether in sea or fire, in earth or air. The extravagant and erring spirit hies To his confine." " Ever 'gainst that season comes Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrate J, This bird of dawning singetn ali uUht long ; piri And then they say no spirit dare walk abroad. The nights are wholesome; then no planets strike. Mo fairy talcs, no witch hath power to eliarm, So hallowed and so gracious is the time." Milton's loving admiration of Shakspeare is known to every student The above lines from "Hamlet" must have been resounding in his memory their sweet aud noble cadences, when he thus wound up his glorious immortal ode on the Morning of the Nativity, " So when the sun in bnd, Curtained with cloudy red, Pillows his chin upon an orient wave, The flocking shadows pale Troop to the infernal jail. Each fetter'd ghost slips to his soveral grave, And the ycllow-skirted.tays Joy after the night-steeds, leaving their moon lov'd maze." Milton expands the idea of which in Shakspeare he found the germ, in its every traditional detail. 1 refer the reader to the , stanzas from I " King out ye crystal spheres," &c.; And the inspired lines " speckled vanity will sicken aud die, leprous sin melt from earthly mould, and Hell i'self shall pass away." Who doubts that Milton was in ad vance of his age—perhaps even of ours ? He concludes with "tne oracles are dumb," " the Lars and Lemures moan," and sees the downfall of Baal, Ashtaroth, and Thammuz in that birth before which "the star-led wizard" bowed. Let us, then, while enjoying and diffusing the blessings of freedom and bounteous Nature, keep Christmas by opening our hearts to the sunlight of truth, and the scorn of narrow bigotry and superstition, and while Nature smiles around us, add to its joys that of beboldinjr happy faces. Light and philosophy can sway, guide, aud temper life on earth, but love, perdurable aud im mortal, is the key to the universe. 