Humour. The chemist is the readiest of men. He alway has a retort. One who takes lots of interest in his business—the pawnbroker. Why is life the greatest conundrum? Because all are compelled to give it up. A lodging-house keeper advertises " board for two gentlemen with gas." What tree represents a person who per sists in incurring debts ? Willow (will owe). A gentleman who spoke of having been struck by a lady's beauty, was advised to kiss the rod. Would a botanist classify the Ghost in " Hamlet" as a species of night shade !" A bed of gold is a mine of wealth ; but a boy whose father is very rich is a minor of wealth. " How is the market, neighbour ?" " Very quiet." " Anything doing in cheese?" "Hot a mite." This life's contradictions are many. Salt water gives us fresh fish, and hot words produce a coolness. A practical joker ought to be the best of auctioneers—judging by his success in selling his friends. Home Tooke being aBked by George the Third whether he played at cards, re plied, " No, your Majesty ; the fact is, I cannot tell a king from a knave." A sentimental gentleman intends to pe tition Parliament for a grant to improve the channels of affection, so that hence forth the " course of true love may run smooth." " Sare," said a Frenchman, wishing to display his knowledge of the English lan guage, " did it rain to-morrow ?" " Yes, sare," was the equally bombastic reply: "yes, sare; itvos." " Her father is a pirate ?" " Aw, ya-as." " Why, what are you talking about? Old Pinfeather is no pirate." " Why—-aw—ya-as. He's a regular free booter. That's the reaBbn -that I left off off going to her house."' " What is more awful to contemplate," said a lecturer, glaring about him, " than the relentless power of the Maelstrom ?'' A hen-pecked looking man in the rear of the building softly replied, "The fe malestrom." Robinson (after a long whist bout at the club): " It's awfully late, Brown. What will you say to your wife ?" Brown (in a whisper) : " Qh, I sha'n't say. much, you know; ' Good morning, dear !' or something of that sort. She'll say the rest!" " Eat your bread, Charles—do not fling it away," said a learned barrister to one of his family the other day ; adding, " for who knows; in the vicissitudes of this life, if you may not some day want it?" The old gentleman had to cough, look learned, and go away, when his youngest an swered, more logically than his parent, " If I eat it, how can I have it when I want it ?" Some years ago a lady iii Glasgow en gaged a domestic servant from the High lands. ' In -the evening the lady wanted supper brought in, so she rung the bell. Getting no answer, she repeated the sum mons, but with the same effect. She then proceeded to the kitchen, where, to her amazement, she found her servant almost convulsed with laughter. She pointed to the bell,'and exclaimed, " As cure's I leeve, I never touched it; an'if a a-waggin' yet" 