ROMANIST SPITE SELF-EXPOSED. We are accustomed to the soft words of Romanists to Protestants, when com mending their liberality to Romish Mis sions,. Convents, and Churches : and we have not unfrequently been rated for bigotry when we reminded the said Pro testants that the real feelings of the \- church authorities were very different from those professed in such halcyon out pourings. It has been vainly pointed out that the authoritative declarations of that church positively forbid and anathematise those spurious benedictions, and down to the latest, consign those foolish Protestants to Hell, notwithstanding their welcome assistance. There is a certain temporary convenience in thanking the kind and liberal members of other "denominations," like the Chinese pirates who politely plun der the ship's passengers, thanking each one most courteously for the " gift" of every article, and bowing most obsequiously in acknowledgement. With the Romish pirates however, these courtesies are thanks for favours yet to come, anticipat ing future raids, and putting their victims off their guard by flattering. The bait for the silly fish is of course dressed as attractively as possible, and with wonder ful success. When the flatterers are off their guard, however, they allow the naked hook with its barb to be seen, and they are not ashamed to descend to the lowest and most insulting means of insulting Pro testants. We insert in this number of the Standard a brutal leader from the chief Roman Catholic paper in England, the ereme de la creme of the sect, repre senting not the ignorant Irish peasant, but the dignified aristocracy of Popery — the Bishops, the nobility and the clergy; The Universe. The simple fact of our Bishop of Sydney obtaining leave to accompany his ailing wife to England is made the butt of Buch stupid and malignant scurrility as would disgrace a pothouse infidel club. We do not care for the brutality, nor could it be suppose! that the good bishop could be in any way annoyed by such language as only damages the miserable man who could find it in his heart to write it. Our Bishop Barry would be no less the holy, hardworking, intellectual, learned man he is known to be, if the Universe had fifty or a hundred foul pens busy in every issue to try and soil him with their virus. We put the letter before our readers, that they may show to those so-called Protestants who are deceived by the pretended charity of Romish wheedlers, what they say and what they write, when there is no end to be gained by pretending. The bishop, they will see, is no bishop at all, because he is not a Romish bishop, neither is he even an ordinary clergyman, and there is even some doubt whether he is a Chris tian. This last doubt must of course attach itself to the very charitable people who pay, or who buy, or who dance, or who sing for Romish purposes, those members of other denominations' who are, so beslavered with thanks in the public papers. After all there is a doubt whether they are even Christians, not in the strict sense alone of being spiritually Christians, but whether they are numbered properly among the outward name of Christianity. Whether, in fact, they are not heathens or pagans. As to thiir Bishop — he is "a Mr. Barry whom some people call the bishop of Sydney." If there was really any end proposed by the editor, besides vulgar insult in the article, it would appear to be a clumsy attempt to throw some discredit on the marriage of bishops, and to in sinuate something in favour of cleri cal celibacy, although even for this purpose he destroys his own argu ment by asserting that the primate of Australia is no cleric at all and perhaps not even a baptised layman. If a bishop however, the editor says, he should be wedded to his diocese, and therefore should not be wedded to his wife. The Romish bishops we are to infer are wedded to their dioceses, and not to wives, therefore, &c.; We think if we had the editor here, we could show that Romish bishops have left their dioceses frequently for long periods — and that it would be easy to point out among them something for which a bishop should blush more deeply than for our honest matrimony. Marriage is honourable in all, and the bed undefiled — but whore mongers and adulterers God will judge. It was Dr. Barry's happiness to choose what was honourable in all ; and it would b e more bleBsed in Romish bishops if they chose that better part. We nave not lately heard of that fine boy at San Francisco who testified his Roman epis copal Australian parentage- But we suppose the connection would be by the editor esteemdd more holy than matri mony — even though matrimony be " a sacrament, conferring grace." Was it ignorance ; or was it mere mis representation, that caused the editor to assert that the ProteBtants explained the passage " a bishop must be blameless, the husband of one wife," as if it meant that if an unmarried man was made a bishop, he' ought immediately to get married. Protestants say that while the married man was in that passage to be pre ferred in choosing a bishop, it is in vain to deny the right of a bishop to marry. No pretence of Romish ingenuity can alter that fact. No one supposes that clergymen are commanded to marry. This and other passages give the pre ference to married clergy ; but there is nothing commanded concerning it. Concerning that passage about baptism — there is the avowal of a serious breach of doctrine, amounting almost to sacrilege in the practice of the Romish Church. The authoritative decrees of that church lay down emphatically, that the baptism by heretics, and even some affirm by pagans, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy, G-host, is perfectly valid ; wherefrom they deduce the corollary that every baptised heretic is by baptism subject to the Pope ; and liable to all the punishments due to a bad member of the family. The same authorities declare that baptism oinnot be repeated, and that an attempt to repeat it is sacrilege. But we are here reminded of the fact that the Roman Church which acknowledges the bantism of a heretic, and thereby infers his obliga tion, yet when she converts him to her own sect — " when he gets the grace of conversion," he must be baptised again. Of course there is the humbug of making it " conditional," pretending that per haps something essential might have been omitted at the former ceremony. But this is all moonshine, for the registers of baptism are and have been more strictly kept in Protestant Churches than in mass houses, and the ceremony is acknow ledged to be valid. Is it not adding mockery to the sacrilege of re-baptism to say, "If thou art already baptised, I baptise thee " — when the officiator is quite certain that the person is already baptised. Yet this kind of absurdity goes on at every so-called conversion. The Universe is not ashamad to acknow ledge this. We verily believe that the Uni verse wrote this article while writh ing with the pangs ot jealousy. The Vatican has its bishops in every diocese to which the Protestant Church of England has sent hers. But the Vatican men suffer commonly by the comparison. They are often narrow, ill-bred, boorish, and inferior. Their stock of mental capacity is exhausted in the cut and dry dogmas and maxims of the Church, and the cuckoo repetitions of the breirary and the wrongs of Ireland. They are intellectually and socially over shadowed by their liberally educated rivals and superiors. The Vatican was supposed to have made a successful step . in the direqtion of correcting this, when Dr. Vaughan was sent as Archbishop to Sydney : but one swallow does not make a summer ; and at his death we were sent the Most Rev. Patrick Moran, of pretty much the old stamp, while the Church of England was favoured with the pri- macy of one of the most distinguished and cultured men of England, who, of course, overshadows the Vatican beyond hope — hinc illce laerymee. It is well known that the contrast in the episcopate, telling so lamentably against the Romish hierarchy, is a very sore subject indeed. It is quite certain that the appointment of Dr. Moran at all was due to the pres sure of those sons of Z iruiah, the Irish prelates, who proved too strong for Leo, . XIII- Not that they cared so much for Dr. Moran, for they would not have him as Archbishop of Dublin, but they wished him to be provided for at the antipodes, to make sure of their Fenian choice in Dublin Dr. Walsh, who has gone in for all the extreme vagaries of the Par- nellites. When Dr. Moran arrived here the Primate called and left his card,, a need less courtesy. But in return we have a specimen of the return courtesy, as understood by the Universe. 