"SIIUL TUGRUS. [From Greville's Telegram Co.] SYDNEY. Fridav. lodged 11.40 ; received 12.40. Maree, 3s to 3s"4d ; wheat, 4s to 4s 3d ; flour, ¿J ^C^ttkmarket well supplied ; best beef,. 19s 6d per lOOlbs. Sheep : Poor supply ; prices jumped nonsiderablv ; GOlb. wethers, 13s 6d. ^The Boara of Inquiry appointed by the Commis- sioner of Railways to investigate the case of the Peat's Ferry railway accident report that me accidentarle from sudden failure of the brake .nowcr. The failure was not owing either to the insufficiency or imperfect condition of the brakes, but to an injudicious use of them by the unfortu- nate driver, and that the air reservoirs of the carriages became exhausted, m wiiicn condition the application of the brake was impossible, and there was not time enough tor the driver Wilson to recharge the reservoirs and -to bring thom into use before the accident took PThe Daily Telegraph leader to-day expresse^ gen»ralogreementwith the verdict of the Coroner s jury, and also considers that the duty of instituting criminal proceedings against the officials whose laxity contributed to the disaster cannot be avoided. The Herald on the other hand considers the verdict of the jury unsatisfactory and is inclined to agree with the opinion of the Board of Inquiry. A large number of men on the extra staff of the Customs Department received notice that their services would not bo required after the end of September, the collection of the ad valorem duties ceasing at that time. While searching for outward and visible signs of a reported ghost, the police at Suddenham, near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt , human bones. Í The cost in the Coroner's inquiry into tho Peat's Ferry Bailway Accident is expected to be eleven hundred pounds. Two young girls. Gibson and Parker, walking near Jervis Bay light-house came to an empty hut, found a gun and began skylarking. The gun went went off, killing Miss Parker instantly. Received 1.55 afternoon. The Colonial Treasurer accompanies Lord Car- rington and party to Deniliquin, where they will be given a public reception. Mr. Burns will pro- bably deliver an address at Maitland on his return. The Minister of Justice has decided to settle the Gosford deadlock by removing the Police Magis -trate'to another district. A largely attended meeting of the Sydney habi- tation of the Primrose League was held last night. Canon Kemmis read a paper on the life and work of Lord Beaconsfield. A resolution in favor of the Irish Crimes Bill was passed. Four clerks of works, in the employment of the Minister of Public Instruction, have received notice of dismissal. The services of those officers appear to have been dispensed with because of the necessity for retrenchment, and moro economical working for the architects' branch of the Department. There are in all twelve clerks of works employed in the architects' branch of the Education Department, but this number will be reduced to eight by dis- missal of the officers enumerated. The Grafton Council intends applying to the Government for a special grant of Ü1000 to find work for the unemployed of the district on the .roads. A banquet to commemorate the storming of the Bastille was held yesterday evening at the Cercle Français, Wynyard Square. Between thirty and forty gentlemen sat down to dinner. The chair was ocoupied hythe French Consul. A cablegram hos been received from Sir Saul Samuel, confirming the statement that the postal authorities in France resist reduction of the transit charges on mails on account of the convention with railway companies, but they will again consider the ?question. Percival R. Waddy, West Maitland Public High School, passed the law matriculation examination. Received 11.30. * On the wharves this morning there was a large supply of Hunter River lucerne hay forward ; with fair demand for prime, £8 to £3 15s, other quali- ties 80s to 50s5 bran and pollard, 9d to 9Jd ; oats, 2b 4d ; barley, 3s 3d ; Circular Head potatoes, .£3 6b, Launceston £3, New Zealand £2 5s to £2 10a; Melbourne onions, £3 5s; butter, keg Is, brands Is, factory Is 3d to la 4d ; eggs, Is 3d to Is 4a; cheese, 3d to 5d ; New Zealand ditto, 4d to 6d ; bacon, 6d to 8d ; ham, -8d to Is per lb. ; lard, rí? Is honey' 4d *° 5a ' beeswax, lOd to Is. v f,be.SH,preme Court Mfused the application for bau ofBorsboom, under committal on a charge .S???^ ms wife "*the Coffee Palace. While the family of the Hon. James White were At dinner last Wednesday, a robbery of jewellery to the value of one hnndred pounds was effected lío clue to the robber. The Sailors' Home, which has been quarantined laving been thoroughly disinfected, was released r-wSp n KedjfPve,has been appointed C.P.S. and 2ÄSHÄ2Sat *.0entral police 0ffice nateaÄhomt ^eÄTÄ^ printing herself as the daughter of Judge Dow ïfcL ?heB°IÎC,e s,tat.e th° «na» has beäÄ false*prince " ^ ^^ ««& *? 