ST JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH INDUCTION SERVICE. ,, ," , The ceremony of inducting the Rev. I. K. Mcintyre into the pastoral charge of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Macquarie street, was performed last night in the church. A very good congregation assembled considering the inclemency of the weather, about 100 persons being present. The preliminary portion of the service was conducted by the Rev. A. Rector, of Sorell, who preached from John xxi,, 10 : "Simon; son of Jonas, lovest theil me ? " In his dis- course he touched on the matter of Christian love, the fruits which it rose, and their manifestations, and concluded with an earnest appeal to ask themselves the question put by the Saviour and Peter, runs to answer it in the affirmative, He then descended from the pulpit. The Rev. J. SCOTT, Moderator of the Hobart Presbytery, then ascended the pulpit, and said that, by instruction of the Presbytery, it was his duty to give a very brief narrative of the steps that had led to the institution of the proceedings in which they were then engaged. It was not necessary that he should dwell at any length on the past, but he might state that this place of worship having been closed for some time it was thought desirable that they should take steps to re-open it for the stated worship of the Almighty. The Presbytery, having taken the matter into consideration, communicated to the Home Mission Committee their desire that some one should be ap- related to minister there for-a-snuson at cast. The Rev. I. K. Mcintyre having been for some short period in the colony, the committee expressed to him their desire toward the close of last year that he BhoukP begin service there. These services, had been regularly conducts"' II-- who begins ing pts December last, and the measure of success that had attended them was such that in one season those worshipping there were formed into one congregation. A com- mit tee of management was elected which had carried on the work entrusted to it. On May 25 last the members held a meeting presided over by the Rev. J. Black, when it was unanimously decided to ask Presbytery for permission to make a call to a minister. At a meeting of Presbytery on May 31 that request was very cordially granted, and on the 15th June the Rev. J. Black presided at a meeting of the congregation, when a unanimous call issued in favour of the Rev. I. E. McIntyre. On June 24 at a meeting of the Presbytery, that call was cordially sustained, and as cordially accepted by Mr. Mcintyre. It was thereupon decided that the service in which they were then engaged should be proceeded with. He then put the usual question to the congregation whether they testified their adherence to the call which they had given. The congregation having signified assent, the usual questions were put to the minister and satisfactorily answered. A hymn was sung, prayer offered, and the Moderator, coming (down from ; the pulpit, took the. I Rev. I. L'. Mcintyre by the > hands and said,! I give you , the right hand., of fellowship, and invite you to take part with us in this ministry."-' fte ascending the pulpit, he repeated the following formula : " In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and by, the appointment of the Presbytery, I. recoivo-and admit you to the officóes pastor of this Church and may grace, mercy and) peace from God the Father,' Son, and Holy Ghost, with you alway." '' ' in ' , ' I n j any , I n g's!!! The'Roy. J. BLACK then delivered the address'ty'tho minister. He said that the office of the holy ministry was not a light one. St. Paul j had large ideas of the work with which he had been entrusted a here he said, " I magnify mine office" The office of-the ministry had its great privileges; it had alsO its great responsibilities, so that one was at times' constrained to ask " Who is sufficient for these things ?" But in the midst of all the labours, toils, and difficulties pot turning to the office there was this encouragement that the grace of Him who had given the call was sufficient. It was, therefore, in humble dependence on that grace that he would go forth to the discharge of the manifold services which would he required of him. It would be incumbent on him, as far as in him lay, to take part in fulfilling the" Master's order to his Church to preach the Gospel to every creature. I Unions of voices had been proclaiming that gospel during the 10 centuries that had elapsed since that order was given, and Christ was still calling upon His Church to send forth labourers into his fields. The high honour of going forth into the field' had fallen upon the minister inducted that night in his having been called to the work, and Christ the Lord would look to him to faithfully preach the gospel which he had committed to him, His duty was to carry that gospel to every creature under his pastoral oversight. His duty was to lead souls to Christ, and to carry that out would require the energies of both body and mind, but having done it he must not be discouraged if he did not perceive any fruit to his labour. It might be that it was reserved for another to see the fruits, but if he was permitted to see it he was to thank God and take courage. late Rev. W. R. MONCUR addressed the congregation, warning them that they must not look for perfection in their minister, who was a man of like passions with themselves. The Lord did not delegate this work to angels, but to man. It was the duty of the congregation to assist the minister in the work of the Church, not leaving it all to him. They might assist by prayer, by work, and by sympathy. They themselves required to be Christians, and to respect their pastor in the discharge of his duties. Regularity of attendance at the church was one way of assisting in its work, but it was not expected of them that they should be regular at public worship if they neglected any of their duties at home. Then there were the home devotions, in the closet and at the family altar, which were an important factor in maintaining spiritual life. They should contrive to be at home when their pastor called upon them, and should remember that he called upon them in his capacity as ambassador for Christ. The rev. gentleman's address, which he-' copied more than half an hour in delivery, was listened i to with great, attention, and when he concluded a psalm was sung, the congregation saluted the newly-inducted minister after the benediction had been pro I noticed. 