Action against a Ritualistic Sisterhood. Miss Mary Allcard, a former member of the " Sisters of the Poor," or "SiBtere of St. Mary- at-tho-Cross," a Sisterhood established origin ally in the parish of St. Michael's, Shoreditch, England, has sought in the Chancery Court to recover from the Superior of the Order a large sum of money, whioh some time since she gave to the Sisterhood. Having now left the SiBterhood and become a Romjn Catholic, she alleges that tho money was obtained under unduo influence. Tho trial of the action commenced on Thursday, 26th January, in Mr. Justice Kekewich's Court, and lasted until Tuesday, when judgment was reserved. A perusal of the case will show how muoh to bo condemned this convent system is, and what absolute power is claimed over the_ inmates, who are degraded to give up their will and reason — the unholy powor that a man holds over such a convent of women is also made plain. No doubt in the more severe and more seorot Roman convents the evils shown in this case flourish to even a greater degree. Sir C. Russell, Q.O., Mr. Finlay, Q.O., and Mr. Palmer were counsel for tho plaintiff; the Solioitor-General (Sir E. Clarke, Q.O.), Mr. Warmington, Q.C., and Mr. Edward Ford for the defendant. The report of tho case is from St. James's Chronicle, London, 27th January. Sir Charles Russell, Q.O., in opening the case iot the plaintiff, said she was an un married lady, about fifty, the daughter of an engineer who formerly carried on business at Warrington. A considerable time ago he made a will, by which he left the residue of his property, which was large, to be distributed among his children. The chief defendant, Miss Hannah Skinner, a lady of some fifty years of age or more, was now, and had been for a number of yoars, the Superior of a con vent, tho head-quarters of which wore situated in Mark Streot, Finsbury. They had in con nection with it a Children's Hospital, and a place called tho Priory, in the neighbourhood of Edgware. This convent seemed (said Sir Charles) to have been fostered under the auspiceB of the Rev.;! H. D. Nihil, the vicar of St. Michael's, Mark Streot, Finsbury, and he seemed to have been not only the friend of the institution, but the framer of its rules, and the spiritual director of these ladies. In 1868 or 1869 Miss Allcard became a member of the congregation attending the services at St. Michael's Church, Finsbury, and very soon came into most intimate relations with Mr. Nihill, and he become her confessor before she entered tho convent. Some time in 1869 she expressed to him her desire to assist in parochial work in relation to the poor, and ho introduced her to Miss Skinner, the Superior of the convent. At first she became an associate member of tho community. While she continued in that position, she was spoken to by the Sistors on the subject of becoming a full member of the community, snd she did ultimately, in January, 1870, become what was oalled a postulant, Aocording to the rules, a lady ought to bo in that position six months before she was allowod to advance to tho second, which was tho noviciate ; but, for souio roason, the period was shortened in Miss Alleard's case, and she bocame a novice in April, 1870. Between those two dates an — I — — » I>g tuiunmg numu light upon this lady's relationship with the community of which she was hoping to be come a member. She was asked whether Bhe would not like to make her will, and in view of the rules which existed in tho convent, she understood that it was her duty to make her will for the benefit of tho Sisterhood, by making the Superior of the convent the Bole beneficiary under it. She was introduced by Mr. Nihill to a solicitor of tho name of Leofe, of whom Bhe knew nothing, and who knew nothing of her. Mr. Leofo acted for Miss Skinner, and the charges he made in connec tion with tho will were made, not against Miss AUcard, but against Mr. Nihill or Miss Skinner. Miss Allcard had, therefore, in rela tion to the matter no independent advico. In point of fact, the strength of the caso would be that she did all that she did perfectly knowing what she was doing, but under the belief that she was doing it under a moral obligation. The will was oxocuted in Mr.' Leofe's office, whither she was accompanied by Mr. Nihill, who was one of the persons witnessing the execution . The will was dated the 11th March, 1870. ,Tho plaintiff became a novice, and according to tho rules she ought to have been in a state of noviceship for a period of two years, but as a matter of fact she was allowed to become a full or professed member of the Sisterhood in August, 1871, after a period of one year and three months. Daring her noviciate she was in frequent correspondence with her brother, Mr. W. H. Allcard, who was a Protestant, and who strongly disapproved of his sister's proceed ings. From time to time he sent her remitt ances representing dividends upon her father's property ; but her letters were all opened by Miss Skinner, who exorcised her judgment as to what letters shonld and what should not be put before Miss Allcard, and who also had a considerable voice in the answering of tho letters. So far as Miss Allcard waB concernod, she did very muoh what she was told to do, and as far as theBe communications were con cernod, her duty was principally that of endorsing cheques, which wore . aftorwards dealt with by the Lady Superior. Miss All- card was at various times apparently troubled in her mind in regard to the step she had taken, and desirous of relieving herself from the position in which she was placed. As early as October, 1871, she expressed her wish to leave the convent, but was told that Bhe had pledged herself to life membership of the Sisterhood, and that she could not go. The same thing occurred on subsequent occasions, and the plaintiff said she would do as other sisters had done — run away — if she were not allowed to go. It also seemed that the por tress at St. Mark's convent was told signifi cantly that she had better look after tho keys. Miss Allcard did not seem to have been a very strong-minded person, for she seemed to have acquiesced in what was ordered by the Superior, and, in respect of aots of insubordination, as he supposed they would bo called, she was subjsoted to rather severe penances. On one occasion she did go away, but wont back again, and, according to his instructions, she was then put to the waBh-tub, and kept at it from early morning till late at night ; and on another occasion a very severe penance of silence was imposed upon her. During all that time Mr. Nihill was in constant com munication with those ladies, taking tho greater part of his meals at tho convent, and at the institution in the Edgware Road he had rooms appropriated to himself, and a latchkey which onabled him to have access to the premises at all times. On the 24th J une, 1874, the estate of the plaintiff's father came to be wound up and distributed by the trust ees. It took the form, not of realising in money the whole of the estate, but of appro priating among the beneficiaries tho oxiBting securities. Accordingly, in July, 1874, there came to the plaintiff's share a sum of £937 10 of City of Glasgow Preference Stock, which was valued at £1068, and alio transferred that stock on the 4th July to the Superior. On the 8th July, 1874, there camo into hor hands £3943 Midland Ordinary Stock, which was valued at £5303, which she, in a similar manner, transferred to the defendant. On the 28th Maroh there wore transferred in tho samo way, eloven preference Hhares in the Cannock ChaBo Colliery Company, valued at £998. Besides these sums there was received altogether during her residence at tho con vent, £2065 8s. 7d., tho aocrning dividends of which would have been sufficient to cover the cost of hor maintenance there. Those amounts altogether represented Miss Alleard's entire interest in her father's estate, with the exception of £8000, in which she had a life interest, and a power of disposal by will, but no power of anticipation. The present action was brought to have those doods of transfer oancolled, and the money and stocks made over to the plaintiff. She had not boon satis fied with what she saw in tho convont. The Superior was in the habit of going on trips to the Tyrol, Scotland, &c.;, at tho oxpense of tho Sisterhood, with another sister, Mr. Nihill accompanying them. Iu 1879 she left the Sisterhood, and shortly afterwards became a Roman Oatholio ; but, although she tried to got her will back, she never got it till 1884. Even then it did not appear that she could recovor her money till she ascertained that a former Sister, Miss Merriman, had aotually asserted her rights and got her own money back. The plaintiff came back into the world in a somewhat isolated condition, and the caso was that in the transfers of property she had made she was not acting in the exercise of any free will of her own, but under the spiritual influence of those with whom she was in contact. What she did was not in exercise of an independent judgment or under independent advice, but in necessary compli ance with th vtil — o.'x.uiliuuJ, £>UC »uo uuit fiaa no independent advice, and was undor such inQusncd thufc that viow iiQvf\r- occurred to har. i— « omo, tiuougu laches might under such circumstances be a defence, the court would bo slow to allow persons standing in a fiduciary position like Mis3 Skinner to avail themselves of delay by the plaintiff in commencing : proceedings. Some time must be allowod her to a-ioortain her real position and the extent of her rights and wrongs, and the onus lay .on the defend-, ant of showing that the plaintiff had had independent advice. Here she had no suoh advioe, for Mr. Loefe, the solicitor in the mattor of the will, had acted as the legal adviser of the defendant both before and since these transactions. Sir Charles con cluded by referring at some length to the book of rules of the Sistors of St. Mary-at-' the-Cross, the addross to postulants, the offices. for tho reception of a novice and profession of a Bister, &e.; Prefixed to the rules was an address " To tho Sisters of Sc. Mary-at-the- 1 Cross, from the chiefest of sinners, but their Father iu Christ, Henry Daniel Nihill." It begins : — " In the name of tho Father, and of the; Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Atnen.; My yery dear children — It has pleased Almighty God; to associate us together by a bond unseen by men at the present time, bat dostined, as we' trust, to be manifested in His good time, when His way shall bo made plain, and we, through His grace, shall be Iobs unworthy to devote ourselves altogether unto Him." Then follows an admonition or exhortation in favour of devotion to a holy life, and some rules, such as that the Sistors on rising were to sign themselves with the cross and say cer tain words, and at mid-day wore to kneel, sign themselves with the cross, repeat the salutation, " Hail Mary," together with " Oar Father," and the Collect of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, " in honour of the incarnation of the Son of God, and in token of your special devotion to His mother." Then, as parts of the exhortation or rules, follow certain admonitions on silence, recol- lectedness, faithfulness (under this head occurred these words : — " Faithfulness also means not to interfere with the work of others, or take upon you that which ye are not bidden to do, for all heaven would go wrong if a single angol stept out of his place or ohose his own way of doing the work appointed him to do"), one another's faults, receiving reproof (including theBe words— "First, then, when thou art reproved, remem ber that the voice of thy Superior is the voice of God ; listen on thy knees, n perfect silence and defend not thyself poverty under this head were many texts of Scrip ture opposed to the possession of riches, and among much verbiage the following words, which were strongly commented on by Sir Charles Russell : — " And first of the cutting off of possessions, lot her that cometh to serve God under the rule of St. Mary-at- the-Oross know that henceforth she hath nothing of her own. . . It matters not so muoh what becomes of the things that have been yours, or to whom you give them, as that you should yourselves part entirely and for over with tho individual possession of thorn, and be poor, oven as Jobus was poor. . . . Let her make in writing of her own free will a fall disposition of all that sho hath with hor. Lot hor give it' freely, according to hor own choice, oi thor to hor relations, or to tho poor, or to tho sisterhood, or to whom she will, and having made a list of tho things which she thus frooly givoth, and signed it, &c.;, let hor offor this deed of gift upon the altar at tho tirao of hor olothing, and so let her know that from tho time of hor being clothed in garmonts that belong not to her she hath nothing in tho Convent of hor own" —a form of dood of gift was schedulod), obedience (" First, it consists in rogarding the voice of your superior as tho voice of God. . . Never desire any reason for an act of obodionco"), &c.; Thero arc also rules of portress, rules of silence, and common rules, among the last being ono which was urged to be most important as boaring on the plaintiff's caso — " Lot no sister seek advice of any extern without the Superior's leave." ( To he continued.') 