The Sensitive Servant. We have had servants of all kinds — honest, dishonest, sober, tippling, goodna tured, ill-tempered, Irish, German, black, white, polite, impudent, industrions, lazy, old, young, and . red-beaded. Some com menced well, and ended '.badly ; others com menced badly and grew better as they went along. But each and every one knew how to run tbe place better than we did, until we began to regard them as the real heads of the houBe, and generally kept on our guard lest we should offend them. The humors of these creatures are amus ing. We had one girl who put cheese and bnt ter on s dry, dusty shelf, and mashed potatoes on a rusty tray. When she was leaving the dining-room with the china, she invariably piled more dishes on herarmth&n; she could safely carry, and on her way out would set a few down on the sofa or mantel-piece until she re turned. Another girl waB very fond of the bull-pup, and undertook to raise it. When the pup was half the size of a calf, she would carry him up and down- stairs in her arms, and when her work was done at night, she would Bit in the kitchen in a rocking-chair, take the dog on her lap, and sing lullabieB to him until he fell asleep. The dog's bed roosisted of a soap-box, witn a peice of octigonal grating placed over it, and held down by a flit-iron to keep the dog in. Bat tbe dog used to squeeze through any of the octagonal apertures. The servant learned how to keep him in. He could only squeeze through when empty, so she always kept him so full that he looked like a balloon, and was as hard as a rock. Bat suddenly the girl took a dislike to the pup, and would have nothing more to do with him One night she didn't feed him enough and he wriggled out and devoured her Bhoes. She was a very sensitive girl. If yon told her she did anything wrong, she would tell yon she always did it that way, and you would have to apologise, and tell her she was right, for fear she would become raffled and leave. If yon wanted your steak broiled, and Bhe saw fit to fry it, you would get it fried. She usually cooked the eggs hard, and served fish and chicken rare. She was an awful cook, and cost be on an average, five shillings a week for indigestion medicine. The dog would take nothing from her hand. He would turn away, and go next door and work the rubbish barrel. We could leave him in the kitchen with turkey or beef in the oven, and the dog would never touch it. - ? ? ? ? The only way he could be induced to eat what Bhe cooked was not to let him see her touch it. So we kept him tied just outside tbe window, beside which we sat at table. When the cook brought anything in that we couldn't eat, we poured it into the fire if it was a liquid, and threw it out to the dog if it was meat. Frequently the girl came in, smiled with delight to see the platter almost empty, and think her culinary art had been so keenly appreciated. But she little dreamed that at toe very moment she was arrayed in the smile of triumph the poor dog was outside writhing with peritonitis. The dog had digested the cow-hide shoes as though they had been tuberoses finally yielded op the ghost ; for the girl had cooked his goose. The dog having died, we had to dismiss the girl, (or we knew that we could only stand her cooking on the Desert of Sahara, where we could moor an os triBh outside the window, or in Venice, where -we could have a private' shark chained in the canal just beneath the verandah. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^_ 