E?NTRE NOUiS. I read the other day in a " IImo" paper of an Anglican clergymen of a cnre in the county of Norfolk setting ,an example to his more narrow minded brethren, whic:i, I think, is deserving of copy by us in Alexandra. The gentle man referred to conreived the happy thought, over his morning pipe, of having a joint stock church-and chapel harvest festival. When the cha.pel "chiefs" were asked to "join hands" they at once did so. All the choirs were unitel; all the villagers dissenters or not-sent gifts; and the church was filled as it never had been before. Now, it has struck me that a great harvest festival might be held by church and chapel combined in the shire hall, say in February next, the collection at which should be handed over to our local hospital. With the assistance of the band, the united choirs, and the co-. operation of those who will reap the benefits of a plentiful harvest-and wiho should accordingly return thanks for same to a beneficent Creator-the cole. bration might be rendered a great success in every way. I hope if the hint' is worth anything it will bu taken up by the church and chapel authorities. I was glad to read the sensible re marks of Councillor Csnison aunnt the railway, which appeared in your last issue, and hope the suggestion contained therein will be at once ndoeted by the council. No tine should' to lost in dealing with this matter, which is of vital imprtance to the township andl the greater portion of the shire. Already I hear of many intenled "speculations' being cast aside owing to the uncertainty regarding the railway to Alexandra. The progress of th- shire will be eftectually stayed unless the ex tension sought is obtained : atnd leaving the terminus in its present lsitioa spells" ruin to the township. hero's it wrinkle for the host of turkey breeders in this district on the way to fatten their stocks of gobblers. I: comes from Italy, and therefore must be good, as the Italians are noted for their poultry, and also for their many excellent ways of serving a turkeoy or fowl up for table. The recipe is as follows :-Thirty (lays before a turkey is to be killed one walnut is to be stuffed down his throat. Each day he is given an additional wal nut, anu on the twenty-ninth day lie has 29\. walnuts given him. lie is then immensely fat. The quality of the flesh is a:so greatly improvedl by this method. Now, the walnut tree is exceedingly handlsome, and its fruit is delicious. The climate of this district is exactly suited to its growth, and it would flourish well here. Its cultivation would, 1 think, be a commercial success, as well as prove attractive. Breoders of turkeys should at any rate try the experiment. There are some fearfully joiotic people in the world. The other day a child was presented for baptism with the names Victoria Jubilee Coronation. The parents must have had an awful " down" on that child. It must be satisfactory to the residentt of the shire to know, oni the authority of the Rev. Mr. HIeffernan, of. Mansfield, that Alexandra is far in advance of its neighbours in public and other matters. In paying us this compliment, which doubt!ess cost to:e reverend gentleman a pang of regret, le somneihat qualified matters by ass2rting that, although the township of Alexandra was prettier than that of Miausfield, the scenery suerround ing the latter place had the alvantage of that around Alex andra, and of which we boasted so much. I think if Mr. IIeffer nan could have stayed with us twelve hours longer we could have shown him something in the way of scenery that would have altered his opinion, and proved that we had the advantage of Mansfield in this respect as well as in publ:c spirit and unanimity. The secret of our success and superiority is, however, due to this lat ter quality. No matter what little differences of opinion we may have amongst ourselres, when a common object has to be attained we go at it as one man. As a community we stick grandly together, and allow no dis sensions to be introduced by strangers. This union has pulled us through many difficulties in the past, and the residents are so fully alive to its advan tages as to put their veto on any foreign introduction likely to rupture it and split us up into divisions. It is these divisions that spoil other committics. and their absence that make Alexandra. Good wolklal*ays coniendfsittlrTe. Our shire engineer hai recefived tany compliment"s for the J4sephine hill ,ut ting, which is one of the best pieces of workmanship to be seen in thu colony. He has been congratulated by Cabinet Ministers and others of less degree, and it was exceedingly unfortunate that he should not have been present the other evening to hear the glowing terms in which the Lord Bishop of Melbourne spoke of his chefd'wurre. It is also unfortunate that the council is not:in a position to enable this officer to do more works of a like sdbstaiftial nature in different parts of the shire. I fail to see how our representatives can go on with any:satisfaction with their present linited means. lIatceiayeis will exiect to be able to travel over the roands next winter, but k2000 will not make thlem trafficable. Flood dhihinaes ?? ?h'o" will absorb almost the whole of this same itv repairs. It would be wise, I think, to anticipate the revenue and provide " other means" to put both main and bye roads in good order. Our songsters ought to tlhink some thing of themselves after the 'ulogies passed upon their vccalliation by the distinguished visitors at the late concert. The Bishop says we have the best sin gers to be heard out of M,.lbourne, and he was supported in the assertion by his good lady and the reverends presvnt. Considering that the Bishop is an en thusiast of music and had one of the best choirs in the old country, his authority is worth something, and the conlpliment is a high one. It is a pity the choir was not heard to its best advan tage on thle occasion. Two of the recently returned members to Parliament hare to thank local option for'their secats. '' Wee Jim" would nt have had a ghost of a show at Williams town against the popular lo.al caudidlilate had not the latter have pronounce? against the movement. As it was Mir. Mirams defeated Mr. Croiker by 321 votes, and local option was nlade the test question. Tho defeat of Mr. A. TI'. Clark.' who gave up Williamstown in the hope or securing, a soat on the cushions in the Upper Chamber, was, 'hiwever, much more severe, Dr Le Fevre, of Collins Street, beating hint by ' 1093 yolebtd There mnst be a goodly number of local .optioaists in the North Yarra Pruvince. 