A MYSTERIOUS STONE FORT.': (NaSUvna a AMaIraA .) There is noohing in Tennesee, or ii'the South, whose antiquity is somysterioul anr entirely beyond the domain of decent specao lation uas the old stone fort, which is a mile and a half below the town of Manoohestet. -The two prongs of Duck River come within. say, 200 yards of each other, and then widen out, making a territory of perhaps .,OQa acres in the forks of the river, and below the Narrows. At the Narrows the fort com mences by a stone wall, now covered with earth, runniug from one river to the other. and there the walls are built along the banks of both rivers down toa point wherea canal had been cut from one river to the othaer; there a wall is made from one river 4i the other, perhaps a quarterot a mile.: Ott the outside of this wall is a hollow, andin this hollow is the sign of the -cransl or out evidently intended to protect the fort:,by both the wall and the canal. Fromi.the upper tothe lower wall, atplaces, there are high bluffs on both rivers. Wherever.thlS bluff-precipitotnu-ie found there Is nowall, but wherever there is no natural hbsiriee'the wall is built. The entrance to the forat s at the upper end, and the gateways, show that the builders were dotnl their- work tnttellgmtly. The entranceo i by a. narrow paeway.e with waia t w etobe sl tdb . r j et?t s so as to prmevs?-t ii s oaew : outside from having a direct entrance tog themselves, and so as to protect those on the inside from missie on the ootside. The fort, containe forty.seven acres. endI?f ow was, when the writer fidrt saw it, hetll timbered, many of the tmees of large else growing on top of the walls. ' " Colonel Sam Murray. who settled themn about 1808, cut one of the trees from. the top of the wall and found it to be, abono 500 years old. One mile upthe river from thefort is an immense mound-the eigeis one perhaps in the country-makling tiprO bable thak the fort was built by the mount builders.. Beyond this nobody knows 'y thing about it. Colonel Murray. who wuasI man of high intelligence, claimed to have conferred with the Indians of different tribes, but none of them could give hlm v account of it, either by tradition o othesr wise. This fort is one of the many evidluse - that in this country, at some remote.perlo there was a race of people of more stabilip and intelligence than the roving Indinis which the first settlers found. From the time of the first settlement bi the country there were ghost ttrg1i4o02* netted with the old stone fort, whieb shoS 1834 culminated in most remarkableePl. code In 1833, six gentlemen, men of high standing, who lived io the Murfreeesboro.g went out in the neighbourhood of the 914 fort to have a fox hunt. The country. was thinly settled, and there were many defy. After having camped out for several das. one night they saw strange sights, whc caused them to leave next day. They we not communicative, but the etory got cull and was much talked of. The next all thl same six, gentlemen, with nine othbere,.wen backand camped upc?- the same pot....l* was said that they were quite anxious to.see the same seights that had been seen beforg. But a week passed,and they saw nothing though they were quite suceasful In killintl deer. At the end of about a week a man nans - Latimer got two small hbogs in the neighbour hood, and fxing up a dumb bull went out tt see how they would stand a strange noise. It was in the Fall, a frostay nfght The hunters had a big fire and were In a grees glee. For three hours the dumb bull wn made to work from different pointe.in the woods at a safe dIstance.- At Sirst'the hunters were disposed to laugh; thien.thbs got quiet, finally they commenced shootnai' Many guns were fired. This was kept up euntil the man and two boys left, which. wet about midnight. Between midnight anddap the whole fifteen men left the camp, leavi. their. met anud other things, and ,,went to a farmhouse.. the house where the'. twy boys who bad been in the mischief - sleepin g. Next morning 'the hunbers r?Ib wonderful stories about what they saw,bows ittcare close upg to the See, and bow i?u D c wix iS wa to" islheirblless, bow i5 ,be about from an anlmal to a woman, af what It !woud- say. - The two bose weeei still as mice. for they bad !tolen of fr oma, their father by the peesssion of Latlmer i who ,was.himselbf a hunter and wanted -ot drive these hunteeaway. ,, .. l / SThe fifteen men left that morning ,an& went boot to.Muifreeaboerough to verify ani. make erod the ghost story of the year bfore The' story -got ihto thb newspapers and wa the biggest sensation that had turnedo up fde maen -years. But It got out that a hente' and, two boye had oared them awoy. - Thil was denied, and-lhe ghost theory was maine tained with heroio venty. . " ý This knighthbood ervioe. in the land.t ghots took- place fifiy-three years ago. , the pericipants are deadut rone of the.loysb? Who liree to write this story and to verify its: truth., " 