THE PORTFOLIO. Dipping into our store of original contributions wo select for this week the three following. And the opportunity may be taken to say that we Bhould prefer articles with a local colouring to those which are clearly imitations of school leBsons. We wish to encourage the habit of original composition, and to induce young people to practice themselves in the use of language as a mode of expressing their their ideas. For our noxt issue wo have a nice little story. But it is clearly modelled on those to be found in the school books. Now, though such a literary exercise may have been both pleasant and profitable to the writer, the work would have been more acceptable to us if she had used her eyes and inventive powers more than her memory. Aus- tralian boys and girls can find abundant matter in their own surroundings for their pens, if they will only look round. Literature is the recorded thoughts of men about the'world, and every one must know more about the section of the world in which he lives than of any other. But wc must in- troduce our contributors. Mervyn Button writes on CRUELTY TO ANIMALS. I was glad to Bee «hat nice little essay from "Jack" on cruelty to animals, and If you do not object will take up tho thread of bia disooursc. It li almost > dally ooourrcnoe hera to see teamsters thrashing their bullocks and using bad lan guage, as if the filthy language helped them on at all. I think it is a very sad thing that ther« should be any need for societies for .ruelty to animals, but it isa right object they aim at. "A raeroliul man regardelh the life of his Most" is n good word of 6olomon's. There ara som« ourloui but beautiful lawi in the books of Moses, whioh show Grod'a kindly oare of birds and beasts, and his with to keep his people from cruel deads. Than if God thought it worth while to auake »ach laws as these, be oarei for dumb animals aad would have us give them tender care aleo. We have) right enly to use the servioes»t craatnrea subject to us, not to maUroat them. It is wicked to make them culler by our eraelty and negleot. Mac iafllcta much suffering on the animals balow him, through bad tamper and oarelws ness, All sports ara cruel that involve Bullering to any creature. Sports that arise out of what subjects living things to pain are horrible. Fights lor example between fowl or brute. God made man their ruler, but we hare no mora right to abuse them or to be cruel to thom than kings and queens hare to oppress their subjects. Our dominion over the creatures is for their good, as well aa our own. When God once gare a man'e voice to the OBS of balaam, the words it spoke rebuked the prophet'« injustice and unkindnees to hie beast, as well as his madness ia opposing God. A young lady, who wishes to be known as " Pearl." sends the subioined verv nrottv sketch of A GIRLS' HOLIDAY. Sir,-I will tell you about a pícale on the Summer Hill willoh some friends and myself bad on lout Queen'« Birthday. The bummer Hill ii nbuut three miles iron Lochinvar, and the «ummit I« a lovely «pot for a picnic The morning broke beautiful sud olear, but very cold. We started at eight o'clock sharp, intending to reach our dwtinntio« in an hour. I think ii we had bad a mirror to look at them, our laces would have appeared pretty bluo when we raaohed the top; but the lovely landscape that greeted our eight would liare been sufficient to banlth any feeling o( wearinet«, or cold- ness either. We all eat dows on a little sheltered «pot, where the eun shone lull upon us, and warmed our cold hands. There had been a fog duriag the night, and it was just clearing away. The hills looked u blue as indigo, and in the valleys between them pateaos of snow-white lot hung around the tree top». The river, whoso bank« are very pretty from Hills- borough to llosebiook, loeked like one long line at gllitening Bllrer, except in on. place where the willows drooped over and completely shaded it. Afttr an hour of chat, which wai mainly expressed admiration ot the laDdteape, we separated, and went about exploring. At ona o'clock the bell wai rung for thera all to come to luicheon. There was a tablecloth spread under a largs wild figtree ; it wai covered with cakes, sandwich««, etc, that had bees oooked the preceding day. We didn't leave any eramba for the opossums, for our ramble tkrough the frosty morning air had made uivery hungry. After luncheon, each of u« had a look through a telescope at the views around. They ata so numerous and lovely that it would take up too muoh ot your space to tell you all about them. We could see the «moke oi the sl«amers at Newcastle as they entered the harbor, and a long white line which people say is the «liff«. Nearly all around us there were Sretty farm house«, with adjoining gardens and orchards, ear the top of the hill there is a precipice covered with wild vines ot all detcrlption«. White clematis grows tbsre in pro iuiion, and there ii also a vina with a glossy green leaf, of which I do not know the nan«. Ferns grow tliwe in abundance. While one of the girls wa« pulling some ferns, a kangaroo rat rushed ont from amongst them, and kaocked her down. There are also beautiful shrubs and trees growing there. We were having a splendid game of "rounders" on the top of tie hill when we lost our ball among the recks, and had to give it up. The long shadows cast by the trees now warned us that it was getting late So after gathering an enormous bunch of ferae each, we started for home, making the bush resound with songs, and thinking that lier Majesty ooald not have enjoyed herself more on her birthday than we had. From " Jack," of Bishop's Bridge, we have Ms version of a reminiscence of a relatrve, entitled ABOUT A DOG THAT WAS ONCE A GHOST. A relative of mine, a good many years ago, was employed in an office in Sydney, bul used to reside In Balmain. He went irom Balmain by the ferry every morning and returned by six o'clock each evening, but often went to Sydney for amusement after tea, and sometimes stayed late with his companions. At the time I am writing of there was a cemetery ia Sydney that is now built upon by some of the largest and grandest buildings in the whole city. Through this cemetery ran a footpath that was used as a mort cut from one part of the city to another, this relative of mine used to make use of this footpath in getting to hiB ferry wharf on returning home, eepooially when he was late. His companions knew of this aud determined to have a laugh at his expense and give him a fright ; but as I shall show you before I finish the laugh was all on the other side. So one night two ofhis friends said "goodnight" at about ten o'clock, saying they were going to roost, but Instead of bed they were going to complete their plan to frighten " J ack" (my relative's name) and have their lark. Other two friends kept Jack talking at the top side of the burying ground until the tern whistle blew for her last trip from the Sydney side, eo Jack had to make traoks at a run across the footpath. W hen he bad ran about half the distance across, to his aatonishment, he saw something white tumbling towards Um. Ile stood «till, and was on the point of making a run tor it, when the ghost made a squeaking noise, and at the same instant he beard .omething tittering near by. Thi-i brought his wits back again, and " he smelt a rat," plucked up and went forward, picked up the ghost in hi« hands, and ran as fast as his legs could carry bim the rest of the way across, and reached the street. When there lie examined his And, and what do you think it waa? A pnppy tied up in a pillow case He saw it was agood pup, and determined to keep It, «o took it home. The pup in the pillow case made a splendid ghost, and my relative «ays he waa thoroughly frightened, and bad not the pup whined he would certainly have been the victim of hie companions' trick. So my dog commences his puDllo life as a ghost Next morning the father of one ot the ghost makers, carne and demanded the pup but the ghost catcher would not give it up. He was threatened with a summons and liad a regular row. butit all ended in smoke, and he kept the pu«, reared him, and he grew a line fellow. Being a thoroughbred Newfoundlander, he was well trained and taugut many tricks, to f etoh, oarry, and §0 on messages, he would even mind the baby. One oi his titles was to go to the butcher's tor meat in tho morning; he had a faaBket with a lid and in this was placed an order and the money, and the ghost would start for the butcher's about a quarter of a mile away, and faithfully bring what he was sent for It was fine fun to watch him coming along with lilsbnfk-t, sometimes another dog would want to have something to say to Mm, but tlie ghost would only give a growl and «tick his tail a little higher, if that was not euough to quieten the yelper he would put down the basket und go tor lilm : be could fight a bit. I said he would even mind the baby, a great aunt of mine used to §lve himrner little girl to mind in the yard, or on the carpet, and e would be as careful with the little girl osa human being cou d be; If she rolled or crawled too far away, the "Ghost" would take lier by the waist-band of her clothes with his teeth and carry her back to the proper place. The child was often found fast asleep with her bead on the dog, and the ghost looking as happy and smiling out oi his intelligent face as if he too were very well pleased with the arrangement. My relative was very fond of this dog. and valued Mm very muoh. he was Buch an intelligent and faithful brute. His faith- fulness led to his death, which happened in the lollowing manner:-He was generally shut up in the mornings whin his his master went to work, but sometimes he would get tree and follow to the wharf. One morning he did eo, and his owner did not notice him until the steamer started from the wharf. He called to the "ghost" to go home, but the dog must have mistaken the call, for he jumped into the water and Bwam after the Bteomer. On the boat's arrival, my relative waited on the wharf for his dog, and in time he came swimming up, looking quite pleased. But he was never to reach the land alive. Jm/t as he was nearing the steps, he swam in between two heavy punts that were moored there. Either with the swell or some other cause, just at the very momeut, they came with a clash together, and completely crushed the life out of the poor "ghost." His owner paid one of the watermen on the wharf to get his poor mangled body out of the water and take it back to Balmain, where it was buried. "ENQUIEEB" asks a question about the length of the Panama Canal. We cannot undertake 'to hunt up replies, but will print querieB, tobe an- swered by our correspondents. 