3I?ctcber. Some Similes. - '•The child of the past and the parent of the future" is not an unhappy sinpile for the—present. Happiness has been likened to a ghost; all -talk aboot it, but few, if any, have ever seen it. Ambition's ladder restsagainst a star, remarks a cleve r writer, who also tells us that a proverb is a short truth sandwiched between wit and wisdom. . Eloquence is a coat of many colors judiciously blended. No one thing will mats a man eloquent. I r lattcry has been termed kind of bad money to which our vanity gives currency. Society, like shaded silk, )ijuot must w be viewed ... in „ all situations, or its } m J ivc us. Kindness is the „0j(jen cj)aju by ,vhich socicty is bound | ; and charity is an angel breath-' in? 011 riches; while graves have been poetically called the footsteps of angels. r, Language is a slippery thing to (leal with as some may find when selecting their similes. Saysa certain writer,— "Speak of a man's marble brow, and he will glow with consqious pride, but allude to his wooden head and he's mad in a minute." The young lecturer's similes were gathered in a heap" when lie expressed the whole body of his argument on deceit in the following:— "Oh, my brethren! the snowiest shirt front mav conceal an aching bosom, and the stiflest of all collars cncirclea throat that has many a bitter pill to swallow." It has been truly said that tho abilities of man must fnllshort on one side or other, like too scanty a blanket when you arc in bed; if you puUitupon your shoulders, you leave your feet bare ; if you thrust it down upon your feet, your shoulders are uncovered. Tiie man, wc are told, wlio has not anything to boast of butiiis illustrious ancestors, is like a potato—the only good belonging to him being underground. A man at a dinner ^in evening dress lias been likened to a conundrum: you can't tell whether he is a waiter or a guest. A Yankee, describing a lean opponent said, "That man docsu'tamouut to a sum in arithmetic—add luui up and there's nothing to carry." An American critic in reviewing a book said,— "The rhythm sounds like turnips rolling 'over a bam fir>or,while some lines appear to liavo been measured with a yardstick, aud others with a ten foot pole." An amusing illustration was given by a parent when asked by his boy,— "What is understood by experimental and natural philosophy." "If anyone wants to borrow money," lie answered, "thatis experimental philosophy. If the other man knocks " him Sown that is natural philosophy Curious and comical illustrations seem natural to many children. A little girl, suffering from the mumps, declared she ut felt as though a headache had slipped down into heitneck. Mamma," said another youngster, alluding to a man whose neck was a series . of great rolls of flesh, "that man's got a double chin at the back of his -neck." , A little three-year-old, in admiring his baby brother, is said to have exclaimed,— He's got a boiled head, like papa." Talking of curious similes—among the - -southern languages of India is the Telogoo or Telina, so rough jn pronunciation that a traveller of the nation speaking it before ruler of Bokhara, admitted that its sound, resembled "the tossing of a lot of pebbles in a sack." A simile for "scarlet stockings is 6rehose—laughter is the souud you hear whenyour bat blows -off—^and trying to do business .-without advertising is '-Sai to be "like "winking at a girl in thedark." t A-n unpoetical Yankee lias described. ladies' lipsasthc glowing gateway of beans, pork, saur-kraut, and potatoes. This would provoke Marryat's exclamation of "Such a methaphorl nevor. niot afore."; Much more complimentary was the old darkey's neat reply to a -beautiful young; lady whom he offered to lift over the gutter, xmd whoinsistedshe was too heavy. "Lor. missy"-said he, "I'se used to lifting barrels of sugar." 'Wit from a man's mouth is likca mouse- -a hole; you'may watch the hole all' day, and no mouse come out, but by-nndby, Tvlien no one is looking for it, out; pops the mouse, and streams across the .parlor. ' Marrying a woman for her money, says , a philosopher, is very much like letting a rat-trap and 'baiting it with your own finger. An American writer says:—; . "A •man;with one idea always puts.me in-mind of an old coosc trying ;to ;liatclr out.a.paving-stone." " . An editor's simile of manV^carccr is, summed upin theJines:— "Man's aTapor full oi sroes, starts a. paper, busts, mid goes." . . 