THE GERMAN LUTHERBANl CIHURCH. The rite of confirmation took place in the Ip with Lutheran Church on Sunday morning last. The in. terior of tbebuilding was decorated with garlandsand wreaths,while textsoffcriptnre weredisplayed on the walls,amonget them prominently the one " Hold that fast which thou heat that no man take thy crown." Revelation .3, 11. The service commenced with the hymn No. 50, "O heilger Geist Kehr bei one ein," after which the service of the altar and liturgy was gone through, and the congregation nang the hymn No. 58, "Ach bleib mit deiner Guade." The minister, the Rev. Joachim Kiihnke, took his text from iHebrews, chapter 13, 9, " Be not carried about with divero and strange doctrines, for it ii a good thing that the heart be established with grace, not with meate, which have not profited them that have been occupied therein." He preached a very im. pressive sermon, which was listened to with the greatest attention. The confirmation, he said, was a most necessary action, which the Lutheran Church upheld, for, whereas in the holy baptismn the parents and the god-fathere had to perform their duties, on the day of confirmation the child took the vows iteelf and thereby took the responsibility upon itself, and, in order to do so, the children had to be taught thoroughly in the knowledge of God and in the Christian faith. It took a greet deal of labour, in this country, to teach the children in the German language, and to qualify them to pass a successful examination. As the Lutheran Church stood in the world as one of the oldest and first re formed Churches, he wold request the congregation to stand firm, especially the young Christians, eha were still weak, and could be very easily misled. These were advised to attend regularly to their Church meetings, by which they would gain more strength to resist all temptations. both the wordly and the apiritual ones. The rev, gentleman also re quested the parents to send their children to the German school, and, in order that they should not neglect to learn the English language, he said he was prepared to teach the children German on Fridays and Saturdays. The pastor then concluded the sermon by asking the Heavenly Father to give His blessing to their work, which was done for the glory of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghoat. The hymn (No. 94) " Ein reinea Here Herr echaff in mir" was then sung by the congregation, during which time the pastor went before the altar, and invited the candidatee, fourteen in number, to etep forward in a hall-circle. The examination then commenced, the candidates acquitting themselves in a highly eatie. factory manner. After the examination, the candi dates prayed the Apoelke' Creed, and promised, with the help of God, to he faithful to their Church and to the vows they bad taken. The blessing of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost was then conveyed by the rev. gentleman, in laying his hand on the heads of the candidates, who were kneeling at the altar, and repeating the customary words. The congregation next knelt in silentprayer, during which the bell was tolled, to add to the solemnnity of the proceedings. After prayer the bene diction was pronounced, and the service concluded with the singing of the hymn (No. 106) "Lass mich dein cein nod bleiben." After the confirmation service, the holy communion was administered to the "Confirmanden,'" their parents, and friends, nearly forty persons partaking of it. If may be added that the Rev. Joachim Iiohnkethaa been very hard-working and painstaking since he became the pastor of this Church, and the congregation,which was nearly scattered by reason of having no pastor for fourteen months, has now once more the pleasureof having a good ehepherd,and has again become strong in numbers. They siacerely treat that he will continue in his labours for the cause of God, and that the Lord in Heaven may bless him and grant long life to him. 