I Johnny Hi-Hi and Fanny Foo-Foo. Fanny Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, A child of the groat Tycoon ; Shu wore her head bald, and her clothes wore Half petticoat, half pantaloon ; Her face was the color of lemon peel, And the shape of a table spoon. A handsome young chap was Johnny Hi-Hi, And ho wore paper-muslin clothes ; His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose; His eyes slanted downwards, as if some chap jlacl savagely pulled his nose, Fanny Foo-Foo loved Johnny Hi-Hi, And when in the usual stylo Ho popped, she blushed such a deep orange You’d have thought slic’d too much bile, If it hadn’t been for her shuit-eyed glance And her charming wide-mouthed smile. Aiul oft in thy bliss of their now-born; love* * I Did these little Pagans stray All around in snots, enjoying themselves Tn a strictly Japanese way ; She howling a song to a one-string lute, Oil which she thought she could play. Often he’d climb to a high ladder’s top. And quietly there repose, As hb stood on his head and fanned himself, While sho balanced him on her noso, Or else she would get in a pickle tub, And bo kicked around on his toes. Tho course of true lovo, ovon in Japan, Often runs oxtromely rough, And tho fiorco Tycoon, when ho heard of this, \- Used .Tapaneso oaths so tough That his courtiers’ hair would nave stood oil If they’d only had enough. So the Tycoon buckled on both his swords, In his pistol placed a wad, And went out to hunt for tho truant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod. Ho found them enjoying their guileless solves On tho top of a lightning-rod. Sternly ho ordered the gentle Foo-Foo To “come down out of that tbore 1” And he told Hi-Hi to go to a place— I won’t say precisely whore, Thou lie dragged oil’ his child, whoso spasms Evinced unusually wild despair. But tho Tycoon, alas ! was badly folded, " Despite his paternal pains, For John, with a toothpick, lot all tho blood Out of liis jugular veins; While with a back somerset on tho floor, Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in tho Tycoon’s lot, • Kight under a logwood tree, Where they could list to the nightingale and Tho buzz of the bumble-boo ; And where the mosquito’s sorrowful chant So maddens the restless flea. And often at night, when the Tycoon’s wife, Slumbered as sound ns a post, His almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That scared him to death almost; ’Twas a bald-headed spectre Hitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. 