LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS,. THE PREMIER will pay his promiscd Visity: to Nowcastle on or about Monday, 4thlinst. MiR. ABIoAIL assured the IIouse last night that his intentions regarding the sand-drift were strictly honourable. ANOTHER GALE, destructivo in. its effects, has occurred in the United Kingdom, and many cases of loss of life are reported. TIIE VENTRILOQUIST at thoe tlheatro is., oxceedingly clever, and some, of ]his per- formance go beyond those of any of hise predecessors. GENTLEMr. EN desirous of obtaining a good fitting suit of clothes will read with interest tl.p advertisement of Messrs. Lanco and i Styles in this issue. . TIE CARRIIGTON COUNCIL will hold their ordinary fortnightly meeting to-night, when a large amount of business is down on thio, paper for transaction. WILrLIAM O'BRIEN claims all the rights of a political prisoner, refuses to wear the prison dress, and rebels against being treated: as a common felon. WrAT was the "information reeeived!" wldch induced Sir ImHenry Parkes to break hIis promise with regard to prohibiting the deposit of nightsoil in the reserveo ? BREAKING BY-LaAws.-Thlo Newcastle In spector of Nuisances proceeded against five..: defendants in the local police court yester- . day for breaches of the municipal by-laws.. Fines were imposed in all the cases. TuEI great engineer of tle Panama Canal,: B:. Do Lessops, believes that portion of the great work will be open for traffic by February, 1890. This is, we suppose, a. statement antecedent to a request for more francs. THERE is, probably, not.a bettor-known. Boniface in the Nortlmrn district than Mr. George Bunn, who, after spending nearly a . lifetime in tlho mining townships, may now be - seen at the Great Britain Hotel, of whlch he has recently become proprietor. TUrE Railway Department advertise special.! trains and trams for holiday-makers on the anniversary of the Prince of Wales' Birth day, :Wednesday, 9th inst. A good many events are fixed for that date, and if the weather be fair our hard-working populations will enter wvith spirit into the enjoyment of" anotl?hdi mucl-needed holiday. "TTE, :Mystery of the Sand-drift" would make a very 'good title for a three-volume novel. Why the municipal deputation did not go down to intervioew the Minister for Mines on the subject is bestknown to them- selves, and why Mr. Abignil keeps up such a mystery on the subject, is best known to" himself. We suppose there is c clue to the" mystery; but it appears as if thie public of" Newcastle would have to wait'for it a little' longer. ' SUoIIDE AT NAnnannI.-A carrier named. Ross, with loading for Moree, camped on. Saturday night by the Narrabri Creek bridge, and early on Sunday morning his body was; found swinging from the bridge by a long rope. It had been artistically fixed, and. Ross Ihad evidently let himself off gently and without a drop, as, when found, the toes' were almost touching the ground and lus hat. was still on, showing that there was evidently no strugglihng. VoIcE AND NOTHING olouRE.--The hungry and deserate unemployed of London asks that public works should be commenced, in, order that they may live. This reqnest is. answered by a refusal, accompanied with words of empty regret. These men, of' course, arc but white men. If they were black men, relief works would at once be begun, and a Mansion House fund would be started forthwith. England has a habit of lookiig at unpleasant objects through the: wrong end of the telescope. THE ALLEGED ASSAULT with intent to rb0.: ease against Stephen Murphy and Thomas. Smith, miners, resumed in the local court. yesterday, came to an abrupt conclusion after the evidence for the prosecution had. been received, the P.M. considering that a ptrina facie case had not been made .out. Henry Short, who was said to have been as saulted, could not identify the accused as his assailants, although hlie called out the name "Smith" at the time of the assault, and al-: though he had known the two men since they were boys. The accused were discharged. ZULULAND.--Tho fat is in the fire in South Africa once more, and a good many Government contracts for the conveyance of troops and stores will presently be picked up there. The Governor of Natal is forced to have thIe matter out with the Zulu chief, Dinizulu, who has retreated to some of his caves, and against whom an expedition will have to be sent. Pleasant place to live in is South Africa. The colonists there speak. of Chief So-and-So having broken out, in the same way as the Australian colonists speak of a goldfield having "broken out." TuE 1Rm. JoHN DIxoN.-Our Wicklhmam' I friends will be sorry to learn that the above named rev. gentleman will soon be removed from their midst.. This sorrow will be shared. in by the large circle of friends nisde by?Mr. Dixon during hIis stay in the district. The Sydney papers state: -" The Rev. John Dixon, [incumbent of Wickham, in the. diocese of Nowcastle (secretary of the late session of the Provincial Synod), has been appointed by the Primate to the vacant in cumbeney of St. Thomas's, Balmain. We are informed that in this case, although the parish has no right of nomination, the Pri mnate, for special reasons, invited an oxpres 'sion of the wishes of the parishioners. The incumbency, we understand, was first offered to the Rev. J. H. Mullens, of Sutton Forest, but hlie was unable to accept it: GooD TEr.PLARY.-Thlo usual weekly meeting of the Alexander Hutchison Lodge, No. 87, was hold at Lathlam's Hall, Wolfe street, on Tuesday night. The session was opened by ero. E. Jones, W.C.T, in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting wore read, and adopted. Two candidates were initiated into the Order. After a short recess oflicial visits were received from the Paragon Lodge, which consisted of some 20 members. The election of oflicers for the ensuing quarter then took place, and resulted as follows:-Bro. E. Jones, W.C.T.; Sister S. Smith, W.V.T.; Bro. L. G. Emanuel, W. Secretary; Bro. J. Downie, W.F. Sec.; Sister M. A. Harrison, W. Treasurer; Sister Smalhlnan, W.C., Bro. W. Emanuel, W.M., Bro. Ackroyd, WV.G.; Bro. G. Rodgers, W. Sentinel; Sister E. Harrison, W.D.M.; Bro. P. Crew, W.A. Secretary; Bro. T. Crew, P.W.C.T. pro tern. The in stallation was then proceeded with, Bro. W. J. Thomqs ofliciating as W.L.D., ably assisted by lro. Spinks, of Victoria, and lro. James Duke, W.L.D., who acted as installing marshal and deputy respectively. The officers' reports for last quarter showed good progress both numerically and financially. Visitors were present from Victoria, Sydney, IBethel, and Paragon lodges. The session closed at 9.35, everyone seeming satisfied with tihe evening's proceedings. Tmosse Lovely Mantles for tie Summer at Scott and Aird's. 1710 VAooINATION.-Dr. Beeston will vaccinate children on Tuesdays and Fridays, at 11 o'clock, at the surgery, Bolton-street. 9114 ToNIoxim, the new non - intoxicating beverage, is prepared from the finest selected herbs, which makes it an excellent tonio.. Try it. 1767 PsETTY Washing Prints for 4.d per yard at Scott and Aird's. 1721 Dr. Treloar may be consulted at his residence, Cottage Bridge, from 9 to 11.30, 2 till 3, 7 till 8, daily. Vaccination daily at 11 o'clock; Fridays excepted. 'Busses and trams pass every five minutes. 1049 I& order to mooeet the extraordinary and in *cthking demand for our lithographic view of 'ewcastle, we have made arrangements whedroby' a limited number of orders may be eupplied to-morrow. Agents and others are requestod to send in the number of copies which they will require without delay. Tue WII?AT M1ARKET.-Whoht is dull in Adelaide. Prices again have slightly"" de- clined. Or COURSE NoT.-The Full u1rt ion Tuesday decided that a cabman cadnot' bo prosecuted for waiting in the street obff fthe stand for a passenger by Whom he is on gaged." - • '·i : CoaRurcsPoNDENcE.-or. William Grahame sends us a letter on the subjeol pei'se,: anid apart from answers to tho0mistateoments of parties about whom onde and the publi caroe nothing whatever. NEw SourTs WikLis W'r'I nsBy the terms arranged for the settlement of tihe wine awards dispute in connection with the Ade. laide Exhlibitidn, all New South Wales wines are to -bo rejudged by'a special jury of foiir mutually agreed upon: A REAsoN.-Thoe Ballart Cioi'ier states : Three inebriates were in the town cells last evening. Amongst the articles found ii'led6. possession of one of them was a now set,.of teeth, and it was surmised that his olatibo?at the prospect of being again supplied with molars caused him to imbibe too freely.. GRAND MooNLIonGT COoneIT.-FlTrom'ad vertisement' it will be seen that thofirst Moonlight Promenade Concert of tihe season will take place on the Newcastle. cricket ground.on Tlursday, December-lat..- ,Wo learn that the splendid band 'df tlh'e '4hl Regiment has been engaged for the occasion, and thelre is every prospect of tihe affair being avery brilliant one. . THE CENTENNIAL PROPOSALS. - Last night the House wasin a !yiolding lihbod; and tle proposals of Sir Henry . Parkes for cole brating. thlle cetenary..of the colony, wore carried all along'tho line." Howove~ 'thlere's seome ~omfobit iii the factthat the expenditure to be incurrcd' will. not have to be repeated until the year 1988, -and thlero will be but fewof us about tlhen. CYrPn?R TELEORAPeIri ADDnEssEs.-Tho following advice hais beeko received friom tIe Director-General :of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company with reference to cypher addresses:-"In future only.real words or names must be registered as address indiea tors. The Imperial Post-office and this com pany will decline to accept as indicators com binations.. or made up words .such as ' Granotl,'' Wil Sinitlh' Brobksoni'" Tii ?si F ?C'.AIR i. which is biding hold in; the, rgylce St6re .Wolfe-strcet, in. aid of.the fund.of St. Pdter's Roman Catholid Clhurch, Stockton, was againi open lastinight ,when the attendance ?wasvery large, the .room: being. crowded. Purchaser were plentiful, despite the cry ofdepression, and the patronago of the visitors was fairly- distributed iat the vatious pretty stalls. The fair will remain open thlroughout the week. WON?EII Pn UVES SE s.-The stamiersofthe new American Afrow Line are to be.constructed upon a new principle, and with a view to an estimated speed sufficient to maketthe voyage between New York and Liverpool in a' little more than four days. The Pocahlontas .will bdhe 540ft. long, will be provrided withi1060 water-tight compartments, 500 of t-hiclh are to,be below the water- line, 'aridwill ?l-hve 20 boilers with engines of 27,986 horse-power, and capable of giving a speed of 22 knots an hour; - " ON T?re SRi?i:E-Some disturbance 'iras criated in Hunter-street, near the Court lhoisde, last night, about 9 "o'clock, by the the 'beliaviouri of a trio of drunken seamen, tw~i of wlhom were making tlh o'i~elkin si ng with yells aid demoniacal cries. - The thiird, after his'' fnates" hiad been irrested tried to induce them to regain their liberty, and for this offence, as well as for that of using obscene' lanhguage; ~i·as also locked up. The men, who weore taken.to.the police-station with difliculty, will be brought before the court this morning: . :; ':; Tn?E POLITE LETTER WRITER.--The0 fol loiing effusion is from the fertile braiin of ia certain precocious youngster, aged about 13 years. It is a splendid specimen of Aus tralian education. It reads: "' Ar. Mrs. Jdnes," i now want 'you to let me out'it. 12 o clock, and thIe Is going to sydney in the Hollidays To see 'liisAnties. we Have 'a House with six rooms in it, and the rent is 12 A '6 a week,' and we are.goinig tb shift ini .a fortnight time, and weare got seven.children in our family, 'and oblige 'r. Dux."" Oh, shade of our Education Act ! TiE WATEREBIEN.Ni.-O have received a number of'letters endorsing our remarks re specting the conduct of watermen, noutably with regard to' overcrharging andinsolence, but aswoeareo awrdrestlat, as a body, tlie men licensed by. the Board are well conducted and hone'st;:wo do not;care: to sacrifice the wholeo: of. them' for a scabby sheel 'oe two -Our paragraph touching an attempt to overcharge on Sunday has evoked congenial sympathy in the shape of.a .statement contaninig a lie in every line, as the party impartin gthe in formation will speddily. lean.". '. Tue KIMnBEiCREY DcoGIaoSe-Intelligence has 'been received from; 'KLimberley to thes effect that the machinery for Jackson's a reef lias reached its destination.. A rough crush ing of stone from the reef gave over 49o' per ton. : Other i. crushings subsequgentlyharinde gavb-better results. Other reefs slhow equally promising indications.. I:is' expected thlat the starting of the maclhiney will defiinitely establisliltheo goldfield: A:- ';lareineeni;l bifi?b.f men are reported to be doing 'ell at alliivial mining. One man is saiid to .have 1200 pounds worth of alluvyial. gold in .his pos session if aiid ndther ?c9o0 ;'pounds, worthli Fully 200 nen iaro reported'to'be vorking Min Donkey Gully, near Brockmanan Greek. INsANIY. Owiig' to sit position fso ter minus of tle Northlern; line, :Newcastlo is,: unfort?inatglybuird' eiedwitlhtlihd care 'oi ofa good number of human waifs upon whom bad drink?isiist;ooke; aniid oblier ?ellknown tiase of insanity have. left their •desolating ,mark. Hardly a week pasbses withouiit some persosis being.brought before lthe Benich, as supposed lunatics, and although some may recover after' a torm of medical' tesatbnint ein Maiitland gaol, the majority have. to be sent to Glades-: villo Asylum.. Yesterday: a'man named Joblii whio 'had beeori pi;emiously :b~ofdio r'the' court for indecont exposue, was: ordeed tod' he sent to thlelifutii: aslum.iiiHe api?leared to have hallucinations and delusions, believing that, for some imaginary offence,. he was to be hIanged. Tuho Newcastle district is becom-: ing a strong recruiting ground for thei metiro-: politan asylums. -.: 'VITORIA TEATR?E.-There t?eae "'fairlf' large audience' at thie theatro lasit night to? witness "St. Vincent's Spectrdscou;. and D'Arcy Read's Ghost," an excellone&tonter-;' tertainment being provided. The illusiois' were carried out withl an claboratoe dtail which deserved the success that was' at tained, the appearance and disappearance of t~he "spectres and ghosts" being most amus ing. The performance is not wholly scion tifde, for thIe magicail items in the programme are supplemented by songs, sentimental and comic, which were rendered in a good narnner by tihe members of the company, Miss Sallivan and Mr. HII. Victor bearing off flio honours of the evening. The company, which undoubtedly merits public patronage, will continue to occupy the boards of the hoel theatre for the remainderof tie week, a special matinee having been sranged for ohildren for Saturday. LOVELY Seummer Dresses, and all so cheap, ab Scott ael Aird's. 1705 Your always get such a splendid assortment of Gloves, Laes, Ribbons, and overything DeW' ab eeott and Aird's. ' ' -'1707 