BRIEF MENTION. Four editions of Tub Herald aro now published daily. Tho Tiiuui Edition is issued nt half-past four o'clock, and the Fourth Edition nt about half-punt five o'clock Thnru is to bo a noli with reference to tho propositi Richmond loan of H ''5,000. A de mand for tlm poll under tho Local Government Act, signed by thu requisite number of rater payers was handed to tlio Town Clerk this morning, and among tho rignutories aro soino of dm loading citizeu6 of Richmond. Tlio following casualties wero received at 4 !m Alfr.nl T4nRtitf.ll this mnrnhir. ?— All.m Gntcr, ago 24, a draper, living at Healsville, Buffering from a fractured kneo cap, caused by falling from n buggy. Clnrencu Woosmnu, ago 11, living with ni pareutsat Chapel street, Prahau, with a fractured arm, caused by falling down. In tlm hurry of producing an evening pajwr tV|>og»"iphical mistakes arc unavoidable. On Tliumluy, for mstemce, in noticing a deputa tion from Cambcrwcll to tlia. Chief Cummis- Ktuner of Folicc, tho numoof Mr Gull, thu well- known architect, was transformed into Gabb. Yesterday, in thu summnry of the report of the assistant inspector to tlm Central Board of llcalth, it m'ah mailfl to appear that ho ad vised the buriuug of bone and offal instead of boiling. A ghost story comes from Williamstown. It i alleged that tho has been seen by ft servant girl, a medical man, nud n municipal official. It appearances havo been mado regularly, so it is inserted, for several nlelit ji.vt. Tin) first intimation of its presence was to tho servant girl, who, accompanied by a comiianiun, was proceeding' homuwnrd to Mr Brown's in Douglas Parade, where sho is at service. Something enveloped in whito touched Iter on the shoulder, aud riio lost her panv.o! an she run, also somo money she had In her i>ckct. On the succeeding night tho ap parition i stated to havo lightly jumped into the doctor' buggy and -out again. Next it interviewed the iiiunicir-al officer. It is al leged to havo been even about thn doctor's practical of the reHidunts arc quite prepared to givo thn practical joker a sound thrashing and a dip m in tho homo-trough if they csn only lay their hands on him. Tho servant girl beforo mentioned has been laid on her bed by nervous shod: by Iho foolishly cruel trick. Tho police havo been informed of tho freaks of tlio " ap parition," who, it i just jKmible, will shortly find himself in durauco vilo. Au improvement in the inodo of importiug Btilten cliecKc to Victoria ho recently been carried out by Mr J. Welsh, ship chandler, Beech street, Port Mebournc, who lias just re ceived a largo consignment of two and a half ond livo jKiuiid chcccs, closely packed in air tight jar. By simply lifting tlio lid a hole can bo cut in tho cliccso, uud port witio, to suit tlio taste of consumers, poured iu. Tho lid replaced make it air tight, and can )>o opened at leisure without detriment. Tho flavor of tho chccsc is excellent. Tho ouly arrival In the Bay this morning waa tho Julia Percy atcainer from Western District I tort. Tho Vivid, barque, St. Kilda, ' three- masted schooner, and Douo, barque, arrived at thu Head yesterday and started up tho South Channel tin morning. Tho Johanna Brodur- uen, barque, 825 tons, from Kainnra, was ra- ixtrteU outride Port Phillip Heads early. There wiuj little wind, and it its unlikely tlioy will reach tho Bay to>dyy. Tho followingaro tho reading by Gaunt' instruments Barometer, 80.250. falling, Heat m buh to-day. at 12 coon, CO 5 in the shado 50. Tho highest reading of Gaunt' thermometer in the shade, Bourko street- yes terday. was 78 j and tho lowest from 0 a.m. yosterdav to 0 a.m. to day, 47- Tho highest reading fn tho Btin yesterday wo 100, Rain fall last 24 hoars, Nil. Mr Justlco H.-Kerford will sit with ft speolal Jury of six, In the First Nisi Frius Court on ffunday, to try tho oaso of Butler hgrinst tho Mayor and councillor of Willi urns town, Chamber business will bo taken bv It in Tr„„ from ft miarU-r to 10 until lial(.1TOt 10 " I On Mommy, ni Mm Equity Court Mr T,,.u H Webb will Sehver jnlmt I Snmhir v. I wigg, and Monnhan v. GlmoS I &nstH9nrd0y.Wul;,b C>"' »ud < I Tlio City msgistmles mnl;u ituniln lomvn. I fair op|iortiliiity of rsenno to those in tK? I clpent stages of <loBmtl.n.loii n.ul di,Krnce is I gave tho onlookers a aback of ,,ni„ to wl id I the yontlifuliiivss of soiiiu of llui female, S I tKissn.l m rovunv through tho .look this ." onf I nig Tor ii foneos ol a too common clunffi I Onu of thesu hail ImrsL from llu, mnter„Ii I apron-strings nt tlio ago of 13 or 13 ,lmi "f! I tlio iimgwlrato. very pmporly S sent liotno with nil mis Ions parent befori X I isiuhl sink deeper iu o the aWh of i„i ,„ity I An old o render. Khiabeth gmnmers I tried to palm off her offence an to the j£2 I officer, ugiwnst whom she brought tin, I of iiiiwiwrnnted tnterreronue In neizing wfie ' I tlio throat nud teiinng her dress (which wm ? I course untruo), wu, lluwl 1,11 „r „„„ , imprtsoiinieiit Thu enblimo obieot ,'t .| " I City Justices is us W. H, Clllbert m,', it 1 1 "to let tlio mtmslmumt fit tho crime " 1 ' I I crisis haying business iu the Mnlvcm I 1 oiico Court tlilh numimg wero put In t „ u I oonrenmncn of having their ess. s ii,„l, J, I (or a fortiuglit, iu eonsequcnco cf tfin attem I nnco oi on y ono magistrate. Mr l-VrgSn I was tlio only justice to put in mt np|,.a?„,m" I am not Imving tin, power Ul adjudicate alone I lie had necessarily to adjourn each ease ' I Wo have receiveil from Mrs Kntn Aiojiunlcr I of Brighton Bench, a u hequo for 1,2 h, ,1,1 . j I tho Mnskell fimtl. I In anutluir colimiii will bo found the r. I tlcu aw of tbo coniplimontnry benefit to bo I tondored Mr 1; red S. Ibillinson, tlm clianl I bleye ist, in tin, main 1, nil of thu Jixhib ffi I pudding next ho! unlay afternoon aud evls I nig. llto programme is au mmsnslly emd I one, nud coimirisos n vnnoty ot ulldutio ,ms,|, I 'ike different cycling clnbs liavu given tE I nctivo support ami nutranngo in order to ono m I a suecras. < All- RoUuisoii lina recuivt d uuffl I cicnt oniric to mako good t)ort a .vr I tainty. r" I I I is niinouiicud by nil vertisoiiioilt in nnothor I col mini tlint a Jubifco Memorial Is Iwing sicocsl I by lira niotlicw of Victoria to IltrMahMv I tlio Quuun. ; jf I Mr Harold Sparks and Mr ,T. S. f)ut(w„ I dropped in for a few minulcs lo lust niclif, I meeting of '1 UK If KllAt.ll Boys' Hvcelsior Class nud liotli gentlemen, nt Mr burster's sue I grrtion, brtelly nddrcssed tlm Inds. Jfr I Sparks, it'lio wits outlmsinsticnllv rec'eiveil I raid tlint tlio people of CliclUmliiim wot dcllglilwl with tlio liclinvior of the lsivs I Ho inoiitiomxl that Mr Attcnlsnoiigii declnroi litn Heiui.ii hoys set n good example U tho boya of ClielLmjiain, and then-aidants of Uriel,. I Ion had duluriumud to lmvo Tun Ukiiau, |k,j# down to givo on oiitorrnimiiciit iu tlieir Tmvn Hall. Aftueacapital speech from Hirers dm energetic secretary, a liearty i nto of thanks mur linsseil to Jfr Sparks for his kind efforts, nn tho motion of a moodier of tho chum. Mr b'arstor notified that n " Beading nml Writing Claw would sliort.y bo starterl in tliu hall On Thurwlay eveniiig iiuxt Mr Barber, who lends ' Mr burster valunblo aid ru in, good work, will givo a magic lantern oiitnrtninmuiit in tlio luill. Tlio subjeet wdl bo '"Jim Kgyptiau War," and a collection will bo inada from the lv,.-» mid thu public who attend, to dofray the inci. dental c'xjkjmku. Tho wuokly cntortalmmmt iu comicclion with The Hkualu Buys' Try lCxcolsioi- Class was givon in their hall. Little Collin street yowterday owning, and |v.ised off successfully! Mr Foster rend a kindly letter to the hova from Mr Harold Sparks, tho promoter of tlio omicert given by thu Class nt Chultenliam, on Thursday, in aid of thoir Jubilee Colfeu Stall, and it was nnnoiinccd that thu proeccda would amount to a goodly sum. Mr Harold Sparks, in a letter to Mr Foster, wrote " Everyouo will help thoso who are willing to help themselves, ami thu boys have certainly shown n thorough willingness in doing thin," Mr Spnrka spcoinlly expressed hi thanks to thu (oomhbtu Shire Council for their patron- nco, to t he Railway Commissioners for kindly providing freo jiasso on thn railways to aud from Cheltenham, to. tho President of tho Shire, and also Mr J. &L; Smith, -for their con tributions of LI each, to Mr Georgo Orfordfor printing and adverting free of cost, and to Mr W. MT'heison for uso of trajw. Last Thiesdny ovuning a number of tho waif and strays of tlio alloy off Littlo Bourko street wero entertained in tlio Goswl Hall by thoir friend, who couducb a mission school in tho vicinity. After the children wore gathered and a verso of a jxjpulnr melody BUtig, tho exertion of their host and hostesses wero greatly taxed in supplying tlio eatables, &<x, for which groat demand wa mndc. Tho brightness ami grntitudo manifested must havo, _ however, well repaid nil tho labor and exertion put forth in contributing to the en- oyment of thu gnest. Ten over, hearty sing ing—now to tlio canon of harmony— was prac- tlsed, interspersed with eoveral short addresses, in which notably tlio almost-forgotten art of atory-toljing was vory effectively revived. Aftnr thiR thft linll wns rlnin.rl nf nriifB. A'r.. and tho children told to enjoy themselves in their own way. Of courso game in which uoisu formed an important element wero popular, in which tho cider friends evinced in tense interest, and a moro joyous assemblage could not bo oonceivcd. Next Monday, at Victor's Athletic HalJ, Clarko# and Morris aro to box six round, " Marquis of Qucouaburry rules, for gato ic- cciole, In addition, a grand programme) of boxing is promised. 