A GH[OST-AND A REAL ONE. The following story was told by Mr. Butler, of London, to Lady Blomfield. Mr. Butler, when a boy at Harrow, con tracted a most intimate friendship with another lad. They worked, they walked, they played together, and in order to still more solemnly enijhasise their friendship, they one day cut a hole in each other's arm, and signed a paper in each other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the survivor in person at the moment of his decease. After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw but little of each othef. Their lives lay far apart. The friend went out to India, Mr. Butler to college, and then to the English Bar. An eager corres pondence was maintained at first, but as years rolled on it slackened, and the friendship gradually died away, as boyish friendships will. One wintry day, Mr. Butler, oppressed by business, worried and overworked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, and, cold as it was, determined to run down to that comfortable little inn, The Whea Whetshcaf (by Virginia Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlour, the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was startled by the face of a man looking in at the window. He did not know the face, and yet it seemed to have a mysterious attraction for him. He got up pro sently, under pretence of relighting his pipe, and passed before the window to exanine the face more closely. It re minded him of someatting, hI know not what-someono. , Yes, it sud denly flashed across his' mind, that was the face, not of the boy he had known so well, but of a man such as that boy might have grownl into, such as hle prom hally would be anow (though Mr. Butler had not sno him for years). ;Die. turbndl by thins adden roeawakening of old recollection,, Mr. Blutlor epoke to the landlord, " 'Thlro's a man looking in at the indollw," aidl ho. "Ilnpou. hlin, sir," wits the relly. " That win. dow onlly lookl into the court, anld the gate of that was shut an hour ago." The face bhad disappeared ! Mr. Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his seat, but could not rest-a strange haunting sense of uneasiness took possession of him. Once more he rose to his feet. "It is stifling here," he said. " I must go out. I cannot breathe!" "You had better not, sir," said the landlord, as lihe opened the door; " thero's a keen east wind blowing, and you'll catch your death of cold." Now The Wheatsheaf is close to the lake, and MIr. Butler, stopping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night -and as he gazed the darkness seemed to grow and gather itself together, deepening into a sort of focus, which appeared to him like the mouth of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within by lamps, and as the train approached he saw in the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal struggle. One had the other by the throat, and was forcing him backward towards the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all his might when suddenly the door of the car riage flow open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butler's feet. Then, bending over the man, Mr. Butler looked into his face, and behold ! it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the window, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before ! And again, even as he looked, the face had melted into air, the lighted train, the tunnel, the body of the victim, all had disappeared, and he stood alone there by the waters edge, in the deep, dark wintry night. With a cry of horror, he staggered back into the house, and in answer to the landlord's anxious inquiries said: "I am ill-evidently in a high state of fever-delirious. It won't do for me to be laid up here. I must go back to town as fast as I can." And late as it was, he went off to the station, and back by the last train to London. Tne next morning Mr. Butler awoke, some. what refreshed by his excursion, in spite of the unpleasant associations connected therewith. He found awaiting him some interesting work, into which' he plunged, and the incidents of the past night were forgotten. Two days later, however, they were recalled to his recol lection when, walking in Piccadilly, he saw, on the other side of the way, a gentleman whom he had known slightly in former days as being the brother of. his schoolboy friend. Mr Butler crossed over to. him at once.. " What news of Arthur?" he inquired. " Bad news," said the other, gravely. "Dead ?" said. MIr."Butler. A melancholy shake of the head was the only reply. " Killed ? Thrown out of a railway train ?" con tinued he, excitedly. "Too true," re turned the brother, regarding him with undisguised astonishment. " But how on.earth did you know ? We only re. ceived the telegram from India this morning. Mr. Precce, at the last meeting of the British Society of Telegraph Engineers, quoted some interesting statistics with regard to the development of telephonic communication in the United States and in Europe. In 1885 there were 325,574 telephones in the United States and 18,000 in Canada, while in Eng land there were only 13,000. The number of telephones in the principal nities of Europe was as follows :-Bor lin, 4,248; London, 4,193; Paris, 4,054 ; Stockholm, 3,825; Rome, 1,054 ; Manchester, 1,171 ; Liverpool, 1,169 ; and Glasgow, 1,046. Le Petit Journal, of Paris, in its edition of the 13th of November, announces an increase of size amount ing to four columns of matter. It will still remain a little journal in size, however, and also retain its well-known character of compressing the news of the world into the smallest possible compass. The announcement is ac companied by 'some interesting figures concerning its publication. It claims to print 900,000 copies daily, on ten presses, each printing 40,000 copies an hour. It claims to have an army of 20,000 employes, including correspon dents in France and foreign countries. The London committee of the Melbourne Exhibition have no yet been convened for business. The agent.general is, in fact, waiting for emoro detailed imformation from Victoria before he moves further in the matter. Excepting Mr. Rowe, (was cannot be found), and Mr. Paterson, who is absent from England, all the gentleman nominated have consented to act, and Mlr. R. S. Walpolo, will officiate as secretary, at anyrate until Mr. Deakin arrives. The British manufacturers intend to make a brave show at the Adelaide Jubileo Exhibition. Now that the applications for space have closed, it transpires that 770 British exhibitors. havo boon allotted 80,000ft. of space, while, in addition there is a considerable number of Belgian, Ger man, and American exhibitions. The excellence of the British collection of of pictures and works of art is assured, but Belgian artists too will send a not unworthy representation of their skill" The Belgian collection of oil paintings will comprise 100 oil paintings, 7 water colours, 25 sculptures and 15 engravings. These have been in spected by the Royal Academy of Arts at Antwoerp, and will be sent out under the auspices of the British Royal Commission. There will also be 00 industrial exhibits from Belguim. 