THE YANYARIE GHOST AND MODERN SPIRITISM:. TO THE EDITOR Sir— In a few centuries, if not before, people will read and think over the stories of the ' spirit manifestations' of the 19th century as we now read and think over the witch stories stories of former times. We can imagine the pity with which the mind of any one living in educated circles in tiie year 3100 will be filled for those deluded persons who now oftU in the aid of corporeal 'mediums' and of 'invisible spirits'(of tiie existence of whom we have not any proof whatever) to aooount for several phenomenal of the causes of which they axe altogether ignorant. Even supposing that it should never be discovered how the noises were produced which disturbed the quiet of Mr.-Hamdorf's household, and which are now said to be annoying the family of Mr. Rode ghiero, still it would be the height of human oily to attribute them to the wandering 'spirit' of the little girl's mother, er of the drowned shepherd, or of any other deceased or living person. In faot we have no clear evi dence of or reason for believing that the 'spirit' (mind) of man or of any other crea ture can exist either in a passive or active state apart from the In ing nervoup organism with which, bo far as we are capable of judging, it must ba inseparably connected. With all due deference to your correspondent, Mr. Geo. L. Barrow, I submit that only visionaries have ever been impressed by so called ' Bpiiitual communications' said to have been received through the ** celestial telegraph,' or nave ever beheld, touched, or danoad with what is termed in spiritist circles 'a materialised spirit,' or nave ever witnessed truman limbs and forms being tfroiTBd feomor whish bad fceen evoftwl fnWJ ? medtumistie organising,11 or have ever «ome into contact with any «* medium between the living and the spirit of the dead.' The case cited by Mr. Barrow in support of the genuineness of what be calls 'spiritual phenomena' is not only devoid of that neces sary evidence which is essential to establish it, but it also lacks the evidence that alone could convince the strict and unbiassed scientific in vestigator that the exploits which were wit nessed by Professor Grookes, Sergeant Cox, and others on the occasion referred to were not performed by a human agent or agents. As yet no true or thorough scientific test has demonstrated tiie reality of 'spiritism.' A belief in or a predisposition to believe in either ghosts or spiritism is pat an advantageous qualification to the scientist. Instead of assisting any one in investigating any particularly strange phenomenon it -mil probably lead him to form false conclusions respecting it by which he wfll most likely succeed in deceiving others as well aa himself. Let those who may seek to unravel tiie mysteries of the so-called 'Yanyarie ghost' be folly persuaded of the fact that no sound which is heard by man can be produced by any other than a purely natural cause or combina tion of purely natural causes. Let them en deavor to discover a natural cause or causes for the noises, and they will be more nicely to find a satisfactory explanation of the same,— I am, &c;, GHA.S. RO3E. fttay 28, 1887. 