One Day of My Life. To-day is ray birthday, and bind Iriendi shower gifts ana congratula tion! on me. I smile and laugh witty the gayest; yet my heart is full of bit ter sorrow and remorse and unavailing regrets. Although to a superGcial observer my lot has seemed a bright and for tunate one, .there is one day or my life of which this very day is the anni versary, which has cast a dark shadow | over all my future, "and my ioul from out that bhailow shall be lifted evermore." 1 It was my 14th birthday, b bright &nd; lovely day in early autumn, and Id honour of the occasion ol my favour ite friends, Julius and Emily, were in vited to spend the whole day with tne. Oh, how happy we were! We had our tea in the garden—a •umptaous i repast, to which toe did ample justice. Then we rambled about the spacious enclosure, picking fruit and flower* to oar heart's content. I remember Julia and Emily made a lovely wreath anil crowned me with it, declaring I was to be their queen. " Don't tie picking all my fruit and flowers, young ladies," said old John the gardener; but we only laughed at him. Afterward*, as the evening grew chilly, we entered the house, and ait-' ting round the fire we amused ourselves | first by talking about friends, and then telling stories. One led on to another, < and at least we essayed to frighten each other by relating the most gruesome ghost stories we coold think of. After a time Julio, said suddenly, " How thoughtfully you look, Katie; I think I frightened you with that last story of mine." " Nonsense," said I; " but I have thought of something amusing. Will you and Emily leave the room for five minutes, while I hide myself ?" i An elfish, or rather I should say a diabolical, idea had entered my head, for I now firmly believe it was an in spiration ol'.the evil one. When (he two girl* had left me 1 extinguished all ihe lighis, and, draw ing up the blinds, lei a flood of moon light into (he room. It was a spacious apartment, full ol nooki and cornersi | which (brew dark ebadovra over a great portion of it. A door opened , oo the garden, and a large elm-tree growing near the houte waved its weird-like branches against the window-pane. Ihe room looked uncanny; the •hadowi assumed grotesque shapes, and the moonlight which streamed in at the window, combined with the light from the fire, made these seem more grotesque. My heart almost failed me, but I was resolved to carry out my idea; it would be «ucb fun I thought. Selecting a dark corner, where only a few rays of flickering moonlight fell, I laid myself down full length ou the floor, and, rigidly stretching out my limbs and Jolding my hands, assumed the appearance of death. . I remember I caught a glimmering reflection of myself in the mirror oppo site, and was half-startled and inclined to relinquish my pnrpose when I saw it. Ah I if I had only listened to my good angel; but tho hand of Fate was oo me, and I »u destined to carry out to the bitter end her fell behest. . To add an additional horror to my appearance, I took two pennies out of my pocket and placed one ovor cach eve. . The five minutes soon passed, aud then I heard Julia and Emily enier (be room. " How iirange," (hey both explained, ''she has.put out (he lights." " I lee.l rather frightened," said Emily, who was the most timid; the room looks so gloomy." " Oh, nonsense," replied Julis. " It was very clerer of her to put out the Jigbt; it will be more fun to find her. j Sou go and look under the «ofas and chairs, while I look into all,,.the cor ners." j/ I heard them poking about here and there, and was afraid they would I stumble over my feet in tho dark. AtI i.last Julia cxclaimcd, " Oh. look, LEmily, there it is; but how slrango ■ho looks." Both girls now stood over and £ knew somehow iliey were wiring, at mo though my eyes were Katie! ICaiic =they cried, " liavo found you; -the gametic M^u,4on'i iry 10 frighten ns." i my arm to'drag me up, j but Vdotwteiaed to carry out my | gamp to ibe^uter end, let it fall limply oot ofhergrasp. | , «nid;jtOor Emily, in a fpiot, heart-«ick *oiee, I'm ' afraid she is dead, And look at her ejrea, how dreadtal they look." . I could keep my cotintenatice nn longer, so ^jiringih^iop with a ^rilcL faurii ol -Irttijjhter I caught the tt/rified girl rpuritl dm waW; and Unified roowd ihe rocrtn' with her. Suddenly I. fell her • loriii grow heavy and rigid in my grasp, and with a piercing scream of 'agony, which will echo in my brain to my dying day, ihe unfortunate girl ■lid from my arm and aunk to the floor dead.— E. J. T. Roose. 