Ifoovdiet. DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING An Autobioohapht. »-M . (Reprinted from1'The Australasian" of 1867 by Special Permission') CHAPTER X. TUB < dutch is bix'. AMD he bites again, Oil arriving at MaidBtouo I went to the Railway'Irin, and remained there till tlie next morning. Not liking the Iioubo muolV, I removed in tlie course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always givo tho world a full account of my proceedings when I am doiny others, it is only fair that I should bo equally communicative when I got done myself. , I affected billiards, and fanciod I could play well. There was a billiard-room in tho hotel, mid to it I went on the evening after my nirival thero. There was present a rather stylish-looking person, who intro duced himsolf to mo in the courso of the night. He told mo ho was an officer in tho Royal Artilley, and had recently invented somo wonderful rookot, which he gave a vory hard name to which I forget. Ho invited me to play with him. 1 did so, and won £5 from him that night, promis ing to moot him thero tho next evening. But I wbb not to bo done in that manner. I knew it was a common practice among sharpers to allow the victim to win some thing at first, and as I had somo slight idea . that tho artillery gentleman's munitions of war were furnislied chiefly by his wits, I was not going to bo pluoked bo innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been suffer ing from a nervous attack all day. The! officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered into conversation in the most digar/6 manner, and finally proposed to introduce mo to a young lady to whom he was paying his addresBOS. I acconipainod him in a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I know not, and wo alighted at a little cottage, into the parlor of which wo wero immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her appearance. I was introduced in tho approved fashion— "Miss Nelson, Mr. Hamilton,—Mr. Hamilton, Miss Nelson." I havo never Been Miss Nelson since that evening, but I retain a most lively recollection of her. Sho was good-looking, could sing charmingly, and had tho most fascinating manner imaginable. Wino was introduced, and although 1 drank only a couple of glasses, it had suoh an ' effeot upon me that I found it im possible to keep my eyes open. Of tho \- after events of that night I can remember but little. Tho noxt morning I awoke with a most splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal Hotel. I jumped out of my bod and dressed myself, and on examining my pockets I found that I had been robbed of all my money except a solitary £10 note, which, being in a separate pocket, had either escaped notice or been charitably left me by the thief. All thieves are dread ful bad'losers. I was no exception to the rule, and I could havo cried for very vexa tion. I rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. Ho told me that I was brought to the hotel about one o'clock that morning ; that the gentleman who came with me in tho cab ; said I had finished two bottles of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated; that he and the gentleman had carried me upstairs, . and that the gentleman gave him half a " sovereign, telling him to undress me and get me into bed. Of courso I saw in a moment that it was a regular " diamond : out-diamond " affair, ana as talking would ' not bring my money baok, I said nothing of my loss. I have seen the " military officer " since then. We worked together in chains in the same cart some few years ago, and I only reoognized him by his telling the atoiy of the "youngswell at Maidstone " for the especial ediuoation of myself and the other oart parties. Having been ao completely cleaned out, it behoved me to buoklo to at onco to re plenish my empty pooketa, and as my funds would not admit of any lehgthy " finessing schemes, I was compelled to com ' metice immediate operations. That very , day, witK the zeal of ancient Strabo, I made mytfelf completely master of the geo graphy of the place, and before night I not only knew how nil the rooms were situated, buthadmadomyself pretty well acquainted with the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it is quito common for a well-dressed thief to take apartments in an hotel and " barber all the inmates ; in other words, to get up in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal as much as possible. This, in technical language, is called " Dancing a luslnng drum. Philosophers define instinct as " knowledge prior to experience," and as I certainly at that time was wholly without experience in such matters, I must have been under the guidance of the instinctive faculty. , , I didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The book was of a moral and religious charac ter, but it failed to influenco mo with its. arguments. By one o'clock the house was silent, and out I glided, like a ghost. I felt , a little nervous on entering the first room; but, despito the model sys tem, I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying occasion, and on this first esBay in the "dancing" line I was soon as cool as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to the dressing table, pocketed purses, watches, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produce " money, and money in any way." I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The next bedroom to that in which I Blept was un occupied, and with the pocket-handker chief of a commercial gentleman whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I tied all the watchoB, purses, etc., together, entered the empty .bedroom, and placed them safely out of sight on a ledge up the cliimnoy, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this m a neat and workmanlike manner, I retired to bed. . At eight o'clock I jumped out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang the bell violently. A waiter very soon ap peared. ' " Tell tho landlord I want him j fetch the police, I have boon robbed in tho night. Twenty-three pounds and a pro missory note for thirteen, my studs and my pocket-book, all gone. Who could have done it ?" Tho waiter didn't let me go to the end of my sentence, for ho ran to tho landing and called out, "Here's No 7 has been served the same." Up cq,me the landlord. Ho said he was Borry in tho extreme 5 ho couldn't con ceivo how tho thing could have been dono. No loss had over been experienced in his house before. -He was sjirry, _ very sorry. The polico had been sent to inves tigate tho matter, and he hoped they would succeed ! in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen haa been robbed also. Tho inspector of polico camo shortly aftorwards, and looked into tho rooms, and under the bedB, as if he thought tho thief might have taken a fancy to have a nap there, aBked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost,and then went away shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week, gratis, for as no funds had arrived for mo I told tho landlord I should be forced to loave my bill unsettled. Under tho circum stances tho landlord of course could not reasonably demur, and at the week's ond I left Maidstone, and procoeded by tho coach to Chatham. I noed scarcely observe that I had during tho week removed tho " goods and chattels " from the chimney lodgo, and conveyed them to Chatham without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon tho " military gentleman, for although hot in tho house on tho night in quostion, he was well acquainted with the promisos, and liiB sudden disappearance was unac countable, otherwise than by connecting him with the robbery. Thus was my own safety secured, and I afc the same time " gratified a double grudgo "—against the world and against my particular antago nist. ^Tho money .result of; my flight's foray amounted to some forty odd pounds —just suflicient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimis ing the world. ' ; , 