A MYSTERIOUS STONE FORT. (NAoBTt.LLE AZmRICAN.) There is nothing in Tennessee, or in the South, whose antiquity is so mysterious and entirely beyond the domain of decent pecu lation as the old stone fort, which is a mile and a half below the town of Manchester. The two prongs of Duck River come within, say, 200 yards of each other, and then widen out, making a territory of perhaps 1,000 acres in the forks of the river, and below the Narrows. At the Narrowes the fort com. mences by a astone wall, now covered with earth, running from one river to the other., and there the walls are built along the banks of both rivers down to a point where a canal had been cut from one river to the other ; there a wall is made from one river to., the other, perhaps a quarter of smile. On the outside of this wall is a hollow and in. this hollow is the sign of the canal or cut evidently intended to protect the fort by both the wall and the canal. From the upper tothe lower wall, at places, there are high bluffs on both rivers. Wherever bthis bluff-precipitonu-is found there is nowall, but wherever there is no natural barrier the wall is built. The entrance to the fort was at the upper end, and the gateways show that the builders were doing their work intelligently. The entrance is by a narrow passway, with walls on either side, end offsets so as to prevent the enemy on the outside from having a direct entrance fot themselves, and so as to protectthoe on the inside from missiles on the outside. The fort contains forty-seven acree, and is, oh was, when the writer first saw it, heavily timbered, many of the trees of largs size growing on top of the walls. Colonel Sam Murray, who settled there about 1SOS, cut one of the trees from the too of the wall and found it to he about 500 years old. One mile upthe river from the fort is an immense mound-the largest one perhaps in the country-making it pro bable that the fort was built by the mound builders. Beyond this nobody knows any thing aboout it. Colonel Murray, who was 1. man of high intelligence, claimed to have conferred with the Indians of different tribes, but none of them could give him any account of it, either by tradition or other wise. This fort is one of the many evideniod that in this country, at some remote period, there was a race of people of more stability and intelligence than the roving Indians which the first settlers found. From the time of the first settlement of the country there were ghost stories con nected with the old stone fort, which about . 1S3l culminated in a most remarkable epi-, sode In 1833, six gentlemen, men of high standins. who lived in the Murfreshbore gh went out in the neighbourhood of the old fort to have a fox hunt. The country was thinly settled, and there were many deer. After having camped out for several days. ' one night they saw strange sights, which caused them to leave next day. They were not communicative, hbut the story got cOt i and was muchtalked of. The next alt th same six gentlemen, with mne others, wcnt backand camped upcn the same spot, 1it was said thatthey were quite anxious t see the same sights that had been seen before. But a week passed, and they saw nothing, though they were quite succeesful In killing deer. Atthe end of about a week aman named Latimer got two small bogs in the neighboer hood, and fixing up a dumb bull went out to see how they would stand a strange noise. It was in the Fall, a frosty night. The hunters had abigfire and werein agreest glee. For three hours the dumb bull wag made to work from different points in the woods at a safe distance. At first the bunters were disposed to laugh, then they got quiet, finally they commenced shooting. Mane guns were fired. This was kept up until the man and two boys left. which was about mednight. Between midnight and day the whole fifteen men left the camp, leaving their meat and other things, and went to a farmhouse, the hosne where the tw : boys who bad been in the mischief were sleeping. Next morning the huners told wonderful stories about what they saw, how it came close up to the fire, and bowimpe? ? vious it was to their bullets, how it changed about from an animal to a woman, and what it would say. The two boys were as still as mice, for they had stolen off from thelr father by the persuasion of Latimer, who was himself a hunter and wanted to drive these hunters away. The fiflteen men let that morning and went back to Mnrfreesborough to verify and makecood the ghost story of the year befoe. The story got Into the newsnapersl and was,. the biggest sensation that had turned up foe many years. But it got out that a hunter and two boys bad scared them away. This was denied, and the ghost theory was main. tained with heroic verity. This knighthood service in the land o" ghosts took place fifty-three years ago. All the paricipasts are dead hut oneof the hops, who lives to write this story and to verify its truth. 