ELD agaLl on Saturday, |)V»rt. which will give us ty of iov<-nwn! witnessing for ourselves the great f Pioiul.,,,, l ' ielld "Augur" has informed us It visit rapidly forward on tbe occasion of a »iiib2 in f of the Wyndham Racing Club, held » e be eoon that numbered amongst tbe ort. .' ; ' e(J1 i were they dependent on local fot i n su „i, m ! e 'hey get metropolitans to invade tbe l&l; trains in s K>a!s as t were conveyed by tbe three J here's i? h . atui ' (ia y there can be no such word as l er 6reeni»vi e - k e n °usiest of Flemington nousey May himself out for Wyndham, and on l3 rgreatex-P ii S " didn 't niak enna (Scottish lc epirtt, , e > mistake as to the capabilities of v abou? t g Jy The Diver. Romanoff has a Russian f%o«iteiv although I have no doubt he is I eu 'tbeeu dv" a t nied ' 1 cannot help thinking (and Ppriately desigu^tfjj t g at have been just as .•fiS^r f »'iend, Bob Sevior, must have Ptangbim ayiu S ball to Snip when he succeeded r !hi s coiin .'V"® 1 tl ' um Ps at the end of five furlongs, 'us knn f 'i C , on 1 observe that after his victory dowu tQ M which o7 r ' E - Weeks for 8 me ter Snir j a-thinking. When I first Pjor. T)V„, , Was owned by Weeks and trained l^or. Aui e " was sold toy Weeks and trained tel. .. " C '^Its. s l 0 now ?w he is trained by Sevior alld and bought ? ^'attiorH ! e^ween JL the Rajah of Futtygur and or WhnV VhiV! 8 reall y a very hard hai matter to decide »»uat s TOhn.f 111 nnnn^fim > nritli flizi n ri£*f\ -Enn wllat in connection with the aged u u otl3oatmanand Elisabeth. I DIDN'T hear it myself, but one who did informed me that the Wily One gave the Backwoodsman some rare tongue pie on Saturday. As a general thing Josephus has the bump of secretiveness abnormally, developed, but there are occasions, when he has failed to cheat surprise and prying eyes, on which he loses his customary caution, and utters some thoughts which are all the more unpalatable because they are true. COMMOTION is still in the land of the living, and in all probability likely to continue so. "Early this week I saw the old fellow in his paddock at Bagotville, and although he could only manage to hobble along with difficulty, his trainer, Mr. P. F. Dakin, was delighted at the improvement that has taken place in him of late, and the evident interest he takes in his surroundings. He didn't look much like a three thousand guinea horse as he stood there ; but still, when he drew himself up and pricked his ears the whole contour was that of a worthy scion of the good old Panic blood that was " game to death." ANOTHER celebrity I had the pleasure of interviewing was Fryingpan. Everything progressing favourably with tbe son of Bethnal Green and Saucepan.it is the Hon. W. Pearson's intention to put him into work again, and provided be stands a preparation I question whether we have seen the best of him yet. The " gamey " leg doesn't look reassuring, however; and Mr. Dakin will have a very anxious time of it should "the Pan" ever again patronise the training tracks for strong work. Always a wiry taking hcrse to the eye, his spell has made him as round as an apple, hi6 coat shining like silk. " I think he should have won more races than he did during his turf career," remarked Mr. Dakin as he closed the door of bis box; the laughing rejoinder being that a trainer should feel highly satisfied when—judging from appearances—the baudicapper considered that he was worth a good 7lb. to each and every horse under his care. But Mr. Dakin does not look at it in that light. Some people are so obtuse. IN fact I may say a lot of people. Quite a number of owners are cavilling at the very peculiar manner in which some gentlemen's horses are time after time thrown into handicaps after winning, whilst others are never given the ghost of a squeak. And yet the latter will not have it that the handicapper is appraising the value of their horses by continually loading them up. They remind one of the tale anent tbe aborigines in South Australia, who were gathered together once a year to be presented with blankets and to sing " Hallelujah." One year they sang " Hallelujah" and they didn't get any blankets. On the following year, when they were once more asked to warble " Hallelujah ' before they received their rugs, they exclaimed, "Dam ' Hallelujah!' Gib us blanket." WITH the exception of a few of them having slight colds our juveniles are all progressing favourably at the headquarters of racing—yclept Flemington; and everything portends that the year of grace 1887 will prove a veritable Turf Jubilee Year. I saw the Apremont— Watersprite colt being put through his facings during the week, and, although he is rather poor in condition— which he shouldn't be after a ten days' spell on shipboard if he was shipped in anything like trim—I am of opinion that Mr. A. R. Blackwood will have no cause to reeret having purchased him. He will take any quantity of toning down though, for as I watched him learning the rudiments of his profession, the words of Byron, in <• Mazeppa," flashed across ray mind— " He was in truth a noble steed— A Tartar of the Ukraine breed." And a thundering lot of the Tartar, too, at that. A LITTLE imbroglio took place on Saturday at Wvndbam, which somewhat delayed the start for the first event (the Flying Handicap). It appears that Mr. M Griffin the owner of the then first favourite (St. Michael) claimed Mr. Whittingham's jockey, Richmond,to ride his colt on the strength of some previous arrangement. Mr 'Whittingham objecting, the matter was brought before the stewards, who upheld Mr. Whittingham, the consequence being that Griffin was left without a iockev, and had to scratch his colt at the last moment. It is an ill wind that blows nobody any good, however, and those astute individuals who either divined or were nut fly as to how the cat was likely to jump, utilised their knowledge by getting on to the ultimate wmner (Mr. Whittingham's Prattler) at the mce little odds of 4 to 1— the remarkable thing about the race being that Richmond did not ride him after all. There was madness when the state of affairs became known, the backers of St. Michael being under the impres- sion that another brilliant koo had been effected. Owing to the peculiar circumstances under which he was placed the stewards allowed Mr. Grilliu to scratch St. Michael just before the start without the usual penalty (a fine not exceeding £20). WHICH was not the O.K. thing for the stewards to do. It was establishing a very bad precedent. Granted that inflicting a tiue would have been Uard lines for Mr. Griffin. You cannot make laws to suit individual cases, and the " ulta-pomatum" of the Wyndham stewards has opened the door to fraud very widely indeed. The very best gag of the match-box trick men and others of that ilk is to get up a dispute between themselves, and allow tbe Mullet to decide the question and drop his sugar. No, no. The laws which govern racing in Victoria (those of the V.R.C.) should be like unto those of tbe Medo- Persians, which altereth not. IN referring to the Wyndham dispute just referred to, Monday's Argus contains a curious sentence, as follows:—" The matter was investigated by the stewards, who decided against Mr. Griffin as a matter of course." What does it mean ? Where does the " matter of course" come in? Is the paragraph intended to convey the information that in preferring his claim Mr. Griffin hadn't a leg to stand on (though the decision of the stewards in re the fine business doesn't seem to warrant that construction being put upon it); or is there a covert insinuation that the Wyndham stewards—like some handicappers—are much condemned [" Shake speare"] to have an inherent love for further larding a fat pig ? For myself, I give it up; my readers, having paid their money, can take their choice. THE Duchess of Montrose ("Mr. Mantou ") has started the English raciug season by wiuuiug the Lincolnshire Handicap, of the value of 1000 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each added. The hero of the occasion was Oberon, a four-year-old son of Galopiu and Wheel of Fortune, who carried 7st. 81b., and traversed tbe mile in lmin 45£sec. Oberon was bred by Lord Falmouth, and at the" Heath Home sale was purchased by the Duchess for '2500 guineas as a yearling. Lp to bis Lincolnshire victory he had only once proved successful in a race ; but as he started at the nice little odds of 50 to 1 for tbe event under notice, it is more than probable tome in the know threw in for a small pile. NOMINATORS of horses in the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Steeplechase, Hurdle Race and Glen Huntly Handicap, to be run on Saturday, are reminded that all horses not scratched by four o'clock this (Thursday) afternoon will be considered acceptors, and their owners held responsible for the sweepstake. AND on Monday (be it known by these presents) the General Entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club Autumn Meeting, to be held at Flemington on Tuesday, the 24th May, will close by four p.m.; the weights beinc announced to make their appearance in the morning papers of the 16th May. The programme issued bv Mr. R. Grice is an excellent one, being constituted as follows :-Handicap Hurdle Race 100 sovs about a mile and a-half and a distance ; Selling Race, lOOsovs.. half-a-mile; Handicap Steeplechase, 175sovs„ two miles; Birthday Handicap, 250sovs, three- quarters of a mile; Selling Hurdle Race, 75sovs, one mile and a -auarter. The nomination fee in each instance is lsov. the acceptance for the Birthday Handicap being 4sovs. at scale. READING that Navigator, St. Albans, First King, Robinson Crusoe, Neckersgat, Gang Forward Goldsbroueh Idalima. Phil Athol, Martini-Henry, Chester, Monmouth, Ep gram, Grand Flaneur, Moorthorpe, P!?nviot and Sardony:: comprise the seventeen stallions nominatedlto the Australian Jockey Club Sires' Produce Stakes of 1891 reminds me that very excellent sporting frnner the Sydney Tribune, directs attention to the fact that a neculiar error has come to light with reference to Tockev Club Sires' Produce Stakes, to be the Austiahan Jockey ° autumn 0f 1888, no less than 6 13 entries having been received and published in the iinnkR the nroeeny of sires that were never nSat^d The conditions of the race areas follow :- I J C SmiiS'PRODUCE STAKES, of lOsovs. each, Ssovs. forfeit with 420sovs added by the owners of the under mentioned sires. For then two-year-olds, the produce of S r Vespasian (imp.), Darebin, Argus Scandal, St. Albans (imij.) Piscator, Robinson Crusoe, Grand Prix, Maribyrnong, Grand Flaneur, Moorthorpe (imp.), Chester, S n Avenal, Glorious (imp.), Larpeut, Epigram fi^ni'fiomnus (imp.), Sunlight, The Drummer (imp. SsbrouXIcS (imp.), and Guinea. Colts, 8st. 101b„ ffilies, 8st781b. No allowance to geldings. Second horse 0 per cent., and third horse 5 per cent., on gross amount f stakes, to be deducted therefrom. Owner of sire of inner to receive a piece of plate value 50sovs. from the take. Forfeit to be paid before four p.m. on day preceding race, or nominator will be liable for whole stake. Seven furlongs. (70 subscribers.) Of these 70 tbe Hon. James White is answerable for ten, and among them there is a Musket filly, a Martini-Henry filly and a Grandmaster colt. Mr. J. Lee also nominated ten, four of them being by Kingsborougli and two by John Bull. Mr. A. Town is responsible for a couple of dozen, of whom four claim Sardonyx as sire. But neither Musket, Martini-Henry, Grandmaster, Kiugsborougli, John Bull nor Sardonyx were nominated for the event, and, consequently, so far as their produce is concerned, the jig is up. SATURDAY is the opening day of the football season proper, and here are tbe most important fixtures:— Carlton v. St. Kilda, at Prince's Oval, Carlton; Essendon v. South Williamstown, on E.M.C.C. Ground; Fitzroy v. Prabran, at Fitzroy; Hotham v. Footscray, at Hotbam; Geelong v. Richmond, at Geelong; Melbourne v, University, on M. F. Ground; Port Melbourne v. Williamstown, at Port Melbourne; South Melbourne v. Ballarat, at South Melbourne. THAT courteous old Almanac, Dave Scott (of Boyle and Scntt), has forwarded me a copy of The A.B.C. Football Guide for the Season 1887, for which I am truly thankful. The Guide is a splendid production, and anyone desiring anything better—well, long may he want it. Them's my sentiments. THE six days' (ten hours a-day) bicycling contest, which was brought to a termination at the Inhibition Building ou Saturday night, resulted in an easy victory for Clarke (of Aberdeen), who traversed slightly"over 7S0 miles. The result was a foregone conclusion after ltolfe retired from tbe arena ou Friday morning, which was occasioned through the committee disallowing bis protest against Clarke for the latter passing liim on the inside, contrary to the rules governing the competition. At this time Rolfe was only GG0 yards behind Clarke, their nearest attendant being Roberts, who was 11 miles behind tbe leader. At the termination of the tournament the prizes were decided as follows :—Clarke (first prize £100, and a trophy to be won twice), 780 miles; Roberts (second prize, £50), 772 miles 7 furlongs; Wyburd (third, t'30), 725 G furlongs; Mitchell (fourth, .£20), GS3 miles; llolfe being next with 5:39 miles. As showing bow little exhausted Clarke was by his efforts (he only lost 8lb. in weight during tbe six days) it may be mentioned that during the last four miles he spurted, and sustained a once equal to anything attained during the competition. Financially the afi'air must have been a great success f "v large attendances during the week were capped by clo S3 upon 10.000 persons assembling to witness the termination of the tryst on Saturday evening. CONQUERING and to conquer, Tom White's Norwood Kennels, Burwood, furnished a divider of one Bracelet (Home) and the winner of another (Hazel wood) at the Ladies'Bracelet Meeting of the Victoria Coursing Club at tbe Oval last Monday. " GREAT Ccesav's ghost !" I involuntarily ejaculated as Idropned the paper from my nerveless hands on Tuesday morning, " Do I sleep? Do I dream? Do I wonder and doubt? Are things what they 6eem ? Or are visions about ? Is our Civilisation a failure ? Or is BILLY FAG AN played out?" The cause of my perturbation being that I discovered in a match between A. Bishop's white fawn dog Leonidas (by Chesterfield-Busyfoot), and W. H. Fa.gan's fawn white dog Fantome Fortune (by Oversman 11.—Betsy Baker II.), the latter lost two out of three courses, for i'JOO, albeit he started with odds of 5 to 2 on him. Oh, Billy ! Billy! And only to think that I can remember when you was a bit of a ily man, some twenty years ago, when you were wont to come down into tbe Shades at old Charley Dowuie's and foregather with us—just to get a suit! of the types as it were. I DO not know a better example of how, by keeping a straight course, ou honour's head honours accumulate than the subject of uiy illustration this week, Mr. A. G. Major, ol' tin.'. South Melbourne Football Club. Born in IH.J-2, Mr. Major was educated at the Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne, where he won a prize for general gymnastics, as also trophies for throwing the cricket ball and the Champion prize of the school in the 150 yards' race, all competitors starting at scratch. During that period, owing to his relatives objecting to the game, Mr. Major played football under the rose as it were ; but, nevertheless, he represeuieJ his school in all first-class representative matches, whether at football or cricket. Mr. Major matriculated in the Melbourne University in 16GS, and afterwards became a "limb of the law." As a cricketer he achieved some credit through being one of tbe first Victorian Eleven to defeat an English Eleven (Lord Harris' team), when he carried out his bat for 27 in the second innings, and made the winning hit. As a footballer, Mr. Major was MR. A. <?. MAJ~OTt, Vice-President of the South Melbourne Football Club. Photo'd I'll W03d liy Tuitle aud I'o.'t process. • some pumkins" at the game, aud, as old fossils will tell you, ho was a rum 'un to tackle. South Melbourne—ever and always South Melbourne — to the backbone and spinal marrow, he was never an advocate of that senseless barracking every club is cursed with when at the top of tbe tree, and which the admirers of the South at one time carried to extremes. Still " his heart was true to Poll" and signs were on it, for on the allocation of the Charitable Fund two years ago, at the request of the South Melbourne Cricket Club, aud with the consent of the Victorian Football Association, he was duly nominated and accepted as Life Governor to the Alfred Hospital. Having filled the position of vice-president to the S. M. F. C. for many years it followed as a natural sequence that he should be elected a vice-president of the Football Association, and by a strange coincidence he occupies the same positions in tbe South Melbourne Cricket Club aud the Victorian Cricketers' Association. As selector of teams for some four years to the latter association, Mr. Major has performedbis onerous duties with excellent tact and rare judgment,aud now that business arrangements have caused him to resign the post, the general concensus of opinion amongst cricketers is that they are not likely to look upon his like again. THE football season proper is now upon us. and as I want to get to work upon prominent football players as soon as possible, next week I shall have a couple of secretaries under review—Messrs. Jas. H. Simpson, of Fitzroy, and J. Munro, of Hotham^ 