A JAPANESE BALLET. The following interesting account of a Japanese ballet is from The Times:— The Theatre of the Kaburenjo, or chief training school of the Kioto Maiko, has all the simplicity of architecture and decoration that is characteristic of the majority of Japanese buildings. It is of plain unvarnished and unpainted wood, the most striking features being the usual ponderous roof, carried on a single span of some 50 feet, and the high excellence of tbe carpenters' and joiners' work. Besides the main stage in front, there are two narrow stages, occupying the right and left sides of the building. On the fourth side, facing the main stage, is a large room-like box for the Imperial family and Court, and in front of it two or three tiers of raised seats, plainly a modern innovation. The body of the auditorium, occupying the space between the side stages, is a flat, undivided, matted area, in, or rather on, which the spectators sit in Japanese fashion, and solace themselves with their tiny pipes of fragrant tobacco and little cups of tbe neverfailing tea. On entering, we find the stage concealed by curtains of white silk crape, painted with pine, bamboo, and plum trees, the emblems of longevity, vigor, and fragrance. These are the only decorations. The lighting is of the simplest—footlights, with candles for the stage, and banging lamps and rows of candles for the rest of the interior. On the rise of the curtains the scene in front represents asummer-house in the grounds of tbe Mikado's palace, girt by a verandah with red lacquered steps and railings and with bamboo blinds. Right and left, on each side-stage, is a crimson dais, on which are seated eight girl-musicians, or geisha, from about 18 to 20 years of age, clotbed in soft raiment of brilliant hues, and got up from head to foot in the highest style of Japanese art. The eight on the right are players of the samisen, a species of three-stringed guitar, the chords of which are struck with an ivory plectrum; on those of the left four play the tsuzami, a-small d<um held in tbe air and struck with the hand; the other four performing alternately with the taiko, or flat drum, and bel's of delicate tone. Music and singing at once begun. These are of the quaint and, for the most part, somewhat dismal type peculiar to the higher flights of the musical arts in Japan, ft is difficult to convey au idea of them. For Western ears they have but little melody, aud few inspiring strains. One must be a Japanese to appreciate them Time and tune, however, are evidently well kept, and the performance is doubtless good of its kind. And, if you cannot admire the music, you can at least forgive it in contemplation of the players. After a short overture, the Maiko appear, entering at the extremities of theside-stages, right and left of the Imperial box, and moving in single file towards the main stage. Their advance, extremely slow, can only be described as a progress, it is not a march, neither is it a dunce as we understand' tbe term. Stately almost to solemnity, yet full of grace, it is a series of artistic posturings and pantomime, in time with the music and accompanied, by the slowest possible forward movement. By the time all of the dansemes have entered, there are 16 on either side—young grls ot from about 15 to 17 years old. In dress tbey are counterparts of tbo musicians —aglow with scarlet, light blue, white, and g tld, in robes of great length and voluminous folds, bound with girdles of truly prodigious dimensions. In spite, however, of tbe gorgeous coloring, there is nothing garish or distasteful to the eye. No canon of art or taste is offended. The secret lies in the fabric of the girls' garments—silk crape, the delicate softness which relieves the brilliancy of tints that might otherwise be displeasing. In persoa the Maiko are the prettiest little specimens of budding Japanese girlhood, rosy and black-eyed, with comely and delicate features, tiny hands and feet, and an air of graceful modesty and innocence rarely seen on any stage. As for their coiffure, it i6 a miracle of tbe Japanese hairdresser's skill, and rich with the adornments of flowers and coral. How much of their beauty these dainty lasses may owe to art it might be unkind to inquire too closely. Kioto is famed for its manfacture of shiroi, a whitelead cosmetic of rare virtue, and said to be used with a skill which Western ladies of fashion would give a good de'l to possess. But surely there can be little need for it here, it we may judge from the whiteness of the Maiko's bands and of as much of her arms as is now. and then revealed to us. There is also a Japanese rouge, of great merit, which uncharitable persons might suspect ot having a share in the brilliancy of those u threads of scarlet," the Maiko's lips. Tiny razors, too, are even supposed by some malignant minds to play a part in the finely-pencilled eyebrows of Japanese belles. Kindly folks, however, prefer to put away all -such churlish thoughts, and to rest content with the pretty picture that is noiw set before them—a reproduction in flesh and blood of the typical Japanese beauty of our fans and screens, with the all-important exception that the face of the artist's creation seldom does justice to the living • original. Fans, of course, play a prominent part in the intricate gestures of the Maiko. Those carried now are large and circular, and richly bedecked with red and white floweis. With these, as with their lie ids, hands, limbs, and bodies, tbe files display to the full on their slow progress up the theatre that music of motion which so delights the eyes of the Japanese. Thus turning, bowing, swaying, kneeling, aud waving, always gracefully and in time with the music, tbe ranks at length meet on the front stage, one wing soon leaving it, -vhile the other continues the dance before the footlights for a few minutes, when it also retires. All this while tbe music goes on, now sad and slow, anon in livelier strains, and is accompained by the voices of the samisen players, chanting a bytnn of happiness, prosperity, and peace, in which-the reign of " our Lord the Mikado" is likened, in highly flowery language, to the beauty aud tranquillity of Nature "at the'first' dawn of spring." Next the bamboo blinds of the verandan are raised, revealing th'e : first squadron of dancers postured in picturesque groups between a background of dead gold and the crimson lacquer of the ; verandah. These, descending to the stage, resume the dance. They have parted with their flowergirt fans, and each girl has a tsuzumi attached to her girdle, with which she'accompaaies the orchestra whiledancing. To them, on their withdrawing, succeed the second squadron, who, with scarlet and' white fans, go through a measure of singular grace and beauty, and at length! retire to the verandah, which rises with them, bringing the first sc≠ to a close:' The second scene is laid in the famous 1 gardens ot Arashiyama in the suburbs 6f Kioto, and appears as a fairy-land of flowering cherry trees, lit by a galaxy of minute star-lamps. Here the whole corps gradually reassemble, and a* length execute a finaldance of the sime type as before; after which they retire by the side stages, with' the slow, measured movements that marked' their first entrance. Thus, after about an .hour's performance, ends the Miyako-Odori. It illustrates no' tale of plot. It is only an' elaborate measure, of " woven paces and of waving hands," such as Vivien may have! trodden " in the wild woods of Brdceliande." : It has no objects but those »f exhibiting' color, raiment, grace, and beauty jvith all 6kill that Japanese art taste can contrive, and of preserving the old' classic style of dancing, and setting examples of the highest forms of strict feminine etiquette. - If a' foreigner is unable to enjoy to the full the poetry of motion which has such fascina- : tions for the Japanese spectator, he at least cannot fail to appreciate a display not more remarkable for its {esthetic beauty' and' finish than for the fastidious delicacy and modesty which characterise it from beginning to end. In the latter respect the Western stage might derive a lesson worth)'' ot imitation. No Lord Chamberlain, however lynx-eyed or hard-hearted, could find as much as a ghost of a pretext for interference here. But the visitor also feels himself impelled to ask, how long will these things be? How many years, or possibly decades, are likely to elapse before the chaste Miyako-Odori, witL- its refined and courtly style and squadrons of decorously-clad little Miako, will give place to violent muscular achievements, such as : those with which troops of bounding, perspiring, and half-nude damsels' charm the senses of theatre-goers in the West. ' 