HEARTS ARE TRUMPS AFTER ALL. CHAPTER I. [CONTI-NTTED FROM OUR LAST]. "'Sit down—sit down,' she commenced, with effusion. • I have great news for you, and I wished you to be the first to hear it, knowing the affection you entertain for us all. " And then she announced to me her daughter's approaching marriage. " An unlooked for marriage—three hundred thousand francs a year, a splendid house in Paris, a magnificent chateau on the banks of the Loire—a princely residence, both in town and country. " All this was said to me with the feverish animation and the volubility of delirium. She was beside herself. I stood leaning against some piece of furniture; perspiration stood on my brow; I must have looked as white as the dead. '"Why don't you sit down?' she said to me. " And without taking any notice of my stupor, or wondering at my silence, she went on with bitter eloquence, telling me how miserable she had always felt in the country. All her longings, vanities, envyings, which 6he had till then kept to herself, all the secret pangs of an ambitious mind, she exposed to me and laid bare before my eyes. " She was at last going to live ! And, becoming more and more excited, she drew out the programme of the life she meant to lead in the future, AS for the aoral qualities of her son-in-law elect, or the chances of happiness this union had to offer her daughter, she did not utter a single word. It was herself alone that was to be thought about. "I felt crushed—everything about me seemed to swim. "' Well,' she resumed, turning towards me, ' what are you thinking about ? Why do you not congratulate me ? " ' Madame,' I answered, ' I am waiting to hear you say whether this marriage, which so delights you, is equally welcome to Mademoiselle Therese ?' " ' Oh, don't be uneasy about that,' she replied, smiling. 'Therese at first showed some opposition. She could not all at once reconcile herself to this change in life, but the dear girl soon comprehended that her happiness and mine are inseparable.' "I understood it all. Therese was not free; she was about to sacrifice herself for her mother. I was as indignant as I was sorrowful, and could not have said which most distressed me—the ruin of all my hopes, or the candid and monstrous selfishness I had listened to. "' Accept my compliments, madame,' I said, rising; 'and be'sure that the good fortune which is coming to you tonches me more deeply than you can possibly conceive of.' " As I sud these words, I moved towards the door. " • What!' she cried; ' are yon not going to spend the evening with us ? Why are you in such a hurry ? Therese is gone to town with Marguerite; they will be back by-and-by. Do stay 1' " ' I cannot, madame—I cannot!' I answered. ' At the moment I heard you had come home, I was in the very act of preparing for a journey which will keep me away from home some time. Excuse me for leaving you so soon.' "Such was her excitement, that she guessed nothing. She had not noticed my wretched looks, nor the pallor of my face ; and my hurried departure, the cnrtness of my adieu, had no more impression on her. " * I trust you will be back for my daughter's wedding V she said. I bowed, and withdrew. " What a return home along those same roads which I had crossed a few hours ago so confident and happy 1 Anger and despair all the thoughts, all the tumultuous feelings which the loss of all my dreams awakened in me, seemed to accompany me back home. I accused myself of not having defended my happiness. I wanted to go back to the chlteau, to again see Madame de la Verenne and teli her I loved her daughter, that her daughter loved me, that Heaven had given her to me, that they should only tear her away from me with my life. " But when I found myself at home again Oh, my little farm which I had em bellished with so much love, which seemed such a palace to me, and which, even that morning, had been still my joy and wealth what had become of you ? 1 did not recognise it. Everything in it seemed wretched I I felt poor and dispirited. ' What a sudden fall I What a change of fortune ! "After wandering like a ghost from one room to the other, I reached the pretty little appartment I had meant to be Therese's. I saw her now in my mind's eye in her Paris residence, in her chateau on the banks of the Loire, and I sobbed." * * * * "Ah, how deeply I pity'you, Francis!" said the Colonel, as the young man ceased; "and I pity still more Mademoiselle Therese.' You are only bonnd to your'sorrows ; but that poor girl is it for her that you must; weep. When is this marriage to tike place ?" "Very soon," answered the young man. "It is already being gossiped about in the 'neighbourhood." " Well, Francis, I will take you away with me. You will not be the first who will have recovered peace and rest over there. The trial you are undergoing is cruel, but it is not one of those vrhich blight an existence. No one has made light of your tenderness ; Madame de la Varenne had made you no sort of promise; she has not purposely broken yonr heart. Come, then, my boy, arrange your home affairs at once, and let us be off next week." " No, not next week," cried Francis ; "I have not yet told you all, A fortnight has elapsed since my interview with Madame de la Varenne. I had proposed to leave. I stayed. To lose Therese without seeing her again was more than I could bear. My only hope was in Marguerite. I managed to speak to her this morning. We were alone. She held both my hands. She was much moved. '•' Ah,' she said, we are as miserable and desparing as yourself. 1 It was not my fault that Madame de li Varenne was not made acquainted with everything. Therese would not let me speak; she sacrifices herself, and will not suffer her mother to feel one regret. What are you here for?' she added, with mild authority. I thought you had left home. You must C go away, tor her sake as well as your own !' " ' I will not' go without seeing her again.' I replied firmly. ' There are things I have never told her of, and until I have done so I cannot go—it would be an impossibility for me to do so. I will tell her that I love her, that I shall lose all if I lose her ; that she is everthing in the world to me. Yon are kind. Do not reject my prayers. Pity my distress! To-morrow I shall be at the lake in the park. Come with her ; bring her to me, and I shall owe to you my last mo ments of earthly happiness, and will depart blessing you.' And without awaiting her answer, 1 left her—I ran away." " And you think that these two girls — " began the Colonel. '• I believe they will meet me !" returned the other. " And I do not believe it," said the soldier. "So,"he added, in undertones, and speaking to himself, "it is at the lake they are going to say good-bye to each other for the last time ! —at the lake, at sunset, under the willow trees!" And then he fell into a deep reverie, which his host did not like to disturb. A few minutes later tbey parted, agreeing to meet again on the following day. And not withstanding the lateness of the hour, and Francis's pressing him to remain at the farm, the Colonel thoughtfully resumed his way to town. CHAPTER IL The day following the Colonel's return to town, in the afternoon, a scene was being enacted which might have inspired a painter. Therese's trosseau had just arrived, and Madame de la Varenne was busy with Marguerite emptying the boxes, which had been brought into the drawing-room. It was a trosseau fit for a princess. Therese looked with a dejected air at all the rich tissues and laces her mother was showing her. At one moment her pale lips parted with a faint smile, owing to Marguerite, who sometimes succeeded in making some sprightly observation. Madame da la Varenne was in ecstacies with everything. She had received a letter that very morning from her intended eonin-law, who wrote that he would be with them at the end of the week ; and though she felt pretty sure of him, she was glad that the moment was near when everything would be settled. In her joy she felt quite young again, and Therese herself felt that she was rewarded for her sacrifice by seeing her mother so delighted. The boxes had not been half emptied, when the door of the drawing-room was partly opened, and the head gardener's head showed itself. " Enter, enter, Oliver ! What is it!" inquired Madame, " It is. madame, that I think we ought to send for the police to take in charge a man who has been skulking about the park for the last two hours, ana who does not seem disposed to go before he has committed some bad act or other." " What nonsense are you talking ? A thief in these parts?" "I beg Madame's pardon, but he does not seem to belong to this part of the country." " Well, where does he come from ?—what does he want ? Have you spoken to him ?" " Not exactly, Madame; but I followed him at a distance, hiding myself behind the trees." " Well," put in Marguerite, " having seen him, you can tell us what he looks like ?" " Dear me, mademoiselle', it is not that'he is ill-looking. Some might even think him a tall, fine mail, well dressed. But he has such a face t With his 'moustaches and his smoky skin you might call it the head of a Mahommedan. Not, dear me, that he looks repulsive; but he has such airs, such ways ! He comes here, he goes there ; he walks on thelawnsj; he approaches the house stealthily, he looks at it, and, after he has looked, he returns to the park like an adder! I ask Madame whether these are the ways of a well-meaning gentlemen? Besides, no one has seen him pass through "the gate, BO he must have scaled the walls. ! Ajad, worse than all," added the man, lowering hie voice, " little Perrot, who was with me to help me in case of our being attacked—well, madame, little Perrot, who is no fool, as everybody knows, assures me that it is the same sorcerer he has seen for some time past skulk in the dark round the enclosure. Must I go for the police ?" " No," said Marguerite, " this person takes my fancy. If he has been running about in the park for two whole hours, he must be tired. Let'us go and arrest him ourselves, and invite him to rest himself here." " You need not take that trouble," Oliver cried, "for here he comes, mademoiselle, and here I go !" At this moment a stranger was croBsing the lawn, and coming towards the house. The three ladies ran to the window to see him approach, whilst Oliver the bold made his escape and returned to the garden. "Truly he seems quite the gentleman," remarked Marguerite. " Look, Therese; does not his faie appear familiar to you ?" You are right," returned the other. " How very singular !" exclaimed Madame de la Varenne. " Where could I have seen that face before ?" He had mounted the steps, and after having vainly waited to be announced, he entered the drawing-room, the door of which was half open, and advanced gravely towards the mistress of the mansion, who had made a few steps forward. The manner in which he had entered the room proved him to be a well-bred man. " You do not remember me, madame ?" he said. At the sound of that voice, the tones of which time had not altered, Madame de la Varenne started. " You have even forgotten my name." He was just about to pronounce it, when she cried out in joyous surprise, " Francis Pompdrant I Is it possible ? Shake hands with me, and call me Julia as you used to do. Was I not the companion of your youth ? And to think I did not recognise you at once. But you are changed. How long ago is it since you went off to fight the Arabs ?" "Twenty years to-day, Julia." Twenty years already 1 Are you sure?" " Ay, quite sure. I have counted them, every one." While they were chatting thus, Marguerite and Therese, hidden in the embrasure of the window, recognised young Francis's godfather. They asked each other whether the presence of this unexpected visitor was not perhaps going to change the course of events. " My daughter," said the mother, bringing forward Therese. " Will you accept me as your friend, my dear ?" asked the Colonel, with an expression of great tenderness. " Oh, yes; oh, yes, with all my heart," answered the young girl, moved to tears without knowing why. The soldier drew her to his side, and pressed a kiss upon her brow. " Another daughter of mine—Mademoiselle de Tarvel. You remember her mother, surely?" " Yes, I remember your mother, and I see her again in you," the Colonel said. " Shake hands, then, with her also," Marguerite said, putting out her hand. 