The end of the Melbourne season is approaching, and ia a fe-.v days society will be scattering in every diroction where quiet and cool air are attainable. Perhaps iu their intervals of leisure some mem bers of the fashionable world may think it worth wliile to examine whether 1 the- -present- methods of social inter- course cannot be simplified and improved. It is very certain that great changes have taken place within a few generations. Amusement lias become tho business of life to a great many of our women, and the embarrassments resulting from this view are acquiesced in as a necessary nuisance by the inalo members of their respective households. If a fashionable lady were asked why site divides her days between the racecourse and the rink, and the flower show aud the bazaar, and spends Iter, evenings at parties or balls, reserving herself only just time enough to order and try on dresses and to write and accept letters of invitation, she would probably snv that life is insufferably dull without amusement, and that there is a business side to social gatherings in the opportunities they give for match making. These answers arc to some extent without reply. Amusement is not a thing that can' be defined, and if it is amusement for women to wear rich dresses and exhibit thetn before crowds, nnd exchange pretty nenrly tho same remarks with several | Bcores of people day by day, , their critics can only take refuge in the conviction that the masculine temperament has unfathom able inferiorities of enjoyment. Perhaps the theologians who paint the happiness of a future state aslargely consisting in listen ing to the sntne word endlessly repeated, and in admiring the brilliant plumage of the angels and the shining robes of the saints, have drawn a happy inspiration from secular scenes. Meanwhile, it is perhaps not over presumptuous to suggest that whatever is best in modern society and most characteristic of it may be enhanced in one or two very simple ways, and that some features of ancient time deserve to be reproduced. It is beginning to be recognised that a woman's day is too short for her work. Even when she has handed over tho care of her household to a housekeeper and the training of her children to a governess, it is impossible for her to do justice to her self in the many artistic details that make up success in dress if she has not a . large part of the day for her toilette. It used to be a rule at Compiegne in the Empress Eugenie's time that no lady guest was to wear the same dress twice, aud that tho dress was to be changed three times a day. The demands of Melbourne society nro not so extravagant ns those of the French Court, but something of the feeling that dic tated this etiquette prevails, and women who respect themselves are apt habitually to vary their costumes in some way that implies care and thought. This in itself is sufficiently harassing to those who for part of the year at least find occupation provided for them every afternoon and every evening. It would be absurd to go in tho face of a law of nature, and demand that women should dispense with the adornments in which their native feeling for art finds expression. Among birds it is the male who wears the gay plumage — who struts about or walks the block, so to speak — and who puts out all the power of song to induce the female to assume the duties of mater nity. In the human race the female in stinctively adopts this role, and so long ns wo fiud her year by year developing a brighter plumage, and touching the heart with sweeter tones, we may he sure that the impulse is part of the plan of creation, and irresistible. The question for women of this kind is to know which of the lower duties they may sacrifice. There are two directions iu which a simple reform appears to bo possible. The one is that the practice of afternoon " At Homes " should bo . dispensed with, and that a Central Agency for the distribution of cards should be substituted for those unmeaning calls in which so much good time is at present wasted. Under this system we would suggest there should be an institution like tho London Clearing Ilouse, and the Exchange Agent who had received cards and instructions every year or month or week, as they pre ferred, from Iiis patronesses, would send them out when they became due precisely as a banker presents bills, forwarding them by post or by a servant in livery according to the commission paid. The advantages of this system are obvious. It would save our womankind all trouble ; it would furnish them with a ready excuse if it became expedient suddenly to recognise some one who had been tacitly boycotted, ns all blame could be laid 011 the agency ; and it would not in tho least diminish the opportunities for circulating gossip, as scandal nan be talked at tho rink or tho ball quite as well as in private drawingrooms. Beyond this, the agent, if ho were a man of tact, might arrange to organise parties and so manage- that every party 111 tho season entrusted to himself should be an unquali fied success. It constantly happens that the sexes nre in uneven numbers nt a ball, the ladies commonly predominating. In London it is notorious that persons endowed with tho power of social push earn a comfortable living by inviting guests for colonists retired from business. There is no reason why this should not be done in a franker manner, nnd without the reproach of cliquism. Let us assume the Central j Ageuey we have imagined to open a register for Indies willing to put in an appearance at balls whoso givers were unknown to them, nnd at the same time to start a club which might serve as a ren dezvous for young men willing to dance. It would be for the conductor of such an pntnrnrise tn sen if It was lint, wnrtli his while now aiid again to buy tho attend ance of a beauty or a popular girl, and it might be as usual to give a dancing/ man his guinea or two guineas a night as to pay a doctor for a call. Almost every hostess would gladly spend a few pounds out of her husband's purse to secure her party from being voted a failure ; and many of the men who now shrink from pleasures as a bore would take their part in them with honorable alacrity if ball-going were a legitimate source of income. Payment of pleasure- seekers is, however, a mere detail. What is really important is that the syndicate or agency should replace private enter prise in the organisation of parties. With her orders given, and a calm assurance that she might count on guests as safely as on tho attendance of waiteis, the hostess could devote herself serenely to the little preparations that even beauty cannot afford to disregard. A word may be put in for the old art of conversation. It used to he tho fashion for people to put their best thoughts into their best words ; and though the finest talk is of too subtle nn essence and too de pendent on the inspiration of the moment ever to be committed to paper, we know from books like Boswell how fascinating the chat even of a man of letters might be. A night with George Sehvyn or Sheridan, could it he lived hack into, would seem to iome of ub more than an adequate exchange for an eternity of small f talk. Believing, as we do, that thu I instincts of women are always to be ; implicitly trusted, we should acquiesce in | tho modern decree which limits conversa. I Hon to commonplace and style to slaim : if we were quite assured that it had been : adopted deliberately. Looking, however, \ nt such cases as those of Miss Eden and a Madame Mold, who contrived to stir- '' round themselves with friends by tho mere elmrm of thoughtful and witty talk, " it seems possible that conversation has been disused only because women, who ; are naturally the best talkers, have not of lato years had time to cultivate the art. It may safely be said that no one talks well in the world who has not talked a groat : deal with himself ; and how is a woman hurried away in the press and throng of ! social duties, such as they now are, to find time for any thought except how to keep : dressed and to miss no excitement. Be lieve her from visits and the severer cares ' of party giving, give her leisure to think, nnd it will bo as natural for her to con verse intelligently as to look -charming. We may rely upon it that in an ago "when every hour must sweat its sixty "minutes to tho death," the leaders of fashion are bound to divest themselves of some Bmaller cures it tlioy would acniere their highest aims. . ' Tni: danger which the prophet incurs who ventures to predict the mental attitude of : society upon any given subject within a given period is shown by the wreck 0! a hundred distinguished reputations o£ thoso who havo tried the experiment. Cobden, as wo all know, set down five years as the time when all Europe would be converted to the new Evangel of free-trade, which he preached to it with such unremitting energy; and John Stuart Mill tells us in his Antobiogrophj that his father, scarcely less eminent than tho son, was alwayB impressing on him that what lie called the dreadful doctrine . of eternnl punishment would soon cease to bo identified with Christianity, and would be regarded with horror by every man and womnn with a sense of moral good or evil in their constitution. By theHl curious irony of fate, evidence is fur- -l| nished to us almost at tho same moment 11 that both tho seers are out in their fl calculations. A member of tho Cobdeu ia Club has just been reluctantly forced to fl admit before the world that the advent fl of the free-trade millennium promises to 11 be seriously retarded by the falling away m from the faith of Bomo of its stauehest 1 supporters; while no less famous a | theologian and pastor than Mr. Spur- 8 geon quits the pulpit of the M Metropolitan Tabernacle in a huff, || nnd renouuees the flock which reared it ' III to his honor, rather than be suspected of S abating Ins belief in the unqncnchuhlo fji fires which aro prepared for those of them 111 who are lost beyond redemption. This does 13 not look as if tho popularity of Hell on ||| the Christian stage was on the wane ; fffl and it is as well to remember. S that . Mr. Spurgeon's conception of j8 IIcll is not that of a vague || and unsubstantial abstraction which | bafiles the attempts of all but a Miltouic || imagination to give it form and shape, and picture it in its bituminous terrors for presentation to the eye'. S and touch of the affrighted sinner. ||| There is a little hook known and ® cherished in Tabernacular circles as H Spurgeon's Gems, from which we select fSi tho following extracts out of many that j|| might have been taken, which to read ||1 ever so cursorily is to understand the ill uncompromising vigor of his attachment ; H to the dogma and the glare that it sheds H on his spiritual life : — Wt You and I can never imagine all tho depths 1 oi bell. Shut out from us by a black veil oi Sjj darkness, we cannot tell the borrors of that g8 dismal dungeon of lost souls. Happily, thM £9 waitings oE the damned have never startled u® 9 for a thousand tempests were but a maidens l|| whisper compared with one wail of a damned tri spirit. It is not possible for us to see the tor- gl teres of those souls who dwell eternally within j|| an anguish that knows no alleviation. Thene ||| oyes would become sightleBs balls of darkness ||| it tboy were permitted for an instant to look ; ||| into thut ghastly shrine of torment Hell is horrible, for we may Bay of it, Eye hath not seen, |1 nor ear heard, neither hath il entered into tlie M. heart of man to conceive the horrors which g| God hath prepared for thorn that hate him. Eg . . . Our finally impenitent friends are bS| lost for over. When the iron gato of hell is : h onco closed upon them it shall never ho K unbarred again to give them fteo exit. |i When onco shut up within those walls , ra of sweltering llamo which girdlo the || liery gulf there is no possibility of flight. B Wo recollect with horror that they have "lor || over" stamped upon thoir chains; "forever" ; || carved in deep lineR of det-pair upon tbeii g hearts. It is tho bell of hell, that everything ; there lasts for over. Here timo wears away H our griefs and blunts tho keen edge of sorrow : g hut ihero time never mitigates the woe. Hell S grows more hellish as eternity inarches ou f with its mighty paoes. Tho abyss becomes g more deep and fiery — tho sufferers grow more j| ghastly nud .wretched. Hero the sympathy of : jn loving kindred in the midst of sickness or f| suffering can alleviate our pain, but there the p tortured ghosts are spart for fiends. m This is ns vivid as anything iu Danto, nnd ft the man who paints it must not only heVB very sure of his belief, but lie may he . E pardoned for requiring everybody else to || believe as lie does. Into tho question of g doctrine involved by that belief it is uu- w necessary to go. Many excellent people, ffi aud some of them calling themselves g Christians as well as Mr. Spur- 1 » geon, have encountered the same ; S difficulty as the elder Mill felt, nnd have ; B got over it in tiic same way. The reli- M gious Southey wrote — "I cannot In jjfve "in an eternity of Ilell. I hope God || "will forgive me if I err;" aud still . E more emphatically Leigh Hunt ex-: claims — "If an angel were to tell me jm "that I must believe in eternal jjunish- H " ment, i would not do it, for it B " better become me to believe the angel, g ' a delusion than God a monster. ' ByH was for using an almost identical- H train of thought in one of hisr.-B publications that John Stuart Mill, itwill.'.jj be remembered, lost his election for. g Westminster, namely, that if lie know the pB penalty of his disbelief was to be Ilell, . M then to IUll ho would go, sooner than ; B believo in a doctrine that depicted thev-fi Deity us the author of it. Mr- I Spurgcou would probably reply to all : B theso objections that the Judge of all .fl the world must not bo judged by tho> H standard of human justice, since no .8 human being can tneusure the offence -a given to the Divine mind by a life spent . 9 in thwarting it. However this maybe, the fact remains that Mr. Spurgeou him- - g self not only tolerates the dogma of 1 eternal punishment, hut lie declares lie f cannot do without it; and it win Ul- . a interesting to see in what direction ihtA influence of his examplo will be felt, j; Midway between tho- two schools:! of religious thought who accept the.: I dogma and reject it are the ntmiliila-y;l tionists, who suggest by way of a com-|.| promise that tho wicked have no futuro|| state at all, but simply perish. Our owii.|| Doctor Bromby has presented this theorV|9 for acceptance by n Christian public, |9 and it certainly has in its favors! the argument_from Biology. Assuming, I the Biologist does, that the soul life I Jc'noiids upon the integrity of the struc- I wlintever it may be, in which con- f jjuJisncss resides, it follows that the fraction of the structure by vice and djurarity impairs and finally extinguishes consciousness, and makes its survival dtor the death of the body a matter of japossibility. This is had Spurgeonism, y doubt; but it is better science; and liter all religion may not be less religious (or being in harmony with the scientific BCtbod. ,1PiHd:ry Parkes must be very sorry by tins time that lie ever thought of Ventur is upon such a dangerous project as that /finding a new name for the colony riich ho represents. The ouly result lis been to make the colony ridi culous in the eyes of the world and to show Lis own want of sound common sense— both of them offences which , sober-suited English community rarely w ever forgives to its statesmen. It is now clear that ho never thought More he embarked on the Quixotic business bow much ignominy failuro rould bring witii it, or whether it wus possible for him to fail. A single lialf- bour's reflection would have shown him bow utterly impracticable his proposal uould be if it were carried, and how vtrr unlikely it was that it should bo carried in the teeth of the strenuous opposi- sition that it was certain to provoko from Ihe other colonics. It was left to Mr. Gillies's admirably reasoned remon strance to nppriso liim of the consequences of his blunder, mid in what a hopeless state of confusion it would land him. Of course he is very much mortified at the poor figure ho cuts in the transaction, and his feelings ril not lie assuaged by the dis covery that lie lias not a friendly critic to say a word for him. His own press is against iiitn ; the Home Govern ment will give him no encouragement ; and the Parliament which was blind to his stupidity at first has been invited to retrace its steps and declare that it bis no longer any confidence in lA\t statesmanship. For this pretty dilemma lie lias himself only to thank, for it dots not appear that he ever made the (lightest effort to test public opinion upon hisproject before he entered on it. If he had, there is now plenty of evidence to show that he would not liavo got any sym pathy or support. What step he proposes to take by way of repairing his error will be awaited with a good deal of curiosity, (or to persevero in it will be U embarrassing as to recede. If he recedes, it will bo in response to tlio dictation of the other colonies whom be attempted to overreach ; and if bi perseveres, he will inoBt un doubtedly find himself snubbed and checkmated at the moment of success br the Colonial Office. Yet tliero is really no middle course to Belect, unless I It be to drop the offensive name of I Australia, and adopt some other to which I no objection can be offered. This is the I Tisfit plan, though it will not atone I for the humiliation lie has suffered, I ud it will prevent him from I taking any more mistakes or increasing I fit embarrassments of his position by a 1 gliy display of temper such as that which I It) inspired his message to Sir Saul I (iinael in London to protest against the I taiereuce of Sir Graham Berry and the I ttlttAgcntB-Generol.t — 