-£oniiecr«Uloii at HI. Mary's, j , Sydney. . (From Monday's. Daily Tklxobafu.) Tub ootaBeoration'of two y new bishops at St. Mary's Cathodral yosterday afloraod tin opportunity for a full and effeotive display of that elaborateness and brillianoy of ceremonial for whioh the ritual of the Roman Catholic Church is celebrated. Tho event attracted a great gathering of pre latos ' anointod and consecrated in tho — .1 tt:~u r»_: — t 1 ? tt ? -i_. 1 ? ; ? v* uui ui iiigu jrntnb uy uuavuuiy uow diotion ' — to quote the text of the ritual— and invested with the , mitre and crozior, which, are the symbols of their oiBqe, were the Bight Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Graf ton, lately Dean of Lismore, and the Bight Bev. Dr. Hutchinson, ' Bishop of Maxim ianopolie (a formal eoclosiastical title only} for some Vioar Apostolio Of Cooktown (Q.) with full opiscopal authority. It is the rule gonorajfy to regulate the admission on suoh .occasions' by tickets which are sold for tho benefit of somo religious or charit able undertaking, but in the present in stauoe the custom- was departed' from, and although the congregation, notwithstanding the inclement state of the weather, could not have numbered Iosb than 4000, the good .manage n^ent of those entrusted with the'direetion of^affairs pcevented anything like unseemly ^ crowding - and crushing. Ten o'clook was tho appointed time for the ooremony to begin, and when tho eccle siastical pageant, headed by a pross-bearer: and a number of scarlet-robed acolytos, some carrying lighted tapors aud others swinging incorise, came forth from the , vestry and proceeded up the broad steps .leading to the sanotuaiy, the wholo cath edral presented a wonaorfully animated Appearanoe. Tho acolytos, accompanied by tne master _ of ceremonies, walked first in the procession as it entered the sanctuary, thon came the clergy in their black son tannos and white laco-edgod cottas, then tho rioh-ofBciating prelates in rich purple robes with silken mantellertas and gold pectoral crosses; the two bishops- eloct — one in purple, the other (Dr. Hutchinson) uiww oviuuio w/Aui— auvuuipuuiuu u j their chaplains ; die two- assistant -bishops of tho consoqration, . clad in purple and wearing the orthodox massive gold chain and cross, attended by their chaplainB ; and finally gorgeous, in his lustrous red robes, the consecratbr (the Cardinal Archbishop), the enormous train of rich waterwave silk, proper to the full state attire of a ?' Prince of the Holy Boman Empire,' boing carried by two sanctuary boys,' who in their pretty scarlet dress looked themselves like little cardinals. _ When all had entered the sanc tuary Cardinal Moran was escorted to his throne, which had been decorated for the occasion; and the dignitaries and priests were arranged by the ceremonial directors to the right and left of the brilliantly oraamented high altar. His Grace Arch bishop Beyriolas, of Adelaide, South Aus tralia. 'and their Lordships, the Bight Bev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of.Goulburn* the Bight Bev. Dr. Baimondi, Bishop of Hong kong, ;(Jhina ; and the Bight , Bev. . Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst and the Bight Bev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia, occupied plaoea on the Gospel side of the sanotuary ; and .ou the opposite side were the two prelates of the consecration (the Bight Bev. Dr.' Murray, Bishop of Mait land, and the Bight Bev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale) and tho bishops-elect tho Bight Bev. Dr. Doyle and the Bight Bev. Dr. Hutchinson. ' The officiating ministers occupying their respective places were the Yery jEoy. Dr. Carrolli vicargep eral of tne diocese : of- Svdnev. assistant priest the Very Bev.. Bl. . 6'Callaghan, Superior ^f ' the- vieeritian Order arid the Very Bev. Dean McCarthy, deacons of the thronei;- Bev. J. J. : Byrne, deacon; and the jtfev E. O'Connor, Bub-deacon of the mass ; tho' Bev. P. T. . Corcoran, of Morpeth, chap lain to the senior-assistant consecrating i bishop (the Bight Bev. Dr. Murray); the Very BeV. Deau O'Connor, of Armidale, chaplain tb the second assistant-bishop So Bight. Bev. Dr. Torreggiani) ; the v. D. Doyle, of Lismore chaplain to the bishop-elect of Grafton, ana the Very Bev. Prior Joseph Coleman, O.SiA., of Echuca, Viotoria, chaplain to the Bight. Bev Dr. Hutchinson ; the Very Bev. Dr. O'Haran, of St. Mary's Cathedral, and the Bev. P.' V. Dwyer, of the Maitland Cathe dral, mastore of the ceremonies. The following clergy were in rows of benches on the sanctuary at either side : The Vener able Archdeaiori Bignoy ; the Vory Bev. Dr. Sheridan, V.G. ; the Very Bev. D, Clancy, S.J. , rector of St. Aloysius College ; the Vory. Bev. :E»ther Couloignior, S.M., ' superior' bf ' the Marjsts f ' the Ver^' 'Bev. Dr. Murphy, reotor of St. John's College ; tbn VorvRAV. -Rrlmnnrl V0110I111. O.S.S.Tl.. .superior of thb Bedemp^onats arid rector; . of the r monastery at Waratah' ; ' the 1 Very 1 Bev. P. Slattery, Q.S.P., superior .of the Franoiacansy'the Very Bev.'P.Le Benne tel, S.M. ; the' Very Bev. I). A. Mitchell^ O.S.F.O., diooeso of Armidale; Bev. T. Lone, Bev. S. Cummins, S.M. ; Bev. M. Glaeheen, Bev. M. Murlav, S.M. ; Bev. P. Byan, Bev. W. Keating, Bev. W. Coffey, Bev. Paul; Chio'. (Hongkong), Bev.:. T. Barlow! Bev. Thomas O'Beilly, : Bev. Father Mooney, O.S.A, (Echuca, Viotoria) ; Bev. 0.r M. G. Vander Hoyden (Chiltern, Viotori*)i BevL J. fi. Doyle (Sniithtown, Maoleay Biver), Bev. Gerald Doyle (Bal larat, Viotoria), Bev, M. Campion, diocese of Bathurat i/i The Cardinal and the officiating prelates put off the silken robes in which they had entered-the cathedralT arid1 vested in rochets, amicesi stoles arid copes, the letter of white Bilk boing extremely rich iii' appearanoe, covered as they were with.a wealth of the most exquisite art embroidery. .Th? .t;WO assistant bishops worp'plain ? .white mitres and the Cardinal a costly ie welled one, the bishops-elect retaining their purple and, black silk robes ° respectively and ' their brevettas or caps. Tne oeremoniea weio begun by the consecratbr dethanding the Apostolic Mandate or Papal Bull authoris ing the oonseoration ; and, this document having. b«en; read aloud iri 'the - original Latin texVby the Very Bev.' Father 0 Cal laghan, the bishops- eleot on bended knee took the uaual oath of obedienoe, fidelity and devotion to the Pope, after whioh, followirig the anoierit custom, came the examination on the eeyeral points of faith,; and morals, the bishops-eleot giving their assent iddud' by - repeatbg the ' - word 'Obbdo ' (I believe) an^a . answering 'Vor-o ''(I will)| 'to the 'questions with ieferonoe to the toaohing of the Soriptures and the observance of the rules and praotioes ;--f the church.; . A*ipng.;_ptljer obligations, the bi»hops-eleot . during this examition solemnly promised to ' observe themselyes and , teach othere tp observe chastity arid sobriety ; to continue bonds men m the affairs of God, estranged from earthly affairs and base lustre as far as human frailty would' permit them; to preserve humility and patienoe in them selves and teaoh the like to others ; ' arid for the sake of God's name to be affable and mercifutl to: the poor, to' the straq'gir.'' Aid to all in neod.'* The High Mass w&ttieri; commenced and, at the , prescribed ,? periods the various cereriioriieB incidental to the oonseoration were performed, the bishops elect having in the meanwhile been robed iu wbito vostments of tho oostliest descrip tion. After the singing of the Litanv of the Saints and the beautiful: hymn,. V Voni Creator. Spiritua' (Come Holy . Ghost,. Creator Come), the anointing took placo,. tho conseorator in eaoh case using tho words, ' Bo . thy head anointed arid 'con socrated in ? thb order 6f High Priest by hoavenly beriediotion. In the natri'e of the Father, and of the Son, arid of tho Holy Ghost.' The bishops-eleot again knelt, eaoh with joined hands, before the oonse orator, who, first orossing tho hands in tho form of a cross and thon . anointing the entire palins, said: ' Be theso hands an ointed with saoredoil and the chrism of sanctifioation ; ' as -Samuol anointod David to bo king and prophet so bo thoy anointod and oonsecrated, in the name of God tho Father, and of tho Son, arid of the Holy .Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the, holy Cross of our Saviour, tho Lord Jeaiis Christ.' . The prosontation to the nowlyconse orated bishops of tho symbols af their episcopal office on tho Book of Gospels was very lmprossivo.. Handing tho. staff -of orozier, tho consocrator said : 'Bocoivpthis staff of the pastoral offico, that iri tho correction of vice thou mayost employ severity with kindness, and exoroise judg ment without anger ; and that in cherish ing virtue thou mayest eoothothe minds of i thy hearers, without , neglecting in thy . peacefulness the sovority of reproof.' Put ting tho, jowellod ring on tho finger : ' Boceivo this ring, the pledgo bf affiance, thiiit boing^ adorned with the token of un tainted fidolity 'thou mayest guard with honor incorrupt tho spouse of God, His holy ohuroh.' Plaoing, the .mitre on the head: ' Wo placo O Lord, on tho head of this Thy prelate and combatant, the holmet Of defonco arid salvation, that, having his forehead adorned and his head guardoa by tho power of both Tostamonts, he may | appear terrible to the adversaries of the truth, and stand forward as a valiant cham pion against them, through the abundant grace bestowed on him by Thee who didst adorn the countenance of. Thy servant Moses, made beautoous in' a bolloquy with Thee, with the most brilliant ravs of thy brightness and truth ; arid who didst com mand a diadem to be placed on the head of Aaron, Thy High Priest ; through Christ, our Lord.' Presenting the. Book of Gospels: 'Becoive the Gospel, and go forth and preach it to the people committed to thee: for God is powerful to augment TTia nrann fn fVian ' ! The fraternal 'kiss of peace' having been exchanged- between the new bishops and the officiating prelates, thooonseorator, turning towards the altar, intoned the ' To Deum, or hymn of thanksgiving, ' during the singing of whioh by the choir the two new bishops, gorgeously apparelled, glit tering mitre on head and golderi crook in hand.lwere led: through tho cathedral, the bishops bestowing^ their blessing to the kneeling congregation as they passed alongl When the hymn was finished, and the two bishops had returned to the sanctuary, each in turri ascended the altar steps ana iiri-' parted the solemn episcopal benediction. Finally, the' new bishops approached the conseorator and - ? assistant . bishops, ; and. wished them, in the language of the Ohuroh, ' Many years of health,' and . the kiss of peace being again given the laat Gospel was said, and the rite of consecra tion ended. Father John Ryan, S.J., of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, who had beenBpecially invit.'d to preach, then aecendod the pulpit, and delivered' with eloquent, force an address setting forth the claims, of .the bishops of. the Boman Catholio Church to apostolic' succession, and defining the res pective views on tho selection and authority of- a bishop held by Boman Catholic and Protiestants respectively. Aldorman Trim, of Armidale, has recently received intelligence from Spain that he has dropped into the riioe little sum of £6250, left by a cousin. The letter ieriters. 'into fall* par ticulars, states that in all £25,000 Has been left ; £18,750 has been bequeathed to tho - deceased's only child; the balance to Alderman Trim. A fatal fire occurred at the South Star Hotel, Blenheim (N. Z .)', early on Saturday morning, an elderley man named Henderson being burned to death.'- The rest of the' lodgers' had -a very narrow escapo, having to tio th6 bed- clothes togethor and lower themselves from tho win dows; Last week a red snake was captured and : brought alive in a white bottle to Grafton by Mr. H. Lucke.- Tho speoiss, we believe,- is very venomous, but fortunately not -common in this district — Mr. Lucke having been ontho outlook for a; specimen . for. several; years. As- coiled up .in tho' bottle it looked about 15 inches in length, arid appeared to be full of life, if riot ( poison, as it throw out its fangs'and'opeued its month.— Anocs. 1; The Mayor suggested at; a meeting of the Grafton Bopough Council last weok that hither than ' iorWard so mariy 'complointal it would' he' better for each ratepayer to shoulder a spade and give a days .work to' take the water off their . properties. . ... . . .., 