i tlifl DEN HOfE. A ROMANCE-OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that wis not all a dream.' ' B? W. Clark Rosshll. Chapter XXIII.— (CoNWiniBD.) Hiram spoke. with the same perfect tone of respectfulness that had all through marked his speech and manner to the curate, only he wae now very emphatic. 'Hiram, said Scone, Vyeve made Mr. Fortescne vary pale, mate. It's scaroely fair to him, an ie'e aartioly not right to me to talk as yon have. I'm not a man to dream. I told you t'other day that if , you'll navigate the Golden Hope to where I' have named ..the his land to be in. you'll find it there ; and I took leave to fancy that Iwhen that argument was concluded it wouldn't be given riee to again.' ' I hope Mr Fortescue sees my poiac. I trust he do, I'm sure,' eaid Hiram. '-Say what any of as may, the voyage is a fantastic one, to be ended as yon may hope, sir, I heartily pray ; but there's so much that's wisionary in it that who's gain' to know the hisland ain't a wision too——' ' I'm goia' to know it !' cried Stone. ' Ay, an' so yon may, but aren't delusions satisfyin' to the minds that entertains them ? Don't a mad woman, whea she-, call's h»rsalf the Qempress o Proosia, believe that 'she's that party? William, you may be the sanest man aa ever trod the decks of a ship, and yet fancy you'd been shipwrecked, and talk about where ie had happened. Oaderstind ' ' Mr. Stone,' said Fortescue, iu a low trembling voice, turning his a9hen facet upon the old sailor, ' you ..have not i deceived me ?' ' Sir, as there's a Godj inj'.heaven, what I told you was the truth, and nothenbut the truth.' 1 You will swear it ?' The old man lifted both hands, looking up to the sky. ' I swear it !' he replied, with profound devotional earnestness of em phasis. i-wii, j..tt kin,,- aata i'ortescue. who was trembling from headiito foot, and speaking with nervous quickness to Hiram. ' Doubt him, sir ? Not I. I don't doubt him. 'Tisn't hia belief that I doubt ; but,' cried Weeks, ' what I want to be onderstood is that a man may speak the truth of a lie — swear, and sincerely swear to somethiug he believeB happened, but which never did happen, and,' he continued, drawing himself erect, ' I choose this opportunity to beg of you, Mr. Fortescue, to onderstand that if we don't Bee the hisland when we come to where Bill says it lies, the fault'U.not, be minv : ' Let that oe so.' said Stone. ' It's for me,' exclaimed Hiram,' ' n carry the schooner to Stone's hisland ; it's for Stone to he answerable for the hisland being in longitood heast seventy degrees thirteen minutes, and in latitood south tea': degrees and forty minutes ; and it's to you, Mr. For tescue, to be satisfied whether the lady you're seeking' of be on tbe hisland or not, so that all conaarned in this wisionary on iertakia may feel he's done his duty." Mr. Fortescue bowed his head without speaking. 1 Sail-ho !' shouted some fellow aloft. \ ' Where away ?' cried Hiram. 1 Dead ahead Bir.' Hiram went to the rail to look, but, seeing nothing, concluded that the sail would be hull down from tbe deck, and stepped below for his sextant, with every appearance in him of being perfectly satisfied and at rest in his own mind, now that the considerations which had troubled him were put squarely before Mr Fortescue. , Stone stood at the weather rail with folded arms looking towards the sea ahead. The clergyman walked over to htm. 1 Why should Captain Weeks talk as if he doubted you ?' he said, fixing his large dark eyeB on the old sailor with an intensity of gaze that seemed the more penetrating for the heightening of their own natural fires by the light flowing into them off the Bea and the eky. ' I don't believe he do doubt me, Mr. For tescue,' answered Stone, meeting the clergy man's gaz9 with a troubled face. ' What I understand is, he fancies my island may be a delusion — only mat be, look you, Bir— and he fears, if that be so, his not findin' of it'll be set down againBt hia nautical knowledge. The notion's boon ahnnt to .w talkin'of late. Long woyages breed all sorts o' ideas. People fail out and make friends agin, wrongly suspect one another and rightly ascertain the truth, and grow Borry, get filled with mistaken notions and loses of 'em over and over again in a passage of three or four months. Hiram's grown wrong headed because he suddenly become sensitive about hia feelin's as a navigator. But it'll come all right, sir.' . Surely he can have no other reason than the one be una gi vcu >ui oupua„,. bility of your being mistaken?' said Mr. Fortescue, whose emotions would inevitably lead him into putting all sorts of construe tions upon Stone's manner, more particularly on the comparatively cool minner he had exhibited whilst Hiram talked. ' Well,' said Stone, 1 L don't say. speaking as a nautical man myself, that his fears aren't to be appreciated. If that there island wasn't there, why. if I stuck out that it was, and you believed me and stuck out for it, too, sir, it 'ad sartinly make him feel boobyish-like when he worked out his Bights and couldn't bring notben in the shape of an island into view. He's al owed his feelin's as a sailor to hagi- tate him. And besides that — ' the old fellow paused and tried to look as if he had done talking. . ' Bssides what ?' Baid Mr. Fortescue. Well, Bir,' exclaimed Stone, with unne cessary energy, due to the effort he made to speak, 1 you heard Hiram call this voyage visionary. It is so, and there's no use denying of it. The Lord has spoke to man in dreams, and I don't doubt He spoke to- you, bit. L'here'a nothen else to account for so many circumstances of your wision proving true. But Hiram's got an intellect that can't rise so high ui> as an occasion of this sort needs. To speak the truth, which you'd always require of a man, and without a par'icle of offence, for his ideas can't signify anything to you, he's still of opinion that you're hacting under a delusion ; and him and me talking of that, and then hia wondering how the woyage'll end, has set him speculatin' on me and my island.' But the island iB no delusion.' ' Why, certainly, of course it ain't,' Baid Stone with a smile. 1 No more a delusion than this here schooner is. How could a man be cast away on a delusion, swaller sulphur- tastin' water, and catch turtles on a delusion, and Bail away from a delusion and get the situation of it from the master of the wesBel that picked him up,' Here Hiram arrive ' on deck to shoot the sun,' and the conversation between Fortescue and Stone ceased. Tne clergyman walked forwards into the eyes of the schooner, as was at times his custom when emotion got the better of him, for there was a life here, a spirit of flashing and thrilling vitality, such aB he found in no other part of the vessel, and that had often acted as a mental tonic when the solitude of the cabin or the same ness of the quarter-d-ck would have been without influence. _ The_ men, of course, took na notice of him, if it were not for the wriggle of a hand to a forehead as he passed ; and, folding his arms, he leaned upon the rail betwixt the bowsprit and the cathead, and fell into deep thought to tbe accom paniment of the roaring and hissing and boiling of the divided waters, to who-<e frothing surface he would often be depressed by the leonine leap of the flying schooner into a trough till he could have graiped his hande full of the sparkling spume. It w&9 perfectly reasonable that be should be deeply agitated and affected by what Hiram had said, and by his few words after wards with Stone. There had been a brief time daring the voyage when he had won dered if Stone was sincere ; if the island he had Baid he was shipwrecked on were real or corresponded with the island Mr. Fort-scue had beheld in his dream. Those doubts had been set at rest- Hiram had testified to Stone's honesty. Then he had been now long enough intimate with the old man to feel sure he was trustworthy up to the hilt. But it was to originate an altogether new mis- giving—something widely remote from any former doubts, to suggest that Stone might be under a delusion. Captain Weeks had put the point cleverly euough when he represented that Bill, as he called him, might be perfectly sincere in his fancy that he kuew and had been cast awa? on the island of Mr. ForteBcue's dream, and act as if hia delusion were heaven's truth. Was such a thing possible? It might seem more so to a man of the temperament of the clergyman than to one of a less imaginative and nervous nature. He had himeelf read of, had heard instances of men, whose sanity was un questionable, whose principles were unim peachable, being governed by a belief in something they had seen, or something that had befallen them, which was as purely an illusion as the mirage or the . many ghosts which have been observed and run from since the days of the Witch Luuur. li tuid SCkoilld L'o Che' cam) with Swuti, if it ao happened that 'on© of the printed ' slips ' the curate had caused to be' circulated should have fallen into the hands of one of the seamen living, who imagined he had been shipwrecked on such an island as the sketch portrayed, how frightfnl wonld be the disappointment ! how hopeless the outlook 1 for, though he knew- the island of his dream to exist, where should he seek it ? and what would have been Agatha's fate by the time be had found it, if discoverable it were, npoa the mighty surface where he be lieved it lay ! He asked himself could -the plain, un lettered mind of Scone be possessed of imagina tions so vivid and logical as the one he had submitted at Wyloe, when he told the story of the chaBe of the scow, her sinking, his and his mates' sufferings npon the inland ? He turned to look at the square figure of the old fellow standing near the tiller, then resumed his former attitude, and then weat on thinking. He said to himself, ' Ciptain Weeks thinks I am being urged by a delusion, I know better — yet — yet— it might prove so !' A fancy chat startled him, it seemed impious, and he looked up to the blue sky as if for forgiveness ; yet. it wis a consistent thought, for he meant to reason to himself thac just as hia dream, real to him, Beemed a delusion to Hiram, ao might Stone's assertion of his shipwreck and the whereabouts of the island be absolutely real to the old sailor, and yet ail inexpressible deception But such i thoughts na-"- V?c: . significance ot this was made frightfully apparent to him when he turned his eyes opou the horizon, and reflected how far- stretching it was and through what ocean the brave little schooner was now bearing him. Too late ! Bv many days, by many weeks too late for him to dare to dream that there was ought of delusiveness in any detail of thig voyage. So far as Stone's sincerity went, so far as Hiram's capacity as a navigator, he must be patient. If they should come to a part of the Indian Ocean and Hiram Bhould say " Here is the place whore the island Bhould be,' and no laland shoald be visible, what vtionJLW.hy..such_an.is8ue cnujd siraply prove that Stone was nnder the delusion that Hiram had suggested ; but not that tbe vision cbac had wou the clergyman to this vcyage was false .No, the Verulain had been burnt! Agatha had escaped in one of the boats, the boat had reached an island after mauy days and had gone to pieces in the surf ; Agatha had been borne ashore by a courageous, un selfish hand, and upon the island, with streaming hair, with wild and burning eyes, with 'hollow ghastly face, with arms out stretched in agony of entreaty, she appealed to him to come and Bave her. It was all as true as that the sun was shining up there in t.be north with 'he mast heads of the speeding schooner reeling to and fro from him. What then wis to follow failure to the discovery of the island ? ' The poor fellow liftrd his glistening ey»-» to God: His refuge was there— he war in Hi? hands; the wondrous inspiration ' that 'nrged him would not fail him.' If'the island were not: where William Stone declared it to be, what could ho do but leave the piloting of his little ship to Heaven, and go on searching till the island rose above tho aea-line. ' These were hie thoughts, which he might have prolonged for ano'her hour, so many a->d strange were the emotions his imagina tion, his religious enthusiasm his determined faith'tinctur-d by mysticism, raised in him, but for Stone coming 'forward and saying, 'The capt'n's desired me to call your attention to that little vessel out yonder ahead.' , He turned to look at '.the old man first, and his face startled Scone, for it was fall of what was in his mind, an expression quite inde scribable— comparable may be to what you see in one who dreams with intense vividness a dream whose fabric is full of the alterna tions of radiance and gloom, sweeping into tbe heart hope and fear, delight and dread, and jay full of Banctity swiftly saddening into misgiving. It acted like a speech uDon Stone, for he answered it quickly and with an emotionalism Mr. Fortescue bad observed in him before, and which he would now fear as indicating qualities of mind easily productive of delusion : . r ' As God's livin' it's true," sir. Don't let what's been said worrit you. Thinkin' '11 only harm ye, and speakin' to you a« a man, Mr. Fortescue, as me and Hiram are , men, Wo'-» «" r.hroo n-i : l onell . vet afore we can know who a right and who's wrong.' . The clergyman Bmiled with a singular gen tleness and sweetness. 'Aye, Mr. Stone, it is as you say. We must wait. I have patience and hope, and time can on'y whet Ciptain Week's enriositv, bo that he will be supported too. What did yon say to me just now ?' ' Why, sir, that there was a Bail out there. D'ye see her? A bit of a boat that, Mr. Forte'cue, for the swells and seas of such an ' OCttHM'lW world right past Ocstralia back again to th Horn.' It was the vsBsel that had .provoked the cry of 'Sail-ho!' and had been taken by Hiram to be hull down when in reality she was but a few miles ahead. She was steer ing to the eastward as the schooner was, and she was a little cutter- rigged craft of about fifteen tons, a mere toy on the water, and for that reason, perhapB, of an indescribable gracefulness aB she rose to the height of a Bea, then vanished behind its fold with her boom on the quarter, her milk- white canvas sweep ing her onwards, as a sea-gull goes when it rounds to leeward and sails with the wind— an image indeed, which the s'retch of clotbB she showed would render perfectly appro priate, particularly the expansion of her squaresail and her half topsail on the weather side, and, on the oth»r, the hollowR of the mainsail and gafftopeail, white as snow in the sun ; for they looked wrngs indeed, surveyed from the fleck of the Golden Hope, when you saw the blick blot of the hull,, foreshortened into tbe mere square of the Btern running up the chasing volnme of blue, where, like a poised bird, the cutter seemed to linger a second, as if hesitating whether to fly Bkywards or leap into the valley opening under her Btem. Chapter XXIV.— The Course is Changed. Mr. Fortescue walked aft. Hiram had the sextant at his eye, but immsdiafly dropped it, singing out in a husky way, 1 Eight bells, Mr. Stone.' The clergyman picked up the telescope and examined the cutter, a mere glimpse of which, however, was all he could get, as she Bwirled up above the head of the sea with a little wake flashing from her. Oue man sat to windward, steering, and he could see anothermau standing in the companion-way with his face turned towards the schooner, and with a sextant or quadrant in bia hand, as though he, too, had been taking tbe sun's altitude. . ' A small ship to be knockin about in this here part of the world,' said Hiram, with a laugh. 1 One 'ud think a couple of lads haif run away with a gen'lman's yacht and got hlo wed out here. Would you like us to speak her, sir,' afore we haul3 to the nor- rard ?' ' 1 Certainly,' answered Mr. Fortescne, we re overtaking them fast. Thsy may want helo for all we know.' ' D m't look like it,' said Hiram ' or they d ha' hinted it afore now by a colour. What'll be the nation ? -English, sirtinly. You'd get no furriners to look at the Pacific in a craft of that sizs.' ' Yet Columbus Bailed into an ocsan that might have extended as far a» China in the north, and covered the southern hemisphere, for all we know. Ha and hi3 men were foreigners, Captain Weeks, and his ships very small and clumsy.' _ ' Well, sir, I forgot Columoius. He and his ship's companies were men — no one'll deny that Bat furriners have changed since them- times. They've gone down jest ae Englishman have come up. Do any man think it possible that he could ever make Isadora of Frenchmen, Portuguese, Italians, So iniards, and the likes o' them nations ? They've bin all tryin' for years, and bnildin' ships in the hopes of succeedin' ; but 'taint n no nse ; there's none of 'em as aren't like folks bit by mad dogs — a'eard o' water.' ' I see the little chap ahead has histed th" English ensign,' said Stone, speaking with his eye a; the tciescopo. -1- '-— c" some dodgin' to make out, but it's British colours, anyhow.' What could be ssen of the flag at the mast- head as if- blew forwards was like a tongce of flams, and. small as tbo ensign was, you felt the magnificent meaning of Tom Campbell's glorious line— 1 The meteor flag of England shall yet terrific burn'— as yon marked how that bit of banting there always dominated the surges, was always glaring out sunwards »nd saucily, wi'h the larboard heeling even when the brow of a billow standing betwixt the cutter and the schooner had hidden the little pelting fabric to half way np her gaff- topsail. And pelting was the word for her ; the Golden Hope was, of course, picking her np band over hand, bat, for all that, owing partly to her size, to tbe rash of white water, that io-e Bmothering her to either rail, and to hei buoyant fl jating, soaling, and descent of the seaa, the cutter looked to be making douhta tbe way of the schooo'er, and, in fact, \ i - . . f to be going through it as if abe was in towot a whale. < ; ' , ; r . Hiraih'motiohed to the fellow at the tiller to bring her a trifle on the starboard bow,' and at the same moment gave orders for the Btan- sdils to be boom-ended, topgallant and top sail halliards to be let go, and tbe tack of tbe mainsail hauled up; but it wae not nntil tbe squaresail was taken in tbat the Golden .Hope was enabled to hold' a station abreast of thei little cutter without paeaing her. She looked smaller now that Bhe waa cloee- to than when she had been at a distance. You got a better realisation of her littleness because of the contract of the volumes of water tnat lifted her, and the shortness and narrqrwness of deck she showed when eh& rolled to port. She was a beautiful little vessel, a perfecK clipper in build, coppered! to tb'o- bendS' wi th a ran like the lines of a dolphin, her ddck as white as a peeled almond, sava where the tumbling of froth aboard darkened it abont the waterways and in the head. A fioe Newfoundland dog, with his for a feet- npon the rail, barked madly at tbe schooner sb she bowled up to abreast, and kept on- barking as dogs will when they have been.- long deprived of all excuse for exercising' their throats in this way. The man in the- companion had put down his sextant and was smoking a p'tpe ; the other fellow steered' with great gravity, with a cock of his eye now and again at the schooner. ' Cutter aboy !' cried Hiram, leaning- over the rail. 'Hiiloi' panton. 'What vessel is that Y ' The Swordfish of Penzance, bound' to- Melbourne,' was the answer. ' Are yescraight from England ?' ' Ave, aB Btraight as we could come, ' How many of a crew ?' ' All you see, 'cepting' a boy below,'" came' the reply Bhou'ed with a pair of lungs .that we half as strong again in their carrying powders bb Hiram's. ' We're taking ont this cutter for a gentleman. What ship are you ?' ' The Golden Hope, of London.' ' Where are you bound ?' Hiram hung in the wind, and the ehortr- pause was felt by Mr. Fortescue keenly, with the sympathy that the intensely sensitive- mind possesses he could feel what was passing in the minds of Stone and Hirani, and m those of the schooner's crew who was listening to the exchange of sentences- . and wp.tchiog the little vessel with lively curiosity, , ' l'o che Hindie Ocean — on a crnise,' at- last bawled Hiram ; on hearing which the- two fellows in the cutter looked ateach other,, and then stared intently for some mom,entB- at the schooner. , \- 1 Blow me if I don't think they reckon we're- hont on some piratical job,' exclaimed-Hiram in a 1 iw voice to Stone. '' What's your port?' shouted the. man in the companion, whilst his mate gave the dog 'i kick to silence his barking, " 'Stone's Hisland,' replied Hiram, turning to old Stone with a grin, whilst Fortescue noticed the crew forward stare a't, struck by the tone of the captain's voice. ' Well, I hope you'll get there,' cried, .the man in the companion, thinking that Hiram was joking. '" 1« there anything you want ?' 'Nothing, . You can reoort iis when yo nach St me's Island, if you like. n- By r.nis time the cutter had run to th extent of the schooner's length ahead, and. the fresh following wind made the words that came from her hard to catch. ' Mightv independent chaps, them !' ex claimed Hiram. ' Suppose they tbinkB too ranch of their navigatin' powers to con descend to ask for our reck'nings. But ye can run the ensign up, Bill, and dip it to 'em.' ! . Fortescue stood watching the little 'craft- ahead skimming and buzzing over the seas-. Was it her size that, by causing the mighty deep here to have a look of our own home waters, made him think of Wyloe and of the- beach from which he and Agatha had often- watched such veBselH as yonder cutter flitting oast ivorv-like npon the evening indigo",' or like a. butterfly blown out to sea, when the afternoon light noon the water veiled every hull in radiant mist, and Bho wed nothing but tb«;Bails glimmering against the Bky? Full of thought, he stood with his gaze directed towards the small fabric as 'Bbe swept along half-buried in foam, scarcely not!3/e,chorJia?8.JP,f,Jhq.1flm|/ffhifFe observed the c.uttT go creeping away from the starboard bow to right abeam, revealing her broadside with tbe yellow metal Hashing behind the froth with h sort of rusty ruddi ness, while at the same time the echooner heeled over to her covering board, as though the wind had shifted and was blowing with twice its former weight. Ah ! there was a- beauty and a Bwiftness in her then that mast command the deepest admiration Hiram could- desire from those two adventurous spirits watching her from the cutter that waa ->!.<," irkaminv canvas among the billows, for under stunsaila and topgallantsail braced forward, and all cloths set to a hair and hard as a drum, the Golden Hope had brought the noble sailing breeze and the long, blue, brilliant, foaming billows, a point or two abaft the beam ; and the roaring of water nnder the bow was like a triumphant shonting of the. figurehead through its golden trumpet. Mr. Fortescue went to the compass, ant! looked at the point that swnng fair with tho lubbor's mark. He was pale as death bb he glanced from the card to Hiram, who wae- taking one last look around ere going below, and said, ' I see you have changed yonr course.' 'Yes sir,' answered Hiram, with singnlsr- solemnity : ' we're now bound straight aB the- crow flieB for Srone'e Hisland.' (to be continukd ) 