JACK. (FROM THE CENTURY). Jack was a Fairharbor boy. This might be to say any of several things ; but it is at least sure to say one - he was a fisherman, and the son of a fisherman. When people of another sort than Jack's have sold their earthly story through, the biography, the memorial, the obituary remains. Our poet, preacher, healer, politician, and the rest pass on to this polite sequel which society had ordained for human existence. When Jack dies, he stops. We find the fisherman squeezed into some corner of the accident column: 'Washed overboard,' or 'Lost in the fog.' and that is the whole of it. He ends just there. There is no more Jack. No fellow-member in the Society for Something-or-Nothing pass resolutions to his credit and the consolation of his family. No funeral discourse is preached over him and privately printed at the request of the parishioners. The columns of the religions weekly to which he did not subscribe contain no obituary sketches signed by the initials of friends not thought to be too afflicted to speak a good word for a dead man. From the Press of the neighbouring city no thin memorial volume sacred to his virtues and stone-blind to his defeats shall ever issue. Jack needs a biographer. Such the writer of this sketch would fain aspire to be. Jack was born at sea. His father was bringing his mother home from visit at a half- sister's in Nova Scotia, for Jack's mother was one of those homesick, clannish people who pine without the relations as much a some of us pine with them; and even a half sister was worth more to her in her fanciful and feeble condition than a whole one is apt to be to bolder souls. She had made her visit at her half-sister's and they had talked over receipts, and com- pared yeast, and cut out baby things, and turned dresses, and dyed flannel, and gone to [??] meetings together - and Jack's mother was coming home, partly because Jack's father came for her, and partly because he happened to came sober, which was a great point, and partly because the schooner had to sail, which was another- she was coming home, at all events, when a gale struck them. It was an ugly blow. The little two- masted vessel swamped, in short, at midnight of a moonlight night, off the coast, just the other side of seeing Cape Ann light. The crew were picked up by a three-master, and taken home. Aboard the three- master, in fright, and chill, and storm, the little boy was born. They always put it that he was born in Fairharbor. In fact, he was born rounding Eastern Point ' The toughest place to be borned in this side o' Torment.' Jack's father said, But Jack's mother said nothing at all. Jack's father kept sober till he got the mother and the child safely into the little crumbling, grey cottage, in ball of whose meagre dimensions the family kept up the illusion which they called home. Then, for truth compels me. I must state that Jack's father went straightaway out upon what, in even less obscure circles than his, it is customary to call ' a tear.' There seems to be something in the savage, incisive fitness of this word which has overridden all mere distinctions of class or culture, and must ultimately make it a classic in the language. "I've stood it long as I ken stand, and I'm goin' on a tear - I'm a-goin' on a satarnal tear,' said Jack's father to his oldest dory- mate, fellow he had a feeling for, much as you would for an oar you had handled a good many years, or perhaps a sail that you were used to, and had patched and watched, and knew the cracks in it, and the colour of it, and when it was likely to give way, and whereabouts it would hold. In fact, that proved to be, in deed and truth, an eternal tear for Jack's father Drunk as a fisherman could be-and that is saying a good deal-he reshipped that night, knowing not whither nor why, nor indeed knowing that the deed was done; and when he came to himself he was twelve hours out, on his way to the Banks of Newfoundland; and the young mother, with the baby on her arms, looked out of the frosty window over the foot of her old bedstead, and watched for him to come, and did not like to tell the neighbours that she was short of fuel. She was used to waiting - women are; Fairharbor women always are. But she had never waited so long before. And when, at the end of her waiting, the old dory-mate came in one night and told her that it hap- pened falling from the mast because he was not sober enough to be up there. Jack's mother said she had always expected it. But she had not expected it, all the same. We never expected trouble, we only fear it. And she had put the baby on the edge of the bed. and got upon her knees upon the floor, and laid her face on the baby, and tried to say her prayers-for she was a pious little woman, not knowing any better-but found she could not pray, she cried so. And the old dory-mate told her not to try, but to cry as hard as she could, And she told him he was very kind' and so she did. For she was fond of her husband although he got drunk; because he got drunk, one is tempted to say Her heart had gone the way of the hearts of drunkards' wives; she loved in proportion to her misery, and gave on equation with what she lost. All the woman in her mothered her husband when she could no longer wifely worship him. When he died she felt as if she had lost her eldest child. So, as I say, she kneeled with her face on the baby, and cried as if she had been the blessedest of wives. Afterwards she thought of this with self-reproach. She said one day to the old dory-mate: 'When my trouble came, I did not pray to God. I'd ought to have; but I only cried at Him.' Jack had come into the world in a storm, and he began it stormily. He was a big, roaring baby, and he became a restless boy His mother's gentle and unmodified femininity was helpless before the problem of this wholly masculine little being. She said Jack needed a man to manage him. He smoked at six; he lived in the stables and on the wharves at eight; he came when he got ready, and went when he pleased; he obeyed when be felt like it, and when he was punished, he kicked. Once, in an imagmative moment, he bit her. She sent him to pack mackerel, for they were put to it to keep soul and and body together, and he brought home such habits of speech as even the Fairharbor woman had never heard. From her little boy, her baby-not yet old enough to be out of short trousers, and scarcely our of little sacks ; had he been yours, my lady ; at the pretty age when one still fastens lace collars round their necks, and has them under shelter by dark, and hears their prayers, and challenges the breath of heaven lest it blow too rudely on some delicate forming fibre of soul or body-from her little boy, at eight years old, the mother first learned the abysses of vulgarity in a seaport town. It must be admitted that her education in this respect had been defective. She has always been one of the women in whose presence her neighbour did not speak too carelessly. But Jack's mother had the kind of eyes which do not see mire - the meek, religious, deep-blue eye which even growing sons re- spect while they strike the tears from it. At his worst Jack regarded her as a species of sacred fact, much like heaven or a hymn. Sometimes on Sunday night he stayed at home with her; he liked to hear her sing. She sang ' Rock of Ages.' in her best black alpaca, with her work-worn hands crossed, upon the gingham apron which she put on to save the dress. But as, she said, Jack needed a man to manage him. And one day when she said this, in spite of her gentle unconsciousness, or because of it, the old dory-mate to whom she said it said he thought so too, and said if she had no objection he would like to be that man. And the Fairharbor widow, who had never thought of each a thing, said she didn't know as she had; for nobody knew, she said, how near to starving they had come, and it was something to have a sober man. So on this reasonable basis Jack acquired a step-father, and his step-father sent him straightway to the Grand Banks. lIe meant it well enough, and perhaps it made no difference in the end. But Jack was a little fellow to go fishing - only ten. His first voyage was hard; it was a March voyage ; he got badly frostbitten, and the skipper was rough. He was knocked about a good deal, and had the measles by himself in his berth, and the men said they didn't know they had brought a baby to the Banks, for they were very busy; and Jack lay and cried a little, and thought about his mother, and wished he hadn't kicked her, but forgot it when he got well. So he swaggered about among the men, as a boy does when he is the only one in a crew, and aped their talk, and shared their grog, and did their hard work, and learned their songs, and came home with the early stages of moral ossification as well set in upon his little heart as a ten-year-old heart allows. The next voyage did not mend the matter, nor the next. And though the old dory-mate was an honest fellow, he had been more successful as a dory-mate than he was as a step-father. He and Jack did not 'get on.' Sometimes Jack's mother wondered if he had needed a man to manage him, but she never said so. She was a good wife, and she had fuel enough now; she only kissed Jack and said she meant it for the best, and then she went away and sang Rock of Ages to the tune of Martyn. very slow and quite on the wrong key. It seemed to make her feel better, poor thing. Jack sometimes wondered why. When he was twelve years old he came home from a winter voyage one night, and get his pay for his share - boy's pay yet for a boy's share, but bigger than it used to be and did not go home first, but went rollicking off with a crowd of Portuguese. It was a Sunday night, and his mother was expecting him, for she knew the boat was in. His step- father expected him, too - and his money: and Jack knew that. His mother had been sick, but Jack did not know that; she had been very sick, and had asked for him a great deal, There had been a baby-born dead while its father was off- shore after cod - and it had been very cold weather, and some- thing had gone wrong. At midnight of that night someone knocked at the door of the crumbling cottage. The step-father opened it; he looked pale and agitated. Some boys were there in a con- fused group; they bore what seemed to be a lifeless body on a drag, or bobsled. It was Jack, dead drunk. It was the first time - be was only twelve and one of the Fairharbor boys took the pipe from his mouth to explain: ' He was trapped by a Portygee, and they've stole every cent of him, 'n' kicked him out, 'n' left him stranded like a monk-fish, so me and the other fellows we borryed a sled and brung him home, for we thought his mother'd rather. He ain't dead, but he's jest as drank as if he was sixty!' The Fairharbor boy mentioned this circum- stance with a kind of abnormal pride, as if such superior maturity were a point for a comrade to make note of. But Jack's step- father went out softly and shut the door, and said ' Look here, boys - help me in with him, will you? Not that way. His mother's in there. she died an hour ago.' And so the curse of his heredity came upon him. She never knew, thank Heaven. Her knowledge would have been a kind of terrible fore.omoscience, if she had. She would have had no hope of him from that hour. Her experience would have left her no illusions. The drunkard's wife would have educated the drunkard's mother too 'liberally' for that. She would have taken in the whole scope and detail of the future in one midnight moment's breadth, as a problem in the higher mathematics may rest upon the width of a geometrical point But she did not know. We say - I mean it was our fashion of saying - that she did not know. God was merciful. She had asked for Jack, it seemed, over and over, but did not complain of him for not coming; she never complained of Jack. She said the poor boy must have stayed somewhere to have a pleasant time; and she said they were to give her love to him if he came in while she was asleep. And then she asked her husband to sing 'Rock of Ages' for her, because she did not feel very strong. He couldn't sing more than a halibut, poor fellow ; but he did not like to disappoint her, for he thought she looked what he called ' miserable' ; so he sat down by the bed and raised his hoarse, weather-beaten voice to the tune of Martyn, as best he could, and mixed up two verses inextricably with a line from ' Billy's on the Bright Blue Sea,' which he added because he saw he must have something to fill out, and it was all he could think of - but she thanked him very gently, and said he sang quite well ; and said once more that he was to give her love to Jack ; and went to sleep afterwards; and, by-and-bye, they could not wake her to see her boy of twelve brought to her drunk. The curse of his heredity was upon him. We may blame, we may loathe, we may wonder, we may despair; but we must not forget. There were enough to blame without remembering. Jack, like all drunkards, soon learned this. In fact, he did not remember it very well himself - not having been ac- quainted with his father; and never senti- mentalised over himself nor whined for his bad luck - but owned up to his sins, with the bluntness of as honest, bad fellow. He was rather an honest fellow, in spite of all. He never lied when he was sober. If the curse of his ancestry had come upon him, ito compensatory temperament came too. Jack had the merry heart of the easy drinker. Born with his father's alcoholisead brain- cells, poor baby, endowed with the narcotined conscience which this species of parentage bequeaths, he fell heir to the kind of atrac- tiveness that goes with the legacy. He was a happy-go-lucky fellow. Life sat airily on him. He had his mother's handsome eyes dashed with his father's fun (for she couldn't take a joke, to save her); he told a good story ; he did a kind deed; he was generous with his money when he had any, and never to the least disturbed when he hadn't. He was popular to the dangerous extent that makes one's vices seem a kind of social introduction, and not in Jack's circle alone be it said. Every crew wanted him. Drunk or sober, as a shipmate he was at par. It was usually easy for him to borrow. The fellows made up his fines for him, there was always somebody to go bail for him when be got before the police-court. Arrested per- haps, a half-dozen times a year in his maddest years, he never was set to the House in his life. There were always people enough who thought it a pity to let such a good fellow go to prison. He had - I was going to say as a matter of course he had - curly hair. One should not omit to notice that he was splendidly tattooed. He was proud, as seamen are, of his brawny arms, dashed from wrist to shoulder with the decorative ingenuity of his class. Jack had æsthetic views of his own, indeed, about his personal allowance of indigo. He had objected to the customary medley of anchors, starts, and crescents, and exhibited a certain reserve of taste. which was rather interesting. On his left arm he bore a very crooked lighthouse rising from a heavy sea; he was, in fact, quite flooded along the bici- pital muscle with waves and billows, but nothing else interfered with the massive proportions of the effect. This was con- sidered a masterly design, and Jack was often called upon to push up his sleeve and explain how he came by the ispiration. Upon the other arm be wore a crucifix, ten inches long this was touched with blood- red ink; the dead Christ hung upon it. lean and pitiful. Jack said he took the crucifix against his drowning. It was an uncommonly large and ornate crucifix. Jack was a steady drinker at nineteen. At twenty-five he was what either an inexperi- enced or a deeply experienced temperance missionary would have called incurable. The t intermediate grades would have confidently expected to save him. Of course course he reformed. He would not have been interesting if he had not. The unmin- gated sot has few attractions even for seafar- ing society. It is the foil and flash, the by- play and sidelight of character that ' lead us on.' Jack was always reforming. After that night when he was brought home on the bob-sled, the little boy was as steady and as miserable as he knew how to be for a long time; he drew the unfortunate inference that the one involved the other. By the time his mother's grave was green with the scanty Fairharbor church-yard grass - for even the sea-wind seems to have a grudge against the very dead for choosing dry graves in Fair- harbor, and scants them in their natural covering - by that time rank weeds had over- grown the sorrow of the homeless boy. He and his step-father 'got on' less than ever now, as was to be expected; and when one day Jack announced with characteristic can- dour that he was going to get drunk, if he went to Torment for it, the two parted com- pany ; and the crumbling cottage knew Jack no more. By and bye, when his stepfather won drowned at Georges'. Jack borrowed the money for some black gloves and a hat- band lIe had the reputation of being a polite fellow ; the fisherman spelled it t-o-n-y. Truth to tell, the old dory-mate had wondered sometimes on Sunday afternoons if he had been the man to manage Jack ; and felt that the main object of his second marriage had been defeated. Jack, as I say, was always reforming. Every temperance society to the city had a hand at him. They were of the old-fashioned, easy type which took their responsibilities comfortably. They held him out on a pair of moral tongs and tried to toast his misdemeanours out of him, before a quick fire of pledges and badges ; and when he tumbled out of the tongs, and asked the president and treasurer why they didn't bow to him in the street when he was drank, or why, it he was good enough for them at the lodge-room he wasn't good enough to shake hands with before folks oa the post-office steps, or propounded any of those ingenious posers with which his kind are in the habit of disturbing the benevolent spirit, they snapped the tongs to, and turned him over to the churches. These touched him gingerly. They invited him into the free pews-a dtamal little row in the gallery-sent him a tract or two, and asked him a few well-meant and very confusing religious questions, to which Jack's replies were far from satisfactory. One ardent person, a recent convert, coaxed him into a weekly prayer-meeting. It was a very good, honest, uninteresting prayer meeting, and there were people sitting there beside him with clean lives and clean faces whose motives Jack was not worthy to understand, and he knew enough to know it. But it happened to be a foreign mission prayer-meeting, devoted to the Burmese field ; which was, therefore, be it said, not so much an argument against foreign missions, as a deficient means of grace to the fisherman. Jack was terribly bored. He ran his hands through his curls, and felt for his tobacco, and whispered to the young convert to know it there weren't any waits in the play so a man could get out without hurting anybody's feelings. But just then the young convert struck up a hymn, and Jack stayed. He liked the singing. His restless hand- some face took on a change such as a windy day takes on towards dusk, when the breeze dies down. When he found found they were singing ' Rock of Ages,' he tried to sing it too \- for he was a famous tenor on deck. But when he had song a line or two-flash ! down in one of the empty pews in front, he saw a thin old lady with blue eyes, sitting in a black alpaca dress with her hands clasped on her gingham apron. That's my mother. Have I got the jim- jams ? asked this unaccustomed worshipper of himself. But then he remembered that he was sober. He could sing no longer after this, but bowed his head and looked into his old felt hat, and wondered if he were going to cry, or get religion. In point of fact, he did neither of these things, because a very old church-member arose just then, and said he saw a poor castaway in our midst to-night, and he besought the prayers of the meeting for his soul Jack stopped crying. He looked hard at the old church-member. He knew him; had always known him. The fisherman waited till that prayer was through \- it was rather a long prayer-and then he too sprang to his feet. He looked all around the decorous place; his face was white with the swift passion of the drinking man. 'I never spoke in a meetin' in my life,' said Jack in an unsteady voice. 'I ain't religions. I drink. But I'm sober to-night, and I've got something to say to you. I heard what that man said. I know him. He's old Jim Crownoby. I've always know'd Jim Crownoby He owns a sight of property in this town. He's a rich man. He owns that block on Black street. You know he does. You can't deny it. Nor he can't neither. All want to say is, I've got drunk in one of them places of his, time and again ; and if there ain't anybody but him to pray for my soul, I'd rather go to the devil.' Jack stopped short, jammed on his hat, and left the meeting. In the shocked rustle that followed, some one had the tact to start 'Rescue the Perishing.' as the fisherman strode down the broad aisle. He did not go again. The poor young convert followed him up for a week or two, and gave him an expensive Testament, bought out of an almost invisible personal income, in vain. 'I've no objections to you,' said Jack candidly; 'I'm much obliged to ye for yer politeness, sir. But them churches that sub- leases to a rum-seller, I don't think they understand a drinkin' man. Hey ? Well, ain't he their biggest rooster, now? Don't be do the heft of the prayin', and the tallest of their crowin', consequent! Thought so. Better leave me go, sir. I ain' t a pious man; I'm a fisherman.' 'Fishes,' said Jack, 'is no fools.' He gave voice to this remark one day in Boston, when he was tenty-five years old. He was trying to entertain a Boston girl; she was not familiar with Fairharbor or with the scenery of his calling; he wanted to interest her; he liked the girl. He had liked a good many girls, it goes without saying; but this one had laid upon the fisherman-- she knew not how, he knew not why, and what man or woman of us could have told him?-the power that comes not of the reason, or of time, or of trying, or of wisdom, or of rightness, but of the mystery to which, when we are not speaking of Jack, we give the name of love. It seems a sacrilege, admit, to write it here, and of these two. But then, again, it would be easy to be wrong. The study of the relativity of human feeling is a delicate science; it calls for a fine moral equipment. If this were the high-water mark of nature for Jack-and who shall say? - the tide shall have its sacred due, even down among those weeds and in that mud. He liked that girl, among them all, and her he thought of gently. He had known her a long time, as much as three months. When the vessel came into Boston to sell halibut,. he had a few days there, drifting about a fishermando, homeless and reckless ; dashing out the wages just paid off, in ways that sometimes ha remembered and sometimes he forgot, and usually left him without a dollar towards his next fine when he should be welcomed by the police-coart of his native city on returning home. Jack thought I say, gravely of this girL He never once took her name in vain among the fellows, and she had not even a very good girl either, But Jack reflected that he was not very good himself, if you came to that. His downright, honest nature stood him in stead in this moral distinction; there was always a broad streak of generosity in him at his worst ; it goes with the temperament, we say, and perhaps we say it too often to give him half the credit of it. She was a pretty girl, and she was very young. She had told Jack her story, as they strolled about the bright Boston streets on comfortable winter evenings ; when he took her to the variety show, or to the oyster-shop, and they talked together. Jack pitied her. Perhaps she deserved it; it wa a sad little story-and she was so very young. She had a gentle way, with Jack; for some reason, God knows why, she had trusted him from the first, and he had never once been known to disturb her trusat. That was the pleasant part of it. On this evening that we speak of, Jack was sober. He was often sober when he had an evening to spend with the Boston girl: not always - so, truth must be told. She looked as pretty as was in her that night; she had black eyes and a kind of yellow hair that Jack had never seen crinkled low on the fore- head above black eyes before; he thought her as fine to look at as anty actress he ever saw ; for the stage was Jack's standard of the mag- nificent, as it is to so many of this sort. The girls; name was Teen. Probably she had been called Christine once, in her country home; she even told Jack that she had been baptised, ' I wasn't myself,' said Jack ; 'I [??] so, they [??] do it. My mother got me to church, for she was a pious woman, and I pummelled the parson in the face with both fists, sad she said she came away, for she was ashamed of me. She always said that chris- tenin' wasn't never legal. Is disappointed her, too I was an awful baby.' ' I should think likely,' said Teen with candour. ' Do you set much by your mother ?' She's dead,' said Jack in a subdued voice. Teen looked at him ; she had never heard him speak like that. I 'most wished mine was,' said the girl; 'sh'd a b;en better off - along of me.' 'That's so,' said Jack. The two took a turn in silence, up and down the brightly-lighted street; their thoughts looked out strangely from their marred young faces ; they felt as if they were in a foreign country. Jack had meant to ask her to take a drink, but he gave it up; he couldn't somehow. 'Was you always a fisherman?' asked Teen, feeling, with a woman's tact, that somebody must change the current of the subject. ' I was a fisherman three generations back,' Jack answered her; 'borned a fishermen, you bet ! I couldn't 'a' b'en nothin" else if I'd drowned for it. It's a smart business. You jev to keep your wits about you. Fishes is no fools.' ' Ain't they ?' asked the girl listlessly. She was conscious of failing in conversational brilliancy : but the truth was she couldn't get over what they had been saying; it was always unfortunate when she remembered her mother. Jack began to talk to her about his business again, but Teen did not reply ; and when he looked down at her to see what ailed her, there were real tears rolling over her pretty cheeks. ' Why, Teen !' said Jack, ' Leave go of me, Jack.' said Teen, ' and let me get off ; I ain't good company to-night. I've got the dumps. I cant entertain ye, Jack. And Jack-don't let's talk about mothers next time, will we ? It spoils the evenin'. Leave go of me, and I'll go home by my own self. I'd rather.' ' I won't leave go of you ' cried Jack, with a sudden blazing purpose lighting up all the corners of his soul. It was a white light, not unboly; it seemed to shine through and through him with a soft glow like a candle on an altar. I'll never leave go of you, Teen, if you'll say so. I'd rather marry you. 'Marry mw?' said Teen. 'Yes, marry you. I'd a sight rather. There, now! It's out with it, What do you say to that Teen!' Teen wiped away the tears that fell for her mother with one slow finger tip, A ring on her finger glistened in the light as she did this. She saw the sparkle, tore off the ring and dashed it away; it fell into the mud, and was trodden out of sight instantly. Jack sprang gallantly to pick it up. 'Don't you touch it ' cried the girl. She put her bared hand back upon his arm ; the ring had left a little mark upon her finger ; she glanced at this, and up into Jack's hand- some face; he looked very kind ! ' Jack dear,' said Teen, softly, 'I ain't fit to marry ye.' ' You're fitter'n I be,' answered Jack, man- fully. Teen ached; she did not speak at once; other tears came now, but these were tears for herself and Jack. Jack felt this, after his fashion; they gave him singular confusion of mind. 'I wouldn't cry about it, Teen. You needn't have me if you don't want to.' 'But I do want to, Jack.' ' Honest?' 'Honest it is, Jack.' ' Will ye make a good wife, Teen ? asked Jack, after some unprecedented thought. 'I'll try, Jack.' 'You'll never go back on me, nohow ?' 'I ain't that sort !' cried the girl, drawing herself up a little. A new dignity at upon her with a certain grace which was beautiful 'Will you swear it. Teen ?' ' It you'd rather, Jack.' ' What'll you swear by, now ? asked Jack. ' You must swear by all you hold holy.' 'What so I hold holy ?' mused Teen. ' Will you swear,' continued Jack, seriously; 'will you swear to me by the Rock of Ages ?' Who's that ? asked the girl. 'It's a hymn tune. I want you to swear me by the Rock of Ages that you'll be that you say you will to me. Will you do it, Teen ?' 'Oh, yes,' said Teen, 'I'll do it. Where shall we come acrost one?' 'I guess I can find it,' Jack replied. 'I can find most anything I set out to.' So they started out at random, in their reckless fashion, in the great city, to find the Rock of Ages for the asking. Jack led his companion hither and yon, peering into churches, and vestries, and missions, and wherever he saw signs of sacred things. Singing they heard abun- dantly in the gay town; songs merry, mad, and sad; but not the song for a girl to swear by, that she would be true wife to a man who trusted her. Wandering thus, on the strange errand whose pathos was so far above their own dream or knowledge, they chanced at last upon the place, and the little group of people known in that part of Boston as Mother Mary's meeting. The girl said she had been there once, but that Mother Mary was too good for her; she was one of the real kind. Everybody knew Mother Mary, and her husband ; he was a [ar- son. They were poor folks themselves, Teen said, and understood poor folks, and did for them all the year round, not clearing out like rich ones when it came hot weather, but stood by 'em. Teen said. They kept the little room open, and if you wanted a prayer you went it and got it, just as you'd call for a drink or a supper; it was always on hand for you, and a kind word sure to come with it, and you always knew were to go for 'em; and Mother Mary treated you like folks. She liked her, Teen said. If she'd been a different girl, she'd have gone there of a cold night all winter. But Teen said she felt ashamed. 'I guess she'll have what I'm after,' said Jack. ' She sounds like she would. Let's go and see.' So they went into the quiet place, among the praying people, and stood staring, for they felt embarrassed. Mother Mary looked very white and peaceful; she was a tall, fair woman; she wore a black dress with white about the bosom; it was a plain, old dress, much mended. Mother Mary did not look rich, as Teen had said. The room was filled with poor creatures gathered about her, like her children, while she talked with them and taught them as she could. She crossed the room immediately to where the young man stood, with the girl beside him. ' We've come,' said Jack, 'to find the Rock of Ages.' He drew Teen's hand through his arm, and held it for a minute; then, moved by some fine instinct mysterious to himself, he lifted and laid it in Mother Mary's own. ' Explain it to her. ma'am,' he said' 'tell her. won't you. I'm going to marry her if she'll have me. I want her to swear by somethin' holy she'll be a true wife to me. She hadn't anything particularly holy herself, and the holiest thing I know of is the Rock of Ages. I've heard my mother sing it. She dead. We've been huntin' Boston over to- night after the Rock of Ages.' Mother Mary was used so the pathos of her sober work, but the tears sprang now to her large and gentle eyes. She did not speak to Jack-could not possibly, just then; but, delaying only for the moment till she could command herself, she flung her rich, maternal voice out upon the words of the old hymn. Her husband joined her, and all the people present swelled the chorus. '"Rock of Ages, cleft for me! Let me hide myself is [??] he of she the double cure ; Cleanse me from its guilt and power.' They sang it all through-the three verses that everybody knows-and Jack and Teen stood listening. Jack tried to sing himself: but Teen hid her face, and cried upon his 'Thou must save.' sang the praying people; 'Thou must save, and thou alone !' The strain died solemnly the room was quiet ; the minister yonder began to pray, and all the people bowed their heads, But Mother Mary stood quite still with the girl's hand trembling in her own. 'Swear it, Teen?' Jack bent down his curly head and whispered ; he would not shame his promised wife before these people. 'Swear by that, you'll be true wide to me ?' 'I sweat it jack,' sobbed Teen. If that's the Rock of Ages, I wear by it. though I was to die for it. I'll be as honest wife to you.' ' Come hack when you've got your licence,' said Mother Mary smiling through her tears, ' and my husband will marry you if you want him to.' 'Well come to morrow.' Jack answered gravely. 'Jack ,' said Teen in her pretty way-for she had a very pretty way - ' if I'm an honest wife to you, will you be kind to me? She did not ask him to sweat it by the Rock of Ages. She took his word for it. poor thing. Women do. Mother Mary's husband married them next day at the Missions meeting ; and Mother Mary sat down at the melodion in the corner of the pleasant place, and played and many Toplady's great hymn for them, as Jack had asked her. It was his wedding march. He was very sober and gentle - almost like a better man. Teen thought him the hand- somest man she had ever seen. ' Oh, I say, Teen,' he nodded to her as they walked away, 'one thing I forgot to tell you -I'm reformed.' 'Are you, Jack ?' 'If I ever drink a drop again, so help me-' But he stopped. 'So help you, Rock of Ages ?' asked the new-made wife. But Jack winced; he was honest enough to hesitate at this. ' I don't know's I'd darst - that,' he added, ruefully. ' But I'm reformed. I have lost all hanker for liquor. I shall never drink again. You'll see.' Teen did see, as was to be expected. She saw a great deal, poor thing. Jack did not drink-for a long time; it was nearly five months, for they kept close count. He took her to fairharbor, and rented the old half of the crumbling cottage where his mother used to sit and watch for him on long, late even- ings. The young wife did the watching now. They planted some cinnamon rose-bushes by the doorsteps of the cottage, and fostered them affectionately. Jack was as happy and sober as possible to begin with. He picked the cinnamon roses and brought them in for his wife to wear. He was proud to have a home of his own- he had not expected to ; in fact he had never had one since that night when his mother laid they were to give her love to him, if he came home while she was asleep. He had beaten about so, sleeping for the most part in his berth, and sailing again directly ; he had never had any place, he said, to hang hin winter clothes in; closets and bureaus seemed treasure-houses to him, and the kitchen fire a luxury greater than a less good-looking man would have deserved. When he came home, drenched and chilly, from a winter voyage, and Teen took the covers off, and the fiery heat of the coals leaped out to greet him, and she stood in the rich colour. with her yellow hair, young and fair and sweet as any man's wife could look, and said she had missed him, and called him her dear husband. Jack even went so far as to feel that Teen was the luxury. He treated her accordingly ; that was at first. He came straight home to her ; he kept her in flour and fuel; she had the little things and the gentle words that women need Teen was very fond of him. This was the first of it - I was going to say this was the worst of it. All there was of Teen seemed to have gone into her love for Jack. A part of Jack had gone into his love for Teen. Teen was very happy, to begin with. The respectable neighbours came to see her, and said, ' We're happy to make your acquaintance.' Nobody knew that it had not always been so; that Teen's acquaintance would have been a source of social happiness. And she wrote to her mother that she was married ; and her mother came to make her a little visit; and Teen cried her soul out for joy. She was very modest and home-keeping and loving ; no wife in the land was truer than this girl be had chosen was to the fisherman who chose her. Jack knew that. He believed in her. She made him happy, and therefore she kept him right. All this was at first. It did not last. Why should we expect that, when we see how little there is in the relation of man and women which lasts ! If happy birth and gentle rearing, and the forces of what we call education, and the silken webs of span re- finements are so strained in the tie which requires two who cannot get away from each other to make each other happy, how should we ask, of the law of chances, the miracle for Teen and Jack ? There was no miracle. No transubstantia- tion of the common bread to holy flesh was wrought upon that poor altar. Their lot went the way of other lots, with the facts of their history dead against them. Trouble came, and poverty, and children, and care. and distaste. Jack took to his old wars, and his wife to the tears that they bring. The children died ; they were poor sickly babies who wailed a little while in her arms, and slipped out because there wasn't enough for them to stay. And the grey house was damp. Some said it was diphtheria, but their mother said it was the will of God. She added, might HIS will be done ! On the whole she was not sorry. Their father struck her when he was in liquor. She thought if the babies lived, they might get hurt. A month before the last one was born she showed to Jack's biographer a bruise across her shoulder, long and livid. She buttoned her dress over it with hasty repentance. 'Maybe I'd oughtn't to have told,' she said. ' But he said he'd be kind to me.' Jack was very sorry about this when he was sober. He kissed his wife, and bought a pair of pink kid shoes for the baby, which it never grew large enough to wear. I am not writing a temperance story, only the biography of a fisherman, and a few words will say better than many how it was. Alcoholised brain-cells being one of the few bequests left to society which the heirs do not dispute, Jack went back to his habits with the ferocity that follows abstinence. Hard luck came. Teen was never much of a housekeeper; she had left her mother too early ; had never been taught. Things were soggy, and not always clean ; and the was so busy in being struck and scolded, and in beating and burying babies, that it grew comfortless beside the kitchen fire. The last of the illusion which had taken the name of home within the walls of the crumbling half-cottage withered out of it, just as the cinnamon roses did the summer Jack watered them with whiskey by a little emotional mistake. A worse thing had happened, too. Some shipmate had ' told' in the course of time ; and Teen's pre matrimonial story got set adrift upon the current-one of the cruelest currents of its kind-of Fairharbor gossip. The respectable neighbours made her feel it, as only respectable neighbours do such things. Jack, raging, overheard her name upon the wharves. Teen had been 'that she said she would' to him. He knew it. No matron in the town had kept her life or heart more true. In all her sickness and trouble and slackness, and in going cold or hungry, and in her vivid beauty that none or all of these things could quench, Teen had carried a sweet dignity of her own as the racer in the old Promethean festival carried the torch while he ran against the wind. Jack knew-oh, yes, he knew. But he grew sullen , suspicious. When he was drunk he was always jealous; it began to take that form. When he was sober he still admired his wife; sometimes he went so far as to remember that he loved her. When this happened, Teen dried her eyes, and brushed her yellow hair, and washed up the kitchen floor, and made the coffee, and said to the grocer when she paid for the sugar : ' My husband has reformed.' One night Jack came home unexpectedly : a strange mood sat upon him, which his wife did not find herself able to classify by any of the instant and exquisite perceptions which grow, like new facilities, in wives. He had been drinking heavily when he left her and she had not looked for him for days; if he sailed as be was, it would be a matter of weeks. Teen went straight to him ; she thought he might be hurt ; she held out her arms as she would to one of her children but he met her with a gesture of indifference. and she shrank back. ' She's here,' said Jack. 'Mother Mary's in this - town. I see her.' 'I wish she'd talk to you,' said Teen, saying precisely the wrong thing by the fatal instinct which so often possesses drunkards wives. 'You do, do you ?' quoth Jack. Well, I don't. I haven't gives her the chance. He crushed on his hat, and stole out of the house again. But his mood was on him ye; the dif- ference being that his wife was out of it. He sulked and skulked about the streets alone for a while ' he did not go back to the boys just then, but wandered with the apparent aimlessness in which the most tenacious sins are hidden. Mother Mary and her husband were holding sailors' meetings in the roughet quarter of the town. There was need enough of Mother Mary in Fairharbor. A crowd had gathered to hear the novelty. Fairharbor women were none too used to being objects of consideration ' it was a matter of mark that a parson and a lady should hire a room from a rich fish- farm. pay for it out of their own [??] pockets, and invite one in from deck or wharf, in one's oil clothes or jumper, to hear what a messmate of Jack's called 'a high-toned prayer.' He meant, perhaps to convey the idea that the petition treated the audience politely. Jack followed the crowd in the dark, shrinking in its wake, for he was now sober enough not to feel like him- self. He waited till the last of the fellows he knew had gone into the place and then crept up on tiptoe, and put his face against the window of the salt-cod warehouse where the little congregation was gathered, and looked in. The room was full and bright. It wore that same look of peace and shelter which he remembered. Mother Mary stood as she had stood before, tall and pale, in her black dress with the white cover- ing on her bosom. Her husband had been speaking to the fishermen, and she. as Jack put his gnarled hand to his excited eyes. and his eyes to the window-glass, turned her face [??] about, to start the singing. She seemed to Jack to look at him. Her look was sad. He felt ashamed, and cowered down below the window-silL But he wanted to hear her sing-he had never heard anybody sing like Mother Mary-and so he staid there for a little while, curled against the fish-house. It began to rain and he was pretty wet: but Jack was in his jumper, and a ragged old jumper at that; he knew he was not so handsome as he used to he ; he felt that he cut a poor figure even for a drunken fisher- man ; all the self+-respect that life had left him shrank from letting Mother Mary see him. Jack would not go in. A confused notion came to him, as he crouched against the warehouse, in the showers, that it was just as well it should rain on him ; it might wash him. He pushed up his sleeves, and let the rain fall on his arms. He found an old Cape Ann turkey box there was lying about, turned it edgewise so that one ragged knee might rest upon it, and thus bring his eye to a level with the window sill, while yet he could not be seen from within. So he crounched listening. The glimmer from the prayer-room came across the fisherman's bared right arm, and struck the crucifix. Jack had the unconscious attitude of one sinking, who had thrown up his arms to be saved. The Christ on the crucifix looked starved and sickly. Jack did not notice the crucifix. At this moment, Mother Mary's yearning voice rang out above the hoarse chorus of the fishermen, whose weather ragged and re- verent faces lifted themselves mistily before her. as id they had been the countenance of one helpless man: 'Rock of Ages, cleft for me ?' 'Oh, my God !' cried Jack. It was the next day that some one told Mother Mary, at the poor boarding-house where she staid, that a woman wanted a few words with her. The visitor was Teen. She was worn and wan and sobbing with excite- ment. Her baby was soon to be born. She did not look as if she had enough to eat. She had come, she said, just to just to see Mother Mary. just to tell her, for Jack never would tell himself, but she was sure her husband had reformed ; he would never drink again; he meant to be a sober man; and Mother Mary ought to know she did it, for she did. God bless her ! ' I've walked all this way to bless you for myself,' said Teen. ' I ain't very fit for walkin,' nor I can't afford a ferry-ticket. for he didn't leave me nothin' on this trip, but I've come to bless you. My husband come to your meetin,' Mother Mary, by himself, Jack did. He never goes to no meetin's -nobody couldn't drove him ; but he come to yours, because he sys you treat a man like folks, and he wouldn't go inside, for he'd been drinkin' and he felt ashamed. So he set outside upon a box behind the winder and he peeked in. And he said it rained on him while be set peekin', for he wanted to get a look at yon. And he come home and told me, for we'd had some words beforehand, and I was glad to see him. I was settin' there and cryin' when he come. " I wouldn't, Teen," says he, " for I've seen Mother Mary, and I'm reformed," says he. So he told me how he set upon the box and peeked He says you looked straight at him. He says you stood up very tall and kind of white. He says you read something out of a book, and then you sang to him. He says the song you sang was Rock of Ages, and it made him feel so bad I had to cry to see him. He come in and he got down on the lounge against our window, and he put his hand across his eyes and groaned like he was hurted in an accident. And he says. " Teen, I wished I was a better man." And I says, " Jack, I wished you was." And he says, "I lost the hanker when I heard her sing the Rock of Ages, and if I lost the hanker, I could swear off." So I didn't answer him, for if I says "do swear off," he'd just swear on - they won't, you know, for wives. But I made him a cup of coffee, for I didn't know what else to do, and I brought it to him on the lounge. and he thanked me. "Teen," he sas " I'll never drink a drop again, so help me, Mother Mary ' And then he kissed me, for they don't, you know, after you've been married. And he's gone out haddockin', but we parted very kind. And so I come to tell you. for it mayn't be many days that I could walk it, and I've been that to him as I said I should, and I thought you'd better know.' ' You've had no breakfast,' answered Mother Mary, 'and you've walked too far. Here, stop at the Holly Tree as you to home; get a bowl of soup and take the ferry back. There, there I don't cry quite so hard. I'll try to stay a little longer. I won't leave town till Jack comes in. It takes the Rock of Ages to cure the hanker, Teen. But I've seen older men than he is stop as if ther had been stopped by a lasso thrown from heaven. If there's any save in him,' added Mother Mary below her breath, 'he shall have his chance, this time.' He went aboard sober, and sober he stayed. He kept a good deal by himself, and thought of many things. His face paled out and refined, as their faces do, from abstinence; the ghost of his good looks hovered about him ; he mended up his clothes; he did a kind turn to a messmate now and then; he told some excellent clean stories, and raised the spirits of the crew; he lent a dollar to a fellow with the rheumatism who had an indebtedness to liquidate for medicine. When he had done this, he remembered that he had left his wife without money, and said aloud : 'That's a -- mean trick to play on a woman.' He had bad luck, however, that trip; his share was small; he made 7dol. and 27c in three weeks. This was conceded by the crew of the fishing schooner her name was the Destiny) to be because Jack had, ' sworn off.' It is a superstition among them. One unfamiliar with the lives of these men will hammer cold iron if he thinks to persuade them that rum and luck do not go together ; or that to 'reform' does not imply a reduc- tion of personal income. You might as well try to put the fishermen's fist into a Honiton lace jumper, as the fisherman's mind into proportion upon this point. Therefore Jack took his poor trip care- lessly : it was to be expected ; he would ex- plain it to Mother Mary when he got in. He drank nothing at all; and they weighed for home. (TO BE CONCLUDED IN OUR NEXT.) 