w As Others See Us." A YANKEE GIRL'S IMPRESSIONS OF THE SUNNS: SOUTH. LETTER NO. XLIX. Luoinda Sharpe on the Eight Honrs' TOby - As easy as falling off a log.-Brisbane 25 years ahead of Chicago,-Parallel to Shrovetide Masquerades, and St Jean Baptiste fetes.-The Procession--Saved by a Corset*-The envious shop* assistants The army of labor--The Anti-Chinkie Banner-The Jack Tars-Sailors' effigy of the Legislative Council. ; " ! Brisbane, Queensland, March 2nd, 1887 My dearest Kittie,-There is one thing about Queensland-and, indeed, about all Australia--of ?which I think I have never told you, but which you will be most astonished to learn. Hete, if you please, the working-men have had for many years the Eight Hours' Day, to get . which Chicago was unsuccessfully turned upside down last May, and which, probably, nine out of ten of the people there regard as an impossibility. Take niy word for it, that it'8 as easy as rolling off a log-the average Australian working man would see everybody canon ized before he'd work a minute longer. However, possibility or impossibility in Chicago, it's a matter of-fact in Brisbane. Here it is no longer boped for, but celebrated. The first of March is here kept as a holiday in honor of its establishment, and yesterday was its twenty-second anniversary. Don't talk any more of your go-ahead Chicago, Kittie mine. I disown it. Brisbane is twenty-five years ahead of it, and of every other city in America. A ten-hour day--the Chicago day-is barbaric. Like all new-chums, I learnt that in a week, and like all good Australians I believe it, as I do that there should be three square meals a day, if not four. As I said, the first of March is a famous day in Brisbane; it is celebrated by the trade societies and various other bodies <.f "eight-hours' men" parading in procession through the town to the Exhibition Grounds, and there putting in what is popularly con sidered to be a good time. This procession is a thing to which most Brisbaners look forward as they do on the Mississippi to the Shrovetide masquerade parades, and as they do in Canada to the display of the grafts in honor of St. Jean Baptiste, patron of honest workmen. But neither the lackadaisical masqueraders of Memphis, nor the Canadian handi craftsmen, can compare to the men who marched through Brisbane yesterday. How can they ? Bris baners don't work themselves to death j they have time to play, to think, to be free. # # # At the head of Queen-street tke procession formed, of course, for here everything is done in Queen street that can be done. I really believe that most Brisbane people fancy Queen-street is Queens-land. And yet it is such a filthy, dark, narrow, incon venient street. Bah! I can't describe it just nOw, but it looks as though it was modelled after the slum streets of Smyrna and then improved a little. However, narrow and inconvenient as it is, at its head - in William-street, where the Government offices mostly are-the procession was marshalled with much playing of bands, waving of ban*ers, and shouting of men. The streets were thronged all along the two miles that the route stretched, with comfortable-looking people, well-fed and well-dressed, -with Australians who growl at hard times, but who, by the providence of circumstances, do not yet know what really hard times mean. They stood at the kerb and waited; mere lookers on, wives and children waiting to see "father"; girls looking out for their sweethearts; and old men, whose marching days were over, looking out for their sons. Charley and I got up on a low bank verandah from which we had a splendid view, only deteriorated by the manner in which those who also wanted to see, and were behind , attempted to jamb me flat. Fortunately, the balustrade was only waist high, and so 1 managed to endure patiently. We didn't have long to wait; for, soon after nine, a bit of a cheer went up from the crowds that, thronged abont anew'Treasury building that is going up at the corner, and wfacb, like several othfer "William-street places, was gaily adorned with flags* There was ail answering little murmur from the bridge close by, and from the Longreach Hotel just opposite; then the Headquarters Band struck up a lively march, and, stepping out, led the way round the corner and down Queen-street. What a crush there was for a minute ! I consider that corset-wearing saved my life. The Headquarters Band is a good band and a gay band, perfectly disciplined, and tastily dressed in white, dashed with scarlet, and the waltz which it played as a marching tune made everybody happy, and even induced forgetfulness of squeezing and crowding. Just behind them a great banner towered, upborne by a dozen strapping fellows, and glittering, in blue and gold and' all other pretty colors, beneath the blazing sun. It let everybody" know that Eight - Hours - from eight till five its ornamental clocks said-was the Australian work ing day, and it pictured a couple of brawny mechanics in a manner that was calculated to make every woman in the crowd fall in love with combined brain and muscle. Under the banner marched 30 men or so, looking staid and responsible, as became delegates of the Trades Council. Then came a little gap, and then body after body of members of the various trades and callings.. You knew his craft by the ribbon badge which every man wore in his button- hole, and among the side-walk crowd the same colors bloomed everywhere, on girls' hats, on boys' sleeves, on women's breasts, and about babies' necks. Every other body wore some color or other, and-funny to those who only i know of the orange and green '.-those who wore one had only the friendliest feeling for those who j wore another. First came the brickmakers with red and yellow, and after them the stalwart boilermakers, showing the Stewart tartan as a memory of the distant Clyde. There were 100 men in each of these societies, but. before one could see them properly they were by, with their five-mile marching time; another band stepped up and changed the dominant time to one hardly so lively, but with a great deal more swing. And thus it went on. The red-ribboned brick layers beneath a magnificent new banner, represent ing the well-known Babel design, seen as often in America and in England as anywhere else where the bricklayers gather. Then came the plasterers with a craft-lorry, played al«ng by the white-clothed, blue- collared naval band, and followed by the keen faced engineers, purple-badged; the heavy-set but fine-looking laborers; the shipwrights, and the iron workers' laborers. These were followed by the typos, with a printing-press, and wearing the red and blue; the stonemasons, with s4one-cutting shown on a lorry, and with their great banner flying | above them; the coachmakers, with a beautiful i little buggy as a sample of their work j the royal- j [ tartan ironmoulders; the blue and brown painters ; then a great body of carpenters, with another ' banner; all the while half - a - dozen bands j playing, and the blue overhead undimmed I by a single cloud. It was really a fine eight and an I independent one. I'm sure that many a shopkeeper, ' and shopkeeper's assistant envied these two thousand I marching eight hours' men. Not a man of them that [was not respectably attired, and able to work well at rhis craft. I had looked aside down the street, admiring the tout ensemble of the broad and living stream that was flowing down it, set off by the glittering band's helmets and flaunting banners and gaily caparisoned horses-a display that to me seems better and nobler than all the march ings of soldiers, and exhibits of military pomp. " It is an army," I thought;" the army of labor that is to over run the world." Suddenly a cheer was started ; so suddenly, that I almost tumbled over the balustrade with the surprise. The cabinetmakers had turned the corner, marching fast to close up the gap that separated them from the main body. They were 100 strong and compact, and they wore their ribbons well; but it wasn't them that the cheer was for j it was for the banner they carried, and the design it bore. On a scarlet ground, a white grappled with a Chinkie, and demanded, "Who's to go ?" It took with the crowd, you bet, as such inspirations always do, and it was cheered at every corner, while other far finer banners passed unnoticed. On its reverse side appeared, " Australians hold your ownTo which I thought quietly that the Valentine was an Australian, and he could rely on me being anti-Chinese, and anti everything «lse which wasxalculjated to hurt his Australia. Close behind came the blacksmiths and the quarrymen. I thought then it was over, and suggested that we should go. . " Step a bit," said Charley; " what's become pf the sailors r" And sure enough there was a commotion now, more than before the procession started. " Here come the sailors/1 was the word j we heard cheering and laughter from round the corner; a brass band struck up " Jack's come home to-day/' and next instant " Jack" himself came into view. The band came first, blowing away as though the instruments were to be bursted; a banner next, showing a sea scene, far too wide for the street, its bearers pressing through the crowd as a vessel throws the wares back when she heels over under press of sail. The sailors themselves followed, keeping swaggering step to their band's music-as fine a lot of men as could well be got together, and greeted as the Bailor always is greeted by admiring and sympathetic landsmen. But the joke of the day was coming behind them, and everybody crowded to look when it appeared. It was " Jack's" way of protest ing against any injustice, and the hit went down with the onlookers, though very few knew exactly what it meant. On a lorry were seated 21 tars, 18 wearing big white bats and long beards, and representing the Members of the Council who excluded the seamen from the privileges of the Employers' Liability Act, 3 wearing "sheets, and posing as the ghosts of seamen who have recently been killed in the river. Placards told all about it, and naturally those who sympathized with the eight-hours sympathized with the sailors' jocular satire j it was a triumphal march. # # # At the exhibition, when we got there to see the fun, everything was gay. In the great hall* the young folks danced amid a crowd, which proves how fascinating dancing is; in the ring, races were being run, at which thousands gazed intently and in terestedly ; at the bars, hundreds were drinking ; girls and boys were on the merry-go-round j the spielers were being ejected by the police j and every thing was very pleasant. But a downfall of rain spoiled the pleasantness soon after two o'clock, and, though I'm told they ran the races off afterwards, the rain thinned the crowd of course. You'd have been surprised to see how little drunkenness there was, and how little quarrelling, considering the crowd and the occasion. I tell you, Kittie, the Eight-hours* idea is a real good thing, and eight-hour men know how to appreciate it. It has influenced the whole future of Australia, this custom. It influences everybody more or less even the sewing-girls and shop-girls, who still are worked to death. But the latter have, in the Southern colonies, been helped by laws, which will be introduced here also this year, it is said. This comes from the sacredness-of-leisure feeling, which the Eight-lours custom has invoked. I my self feel now that I should hate to live in America and work as everybody works there; getting up so early, going to bed so late, taking little leisure, worrying and driving till premature death stops it. Even we women grow old quickly thero, and as for men-well, Charley's getting grey already, although we've got acclimatized to Australian ways, and be lieve in leisure. That is his legacy from America, | and makes me, whenever I pull a hair out, which is often, take more and more stock in the Eight Hours' j Day. Ever your friend* LUCINDA. SHAEPB. Mr. J. WAiiLA.CE; late of the National Mutual, has gone up to Rockhampton as a representative of the A.M. P. Society. Mr. Wallace is about one of the best fellows going, and as a canvasser he cannot be touched, for he'd knock a proposal out of a heathen Chinee, ay, out of old joss himself. The A.M.P. are to be congratulated on securing such a thorough white man, and if he does not do business to the tune of a few millions for his company before he returns, FIGARO is greatly mistaken. MB. WHWRRY, the well-known tobacconist, has. I see, removed his establishment, to one of those central shops opposite the Supreme Court. As he always keeps the very best brands of tobaccos, cigars, &c;" I have little doubt but that he will secure a large share of patronage. PBINCE HENRY OF BATTENBERG is not permitted to sleqp out, nor is he allowed a latch-key. Who would not be 9, Prince, 