s Australian Tales and Adventures. No, Ie.-( (L.enecludeld.) A RACE FOR LIFE. By R. P. Whitworth. CHAPTER IV. WHAT DICK NUnENT DID. e As l have already said, Dick Nugentwaean ofilcer in the now defnnot Cape Mounted SRitite, and that, alter the disbandmentof that galloteorp, hbe came out to Australia. So he did. But there remains between Orahame' Town at the Cape, and Australia, a hiatus of two years to be tilled up, and this is the very mystery, a mystery about which you could very rarely tot Dick to say anything, for he was as modest as ho was brave, and his gallanR deeds, although recorded in the regi. mental orders of the day, woer seldom, if ever, hilatleel tO by himseelf. The fact is that Dick, durine the two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where k he had done good service with the troops under the command of the gallant and lamented Von Tempeky. Dick was as dash. ing a light dragoon as ever wielded a sabre, or wore a forage cap on thiree hairs, and soon attracted the attention of his bravo leader, by whom he was signalled out for any deed re. quiring special emartness and daring. It was indeed a perilous time. The hill tribes of Maoris, under the astute Tamati nnga Mano, and the ferocious Patarika his brother, had descended from the elopes and fastnesses of Tongariro, Iluapohn, and Kahitap.nua, and had descended, breathing blood and slaughter on the peaceful settlements of Klkaramea, and the Pates RIiver, and had joined the Pariatea natives under "tho prophet" Te Whiti in what they looked upon as a holy war against British rule. The Maor is n strange compound of ounn. ing, ferocity, cupidity, and generosity. Faith. ful as a friend, he is equally treacherous as an enemy, and in his anger known neither pity nor remorse. Instigated thereto by the fanatical leaders named, the wild savages of the interior came down in thousands to sweep the detested "Pakehas" from the face of the land, and it was to stay this torrent of human passion, to drive back this avalanche t of cruelty and rapine that Von Tempsky and s his gallant band had penetrated so far inland Sas the Upper Wanganui river, the very thres. hold of the Maori territory. They had been tolerably successful in repelling the advance of the savages, and bad, at all events, contrived to keep the lower settlements free from attack, but, although the danger was in a great measure ignored and pooh-poohed at head quarters by the military authorities at a safe distance in Wellington, still those who knew the Maori character beet, saw that this was but the smouldering of the fire that should presently burst forth lihk the sleeping volcano of Tongariro in the distance, and overwhelm the land in ruin and dismay. Von Tempsky's troops were stationed at a block house in a clearing on the edge of a clump of bush, which though tolerably open on its outeskirts, grew gradually more dense inland, until at a mile or so from the camp it was almost totally impassable. To the North and West of the encampment the country was more open, and was dotted with numerous clearings and patches of cultivated land, the homesteads of well to do settlers, who were anxiously waiting the current of events, not knowing one day from another when the terrible Maoris might spread deao. lation in their midst. Dick Nugent and three others had been for more than a week detached from the main body on outpost duty, as an advance pielet or sconting party. They were stationed about fourn iles from the camp and occupied quarters at the farm of one of the out.eottlers. Every thing was quiet, and although rumors were rife that the Maoris were rising in this or that direction, nothing definite could be seen or heard of the wily foe. Still there was a portent of trouble in the very air, and the silence and stillness was like that before a thunder.storm. The storm was, alas, to come too soon. One fine morning in February Dick, who was in charge of the picket, divided his men into two parties with the object of paying a visit to two outlook spots which commanded a view of the surrounding country. There were two not very lofty hills close to the edge of a belt of forest, which stretched away to the lofty ranges to the east ward. It was the custom of the two parties after visiting these outlooks to meet half.wayi between them, and then to visit a ford in the river a mile or so further on. Dick and his comrade had visited their station, and perceiving no cause for alarm, had passed along to the meeting place to join the other party, But no one appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed at the un wonted delay, they advanced slowly and cautiously along the track. It was very strange. The country round was silentas the grave. Not a eight nor a nonnd that could betoken the presence of an enemy, and yet they felt a singular premonition of impending danger and disaster. Had the beginning :ofat the end then arrived The question was speedily answered, for, nearing the foot of the hill, Dick, who was in advance, suddenly dropped on his knees behind a bnsh, signing to his companion to do the same, as he per calved something moving through the bushes ahead. It was as he half thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatooed and painted, stealing on the silent lope which characterises their march. The terrible war dance had been performed, the war oaneo had been launched on lake Rotorur, 'and they had come forth from their fastnesses breathing war and thirsting for slaughter, headed by the ferocious and bloodthirsty fanatic Patarika Nga Manu himself, than whom any one more diabolical in aspect or in character, it was impossible to conceive. Too well they knew what had happened; the demon band, themselves con. coaled in the bush had seen the poor fellows unconecious of danger on the summit of the hill, and had stolen round and slaughtered them with the murderous meri. Dick and his companion had barely time to sink out of sight in the thick tern and I undergrowth that skirted the road when they came into full view. Led by the gigantia Patarika, a very Hercules in size and strength whose patu still reeked with the blood of the troopers, they passed stealthily and rapidly.,. along the track in the direction of the other.A" hill, evidently knowing the hablts ojL~id ' secoote, who` had in all probasbility been watched. and intending to murder them like wipe' and to make a raid on the settlers roond before the main body of troops shonld hear of it. The Maorio passed as silently as ghosts. they numbered about fitlly, and wore all fully armed and equipped with native weapons, and a few having fire Irms. No time was to bhe lost. The Manora would coon discover the escope of their intended vie time, and would either search the bush for them, or what war more likely, make straight for the farm, and murder every soul, man, woman, and child, in it. Partly crawling therefore, partly running through the masses of dense undergrowth, the two troopers made a bee line for the hbnce. But ere they reached it they had hell a mile of open country to orces, and before they had left the forest they heard the yell of disappointment from the Maoris at finding theirvietims gone. Dick well knew that their wonderful instinct for tracking would soon send them inhot oursoit, and he therefore urged his compan on forward with all the speed he could. But the young fellow had neither the wind nor endurancoDick had, and soon began to lag behind. In vain Dick spurred him on, for his strength failed him, and at last, just as they reached the open, and after a last effort, he tripped over a root, fell prone on the earth, and at the same time sprained his ankle. " Put a bullet through my head, Dick, and leave me," said the poor fellow, in mortal anguish. "Yes, and through my own at the ame time. No Bob, not yes, While there's life there's hope, I'll drop s ftw of 'om at any rate, and if they do catch u', l'll save the last two shots for you end mysell." "Yeas Dick, but I can't even walk, and they have guns." " Bah, gune, why they couldn'hit hia hay stack," and so saying leo alung his comrade over his broad shoulders, and set oflf again at a rapid pace. But he had barely got half way over the open flat when the Maoria burst from the covert, with a loud yell of delight at oeeing their quarry so near them, while he re doubled his efforts to Ierch the house. It was indeed a race for lile, and he was too heavily handicapped to have much chance. Nevertheless he itru?ge'icd bravely on, nerved to desperation by the savage yells and taunts behind him. 01 the Maoris, one, a famous runner, had for outstripped the others, and was rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within die. tance, to hurl his spear at the flying foc. But Dick know better than that. Stopping suddenly short, when his comrade told him the Maori was within revolver range, he turned, took a quick aim at -his advancing enemy, fired, and the savage, bounding for. ward, fell on his face coughing up blood, with a bullet through his chest. But this short pause had, of course, given the pur. suers somo advantage, although the one or two who had the lead did not seem at all anxious to keep up that honorable distins. tion. Yet they did not abate their pace, and rapidly gained on him, as with his load his travelling was neceesarily slow. Nearer and nearer the enemy, and nearer and nearer the house. Would he reach it, The white faces at the window were those of the settler's wife and daughter, while at the door, and ready to close it behind the sorely beset man, stood the settler and his son. Would he ever win that friendly door ? A few steps more. He falters, staggers, pulls himself together for a last effort, and fairly falls through the open doorway into the middle of the apartment as a spear quivers in the door. Thank heaven I Quick rifles, orackc, crack, two streams of fire, two puffs of smoke, and two more of the savages bite the dust. Aye, yell, and scream, and blaspheme in the language of Mania, oh redoubtable Patarika nga Mann, but keep out of the reach of those venomous looking rifle barrels, or your Ran. gatiraship in sped. Of tho gallant defence of the homestead by that little band until warned by the signal smoke agreed on, the main body of troops came up, and forced the Maoris back into theo bush, who, having been in that part of the country, has not heard, and who gained such honour both at hcad.quarters, and from his commander? He having held the ferocious savages at bay, and escaped with his life by something little short of a miracle, was looked upon as a kind of hero, and although he never talked about this feat of his, still his reputa. tion clung to him, and, as a matter of course, made him a favourite with the ladies, even had his natural good humor and gaiety of heart not done so already. OHAPTER V. WHAT CAME OF IT. But there were other symptoms of love making in our little party, and despite the watchfulnese of Miss Forayth, and although I laid a strict injunction on every one not to stray out of sight of the camping ground, under pain of being lost in that dense bush. still, when the baskets had been opened, and the good things therein discussed, all my care and watchfulness could not prevent the young folks straying off in pairs, professedly in search of ferns, bush flowers, or what not. Indeed, wheo'lolled by the endless mur. mur of the waterfall, and soothed by the narcotic influences of the post prandial pipe, Mr Porsyth and myself dropped off into that swcotest of all slumbers, the siesta by the camp fire, our flock wandered away alto gether, Dick and Kate, of course, Tom Lip. pinoott and Laurn, and oven the stately " Duchess," Miss Nugeont, had been led away into the trifling pursuit of forn gathering in the dense undergrowth by the "newspaper chap." " Cooey" soon brought the stragglers back to camp however, and after a billy of tea, and the remnants of the main feast had been disposed of, we retraced our steps along the blazed track through the obscure forest, hot, foot-sore, weary, dusty, dirty and ragged enough in all consicienc, but merry as crickets, and anticipating a refreshing dip in the briny an our arrival "home." Ah me I twelve months have passed and gone since that pleasant gianit in the grand Otway ltanges, but in twelve months have many changes, been brought about, not least of all, 1 fancy, or perhaps in a great measure by the exertions of my dear old wife, whodin most inveterate match maker. )DIokvandt Kate are married, so are Tom Llppinoott and ' laura, the wedding of Jack Thompson andŽ; the haughty Clata Nugent is on the tapis; and Pierce Vansittart called on mo no longer sinee than yesterday, to ask my counsel In a delicate matter, in which a certain Miess Emma Ross, now in IHobrtown, but with whom he has been for some time in corres pondence, was concerned. Old Forsyth and myself meet ococnsioonally, for he spends more of his time in Victoria . than formerly, now his girlsare married, and as ?the new year appronahes, Mrs Bourke Collins begins to throwr out mysterious hints about the sea.side, and to compare the . relative merits and expense of Queensoliff, Porteesn, Lorno and other places, all of which , I pretend either not to hear or not to under, stand, but which I know full well portends a : visit to one or other of those places .so Li. aseourable to herlravorite pastime of mosall.: maklng. ". 507 