v FICTION. , From EnRimii Amerlenn, nnri Other Peri o die al .? THE RIVALS. CHAPTER XLI. THE DIRECTOBS ABB AMAZED. " I shall . go straight throagh this alley to the Rue Castiglione," Louis said to Margaret, 'as they stopped into the narrow street, " the distance is not great and we shall not attract attention this way. I can get a carriage for you there and send you comfortably home." " Lou^s, I shall go to the office with tyou-yon may n«o& my testimony, you know." " I hope that the company will accept my explan- ation of the affair without adopting any legal pro- ceedings, for I dislike, exceedingly, the thought of dragging you before the public." Margaret glanced ' at him. His face was very pale and wore an anxious expression. | " I »hall go with you," BIIC repeated decidedly, and he made no further objection. They walked on silently amd swiftly, both feeling a desire to get the precious contents ef that basket into a place of safety as soon as possible. They reached the end of tho alley, turned the corner to %the left, and were iat the door of the offije. ' $ The outer door was open, and . the young couple entered.' Louis hesitated a moment as'his hand touched the knob upon the inner door, and Margaret could see that ho was greatly agitated. But it was only for an instant-the next ho had entered that familiar room, followed by his faithful t betrothed. I There was no one in this outer office, the clerk had evidently just gone out, and for a few moments only, as his desk was littered with papers and letters. Louis passed with a rapid step across the room to the inner office, where the cashier was sitting be- fore his desk, busily engaged in making up some accounts. I He glanced up with an impatient ah-, as Louis entered, as if annoyed by the interruption. But instantly a look of astonishment spread over his face. It grew to one of horror, as if he almost believed himself confronted by a disembodied spirit, His pen dropped from his nerveless Angers, and he staggered weakly to his feet. "Mon Dieu ! Dunbar!'* he cried, in a hollow voice. "Yes, it is Dunbar, and not his ghost, as I see you are half inclined to believe," Louis said, put- ting down his basket, and holding out his shaking hand to his old comrade. Tfe man took it mechanically, but still regarded him with a soi't of dazed air. Í "We-I-thought you must be-dead," ha stauimeied, at last. " Then you did not believe that I had absconded with the company's money ?" Louis questioned. '. Dunbar-if it is indeed you, as I am half in- clined to doubt," began the man, shaking himself, as if to arouse his benumbed faculties-" I knew" you wercas true as steel. I never believed for a moment that you played any trick upon us." " Then others believed it, if you did not "" quickly returned Louis, with a painted» quiver in his voice, as he noticed the emphasis on the pro- noun. "Well," he answered, flushing, "of couise people will surmise all sorts of things when a man disappears as you did, and a lot o*f money with bim ; but I knew you too well to believe anything of the kind. I was confident that there had been foul play in the matter." "Thanks. There has been foul play," Louis answered, deeply huit that the company, or any member of it, should, have doubted his integrity. " Well, I never was moro glad to greet any .Hie," said the cashier, heaitily shaking the hand he still» hell " But come, tell mo how it was-give an ac- j count of your adventure, for adventure I am sure you must have had. Ah ' pardon," ho continued, aifh'e caught sight of Margaret, who had remained in! ¿lie background. f^ '^tiss Houghton, Monsieur Pi oque," Louis saSd, piesunting Margatet to him. TJicy saluted each other in mutual recognition, and then the polite Frenchman sprang to get a chair for the young lady, after which he again turned eagerly to Louis for au explanation of his staijjng appearance. j " I must not tell you anything-I cannot rest," Louis said, as he" uncovered his basket and removed the little tin trunk Çrom it, " until this money has hoa\ counted ancLcafely lodged in the bank." ^5 " The money 1 the money !" almost shrieked the excited cashier. "Have you brought the money 'back also ? Where bid you get it ? Ah Î how-" He could not go on. A hundred thoughts flashed with lightning rapidity through his mind at this startling in- telligence ; and, for the first time since Louis' strange disappearance, something like a doubt of diis iittegtity disturbed lum. "Iioiis (Saw it. He was as keenly sensitive as a woman to feel this mistrust, and involuntari'y his lip Surled, ^ "H L^Ml been dishonest euough to run uway with it, it is not likely that I should bring it back mysJJf, even if I had repented of the deed.» But come,. Louis added, with nervous impatience, " pck that door, pull down the shades. The money must be counted. I must know how much is missing. M Hô\ himself strode to the door and locke^ it, while the'excitedjCashier drew the shades before the%windows and the half-glass partitionsVthat sep'arated the inner from the outer offices. "J Louis then put liis precious burden upon) the desV threw back the lid and revealed the trenmore within,i i Monsieur Troque grew white as death as hc looked upon it. "Ah, this is wonderful, wonderful!" ho mur- mured. " Count," Louis demanded, while he lifted the crisp notes out for himself and puBhed the gold coins toward the cashier. For a long time there was not a sound heard in that room save the rattling of paper and the musical chink of gold. Peoplo came into the outer room, tried the door leading into the inner office, and finding it locked, wondered what private business was being trans -acted within. But no attention was paid to them, and they were obliged to wait, or go about other affairs, as they saw fit. "The bills are all here 1" Louis at,last said, as he laid the last package down ; " the villain evidently did not dare to pass them, fearing their numbers had been taken and he would thus bo detected. How does the coin como eut ?" The cashier had not finished his counting and did not answer; he simply pushed a heap of the gold toward Louis, motioning him to assist him in his work, ana another silence of ten or fifteen minutes ensued. .< At last it was finished. ' . t ".How much is missing ?" LOHÍS asked, with dry lips and a husky voice, when Monsieur Froque had footed up tke different amounts. " Less than a thousand francs." "Thank Heaven! That amount can easily be replaced, and the interest of the whale be added to it," responded Louis, fervently. " Yes, yes. But now tell me all about it-I am boiling over with curiosity," urged the cashier. ! "Not yet. We must sond this money to the bank ; it must nover remain in this office another night. After that there will be time enough for my story," Louis replied, while ho hastily returned it to the tin box. " I will take it myself," said Monsieur Froque, after a moment spenb in thought. He put on his overcoat, donmed his hat, and taking up the box loft the room. In the outer office ho stopped to confer a m»ment with the clerk, who had returned soon after Louis had entered, and who wa3 as much astonished to learn of his presence as the cashier had been by his sudden appearance ; while, judging from the glances of suspicion'directed toward the inner office, and the strict watch kept upon its door while M. Froque was away, ho had not the utmost confidence in the man who had been so long a»d strangely absent. At the same time messages went thrilling along the wires, summoning the directors and other members of the company for an immediate Investi- tion of the matter. Louis knew very well, as Boon as the door closed after the cashier, that ho was to be held a prisoner in that room until an examination of his statements had been held. But this did not disturb him ; ho had expected it, and was as anxious as anyone to havo the mystery explained, and his own position and honor re-estab- lished. " How long he is !" Margaret remarked, uneasily, when a half-hour had olapsed and M. Froque did not return. "Yes; it will take some time i to deposit the money, for of course it will have to bo counted again at the bank." A» last thero came the sound of many footsteps in the room without. _Thà door, was thon thrown open, and M. Froque, accompanied iy four other gentlemen, made his nppealance. I LoJs arose to receive them, and was gvoeted with'profuso expressions of delight over the frtdt of his sàff' return and the restoiatiou of the moneyr The cashier -explained that he had immediately telephoned for the gentlemen upon leaving for the bank, thinking that time would thus be saved if a number of the directora could hoar his story at the same time. This would have given Louis no uneasiness, neither would ho have suspected the motives of, M. Froque, if his quick glance had not caught sight of an armed policeman in the other room as the gentle- men entered. He knew that tho cashier had some misgivings still, and had determined to secure his arrest if his story should not prove satisfactory in all points. But he related all that had occurred upon the night of his appearance, and, described the subse- quent events. At first the directors were inclined to doubt his story; bat, as it progressed) all suspicion of its veracity disappeared. Long 'before Louis had finished, they began to realise how unjust they had been to the man who had suffered so much. As Louis finished his narative, one of the directors stepped forward and grasped him cordially by the hand. " If there has been a doubt in any of our minds, it has vanished. Now about the bird that you have captured ; may we detain you heio still longer while we send an officer after him, and learn what he has to say for himself ?" "Certainly; it is my wish that this affair be settled as soon as possible. Bat may I a«¡k as a a personal favor that you will deal leniently with k him ?" The gentlemen regarded Louis with astonishment as he made this request. "I will gladly makeup the amount that has been taken," Louis continued, "also the interest on tho whole for the time that it has been lying idle ; and -if it could be possible to persuade yon not to arraign him for public trial-if wo could settle this privately-" "This is certainly a mo3t singular request," in- terrupted one of his hearers, sternly. The man has been guilty of a twofold crime. One would sup- pose, from what you have suffered at his hands, that you would deem the severest sentence that could be pronouncod upon him insufficient to atone for your injuries." ' " He ÍB one of my own countrymen," urged Louis. "We were school-mates in our youth, and the peculiar circumstances under which he has recently laboured may have made the temptation greater than it would otherwise have been. He has always been accustomed to every luxury, but recently has lost both parents, and with them a large fortune, which all his life he has expected would be his own upon their death. He found himself in a strange country, without even money enough to return to his native land, except what was given him by a friend,; so you perceive lie was sorely tempted." -if^., The directors consulted together for a few moments and grew considerably excited while dis- cussing the matter. They did not appear to be in favor of granting the request, even if it was in their power to do so, which some of thom doubted, "Wo cannot decide that question now, Mr. Dun- bar,^ one at length remarked ; " but," with a smile, " therein? another upon which we all agreed-the large reward offcrad for the recovery of the money | and the apprehension of the thief is yours." I Louis flushed deepest crimson. Ile had said lie would'not touch so much as a sou of the promised reward, and he bad not intended to do so. But, after thinking deeply for a moment, ho looked up with a smile, saying : " Gentlemen, to show you how much in earnest I am rogarding this matter, if you will grant my re- quest and hush this affair as much as possible, allowing iny countryman to go free-he is young, and upon this act may depend his salvation-I will cheerfully resign all claim to the reward." " But he may do the same thing again to somo one else." "No, no !" said Louis. " We will exacta pledge from him that he will heed the lesson and strive to become an honorable man. I do nob believe he will over become a thief again." " You aro more fit to bo an abbe than a business man, Monsieur Dunbar; but wo cannot promiso." And Louis was obliged to let the matter rest for the presen*. The policeman that lie had seen outside was dis- patched with one of the clerks to conduct Arthur to the office, and, after consulting with Margaret a moment, Louis asked permission to send a message to Mr. Houghton requesting his presence also. This being granted, the party fell into social con verso !whilc waiting for the appoaranco of Arthur. {To le continued.) 