THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream." By W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor,'*' "A Sailor's Sweetheart," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] CHATTER XX. -(continued). "Mr. -Stone," suddenly exclaimed the cook, "could ye tell us what this here woyage is undertaken for V' "Undertaken for?" answered Stone, startled by the abruptness of the question, and also at a loss, instantly noticed by the men, who exchanged glances. "Why, why, d'ye mean to say you don't remember what you signed for ?" " Yes," replied the cook ; "I Bigned for the woyage from the port of London to a hisland in the Indian Ocean and back, We was to go out and return, in ballast, and I understood it wur to be a sort of pleasure cruise, a kinder yachtin' job/' " That's it, Micky," exclaimed Gold smith, who of all the men had apparently been rendered the most uncomfortable by Johnny's story. " Well," cried Stone, " and who's said it ain't to be a sorter pleasure cruise, a kinder yachtin' job as you call it, eh ? What d'ye suppose the object is-piracy If thai were it you may reckon we 'dneed more muscle than what's to be got out o' the likea of that suet/' pointing to the fat arms of the cook. "Tell ye what it is, Mr. Stone," said Breeches. " We've Jarnt that there's something soopernat'ral as the sayin' is, in the parson's intentions, and though I don't believe in ghosts myself, I'm not agoin'jto help in any job I can't see day light through. " Ghosts ?" cried old Stone-; " what are you talkin' about \ Who's been a jawin' to you about <jh o.ils ?" '' Calliiv names and insulting of people ain't answering questions," said the cook viciously. "Will you please tell us what this here woyage is undertaken for The men again noticed the disconcerted expression in the old chap's face. He glanced aft, and observing that Mr. For tescuehad left the deck motioned to Hiram, who was watching the crew as though he had now guessed that something more than mere "yarning"' was keeping the fellows together. As the captain walked forward in strides as long as a tragedian's the eye would have been taken by the lovely sea piece of that moment-the airy splendor in the west, the velvet-like blue in the east, the ocean line going round in a soft sweep of indigo till it met the dying glory where it was reflected, the sails of the Echooncr standing brilliant as white plumage against the pure wind ward dusk, the little crowd of men forward where the windlass was, and where the foremast rose yellow, with its black shrouds and snow like cloths, to the golden shining ; and the sand-colored deck aft, tenanted by a soli tary figure at the tiller. " What's the matter ?" said H iram. i " Why," responded Stone, '. here's Bill Breeches as kin' if there ain't something soopernatural in this woyage : talkin' about ghosts and the likes of such stuff; and here's Micky Anson enquirin' what it is he signed for." " I know what I signed for, capt'n," j answered the cook, " and I likewise know j what 1 didn't sign for." i " Look here !" interrupted Hiram ; " what's the matter ? that's what / want to know." " Well, I'll tell yer what's the matter," responded Breeches ; " you an' the parson an' Mr. Stone here had a private conver sation in the cabin at noon." " Well ?" thuudered Hiram. '? We!!,'' continued Breeches, easing down his defiant manner a bit in the teeth of the skipper's resolute, frowning stare, "we onderstand that the parson gave you a varsion of his reason in buyin' this wessel and sailing of her to the Hindie Ocean that was as unbeknown to you and Mr. Stone as it was to us." "Wrell ?" shouted Hiram. "Well," proceeded Breeches, "'what i we are informed is that a ghost appeared to the parson and wrote down a hisland, | and said she was upon it, and she begged | of him to come by hopening her arms out ! | to him, and that's why ho bought the | schooner. I tell yer," said the man, ; waxing defiant again, and seeking eu | coui'sgement in the looks of the men i around him, "that I don't believe in ghosts, I don't know nothen about 'emand don't want to ; but we're agreed that parsons are people as may get hold o' notions which j)lain sailors would rather not help 'em to carry out, d'ye see, capt'n, an' if so be " Hiram and Stone had been staring at each other ; the former at this point yelled out,'' Who told you that we had a private conversation in the cabin V' The cook said " .Johnny." Hiram stretched forth his long arm and collared the youth with fingers like steel hooks. " How did yer know we had a private conversation in the cabin ?" he roared. The lad's knees knocked each other as he replied. "J was a bit tired and I tamed into the spare bunk, an' when you an' the parson an' the mate come down I \- 1 lay still-not choosin'-bein' afeared -hihi i" It was bound to come, and for a long minute Johnny was cutting wild capers to and raising boisterous shouts over a regular downright old-fashioned ropes-ending, all of the olden time. The crew, accepting this as a matter of coursc, waited with impatience for Hiram to recover his breath. The first words he said were-" Breeches, you're an old fool." "What d'ye call me that for ?" cried the man. '1 Out of politeness, you old scaramouch. Why, if I was to give ye all the names you desarve you'd have more titles than the Emperor of < 'haney. To think of a man of your age talkin' about ghosts {? Why, what do you call yourself A rmin /" " What's this here woyage about V de manded the cook. "About," exclaimed Hiram with ex traordinary scorn, " about I Think of a cook, a i ihiI: asking nautical questions and expecting answers ! Look here, my lads, and let Breeches and Micky listen to me ; the Wei'ulam was a Ileast Indieman : she was burnt in the Hindian Ocean ; there was a lady aboard of her as Mr. Fortescue was to many. He dreamt that the wessel was burnt and that the lady who was in one of the boats reached an island that Mr. Stone here was cast away upon. He disbelieved his dream till he heard that the ship had been burnt : and then when he comes to larn that the island he dreamt about M as a real place, and that Stone knew it, he says to himself, 'This here wisionmay have come from heaven. Who knows since what I dreamt was true that the lady I see in my dream upon this island mayn't hactually be there. I love her ; she was to have been my wife; I'll spend what money I've got in a schooner and sail to this here island, and I'll trust to Almighty God, if so be my dream's correct, that we shan't be too late to pre serve her life.' My lads, what's onreason able in this The crimson gloom that was now upon the sea and sky was a good light to study the faces of the men in as they listened to Hiram, for it deepened every line and added another shade to the bronze on the check, though it had its mellowing in ihience too, specially noticeable ia old Stone's face, whose earnestness wa3 softened into pathos by it. "There are husbands among ye, I dare say," continued Hiram, "and some I doubt not has sweethearts : besides, ye're all English : ay; even Micky Aasjn'a English ; and if there's any man here as , considers Mr. Fortescue'a detarmination 1 to see if the end of his dream ain't as I true as the beginning proved to be-if there's any man here 33 can see anything soopernataral and notonderstable in the gent'a seekin' of his love where he be lieves her to be cast away, then I can say is he must be the onnaturalest character and the worst scowbanker as ever Bigned articles for a lovely ship and a beautiful woyage." Ihus speaking he ran his eyes over the men with a challenging stare at each. "Then ye mean to say," observed Breeches, "that what Johnny took an' brought forward's a lie ??" " Yes-a lie as big aa he is ; a lie as big as you and him and the cook is," criecl Stone. " What's your idea of the clergy man's hintellect that you should suppose he's capable of goin' a ghost huntin' I D'ye suppose that an educated man like him, a man that Sunday after Sunday teaches folks with ten times |more brains than you, things that they don't know nothen about-dy'e imagine he's to be set right by the likes o' you V' "There was nothing mentioned about our seekin' the island for the purpose of takin' the parson's young woman off it," exclaimed Duck;" "there was nothing said about it^in the articles." "The woyage was to the Indian Ocean and back, anyway," cried Hiram, " touch ing at an island there. Ye'll allow that." There was a general murmur of assent. "Very well," continued Hiram, speaking with excitement, "and I should like to know if we was to find a countrywoman of ours upon that island, or any ship wrecked sailors belonging to the Verulam or any other wessel, I should like to know," he cried, in his huskiest voice and with a stern roll of his eyes over the men, " if there's e'er a seaman here as would say 'I'm not agoin' to rescue that there woman or them there men because it's a job I didn't sign for V " (To be continued.) 