Tim. C'jm grono sali». I think a great deal of unnecessary fuss is being made about Sir Henry 'Parkes' financial troubles. I think 60 beeftuse, while admitting that he has, as a politician, loomed head and shoulders above most t»f bis con temporaries, I cnnnot believe that bis ábsinCe from the helm of State iff-irs would be such a calamatious affair «s he, in hie egotism, seems to think. Of course, there ate thous ands of small people, wbobave already'taken ) their cue from expressions+e let fall when -, making his miserfcorrfwm-Bppeal in the Assembly ¿lief other <flight;Jwbo vp '<tfec)ipt ' this absurd fiBiiotv, If tW te the «ase, that* ' fte only'can eanMbis i«biimVy leran' niis>K~ that is, defend it from the attack of the Protection party, then I say, it says but little for the Free.trade parly., I,' for one; 'don't ' think anything of the bind ; on the contrary, I believe there ure Tuen' In ibe colony quite' as well able fo fight the battle of Free.trade as Sir Henry Parkes ; men who are quite as competent-and what'ls wore, who are truer free-traders than he. Sir Henry's freeilrnde seems to me to have been merchant's free trade, not the people's free-trade-at any rate, his Goserninenl of to-day cannot by any method of reasoning, be called positively n Free-trade Government. I am not going to crow over Sir Helm's fallen fortunes-much as I dislike bim, both as a politician and a man. Why do I dislike him ? Well, I have never made a secret of my dislike to Sir Henry, ot lute years, and [ see no reason why I should join with the mob, whtn are How affecting great Borrow, in condoning his faults. In roy time I have stood hy Sir Henty Parkes, «hen he was thought but very little nf-hut in those days, his egotism had not lcd bim to betray both his principles and his fiiends ; he then fought honestly for the people-against monopolies of ail kind. My dislike, 1 say, dates from the time of his high handed proceedings against Mr. Proctor and from that point, he has gone down in the estimation of every truly liberal man. Since then he has aesidttotlsiy courted the smiles of the wealthy and poweiful-the enemies of tho people. Since then he has thrown all bis weight on the 6ide of Protestant sectar ianism-on the j-ide of monopoly-in fact, he is no more the Harry Parker of 1S8C when lie passed his first Education Act, than I nm an angel. " Evil communications corrupt good morals," mid Sir Henry's association with Sir Janies Mnrtin simply spoiled a politi cian. As a man Sir James was Sir Henry's superior, but as a politician he Was simply a tyrannical des| ot-just what Sir Henty is lu-day. In opposition he has been the most contumacious leader Parliament has; iver sreu ; at the head of n Government he has been insolently offensive. He has Ire .ted cveryone-as so much dirt beneath his feet, and no Imperious Coosar returned to life, j could have shewn tnore airs that the em whi'e rnd'cil nod char, st-Jet him deny the j latter if he can. Whatever was good in his [ Induration Act he has nullified ; and as fi r his other Measures, what aro they 7 O, the Municipalities Act -ant! a pretty muddle that is. Tba* he has been a powerful Milii-ter 1 am willing tn adu:it. Politics have been his profession, and so fnr, be has been tolerably successful ; for he bas lit Id office some len or twelve yeats as C iloninl Secretary - which me.ins a remuneration of over £20,000-and this to aman who bas no ex i ens'ive Imbi 8, don't associate with Darling Point, Wooihara, end the " upper ten," don't go in for sport and so on, should be a vtry comfortable little thing-in fuot, he ought to have saved mon. )- upon it. Sir j Henry has olten preached this doctrine to i civil servants-and if thty could save nvney ! upon their screw* of from £300 to a £1000, ; sundy be could have done 6o upon i.'20(i0. ' Nobody ever beard of iib lltniy spendinü ' n.uch. and as for keeping np the position of i I is i fl!ce, f don't thir.k ant body ever es i prcted AI vtl.ing ol the kind from him. '. Any wav. £'¿000 wa» enough fur bini, or any o'htr d-. eiMit man. to live upon. lint not , ui 'y <nd he not live upuu it, but since his ; ¡".it.i.if insx!rer.ry, he bas managed to get . i¡.to debt to the tune of £52.Q0G, and beside ti l-tj scrape u getber £135,000 w,rtb ol i j i'.'jjcrty. Yet be is now a poor man I Henry Pirke*, M mn ordiawry _ member af Parliament, or-wy/is is tf&W;ÍyMnHaifct and tny maker, hw acqtlifet} *05,OpÖ , I worin df-liwiiwyî \L?-^wkt'li-^b fact, f most people wil nay »to. Fancy « matt of no capecitvfnr busimju.'Roimï tnt» syndicates the way he Ins done! Wbaóélse could he 'u expected t Ötheij) haye fattened though he hus cernftined poor, tjius{bowing; clearly, that outside' of politics 8lr Öenry wa« a ùe'erido-weli. Itel tond, people ïell nt of » h it he mijht bave done wltb Mi Wents in business. He would -líate tone nothing í politics wat bis forte, and though be might always have brena very respectable turner ! of wood-and a clever agitator, outside of Parliament he Would never have made either his mark or money. Tire yarli often .gains, credence; I baVe heard Dibbs and other* say .. the saine of eifril »etrants- bsd they beert chgaged in commerce they'd- have dune wonders ; they wtfdld hate ddne nothing of «bb It(hd-f-tt»rr1)fee; SirJIenry harket, thev .fe not built that way. Not for one moment dol wish to infer lb*t Sir Henry Parkes has robbed tiie Country-though it it quite clear that other people bate Used him to some ptirpoBe, Yet when the *' oldman eloquent" . is pdshed by his friends, the Danke, the mean skunks, were not men enough to put their hands in their pockets so as to spare him that paifaful scene iri the Assembly. Why, even at Orange the other day, "ginger" Clarke said he lent hit chief ¿SOO, but took care to hàtie it secured-thus showing that he had hut little faith in his haler's capacity ot ability to poy. Sir Henry P.irkes has been powerful because of the combination of certain forces-money and hate'; both have worked for bim, but the former having gained its ends, throws the old m in over, while the other, sectarianism, temains true-for a time, anyhow. Take sectarianism away from Sir Itenry Parkes' support, and he is but a we ik man. Capital had an enemy in. Dibbs, Pro'estant bigotry Iud an enemy in Jennings ; and some one had to be set up against both. Capital is appeased ; Dibbs is no lon ser f cai ed, and Jennings is, after all, only a dillelanle politician. Thus it is, the change has come ; and he that- was but a short time ago backed up hy influential men, is allowed, like another Wolsey, to stand bumilia ed before bis enemies. What care thej ? not a stiver 1 Out is not this Coming home to Sir Henry for his paßt in gratitude? and no man has bsen more un grateful than he-not only to personal friends, but to the peuple; Spare html Why ' spare him ? Did ihe / spare ¡ editor Webb-a small man, comparatively speak ing, whom he prc ceeded against in all vin* dictiveness? If he did not crush Webb completely, why -was itt- Perhaps he couldn't help himself; there be wheels within wheelB, and \\\e1iai io do it. Webb did not stand alone, and it did not suit his friends (also Perkes'} that be should be mushed completely, hence 'the stoppage of the ease. . Attorney-General Wise, in his 'youthful «eal for hi« chief, called the Richmond Examiner a blackguard paper, Sir ,*ra,s ha*ty-^he ]w)»s .more, h** was îl^âfc&t;î;»? P^per In question is what is called " a respectable paper," and like most *'respectable''papers, Was only'too glad to publish a bit ot sensational Scandal-and then, having done the mischief, was posi tively infleccnt in jtsi 'slavishness to .unsay what it had said. The newspaper press of.» the colony have a perfect right to comment' upen the; Premier's affairs-just as Mr. McElhone, or any other member, has a right to talk about them.-in fact, as Sir Henry said, Mr, Fraser Marlin had a right to talk about a judge, or, he himself, had a right to get on to po ir old Augustus Loftus. It all comes tumbling home to Sir Henry, and no doubt as many ghosts-Butler's and others-will haunt him now tu ever haunted Macbeth of old. With regard to a big sub scription to put him on bis legs, b\ nil means let the world see how his friends will shape. Yours truly bas no objection, though many a deserving man has gone hungry to bed, to whom this self-some Premier might hare extended help. Anyway, it is hoped lhere will be no imitai ion of the Robertson fakement. Ten thousand pounds tu old Jack was ten thousand too many; but Parkes, being the bigger mas, will require double that amount. Let us hope pur legislators are made of sterner stuff, than allow themselves to ' be carried away an the impulse of the moment to give the people's money away upon a man, who cannot be in actual want, and who opposed their getting a (air payment for services rendered the people. As for his position in the House, he has, certainly, done right in resigning his seat. It ii mere hair-splitting to say that the assignment of bis estate is not insolvency. VVhat else is it ? If a man surrenders his estate to his credit* ors, he does so becaute be cannot pny his debts-and il bas been shown that Sir Henry Parkes' estate will not realize as much as hi« liabilities. Therefore, I contend, be should not have tetained his seat an hour-even though his following were not able to keep Free-trade afloat-and Messrs. Dibbs, Garvan, Lyne, See and Cn. step into power on the Protection ticket. Ai well have Protection as to be bossed by one man who has long ago severed bis connection with everything liberal-except in name. AsMoDEUS. 