PUBLIC MEETISO AT THE TOWN ^BaLL A public meeting convened by the Aus tralian Natives? ASixMrtkm washed at the Town Hall yesterday evening, (of SiC pur pose of considering the finannal condition and the political situation of the colony. Sir. Maley presided and there were about 400 persons present. The Chairman, after pointing out the objectsof the meeting, referred to the gkost the Governor had put before the country in bis speech, and said that there was no reason why His jixcelleucy should have placed matters thus before them. Mr. Neelands thought that at this stage, how«ver able the members *i the Legisla tive Council were, they should be supported in the action they had taken by the people. After referring to some reasons why Respon sible Government should be introduced, the speaker moved ' that this meetingapproves of the action of the Responsible Govern ment party in the Legislative Council in reference to the present political and finan cial condition of the eoantrv.' . Dr. Scott seconded the motion. He said that the Responsible Government party in the House had tried to bring the matter they had in band to a point. He did not think the financial popitajri was as bad as was made Out, and he thought they wore justified in thinking that the Governor had conjured up a ghost and had put forward a position he could not Have seen the effect of. There was no policy in tlie speech, and they were merely told, in the words of Micawber, that if something did not turn op, we should next year have to take steps to reduce our expenditure . The resolution was then put and agreed to. ? Dr. Jameson moved 'that ifaiB meeting tenders its thanks to the members of th£ Legislative Council who have strongly ad vocated Responsible Government, and re quests that this resolution be conveyed to the leader of the opposition in the Legisla ture.' He pointed out that really there was no falling off in the revenue except as regards the land, which any Government should have foreseen. The land fund would in future be less ; for there was no induce ment to capitalists to take up land under the present conditions—* maximum of 5,000 acres at a price of 20s. per acre, as well as a number of conditions being im posed. The railway syndicates now bad 40,000 square miles reserved for them and when the railways were complete they would open out the land for sale a$ such a price that people would buy it in preference to Government land. Mr. Hoboan said that when a man was governing a country, there wereeoaue dis patches he gave to the country, and others that were private and confidential. They had seen the Governor's public dispatch on Responsible Government, but they had not seen the private dispatches. It was a re markable tiling that as soon as the question was mooted at home the newspapers howled at it. Our Governor knew something about press work and possibly they might attri »ute eoine of those articles to Mm. In this colony he would ask them whether they were to be influenced by the West Australian, a newspaper which had been a. consistent opponent of Responsible Govern ineet, and was the Governor's alter ego and champion. ' At present the British empire was ruled by tories — called in other words the stupid parly. They bad a party here that- closely resembled that party — the party who hovered round Government House. Their day, however, was at an end. Mr. Tba.ti.en referred to Sir Malcolm Fraser's speech the other evening in the Legislative Council, in which the hon. gentleman said that we were poor and insiguificant. Of course they did not re quire to be tcld that, for they knew it. No doubt some of them were poor, but as against that they had a very good retort, that some of them were sober (loud cheers). The speaker then stated that in his opinion a set of resolutions should be passed by the Legislative Council with a view of antici pating the bill to be brought in by the Government. He also deprecated any special legislation as regards the natives. The motion was then carried. The Chatbkan then presented the reso lutions to Mr. Parker. Mr. Pabkeb thanked the meeting for the expressions of opinion which had been recorded. If they bad ihe people backing them up they could carry anything. He did not know that the party in the House bad done very much, but they bad in timated what they wanted, and that in a pretty clear way. It was not their inten tion to hold out any threat, bnt they desir ed an answer to the resolutions passed last session. They simply, in the telegram they had asked the Governor to send, in timated to the Secretary of State that they knew the power they had, and if they ex ercised the few powers they had properly they would soonsee Responsible Government among them. . The cause was such a good .one that he thought it wrong to cast reflec tions on anyone. As far as he could judge tide Governor had done all he could for Responsible Government^ and lie thought that in the session which would take place in June or July they would pass the consti tution BilL It had been pointed out in the House that if they passed the estimates for the year, the Council would not be called together for a year and so they were prepared to pass only such estimates as would compel the Government to call them together again iu June or July. .-- Mr. Hensiian eaid that apparently the cau&e; of Responsible Government bad re ceived a check, but really it was not so, for in a matter of this kind there could be no going back. They bad been told that the Legislative Council was merely a Muni cipal Council or a vestry meeting, and they were likened to certain noxious insects which were eaid to give annoyance to Ihe nobler animals and they were told that the British lion would crunch them, if they irritated him. There was very little in such a statement and no one would have taken any notice of it, had it not been made by die leader of the Government. But why should the British lion, or to drop the eimile — the English people, crash us ? Was it simply because we were asking for what all the other colonies enjoyed? He thought that the English people would be surprised if we did not ask for it. A certain newspaper had put into bis mouth words to the effect he had stated that this colony was on the brink of ruin. He said nothing of the kind. He admitted that he said the Government was ™«-miMg and migmmnMring the afiairs of the colony. A vote of thankrs to the chairman con cluded the business. 