A .lEidnfclit ? Shall Remember. Jack TempleLon had been my closest friend in boyhood, was my chcrished companion in the days oE our early manhood at college, and mydefightful coirespondcnt during the ten years that had gone since the closo of the iiappy period of student life. This correepondoncc had not boon the only communication between UP, for we agreed, on the final leave-taking of otu- old collcgc quarters, that visits on each other should be kept up, Jack setting aside at least two weeks in one year to be spent withinc wherortr I shoald be settled, and the year following I was to visit him for a short ^a.-ison. This arrangement had been obeorved by both with punctuality and rogsilarity. and we became well acquaints! with each otlior's mode of living, occupation and surroundings. Jack was a physician in Greenwich. Anyone knowing hiin during the charactcr-formiug period of his life would have marked him for a future physician. ITc possessed those traits of character, those oddities of native disposition which mean strong, individuality. He was dryly humorous in ins- ordinary conversation, candcd iu liis intercourse with.his acquaint* auces, cheerful enocgh ozro'ccaision, ingenious in bis estimate of people, no thy any means brilliant, but studiousvind determined, especially so when wnc^m^ih fcbQ jnrestagQtiou of subjects belohg^^'^csobdcure.and having a dash of the mysterious. To him the Greek grammar and Latm constrnction were dull plodding, butinat^ematics, and especially tbe study of'mental-science and of those questions the solutiou . of which involves an exploit into the depths .of psychology,' were to him a genuine pleasure; Exploring the mysteries of the humanjmihd'was'tbat which' made up tbe iexture^of iis thoughts by day . aud was apt tb weaVc the fabric of his dreams' by night.. . A-'ttick of-mngic, no matter how obscure,^id hot intcrcst\him because there was'ho pretencc ; that its-operation d'epoaded on anything but some clever mechanical contrivance or sleight of hand. Such things wei-c lacking in that essential, the supsmatural, which soiabsorbedhis ever}' thought,.. „ But an exhibition of mesmerism fiJlod-hira wiHi tKrtndn*;.iari»:w»oognlzca IJl it the manifestations of the unseen workings of the human mind, and much of his time was spent in the study of its strange pheno mcua. It was bis claim that could mesmerism bccorae other than the ungovernable thing it now is and be broughtuuder thesuljjection of the human will, it would prove not only a mighty aid in medicine and surgery, but would vcry.likely afford an cxplantion of thosestrangc mental conditions which so puzzle the world to-day. Having a mind thus fashioned it was the most natural thing for .Tack to take .to medicine as profession— medicine.in its broad, sense, the .enthusiastic' study of which will gratify the thinking man iu his search for light upon the.intimate and the intricate relation of the human body to the human stiuL The newspaper field had been chosen by me as the one in which I would exploit whatever of learning and energy and determination I possessed, and at this time I was engaged on a morning daily in a vigorous provincial towu. It was Jack's yearto yisitme, aud the time being athand'whenlie might be looked ior 1 had completed the few preparations about uiy bachelor, belongings which, his comiug would make neccssary,-so. Iwas not surprised when just at twilight .one evening in July he cairie in upon mc, sitting alone, in.meditative mind, in my secondrstory flat apartments. Kot surprised, I say. At'Jhe time, truly I was not- I remember the date of his coming, tt was Friday night, the 12th of July, 1S77, a fact whicb- in the light of what followed I had.good'reason to remember..: Our greetings were as cordial as usual, our handshaking-as vigorous, and.our mutuul inquiries-about tlic. things tliat had coineintoour lives sinoe' the^ last meeting were.as rapidly and enthusiasticallvspoken as ever. -rJIy own- experiences for the twelvemonth, commonplace and comparatively. uneventful, were soon told, but what they lacked in novelty and volume was :made up % the perfect avalanche of incident. and adventure Jack had-to relate of himself,. He told'me that night thc.details of experiment after experiment ho had made with-the human physical organism; how he had tested' and analyzed, and theorized:in his endeavor, to sift: down, satisfactorily to himself, tho. grand mystery of what portion of a man's bodv was most closely related to hisisoul ; what one of the various systems .in. the human-framework gave- shape,.and motion, and energy to the sublime thing, amndi. This was his hobbv« He did uot spare nic. He never did spare mewhen.thus ocoupied. He. had become accustomed to having mc indulge liim when oil Jus favorite theme. In this connection he had: many new]mteresting stories to tell about mesmerism .aud what;]^ called his measureless possibilities, iie xelatcd how he, wkilcan- ihemesmeric sleep, at the will o£a person-who possessed the power of putting one under its influence, had been scut, at the instance of n: third person» a stranger, to a iar distant city where he had never-been beforcinot,atleast,in.thc«rdinanly understood sense of : being, and. had' described: ^ceues aud objects^ -about the streets of that: city accurately enough?to;be cosily recognized by the tbird peison, whose home it was. Several tests of-this-kmd had been-made, each tunc with thc-most astonishlng results.. .Jack T s-enthusia&m; tho narration was only, equalled by- the .rcadmesswith wtuch he-ioamt'ito - lus eoachisum.-.that : the mind of the meBDicHKed sub'Get had, nn^ Jmmpewd by. uintter, tinic ov spacc, been transported at tho will of a designated peaeon to a pi nee chosen by that pereon, nnd being present in that placy had, of coarse, ac» tnally seen subjects there, and.easify enonph, could tell of them : in other minds the objects had made, their impressions on that mind, and, that mind, returning to its accustomed habitation, tho subject's body, conld readily give account of those impressions. " And," he added, with a peculiar imprcsalvencf-s in ht* voice, " I believe that if tbe conditions are favorable the subject under the influence of this subtle something can be transported in spirit io a distant place, can see nnd talk with a second person, and this visit with all its incidents will be to that second person iu everything important an absolute reality—so real that he will never feel those unpleasant sensations that accompany what are called ghostly visitations." Jack's conclusions and tbe earnestness of his manner were largely interesting to me, and although I instinctively inclined to the natural view of things—a view emphasized by a calling dealing chiefly with the real affairs of this life—had but little belief in anything that could^iot be explained by causes we call natural and are easily understood, and would discredit the testimony of any person, no matter how near to me, if that testimony conflicted with what seemed to me reosonable,stillJack , 8 seriousness and honesty strangely impressed me that night, and 1 confessed to him that what could not bo proved need not necessarily be doubted ; that there were likely stranger thing6 on earth alone than were known of; aud then with a wish to dismiss the whole subject for one more cheering I asked about some acquaintances 1 had in Greenwich, his home, to which' inquiries he responded and in turn asked for my father's family, who still live on the old homestead, a few miles nway from the city of my residence. I replied by arannging with Jack right there for a visit together to our early home, and straightway penned a note to my sister telling of his coming, of ourconplated visit home, and that arrangements might be made for our stay for a brief season. I sealed this letter, with Jack's assent to the arrangement it convoyed, stamped it and put it fti the postal box just out6idc mydoor. The night was wearing on and bed was suggested, so with many pleasant anticipations of what the succeeding days had in store for us, Jack said good- night and went to his bedroom, 'previous visits baring made him acquainted with my apartments. The night passed uneventfully, not even a stray reminiscence of the evening's talk interfering with the senses* even repose. I awoke at 7 o'clock, dressed, thought of tbe planned visit home and the many agreeable things it promised. I did not hasten to arouse Jack, considerately thinking that the fatigues of his loog jonrney and the late hoar of retiring would prepare him for a prolonged rest. -More than an boar passed aud 1 began to feel the uced of eating, and was promising myself the full enjoyment of a breakfast with Jack for my company; so I went to bis bed. room to call him. My astonishment was pictty evident when opening the door Jack was not in the room, and what was stranger still, nothing it contained indicated that be had been there. The bed had not been disarranged in the least. Not a chair or other article of furniture apparently had been moved from its accustomed position. Altogether there was not a shadow of evidence that any person living had beon in that Toom the preceding night There were no windows in the room, nnd no door savc-the one opening into the one where I slept. A person then could not get out of that bedroom and out of the house except by cbming through that door ^and leaving by-ibe balldoor. I retnembeVed that when lawokethis outside door was loeked and bolted as usual on the inside; this was Tecalled by the difficulty in sliding back the bolt that morning. This showed that even had Jack been disposed to leave me in that shabby manner'in the middle of the night, he could nofbave done so,-"not to mention that sach a proceeding would be as unlocked for in the.man-as. if would be unworthy of him. 'The .truth., remained; nevertheless, Jack was gone." But" how he had taken his departure, was a i3eepmystery to mc. Straugc as "it" was, thoiigh," no suggestion of the supernatural then entered into my calculations, and I contented finyself with thinking that a reasonable explanation would offer itself in time. I said nothing to anyone of the occurrence, not carms.to brave the doubt and ridicule tbe 'Idling of It-would .lll.Mjr nmvnl-rv T ^s extremely anxious to come to at, least some plausible solution of tbe affair, yet the longer I sought one tbe-more perplexed 1 became, till I had to conclude that the whole proceeding was a very vividdroam. A dream it might be ; but such a conclusion was exceedingly disappointing and unsatisfactory, for in* dreams persons don't grasp each other's hands, and smoke together, and drink together, and talk for hours at a time connectedly on'a subject, especially snch a one -as occupied our attention that.-.night-. -Then '.another' circumstance came fto- me me with almost-startling suddenness.' -Tifc litter! Did I write that letter to my-sister, or was that, too, only. a.part of. the dream.7 If she got my letter that, would he 'proof clear.enough that that night's, .proceedings were not a.dream, let them otherwise -be accounted for as they might. 1 f the letter was : written while sleeping, that would be -a somnambulistic, feat too formidable for belief, and"hestdes-I had jicver^been known to be a sleep-walkers' I could casily find out about !the.-ictter..M3^myv I wrote to iny sister •asking ^implVrif 'she had got my letter, in prompt answer to. which 6he said she had, -.audiug that tbey were all propared 'for and ^anxiously awaiting our coming. Clearly, the letter was not a dream.. Then what on earth or above the earth-or. under the earth .would explain that nightly visit, .that unceremonious and. mysterious disappearance ot Jack Templeton 1 It began to trouble inc.. A weak had'passed since that night, when alettcr bearing the'well.known postmark of Grcenwick was dropped.through -my door.. It was from Jack. This:is wh&t; it !said: •; V ' . : I'.ara very sorry myprofessional duties and !the amount of study I have laid out for this summer will-tie .me down at home, and .1 sball not beablc.to make.you my usual visit :thisycar. • * . *- • • .shadow come to haunt me instead of hisliving" body to.visit.me?.- That wouldnotbelikely, for his letter was dated- five days later than !that night, and ghosts. having a way of making tb€ir presence known.atthepreeise time thcirdisembodiment takes place, are alwAys punctual. The letter did not so far.lighten •up tbe matter.' It proceeded: Yon kno w.my hobby, mesmerism, and. you know howlnde at; -Well, one mghtxecentlv. I monntedmy.hobbyandtook aJongTidc.I was a way-out myour country, myour-town; ln-youTr Tciy roomi and 1 sat with you. and talkedFwith you and.drank with you, and all .butslcptwithyoin. Uoheexact, the night was iFndayv.tbe twelfth, dav. of. this month, July.-^•. Now, ftUitlns was so-real to uiothat l want you to write mc whether on that night you remember of being conscious of any un- .usual occurrencc... Did I seem-to you that ! was in your/company that --night ? want all.the facts, that I^ may see how they will .fit a littlctheory Ihavc lately been constructing. There it was, nud thc-subject.talked . upon by, Jack, or Jack cthercahzed, and. me, came hack, with Jus startling assertion about apersou.in ,a jnesmene trancc being able to communicate .with an libaeut person, and that person to be conscious of bpmg commurneatcd with. So Jack in. all things essential had: been present with,mc thai Jught. ICor js. •hot the mmdthe conscious part, the soul; ihc icssential'tbing? The uavrative d^s only with ttK- of a Tory oxt-raordinnry persnnal cxpctieiit-'o. J1" the explanation given ol hie vis.ii. by my guest of tbatiiighf. based upon (lie nai'/'OK'h'wnrftTstood operations of mesmerism, is not kuIHcient, let him who, with a clear view, has traversed further into the arcana of the myp.- tieal, advanco the theory of J:ick Toinplet«a'6 strange visit. 