The Play. j At half-past 12 o'clock, - Shrewsbury and Docker, not out men from the previous day, took up their position at the wickets, the former having 16 against his name and the latter 7, the total score so far being 6 out for 88. Perkins started bowling from the Rail way end to Docker, who stonewalled the over. Con ingham trundled as usual from the Valley end, and Shrewsbury nicely placed him to short-leg and obtained 1, Docker playing the rest of the over. Perkins sent down a maiden to Shrewsbury. Docker drove Coningham to on-field for a single, M'Guigan failing to field the ball properly. 90 up. Amidst great excitement, Shrewsbury, in brilliant fashion, hit Coningham clean over the white fence in the vicinity of the cattle shed for 5, the stroke eliciting much I cheering from all parts of the ground. The bowling now of Coningham and Perkins was first-class* and six maidens were bowled in. succession, the only run being a leg-bye. At last Docker broke the dull monotony by driving Perkins in the on-field for a single, Shrewsbury obtaining one in the opposite direction. Shrewsbury cut Coningham for a brace, Charleson letting the leather get past him. 100 up amidst considerable applause. This must have put fresh vigor into Shrewsbury, for he at once drove Coningham splendidly for a quartette to the off boundary. Four maidens followed, during which time Cockcroft was cheered for smartly fielding a very hard off-drive from Docker. Docker snicked Perkins in slips, the ball going to the boundary, 4 resulting. Again Cockcroft was cheered for smart fielding at short-leg, during a maiden over of Con ingham to Shrewsbury. Docker drove Perkins in the off direction for a unit, M'Gruigan saving what would have been 4. Coningham bowled a maiden to Docker, and was applauded for the smart manner he stopped a hard drive on one occasion. Shrewsbury cut Perkins late for a brace. 110 up. Shrewsbury stole a leg-bye in Coninghatn's next over, which was a maiden. Perkins a maiden to Docker, thdn a bye, and Docker drove Coningham in fine style to the off for 4. The next two overs were maidens. Shrews bury hit Perkins towards the Grand Stand fence for 1\. As the batsmen could not be shifted, a change was deemed advisable, and Coningham was given a well- earned spell by Bliss going on in his place. Shrewsbury scored a single off the first ball, being a hit to mid-on stolen, Docker playing the remaining three balls. Shrewsbury drove Perkins along the carpet to the off for a single, and up went 120 on the board. Four maidens were then bowled. It being now half-past 1 o'clock, an adjournment was made for lunch. At 2.35 play was again resumed. Shrewsbury placed the first ball from Bliss to square-leg for a single, Docker getting a single the third ball from a stroke to the on. Facing Perkins, Docker hit him to cover-point for a brace and placed him to mid-off for one, but was soon after well held by Charleson at cover-point off the bowling of Bliss. Docker showed very good cricket for his contribution of 22, and was cheered on his retirement. 7-22-125. W. New ham Joined Shrewsbury, but the first ball he received from Bliss was sent into the willing grasp of Hutton at mid-off, and he had to at once beat a hasty retreat. 8-0-125. Pougher next, only to see*Shrewsbury given out l.b.w. to Perkins, after a masterly exhibi ion of batting. The Notts ehampion received a cordial reception on his way to the pavilion. The scoring board now denoted 9-35-125. Pilling whipped in the team, and the score was increased by 4 byes. Pougher drove Bliss high in air to straight hit. Cox running some distance to try and catch it, but the ball dropped out of hiB hands, 2 resulting. The chance may be put down as being a little difficult. Pougher, who appeared rather reckless in his batting, sent another one from Bliss up in the on field, and got a single. 130 up. 4 went for byes in the next over of Perkins, which was a maiden. Pilling drove Bliss to the on, and added one to his score, shortly after cutting Perkins for a like figure. The end had now come, for Pilling, who was forcing the running, put Bliss in the slips, and was at once snatched up by Perkins, amid great applause, and cries of, "Well bowled, Bliss!" The telegraph board showed the figures, 10-2-138. Pougher carried his bat out for 3. All the Englishmen out at 2.55. Now a few werds as regards the batting of the team, and the bowling and fielding of the local men. Shrewsbury, Briggs and Docker showed best form with the bat, but the rest of the team did not show up to great advantage, if I except C. A. Smith and Lohmann. Preston bats vigorously. Certainly more was expected from Ulyett, but even a really good batsman cannot always come off. Brann, Newham, Pougher, and Pilling did little or nothing. The eighteen, with one or two exceptions, fielded remarkably well, Bradley shaping to considerably advantage behind the wickets. Coningham, Perkins and Bliss bowled splendidly, and> as after events proved, it was a pity Bliss was not tried earlier." Coningham took 4 wickets for 63 runs, and was credited with 18 maidens. Considering he bowled nearly through the innings, the performance is not by any means bad. Perkins obtained 3 wickets for 39 runs, and bowled 15 maidens, also a very good performance.^ The peculiar bowling of Bliss, how ever, seemed to puzzle those Englishmen, and he deserves all praise for in so short a space of time to bag 3 wickets to his credit, at a cost of only 7 runs. Before the Eighteen started their second innings At half-past 3 o'clock, a considerable lot of time was wasted in rolling the wicket and laying down matting thereon. These delays ought to be avoided if possible, especially when there are several thousands of people waiting. As the Englishmen took the field at the time before stated, they were applauded. E. Hutton and Charleson followed soon after on behalf of Queensland. Ulyett opened the attack from the railway end to Hutton, and a leg-bye was scored off the first ball, Charleson safely negotiating the remaining 3 balls of the over. C. A. Smith bowled from the Yalley end, and the second ball proved too much for Hutton, and lie had to retrace his steps. 1-0-1. "W. Bradley followed and took the remainder of Smith's over. .Charleson's free and graceful style was much admired, as he played with the greatest of ease an over from Ulyett. Smith sent down Bradley a maiden. Charleson smacked the burly Yorkshire man to leg for a quartette, amid ringing cheers all round the ground. Bradley placed Smith to mid-on, ^ind, imitating Shrewsbury, cleverly stole a run, whereupon Charleson again opened his shoulders iind sweetly drove Smith all along the ground to the off boundary for 4. Cries of "Well hit, Charleson/' and tremendous applause. 10 on the register. Bradley placed Ulyett to leg for a couple, and Charleson, batting splendidly, took an over from Smith without scoring. Bradley gave Newham a chance in slips off Ulyett, which was accepted, and the Queensland wicket keeper made way for Coningham, the tele graph board showing 2-3-12. Charleson welcomed ^Coningham by putting Smith to leg for a single. Charleson, in the most neat fashion, placed Ulyett to square leg for a brace, the stroke being applauded. J)oleful to relate, Smith spreadeagled Coningham's wicket with the first ball of the sixth over and the spirits of the Queensland supporters drooped con siderably. 3-0-15 looked blue as Perkins went to aid Charleson, who, by-the-way, had been showing -excellent play from the start. Four maidens followed in succession when Perkins let out at Smith and :sent the leather spinning to the on boundary for 4, the stroke eliciting great applause. Ulyett, a maiden to Charleson, who batted with extreme caution. Perkins, more at home, cut Smith nicely for a single. 20 up. Ulyett, a maiden to Perkins, who was now batting in something like his old form. This was followed by Smith doing his level best to disarrange Charleson's wicket, but the crack batsman .of Queensland defied him. Thanks to Perkins, who put Ulyett in the slips, augmenting the score by 1. The English skipper bowled an over to Perkins without effect. The scoring became a little more rapid. Charleson placed Ulyett to square leg for 1. Perkins got a couple in the slips, through Newham allowing the ball to go past him, and still further increased his score with a single for an off drive. The partnership, which looked like lasting, was .abruptly broken by Smith disarranging Perkins's timbers, and 4-9-25. appeared to view. Perkins deserved great praise for his batting and he was accorded that on retiring. W. T. Fisher joined Charleson, who received another maiden from Ulyett. Smith sent in a " snorting " over to Fisher. Ulyett pegged away at Charleson without effect. Fisher varied the monotony by getting Smith away to cover for a single, receiving thereafter a maiden from Ulyett. Smith trundled an over to Charleson, whose plucky play was greatly admired, in bis efforts to get the ball away. Briggs here received a round of applause for excellent fielding at cover point. Fisher's time had ncv come, he being cleverly stumped by Pilling, off Ulyett. 5-1-26. Robin followed and a leg-bye was run in Smith's next over, which was a maiden. Charleson, still batting in the most approved fashion, defied Ulyett to dislodge him. Smith a maiden to Robin. Three maidens followed, during which Charleson made some splendid carpet drives which were well fielded by the English men. Robin opened the account by driving Smith to the on for a single, Charleson getting one to leg off 'the Bame bowler. Opposing Smith, Robia got one which he failed to negotiate, and 6-1-29 was the state of affairs as Silvester went to the assistance of Charleson. Lohmann took the ball from Ulyett. Charleson welcomed the new bowler by neatly placing him to the on for a unit. 30 up. Silvester was then clean bowled by Lohmann without scoring'. 7-0-30. Cockcroft followed and saw Charleson take an over from Smith, without adding to the score. The Surrey bowler trundled an over to Cockcroft who was showing good batting. Smith another over to Charleson with out anything serious happening. A thunderstorm being just about to tfike place, it was deemed advisable to stop play, and accordingly the Englishmen left the field and the batsmen the wickets at 10 minutes to 5 o'clock. The spectators, who must have been dis appointed at the state of the weather, made a general stampede to obtain shelter from the rain in the various sheds adjoining the cricket ground. Play was not again resumed, the ground being too wet. The feature of the afternoon was the really splendid display of batting given by Charleson, whose strokes were all beautifully timed and placed, and he never gave the Englishmen a ghost of a chance to get his wicket. On retiring for the day lie was deservedly cheered. 