LICENSED SEALIEN'S RUNNERS. It is not often that the Marine Board do such a foolish thing as create middlemen to become a source of constant complaint. Happily it is not often that an institution is brought into existence to prove a public nuisance in the way that that of the Licensed Seamen's Runner has beeu. Probably the Marine Board will seek as they have before sought in this matter to evade the responsibility, but it is still theirs. The open recognition of it would be the first step to the application of a remedy. The Board may tell us that the appointment was not made at their suggestion, but that they were forced into it. Certainly a representation from the shipping agents and shipmasters was made to the Board asking that an officer might be given to go between masters and men ; but the office was of a very different order to that established. Whether a middle man was really necessary or not, we do not at this point express an opinion. Yet it cannot be contended for a moment but the suggestion of the agents and captains was infinitely more sensible than the measure of the Board. It may have been that the former would not have given unbouuded satisfaction, but it could not have caused the disgust that the latter has. On the contrary, it would in all probability have worked fairly well. What the Board were asked to do was to appoint a member of the Civil Service as a Seamen's Runner; what the Board did was to license outsiders. The shipmasters wanted an impartial and responsible arbitrator, and the Board gave them — well something very different. We are not making any reflection on anyone who has or does hold a license ; because however good his intentions and respectable his social position, the fact of increased payment according to ultiplicity of operations must give the credit of having a bias, whether conscious or nconscious; while the other fact that it would e extremely difficult for anyone to exercise nything like supervision will have its weight ith, ordinary human nature. The frequent omplaints attest the soundness of the view that he Board's measure was necessarily worse than orthless. In animadverting 60 strongly on the Board it ust be distinctly understood that we do not suggest that while they practically returned t° ihe petition for bread a stone, they did so out of any perversity. They were unduly, impressed with the idea of economy. Certainly they did not recognise any great neccessity for altering the previous order of things, and holding that conviction they ought to have been firmly conservative. Good-naturedly yielding to the demand for a change, they endeavored to make it without cost to the State. In this is to be found the secret of the mischief. False economy is responsible for much misgovernment, and consequent crime. Fearing that the appointment of a Government messenger would involve the department in an expenditure which would not .be recouped by fees, they adopted the expedient of licensing outsiders. In doing so they played Hamlet without the ghost. They might with as much propriety have licensed an outsider to act as Superintendent of Mercantile Marine as Seamen's Runner. What was asked for was a thoroughly trustworthy and official agent to assist the captain to get his crew and protect the men from harpies. It was absurd to expect that such an important office could be satisfactorily filled'by anyone who was not under the immediate control of the Board, and who did not feel that future promotion and success depended upon his faithfulness to his trust. We believe the Board would not hate suffered any substantial loss, but that any slight deficiency would have been amply met by the greater public satisfaction aud respect for law and order. However, the Board committed an error of judgment, the fruits of which are all too apparent. Not only would the board err at the beginning, but they followed it up by making a monopoly of the office. It was not until a good deal Of public attention was excited on the subject a year ago that the spirit of competition was permitted to modify the character of the institu" tion. Nothing, however, remains to be done but to abolish it. It must cease. Sooner or later the Board will hare to give way on the point. If they are wise they will gracefuliy accept the inevitable. Licensed seamen's runners have been done away with m England, where they have beeu tried and as here found wanting. Whether their place should be substituted by a Government officer is a question which may now be fairly re-discussed. Not unnaturally great objection is taken to the creation of middlemen. The simpler the relations are between master aud men the better. Of course the circumstances of captains and seamen differ from those of employer and employes ashore; aud in this difference may be found some reason for the Government Runner. The Shipping Master is an officer appointed mainly to protect the crew from entering into uncertain and unfair bargains, and the Government Runner would really be a supplementary Shipping Master to act between the parties from the time of contract to the sailing of the ship. So far as that part of the shipping trade is concerned which is controlled in respect to seamen by the Seamen's Unions' no runner of any kind is wanted, as the Unions take all reasonable c-are to see the cor>tract s fulfilled. It is only as to the foreign trade that the appointment is needed, Much of the difficulty here is caused by the absurd regulation of the Board of Trade that seamen to the colonies must be shipped to be discharged at home" Uutil that can be altered there are very strong reasons for substituting for licensed Seamen' s Runner a Government Seamen's Messenger. 