LITERATURE. ■REMINISCENCES op an artist.* Second Notice. j Considering the uneventful life led by an English artist occupying such an assured, position as that of Mr. Frith, some of his < professional experiences were more romantic than might have been expected, and for one! of these we must refer the reader to the chapter entitled "A Mysterious Sitter," in the second volume, ss it is too long for quo* J tation and might suffer by abridgement. Sat this was not the only sitter of the kind! who presented herself, for on another occa- i sion a lady arrived at the artist's Btudio in a handsome carriage and pair, and after look-! ing at his picture of "Claude Duval," re-, marked to him, " I sat to you for that pic-' tare many years ago. Don't you remember! me?" Mr. Frith was wholly unable to recall! her face. Curiously enough, she asked to be shown into a disused painting-room, and immediately led the way thither. Presently, she exclaimed, "I want yon to paint my Now look well at me. Don't you I portrait. Now look weu at me. uuu v jrvu ] remember me? I eat to you many times." The! artist ransacked every corner oi hiB memcry, i hat without success. Eventually, however, I he discovered that the lady had been an artist's model, and had sat to him for some chalk studies of the principal figure in that composition. She came several times, and on the last occasion disappeared abruptly, and was found wandering aimlessly about the streets long after midnight not far from her own home. She was a confirmed lunatic, and had been so long before introducing her self to Mr. Frith; bnt beyond an excited manner there was nothing to betray mental unsoundness. Another of his models, named Bridman, was distinguished for his piety. His portrait is depicted in "EamBgate Sands," where he is represented as offer ing a tombola for sale to an old woman. Bridman used to bring a New Testament to the studio to read between whiles. He was in what be called ".a state of grace," \- - — J j was unctuous in his conversation, and] WaS UUWbUViu •** —— wept copiously when he alluded to his dear wife, who was on the eve of her confinement, had no baby-linen, and was ordered to nourish herself with port wine. Mr. Frith supplied his model with all these things; but he afterwards learned from other artists that Mrs. Bridman was in the habit of becoming a mother about once a month, when she needed fresh supplies of port wiue and generous living. Thereupon Mr. Frith looked np this remarkable woman, and fonnd that she was as mythical a being as Mrs. Harris. When taxed with his dishonesty and duplicity, Bridman had recourse to tears; bat, finding these unavailing, he said, with delicious candour—" I am an infernal rogne, ain't I ?" The fact was indisputable, and there wub an end to his employment as a model. "Strange as it may appear," adds Hr. Frith, "though his career as a hypo critical knave was well known to as, a suffi cient sum was subscribed by artists to enable him to go to Australia. He found his way to the diggings, which were in fall swing at that time; and I received a grateful letter from him—still in my possession—in which! he informed me he was prospering, and he j hoped helping the good cause by the sale of religions works in a store at Ballarat." Mr. Frith relates an extraordinary story, on the authority of a brother artist whom he names Westwood. This gentleman was Btay- j ing in a country honae dating from the time of the Tudors, and, on retiring to rest, was unable to sleep. Taming hiB eyes to the bottom of the bed he saw the figure of a lady in the full moonlight, her body being so transparent that he conld see through it to the oak cabinet behind her. She appeared to be looking for something she had lost; and when be spoke to her she made no reply, but raised her face and looked straight at him. " it was an awfnl face, with an expres sion of horror and distress nnntterable. For an instant the head was bent, and the appa rent search renewed; then, as if in despair-' ing hopelessness, the figure, wringing its hands, slowly faded away." At breakfast next morning he mentioned the incident | to his hostess, who apologised for putting hun into a haunted chamber, as it was the! only room available, and showed him a por- i trait of the lady, by Beynolds, in the picture fitilery. it was that of a young and lovely j woman, whereas the ghost appeared to be seventy, which was her age on .the commis- J sionof the crime which she seemed to be j creating. On the next night the artist re- j wired on making a sketch of the ghost She j ppeared again, but vanished before he could o more than make a commencement of it ne came again, however, night after night, ttw""toight, by the end of which time Mr. .« described as a most] nuu is aescriDea as a moarj sue and sensible man, bad secured a i arable likeness of his nocturnal visitor; j ind," adds Mr. Frith, " a most aurful face 1 1b, with a terrible crime-haunted expres-. & impossible to forget" Photographs of; portrait are, it appears, in many bauds- ■ 3 fitorr -• — * '' ' \--—— uio, appears, in many o&naa.; ® etory connected with the ghost is this, ont the year 1780 an infant, only a tew fttha ola, who w&s; both fatherless And therlesa, became heir to th® estate. U.- _s - —wccttioe oeir to tne eBtatd. m child was left to the cam of an say, whose family jrere Interested in ® , ftecause, if that event occurred, the KB WnnU * - .a v , ■ •- ' .« .. w«Viif vw«tiCU| I rould revert to them. The heir died —/ from a fit of ponvuLvibns, as an-] need in the ftoed in the country paper, the tr uth being , > the old lady Bent the nurse out of the ' ft—which Bhe after wards haunted—on an j ftd that required some little time for the hftent of its duties; in her absence, f murderess smothered the* child with a I >w as it lay In Itscbtbh the floor.' This tale as it was told to me, and X. thick 1 btfter anthentt Ig ttnph , faow#wr» ®ot supplements It by another relative to the apparition which ia reported to have manifested itself to Lord Castlereogh long before he committed suicide while he was Bleeping in what is known as the Yellow Boy s Room," at Knebworth, the seat of Lord Lytton; bnt the particulars of this were widely promulgated by the first bearer of the title, who was a devout believer in the reality of each phenomena. People who are always pickingup "genuine" pictures by the old masters, dirt cheap, may learn how they are manufactured, from Mr. Frith's amusing sketch of the career of Louis Victor Flatow, the picture dealer, who com menced his trading career by peddling lead pencils, at the age of 111, then turned chiro podist, and died worth £80,000. The man was ignorant, vulgar, and avaricious; but his self reliance, his impudence, and his knowledge of how to humbug picture-buyers, were suffi cient to ensure his Buccess. While Charles Dickens was in Paris, Flatow endeavoured to procure an introduction to him, and on his retnrn, was asked how he liked him. " What is there to like about him ?" exclaimed the picture dealer, "I ain't goin' to bow down to him—a stuck-np humbug. He thinks a lot of hisBelf and his cleverness because he wrote Pkkwick and such like. Why, he couldn't help wrltin' em. He deserves no credit for that. He, a clever man I Let him just go and sell a lot of pictures to a man that don't want 'em, as I have done lots of timeB; that's what I call being a clever man." It turned out, however, that Dickens had declined the introduction, and hence this splenetic out burst on the part of the picture dealer; of whom Mr. Frith giveB us an instructive glimpse at parting. Flatow had taken a large house in Porchester-terrace, and was lying on his death bed. " Just wheel me to the window," said he. "Do you see that fellow there, that mechanic chap with his tools on his back going to work? I'd give all possess, and more if I had it, to change places with him." A few days afterwards the picture-dealer died. Now and then a great hit is made by professional pictare-bnyers, as in the case of a real Gains borongh, bought by some Jews in a " knock out " for six guineas at an auction sale in Buckingnamshire, purchased from them for a hundred and fifty pounds by a dealer, and resold by him to a nobleman for three thonsand guineas. It is described as a lovely example of that master, and was lent to the Winter Exhibition of Old Masters at Burlington-house a few years ago. But such windfalls are of extremely rare occurrence. Mr. Frith gives some interesting particulars with respect to his well-known "Derby Day," exhibited in the Royal Academy in 1858, where its popularity exceeded that of any picture that had been Been inthat-place since ' 'The Chelsea Pensioners, "of Sir David Wilkie, in 1822. For the lady in the riding habit, the beautiful Miss Gilbert of equestrian renown, sat to the artist; and for another of the ladies in the composition an equally beau tiful actress, who was then playing at the Olympic. Bat Mr. Frith was obliged to rub this figure out, which provoked such an ex plosion of wrath and resentment on the part of the sitter as transcended her finest per formances on the Stage. He afterwards mentioned the misadventure to Miss Gilbert, remarking that, if he had been equally unsuccessful with her, he should also have rubbed her out. "Would you?" replied the lady. "Then I would without hesitation have put my parasol through your picture; and, if Mies H had served you right, she would have done the same." When the Queen visited the Academy that year she went straight to the " Derby Day," and told the artist that, in her opinion, it was a wonderful work. "It was on this occa sion," adds Mr. Frith, " that the Prince Con sort snrpriBed me exceedingly by his intimate knowledge of what I may call the conduct of a picture. He told me why I had done cer tain things, and how, if a change had been made, my object would have been assisted; how the masses of light and shade might be still more evenly balanced, and how some parts of the picture might receive greater completeness. I put many of the Prince's enggestionB to the proof after the close of the exhibition, and I improved my picture in every instance." Some of the criticisms on the work, however, were of a very different character, and Mr. Frith does not hesitate to repeat them. Two grooms examined it silently and attentively, and then one was heard to exclaim to the other—" Call that the Derby? It»8 d d hot! Come and have a drink." At a dinner party during the currency of the exhibition, Mr. Frith took a lady into dinner, who had failed to catch his name. She satirised the picture of the season most nnmprcifuilv. and when she had finished her Bevere tirade, the artist gently observed " 11 am sorry you don't like it, for I painted it." "I really bad no idea," Btammered the lady in great mental distress; " but then of course it is a very clever picture, only I don't like the subject" " No more do I," he rejoined; "bat then you must not quarrel with copper because it it is not gold. If I attempted his tory, or what you call high art, I should make a greater fool of myself than I am generally considered to be." "Of course you would," retorted Mrs. Candour. Some letters and anecdotes relating to Charles Dickens exhibit a new and unex pected phase in the novelist's character. Mr. Frith ventured to suggest an improvement in I one of his public readings; and was some what surprised to find it adopted, because, as he remarked to Dickens, "From what I have heard from other people, you are about the last man to take advice about anything, least of all about the way of reading your own books." "On the contrary," was the reply, " whenever 1 am wrong I am obliged to any one who will tell 'me of it; but up to the present!never have been wrong." One day the novelist received a parcel of books by. a new writer, dipped into the Btozy, was attracted by Its style, read on, and found it, as he said ''a very good book, indeed but be added that although a man's name appearedupon the title-page, the work was that of a woman. It was the Adam, Bede of "George Eliot," Speaking of the late Sit Edmund. Landseer, and of his wonderful rapidity of execution, Mr. Frith mentions that his picture of two Bpaniels, which formed part of the Vernon bequest to the National Gallery, was painted in two days ; and that another picture, representing a dog . with a rabbit in his month, was begun and finished in little more than two hours. The great Duke of Wellington, it is well known, com missioned Landseer to paint a picture of the lion tamer, Van Amburgb, in a den sur rounded by wild beasts. When the work was finished, the artist was asked to name his price. " Six hundred guineas," was the reply, whereupon the duke wrote out a cheque for twelve hundred. " It would be difficult to convey to the present generation any idea of the veneration that was felt for the great Duke," observes Ma Frith. " Everybody, down to the street boys, knew him, and vied with each other in offering marks of respect" And his was a personality that stamped itseli ineffaceably upon your mind and memory. Rather below the middle height, in his old age thin ot features and spare 'of form, the head somewhat bent for ward, but the figure Btill erect and soldier like, with a dark-blue frock coat tightly but toned round his chest, and white trousers strapped down over his small and Bhapely feet, he was everywhere the observed ot all observers. His aquiline nose with the high bridge resembled the beak of a bird, his lips were thin andcompresBed, his chin as pro minent as that of Napoleon,and his blue eyes, as keen as those of a hawk, seemed to see everything without regarding anything. As he cantered down Constitution-hill, or walked from the Horse Guards to the House of Lords, every hat was fitted, to " the foremost captain of his time," and this universal homage was acknowledged by his lifting his forefinger to the brimof his hat. " There goes OldNosey 1 God bleBS him 1" was an exclamation you wonld hear from artisans, street hawkers, and the waifs and strays of the London streets, and as you watched the glorious veteran you felt how well deserved were all the honours paid to him who was "Our greatest, yet with least pretence, Great in council and great in war, Rich in laving oommon eenae, And, as the greatest only are, | In his simplicity sublime." Before quitting Sir Edwin Landseer, how ever, we mast quote a good story told of his introduction to the King of Portugal at a court balL It was His Majesty who sought the introduction, and as the foreign Sove reign was only imperfectly acquainted with the English language, and wished to say something complimentary to the great animal painter, he addressed him thus "Oh, Mr. Landseer, I am delighted to make { your acquaintance—I am so fond of beasts." ! When Mr. Frith painted the marriage of the Prince of Wales it was necessary to introdnce the portraits of the Lord Chancellor (Westbury) and the Bishop of Oxford (Wilberforce, better known as "Soapy Sam"). On the former coming to sit for his likeness he caught sight of that of the prelate, "Ah 1" said he, "Sam of Oxford. I should have thought it impossible to pro duce a tolerably agreeable face and yet pre serve any resemblance to the Bishop of Oxford." And when the Bishop saw the portrait of WeBtbnry, he exclaimed, " Like him? Yes, bat not wicked enough." Sumner, at that time Bishop of Winchester, also figured in the picture, and as, when border ing npon eighty years of age, he was such a hale and active old gentleman, the artist asked him whether he bad adopted any particular regimen as regards diet His reply was such as no teetotaller would approve of. " I have eaten," said the prelate, " of what ever good things were put before me, and I have drunk a bottle of port wine every day since I was a boy. The only precaution I have taken has been in the quality of the wine, for unless it was old and good I would have none of it" Mr. Frith once ventured upon sending a contribution to Punch, which elicited from its then editor, Mr. Shirley Brooks, the fol lowing versicies " There ie a young artist called Frith, His piotures have vigour and pith; But his writings have not— They're the cussedest rot He oould trouble an editor with." If the wit had lived to read these remi niscences, we are quite sure he wonld have revised his criticism on the artist as an author; and in taking leave of the two volumes under notice, we can only hope the writer has not exhausted his stock of material, and that he may yet furnish us with a supplement as lively and as entertain ing as the present work 