GALLERY NOTES. The filling up uf the gallerie at an early hour yesterday afternoon betokened something of interest was expected. The Treasurer's financial statement wis th have been presvntetl, but at I) o'clock tho Premier, in reply to tho leader of the Opposition, announced another postpone ment until this evening, when the state ment will be made ready and presented. Why there should be any delay In the preparing and reading uf this important document hon. members are not very 'clear. For munths the Premier has been endeavouring to prove by every mean# known to civilised »"» that Vew South Wales was a colony flowing with milk and honey, and " Aus tralia" was to he a land where, figura tively speaking, river ot rum and milk would How between hills uf tarts and seed cake, and the meaning of such words as hunger and thirst would bo forgotten; The rich man and the poor man would lie down in the shadow and drink tho rum and milk of thia new progress withoot money and without price, and when he pasted in hisfvouchersland became a ghost, bis remains could bowl dismally out of the four corner of tho State llonie at oace. But despitoall these promises tbe state ment is not to hand. It is yet a promis or note, and if public feeling may be taken as any guide is already long over due. Tho Premier has no hesitation in sthrmiag at all times that the country Is with him, but the evacuation of the galle ries last night when the postponement ef the financial statement was announced might go a little way toward convincing him that, as a matter of finedrawn fact, the country is only with htm as far aa he can stand behind the stream of time, and indicate with his generon band the ad vancing wave of prosperity. Tbe day the country learns beyond a doubt that Pre mier Parke is ail promise, will ee a scuttling across to the other side, as determined as was last night's voluntary emptying of the galleries when the Trea surer's unpre pa redness was announced. In tbe early part of the eveoing'Mr. Copeland complained cf the unsatisfactory nature generally of Ministerial replies to question. lie had just been furnished with something vogue and indefinite as on answer to a question about tlw InvereU Railway, and gently reminded tbe Minis ter thactlm information purmrting to bo an answer to bis question bau been in tho possession of hon. members of tbe House for months. And the hon. gentleman ha# every reason to be dissatisfied with answers given or attempted to be given by head of departments. They are, as a rule, puzzles of a most intricate character, and serve to remind the reader uf those old-fashioned measurements uf block of land in which the boundary is described as " com mencing at a red-gum stuup &> E." bear ing thence north four miles to a hollow log ccntaintcg a bandicoot, thence in a westerly direction, ana to on over ttiiisaaa flats, and returning a couple of page further on to the starting point, tbe wud red-gain stump 51) K. Of course, if a man know all about it, this kind of thing conveys exactly the information he could bavo supplied at a moment's notice. As it is in tbe matter of questions by boa. members, the object is usually to qualify a laudable desiie for knowledge, and whether the inquiry to the date of the laying of tbe first choek log In the wooden culvert at Sailors Gully, or the estimated cost of tbe centennial banquet, tbe well- paid Minister of the Grown should answer fully and freely, and endeavour to educate other hon. member up to the amphltude ot iaferwatina which tne draw, log of a large salary supposes hiiu tu be In poeseMiou of. When tbe Naval Defence Force Bill came on for consideration in committee, a few hon. members let themselves out to talk. Hie case, in a nutshell, seems to be about this way. Tbe colonies, on pay ment of a sum of £35,000 annually, or a trifie over tho cost of firing, would be allowed the u«e of so much of the English navy as would be required to repel the red-ey td Invader any time be felt disposed tecomeoutandinvsde. There would be no prime cost, no initiation fee or prelimi nary expenses. We would pay our money and take our choice. Witts one or two hips uf the Rattlesnake class, and a few of tbe Archer Specie, or any other made from improved designs. Sir Henry ii of opinion we could tie a broom to uur topmasts and sweep tho breait of the heaving deep. Tne wliule expense would bo the £35,000 oanuxlly, and that sum should return a banilauiie profit. He could let the ships to any of uur neighbours who got into trouble, and get back the rent in no time. But tbe oppositionist to this scheme of national de fence have nut sufficient faith in Us pro moter to trnst htm impUcity. Sir Henry Parkes can do more with figure than any won outside of Birmingham to-day, hut tbe unbelievers say the result of our ex penditure would be the withdrawal of the shir when England gut into a tight place, and uurselve left with one mud beige man-cf-war, about the size of the " Young Dick,' which we would have to haul up cuter cover every night for tear she ull.d and drowned the Thames pilot who commanded her. We certainly ccutd not keep <ld England's ships if h« felt disposed to require them home. We might persuade our L'reiniurto go aboard the Eazper, or the Jasper, or tbe Scraper, ur wiiichiver twrvton gun tub the admiral of tile fleet boarded, snd, waving fan agree- mrril with England, orelcr the ships to tsytX-reond fight furocr country. And that Lad man would probably lift the Premier with one kick, clear from South Head to Sydney, and turn his quid and twist bis breeches prior to entering all hands to "make saiL And hon. members bunged the table and quoted from authorities and read the fuU, true and particular account of fight in a place called America, in which England was badly beaten in a naval contest, and argoed for and against this precious Naval Defence Bill for five long hour. The member for Northamkyriand and Quean beyoa had each a Idjg speech on the question, but it was evident tbe propoaal was being stonewalled consequent upon the refusal of tho Premier to allow private holiness to take precedence. Tho whole proceeding was fattguingly qlow, points of order were raised on the most frivolous pretence, and the evening was simply wasted. No man In tho world read# lew than Sir Henry Parke. lie never knows what u going on anywhere, never sees a para graph u a newspaper until his attention M has been called to it." And generally and all through, he never know any thing more than be wishes to. (Of ccune there are times when he doee not know half as much). In the House last night he bad the assurance to state that he did nut know tbe Queensland Go vei nment bad absolutely wf ntud to ha ve anything to do with the Naval Defence Bilt It may be very right ami very satisfying to know nuttung at times, bat It u a gtaad and noLle attribute which esM«s a man to look the beaming Goddess cf Truth in the face, and Gun p«us hir by ; is an utter stranger. | 