A AHrOM CEOF THE- DEEP. 'I dreamt a dream t w ot all a dam.' B' W" r'.C i. RauSEMLL CH... APT XXIX'-T T?iUTe. SThedisland stood plaiti ihths powertfar ene of the glass.- The tremble of the anf a 'the buse was visible, 'a thin white throbbing vein that gave tha island the appearance 'of. mirage by the sarls suggestion of: clear spaa betwnz ;the shore and the sea;, It. was still blue in the blue' atmosphere, with a fbrine fringing of trees in places ; and the two hills and the graceful. arching over anto the water of the notth- western point of thedlnd with theesetern crrve,' made its resemblance to a camel standing to its belly in' the water, with its head under, as startling in its queer accu. racy as a face in the fire or some wild likeness in a clo id. 'The moment Forteesene had is loll, a swimming and a faintness chilled his brain ; he shut his eyes. but, with less effort than before, rallied and levelled the'telescope afresh. As the lineaments of the land came out tremulous upon the azure, an overwhelm tog emotion of awe and dread and' wonder pbeseeeed him. Taar was the island of his vision ?' What acency but the hand of God had painted in its complete colonresupon the eye of hid slumbering soul that little space of land yonder .tha had been unknown to him as any valley, grove, or.mountain top in the brightest of the planets I It was like being brought close'to the spirit of God to behold that manifestation of His holy guiding ::to survey in "its realisation the gleaming visionary 'object he had marked the darling of his heart appealing to him from. Hed there been nothing of humas tenderniess, of humangrief, of biman yearning and'passion in this revelation; there would have been too much of mestery, of high supersiaturalsm in it for the mind of Forteecue to support in his then state of health. Bt there was Agatha to think of. The motive, the issue of the voyage, became an absorbing thought;. re. moving him from the perils' of the great awe which the profounder sense of.thes act of Divine disclosure would have begotten in him. ' 'Wasshe on'the island ? 'Would she be livingor dead? ' Dear God IL' he cried in his heart, and his eye turned blind' against the glass as.his soul came to his lips -in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island they took a cast st the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boats was got over and towed anstern, and the strnneaile taken ib. A gaze as searching anu intent as ever shipwrecked marinerslevelled from rock to ri?ginit at the sea was fixed by the crew of the Golden Hope upon the island; but not to their saked eyes noryet to the glasses which Hiram and Stone directed at the land was there visible the least sign of anyone being alive there. No smoke rose to'the wind, no rag nor' signal flattered. In the glornoos morning sunrishine veering northerly, each small eminence threw its blue-black shadow south -west ; off the surface of cocoanut trees rose a silvery 'greenish gleam that had the fluctuating iridescence of oil and water, as the breeze trembled in the foliage, and the setting or the little island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it was with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of bush, of long grass, of sward-like slopes, of the shadows of accli'ities, of the chequered brightness of corals'and, was accentuated in a'manner that from the distance of the schooner rave the picture a em-like emerald loveliness by the heaping of the white surf along the waidward leugth of it, a boiling of breakers that had she dazz e of a mass of drifted snow. , Now that theisland was made:one saw the relief in Hiram and Stone. The correctness of the captain's navigation on the one side. the vindication of the mate's solemn state. ment on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors that no wonder nor doubts as to what was next to happen could at all impair. ' We've :done- what we was asked to do, what was expected of us, Bill,' Hiram said; and that one or t'other of us is out by twenoty or thirty 'mile, means nothen, seein' as there it is, straight ahead,.as if we had been warned to it from the other, side of the airth." But consider-only consider-if' we'd ha' passed it out o" sight from yon masehead ! We might have found it ny cruisin' about-and we mightn't-and if we hadn't, you'd ha been thought a liar, and I'd li' been thought incapable of trulynavigating a craft. Taere'd been. rows art-r, and a re 'lar bloomio' muddle, whilst its to triai--' and he nodded twanrd. F -rte.cue with an extravagant shrug of the'shoolders. . But if the feeling of relief and'gratifinetion wa lively and lasting,';it was soon sunordi. nited:for the time to an intense .perfectly natoral curiosity as 'to whether 'the lergy. man's extraordinary dream was to be com pletely confirmed by the discovery of the lady, or whether the island, by its desolation, wee to couvert the whole voasge into a piece of wild, worthless, sheer superstition. As the spot of land drew more and more within the scope o the eyes fixed ' uon it, the' crew assembled in 'the bowe, and standing-by for orders. whispered among themselves. The cheer they had given was not one they would have reosated in tnsir present mood. It was true the island lay solid and surf- beaten-an actual fact that the most nervou-lr imagi native eye could not convert hnto a fantasy ; but-it was something that had been seen thousands of miles off in avision, and there foreto be viewed with'awe and" supersitious 'cee.ping, as "old Breechese imolted 'whe;h. giving his trousers a drag up and spitting over the idei' There's nothing in it that', onnatural, I've seen' the lires of suech islerands ecores of times; hot I don't mind owoin' that I wouldn't take the walne of a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If ye' was to tell me Id see a ghost I'd go; if ye was to tell me the devil was in bidin' there I'd go. There's nothing as I coaid feel cocksure on as 'td. stop me. But when' there's no one to say what a man might see, or whas might happen to him, awaller my eyeballs, Micky, if a chap's to he called afeerd for keepin' to windward of the moonshine in sitch a quarter.' Of course, the c ok took the same view; and:.through the atmosphere of such talk as-. this the ignorant,- noerestitions,- bur hearty,. ,lively sailors watched the islaud growig-L' After Fortescue had satisfied him self that there was nothing to be seen.on shore indias tive of the presence of human beings, he stood watching and waitingeoithout speech ; but nobody' could have .glaticed at him without witnessing the formidable confliet of emotions that was being waged within him. Formilable as it was, sad te more so yet, because even his'. oe' intelligence. Sthinkiug amid that central calm, which likr the vortex of the cyclone is to be found at tne heart of the wildest' human agsiitio-. might fearfullr foney thai whether the vieiir, should be his fear's orihis hope's such was bthe inteueitof hir ustal tumrnuls his bein at the issue would strnd in.dire peli And indeed it would have been enough to dsanre the stoutest mind to behold the island tha had b*en ase visionarl as a dream at' Wyloe steadfust, green aid 'sbhining open tbhe sea under the schooner's Jihabo'o; the msame in 'outline, tint. vegetation --the same ie n the swarminroftho cidds froth ialne its margin ? \-- -thb sam's in it' friefig and cluastering of 'trees and bush !--the same in minnue deitail's conversing to the inexoresiblr real and .yet phantasmal aspect it bore when it dimly but disrcernibly formed a back ground for the impassioned, despairful pleading .igure o' Anatha. stretching out her iom t-, him.' from the shel'ng beach beyond tbe srf, across the fleer leagueh of mleda' d w ate r." anohe Was o heed thre' Ward 'it:pa eble. aser nine monthsthat he sh ould be living, andu tr her?, eids thi temi dom?-oimn d of \- oasi ?,r' --'i ho:lonss.Islet.* At which thongt regular.ly' recuniog a" shudder woald pass through him that wre ih-d him' as' Sconvulsion, and gain iald 'ai both 8ad- and Hiram msrlked 'him smear with his handkerchief the sweat dff' 'his forehead. ignorant that be did' so, and eonscious of nothing but the rending thrughthr SonLD he Fre iris [OE?u-c " The schoonei swept onwards the 'island wos now witbin'a mile and a half' another cast ofthe leadwas h id. and br the 'time the lead wss coiled down the roar of the surf was a distincthollow moaning In the wind. Hirsm took a freeb look at the landthrgbh' the glass sun shook his head at S'one ; thaen sent hies orders along the deck in a voice tremulouswitb excitement. : , " 'Hands 'by the 'wi'itthyr ' topeail. bra'6e Down s?inares'iil I 'Hul'-the' tackof 'the miins'l up! Down' 'helml' And amid- a burryin, .ofiznres:im asong:Or two the lay hove!to; rolling lilghtlyurpo the. awlt, a rile from theisland.- ,, ;:,; ,:;. - -' 'fMr Forteacue, wilLyou come "JPng.yrith me, sir.:or.wou.d yo, rathr Remain- he?e!' Tke cuamte stared'k frm'a'tesn died eiai.d jib.the' old -satlotbefoyi replying. .';lt' ah5• 5 u ?m elaiusgame wittaes-uiagg mul sp ave swoiir ie'."w ' ;Ia w .in i .t' that moniant: came 't o hi" .a flu.bt,,"d tpobdi 4e hib 6" thougho u ome marvellona raught: had, transformed 'nerve into steel, and mino6itolron will, ; - , " *"Why. iltb.yo, Mr.' Stoe '. HRoelie? Are you reaity , , . . . * "Altresd, git a; I.t ;d humbly rpreeent that f ehl?-if the lady-or putoing t in This wa : uppoes-.-' thie old. fellow was cam. mering; but Fortecune glanced t him wito a sliehsrowm of -rpeie, mO d walked to the gangwayo. .' - ' . i . omp into th beat twof ayor, my lads. Mr. Stone, you'll, tike an oar,'. dnog, out Hiram. There Memed sortofr angiog back among .th man. In truth, at any obher moment there would have been something to laugh at in the fellows who had collected near the caboose, elbowing one, another and yet shoving close, togetber and rstarin one plet. another;, Duck, with a kind of grin that ighieed anything, but mirlb ; Annon, the cook, sulk, and yellow ; Johnny Simpson, hiding in the rear ; Goldsmith, with- obsti nate leathen jaws, slowly gnawing =pon a jank of tobacco; and so on. Now then, into the boat two of ye, d'ye hear ? bawled Hiram afresh;. on ,which Breeche-, with a soar face nod mn atering in his growling croakiog voice, ' Well, here goes for one. A dog must have two tails afore-he feels too proud to obey horders,' walked to the gangwy, and wa followed.by young Jae Hall. In a few moments the boat was pullingaway towards the island. Porteecue in the stern aheete and old Stone working away as stroke, looking over his saholder to get the boat'se head fair for the point it was necessary to-round, It would behard if no answer was e7er re turned to the prayers which men in sufferiug put up to God. It is so natural to lift ap the heart and the hand to Heaven when help, forgivene"e, solace, strength are needed that the instinct of intuilion which prompts- the gesture and the, whisper is one of the profoundest a?ao rances we posseae that, the soul that rises with us s a star that ' cometh from afar.' and 'from God who is our home.' The sudden strength,. neive, power, let it be cailed what it will: that had communicated \- a-nse of iron resolution to Fortescue'a miud, enfeebled by a hundred distracting emotions, made dangerous by the dark shadow of the special supernaturalism of the last momenta of the outward passage, must have.bmea ao anewer to his appeal. . He had prayed' for strength toenconnter what ever was soon to be proved to have lain hidden in the darkness behind the dream he had dreamt, and it had been granted him, and it das well he had iý It is a common thing to hear of expectation rising to agony; bat conceivewhat was frlt by that marble faced man, with his !ipi compressed to blood. lessneos, his eyes ecrn'tiniing and burning, his' arms tightly folded' upon his breast as though he would physically crash down the tormenting 'and'sickening bounding of his heart; conceive his feelingeae he eit looking towards the' iatind, as-the dilll thander of the surf came rolling to-his earsmver the long ocean swells, as no sign of human or sentient thing was visible to Jisturb to the eight the frightful and enormous; loneliness of that little space of land swept by the sea breeze and shining verdant to the- en. Why,it was enough so shake him to the very centre of his being merely to kow, by seeing the island itself, how vivid, .byond all Fosible-capacity ol the mind's mechaniam,.unaided by direct revelation, was the vision he nad beheld in his alumber at Wrloe- He was measnrino now the identiclt spaes of waters be had seen the boat that contained- Agatha passing over Was she there?: Amid that boiling whitenese yonder the boat had'goneto pieces, and through that same thunderous surf ohe had been dragged by an heroic hand. and joet beyond it she had kneeled, then rose, and yearned for him with extended- arms and a face fall of the inexpressible angursh of a hopeless spirit. He had seen it all, though the mere thought of the infinite leauues that separated him from the spot where this scene f flashing ocean .and pouring uen, and ver dautisland had rien before- hi sealed eyes wrenched him with the.wondetfalneso of it like a heartehudder. Was she there?: Oh! surely themerciful God -would not have led him thus far for no purpose. -For sheer relief he turned' his eyeb»als, aching -from the strain of' the intensely searching gaze he fixed upon- the island, to the schooner-the heautiful scho-ner--the noble, staunch, auspiciously named Golden Hope; and the clear reflection of her ap pearance came like a soothing greeting to him as tor a moment or two he marked her awaying upon the flating heaving of the deo.'with a little windy rushionof fingerlike shadows over h-r whire ails,% and fasbings in the brimming blue liqud: brows trom the starry radiance kindled in her; wet sides by the sunshine, and the heads of the crew lilipotianised by distance,. looking at the receding boat over the rail. : The men pulled steadily ;.Stone vary grave, with. oecasional side qmunts at F.rteecee. and prolInted looks over his shoulder at the island. Breeches, in the bows. with the natural sourness of his expression empossnied by the drawn down corners of his mouth, the curves whereof, at least on the rigns cheek were madse longer by the dark stains of tobacco juice, and young Joe Hall between, riving his supple trunk a devil- may-care swing as though he reckoned bimeelf epe. piolly watched from the schooner and com mented upon Silence was maintained for some time. At last old Stone, bringing his eyes away from the land, and staring nnder twisted eyebrows puat Forteeeue at the sea, muttered with a deep sigh or two SIHsilgho I heigho ! here, it wa, William, that I was that dry for drink I whuld have swapped the mother that bore me for a qnar ter of a pint of water. By the way, Mr. For. tescui, did yon bring e'er a drop o' brandy Along with you ? 'Ye, I have a flusk in my pocket,' ans wered the elergyman. .: • '-Well, I meant to havefreminded yet of it, sir, It may he wanted-there' no knowing'. He tried ro inspect the island 'Make: oat any sign of life there, Bill? See anything moving ' - :t ' No,' roeponded Breehes hoarsely; ' an' onless it's them as Mr Fortescue seeks, we don't want to see nothen.' 'How long it 'I be, Mr. Stone, since them we've come to fetch haebin cast awa ?' asked Hall. ''Nine months, Joe, nine months,' re 'iponded Stone, with something of deprec*. 'ion io hi manner, evidently considering the qunstron mal apropoe. and neasking with ingular solemnity. Then, addressing Mr Forteane, *'IF thes's any persons ashore there. sir, they'll have to be behind' them hamps. It's smi-oth water t'other side, and it's reyonable they should settle to leeward for the cnavenienCs of poin' a fisbing, not t"; menrtia living ilear of the shindy' of that there sur. 'Herat, Bill. Let's eet her hsd, onur more. ' Why,'this i a time of hexpectc Lion an'rio-'nistake Danuno, after al, if it, wouldn't have been a good idea to have fired a rocket or so. not having a gun aboard, that the -explosioon loft might bring anybody what's ashore down to -the beach to have a look.' He' combed the sweat from his fec* with one' haad, rowine with the other, as he added, with a freeb sl.nce atthe island, ' It'a enouih to make the heart buat 'cleor of it moori's with anxiety to see them two bitss o'hillsastck up there blottin' out the vie-ar one wante to get,' and then observing that the cleryman' was absholutely incapable of converestion, the old fellow sank intS silence witha dim fir.away expraion in bis ehye that would have eaaily caaused yoa to guess he was thinking of his own shipwreck in these 'h:Tb !"ihit srlfhiboldd OP the belch and rushed-back in thunder. 'fSeing the vast resplendent breaking of the fine: we'ther breakers npon that coral bshore, yon Bitht well havsuoposed that it storm the sass must sweep in enow over the island - Giddy priematic Ipoutiogs of throbbing- water rowe fntasie.slkse against the northern' point when the arch of the hod, by its peculiar confgratlonu, 'completed that cael 'aspect that bhn been again and again referred to. Eerye hueof 'owth'and verdure was of i. lnarr tropical luxuriance; gaining in depth and purity of dye with the approaching ga S, whilst tbsh 'sheen ofthe sunligbt overall hbg like a eilver'mlst that gave the sky an appearanoe bof quikailver for many fathoms above the 'of e'tree thee ad he top ofthe little hills.' :Nw, pastthe sirf a few sea'fowl' could hbe seen waddling npoin .leamingilop'lp;'*less than a score were id the wing."tsailng, like the common' gall,. with arched neck end oh' tremoursisa pinion.. The l6und of :the breakers waa like a.ct e les eaasinonad;ng; the softened commingling of'the dstonation of small ordonance . .. Th ' The eek's'round that eorar-it'asmooth thecq.- Pall, lad r cied Stone, with sudden; exuctement. - " - - ' . \- The point, to which htey 'had to girs a widish berth, binee tbhe.am-cme.dowo to ts thin, bnut alway dangerons, opened cpadf to the strokaof.thahosad reveald eveald tlee ward, part of the islasd daecendine verdant and temder from the hillside to-.asoai strip of-neen level, whacewent thbe sa, blue and easel,. The creek -lay clear, stretobing a hnudrad tilt6fii of r'T*4i~t wale; intoi the land:. T'i he heading for it, cane bead. sideto theawul i. I n. ': , 01 1, ,c At5thi Isant aos Portesce leapt to his fee with asort.ef?acriam.' Look i he shriekas, pointing over the sbowl and he utteredai Icud.hystericl' laughb. .. .; . 1 : ' Sit down 1' For God's sake sit down; air i1. roaed Stone,; or yell capsize the boatl'. ' By thanderr 'aA AAN A 1' 'cried Breeches. Stone grauped the chsgrmau, and ,forced him to sit, 'and ihilest hel still held hi,; looked towards thbr land, where, tothe rnsht of ihecreek, midway between its sea oped: ing and ic land limit, stood :a laS human 6lgOre.with his hand. hanging 'nottoulaas to his side, lie' dark' fare turned tewardnithe boat, and the whole aspect of him do'rigid that he might have' paesed for ,the wooden effi?y ofa shipwrecked esilor, fixed ,i i'some ironical- hand upon, that lonely cltok, to counterfeit the human agony of the liling castaway. ' ' ' ' p ' '' Forteecue eat in the'steresheete, his'hende gripping the gunwale so fiercely pun' "saw the 'eisa asending up' like' whipcorde'indertbe delicate skin, his face flashed to?'the Ibrow. his lips parted, his respiration- short and eopreseed,'itod wistheaoh a lilht in his eyes that anyone might have sworn theyl had caught the febrile fire from madness. The onag sweep of the onrs had brought the boat near enough to the month of' toe creek to enable aim to distingisth the man'ifeaturse, and it was another shock, too full of the' supemnatural in its first impulse forjoy, for him to witneis in" the' lonely figase- sue very likenese of the man be' had beheld in his vision battling through the nrf and' bearing Agathea ashore. ' Iois the boatswain of the Veralkhe,' he cried, so huekily'as to barely arsiculate;' at the samea mdmeat the' boat entersed the smooth water' of the creek, and was pre sently laid alongside the white- sand on the rght, thatweat up'into giyse and bash'b Mbtionlesely, ' withhaXino g 'arms e' nd burst hollow face, the man hhd been watesb inog them'; be now'raised a slrange 'cyr 6f transport, 'which found ?a 'derisive echo in thehoarse sotee of the birds overheadr ; ed mate ais if 'he would'run towards the boeat; but God' 'heet knows' the emotions sthat' would oaralese him at such a imes; he took a etrideor wo, and fell 'headil'eg, and there lay, whilst T'rtescue, Stone, and Breeches jumped' onut of' the boat, leoviug Hall in' ;harger- 'h '" ' Bbs the sight:of das illed him,'? said Stone,. in a tremhling whisper, whilst Brqechee cast a hurried nervaei glance around.' Bio ere they reaced him he had struggled to his 'lege-:andh sood ersect before ' them. Father'of mercy 'what a figure' piteously rrembling fonit head to foot; his lips' moving bnu without' nute'ace,' tears coureinag- own his cheeks. A' ragged seaman'a ja'tkei coveredhise.naked' breast, and he woev a pair: of eanvastrousers is eshreds about the' legs. This was his attive:' His black hair was as long as a "woman'i, and Ilay'upon his hack and' shouldem in a matted mase. his face waL nearly of'the'compteziou of chocolate with sunburni. and, his 'wild, shipwrecked most lamentableappearance was completed by along black beardlasd moustaches. And yet the tall fl'nre- the fine physique, the manly looks of'ooae who had been, and might' yet again be enoble specimen of an '?lhglish sailor, were veibletbrougc the. tremors, the tears, the ragse, te'heesardneseoft toteasuta way. ;'. ' Fortesce :ran to him "and grasped' his hand. 'Yonu' were- the boatswain of the VernlamTr he orid,' "We have come toeave 'The man ~ank uposnhieknees,. kissing'the clereymcn's hand.. The- spur of the soathern most hill came down to-the sea aquarter of a mile beyond ;. i we all gieen-growth to there, with some cocanus trees' on the head that hid bhe-land 'behind. FE.rtesone loelsed that way, then at .the'lkneeling,J weeping, trembling masr lad' tried to speak; bat his voice failed him. On which Stone. ead., 'Give me the brandy, sir, -and pouring out a dram, presented it to the man. He drankit, and Stone said; ' Fr God'e sake collect your energies.. Tii aesunrlsse t kill a man pretty nigh, as can't I reckon,'havin' been myself cast away here, though not for nine monthe, as ye have. But it's all right now.;:get on your leg-, mate; and-tell un if t 're'- more of re. Tell us,' he said, putting Iis lips- to the kneeling man's ear, ' if there be more-of ye' The ensupenseofta lifetime may he crowded into a minute ' think, then, of the aegony ofit i The man tried to pceak, etnurled, 'and' was helped on to his- feet by S'ne, who' held him ; and bhepressed hishand to.his:templer as if hta head would hun-st, whilst the'reos, eager gaze fixed nuon him' by the tweoseames was in its way almost as paaeionately anxious as the'eye which Fortescue regarded' him with. ' MercifolChrist P snddenly+exclaimed the man in a hollow voice. 'tothink ynu .shou?) have come ! It is nine months you say 7" ' Poruthe low of 'od, shipmate, tell ne Are you alone?cOried, Stone, and Brelebes echoed. 'Aye, for God'se ake tell us, ! 'No!' answered the' ment frowniig,and grinning with the .violence of his efr?,re to steady his mind;- and still trembling. and weepims ; ' there is a lady-beyond there come i' he yelled let's get her-then be il ! -then be off !' Phere't only nus two ' )I'l carry' her.myseltl I bore her through the boiling outside to wind'ard. I saved her from a bloody villain !' .Her life shall be owin" to me yet. Hoorah ' .Again he made as f to run, and Uagan fell ; but thid time in 'a dead swoop, and there he lay fq9 all they could tell, a corpse' ¶ Bill, seep by him in crase he comes to r exclaimed Stone. '"Mr ']"ortescoe, lets find the:lady, sir. No good wasin' a minate of time mor'n can be helped.' . The' grasse and bsh grew plentifully, the former of an Indian kind, so ta'l.bhaish, and intertwined as to be stubborn to the thrusting of the leg.. It was oppress?vely hot,' the glare of the sun coming down past the bill brassy in " bless of light; ori the verge of whose atmospheric circle the few cloods blowing that way melted. The sea went away from the incline of the hill in a sprface of. exquisite blue; but the silence in the island was full of the, thunder of the eternal surge of the Indian Ocean breaking upon the windward shore. Wherever the coral sand stood bare to the eye, a dazz'e, cama..off. it almost as of polished tin. Toe arrival of the boator the mnanmensteof the men seemed to hair quickened or alarmed ;he birds into activity; forn ow many, sea fowl--a,sort of Mannet chiefly?. Mack and grey-wheeled Icm. petnously .overhead, .Slyipt out .to Se in sudden darting,, then restninreg, ad ?lasiung sound that,wers like a continuas swing by a number. f carpenters, -eves, man working with a tool that yielded a differentnote., Yet thr'nth thesecriesand the sounds of the surf could yon; hear the delicate moaning or salhing noite'..nf'the.pleaunt .tr.de ,wind hlowine through the hushes. and bendinl the long gras. ann maki+ng whatever. foliage the tr(Ies hang. nopt to.it trembhle thci are?eish sheen against the seine heav-ns' till itt wa like an cveretwing on 'sl*s, hbrightones from the leases, vqry bhicatifalt behold; .. 'To think that Ir shoild find mreellf hert again ' exclaimed S?aone. rather bthinhking loud th'ih addreeiheg Fortesone... 'Lord, what alot a man goee thronuh in thib''hbis .Thbej'riciced the snmmit of the spr, imd stood a moment looking. -From the bhasiof the ihor" inacline, thes ground, thick' with underrowth, bush and graes', wsnt leyIel to simIlar slope of land that' formod the sparor fall of the' otherhill. aInthe middle o. thia fl t,.within ready observation, themre stood a little itractare, easily seen to be formed of the trunks ?hd boabhs of bashes.w'hich had been stripped 'of all prowths deemed' n?wr. fitoone, with on arcied'eaoe roof of :boughs ,snd;:th . like si'alsad. and the whole t fslri covered'with gtase plaited, and yelloW with heat iand decay. That was ilL Ir weas,uta little arbonr. Something like it you will see in.gardeni ,where great.bushm have been holowed into an apertoure you have to stoop 'so r nowhere a?ont--itit'l b..b her ebhlter, air yon'll.find her there, said.. Stone. Ia.siliene Ihey':approached the ,sractore. Fortu.ecu hardly.' brethbed;• his,. lis. were hl0idleet; Jie trvmbled..almoet H theman that fainted bsd; when. witbin.a .e one's throw of.. thi house.be..etopp'd It: was evident.the entrane faced the sea or was on he other. side This side i was a blnk wall dof greern y c.nningly wreathed,, and movnrg e'a·nehibitiouo of opetice in suffer. ingacd in hopele?sness.. Thecurateagrsped the old snilor by the arm. "'Mr.'Sto6b'he whislpred with hispaybed' thrat, 'if I shnold suddenly show myself the j'y might crase her, you keow.. How shall S'Why, that, thought's been. in,me: all. thtboi~h,' answered Stoeis. Supprse you stiMnd'behind'one ofthese hers:usbes-tl'll peepin; if she'" there I'll speak. toher and prepare her.. Bein' gruff and nautical I can't eaether-n-utside, the mere notionoe belo' sasved-as a person better.bred thas .ame SForteue :motioned .to ,bInm.to at -. be snrggested. Stone walked 't the strecture, and fond the, entrance of it faeing the sea. Tt was a oneeshaped slit rath?ri tkan.a door-, way, ?ad hbe bad to tnop:.to pwer In. The interior with a green twilight, with the sua in the-nortlh. adine golden, threads a,,light thcitulttha isf rioof ,od aide, 1a54 wher' vel these -radiant'Ahaeade touched' Stba pound they. seemeditoisptead .and, remble"-.t -intolittle pools of liquitdgoldQ r A?quantstyol :ofr long graes lay thick upon the floor ; it had :.ri' :bee"cut down, by'a kbhife,; and' had turneds'', the ihue of. hays andr is wad -as coarse M? straw. I' the right bahdTomrner of the: strange arbinr-like 'structure, on, the right hand as gon, looked in as the door, there was a l.p-.. - of this grass, and upon it lay Agatha-Fox '; r attire a scarerow,.. with rsnm naked' and;. white Ibreast.- half concealed, anstockinged,'-• feet, yet wirh remains of female apparel. swathins her, triatis.to say one thing hididti the rent in another.. Think for yourself if *:= rbo need a clearer picture. BShe had beenpe nine-months cast- away, and what;ahe- ore -whn- she was dragged ash re was all-abhe-:_. Stone stood a-moment or two watchio g her. Ha :hair, that was ofia rich and. lustroU?n auburn, and wonderfully abundant,. hang s. with all the wildiess of, dishevelment frobm. her head, and lay in- smae upon the floor, albeit she had her cheek in her hand propped on'the elbow. ,The old sailor looking, wish his heart in his throat, might have expected " to find little more than a ekeleon in a woman'. delicately nfatured that had been immured for nine months, tormented by thoughts in-" co?reesible, by suffering which could find no; meaning in words; iet in the swift glances' he?tole he noticed on the contrary a round. nee and fulness as of positive.health:indeed? in' er face; )ikeirise a healthful- fleahintse. of limb; the delicate feet and bands' and-' arms were scarletwith sunburn ; bt the l?ce. was pale and spirit-ithe,- with a curions- - repose or immobility of beauty, he'ihtendd,, one might suppose, into on aspect rarely seee beneath-the stars by the disordered oheeded'. glory of her- hair, and by the rage upon her' expressing and half-expoeing the perfectlon' of female-form, through tle squalor that the-' ocean brings' about;- not-to be likened '"t what we know of the same thing ashora Shes' leaned her head upon her right army and' with her left hand ase looked to be trying toe gather up pool of sunnbine that lay closer. beside her. There was a large turtle eshel ial one corner with water init; ;and that com-' posed the frnoitme of the a-bour-tfor ouclh it was. She was intent upon gathering, up. the pool of light, ecooping at i0 so to epeeri - with the sharp of her little hand, and lacgh - icr to herself aroftn as she.failed, - Stone coughed, and stood full' in the door-" way, with his head bowed'. and his head' based; he imagsnes she would scream out?b- and spring to:lrer feet and he busily re heareed woat o.eay to her ; but instead, ad without moving any portion of her figure but- " her head, she asr?ed at him with'a little be wildered frown and ths-n-amiled. Stene tried. to speak, but such was ,his' astonishment :that' she words stuak in ,hi threat. It was'net'only this, reception--the. smile-the perfect trmahPility of her mannerr that staggered h?n;. he was fascinated .bi: something, he noticed-something diseover-e able, but sorely not interpretable by him--ism. bse expression of thek pnrely soft, :tetartled grey eyes she fixed upon him. Adaiu he eseased to speak; some rumblingt-sounds escaped him; once more she smted.with touching sweetness, and still preserving that. semilb, turned to tbhelittle flood of oneshine and cried to gather it up. `Ml God !' cried the old seamanu aloid' recoiling into the open by a stride, "with 'ae involuntary horrified toe-otehis head, 'she'e lost her mind.' \- hbe, spoke, Forteecue gripped his' armn and, with his other hand -shasins his eyee. pee?sdionthrough the antrance, of the urbour. o (rte 1 .OntS -o 