REVIEW. MISSUS. MACMILLAN'S PUBLICATIONS. We hare several of the new additions to Messrs. Macmillan's " Colonial Library." The one which will probably attract most attention is "Sir Percivai," by Mr. J. IL Shorthouse, the author of " Johnlnglesant." But in the present castas in nis "Jjittie acuooimasier -nark,1 air. Shorthonse has conspicuously fallen below the level of his first book. And for the same reason— that while he has been able to repeat the spiritual, and contemplative, and impres- sional elements of his first story, he has not been able to reproduce anything like its nana tive interest. In the present story everything is seen through the medium of the visionary religious mind and feelings of the heroine, Constance Lisle. This young lady is religions after a highly ecclesiastical, almost conven tual type. She lives in close communication with the higher world, and receives or believes she receives supernatural promptings and pre monitions upon what to other people would appear very trivial occasions. All this exalted frame of mind causes her to view the things of this world from a too high altitude to do them justice. She lives with a very lofty though we fear rather senile duke, to who3c wife she is related. She first idealises a young fellow, Sir Percival Massareen, who comes to stay with the duke, and soon falls in love with him, partly by a mental and spiritual process of identifying bim with the Sir Percival of the Bound Table romances, and thca when be be comes engaged to a beantif ul young girl, Virginia Clare, who comes to join the same dncal circle, Constance consents to regard Percival hence forth but as a brother. Virginia Clare, who is de picted as a highly advanced agnostic in reli gious matters and a socialist in things political, hears of a poor woman who has taken the con tagious fever which is raging in the neighbor ing hamlet and who is left deserted. She at once determines to go and nurse the woman, and in doing so catches the infection and dies. Some time afterward, Percival discovers that he loved Constance Lislo all the while — man, as Mr. Ho wells say e, is, after two thousand years of training, so imperfectly monogamous— and asks her to be his wife. She, on some high transcendental ground, unintelligible to the reader and apparently only nebulously in telligible to herself, refuses him. He goes away to service in Africa, and there volunteers to go on a dangerous expedition to try to re lieve a missionary bishop who is in danger of being murdered by the people amongst whom be lives. Percival gets there jnst the day be fore the bishop is murdered, and is in time to take the Sacrament with him, which they do by eating three blades of grass each. We must say that this chapter, which is entitled " The finding of the Grail," seems to us as decided an example of fetishism as could be discovered in the barbarous African tribes among which its scene is laid. The narrative and the spiritual ecstasy with which it is read by Constance, to whom Sir Percival before being killed sends his papers, illustrate very strongly the mis chief of separating religion from common sense. Us effect is cloying and sickly, and in striving to invest hi3 story with that " light that never was on sea or land," Mr. Shorthouse, we are afraid, has only been able to sleep it in moon shine. The only definite and distinct drawing of the story is given to the portrait of Virginia Clare. This young lady, a born aristocrat, educated and imbued with all of the traditions of her caste, has persuaded herself that she is a socialist and leveller of the most revolutionary type. Here is a bit of her conversation with Constance Lisle MtI have been telling Sir Percival that I am the sworn enemy of everything that is old. That I detest the social system which is the curse of civilisation. That I wish to subvert and de stroy it all.' 'But how are we to live?' I said, not knowing what to say. 'Everyone will share alike,' she said; 'everyone will have £250 a year.' ' But,' said Percival, hesi tatingly, if no one has more than that no one will be able to pay for pictures, or to keep horses, or anything.' 'Oh, jc«, they will,' she said; 'everybody being provided for, they will paint pictures and do things for love— love of the race. Everything will be for the race, nothing for self.' ' K'm, cr 1' said Percival, doubtfully, 'and if they breed horses for love, who will ride them?' 'Oh, everybody will ride them,' she said ; ' everybody in turn.' Percival did not seem to see it." Here is another scene of which Virginia is the heroine, and which is the best, because brightest and most definite passage in the book. It occurs at the dinner-table of the duke : — "'Are yon a Socialist, my dear?' said the duke with bland inquiry.— ' Oh, I am worse, uncle, much worse. I am a petrolcuse. I would destroy everything — everything there is.' Everything !' said the duke vaguely, as though the conception was too large for him to grasp at once; 'everything, dear me I that seems a great deal.' — ' My dear,' said the Duchess, by wav of changing the conversation, 'do ron know how your uncle the dean is ?' — My aunt was always uncomfortable and nervous at con- versation which she thought improper before the servants. — 'No, Aunt,' said Virginia; 'I never see anything of them. I never go to the deanery. I have long since given up public worship of any kind.' — ' But don't you like the cathedral much?' I said, more for the sake of saving something than for anything else. ' Ob, the music is so bad 1' she said. ' I think,' she went on, after a moment's pause, 4 if I could join any form of faith, I would join the Quakers. They seem to me to be the most open to all in- flueuces of light. But I have long ago renounced all forms of faith.' I did not dare to look at my aunt- ' The evolution of theology, you know, aunt,' she went on calmly, 'is quite as clear as the evolution of the human race.' (It must be clear indeed, then, I thought.) 'It began with nature-worship, the cult of the cosmic deities ; thou through scio-theism, the deification of ancestral ghosts or ancestor-worship ; then through fetishism and totemism to the present state of intellectual shadow-worship.' I did not know then, but she told me a day or two afterwards, that she had been reading in the tram as she came down an article by one of the leading scientists of the day. She lent me the magazine, and, as far as I could understand the article, I fancy that she had got, as Lord Clare would have said, ' a little mixed.' No one seemed able to grapple with the ancestral ghosts, so she had the conversation all to herself. '1 suppose,' she said, 'that mankind will always find some incentive to moral action in symbols. So loug o? the Christian faith is admitted to consist of mere symbols, I do not know— I really do not kuow— that 1 should object to it so much. Some of its shadow-worship is beautiful— quite beautiful. But when these shadows are hu ll .seJ upon us as realities, then it becomes the liighcst duty of us all to show that these dog matic idols have no greater value than the productions of men's hands— the stocks and stoues which they have replaced.' I am ashamed to say that I looked at my aunt with apprehension ; I do not know with what foolish appreheusion. I was quite wrong. She was looking fixedly at the silver sconces on the table before her. Evidently no power on earth would be able to force from her a single word. Percival looked very much perplexed. He did not like, poor boy, to be told of any duty, incumbent upon all, which be felt he could not understand or sym pathise with. He looked across the table at me. I felt quite unequal to the emergency and turned, as a last resource, to the Duke. I was instantly relieved. A look of trouble and anxiety was upon the Duke's face, but it did not seem to me that it had anything to do with ' scio-tbeism,' or the worship of aucestrul ghosts. There was a general appearance of uneasiness among the domestics at the Duke's end of the table. Some thing was wrong with the chablis. Mr. Priest withdrew a few puces and stood apart, like some superior intelligence whose advice was not required at this particular juncture. Mr. Giles advanced to the tabic, and with an air of quiet and uuobtrusivc rectitude, which it would have been impossible to sur pass, presented his Grace with a cork. Tfte Duke took it — looked at » one end for some moments very attentively ; then he turned it round and loosed for the 6ame length of time, and with equal care, at the other end. Then he returned it to Giles with a gesture of superb resignation, as though he had said: 'I accuse no one ; I blame no one. It is inex plicable ; but let it pass — let it pass. We will teturn to the ordinary aud trivial avocations of life.' lie turned to us and, evidently per ceiving that Virginia was dominating the con- Yersation. addressed himself to her— 'I bog your pardon, Virginia ; yon were saying — ? The effect was irresistible. I caught Percival's eye. He threw himself back iu his chair, and a horribie dread seized mc that be would burst into .a boyish roar. The warning look of my yea struck him, and be restrained himself. Virginia was evidently very much vexed. She flushed all over, aud bit her lip— a peculiarity we soon became well accustomed to. My aunt came to the rescue with great success.— 'I was thinking,' she said to. the Duke, 'that, if to-morrow were fine, it would be very nice to drive, after luncheon, to Herrivale. I owe Mrs. Merrivale a call, and the young people . would like to see the abbey. I am sure, my dear.' she said to Virginia; 'I am sure you would like to seethe ruins. Constance is never \- tired of wandering among them.' So we escaped any more shadow-worship for that JftighL Virginia, indeed, seemed mostly put out with Percival and me, sot, at all with the Dnke,i toTwbom she devoted herself dnring the rest of the evening, and evidently entertained him very much.—' A very nice, well-mannered yonng woman,' he said to his wifo at night ; 'and her socialistic notions sit with a very pretty qnaintness upon her.' " Another of the " Colonial Library" scries is " A Modem Telemachus," by Miss Yonge. It relates with conscientious and painstaking fidelity to history, save in particulars which are scrupulously specified in the preface, the cap ture of the Countess of Bourke, wife of the French Ambassador to Sweden, by Moorish pirates, as the consequence of being cast away in the Mediterranean, about 170 years ago. The story gives opportunity for a great deal of inci dent, and also for much learned antiquarian description and narration, but to the last it remains only an imaginative historical narra tive, and it is impossible for the most believing reader to accept it as a novel. Very much the same is to be said of " Nercra, a tale of ancient Rome," by John W. Graham. The scene of this story is laid in the latter years of the rule of Tiberius, while he lived in his island retreat of Caprese. It relates the love of a centurion of the Prm- torian Guard with Neara, who is supposed to be the daughter of a humble potter. But when we learn that the granddaughter of a Roman patrician has been stolen some years before, the experienced novel reader at once sees through all the elaborate cobweb of mystery that Nexra is the missing heiress. The writer has carefully studied his subject and has sought to recall the life of the days of Imperial Borne in the pages of a novel. Possibly, however, the average novel reader will resent what he may conceive as the attempt to pass off upon him history for romance. The his toric part is careful and laborious, but the romance part we fear is commonplace, well worn and conventional. Some of it, as for example the passage where the centurion, to rescue his love, bursts into the upper room of Tiberius and fights a company of the Prteto- rian guard before he is disarmed and captured, is just a little too strong even for military romaoce. Charles Lever would nevor hare dared to make the most dashing of his military heroes do anything like this. We receive also in the same series "Margaret Jermine," by 'Fayr Mndoc," and here we come down safely on the level of the trivial, commonplace, every day lovetoaking novel. The same publishers send us that charming child's book by Mrs. Moles worth,. " Herr Baby;" and when wc read of the doings and pondcrings of this delightful little domestic autocrat, his gravity, his calm self-possession, his wonderful talk, his adventurous undertakings and withal his perfect babyhood, we feel that this little book in its storllng value, insight and creative power is worth a whole library of novels of Mr, Shortbousc's vaporous religiosity, of Miss Yonge's or Mr. Graham's stiff and stilted historicism, or " Fayr Madoc's" frivolonr young ladies' chatter. Wo cannot say whether chil dren care very much for books which depict the unconscious side of childlife. But when it is done as Mrs. Molesworth can do.it, it becomes a dclighfui and refreshing change for adult readers to turn to this from the accounts of the unmeaning doings of wooden puppets which largely make up the contents of the novels of the day. Mrs. Molesworth is one of our very few writers agains£ whom the only fault that we can allege is that they have not written more than they have. Another book by Mrs. Molesworth is "Four Winds Farm," which depicts the life of a little boy somewhat further on in years than Herr Baby. This is little Gratian Conyfer, who was bora at Four Winds Farm, the farm on the breezy moor where the "four winds meet." He is a dreamy boy, who lives much closer to nature than to human life. Especially does he make the four winds which have taken his birthplace for their meeting ground and play ground as his companions and secret friends, and listens to and understands all their different voices. He is like one of the young people whose education at the haods-of Mother Nature Wordsworth has described, and of him, like Wordsworth's poet, it may be said Tho outward shows of sky and earth, Of hill and rulley. he has viewed ; Aud Impulses of deeper birth Have came to him in solitude. Of this little lad, with his strange fancies aud poetic sensibilities, we have a very interesting account woven into a delightful little story marked by all the tenderness of treatment and fine moral feeling of its author. The value and attraction of both of these stories by Mrs. Molesworth are increased by the illustrations supplied by Mr. Walter Crane. " Madame Tabby's Establishment," by "Kari," is a story for children, in which arc related the adventures of a little girl in Catland, in such a way as to be highly interesting to young ! readers. "The Tale of Troy," done into English by Mr. Aubrey Stewart, condenses the whole of the legend of Troy into a continuous narrative, from the judgment of Paris to the capture of the city. The poetry of Homer is converted into simple English prose, in which, however, the spirit of the original cau often be felt. Here, for example, is a sentence selected at random descriptive of the way in which the heroes gathered at Aulis preparatory to the siege of the city : — " The host gathered at Aulis, on the seashore, over against the long island of Eabaea, aud the heart of Agamemnon swelled with pride as he saw the endless ranks of men pouring forth from their ships and their leuts, like the great flocks of cranes and wild swans that love to settle upon the meadows by the river Cayster, till all tho plain resounds with the clang of their wings ; or like the countless flics that swarm round the kine in early summer, when the fresh milk froths in the pails." This indicates how closely the spirit and the form of the original have been adhered to in this prose condensation. The book is admirably suited to give young lcaruers an idea of a work which fills so large a place iu the poetry and hat so deeply impressed the literature of the race. The December number of Jfacmtllan's llaga- zine is an admirable one. The instalment given of Mr. Thomas Hardy's rural tale of "The Woodlandcrs" is of special interest and of great power and pathos. A careful and sympathetic article is devoted to the remarkable novel by M. FeuiUet, "La Morte," of which in its English form, under the title of " Aliette," we some time ago gave a notice in these columns. We then get an article on "Mrs. John Taylor, of Norwich," one of the most interesting figures of the brilliant intellectual circle which for a while, about the beginning of the present cen tury, gave the town of Norwich a great though only temporary celebrity. A very ably written article on "English Litera ture at the Universities," in the course of dealing with the general subject, touches with extreme, though veiled severity, oa the case of Mr. Gosse ahd bis lectureship at Cambridge, and the accusations of shallow and inaccurate scholarship of which Mr. Gosse has had to bear the brunt. There is a story of tragic interest, entitled " Nancy Dedman and a delightfully clever and amusing social sketch, or rather narrative,' by Mr. Julian Sturgis, called "My Ghost," in which the facile stylo and power of fantastic humor of Mr. Sturgis are shown in their happiest andmost successful form of presentation. One or two articles of minor character and some verses make up a number of merit far above the average of maga zine literature. 