TJHE MERCURY. ,-V TUESDAY, MARGE'SO, 1887. -The view "whick we took of "the* functions of the London Conference, yesterday, is rather curiously confirmed by j one or.á\fó , items in the liles of Sydney pair's just to hand. We sec that some^questions have been asked in ¿hetÄäjbinbly ot Nè\v?South Wales relative^'to the Federation Enabling Act, tlie belief being, apparently, that now that Sir Hkniiy Parkes is in office there is a prospect of New South Wales coming in with the other five Colonies which have already agreed to Federation. At least this is, or was, the impression in South Australia, when the Premier, Mr. Biiay, said that his Colony mú.st take' care ' not to , be left out in the- cold, as New South Wales was about to join the j other Colonies On' being asked as ,to his intentionjî^and' whether he had. said anything' ,to( warrant "Mr. Bray's opinion, 'Sir Henry Parkes replied that ho did. noi intend »to propose that Now South Wales should \ join':* in. . Ho further; -paid that " ho had at all times,'?held ' the opinion that tho Act of the Im- perial Parliament now in existence really stood in the way of the Federation of the Australian Colonies." Sir Hkxuy Pakkes is far too astute a politician to allow himself to be caught in such a trap as *i\as laid for him, as he knows that it is the fashion in New South Wales to decry the action' already taken, but ho seems to us to have indulged in a little ornamental assertion in the remarks which ho is reported tojiavo made. Wo do not remember that ho at any time, not to speak of at all times, opposed tho Act, which is based ou lines laid down .by delegates, amongst whom were two from New South Wales. However, whatever may bo the cause, it is tho correct thing in New South Wales at present to deride tho Act which has been passed, on tim ground that it is quite insufficient to' satisfy the longingskof New South Wales for a largo and comprehensive scheme of Federation, which shall produce results undreamed of save by those great minds which have so bcmuddlcd tho i affairs of our neighbours. If wo re- member rightly, however, this used not to bo tho ^ground on which the Federation Act was opposed, after the Conference had como, to a quite unanimous- agreement. It was Sir John Uoiikiitson, wo think, who de- clared that there never could nnd never would be Federation until New South Wales took the lead, which she would be prepared to do, in the course of a very few years. Wo-» did not then hear of larger schemes of Federation. ' It was not then said tliat the Imperial Act, which to most persons' seems wide enough in its scope for all pur- poses, did not leave room for the full developmont of the ardours of New South Wales, but the objec- tion «as, that the whole thing was ' Victorian, and therefore, of courso, to be resisted by the Parettt Colony, whick still keeps up a most foolish jealousy. What1 is more, we, might have expected that l a man liko'Sir Henry Parkes, who is not at »11 troubled with 'modesty, ^vould' have showu in what way Fede ratjou would bo prevented by the pre- sent Act, a piece of work which, as far as we know, he has never so much as attempted, and is not at all disposed at the present time; to undertake. Wo do, indeed, remember that sundry ob- jections were made to the Act, but they wore conclusively shown to have been based on a mistake, and we remembor also that wo answered some objections in the Sydney Herald, which wo flatter ourselves that we disposed of effectively. At all events, we have heard of them no moro, and wo are now put off with certain vague generalities. The obvious answer to much that is snid is, that New South Wales should show us what she really does want. If she has, indeed, as we are often told, some great scheme in view, why does she not give it to the world ? All sorts of politicians, who are opposed to cadi other on all oc- casions and in regard to almost every subject, agree that there is a vast scheme of Federation, which cannot bo cramped by the narrow limits1"bf the Act, so that we must regard this scheme as belonging rather to the Colony than to any particular set of men. A thing so vast, yet so vague, so grai.d yet so in- tangible, is enough to overcome us like a summer's cloud, and with one special wonder too, but we should like to see it assume a more definite shape. We read recently a horrible tale, in which a Something used to pervade a young lady's apartment every night, until it frightened her to death, but she never could see or feel it, only sim knew that it was there, fixing on lier ej es that shone not, and tainting the air with breath that did not stir the lightest curl on that lady's cheek. This çhost is very much like the Now South Wales Federation scheme, only it has not yet frightened anybody to death. Nobody has seen it, nobody can seo ifc, no trace remains of its pre- sence, which is only felt by the extra- ordinary effect it produces on other- wise men of common-sense, but who, no I matter to , which side of'politics they belong, play strange antics when it is present, for it never appears. , The absurd position in which this subject of Federation' is at the present time in New South . Wales, shows the necessity of sone third power to con- solidate the ghost or banish it alto-' gether. ' If it is anything really tangible, if it is something of value to the other 'Colonies, there need bo ' no hesitation iii, letting thom know what it' is. > When the lines of j the Enabling Act wore Inid down, all the delegates were of opinion that they had gono as far as they could safely go, especially having regard to the laown jealousy of New South Wales of Victoria. Tt ifc now alleged that they did not go far enough. New South Wales desires wider scope. Her remedy is not far, to find ; she has but to let, her representatives at the London Conference dedare what will satisfy her wishes, and she will find that all the other Colonies will meet her at once. The subject does not come within the scope of the Conference as laid down, but, assuredly i, great good would be done if that Conference, or an ¡Australian committee of it, would deal, with this subject, and act ¡as ¡ arbiter between New South 'Wales and the other Colonies. Clearly, some tertium quid is required to morally coerce New South Wales, or to .declare that she has gained her case, in which lattei event the other Colonies would readily join her. At present New South Wales, as repre- sented by all political parties, assumes thei right to declare that she desires something bettervthan she has got, but takes particular care never to say what that something is. Wk publish in another part of tho I paper the names of the new Ministry, which were fairly well known before, so that they will take nobody by sur- prise. It is stated that the new men propose to strengthen their hands by taking in two more without portfolios, one in the Coun- cil ' and oiie ' iii. the , Assembly. Mr. PibMNGEtt is understood to be tho new one in tho Assomblyl but1 the reports as to tho member of the Coitu cil are premature,. oh Mr.'Citosuvjs. not at all likely to take oflico v ith tlio now team, and Mr.- DoDKitv occtt2)ios au official position. It would ho useless to attempt to disguiso tho fact, that the Ministry is not regarded as a strong one, or as one likely to last very long. Whether public opinion on this point is correct or not, we need not enquiro at the present time, but that it is as we have stated there is not a doubt. It appears also to bo certain that at least two of the Ministers will bo opposed, with till the power that the other side can bring to bear, a result of the tactics against which wo uttered so many warnings «hen feeling ran high, and there was a de- sire to win in any way. Those who have been preaching the many virtues of uncompromising party government for so lonç, and preach- ing it in language the reverse of truthful or polite, must not bo surprised if they find tho poisoned chalico commended to their own lips. For our own part, we may say that the whole business of party Government here appears to be a piece of arrant humbug and tomfoolery. Mr. Fhoude made many and inexcusable blunders, but on this point lie was right, for what can be more foolish than to sec a small community torn by factions between whom there is no moro difference than be- tween tweedle-dum and tweedle-dce. However, the fact remains ' that "party folly has had its run in one . direction, unchecked by ? any «faming voice from those who must have'seen tho folly, but who» cared not so long as thejr ends' were served, and they must not grumble if they lind that others can better their instruction, and improve upon their example. There is always a grim satisfaction in seeing the engineer hoi&t; with his own petard. However, we may say for our.sclves, that wc should like to seo the new mon have a fair trial, in order that they may show what is the basis of fact on which the enormous superstructure of profession rests, and if they aro able to do the work required, by all means, say we, let them do it. We are afraid, however, that they have carried matters so far ns that they will bo paid in the coin which they have passed current,'and though' wO shall regret the fact, wc cannot honestly say that we are much surprised at it, or that we aro disposed strongly to,condemn what is proposed to be done. The men now in power , chose their stylo of lighting, against ' the advice ot those who were their true friends, and'the style they must now abide by impugn it whoso list. Should they survive the ordeal, which itself is a blunder as applied to our affairs, as arc some other tilings which wo have ser vilely copied from thoBiitisk practice, we shall at least offer them no factious opposition. If they leave off the damnable faces which they used to make when on the Opposition side of the House, if they cease to vilify the Colony "in order to attack their opponents, wo shall give them all the aid in our power to accomplish the very neces- sary work of the country, and wc shall watch with curiosity tho sort of authors the critics will prove to be. If they spring forth armed at all points, like Athene from the head of Zeus, they will receive hearty help in all good things ; but if they should prove to bo naked and not ashamed, then it is ' more than probable that unpleasant remarles will be nnule about their nudity. They have an experienced leader, one who has faced tho foe many times, and who has won a reputation for himself, but who fell into bad ways of late, and prophesied what did not come to pass. Perhaps the chango has come at last, " and in to-day already walks to- morrow." Caulk News.-It lias been definitely de- cided that the forthcoming Conference in London »hall limit its dolibciations to dis- cussion of the following subjects :-Colonial defence, cable tcleguiphs, postal and re- ciprocal international and intercolonial law. The Marquis of Salisbury has avowed his decided opinion that England cannot leturn to a protective policy. The Prince of Wales has returned to London from Berlin and Lord Randolph Churchill has also come back from Algiers, whereof late he has been sojourning for tMo benefit of his health. Spain is still in the throes of a i evolutionary upheaval, and the discovery lins been made of a wide- spread conspiracy against the monarchy. Many anea tu have been made, and the authorities aro vigorously attempting to crush the rebellion. The London wool market is reported as lii-mer, and the arrivals have not yet reached tho limit fixed by the Importers' Committee. The wheat market is inactive, and Hour depressed. ' ANiVdAr, RKi'oiiTfi.-Included in tho first batch of îeports for 16SÜ that wc havu received from the Government Printer arc the following, of which wo give an outline of their contents. The St. Joseph's Orphanage 'alid Industrial School shows an expenditure of £02!) 7s. lid., with a debit balance of £1S lOsi Gd., caused by the high prieo of pro- visions und a falling oil' in the luimiiieiativo work of the institution, in consequence of til« number of cider girl» apprenticed. At the'ond of 18S5 thci c vi ero .'Ki girls in the institution, and at the end of last year ¡11, with an av crage for ,th« year of 39. Tho Girls' Training School Reformatory con- tinues to be well iimnagea. 'Hie expeiiM ture for the year was £389 14s. 8d., and tho amount earned by tho average 10 inmates was £32917s. ia., thus enabling, with the' aid of the Government allowance, an accumulation of £288 8s. Id, towards a building or reserve fund. The New Town Charitable Institution shows a. net coat for 188C of £8,901 5s. 8d. On January 1 there were 423 men and 184 women in the insti- tution, and during the' year 027 men and 178 women weir ndmitted. Tliere died during tho year 107 men lind 37 women, and! 47» mon and 147 women were dis- charged during »the sanie pnriod,' thus ex- hibiting a total increased number of inmates of 36. The costs of maintenance was 8fd. per diem per inmate, a slight decrease on tho pi «ceding year und corresponding with tho year 1883. The Invalid Depot, Launceston, shows a net expenditure for 18811'of £1,743 '8a. 7(1., or £1312s. 8Jd. per head per annum. On tho 1st of January thoie were 149 in- mates, and 140 were admitted during the year, while 147 were discharged and 29 died, leaving 113 at the end of the year. A FHENCII LtTKRAKY CliCB.-We llttVO received a little book containing an account of a French Literary Club which is being formed in Melbourne. Tho object is, to enable students of French to leam the lan guago in a really practical manner, by means of conversation, as they would if they went to France. Professor G. Le Boy has some excellent remarks on the teaching of languages. Such a club deserves to suc- ceed. Timber ron Tasmanian Government Railways.-We aro informed thut tendéis will'8hortly bo invited for timber requited in bridges, culvcits, etc., for Ulveistone, 'Green Ponds, Chudleigh, and Sorell lines, Details vvill shoitly appear in our odver tising columns. This will, no doubt, be a source of satisfaction to sawmill proprictois and(othora interested in our timber trade. 'The Government .Farm,-Theroi woie several visitors at tho Government farm yesterday, including Lady,(Hamilton and family, and'the ex-Minister of Lands and Works and ex-Chief Socretaty. ,} City Council -A meeting of tlio City Council wa« held yunto! day evening. A 'ropoit was brought up from a committee of tho whole council with lcfuiouco lo tho cele- bration of tho Queen's Jubilee. The com- mittee recommended that the Government should bo asked to proclaim Juno 21 ii genera! holiday ; that the Town ilallvlionhl bo illuminated, mid tim citizen» bo asked tri co-operate in a gcnoial illumination ; that > clock tower should be cioctcd at tho anglo of Mncijiiaiio-strcut and lîlizubuth street; and Unit the school childi en, fi ¡emily societies, and citizen« generally, should hu invited to tako part in thccoicmonics of tlio day, whatovor such ceremonies may ho, when decided on by tho connell. Tho re- port was ordered to Ho on thu table for a week. The scheme of work for the year was broujht up, and will ho considered at the ne\t meeting of the council. Alder- man Davies had two motions on tho paper. Tlio (¡ist referred to tho Health Committee, the question as to tho bust means of working the oarth closet system and tim other was to the effect that the samo committee should bo instructed to ascertain tho best means of draining tho city, Doth motions woro generally approved of and adopted. Alderman liait brought forward (lis motion in favour of reverting to the custom of muet ing at 4 p.m. instead of 7 p.m., and his pro- posal was ageed to after a very short discus- sion. The council adjourned at 10 30 p.m. Tim Defence Fouoe.-A parado of all brunches of tlio Defence Forco took place at the barracks last. night, under tho colonel commandant. There was a good muster of men,' no less than 251 of all ranks and arms being present,' nmdo up ub follows : Southern Tasmanian .Artillery, 45 ; Torpedo Corps, 30 ; Tasmanian Kiflu Regiment, 105 ; and Reservo 65. '1,'he men woro formed up in brigade order, and went through the various manouvres of inarching past ub a rehearsal of what will have to be dono at tlio ICastor encampment. , Tim whole of the movements were satlsfaotorily pciformed, the more so ub tho space in Uatrauk- Bquuro is very much cramped. Thu,unusually large number of men rendered tho move monts moro dillicutt than they would bo in tlie open field.. After tho conclusion of tho parado the great couts and capes woro served out to tho men. i This was the first occasion on which ' tho brigade' has been marched past in llurracli.En.uare Thu drill ^orders far tim encampment have not yet been issued, but thu mun will leave Hobin t by special train on Thuisduy evening, April 7, at 7 o'clock, for Newnham. Tue train will be shunted oil the Main .bine on to tho Scottsdale line, and will drop tho volunteers lit a point about 1,200yds. from the spot gcluctcd for tho encampment, which ¡h on Mr. F. W. Qriibb's propeity. ,During the time thoy ure in camp the Torpedo Corps will carry out a number of uxpeii mont* on tho liver mulei- Lieutenant. Mathieson, probably on Easter Monday, which will also be roviow day. This coi ps will muster in ' strong force. Colonel Commandant Legyo hail an intcrviow with His Excellency tlio Governor yesteiday morning, in which ,IIis Hxcolleucy, , in response to an invitation, taid it would givo him great pleasure to visit; the encampment. Tue Hduoation Department.-Tho sub i'ect of tho terms upon « hlcli State school iiiildings may be used for religious services has recently occupied tho attention of thu Premier, and, acting iipup the advice of the , Dire'ctoi' of Hducutioti', hu bus consonted to reduce tho amount chiirg. able for such usage fidin 2s. (iii. to Is. OJ. The department has recently imported from Kiigliiml a number of, iron' plates with 'the words "State School " enamelled upon them. There urn two bi/.os and twocolouis of these plutus to suit the different élusses of schools, mid they will be placed shoi tly on nearly ull tim schools throughout tho colony. Titi! Elkutios ok RoAu 'I'huhtkks.-Tho i Minister of Lands Just week addressed a circular to the chaiinicn of the various road trusts throughout the colony with reference to the election of jtrustecs, and enclosed copies of a memorandum picpared in the Attoincy-Uenoral's otlice te explain the piocccdings to bo obaervod at snell elec- tions. This action was rendered necessary to prevent a repetition of tho mistakes occasioned in the election of road ti ustccs owing to a confusion caused by tho leceut amoudment of tho Road Act. Tim Camnikm. Town Hospital.-The annual report from thu managing ttusteo of this institution to the Government shows 35 cases were treated in the hospital laut year, in one of which (louth resulted. The cost of maintenance was £.'115 1». .'Id , added to which £200 was paid for land. The plans and specifications of tho proposed new building, it was found, woi o for a design that was far too costly, while it »as also determined by the subscribers that a ward for iùfç/ctiotis cases was indispensable. ? Tho trustees wet o then empowered to havu plans, etc), prcparpd tor a building, not to oxeced in cost £1,000, and to seek tho advice of Dr. Smart. Chaiutaiii.1I All).-Tho lîov. J. \Y. Simmons, as chairman of the Executive Committee of the lîoiievolont Society in his minimi rcpoitto the Government upon the charitable aid in Hobart and suburbs ad- ministered by that society, states that there were 141 cases on the books at the end of lbSü, the aveiage ages of which wero: - Men, 75 ; women, SU. The cash allowances amounted to £830 4s. lid. and 4,1774 ia tiona were isiucd. The report continues. ".During the year there woi e 4!1 cases transferred from the Benevolent Society and from country districts. There weie also flSO paupers forwarded to the depot at Now Town. In this relation it is right to slate that on several occasions persons overtaken by poverty, and who have known bettor days, have asked for some special pi or ¡sion to bo made for their comfoi t. If, consistently with the older of the Institution, some classification could be mud« a very real favor would be bestowed upon the deserving poor. Tho number of persons totally blind is alBo a peculiarity calling foi- special attention.'« Tim Finis liitKiAiM-. Hoaww.-These boards have sent in their annual leports, which have been printed and issued by the Covern mont. In Hobart during 1SSÜ there were 10 fires and six alai ins, and the total expenditure was £111 ."ii., of which CIBS lOd. IJd. was contributed by the Government lo Insurance Companies and the corporation, tbo bala nee being obtained from oxpouses recovered in casés where fires oeciured in connection with uninsured properties, and from the salo of old .material. Tu Launceston there were 13 fires and M alarms, mid tho lota! nut ex- penditure on account of ISSU was £0C0 4s. 2d. ' ' IfAffrKit'CAKiM. - filing anil Co., the re- nowned American firm for the production of Easter, Christmas, und birthday cards, are again early to tho f? out with a host of at- tractive novelties. Their Australian agents, Messrs. Robert Jolley and Co.(/of Mel- bourne and Sydney, send us specimens of Easter cards, which for ohasteiiesH, ,aud variety of design, exquisite colouring, and perfect finish, ino' superior to tho great majority of these souvenirs, which at Easter tide ciowd the .widows of our bookshops, and find a] multitude of customers. Prang amil Co. claim j to produce the «rcatoHt Variety in point of number, and in design, of any house in the trade, and the work ranges ttuiu (.lie uruutf ' little gift carn up t/, fl«.' most elaborate designs mounted! iii1 satin plush and silk, or ,in imitation mounts of inaplo, walnut, oak, prsaliliwond veneer, by. a proceSB which tho finn has recently patented. Tho prices rungo from 24 cents to GOdol. per dozen. , . ' ? Oiutuaky.-Captain J. Shortfc, v:"'\ Meteorological Obsorver.., ?--- " r0.C0,v"°ftJ from the «!/?->' ""ice, War depattment, IWMsu States of America, a oiroular announcing the death of . Brovet. Major General W. 11. Huzon, chief signal officer of the army of tho United States. The circular contains the following!paragraph : -" As his activo colleague you ure aware of tho alacrity and earnestness » ith which he over furthered ¡such action as 'would add to tho scientific knowledge of the world, or tend to the solution of the great,unsettled problems of atmospheric' phenomena."' Accompanying the cirouhir is a copy of ii general order of tho i Hon. Secretary of War, expressing regret at the death of Chief Signal Officer Hazen, brietly reviewing his military careor from 1851 to the time of his death, January 16, 1887, and tejtifying to tho conscientious discharge of his duties, j LoNKOltn.-A coiicspondeiit wtitcs : "An accident happened to tho train from Deloraine to Launceston on Saturday morn- ing. Tlio pointsman at Westhill y, in sotnc way lost his footing, mid consequently the points became disaiiiuiged, and tho engine wa» thrown off tho rails. Beyond delaying both trains for about au horn und a half there was no clamago done.-A lad named Edward Ayton met with a sovoro accident while catching fouls in an old stable at his mother's resilience, Noi folk Plains, Fast," a" loose piece of timber fiom tho roof falling on lum; and breaking two ofhisiihs, besides injuring the tliigh-bone." Fingal Tuft!*'i Club-Nominations for the annual meet of this club, lived for 20th prox., closo with the socrataiy, Mr. "JL'lios. A. Fit/gorald, to-day. i I Unolaimfii TkliWiiamI-A' -message ad- dressed "B. iAHWhyto, JEsq.', I'"Hobart Club," now lies at the Telegraph Office awaiting an owner. Sui'iu.Mi: Court.-Tho Ci ¡minai Sittings of tho .Supremo Coutt will coiumonco at llohait this morning before Mr. Justico Adams. Thura aro M cases for trial, classi- fied us follows :-Murder, 1 ; manslaughter, 1 ; unlawfully wounding, 1 ; poijury, 3 ; indecent assault, 2 *, removing ptopeity with intent to defraud creditors, 1 ; arson, 2 ; luicuuy, I ; nhcupstcaliiig, 1 ; und falso pi clóneos, 1. TlioCliluf Justico will presido at the Civil Sessions in Launceston, which niau ooniniimoes to-duy ; und tho Criminal .Sessions will commence lu tho noitliein capital on Thursday. City Police Court.-At the City Police Court yesterday morning the bench was occupied by the Mayor (Alderman C. Har- bottle), and Alderman Amott. No fewer than four women were brought up and fined for drunkenness. Their names and penalties were :-Ida Clinton, 20s. 6d. or a month ; Maria Kirk, 10s. 6d. or 14 days ; Ellen Allen, 5s. or seven days; Mary Ann Walker, 10s. 6d. or 14 days. Thomas Nevin, for drunkenness and disorderly con- duct, was fined 10s, 6d. Thouius Burns, an old pulsieiMooking mun pleaded guilty to a charge of absconding from thu Charitable Institution, New Town, on Februury 8, It appeared that ho had been 15 times in the institution, and had absconded nevon timos. Ho was sentenced to one month's imprison mont. ' ' Pkohaths, Kto.-Tho following probates have buen issued :-Benjamin Gritliths to John Tidoy und Hdgar John Harri», £100 ; Graham 'Dixon to Mary Dixon, £382; Robort Jones to Rohuit John Jonus, Churlos Thomas Jones, William Jones, ,nnd George Henry Auber Jones, £9,800; and Walter Villen to Adelaide Vinon, £31. Lettors of administration have buen granted in the fol- lowing estates :-G'uorgo Host to Janies Best, £1,897; Altred Kniest Iliatten to James Brutton, £200'; mid lilias Sutcliffe to Surah Sutcliffe, £106. Legal.-Yustorday morning Mr. Cluud Septimus Clerk was duly admitted and enrolled a barrister, attorney, solicitor, and {iroctor of the Supreme Couit of Tasmania >y Mr. Justico-Adams sitting in chambers. Mr.Clerk has recently concluded his artiolos with Messrs. Klüston and Featherstone, and headed thu )Ut of successful candidates at tho examination held in January last. Hu continues in , tho office of Messrs, Kllistou anil Foal h ratone. , ? Concert -A grund umntclir conceit will ho given in thu Town Hull this' cvuning in aid of a library for tho hospital patients. His lixeellonoy thu (J o vernor and Lady 'Hamilton will be piesunt, mid the following ladies mid gentlemen will tako part : Mesdames Benson, Inn's, Giblin, Watchorn, Hargrave, Miss Bargh, and Messrs. Pauker, Watchorn, Henson, Pringle, and Windsor. A.r. F. A. Packer »111 act us conductor ; .Mrs. Hargrave as accompanist. Trapes Anniver.sary.--TIio third luiul vursaiy dinner of tho Moimi t brunell ol the Amalgamated Socioty of Curpcutct» ».id Joincis takes placu ,this evening, ut 8 o'clock', at the Doctor Syntax Hotel. Sundy Hay. Pleasure Tim'.--To-morrow tho s.s. Taranna will make a pleasure mid fishing trip to Brown's River, under the nusphu-s of. members of tlio Now 1'owu Wesleyun Church, leaving the Wharf at 2 p.m. I' Khm.hiuvkJuiiii.kk Rkoatta.-Tim pro- gramme of this event, u hiali cornea oil on Saturday afternoon next, uppears in another 'column. It comprise» nine rucea, the first .'starting at I o'clock, and the last at 4*30. Entries will be received between 8 and I)'.'10 p.m. to morrow, utCavey's Hotel, Bellerive. Tho pri/.es aggregate ncaily £120. MniiCANTir.K Rowiso Cuni.-A raco for members of this club will take place to moriow afternoon, starting ut 4*45 p.m. Thu contest will be for four tropbit«,,whieli tlie president (the Hoii. YV. H. IJurgess) pro scuts to the club annually. Entries close ut ,4'.'I0 p.m. day of race with Mr. Jenkinson. ? Intkkl'oloniai, Ek.-iit. - A committee meeting was held last night, Mr. II. J. Wiso piusiding. The minutes of the hist meeting woi cread and confirmed. The secretary, Mr. I". 11. Jenkinson, read cori-uspnndcnco from Mr. llios, secretary of the "N.S.W. Rowing Association, assuring on behalf of the Sydney men a hearty welcome to Tas- manian representatives, and also stating that the date of the ruco liad booti definitely fixed for Muy 28. An anawer has been re coived from His Excellency, Sir Roheit Humilton, according his support to tho movement, und enclosing a cheque to the funds. It will be satisfactory to the publio generally to* leariï that the last crew have satisfactorily settled the debt due to tho late Mr. I1'. J. V. Norman, and payment will be mude early next month, thring to au unfortunate disagt cement which exists between some of the leading oarsmen, ami also the illness of others, the committee have decided to ask the assistance of Northern oarsmen to join in the movement, as there is not at present any possibility of a Southern crew upholding the honour of Tasmania. The committee have been in communication with Mr. A. K. Sharland, but unfortunately he cannot tuke part in the race. I Carlton Footoai.l Cluii.-The annual general meeting of tho tiieiubers of this club was held at the Hobart Hull, Harrington street, lust evening. There was a good attendance of members, Mr. Clinch occupy- ing tile chuir. The secretary reid tho re poitand balance- sheet, which showed thu club to be ii- a flourishing condition finan- cially, a balance of £3 14s. 3d. remaining to thoir credit. Therepoit and balaneo- sheet as read wore adopted. The following olliccrs were then electod for the ensuing season : fiesidont, His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Chas, llarbottlc) ; captain, Mr. J. \V". Clinch (re-elected) ; vice-captain, Mr. H. Birchall ; lion, sec, Mr. A. Oldham ; bon. treiiHiiici-, Mr. f. Lovett. After other business of a routine nature bad been transacted the meeting terminated, with a voto of thanks to the chairman and retiring officers. UmosFootiiai.lCluh.-The first meet- ing . of thu newly formed Union Fuotbull Club wus held ut the Union Hotel lust night. Thurc were 33 present. After tim minutes of the meeting forming the club had been read and confirmed, the business of electing officers wus proceeded with. Mr. II. J. James was elected patron of the club, Mr. J.JIaylc president, Dr. Hardy and Messrs. J. C. .Davies, Noel White, W. H. Gracie, A. Lord, J. Russell, und Chas. Hock vice presidents, mid Mr. A. ' Nicholson captain. The election of vice-captain was postponed until after the first mutch' has been played. Mr.t Ibbotson was chosen secretary, Mr. West |treasurer, Messrs. *M. Fleury, W. Markham, J. Salter, W. liare, F. Hunt, and G. Lamb, with the captain, treasurer, andjscorctary, were elected the gcinoral com- mittee, mulMcssis. J.Salter, W.Harcand tho captain, tho Mutch Committee. It was resolved on the \ motion of Mr. D. West, seconded by Mr. I'aik, that tho colours of tho'club bo dark and light blue, and that thu cluh'joiij the Southern Tasmanian Foot- ball AsBiciation at once Out of the 38 present, tlioro were 20 who had joined tho club at its inaugural meeting, and 17 ¡new member« joined at this meeting, thus bring- ing tho strength of the club to 37 memhuis, , Oat** ok im End ok thu World.-Sir W, ! Thomson,! recently lecturing at the Royal Institution before a brilliant, fashiou ablo, and soiuntitio audience, sot foi th the Iufest sclciitilio' thcoiics concerning tho ptubablo origin,' total amount, »a,! poaniblo" duration of the sun's heat. After refer- ring to .the theory of Heimholt,! that' the sun ¡ was u vast globe gradually cooling, but as it cooled shrinking, and that tho shrmkago, which was tho effect of gravity SP0?,,?.'.8 lnaJ8.-kept up its tomperaturo, ' the i sun's heat was equal to""Vfl<-,ó**tW.u,if would be required to koop up 476,000 millions, of millions of millions of horse- power, or about 78,000 horso power for every square metro-a little more than a square, yard-and yet thu modern dynamical theory of heat shows that the sun's mass would require only to fall in or contract 35 piètres per aununi to keep up that tremendous energy. At this rate, the solar radius in 2,000 year's timo would be about ouo hundredth per cent. Kss than at present, <A time would come when the temperature would fall.'and it was thus inconceivable that the sun would continue to omit heat sufficient to sustain existing life on the globe for moro than 10,300,000 yeais. AppTyiug the same principles retrospectively, they could not suppose that the sun had existed for moro than 20,000,000 of years-no matter what might have buen its origin-whether it caine into existence fro.n the clash of woildspre-oxisting, or of diffused nebulous 'matter. There was a great clinging by geologists and biologists to vastly longer periods, but the physicist, ti eating it as a dynamic question with calculable elements, could como to no other conclusion mate nully different from what ho had stated. Sir W. ïhomson, who owed his knight- hood to tho slia'i o ho had in the laying of tho Atlantic cabio, is one of the most dis- tinguished physicists of our time. Populaily ho is best known for his ingenious theory of the" origin of lif o^on this planet, which ho set foi th in his inaugural address as Piusidout of tho British Association in lb7l. The vital gunn, fioin which all olso was evolved, might, lie suggested, have been brought to this world on an aerolito moili'cud by tho bicuù up of,another woild that hud hap- pened on a 'collision somevvhoro in space. ile ¡san L.L.D. of Dublin, Cambridge, and Edinburgh, and D.C.L. of Oxford, and F.R.S. of London and Edinburgh, und l'io lessor of Natural fhilosopliy in the Univor «¡ty of Glasgow. Althouirh most fanions for his discoveries and inventions in elec- trical Bciciico, hu bau been ptesldcnt of tho Geological Society of Glasgow. Ho ia now (¡3 years of age, having buen born in Holfust in 1824. Tho froastiror to (hu Raggod School Association thankfully acknowledges receipt of £10 from somo unknown friuud. Tho noxt qunrlor at tho Hutchins School commences on the 1st proximo. Tho annual gonoral mealing of the City Football Club takes place lit the Town Hull this evening. Thu Carrington Rink ro-opons on Friday ovoning next. ; 'u, A niuoling haï buuu convened at tho Rich- mond Council-chambers on Saturday nuxt, at 2*30 p.m., to discuss tho tahbltquostion. A temperance meeting will bo huid at tho Blue Ribbon Rooms, Mui-ray-stroot, on Thursday evening next, at which llishop Handford will preside. . Tho annual mooting of the Donvcnt Racing Club will hu hold this ovaniug at the Masonic Hall, coiiimunciiu; at 8 o'clock. ' Tho annual meoting of landowners lu the Plenty Rivor district to oloct two trustees »ill bo held on tho 9th prox., at Dry Crook. 