Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 1 WADDEE MUNDOOEE. By an Old Shepherd " Hum 1" said old Jaok," I'm getting rayther oldish, to be sure. Why its more nor fifty year ago Binoe I ran down Waddee Mundooee; more nor fifty year"—And the old man sighed as he dipped hia pannioan into the " post and rails" bnoket. We were Bitting in old Jaoka' hut on station on the Goolburn. He was a sort ol pensioned hand ol tho boss, haying been shepherd with the " old man" when he took up the country first o( alt, and never dreamed of the down|(days of free eeleotion and " oooky" farmers. All Jaok was supposed to do was to shoot orows, and trap an occasional rabbit. For this he .reoeiwed good lodging, atation (are, and as muotr tobaoco as he wanted—with an occasional ran into Moo roopna to "bnst np" a ompleof pounds among the publiaans. Jaok was in a oommunioathre mood this ovening. Perhaps this faot was, in some sort to be connected with the oiroumatanoe that I had propitiated him with a bottle of rum. I wanted to camp that night in Jack'ahut and had oomeprovided*with the most artful persuader I knew of. For if Jaok loved anything under the sky, it was a tot or two of good station rum—stuff, as he would say, that made your hair grow, and which most certainly skinned the throat of any novice swallowing a glass for the first time. " Waddee Mundooee," said I," take another tot Jaok. Who waa Waddee Mundooee? a queer name that." Jaok smiled with an air ol superior infor mation. " Ah I you never was in his oountry. He was a nigger was Waddee—and a tiger. A regular varment ol a blaok, though he did have a wooden leg." " A wooden leg Jaok ?" " Ah—a wooden leg. Ho had one shot off. But what o* that I He oould give any teller with two sound legs, the go by. He oied to take a bop, skip, and a jump with a long pole SB be bad, eboa with a Iron epjke. I've known him ran down a forrestcr—ves a big buck kangaroo. Talk of yer bioycleB, bah I Waddee oould ha' given em any amount ol etart." " Well, well, you surprise me. And you knew him, fifty years ago." " More nor fifty year ago/' said the old man impressively j " when this hero oountry warn't settled, and where tbere'a towns, and oities, and railways in New South Wales, was what you oall the back bloohs. I'm talkin' of tba time when the Qwydir oonDtry was took up by Keith CollinB and that lot. More than fifty year ago. Ah, well—time waits for none of ub mato"—and old Jaok took another dip in his ptnnicaD. " But this here Waddee Mundooee ns I was talkin' about was & real wussor. There was no tamin' of bim. Other blacks 'd oomo in and loaf around the stations, bat not Waddee. Ye see he'd sworn vengeanoe on the white feller. In tbo early times, an old oonviot hat keeper—mind yer, / wp.s never a lag: I wbb a soger, mote—he'd pisoned thirty or forty poor devils, as bad camped near Brennan's station on the Burdekin. Yes, they was a noosanoo no doubt, coming round the hat begging for a "plower" as they oalled it, and bacca. But to pison 'em off like dingoes was rather too strong. However, Bob Taylor one morning, bcin' in a devil's own temper mixes up a lot of arecnio and flour, and bakes a heap 'o johnny oakes, whioh ho gives to the gins as oame loafin' around. Before the son eet, as I've heard, there was over thirty men, gins, lubras, and piocaninnies lying dead on the banks of tbe oreek. Tbey say Bob watohed 'em aa they rolled about aforo thoy died soreaming and crying: and that he laughed and called it good fun. But mebbo that wasn't true. There was a bother about it, and Bob near got his kiok oil at Sydney, but a lawyer pulled bim through. Then be went baok to the station, for the boss was a tiger and quite baoked up old Bob in what he'd done. Ah I—"and here Jack paused and looked meditatively into the fire, " 1'vo seen some bloody work mato, among tha blaoks—seen 'em shot for sport, jest aa you'd pot a kangaroo; seen the lubras rounded up as you'd round up bullooks, and used as you may guess by young fellers as oalled 'emselves gentleman and Christians, and would ha' Boon o* thought of killing a whito man as of killing themselves. But blaoks was no ao count in their eves, and I once see amission* ary ohap run oil a station for saying that in Qod's eyes a black was as good as a white. They callod it blasphemy, they did, and gave the preaoher tbo run." However to get on with my yarn, when Bob the lag, pisoned the blaoks as I've told ye, he didn't know I fanoy, that they b'longed to Waddee Mundooeo'a tribo. If ho had, I think he'd ha' though twice, bccos Waadee was a terror. He never forgave an injury, and quite a number of shepherds and hut keepers had reason to know it. You may be aure then that he swore vengeanoe agin Bob. But Bob was pretty safe, for he was oook and hut-keeper at tbe homo station where thera was always a lot of hands, and where all niggers for miles around was kept off with1 the musket. But somo ot ns was sure that J sooner or later Waddee would nab Bob, and then—well Bob would get his gruel. " Well so it camo. One day Bob got hold of a bottle of rum and goes down to the oreek and Bets to work to finish it oil all by him self. Ho didn't turn up at suppor time, and the chaps went out to look for him, and found him. He was a sight. There waB a Btiok wedged in Ibis mouth, his eyes was gouged out; his two hands was ohopped oil and his legs was broke with blows of a toma hawk, He was alive and that's all, and all he was able to whisper was, " Waddee Mun dooee." Then ho oroked. " Well nobody was over and above fond of old Bob. He was a early savage sort o' ohap, and that pisoning sort of business wasn't gen'rally relished by the ohaps. But if tbey didn't like Bob they wasn't a bit took with Waddee Mundooee. . Boon as they'd put the old man in his grave, half a dozen of the hands on horseback and well armed, went out to find Mr. Waddee, and Bettlo bis business. They took up bis tracks easy —they were traoks you couldn't make no mistake about—Waddee having only one foot, and a long polo serving for the other. Yes, there was no mistaking Waddee's tracks, even without a black boy to mark 'em, whioh they had—a Moreton Bay boy, as was stook-riding on the station. They ran down tho traoks to a chain of waterholes, and through somo dry swamp land on t'other side. They followed 'em up to tho footof a mountain ridge whioh ran up sheer with rooks three hundred feet high. Here tho blaokboy brought up. Ho jumped down from his horse, and looked on the ground; then he ran up to tbe faoo of tho rook, and with eyes starting from his head, stared at it, smelt it, and shuddered. "Baal tbnt feller Waddee Mundooee, man. No fear debbil, debbil. See him go along up' all same snake, and the boy pointed to a narrow ridge suoh as a possum oould hardly olimb up. The chaps followed this track with their eyeB. "Hi I—there him—all along stand on top look out." And the boy ran right under the rook. . " At the same moment a spear, launched from above, was driven through the arm ot one of the men. "There was a souttle to get out of range. I believe that moat there had somo bankerin' belief that Waddee was a sort o' devil, He'd done suoh rum things, and oould travel bo fast, that he'd be hoard of almost in one place aa soon as another, that the yarns ot the black boys about him being a " debbil debbil" was somehow believed oy a lot of station hands. Anyway, these ohaps ran out of range, and then turned to look at tbe old ohap as he stood on top of the rook, on one leg, and leaning on his staff, while in his left hand he held two or three spears. " Try him with a shot," says the wounded man. " Dash him I he's settled my arm—" They bad run tbe spear throngh and ban daged up the wound, but tho ohap felt the ain so great, that he made sure he was ound to lose his arm. "Well—so they told me—they shot at Waddee until all their powder and bullets was gone. No one oould hit the old ohap, who gammoned to cateh tbe balls, and danoed, and yelled a hurrioano. I expect they was out o* range, although none of 'em would ever allow that. They all had it, that the old ohap was what they icall invulnerble, and that no bullet 'oept a silver one, 'd ever oook Waddee Mundooee. " Howsoever, Waddee was no more invul nerble than I am. Some years after this I wbb searching some sorub land on the Bur nett for some sheep as I'd missed when the dogs began to bark in a way as I knew didn't mean they'd found the sheep. I fol. lets up carefully, and, sudden like, oomes on an old wnrley set up agin a big box tree. And there, lying on a ragged 'possum rug, was my noble Waddee Mundooee. But there wasn't nothin' to fear from him now. He was oome to his last. As he looked np at me, a fire like, oame in his eyes, and he made a move for hiB waddy; but he knew it was no good, and ho olosed his eyes and jabbera something in hiB own lingo. He wm thin and wasted like, and I guessed he was starved. I stoops down andlifta him np. and I reokon he thought I was goin' to finish him—he glared defiant .like. And when I pours a mouthful of oold tea, as I had in a billy, down his throat, he looked real as tonished, and muttered something. .." By-and-bye I got the poor devil round a bit. I lit a fire, whioh seemed to frighten him, but I told him in broken blaok ""gn that thera wasn't nobody near. Then I made him some hot tea, and gav* him a taste o' damper sod a bit o' salt mutton I bad along with me. And while he ate—he was starr ing—be looks at me as i! he ooaldo't take it in as a reality, anyhow. "Well I found that the poor beggar was eat up with rheumatics. He was old t00i and as I examined bis poor old caroaB, I found a« many wound marks on it as there was dirt. He smiled when I looked at a great soar on bis breast. "Big feller white man—plenty"—and he madeasignof striking. "Mc kill him all same," and he laughed. I thought to myself tbat arter all this old ohap was only aotin' according to his lights, as the parsons my. Any bow I could see no more harm in his spearin' whitejmen than white men shooting black. You bco I'd been a soger and in the army one learns to look at thingB different like. " Well I did what I could for tbe poor old heathen. My hut wasn't over two miles away and i generally managed to get over to see Waddee two or tbree times a week. I got Bome turpentine from tho home station, and rubbed bis rheumatio legs, and he got about a little. But I saw bis timo was about oome, and bo knew it too. I tell ye it used to mako mo feel soft like, as ho sat crooning over tbe little fire, and thinking I dare say, of the gay old times when be was strong and hearty. " White feller," said ho to mo one day,turn irtg bis dark eyes upon mo, (jest like coals of lire they was). " Two days "—he held up two fingers — " Waddee Mundooce go up along a there," pointing to the sky. " You good feller. Some day, mo jump up along wbito man, oome along a you." "All right, Waddee," says I, "I shall be glad to see you." Ho went on.— "Along a oreok you go for Waddee Mun dooee," said he, soft like. " Good feller you. Como along thirty milo, blaok feller's camp sit down. You tell 'em Waddee all along die, Show 'em this. They come take away this," and he glanced at his shrivelled old body. "You go—please?" and 1 couldn't say no. I loft him right away, and gots on my horse, and yards the sheop, and leaves tbe dogs, and away I went. I know whereabouts tho oamp was, but I shouldn't ha' ventured into it if Waddee hadn't given me his old Btaff. And sure enough when I rodo in and showed this, they all seemed to understand, and the old women and lubras began to croon their death Sonne. When I'd delivered my message I went back to my but. Nest afternoon a runner came from Waddee to say he wanted to see me. I goes down, and there was the old oh/ip propped up, dressed out in some black's fixings, his spears and weapons around him, and his feller countrymen seated in a olrole. When he Baw me, he smiled. I bent down. He took my hand, pressed it weak like agin his Foarred breast, and says he,— " Carbon good feller—this. Good teller, white feller—some time jump up along—" And then, blest i( he didn't die oil suddont with his eyes fixed, like a dog's, on me." Old Jack paused here to refresh himself. Then ho began to smoke violently. " That's all then, Jack," said I. " Yes, that's all. It ain't much of a yarn, but it goes to show, don't it, that tbo devil's not so blaok as he's painted? It's time to turn in." 1 Three Very Old Stories.—At a reception to Rav. Dr. Seward, in New Britain, Oonn,, recently, reminsconoea were in order. It was Bftid that Dr. Seward insisted, when appointed pastor in 1836, that ho should cot bo oalled upon (or more than two publio services oaoh Sunday; that one member of the ohnroh shortly afterward prayed that the pastor would receive grace to preaoh in the morning and afternoon, and, "if his strength held oat he might continue in the evening." Dr. Seward told of reoeiving a bushel of turnips once for marrying a couple, and some years later the bridegroom appeared and passed out £2 10s. saying— " My wife has turned out so well that I feel justified in this expenditure." A man once oame into a ohuroh late, and started, with squeaky boots, to walk the whole length of a ride gallery, when an ex change pastor stoppod suddenly in his prayer, opened his eyes, and, pointing a long finger At the disturber, said,— "You sit down right where you are 1" He then went on and finished his prayer. Useful Dogs.—The British Government has deoided to remit the tax on dogs employed on the south coast of devon. These animals perform the novel work of oatohing hold of a rope thrown from flBhetnen's boats. They bring it ashore, and the people who are waiting there are able to haul in the boat through the surf. The rooky ooaBt prevents fishermen from pulling the boat BBhore with out the dogs, who have to be trained to the work, whioh is extremely risky.' The world, if ever it is to be roformed by men and through men, oan only be bo by the personal intercourse of living men, living epistles, not dead ones. Love, meekness, kindness, forbearance, and unselfishness, manifested in human Bonis ottering them selves by word, look, and deed ean alone re* generate men. The True Story of Jim. We had laid up that night on the Platte River. Mr. Colby, the Sheriff, o! Ampahe County, had oome down to Chuff's ranob in search of jurors, aod, seeing a party of Eastern tourists oamped near by, had walked over to make our aoquaintanoe. He was bo fresh and breezy and withal, so genial and gentlemanly, he had such an air of being master of the eituation and himself that wo were all of us glad when he accepted our commissary's invitation to remain and sup with us. After tea wo gaily assembled around the roaring oamp fire, and for awhile wit and laughter winged the happy time. But, bb the twilight deepened, the gusty talk blew over, eilenoe fell upon us with the night. Our shepherd, for onoe unmindful of the tender lambs he had led forth into the wilderness, was seated astride a waggon tongue, pensively greasing his boots. The commissary bad folded the map of Colorado, and, dumb as a door nail, had slid himself down from the bumpy log, on whioh he had been for some time a restless sufferer. Even Philomel, the ■oul and geniua of our party, had, for a sea son, turned the key upon wit and song. Graoefully throned on ner hand-trunk, she watohed, in Bilenoe, the bright and happy Hparks that dancod a carmagnole as thoyroBo, gbt-footed, from the orange flames. All wab quiet upon the Platte; the tongues of the waggons were not more silent than ours. The Sheriff of Araphoe was the first to break tho spell. " I startod in to tell you," he said, " the true story of Jim while we were at supper, but I struck a snag in tho ehapa of anapjaok and didn't get on with it." " It's not too late for it yet," said the com miseary. "Well," continued Mr. Colby, "twenty mn ago I was stopping at Hird-up, Gal., trying to dig my fortune ont of a mine there. In the town was a one-horse lawyer named Bmith Johnson, who was about the biggest sot In all the diggin's round. And Smith hft& a son named Jim—a red-haired, freokled taoe little 10-year old aoamp who was the terror of all the hen roosts and gardens in the town. The way I won Jim's heart waa this. I had a water-melon patoh that waa, if you'll forgive the figure, the apple ot my eye. One evening I walked forth into mj garden to view it, and what should I see Tn the middle of it but that skeesics, Jim, letting into one of my water melons aa lively aa a mole. Up I oame in the teat and gathered ap Jim by the waist band, whereat, finding hit little game waa blooked, be eommeiiMd to wriggle tad howl. " * Let me go,' said he. 11 won't oome here no more. Please let me go, Mr. Oolbr.' "' Oh, you young scamp,' said I. ' I've got yon now *nd I think I'll keep you. I Dad it's very safe to punish these bad boys that are bo ready to bo good whon they're caught. Do yoa know what I'm going to do with yon?' eald I, giving him a float shako and letting him op on his pins. ' I'm going to send yoa to jail.' "' Oh, pleaso, Mr. Oolby, give mo a whippin' an' let me go.' "' No, I havon't any right to whip you, 1% - vmi to •"no.! un*ou v ww/ *°7 , • ~ but I'm obliged by tho law to send voui to jail, and I oan tell you a jail is on awful place. There's rats there I' "• Oli-o,' groaned Jim. " • And sometimes in the night they gnaw off your toes.' ... •" Please, Mr, Colby,' whined Jim. " ' And your nose,' said I, ' and you have to go to bed without any candle, ana you can't play poker, ond thoy do say that the ghosts of the people that were there before and got hung for stealing watermelons oomo back at midnight and rnaUo a dreadful noise. Ob, I oan tell you, it'a no fun to go to fall.' " Well 1 after I hod chaffed tho littlo scamp long enough, I gave him a sermon on tho moral law and let him go with nothing worse than fright, but, after that, strange to soy, Jim and I w-jro cheek by jowl. " S jrae timo after thn watermelon iraoas, continued Mr. Colby, " I was going up tho gulch to Soooptown when I eaw, on the Bide of tho hill, tho tracks of tho Vigilenco Com. mittee. Tbey were threo road ogentB that had been tried ond hung the day beforo ana left suspended from tho bronoh of a tree to Rtriko terror into tho heart of ovil °oerp. Well, thero was u mob of boya round this monument of jnstiec, ami they wcro divert ing themselves with running down the hill and swinging tho luckless road agents to tho breezo. Jim was just receiving the cheers of tho crowd for sending his man up to tho branches, where ho had lodged a minute be fore ho came down, when he spied mo in tho road and came to meet me. »' Yer see, Mr. Colby,' he began, in a rather deprcoatory voioo,' I didn't too no use in them threo thieves loai'in' on that branoh without being any ubo to thomsolves nor no body else, so I just Bot thom up in buaineBB. And now I've oomo down to oak whothor you've saw an old whisky barrel on legs about bore.'" ■ "'A whisky barrel? said I. 'Why,no, Jim. What do you moan ?" " 1 Oh, I mean tho old 'un, of courso. He B gettin' most uncommon bad lately.' 11 Jim,' said I, ' did you never hoar about honoring your father ?' '"Honor that old sardine! He I hoi llsallv an* aotnally now that's a good 'un. You'd bavo sommerpetted out o' yer Bkin to have seen that old ooon last night. I oomo home, goin' on to 11, when ho hoered some, thin' rattlin 'round, an' ho m up,and when ho seed mo, ono leg out and ono Vleg in, he says, says he, 'Jim, whar've you been?' an' I says, says I, ' I've been down to the Silver Tooth.' " 'Then,' says he, 'an' what was you doin' thar?' •"I was playin' a little game of poker,' said I. " " 1 Did you make anythin', Jim ?' says he. "•Yes, sir,' says I. 'I won three poundB.' Then there oomo a big thaw in his voico, an' he says, eayn he, (meltin' like), 1 JameB Madison, my son, taVe that Mm jug that's at the head of this bed and step right round to old Shorty's and git me a gallon of fust-olass benzine,' says he. " 'But I lost it all agin, father,' says I. " Well, sir, he rared up in bed, an' says he. " Yoa little scamp, ef I catoh you ronnd to the Silver Tooth agin I'll take tho hido an' hair off yer, Hain't you got nothin' better to do than to spend your poor old father's laBt red a-gamblin'an' diegraoin' of yer family?' says he, bustin' out crying' like as though he'd jest buried his demijohn. At this point in his narrative Mr. Colby, paused. "The sequel I" oried Philomol. " Let's hear how Jim wound up. " I left Hard-up," resumed Mr. Colby, " about two years after I first met Jim. Three years later 1 happened to be in Virginia City, and one day while there, as I was ooming out of the barber's shop, who should walk up but Jim himself.1 Why, Jim,'said 1,1 where'd you oomo from? and where'd you get all those good clothes?' " 1 Them olothes,'.said Jim, 'why I did a merohant tailor out o' them olothes, I oharged 'em to the old man. That's a good nn, ain't it ? I wouldn't have done it, though, if I hadn't oome out as a reformed individual, and it was positively neoeasary to get some re> formed toggery.' " How did you got reformed, Jim?' said I. " Well, you see, Mr. Oolby, father and I - oome over here about two yoara ago, and as soon as I oome I took hold of a lot of boys here who didn't havo nobody to teaoh 'em to be as bad as tbey wanted to be, an' I thought it was a pity to see so muoh talent going to waste, bo I organised 'em into a gang of theives. Well, sir, I oan tell you we did a pretty lively business, but one Sunday Bishop Tattle was runnin' the 'Pisoopal outfit in that meetin' house over there, and I jist thought I'd go in. Now I couldn't tell yer, to savo my skin, what he said to the orowd. (Beloved brethren he oalled 'em), but, by iing, when I oome out I just set down on a dry goods box and I begun to turn things.over in my mind, an' I says to myself: ' The way you are goin1 on, Jim.you'll bo in tho penitentiary beforo you're a man; you'll just havo to turn in an' reform.' So I wont an' got these here olothes an'now I'm printing for my livin' in the En terprise oflloe. Do you think, Mr. Oolby, if a boy like me turned square 'round he oould do any good?" "' Jim,' I said,' a boy like you oan do what he pleases.' Well, 1 talked to him a long while, and whon wo parted the mist that had been gathering in his eyes fell down in rain. I havo never seen Jim sinoe, but last winter I read in a Nevada paper that tbe Hon. James Madieon Johnson had been elected Speaker of the Houao of Bepresontatives. A Mere Accident.—In s'earbhing lot gold in the mining regions, men sometimes tint months and months before they find gold in any quantity. They find just enough to make them hope that next day, or week, or month, they will find enough to make them woalthy. Often it ie the' merest aooi dent that makes the gold visible. One of tho Western papers giveB an aaooiitit of the way in whioh the proprietor dlsbovered the gold where the mining oamp Esmeralda ia now located. The vein is what the miners oall " a blind ledgethat is, there is nothing on on the surfaoe of the ground to lead one to think that gold was beneath ihe surfaoo. Ono day the prospeotor saw a maes of decomposed quartz mingled with somo dirt that had boen soratohod out by ground-squirrels whon dig ging holes in the side of the hill. He ex amined tho quartz oarofully, and deoidod to follow the holes dug by the squrrol. Ho found the vein, and now a rioh mining oamp is looated where the (quirrela dug tho holoa showing the way to tho gold. y. Her Social Position-—The Roman woman is thought to havo reooived muoh training, in tho first two centuries, through the great number of seorct societies existing. The burial inscriptions show that sho bore an important part in these, and ovon held oflloe in some of the munioipalitios. Hor moral oharaotor at this time, howovor, did not stand very high, if we may tiust tho hiB. torians and satirists. 