COROWAPROGRESS COMMITTEE. The Corowa Progress Committee met in the School of Arts on Tuesday after noon. Mr. T. Bray presided, and there wore also present Messrs. J: Simpson, P. K, Ritchie, G. Leapord, O. Johnson, J. Cams, and F. O. Piggin, hon. see. CORRESPONDENCE. After tho confirmation of the minutes and outward correspondence, the secre tary read a large number of letters from .Messrs, Hayes and Lyne, Me.LA., and .various publio departments, on the sub ject of looal works. The correspondence was received. ' " , general business. Mr. F, C. Piggin said that hs had not .thought it necessary to present any, statement in conneotiori with the_ recep- ,tion of Messrs. Lyne and Hayes in No vember IsBt, He thought the usual thing had been done. The committee had apent all the money they could get (laughter), and the next thing was to raise some more. Mr. Cams had very, kindly reduced his bill by some £2, and he thought their funds would about meet their liabilities, _ On the motion of "Mr. P. K.. Ritchie, seconded by Mr. J. Simpson, the action of tho secretary and reception committee was approved. THE nUME ELECTION. \- Mr. F. C. Piggin said this meeting had been called chiefly to give members an opportunity of making any suggestions they thought fit with reference to the coming election. If they thought it ne cessary to toko any action there was very little time to lose. Tho Chairman asked whether there was likely to be nay opposition. MV PimrSn aiirl lia nnnlfl fnrm nn idea on the subject. Mr. P. K. Ritchie — Thero ia vary littlo probability of a contest ; another candidate wouldn't have a ghost of a ahow. Tho Chairmain thought they could do nothing so far as the election was concorned. Tho Progress Committee was not a political body, and its mem bers wero perfectly free to act ns their own judgment directed. Mr. Piggin — Mast undoubtedly. After some general conversation the subject dropped. the proposed hospital. Mr. Piggin referred to tho project for the establishment of n hospital in Corowa. The mattor had come before tho Progress Committee a good many times, and ho certainly thought they ought to stick to it. If they had a site available he did not think thero wonld bo any difficulty in raising funds for the building. It had beon suggested to him that tho committee might ask Mr. Lindsay Brown to donate a site. As the Scripture told them, "Ask and ye shall receive'." (Laughter). Mr. Corns thonght that Mr. Brown 'asked a high price for his township allotments — £60 for a frontage block and £40 for a back lot. Mr. Piggin — My friond, . you can't get- , anything cheaper than nothing. (Laughter). The Chairman — Is there any proba bility of the Government resuming a site! Mr. Piggin— Twelve monthB ago the Government offered ub a Bite in Corowa proper. I got a letter from a gentle men offering if I would entertain him to eeleot a site for ub. I wrote back and told him that I Bhould be most happy to entertain him, but that I could show, him a much better site from my own front door without, going to the trouble of' driving him three miles. He never replied to that letter. In foot he treated me with — Mr. Ritchie — Silent contempt; (Laughter). On the motion , of Mr. Johnson, se conded by Mr. Cains, the -secretary was instructed to ask Mr. Lindsay Brown to donate a suitable site. THE OHUBOH HILL. Mr, Cares suggested that the main road, at the back of St. John's and St. Mary's. Churches, should be formed, as at present all the drainage water ran down the hill past the churches, proving a great nuisance to the congregation. , Mr. Simpson submitted that it did a person good to get a fall on a wet night. (Laughter). Mr. Piggin said that the Govern ment could offer no objection to form ing a main road. On the motion of Mr. Cams, seconded by Mr. Johnson, the secretary was in structed to write to Mr.- E. B. Smijth on the subject.. Tho meeting was then adjourned. , 