,_ A SIEGE BABY. 'J tí BY THE AUTHOR OF " BOTTLES BABY,' &c.; &c.; CHAPTER I. In the merry month of May, 1857, three bright faced girls were sitting very close together in the morning room of an English country house. They were very busy, stitching as if for dear life, for their work was destined to begin a long journey before another week had gone by, a journey to the shining East, whither another daughter of the house had gone as a bride a little more than a year previously. It was very fine and dainty work with which they were occupied ; Maud was putting the finishing touches to a gown made of flimsy cambric and delicate lace, tucked and embroidered until my brain aches to think of it, a gown with a very long skirt and a very small body j while on the other side of the window Grace was just finishing a little shirt, which in size was a match for the body of the gown; and Kate was putting a beautiful patch of silk embroidery on the corner of an article, which I am told is called a head- flannel. Up stairs, a large box was already packed and awaiting these and some few other additions to its contents ere it set off on its travels-and over in Muttrapore, the object of all this affectionate forethought was just beginning to eat her dinner. She was quite a girl, and very pretty, with fair hair hanging in soft curls on either side of her round young cheeks and very blue serene eyes. She was wearing a muslin gown of a pale pink colour, with white lace about the slightly opened throat and within the wide sleeves. She ate her soup in silence, which was not broken by her husband on the other side of the round table. Twice she looked at him in wonder, as if it was an unusual thing for him to be so quiet. , Is anything the matter, Charlie ? ' she asked at last. He looked up with a start. Oh! No, my darling; what made you ask ; ' Nothing, only that you have been so long without saying anything,' she answered. I'm tired, that's all,' he said. But he said it with an effort, which did not escape a pair of glittering black eyes which were watching his every movement and expression. What have you been doing to day ? ' 1 Lady Marjory came over just after you went this morning and brought the baby. Such a dear little thing, and takes notice already, Charlie. Yes, it does indeed, for it opened its eyes and fairly laughed at me.' ' You don't say so, he said, with a very fair show of interest. And how is Lady Marjory?' Oh ! wonderfully well. Andy Charlie, she declares that there is no such blessing in India as to have a baby-it gives one such an occupation. I ' with a blush and a downward took 4 shall be very glad when September comes.' And,' said he heartily. ' And I had letters from the girls too. The box is to start about the middle of this month. And it will contain everything I can possibly need for-for September.' 6 That's awfully good of them.' " Yes, isn't it And poor Maud' says it is so hard not to have the baby there You know I told them I should send a portrait home as soon as possible, but Maud says what's the good of a piece of glass, with a sort of ghost unit that won't 'walk' unless you look at it sideways She paused, expecting he would laugh at the little joke, but no, he was silent as the grave and as grave as a judge. Charlie, I'm sure something the matter, she declared positively. He looked up quickly and answered promptly enough, ' Nothing, my dearest, you are very fanciful to-night. I am tired and hungry, that is all. Don't mind me at all, but tell me the home news.' Nothing the matter ! Perhaps not and yet an hour later he asked her to play a game of draughts with him, and then keeping his eyes fixed upon the closed door, he took her hand and said in a very low voice, Eva, can you hear some news in silence ? ' ' News ! ' with a startled air, yet in a whisper, just as he had spoken. Yes, in silence and without a sound ? ' 'I think lean,' she said confidently. He held her hand yet tighter with- in his Call up the heart, of your ancestors,' he said with a sad smile, then leant forward and whispered in her ear, ' It is come at last they have risen at Meerut.' Mrs. Mordaunt half rose from her chair, then remembered herself and sat down again ; she looked up into her husband 's face with eyes full of bright and put her disengaged trembling hand into his Risen,' she repeated. ' Oh ! Charlie, what will it mean for us ? ' ' My darling, I cannot say, only I wish I had died before I brought you i mt here, I wished I had died first.' ' Oh, no- no I don't. I daresay we shall be safe enough. As Lady Marjory says, it's not as if we were in a native regiment. We might be un- easy then,' reassuringly. Did she say that?' Mrs. Mordaunt nodded in reply. When ? ' he asked. ' This morning ' ' What aloud ? ' anxiously. ' Oh ! yes. I couldn't get her to stop. She paraded about the room and laughed the whole idea of a rising to scorn-said she would believe it when it had come and not before. " It's common sense," she cried, " that such a thing couldn't be. Why should anybody want to mutiny, or at least to massacre us ? If-but it's absurd," she said " what man on earth could want to harm two poor inoffensive little women like you and me? It's absurd on the very face of it.' " Little fooll'Bdid Mordaunt contemptuously There was a slight noise at the door and instantly their hands parted, and moved back to the position for playing the g one to which they were supposed, to be interested. s Your move,' said Mordaunt. (jpSo she moved a piece-at random, and her husband followed her and so they played on in silence until the servant who had brought in coffee left. them alone again, of a"' Cb 'P bu till the ' I wish you were at home, Eva,' he burst out in a whisper of agony. ' So do I with you,' she whispered back. ' With or without me-if only you were safe. If only I could get you away into peace and safety. It will come to us before long, and even if you are safe, I am afraid for the effects of excitement upon you just now. Oh ! if could only take you home.' She shook her head sadly. ' No use, Charlie, in wishing it. I am here, and must stop here. I am not the least afraid, though your he was start led me for a moment. Besides, a good deal my happen before September, you know, all this trouble may be smoothed over and done away with long before then.' Yes, that is true that is true. What a pluck my darling has 1 ' Your darling loves you,' she said, very softly, and God will do all the rest !' CHAPTER II. They were heavy and anxious days which followed the arrival at But the pose of the news of the outbreak at Meerut. And. they were days of silence silence so carefully observed that men conveyed meaning by looks, and made the centre of the deserted barrack-square their place for discuss- ing the times when discussion was absolutely necessary that the wives kept away from each other's houses lest they should betray their anxiety and fear; that morning-rides and evening band were the only entertainments which kept up a semblance that all was well. In the entire station there were but two Europeans who were not impressed by the gravity of the dangers which surrounded them and which each hour drew nearer and nearer to them. Those two were Jack Farquhar, of the Black Horse, and his lovely little wife, Lady Marjory. But their careless indifference to danger did not last long. For a week or two they went on as gaily and as unconcernedly as if they were spend- ing a winter in Cannes, for a season in town ; openly laughing at the fanatical hatred of the natives of the rule of the Feringhee as if it was a joke; acting like a pair of fools, as every one said, because she, poor little soul was so proud of his stalwart size and strong arm and he so proud of his little wife's pluck and courage. And then-ah me ! it makes the bright spring day seem dark as I write about it there came an awful night, when the smouldering fires of hatred and discontent needing but a breath to fan them into flames whose lurid glare would light the whole world with horror, burst out into life and fury, so that the very gates of hell seemed to be flung open upon the handful of British soldiers and residents and the first to fall before that cruel wave of murder was the one who had feared it least-Lady Marjory Farquhar. Her death was the first outrage, but alas, it was not the last. Oh! they were fearful times times when men stood shoulder to shoulder, hand to hand, foot to foot, ready and anxious to dare all for the sweet wives they had brought into a land of exile and for the tender babes who were their nearest and dearest upon all the earth. The garrison was very weak, for part of the regiment-not at that time up to its full strength owing to sickness among both officers and men had been sent off to succour a still more weak and defenceless station nearer to Meerut by ten or twelve miles, and at which there seemed every probability of a rising earlier than at Mut trapeze. Still the men were desperate and the women were brave, and they hold their own and fought for their lives with an obstinate passionate strength which any Eastern enemy would have found irresistible had it not been for the aid and help of another foe (more silent than English caution, more insidious than the work of an eastern mine-layer, more powerful in its relentless selection than he who won for himself a reputation stained crimson with the blood of helpless woman and innocent babies, whose name will be uttered with accents of execration and loathing us long as the English language lasts and is spoken Nana Sahib, Rajah of Bithoor) the silent, insidious, relent- less enemy which we call " Pestilence." It thinned the ranks of that devoted hand-taking a strong man here, a brave nurse there, or a little child unable to fight against these sudden hardships and privations until they stood no longer shoulder to shoulder, no nor yet even within touch of one another, and yet they fought on, on until " stormed at by shot and shell, they could hold their shattered and blazing defences no longer and found themselves with no course open to them save to make a dash for the open and try to reach the rest of their comrades at the station ten miles in the direction of Meerut. Up to this point Mordaunt's courage had not forsaken him, nor yet his hopes. His wife had borne the horrors, terrors, and privations of a close siege better than might reasonably have been expected, all things being considered ; but when it came to an attempt to get ten miles across such a country through the very heart of the rebel army-why he just set down and hid his face in his hands and wished to God that he had died before ever he was born. Still even such a wish as that did not help him or her the least ; there was no other course for them to make the attempt had to be made and they must make it with the rest. But oh ! how the man dreaded it, it would be hard to say, and it was in vain that his wife roused all her scanty stock of failing courage, and bade him cheer up and hope for the best. Don't worry so, Charlie, she said, a few hours before the start was made. "I think it will be all right, I think we shall get there. After all, it's only ten miles; and after all, what is ten miles? A mere nothing "I've walked twenty many a time." ' But not now,' he said in a tone of anguish and never in an Indian jungle.' ' Perhaps it won't be all jungle, Charlie,' she suggested. 'No-,', he was going to say ' Perhaps some of it will be swamp,' but he spoke the words off just in time. If I could only carry you, all the way there, my darling,' he cried. * We'll see what you can do if I be the rej get very tired, Charlie the said gently, with which he was compelled for the the time to be content. About an hour after this, while with all his comrades were watching anxious for the thick darkness which would permit their flight from behind their defences, he felt a light touch upon his arm, and turning quickly, saw the dark face and gleaming eyes of his bearer, by name Majid. ' What is it of he asked, his thoughts flying to his wife at once. ' Is any thing wrong? Does the Mem-Sahib wish for me ?' 'No, Sahib,' the man answered the Mem-Sahib is sleeping peacefully but I wanted a word with you, Sahib.' a Well of ' I have been arranging a way of resting the Mem Sahib, if she grows very tired,' he explained, and then displayed a light hammock secured at the ends by stout ropes, one of which he passed over his shoulders, handing the other to his master. If I take one rope and you the other, Sahib, it will make it much easier for the Mem Sahib.' a But-' exclaimed' Mordaunt in astonishment, do you prefer to go with us ? ' ' Yes, Sahib, I am going to see my lady icto safe hands,' said the man quietly. A flash of memory came back to Mordaunt's mind of the times many of them - that he had chaffed his young wife for her extreme politeness to the principal servants of the establishment. And then he remembered how once Majid had cut his arm rather badly, and that she had insisted on his taking it to the doctor and had inquired kindly after the hurt each day until it was healed and well ; now he realise the value of her kindness. ' Thank you, Majid,' he said grate- fully and with a rush of feeling which, man-like, he was most careful to hide. And about an hour and a half later a forlorn and well-nigh hopeless band filed out of the sheltered defences, and creeping between two rebel pickets, got without accident or alarm to the open country. Never thought I should live to turn tail in this way,' growled one soldier to another as they passed out. But the man to whom he spoke did not reply, only folded his arms closer about the little tired child which lay sleeping upon his breast. If he had spoke as he probably would not have called the better part of valour ' turn- ing tail.' Of necessity their progress was very slow and wearisome they had no horses, or even so much as a ' tat ' among them, all the animals being stolen or dead long ago. Bravely the women-folk bore up, several plodding steadily on in silence, served up to fulfil the task they had set for them silves that on saving the dear wee tots they carried in their arms while the older children struggled on beside them each carrying a basket or a bag of such provisions as they had to bring. But before they had covered half a mile poor Mrs Mordaunt's strung! h gave out and she was fain to admit that she could go no further. Don't mind me, Charlie, you go on with the others, she begged faintly. But Mordu mt had managed to bring a flask of brandy with him, the last of a precious store which had done good service during the long siege. He put a little to her lips and beckoned to Majid to bring his hammock, and then they went on once more, contriving somehow to get slowly on, though it was exhausting and very weary work stumbling through the long grass and jungle four or five feet in height, soaked through the skin by the heavy dews, taking each step in fear of the enemy and a yet greater dread of snakes and other vermin of the jungle and by some means, perhaps because of the black darkness of the night, perhaps because of the delay in getting the lady into the hammock, they missed their track taken by their party and found themselves a, little group of three the midst of what was to the Europeans an unknown country swarming with rebels one and all anxious for the life's blood of any Feringhee who might happen to fall in their way. They could not get into any village before daybreak, which found them close to a grove of mango trees having a hollow in its midst. Here they hid themselves and rested all the day, only coming out at nightfall to push on once more. ' We are not far from a village,' Majid said, as they prepared the hammock for the lady.. ' I think we shall reach it without much trouble, Sahib.' But alas ! before they had gone a quarter of a mile, Mordaunt slipped and fell, wrenching and bruising his knee badly. ' Can you get on at all asked his wife anxiously, ' because I am not the least tired, Charlie, I can walk quite easily, I can, I assure you. ' Do you think you can ? Then keep tight hold of Majid by the hand, for a fall might be a very serious matter for you, ' he answered, and I will hobble after you as well as I can with a stick. So they started once more. With swift sure footsteps Majid passed on, telling her in whispers where to tread and what parts DO avoiJ, while Mordaunt struggled painfully after them, each step on the uneven ground giving his knee a fresh wrench which made him quiver with agony. Once or twice she insisted on stopping to ask how his knee was, if it was very painful and so on, but M >rdauut always resolutely and dauntlessly waved her on, never admitting that he was suffering much, and begging her not to utter a word more than was absolutely necessary ; so they went on until they came within sight of the village towards which Majid was pressing. ' Will the Mem-Sahib look over yonder ? That is the villain!' he said to her in a whisper. With a look of joy she turned back to tell the news to her husband but her husband was not within sight. They went back, but hewasnotto be found; they went to right and left she utterly heedless of her weariness and prostration, and remembering only that her husband was disabled au J alone. ' did!' she said to her guide. So Majid called as had been agreed between them before starting, with I Jj0 the note of a bird ; but there was no . 9-0 reply-no reply save . the ordinary uses of was at cb g he is fl- in SS QJ au to ny lis SS bed To ed id ch w JS. smile her id 's, set in to neat id 1er day and very try not he is to nee the Jo Jg to a th lit in to an nee k k, V in, The et in P or of r f 16 y, voices of an Indian jungle after night- the fall. Mrs. Mordaunt caught hold of the Bengalee's hand, her eyes staring piteously and her teeth chattering with fear. ' What has happened to him she Will the Mem-Sahib keep still?' the man entreated. 'I cannot hear.' ' Majid, he is dead. The Mem-Sahib must not think of that until we know more. Listen ; if she gets to the village, Majid will put her into safe keeping and come back to find the Sahib.' ' Must I stop there alone ? ' she asked, her natural fear gaining the uppermost hand for a moment. Can not I go with you ? ' ' Better not. 1 may have to go back a mile or more. But the Mem-Sahib will be quiet safe, for I know the village well. So she consented to go back in the direction they had first taken, and in time they reached the village, where Majid was evidently known and very welcome The villagers were one and all very kind to her making her lie down and have her feet bathed, giving her native bread and rice, with milk to drink. And here Majid left her that he might go back and search for Mordaunt, whom he believed had slipped or stumbled in the long rank grass of the jungle and to be lying helpless and probably insensible. But not a trace of him was to be found and not a little crestfallen, the Bengalee turned back and carried the bad news to the Merri Sahib, who, poor soul, was awaiting him in the direst suspense, and in agonies of fright lest she should be murdered by one or other of the dusky beauties who thronged round her as it she were a fat lady in a show at an English fair. The Sahib is not dead, or I should have found him,' Majid assured her The Mem- Sahib must keep up heart, and when night comes we must make for Budwra, where perhaps we shall find him Where is Budwra, Majid ?' She asked. ' Another village about three miles from here and off the main road,' he told her Perhaps one of my people has found the Sahib and has taken him on there.' ' I wish it was night, said she, with a tired sigh, and set herself to watch for the fading of the day. However, anxiety and fatigue notwithstanding, after a few minutes Mrs. M oi daunt fell asleep and slept with the sound and heavy slumber of one thoroughly worn out, fanned by a young native girl to whom Majid gave a handful of pice for performing the office. Majid too cast himself down into slept soundly and so the two lay there neither moving nor stirred g until nearly sundown, when the old woman of the house, who had been gossiping at her door about the pretty Feriugheo Mem-Sahib, suddenly rush- ed in and shook M paid into a sense of understanding without ceremony or hesitation. ' Up, quick, quick !' she cried. ' They are coming ! Get the MemSahib into that hope of mango trees. Quick, quick ! there is not a moment to lose I Save yourselves !'' It was but the work of a moment for Majid to drag the terrified Englishwoman into the grove of mango trees indicated by the old woman, happily succeeding without being seen and there they hid themselves, cowering down and crouching low upon the ground amongst the rank grass and undergrowth, listening to the fiendish yells and shouts of the Sepoys, who were searching the little village for the Feringhee lady whom they heard had escaped in that direction. But the dusk drew on, the last light of day faded away quickly as it does in the East-and the Sepoys were obliged to give up the chase. Majid began to think of beginning the journey to Budwra, so bade Mrs. Mordaunt Q I remain in the hope of mango trees as while he went back to the village for >e . food and milk. * But you won't leave me, Majid ? ' she implored piteously; 'you'll come back ? ' ' Majid will never leave the Mem Sahib until he leaves her in safety, he said solemnly-he always addressed her thus. So a very weary half-hour went by, during which she suffered a very martyrdom of Mispense and dread. For she was wearing a dress which had once been of white cambric and which even now, although it had been torn and stained and soiled by the adventures of the previous night and the hardships of nearly a week of the siege, showed very conspicuously against the dark background of the mango trees. As well as she could she hid herself among the grass, holding her skirts and breath with equal care, starting and shrinking at every sound, e I fancying that the rustling of the leaves, 8 the creaking of the bending branches overhead d, the thousand and one sounds which one hears in a grove of trees after dusk, were the approaching footsteps of her murderers. And then, poor soul, when at length Majid returned, she mistook him altogether, and hiding her face upon her knees as she crouched there, gave herself up for lost and made a feeble effort to say her prayers. But it was only the faithful bearer, who had brought her chupatttes and boiled rice, with milk to drink. Besides this good meal he had also managed to get a quantity of long strips of cotton, with which he carefully bound and bandaged her feet and ankles so that she might tramp through the long grass and jungle with comparative cane and then they set off on their three miles journey to Budwra. CHAPTER III. Three miles is not a very long distance if it is regarded from our standpoint - that is to say, the standpoint of this the eighth decade of the nineteenth century. With rail or road in good order and a a convenient distance from our start- ing place, a journey of three miles is a mere nothing; nothing more than a matter of a few minutes. And if one is in tolerable health and well shod, why, it is not a very formidable dis- tan :e as a walk ; but as that trail woman went on toot in India, where. climate and custom alike render walk ing exercise aluiostimpossiiile-broken j down in health and spirits living in hourly, nay, in momentary dread of a I fearful and horrible death-dçkened [1 by direct suspense for the fate of him who was nearest and dearest to her of all the world travelling, not by road or rail not with cool and comfortable shoes and stockings on her feet, but lame and worn and weary, scarce able to keep a foothold and yet afraid i lest aught should go wrong with that other life so closely bound up within her own -oh, thinking of all this, doubt not that the three miles which lay between those Indian villages seemed to her a journey so difficult that it could never be accomplished. But Majid cheered her step by step, steadying her faltering feet and often keeping her from falling by sheer force of arm and will and in her brave heart fighting hard with anxiety and grief for her husband, were two great influences-the mother-instinct strong as life, and the absolute trust in God stronger than death. After all, it was only her poor suffering body that failed ; her heart, never. Yet they did not reach the village that night, for several times they had alarmed the in mutineers being close upon them ; twice they lay for a long time behind a thick cluster of bushes and scrub, listening to them as they told with fiendish and exultant daughter of deeds of bloodshed and cruelty such as happily an imperfect knowledge of Hindustani prevented the lady from understanding in full. But she had gathered a little of what they were saving, and, when they moved off, asked Majid anxiously if they had mentioned her husband, heaving a great sigh of unutterable relief when he told her No. And then when the fright was over, they toiled on again, making but slow progress for she was completly exhausted and beyond the power of making any very great exertion ; so when the day broke it found them still in the heart of the jungle and not even within sight of village or road. Here Mrs. Mordaunt remained hidden under a broad-leaved bush while Majid pressed on to the village, in which there lived an old lady with a reputation for a knowledge of medi leaves and herbs, come to cure and others to charm. Fortunately for the preser vation of the English lady's life, this old personage was a great-aunt of the faithful Majid and he her fa Tourite relation, whom she received with extravagant expressions of joy and every demonstration of affection and pleasure. As soon as her delight had subsided a little, Majid entered into the business which had brought him there, " and on the whole a very pretty piece of work he had to persuade the old lady to take the Periughee Meir-Sahib in and shelter her, for a more bitter " hater of the European race could not, perhaps, be found in the whole of India. But Majid's influence over the old dame-by the by, she rejoiced in the name of Zoe Zeet-was unbounded and after a short harangue he overruled all her objections and made arrangements for bringing the lady in ' But mind, she exclaimed, as a last , warning, it is only because she has been good to my favourite relative 1 that I do this ' Oh, yes, yes, to be sure,' he answered. He knew if he once got her under ceived into his aunt's house that the " Mem Sahib would be safe for any ' time that he thought it needful for her to hide there. For the festive Zee Zeet had a reputation, which was spread very widely indeed in that neighbourhood, that it was always best to let her severely alone and to ! such an extent did the superstitious inhabitants believe in the power of her charms and cures that none ever ventured to approach her domicile without various preparations in the shape of propitiatory offerings, and only those who were pretty sure of being in her good graces dared venture to take so great a liberty as that. Majid, therefore, with a well satisfied heart, went back in search of his mistress, whom he found in what might be termed the last agonies of fright and weariness; being, poor , soul, in that condition of body which made him determine to run all or any risks in order to get her into the village of Budwra by daylight, instead of waiting until the friend day shades evening spread their sheltering arms above them, And well it was for hear-and for him that he so made up his mind. r for when at length they reached the safety of the old lady's" but, happily without much difficulty though several times the were within an ace of j running into the very arms of the ' Sepoys, and all Majid's skill was needed to avoid being seen by the other inhabitants of the village, which above all things he was most anxious to prevent-Mrs. Mordaunt state was in TI ply one of desperation, and that bitter hour which Charles Mordaunt had so feared and dreaded was fast stealing upon her. To do her full justice, the festive old Zee-Zeet was wonderfully good to her during the twelve weary hours which followed, in spite of her hatred and loathing of everything bringing in any way to the Feringnee race ; so the poor fugitive English girl came through ' her hour of trial, and in the thick darkness which immediately precedes 'an Indian dawn, a little girl-friend first opened her eyes upon an anxious and woeful world, wherein battle, murder, and sudden death ran riot. CHAPTER IV. We are all of us more or less familiar with the awful story of the Mii'inv of 57 as a whole-how strong men dip ped off their horses and died without so much as a struggle for li show women in the prime of life died of sheer fright-how fever and famine thinned out the ranks of those who were still holding out against the cowardly foe who butchered little children and helpless baby s in their merciless thirst for blood how the lives of" all were in jeopardy every hour, and none who opened their eye upon the dawn had any reasonable hope that they would live to see the sunset. ' And yet that wee small fragment of humanity, born into the world to months before her time, Frail as snowflake, for whom there seemed the no place and no room, lay cos s cuddled against her mother's or. as and throve almost like a mushroom on a moist September night after the warmth of a bright autumn day Throve-ay, and throve apace like a young calf j stared about he with wondering blue eyes (at least, that was what her mother said they were) when she did not happen to be asleep, which was about, four hours out of the twenty-four ; twisted her very wrinkled and scarlet little face into the oldest contortions imaginable and doubled a wee morsel of a hand into a fist (with the thumb outside), and sucked the first of the four knock frs with an energy which under the circumstances was neither more nor less than thoroughly astounding. But that was only now and then, for generally she lay sleeping in sweet and lovely sleep of babyhood, a dear, wee, velvet-skinned person, whose advent into the world had amply com- pensated for all the mother's suffering and privation, who allayed all her fears, and left no pain behind except the anxiety about her husband. If only her Charlie had been at hand she would have been perfectly happy, even though she had not a second frock in the world for herself nor a proper rag of any kind for the child, who was dressed in a strange arrangement of white cotton contrived by the festive Zee-Zeet. ' Dear good old Zee-Zeet '-as the little fugitive lady called her in the overflowing gratefulness of her tender heart, and her blessed ignorance of the fact that right willingly would the old lady have cut her throat and made with candles and other ghastly articles de luxe of her body under the influence, or perhaps pressure, of her nephew Majid, did more for her than bring the child into the world in safety. She cast about in the village for a wet nurse, and finding a young native woman with a baby of a few weeks old just at the point of death, carried her off to her list, and, after binding her down to secrecy with all the influence of her evil eye and her worse reputation, introduced her into the presence of the tiny heroine of this story. Lucky little heroine ! The poor grieving dark-skinned mother's torn heart went out to her at once, and she cuddled the little bundle of white cotton to her bosom and shed the last tears of regret for the one she had lost upon the blonde and velvet-like head of her new nursing. And after that, the little Feringhee lady and her baby had lack neither of attention nor of love. For nearly three weeks all went well and not a soul guessed who was so safely hidden within the sacred hut of the old lady with the evil eye. The vii lagers knew that Cora had gone there after losing her baby-but thin Corah's lord and master was away, nobody quite knew where, being bearer to some great English Sahib, who had gone up to the hills several months before. And as Corah was to be seen almost every day walking in some part of the village and had evidently got over her trouble, it was nothing to anybody if. Zee-Zeet chose to have her in her house or she to remain there So for nearly three weeks all went well and the small atom of humanity Shrove and grew considerably. And then Mrs. Mordaunt, never having heard a single word of her husband not even though Majid went several short journeys in quest of him or of some other English officer who could carry the news of his mistress's safety to the nearest British camp began to fret and worry to be getting back to her own people once more. Up to that time Miijid had been afraid to take any expedition of more than two or three hours' distance from Budwra, fearing lest his old aunt's fanatical hatred should outweigh the power of his influence over her and cause the betrayal of the English lady into the hands of the manners but when the time had come for them to seize the first chance that Providence gave them of making a dash for the nearest British camp, he felt at liberty to leave her for longer periods, so that he might discover the whereabouts of the world, so to speak. He made three of these pilgrimages before he hit upon any authentic information about the various garrisons in the neighbourhood, but when he went out for the third time he fell in with a half caste who was friendly towards the Europeans and who told him exactly how the land lay at that moment ; who told him, too, exactly how to reach the garrison of Singleton, and finally effected to carry a letter or message there for him. Now Majid was a very wary sort of person who did not believe in disclos- ing the hiding place of his mistress, whom he had brought safely through so much hardship and danger, to a half-caste who might or might not be as faithful as he made himself out to be, and who might sell her to the Sepoys, even if he did not take an opportunity of murdering her himself. "You've been in the camp?' he said cautiously.' ' Yes I was there three days ago.' '4 h ! Did you see any of the English officers ?' ' Why, of course, all of them. I saw Clarke Sahib, and Gregory Sahib, and the Mem Sahib; and I saw Moore Sahib and Mordaunt Sahib too.' . Oh, you saw Mordaunt Sahi'i ?' ' Why, yes of course I did. Do you know him * ' I'VE seen him, said Majid evasively What is he like now? On ! very well-he was got over his lameness.' . Was he lame ?' asked Majid with truly Oriental but admirable indifference. Yes, he was lame got. hurt in the jungle lost his wife. Ah ! that hurt him most.' ' Ah ! Well, if you are going near Singleton to-morrow, you must turn in and tell Mordaunt Sahib that Majid is on his way to him, with good news ' ' I will I owe him a good turn and will do it. And so the two parted, and Majid returned to the house of the lively Zee Zest, to prepare his mistress for good news and a move. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS. Sure relief The weak and enervated suffer severely from nervous affections, when storms or electric disturbances agitate the atmosphere Neuralgia goody pangs, and fly nor pain, for distressing to a delicate system, may be -made removed by rubbing this Ointment on the air fee ed part, after it has been for rested with warm water. The Pills, taken oecvsima'ly the doses prescribed by the instruc iona keep the digestion in order, excite a tree flow c healthy His, and replenish the impoverished blood with those richer constituents which rest It from thoroughly assimilated food the absence of which the strongest must inevitably so in sink into feebleness, and the delicate find it difficult to maintain existence Holloway's Ointment and Pills are infallible remedies. 