FROM DESK TO DIGGINGS. CHAPTER XII. Weeks have paased away since the day upon which Christopher joined his fortunes and his claim to those of Sam Johnson, and on which typhoid fever struck him down. Away at the southern end of Brady's Gully, on the hill which separates it from Goslin's, stands a clamp of sandalwood trees. There are not many of them, nor do they appear to be in a flourishing condition. Yet, in part, they serve to protect and shade the three or four tents that pitched beneath their branches. The spot is a pleasant one comparatively. A good view of the premier Gully, from end to end is obtained, and yet it is sufficiently distant to be out of the reach of the rolling clouds of dust, and the noise and roughness of the field. Two tents are occupied by Sam Johnson and his wife and children. Mrs. Johnson is a little woman with hair of a colour somewhat deeper than auburn, a freckled face and arms, and eyes that are honest and kindly in expression. Her hair is "done up" very tightly, and her dress and appearance generally, show her to be a woman who has decided ideas concerning cleanliness and order. At the moment when we see her, she is busy at the washtub, placed under the shadow of a tree, her sleeves are rolled well above her elbows, and it is noticeable that the portion of arm visible between sleeve and elbow equals in whiteness the frothing suds with which they are covered. At this moment she leaves her tub and goes to the door of her tent to look at the clock. The hands point to eleven, whereupon she takes off her wet apron, wipes her arms and hands in it, and going to the fireplace digs in the earth some distance from the the tent, lifts off a saucepan, and fills two cups with broth. These she carries to one of two tents standing close together at the other side of the clump of trees. With little ceremony save a " may I come in ?" she pushes aside the flap and enters. " I've brought you the soup, ma'am. How goes the good man, this morning ?" " Oh, better, Mrs. Johnson, thank you, I think. You feel better don't you, Chris ? It was Prudence who spoke. She had come up to the field directly the news of her husband's illness had reached her. Mr. Blandford had also come, hoping to be able to take his son home to be nursed. But this was not possible. So he had stayed until the present camp had been pitched, and made comfortable, and had then returned to town. But Christopher had a good friend in Johnson ; and his wife - who had arrived only two days before Prudence - took a fancy to her. She also knew from her husband how Christopher had helped him. Space will not permit me to tell of the innumerable deeds of kindness done by the digger and his wife day after day on behalf of Christopher and Prudence. They knew, from experience, the pinch of sickness and poverty, and they shrewdly guessed that this young couple were anything but well-to-do. When Prudence spoke she turned to her husband. He was lying on his bed, his only covering a sheet, feeling weak and languid, as much, almost, from the stifling heat as from tbe effects of the fever from which he had suffered. It was only during the last day or two that he had been able to take food as strong as soup. " I am a lot better, Mrs. Johnson," he said, but in a voice that like his body, was but as a ghost of his former self. " I hope soon to be at work again. What should we have done without you and Johnson ?" " Come, the doctor says you are not to talk, so say no more, but drink the broth." " But I may talk, Mrs. Johnson !" exclaimed Prudence. " And I have been so taken up with nursing my husband that I have not had an opportunity of thanking --" " An there's no need to do it now, ma'am, neither. Sam an me knows what you would say, an us knows that you would do the same by us in like case. You're to eat this broth, for you look worn to a shadow with nussin'." Prudence could say no more for Mrs. Johnson dived out of the tent and returned to her washtub. There she found one of her children dabbing a dishful of clean clothes with a muddy stick. A sound box on the ears caused him to set up a tremendous howl, whereupon his mother, snatching him up, assured him that unless "he stopped making a noise and disturbing the poor sick man, she would make it hot for him." The child was silenced, for he knew by experience that his mother would keep her word. A week or two before Christmas the mail brought letters from the Blandfords saying that they hoped Christopher would make an effort to come to town. " You'll go of course, won't you ?" said Prudence, when she had read the letter. Christopher was able to walk about a little by this time, and was quickly regaining his strength. " Would you mind spending your Christmas up here ?" he asked. " With you - not in the least. Why ?" " Well, I don't see the good of going down. It would be nice to see our friends of course, but I have no very fond recollections of town. I'd like to stay here and try more digging. I'm sure there's a lot of gold to be got if one sticks to it. I'd like to keep on with old Johnson, he's the best fellow I've met with for many a day. He tells me there are some good reefs about here too." They discussed tbe question awhile longer, but eventually decided to stay. They sent an invitation to Mr. and Mrs. Blandford, asking them to spend Christmas at Teetulpa. They did this more in fun than earnest, but very much to their surprise it was accepted. Mr. Blandford, however, in his letter, said they would bring a Christmas dinner with them, and would only ask Christopher to borrow an extra tent for them to sleep in. The idea was so ludicrous that Christopher could hardly believe his father was in earnest, but he wrote back to say that everything should be in readiness for them. It struck the Johnsons as being a capital idea, and at spare times Sam employed himself in rigging up a bower for a dining-room. " Are you going to ask anyone to dinner ?" said Prudence as a joke. " Yes, of course, but not many. Let us see - my father and mother, two ; Sam Johnson and his wife, four " " Christopher," exclaimed Prudence. What ?" " You won't ask the Johnsons to sit down with tbe others, surely ? " " Won't I - I just will, and if the others don't like it they can stay away. Sam and his missus, as he calls her, are a jolly good couple, and they have been true friends to us." " Yes, I know that and I don't mind in the least. But you had better ask them at once, for I heard Mrs. Johnson say that they were going to dinner with some friends in Strawbridge's Gully." " All right. I'll see to them. They'll have to come." But he had difficulty in inducing the Johnsons to do as he wished. Sam argued " that it wasn't for the likes of him to sit down with gentle folk." That sent Christopher off at a tangent to prove what constituted gentle folk, and he wound up by showing that on a goldfield all men were equal. He gained his end, and then as he turned away, it occurred to him, to ask about his claim. He was not able to walk so far as yet. " I suppose the place is jumped isn't it, Sam, or did you apply to the Warden for suspension for me, on account of sickness ? " Johnson coloured, and looked uncomfortable. He turned half away from Christopher, and nervously broke to pieces a bit of twig he had in his hand. " The fact is this way," he said, speaking quickly. " What with you falling sick, and one thing an another comin on one suddint like, I clean forgot the 'spension." " And another man has gone into it then ?" " Well, a chap has been working there, but I don't fancy he's got much gold in his pocket." " All the worse for him. I don't mind much, only I'd have liked to have worked with you, Sam. I must look out for a fresh place." " There's time enough for that, 'cause tomorrow is the 21st December an from then for a fortnight there's holidays, you know. Nobody's obliged to work, an no claims can be jumped." " Oh, then, I'll wait till after the New Year." Here the conversation ended, Johnson going back to his work, and Christopher to his tent. He did not tell Prudence about the claim, but he wondered that a seemingly sensible man, such as Johnson, should have omitted to take out a suspension for him. Prudence and Mrs. Sam Johnson were now deep in the mysteries of arranging a dinner for Christmas Day. For they had decided not to lay too great dependence on what the visitors might bring with them from town. They were to arrive on Christmas Eve, and in the ordinary course of events would have to travel from the Yunta Railway Station to the field by coach. But Christopher knew how uncomfortable this method would be, and arranged with the coach people to bring them up in a private wagonette. He still had a good portion of his past earnings in hand, and hoped soon to be able to increase them. In due time, that is to say, about sundown on Christmas Eve, the visitors arrived. They declared they were not a bit tired, and as Mrs. Blandford declared, if they had been, the pleasure of seeing Christopher looking fairly well again would have made full amends, it was Mrs. Blandford who had insisted that they should go up to Christopher when he had written to say he would not leave the field. She had indeed felt something akin to jealousy at the thought of Prudence having the sole right to nurse him, but it had only been momentary. As it was she nearly smothered her son in a motherly embrace, for her feelings must find an outlet in some way, for this, her son who had been near to death, was now alive and well. Great curiosity and amusement were expressed at the picture of life under canvas on a goldfield, and despite the long journey, and the fact that Christopher was still an invalid, the little party sat up till midnight. The Christmas dinner was not to be eaten until the evening, when the sun was down and the air was pleasant, for it was a peculiarity of Teetulpa that seldom were the nights hot, no matter how high the thermometer may have ranged during the day. Prudence and Mrs. Sam stayed at home while the others drove to the different gullies, about the township, and down to Tonkin's Well. In time, when it came to be proved, the dinner was a success, but there happened an incident towards the close that gave a crown to pleasure and light hearts to all assembled. Mr. Blandford, Christopher, and Sam Johnson were talking about the field, when Mr. Blandford asked his son what had become of his own claim. Christopher repeated what Johnson had told him, and added that he was sorry not to have been able to keep on as Sam's partner. " There's been a bit of a mistake about that," broke in Johnson, very red in the face. " Fact is I didn't tell you the truth altogether 'tother day." " Didn't you ?" said Christopher. " You're a nice sort of fellow. Why, what is the truth of the matter, and why should you wish to hide it ?" " 1 wanted to give you a bit of a surprise like." " Look here, old Dictionary, you've been up to some game. Now what is it ? I suppose you mean that you did get the claim suspended, and that it is still mine? Is that it ?" " No, that ain't it neither. I forgot that sure enough. But it struck me it'd pay better to put a wages man on, an' I did, an' I've been workin' your claim as well as mine, just as though we'd been together. An' its turned out well too, as you can see by these here Bank receipts. We're partners yet, mate, an' half of that is yours. I paid the wages out of the lot." Christopher looked through the slips of paper that were handed to him. " Why," he said, " there is over £1,000 in the Bank in our name ?" " It's about that figure now, I guess," answered Sam. " There's five hundred a piece for us anyway." " By Jove, what a fellow you are," exclaimed his partner. " I never expected this." " Corse you didn't. Neither did I expect you to go security for my store bill that night. I don't forget a fellow of your sort. An' it was just an accident that that claim was empty alongside mine. Mind I wouldn't have given you half of my lot, anyway." " Well if ever I go back on you, Sam, I'll get someone to hang me up on a tree. Goodness me, I'm a rich man !" * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * On that happy Christmas night this story ends. Christopher, though he possessed more money than he had ever before had, resolved to continue digging. The life suited him and he found that he was better off than as a clerk in an office. Prudence went to town when the Blandfords returned, and stayed there for a few months. While she was away Christopher had a five- roomed wooden cottage built, and had most of his furniture sent up from town. When his wife came back she brought with her a baby and a nursemaid. They are still living at Teetulpa, though possibly it would be difficult for a stranger to find them. While working out their alluvial claims Christopher and Sam discovered a quartz reef showing gold freely. They at once took out claims for reefing, and the latest accounts of the crushings point to the fact that these men are likely to be well paid for their work. Sam Johnson built a stone house, but Mrs Sam is not above doing washing and other work for Prudence. As for young Christopher, she is never tired of nursing him. THE END. 