Amusements. ALBERT HALL. Mr. Locke Richardson, an oiocutijnary artist of some renown, whose recital have beeu listened to with ereat interest in the other colo T*, made his first appearance in Adelaide at the Albert Hall on Saturday night, when he created a very favorable impression, and by his own unaided efforts entertained for nearly two hours a large and well-pleased auditory, Mr, Richardson's subject on this occasion being Dickens's "Christmas Carol." There are of course many thousands of Dickens's admirers to whom every page of-the "Carol" ia quite familiar, but on the other hand there are many who, while they are well versed enough in the doings of Pickwick, Nicholas Nickleby, and many other of the notable characters which Dickens invented, have but a limited know ledge of the beautiful Carol which, has baen defined as the best charity sermon that was ever written. It is because of this per haps - that the work pertains to the character of a sermon, that it 13 les1? widely known than many other works of the great delineator of human nature, and it therefore speaks well for the confidence of the reciter in his powers to enchain tbe attention of his audience that he should have made a selection of this subject for his opening enter tainment. Christmas in the colonies cmaes to us in feueh utterly different guise to the Christmas of the old country that its traditions and its customs are in a measure hnt to vn, an i consequently the teachings of the "Carol1'have not the Bame application here that they have "at home." Our rising generation have so little acquaintance with ice and snow that they can hardly recognise the frost and icicled figure of Father Christmas, and have only a transmitted knowledge of the junketings and mummerie i that are incident to the season in colder climes; never having assisted at tbe feastings and merriments of which roast beef, plum pudding, and mistletoe boughs are indispensable ad juncts, Neither have they had to welcome the visitors who arrive on Christmas Eve after a tedious journey through sleet and snow, or sat round the brightly burning yule log into the small hours of the morning with awe striken countenances to the traditional exploits of the family ghost. Santa Claus is only re garded as a sort of foreign personage who brings presents that are always acceptable, but are scarcely connected in the mind of the receiver with the great Christian festival that works such wonderful in fluence in causing a feeling of charity and good will to reign amongst men, and the "waits" and the "carol" are but transient episodes that may easily be omitted from the keeping of Christmas in the sunny climes of the south. We allude to these facts because the appropriateness of Dickens's work is in a measure lost to us here, and its grand teachings of charity at such a seaaon are in a measure misapplied to our community. It will be seen then that if Mr. Richardson could with such a subject hold his audienca enthralled from his opening to ht3 closing utterances he must have invested his recital with qualities of a distinctive nature, depend ing largely upon his own ability, and this he was certainly successful in doing. Tall, of good figure, and intellectual countenance, the reciter favorably-impresses the auditory on bis entrance, and commencing his dis course in a somewhat subdued undertone, the listener has some doubts as to whether his voice will realise the expectations that have been formed of it. Unlike the Rov. Charles Clarke's, it is not musically bell-like in tone, neither has it the clear resonant qualities of Walter Montgomery's organ; but as the recital proceeds the audience discover why Mr. Richardaoa ha3 been ranked alongside these famous entertainer* \-- because be has the same power of interesting and holding his audience, although his method and manner may be different to theirs, For our own purposes we will Euppose that our readers are familiar with the story of the "Christmas Carol," and how the miserly Scrooge was brought to a sense of his own cold grasping nature by a dream, in which, accompanied by a ghostly mentor, he 13 shown various pictures of poverty at Christ mastide, and is made to realise how utterly friendless he would ba at hi3 death, and how hi3 means are ample to enable him to relieve the necessities and add to the pleasure of those whom he had previously regarded as a cumbrance on the earth. As he proceeded with his subject Mr. Richardson gradually and mo3t effectively dis played the powers of the elocutionist. He re lated in matter of fact tones the everyday inci dents that occurred in Scrooge's office; then pictured with touching tenderness the home of Tiney Tim, and in gleefulacc°nts and amusing modulations of tone described th9 Christmas cheer that was exhibited in the butchers' and the grocers' shops, and told with wonderful unctuoueness how the Cratchitt family re veiled in the enjoyment of that famous stuffed goose and the mystery and development of' the historical plum pudding. The audience laughed at the simple glee of the youngsters as they pictr ed them gathered around the festive b«a- j, and applauded all the points that wece evoked from the game of blind-man's-buff as though the relation of the story came to them as an unexpected novelty. Again were they pVared with the humor and cliauge of tone atiu dialect that were introduced into the Irishwoman's sale of Scrooge's effects to the J ew in the pawnshop, and wherever the subject was mo*t impressive m its teachings they lis tened with careful attention to the homily of the reciter. In the course of the evening we fouod that Mr. Richardson was artistically nurturing his powers; that he had in no way exhausted bis elocutionary and dramatic acquirements, and that in a succession of entertainments he has scope enough in his vois9 and his know ltdge of character to afford a pleasing variety, and a judiciousness in the treatment of his subject to make each change acceptable to his audiences. His method throughout is excellent, as he does not waste his energies; makes no attempt at over-elabori tion, but while in the colloquial and subsidiary passages he maintains a quietly subdued tone, his voice is heard with full force and pene trating power in the more dramatic episodes, or vibrates with true feeling wherever pathoa is demanded. He speaks without bo.>k, en tirely from memory. Hi3 actions are few, and graceful, and his byplay limited, thus affording to his performance a dignity in keeping with the excellent moral lesson that is to be derived from the "Christmas Carol." We have no doubt Mr. Richardson will be equally success ful in hi-. Shakesperian delineations, and he will deserve a fullhouse when he appears on Tuesday in "The Merchant of Venice." Mr. Rotlinson, the trick cyclist, will perform in the Gawler Institute to night and to-morrjw night with his variety troupe. The illusion, "Ariel," which i3 being shown by Mr, Hudson in what is known as the ante room of Garner's Theatre, is proving a great success. It has been freely patronised, and so far the means adopted to produce the illusion have not been discovered by the visitors, The Theatre Royal will reopen thi3 evening with ilr. Bland Holt'? company in his famous drama, "A Run of Luck." The story is interesting, the scenic display of a vary attractive nature, and the cast full and power ful, bo that we have no doubt theatre-goers will thoroughly enjoy the new play. Another of the series of winter socials ia connection with the Advertiser Band was held in the Kechabite Hall, Grote-street, on Saturday evening, the occasion being a complimentary benefit to Mr. J. A. Duggan, who has contributed much towards the pleasure of the entertainments. There was a good attendance. The bind played the overture in a very creditable manner, and Mr. T. Shanks sang "The death of Nelson" in eood style. Sergeants Clifford and Hajlock illustrated a military sparring match, one deferdirg himself with the sword and the other with the bayonet, and Mr, Bruggemann contributed the song "Elsie of the Glen." Singl-' stick exercises by Sergeants Broom head and Haylock followed, and Mr. Pa.se:>3 gave an exhibition of his ventriloquial powers. The band rendered another selection, and the programme was concluded by a number of conjuring tricks cleverly performed by Mr. Duggan. Dancing was then indulged in for a couple of hours. Hudson's Surprise Party presented a new programme at Gamer's Rooms on Saturday evening to a house crowded in all parts. The first portion embraced the usual comic and sen timental songs, an especially funny song by Pave Uard^ci, cntilkd "The wi^dy iuau,'! . airly bringing down the house. As "Toe l-'akirs of Kapunda, or the Magiciaus of the Fatt," Messrs. Hudson and Gardner kept fvery one in roars of laughter, the burlesque representations of the birdcage trick and the miraculous growth of flowers being extremely mirth provoking. Alter the intermission a very clever illusion, " The vanishing lady," was given for the first time. The lady was seated in a chair in full view of the audience, a newspapec being placed beneath the chair. A large silk covering was then made to shut the object from view, Mid on this being removed in the space of a few moments the lady was dis covered to be iic-n cat. She made her ap pearance at the door leading to the rear of the stage from the ball, aud the applause which greeted the termination of the feat .-vi-r.v-id how thoroughly the audience were mystified as to the modus operandi. The " Blondtn donkey" was an absurdity that caused shrieks of laughter, and Dave Gardner gained a racall iV-r his oddities. The other items of the pro gramme, including Hungarian and Russian eongB and a dulcimer solo by little Ida Heath, were well carried out, and the entertainment concluded with a humorous sketch, "Cupid's Artful Dodge," in which Mr. Hudson was the leadiDg figure. The same programme will bi presented this evening. A neefing to present a test!irfonialto Archbishop Reynolds will be-held in St. francis Xaviert Hill this evening. 