C00LAM0N. (FROM A TRAVELLING CORRESPONDENT.) Leaving Little PJain, North Berry Jerry, ou the morning of Wednesday last, I visited the above locality, passing the Union Church and through the lane which divides Mr. Cutler's from Mr. Lucas's holding. Some excellent ploughing may be noticed by the way, aud the hedges of the so-called kangaroo thorn that align the paddocks are springing, Phoenix-like, from the ashes of the past. In one or two places these vegetable boundaries have grown to a height of 12ft., and almost suggest the use of a hedge knife, which sooner or later will have to be resorted to. A cultivator has been recently tried, not by jury, but in the «• Rosebud" paddocks, with the result that disc harrows are preferred, inasmuch as the former implement gathers too much stubble and weeds in such a season as the present. Under different conditions, however, it answers well the purpose for which it has been constructed. Wheat is still coming in from every direction ; farming implements are largely imported by Messrs. Mitchell and Cork, the storekeepers; and timber hence and from Devlin's Siding is finding its way to remote stations, so that a tolerable amount of activity appears to prevail in the town. The Government tank is now filled ; and ascending the embankment with Mr. Bennett, the caretaker, I was struck at the sight of the immense sheet of water lying at our feet. Such a body, 19^ft. deep, must prove of incalculable benefit to the locality in times to come. A convenient cottage has been erected by the Go- vernment for the officer in charge, and the approaches in every direction are well cleared of scrub and timber. In days to come we may have a North and South Coolamon, which will face each other from opposing slopes, having the railway in the hollow between. This, like a navigable river, will carry our persons and our produce to the larger centres, and accrediting us, no doubt, with our neighbors beyond. Animated by this agreeable day-dream, I proceeded on my way to the West, nor tarried till I reached " Glencoe," near the Boggy Creek. The character of the country in this direction, or rather a 6mall portion of it, loses somewhat in comparison with the eastern and northern boundaries of the town under notice. It deteriorates visibly at a distance of two miles, where it assumes the dreary aspect of large box swamps, pierced at intervals by cavities or clay-pans—the coolamon h«les of the aborigines, whence the place derives its name. Further on, however, it improves once more, bearing a heavy growth of pine and other scrub as you approach the creek. Mr. W. Langton'6 rain gauge gives a total rainfall of 13 99in. since the commencement of the year, and his garden is a pleasant oasis in this isolated spot A number of small areas have been surveyed along the railway line, and I have reason to believe that the scattered settlers a*ound Boggy Creek will soon have new neighbors, and but little cause to complain of the isolation to which I refer (For continuation of District A'ews, tee also page 37.) DISTRICT NEWS. (Continued from page 17.) WODONGA. (FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) An entertainment was given by the Albury Amateur Minstrels in the Prince of Wales Hall on Monday eveniog, 2nd May ; part of the proceeds to be given to the Bulli Belief Fund. The programme commenced with an overture by the orchestra, which was very well received and acknowledged by the audience. This was succeeded by an opening chorus, " Down by the Shore." This chorus was very creditably rendered, the performers keeping good time. Mr. W, Oxley then sang "Only to see her face." This gentleman possesses a powerful voice, and his rendering of the song pleased his hearers immensely. Then followed a comic song, " Susan's Sunday Out," by Mr. Harry L'oyd. This song caused mnch mirth, and Mr. Lloyd is undoubtedly one of the drollest members of the company. Nest was Mr. G. Moran's song, " The Golden Stair." This was sung with much feeliug, and well deserved the applause it met with. The audience were then favoured with a comic song by Mr. A. Jenkins, "A little more cider." This produced much glee amongst the young folks Mr. J. Nixon sang with much feeling a song entitled " Close the Shutters, Willie's Dead." Then followed three more comic songs by Messrs. Jenkins, Oxley, and Lloyd respectively, which also pleased the audience, as comic songs usually do. The first part of the programme finished with " A Railway Smash," and like most railway smashes it was short and sharp, but foitunately not so disastrous, this one causing more aching eides than broken bones and smashed timber. After an interval of ten minutes the second part of the programme was opened with a laughable piece called "A Surprise Party," the characters being sustained by Messrs. G. Moran, Lloyd, and Jenkins. Some negro sketches by Messrs. Lloyd anl Nixon were also very good. The next party introduced were the " Starvation Army"—Captain Hullabooloo, Mr. A. Jenkins ; Corporal Boozer, Mr. J. Nixon; Happy Dinah, Mr. Johnny Layton; cadet, Mr. H. Lloyd. This party caused great amusement by their quaint manner and sayings. The performance concluded with a side-splitting farce, " A Bad Night's Rest," in which the parts were sustained as follows :—Landlord, Mr. W. Oxley ; lodger, Mr. Albert Jenkins; ghost, Mr. Harry Lloyd. This was a p-'ece more readily enjoyed than described; it also caused great laughter. Mr. S. Lloyd as bones, Mr. A. Jenkins as tambo, and Mr. J. Nixon as interlocutor distinguished themselves in the particular parts they sustained, as did also Mr. Caspers as pianist. On the whole the performance was very creditable. The audience would have been very much larger had the weather been fine. A preliminary meeting to establish a building society was held in Mr. W. C. McFarlane's office on Monday evening, but owing to the inclement weather, and the concert at the Prince of Wales Hall, the attendance was small. It was therefore proposed to postpone the meeting till a future time, of which r due notice will be given in the local papers. There were 88 trucks of fat cattle left Wodonga yesterday, 3rd inst., for Newmarket, Melbourne. The Hon. Mr. Nimmo, Minister of Public Works, has been invited by the Wodonga Shire to visit Wodonga. As the hon. gentleman has been previously invited and promised to visit the locality, and as the invitation is also seconded by the members for the district, the probability is that he will shortly pay us a visit; if so, this would bo an opportune time to call his attention to the state of the Wodonga and Albury road and bridges On the 27th ultimo Mr. Alexander M'Gaffin, second son of Mr. M'Gaffin, a very old and respected resident of Leneva, was united in the bonds of wedlock to Miss M. J. Boyes, daughter of Mr. Councillor Boyes, a gentleman well and favorably known throughout the district. The ceremony was performed by the Rev, W. Johns, Wesleyan minister of Wodonga, at the residence of the bride The bridesmaids were Miss Boyes, sister of the bride, Miss Smith of Williamstown, and Misses Hutchins (2). The bride aud bridesmaids were very neatly and becomingly dressed. There was a very large circle of friends of the bride and bridegroom at the wedding breakfast, who did ample justice to the bountiful provision prepared by the host and hostess. The young people are a very worthy couple, and we wish them God-speed. 