rp H E BANSO MLES&I; Bt the Rev. Dr. Talmaqr, J , nwsro lest He take thee w»y with JBTls stroke; | then » great ranBtm Cannot deiiver snce.— Job | XXTroable makes men mad. It was «o with Job. He had lost his property, he had lost 1 his physical health, he had lost his dear children, and the losses had led tocxaepera- I lion instead of any spicituaiprotit. I suppose that he was in the condition which many are now in who sit before me. There are those here whose fortunes have began to flap their ; wiogBj m though to fly away." / There is a hollow cough in some of yotxr dwellings. There is a subtraction of cbmfolt and happi. neaa, and you feel disgusted with the world, : and 'impatient with many events that are transpiring in your history, and you are in the condition in which Job waB when the : words of my text accosted him—' Beware lest He take thee away with His stroke ; and then a great ransom cannot deliver thee.' I propose to show yon that sometimes God suddenly removes from us our gospel oppor tunities, and that when He haa done So our1 esse is ransomless. 4 Beware lest He take thee away with His stroke, and then a great ransom cannot deliver thee. 1\. Sometimes the stroke comes in the re moval of the intellect. Oh f says some man, ( as long as I keep my mind I can afford to adjourn religion.' But suppose you do not keep it ? A fever, the hurling of a missile, the falling of a brick from a eoaffolding, the accidental discharge of a gun— and your mind is gone. If you have ever been in an ana tomical room, and examined the human brain, you know what a delicate organ it is. And can it be possible that your eternity is, dependent upon the healthy actioo of thai which can be so easily destroyed? Oh !' says some one, yon don't know how strong a mind I have.' I reply — Losses, accident, bereavement, and sickness may shipwreck the best physical or mental con dition. There are those who have been ten years in the lunatic asylums who bad as good a mind as you. While they had their minds rhnv nftfflected God. and when their intellect went, with it went their last opportunity for heaven. Now they are not responsible for | what they do, or for what they say ; bnt in ! the last day tbey will be held responsible for what they did when they were mentally well ; aud if, on that day a soul should say : 'Oh, God, I was demented, and 1 had no respon sibility God will say, 4 YeB, you were demented ; but there were long years when you were not demented. That was yonr chance for heaven, and you missed it.' Oh, better be, as the Scotch say, a little ' daft,' nevertheless having grace in the heart ; better be like poor Richard Hampton, the Cornish fool, whose biography has juBt appeared in England— a silly man he was, yet bringing souls to Jesus Christ by scores and scores- giving an account of his own conversion, when he said : ' The mob got after me, and 1 lost my hat, and I climbed up by a meat- stand, in order that I might not be trampled under foot: and while I was there my heart got on fire with love towards those who were chasing me, and, springing to my feet, I began to exhort and to pray,' Oh, my God, let me be in the last, last day the Cornish fool, rather than have the best intellect God ever created uniUumined by the gOBpel of Jariir Christ ! An Uncertain Possession. — Consider what | sa ud certain possession you have in your I intellect when there are so many things J around to destroy it ; and beware, lest before 1 yon use it making the religious choice, God | takes it away with a stroke. I kaow a good I jmany of my friends who are patting off I religion until the last hour. They ay,_ when J they get sick they will atteivd to it, but j generally the intellect ih beclouded ; and ob ! what a doleful thing it is to stand by a dying bed, and talk to a man about his sottlj and feel, from what you see of the motion of his | hand, aud the glare of his eye, and from what 1 you hear of the jargon of his lips, that _ he I dees not understand wh&tyonaresayingtohim.; j I have stood beside the death-bed of a man I who had lived a sinful life, and was as un- j prepared for eternity as it is possible for: a I man to be, and I tried to make him nttddr- j stand my pastoral errand, but all in vain. He j could not understand it, and se died. Oh ! ye who are putting off until the sick bout' preparation for eternity, let me tell you that, in all probability, you will not be I able in your last hour to attend to it at all. j There are a great many people who say they j will repeat on the death- bed. I have no j doubt there are many who have repented on the death- bed, but I think it is the exception. Albert Barnes, who was one of the coolest of men, and gave no rash statistics, said thus : ' That in a ministry of nearly half a century ' (he was over seventy when he went" np to glory) ' he had known a great many people who said they repented on the dying bed, but, unexpectedly to themselves, got well ; aud he says how many of those. do you suppose, who thought it was tbeir dying bed, and who, after they repented on that dying bed, having got well, lived consistently, showing that it was real repentance, - and not mock repentance— bow many ? Not one ! Not one i' II. Again— this stroke may come to yon in the withdrawal of God's spirit. I eee people before me who were, twenty years ag& serious SDout their souls. They are hot now. Thpy have no interest in what I am saying. They i will never have any anxiety in- what any minister of the gospel Bays about tbeir souls. Their time seems to have passed, I know A man, seventy-five years ef Age, Who, _ in I early life, became almoet s Christian, bnt i grieved away the Spirit of Godj and he has never thought earnestly since, and he cannot j be roused. I do not believe he will be roused uutii eternity flashes on hii astonished vision. -.'J | i does seem as if sometimes, in quite early | life, the Holy Spirit moves upon a heart, and, being grieved away and rejected, never (pen j back. Yon say that is ail Imaginary?/ A letter, the addresB of which l wiu not jpve. hated last Monday morning, caum» jto «oft SB inesday, saying this Yonr sermon lest j ujlfht (that is, 2«8t S»bbath uight) dtd aot fit j ey ease, although! believe itdld all others in V? ® Academy ; but your sermon of a week eg md fit my ease, for £ am " past feeling." X tm a®h"®d to be a Christian. I/wpnW w won be known to be a Christian as anything m. ndeed, I wish I was, bnt I b»ve not be least power to fceoome one. Don't yna vnow that with some persons there is a tiffs S.Tlr,8p,,ritnri n&tures; which, if taken at jue flood, leads on to salvation finch s lide ftUU two years ago. I want you to px? me, not that I may be led to Chriemfor that prayer would not be answered— but ifailtT said m a. pwvate letter v bnt what I have to 5 Sdiencais. Beware lestyon grieve M begone, and never return Next Wednesday; at 2 or 3 o'clock, a CMnardeteamer wiltputoutfrbm JerseyGtty u I LiverpobC After it hfte gone one and the vftBstt is dbwh" by the 4 Nar- ' w?8, «or b®j9Qd,, go out pn the Jersey City Wharf, and wave your band, and shont, anff ttrSi - v rreamei: l;P $Re hack to tbe wbarf. mlj it I Yes, -sooner than the Holy'' Ghost will come back when once He haa b&ken; His anal flight from thy souL , With that Holy Spmt.some of yon have been in-treaty, my dear friends. w The holy Spirit said, ' Come, come to Christ' said, No, I Wont.' The Spirit Said. more importunately, 4 Coine to Christ,' Yott Said. Well, r will after a while, when I get my 1 business fixed np,; when my f rieqds' Cbnlffnt f o my coming ; when they won't laugh at ine I —then I'll come.1 . But thy . Holy Spirit .more emphatically B'aid, ' Cotqe iioiy. , Yon said,; | 1 No, I can't. I can't come nowif And fthat j Holy Spirit stands in your heart to-night, ' I with His hand on the door of your soul, ready I to come out Will you let Him depart ? Jf so, I then, with a pen of T tight dipped in ink of I eternal blackness, the sentence may now be I writing, 4 Ephraim is joined, to biS idols. Let I him alone 1 . Let him alone 1' When that I fatal record is made, yon might sis well brace I yourself up against the sorrows of the last I day, against the ahguiBh of an sufoiffrin I deathbed, against the flame/ and the over- | throw of an undone eternity ; for, though you I may live thirty years after that ia the world, I your fate, would be as certain as tboogb yon had already entered the gates of darkneaa That is the dead line. Look out how you cross it, I "Thereto aline by oe aneeteo, I Thtt crosma evey pith, : I The hidden bbaud&fy; between j God'e patience and His wrath,' j And some of you to-night have come up to I that line. Aye, you have lifted you foot, and when yon pat it down it will be on the other 1 side. Look ont how yon cross it. Oh, grieve I not the Spirit of God, lest He never come j back 1 ; i :-;- I III. This fatal stroke spoken o»f in; the text I may be ou exit from this world. I hear aged | people sometimes saying, 1 1 can't live much 1 longer.' But do you know the fact that there 1 are a hundred young people and' middle-aged people who go ont of this lite; to one aged persou for the simple reason that there are not many aged peopie to leave life ? The aged seemed to stand round like stalks— separate stelks of wheat at the comer of the field ; but when death goes a- mowing he likes to go down amid the thick of the harvest. What is more to the point, a man'B goihg out of this world is never in the he expects. It is never at the time he expects! The znoment of leaving this world is always a surprise. If you expect to go in the. winter; it may be in the summer ; if in summer, it; may. he in the winter; if in the night, it might > be in the daytime ; if you think to go in the daytime, it may be. in the night. Suddenly the event will rush upon you, and you / will be gone. Where? If a Christian into joy. If not a Christian— into suffering. The gospel call stops outside of the door of the Bepulchre. The eleeper. within cannot hear it. If that call should be sounded ont with clarion voice loader than ever rang through the air, that eleepevobhld not bear I it. T suppose every hont at the dly, and now I whilel am speaking, there are souls rnshing into eternity unprepared. They slide from I the pillow, or they slip from the pavement, and in an eletwinkimg they are gone. Elegant and eloquent funeral orations will not do them any good Epitaphs cat on polished Scotch-graaite will not do them any good. Wailing of beloved kindred cannot call them' back. ,.,"x /. But, says someone, 4 III keep out of peril I will not go on the sea; I will not go into battle. I'll keep out of all danger.' That is no defence. Thousands of people last night, on tbeir coaches, with their frontdoor locked, and no armed asB'assin anywhere around, Sur rounded by all defended circumstances, slipped out of this life iuto the next.. If time had been on one side of the shuttle, -and eternity on the other side of the shuttle, they could not have shot quicker across it. 1 A man was saying, 1 My father wasj lost at sea, and my grandfather, and my great grand father. Wasn't it Btrange?' A man talking to him said, ' You ought never to venbqre on the sea, last you1 yourself be lost ti ' The man turned to the other and skid, Where did yonr father die?' He replied, ' In his bed.' ' Where did yonr grandfather die?' 'In his bed.' 4 Where did your great grandfather die?' 4 In his bed.' ' Then,' he said, ' be careful, -lest some night, while you are asleep on your couch, yoiir , time may come.' Horror of Insecurity. — Death alone is sure. Suddenly you and I will go put of life.' Tam not saying anything to yonr soul that I am : not going to say to my own soul. We_have got to go suddenly out of this life. If I am prepared for that change, I do not care where my body is taken from — at what point I ft® taken out of this life HI am ready, all w well. If I am not reftdy, though I 'might be at home, and though my loved ones might be standing around me, and though tbefg' might be the best surgical and medical tfbuity in the room, I tell you,, if I were not prepared, I would be frightened more than; tongueTcan telL It would seem like cowardice, but I am not asbamed to Say that I should have the most indescribable horror about going out of this world if I thought I was unprepared for the next— if I bad no Christ in my souL tor it would be a plunge compared with which A I leap from the top of Mont filano would be I nothing. ... ../,!. Tto most tremendous thought oi jny iex» ie this. It supposes that a man goes into ruin, and that an effort ie made afterwards for too I rescue, and then eaye the thing cannot be SET lBhat so?/ AR®r death that soul, is thereto resurrection? If a man I topples off the edge of life, is there nothing to break bia faJH. H an impenitent goes overboard, grappling-hooks to boiet him The distinctly, 'Then .Jft MfiWm OUWQt SSSf tSd' SSeaoc p> woria o» 1«M.. fecietr bf the lost world«;tbe i an's character and lift tom at iae«. « laml Can we go inta thewmpwwnP | of the lherSumW6f VeaS ; be purified and R(teff upf Is tht fhe kind offtoery thavreforinfl a man ahd preptoes - himitoraeaven? W inld yon go to Memphis !wHb-reyi4towvre'-tt togetyout physioal health restored? Can it .be that a a man may go ffown into, the diseased world —a . world overwhelmed , by, an epidemic, of trahsgreasions— and by that process,! anff in that atmosphere, be lifted hp to health and glory? - Your common sense says, 'No, no.' In each -society as /that, instead of being MBtored; you wouid go down worse" ana worse, plunging e very hoar into deepekdepths of suffering and darkness. What : yout common sense says the Bible reaffirms, when it says, ' These Shall go away into three months of punishment., I have, quoted it wrong. 'These shall go away iuto tea years of punishment.' I have quoted it wrong. 4 These shall go away into a thousand years of. punishment.' I have qnoted. it wrong/ These shall go away into eyerlaat- to|5 pumshment1 And nqsy Xhave quoted it right; or, if you prefer the words of my text, 4 Then a great ransom cannot deliver thee.' Now jnst suppose that a spirit should come down from heaven and knock at the gates of woe and eay, 4 Let that man out. Let me come in and Suffer in his stead, . I will be the sacrifice. Let him. .come out.' Toe grim gaolor would, reply,'- ' No, yon don't know what a place this is, or you would not ask to come in ; besides that, this- man had warning and opportunity of escape. He did not take the warning, anff now 44 a great ransom shall not deliver him. ' 1 ' / Sometimes men are sentenced to imprison ment for life. There comes another judge on the bench, there comes another governor in the chair, and in three or fonr years ypu find the -man, who was sentenced for life in the street. Yon say, 4 1 thought yon were sentenced for life.' 4 Oh,' he says, 'politics are changed, and I am now a free man.' Bnt it will not be so tor a soul at the last. There will be no new judge or new governor. If at the end of a thousand years it might ooine out, it would not be so bad. If there were any, time ih all the fntnre, in quadrillions and quadrillions of years, that the soul might come out, it wonld not be so bad ; but if the Bible be true, it is a state of unending dura tion. Far on in the ages one lost sosl shall cry out to another lost soul, 4 How long have you been here?' and the soul will reply, 4 The years of my ruin are countless. I estimated the time for thousands of years ; but what is the use of estimating when all these rolling cycles bring us no nearer the terminus.' Agesl Ages! Agesl Eternity 1 Eternity I Eternity J The wrath to come ! Tire wrath to come ! The wrath to come ! No medicine to cure that marasmus of the soul. No hammer to strike off the hand-cuff of that incarceration. No burglar's key to piok the locks which the Lord hath fastened. Sir Francis Newport/ in his last moment, caught just one glimpse: of that world. He had lived a sinful life. Before he went into the eternal world, /he looked into it. The last words he ever utterec were, as.he gathered himself up on his elbows in his bed— Oh, the insufferable pangs o : hell !' The lost soul will cry on, 4 1 cannot Btand this ! I cannot stand this 1 Is there no way ont?' and the echo will answer, ' No way out.' And the soul will cry, 4 Is this for ever?' and the echo will answer, 4 For ever.' Is it all trne ? ' These shall go away into ' everlasting punishment, while the righteous go into life eternal.' Are there two destinies !' and mUBt all this audience share one or thi r other ? Shall I give an account tor what ! ! have told yon to night ? Have I held back any truth, though it were plain, though' iii were unpalatable ? Must I meet you there, eh, you dying but immortal auditory ? 3 . wish that my text, with all its. uplifted hands of warning, conld come npon yonr souls. 4 Beware lest He take thee, away with Hie stroke— then a great ransom cannot deliver thee.' Glory be to God, there is a ransom that can deliver you, braver than Grace Darling putting out in a boat from Long tone lighthouse tor the rescue ofthe crew of the Forfarshire steamer— Christ the Lord launched from heaven, amidst the shouting of the angels. Thirty-thieeyears afterwards Christ . the Lord launched from earth for heaven, amid human and infernal execration ; yet Btaying here long enough to save all who wiU irelieve in Him. ' Do you hear that ? To save alt who will believe in Him. Oh, that pierced side I Oh, that bleeding brow J Ob, that crushed foot! Oh, that broken heart ! That is yohr hope, sinner. That is your ransom from sin, and death, and hell. Accept Jesui Christ . Why have I now told you all these things plainly and frankly ? It ia because I know there is redemption for you, and I wonld have yon now come and get it. Oh, men and women long prayed for, and striven with, and coaxed of the mercy of God — have you con centrated all yonr physical, mental, and spiritual energies in one awful determina tion to be iost? Is there nothing in the value of yonr sonl, in the graciousness of Ghriet, in the thunders of the last day, > in the blazing glories of heaven, and the surging wrath of an undone eternity to Btarfc yon onfc of -ypttr ia- difference, and make yon pray? Oh, mud God come npon you in some other way ? Must He take another darling child from yonr house bold f : Must He take another instalmeutfrpoa your worldly estate ? Must He oome upohyen with sorrow after sorrow, and smite yoq down with sickness before yon will be moved, and before you will feel? Oh, weep now, while Jesus will count the teftrs. Sigh now in repentance, white Jesne will hear the griefc Now "dutch the cross of the Son of God before it be swept away. Beware, lest the Holy Spirit JLeave thy heart. Beware, less this night; thy tonl be required of tbea, Beware, lest He take thee away, with His stroke — then a great ransom cannot deliver thee.' Oh, Lord God of Israel, see these impenitent Bonis on the verge of death ready to topple over. See them/ la there no hdp? Is this plea all m vain? Icahnot believe it, blessed God. Oh, thou mighty One; whose garments are red witi) the wine press of Thine oWn suffering, in thegreat- ness of . Thy strength ride through this audience, and may ail this people fail into line, the willing captivea of Thy grace. Men and women immortaL i lay hold yon to-night with both hands of entreaty and .of prayer, and lbegof yon, prepare for death, judgment, and eternity. £ 