THE COLON EL'S DAUGHTER. SCIHAPTER XVI.-CContinued.) ' If I didn't know how to make my self comfortable, I shouldn't know how to make you, Monsieur La grange,' she answered, playfully. And after all, comfort is quite English. But it is nice enough to be 'French.' S'Ah, this is comfort, I beg to observe ? A kettle singing on the hob, two for company, and a delicious cup of coffee in near perspective. But let me put the water in. Your hand "'treibles like an aspen leaf.' , am so happy!' :. Won't you let me help you ?' G? o back to your seat!' she said, ahnilost sternly. ! You want to rob me of a pleasant privilege, and I won't ei. rmit• it. I shall punish you for your presumption, by not allowing .;yoiu'to watch me me make it, as I know you T would like to do.' t .:. 'Must I really ?' he asked, in play f~l deprecation. : Nay, but..you shall. You.make "'?'me nervous ; and I shall have to obey soon. now, I. may as well exact obedience while I can.' ' Very well, then;' and he turned, laughling merrily. 1-.. er hand trembled more than ever now, and there was a strange kind of * eagerness about her, as she dropped the powder.into the coffee-pot, poured the water on it, and then came back to her place. -. It will be ready in five' minutes;' and after you have drunk it, you must really go. Someone might come then I.don't know.what I should do.' 'W«hy, tell the truth.' 'Oh! but I couldn't. You have no -mercy on me at' all, Louis.' L.: hould like to see you courageous, '.,Rita; and roeady to acknowledge the , "oblightions 3ou have incurred \- And so I am ; but I ask'rwo days' :,grace bfofh it is made public. After :t'ha{i ,you may 'say and do..what you : 'You are ahngry, Rita?' 'i o ; what made you think that ?' :;Your tone .was almost, menacing, 'it seomed to me.' -")' It 'is you who have fancies now, Lois. But you may as well have iiiyour coffee ; it must be ready now.'. I'i:Tmn loth to drink it, Rita.' ?Whyy?' she asked, in one sharp, ib reathless word. Because you are going to send mo wiay a'sfterwards.' She gave one long sigh of relief. -Ali, that is it ! Now, Louis, drink .,'imy health in a good long draught.' ' It is too hot for that.' ' Lot it stand two or three minutes; ~t wvill soon cool.' '. Are 'you to have none, or will you ihro mineo ?' ' :..No, you will want quite all that to i:leep the cold out properly. I will mako myself another cup.' She was very busy for about it ~couplo of minutes, during which time the delicious aroma of the coffee filled :the room, and thickened thb . atmos phere. Then she sat down with a :' :peculiarly quiet air, her face shaded not: only fiom the glow of the fire,: but als' from his scrutiny; and quite I:awful iht its pallor. Pr, esently she sprang up. , .. . , 'Now,' she said, taking the cup, which she held towards him with a playful air; 'I am Hobe, and you are one of the gods. I offer you divine nectary-drink !' He took it from her with a smile, sipped it, and paused. ' It tastes very strange, iRita.' ' How, strange ?' ' Bitter, I fancy;' and it has a peculiar flavour, besides.' 'Let moe taste it.' She pressed her' lips against the rim of the cup, but a steady observer might have notedlthat they did not quite touch the liquid, - and 'then handed it' back with a show' of. dis dain: ' Why, Louis, it is simpuly delicious. The fact .is, your palate has been' spoilt by the execrable stuff one gets' in England, and onow you don't knbw good.coffeo when you get it. Drink it directly sir, or I shall feel quite of fended !' She leanitover him, lying almost in his arms, watching every mouthful. eagerly, and kissing him with a kind' of passionate, overpowering pleasure when' it was all gone, down to. the dregs. 'You feel better now, Louis ?" ' I can't say I do yet, Eita ; and it was really nasty, you 'may sayn what you like. I never tasted coffee before -with such a peculiar flavour. Never mind; I have swallowed it all now, and"escaped your displeasure, by a small exercise of self-control, and I shall exact the swoetest of . sweet kisses as a reward.' She folded him in her arms with a convulsive pressure, listened' to his loving, murmured words smilingly, and then drew herself away, and bade him go. Opening the sash, he stepped out into the cold, starry night ; a sudden shiver, that darted through him so sharply that ho-mistook it for a pang, seizing him as heoissued forth. He had gone but a few yards, when he heard 'Mademoiselle Rita's voice. 'Louis !' ' My love !' ' Say Heaven bless you, Rita ; I for give everything !' ' Heaven.bless you, Rita; I forgive everything !' ' You will say your prayers to-night, of all nights in the year?' ' Do you mean that I'have so much to be grateful for just now ?' ' Yes- yes; that is what I mean of course !' Goodnight!' CHAPTER XVII. FOUND DEAlD. .rCL'E was in a burning fever the next morning, as Jane had fearedwould be the case. She. did- nothing else but talk of th .ghost; not raving, but mentally excited all the same,' and dwelling persistently upon one idea, as people whose minds are disturbed are wont to do. The Colonel, too, looked haggard and ill as he entered the breakfast roomi. He had not found a substitute for Louis,. and in the meantime the butler had been waiting .upon him; and his bungling service had rendered the master so irritable, that he almost wished now that he had retained Louis in spite of everything. Only' mademoiselle, fresh, smiling, and.tranquil, took her seat in front of the urn, with the air of a person who enjoyed life immensely, and meant to do justice to the good things on the board. ' You are looking very pale,' she said, to the Colonel after his morning .greetings were over. ''You are not ill Ihope ?' ' Not exactly, but Fox is so stupid, I can't make anything of him. He nearly cut my throat this morning shaving moe Louis -uhderstood my ways, you know, and was remarkably ready and quiet in his service. I shall never get one like him again.' ' Why didn't you keep him, then ?' inquired MademoiselleRita, scornfully. ' Because, my dear, he.was insolent to you!' ' But I didn't care, if you didn't !' ' I did care! ? I wouldn't allow it, indeed! Anyone who insults you, insults me !' 'You are very good, Colonel, but you don't think enough of yourself and of your own comfort. Louis did your work; and you should, therefore, have retained him without any reference to my feelings.' - 'TWhat do you take me for?' he asked, indignantly. 'For a kind, true gentleman,' she responded, with great warmth; ' but still, when I reign here, I shall see thant your, comfort is the first thing at tended to.' 'Don't you reign here now ?' 'Not quite.' 'What prevents it ?' ' Your daughter.'. She will: hbe gone soon, at any rate.' 'I doubt it. She :pretends to be very ill, in order to delay her marriage, of course; and if hers is delayed, ours mus6t be also,' Isuppose.! ' 1'11 see Alice myself this morning, atid bring her. to reason,' said. the infatuated Colonel. 'I won't wait'for my happiness, to please her or any body.' ' But if she resists ?' ' Do you suppose I mean to let her humbug me? Deilay our ,marriago, indeed! - I would rather have her carried to church!' ' But, my dear sir, we: mus?t think 'of the world a little.' ' Who cares fdio the world; R-ita ? Not I! Besides, if I had wanted t6 mari ry-:her 'to some poor devil wvho hadn't a p~mny,'they miglht have coni plained; aundI am surmO I couldn't 'do better for her thaniI am doing.' \- ' Only, you see, she doesn't happen to think so, unfortunately.' ' Then she ought.'" . ' I quite agree with you; only that young, people are so hpadstro0'g: lnd independent now-a-days, and will have their own wny, if they can get it. And Miss Cameron, being an only child, has been over-indulged.' 'Perhaps so,' saidthe Colonel; 'but I'll bring her to reason !' And he assumed a truculent air, as he began to fill his plate with dainties. He had eaten one mouthful, and one only, of raised pie, and was just congratulating himself that, in spite of Fox's bungling, he had a tolcrable appetite, after all, when the door opened, and the very person who was just then in his thoughts, entered. Fox's face showed that. heo came upon no light errand. '.Might Ispeak with you a minuto alonie, sir ?' ' What,: at my breakfast: timou ? Certainly not!' exclaincd the Colonel, indignantly. ' But, sir, the constables are waiting in the hall to see you !' ' ',The constable !' echoed Madenloi selle Rita, cowering back; with a white face. ' What cian the constables want hered?' ' They want Colonel Cameron.' 'But why?' she urged. And now that the shock was over, mademoiselle sat upright again, and managed to smooth her face. ' They wish to toll their business to master,' answered the butler; who, although he knew their errand, was determined not to gratify mademoi selle's curiosity. ' But it is a very odd thing, indeed, just as a gentleman is sitting down to breakfast; and only some stupid case about poaching, I dare say, after all. Send them to the door here; that is to say, if mademoiselle doesn't object.' ' Oh, no !' She left the table, and went to the fire-place, before which she knelt a minute, letting the hot flames bring a little colour into her pallid cheeks. But when they arrived she was ready for them, and was standing with one hand resting on the mantelpiece, as calm and haughty as any queen. 'Well, Lowe-well, Markham, what does all this mean ?' inquired the Colonel, irritably. ' Couldn't you let me have my breakfast in piece ?' 'I am very sorry, sir; but the busi nessispressing. LouisLagrange- ' ' Has been stealing, or something, I suppose?' ' Nothing of the kind, sir !' A faint cry had risen to Mademoi selle Rita's lips at the first sound of this name; but she smothered it heroically; and Markham, who had noticed it, fancied now that he must have been mistaken. ' But it is of no business of mine, under any. circumstances,' replied the Colonel, irritably. ' The fellow has left my house.' ' But he cat his last meal in it, sir.' ' And what of that ?' ' Only that he was poisoned, sir !' ' Poisoned !' The Colonel glanced at Mademoiselle Rita; but her face was as rigid and calm as if cut in marble, and her eyes avoided his eyes steadily. ' Poisoned!' he repeated. ' There must be some mistake !' 'No, sir, a gentleman whose name is not given, found him at twelve o'clock last night sitting on a bank close to Aylesford Wood, and in the agonies of death. He went to a cottage close by, and sent a man to fetch the doctor; but Louis Lagrange died.before he returned.' 'Good heavens ! And you say he had been poisoned ?' 'From the gentleman's description, and the position of the body after death, there is no doubt but he had had a strong dose of poison within a short time.' ' But he left this house at seven !' 'The gentleman who was present at his death says that he saw him in these grounds at eleven o'clock.' ' At eleven o'clock !' 'If, therefore, we could prove that he took supper here, we should have some kind of clue. It may be jealousy, sir, or something of that kind; for the gentleman is sure, from what passed between them at the last, that Louis Lagrange did not commit suicide.' ' You can make what inquiries you like in the house.' 'Thank you, sir.' ' And if you'll sit down in the hall, I'll be ready for you in a minute or two. I will have the matter sifted to the very bottom, and if the offender were my own daughter, she should meet with no mercy at my hands. Still;, I incline to the opinion that Louis Lagrange died a natural death, after all; for I do not see who could have had any motive for wishing to get rid of him. At the same time, something may come to light during our exami nation which may guide us in fixing on the criminal; and if so, as I said before, you shall find me inflexible in the administration of justice.' The Colonel finished his breakfast, and then went into the hall, where theconstables were waiting. It would be useless to give in full the whole of the long examinatiou ; it suffices to say that they elicited nothing of any consequence, all the servants concurring in one statement-namely, that Louis Lagrange had left the hall at seven o'clock. (To 'Bo continued.) 