THE TANTALUS ROUND TABLE. BRISBANE SCHOOL OF ARTS. BY VJSISOXIWAI. On Saturday, 9th July, 1881, appeared in tho Daily Observer the first of theso "Tantalus Round Tnblo" ohats about now* booka. From that day to this day theao ohats havo continued to appear, with reasonable regularity, at the rato of about ono a month, for on this day Saturday, 9th July, 1S87, j*our oj'es, fpionds, rost upon tho sevouty-first papier of tho set. All I uimod at when I bogan theso sorawls, all I have aimed at during thoir continuance, and all I now or shall henceforth aim at, has boen, is, and will bo Bimply lo givo mjr co-inombors an idea of the drift of the now books whioh havo from timo been added or which may bo added to tho book stock of tho institution. I havo novor sought to bo looked on as a critio, or a roviower, but simply as a talkative friond who desiros to not ns a sort of Indicator to tho good things going. In such spirit and with such intent let us ns opportunity oifers still go on togotlior. Sinco wo last sat at this tablo and chatted together, now about a month ago, a fow now books have boen plaood upon the tnblo aud tho sholvos ; and although it may bo none of thoso can bo rightly declarad to bo of eminently first-rate importance, thero aro somo whioh aro worthy a word of welcomo and opening out. " About tho Thontro : Ebsays aud Studios," by William Archer, author of "English Dramatists of To-day," is a book whioh should find readers among tho many fréquentera of tho theatro; and those, I can imagino, will find both instruction and ontortainmont in its pages. Tho book is of ton chapters ; of thoso I oponed up two-tho chapter ou "Critios' Euslish," and that bonded "Tho Stage of Greater Britain. ' ' Tho former had somo attraction for mo, for al- though I am not a frequouter of thoatros, I do, not seldom, find myself reading tho notices of theatre performances which appear in tho local papers, and I havo often boon btruok with tho terminology, or Bajr teolmolo¡*y, of thobo re- ports. All who read theso notices know well that tlie theatro oritio alwaj's and overyvvhoro runs heavily upon Fronch words ; every report has such words stuck up aud down in it like, and thick, as plums in a good plum- pudding. Mr. Arohor insists that this too-provalont praotieo is an insult to our inothor-tonguo, that that tongue has words quito fit to express auy idea, or opinion, or fact which tho oiitio is called upon to record. I think Mr. Arohor is very likely right. Whou I oponed up tho other chapter named, I fancied tho author might havo something to say about tho stago in Australia, but I found that tho term " Greater Britain " was only okbtio enough to take in Aroorica. Ho seems to sug gost Bomothing liko a self-supporting interna- tional theatro, but as I do not fool any alightest interest in that or any liko sohoino I say nothing moro about it, but loavo all who do fool any interest in it to go to tho book itself for paitioiuiu.'-*.. "Books and Bookmen," by Andrew Lang, should find friondB among book-lovers, for Mr. Lang is j'ust tho man among mon to write about books. Ho has such a big stool: of book-loro on hand, and such a happy knack of putting that loro beforo his friouds. In this book ho writes about Elzovirs, tibput parish rogisters, Japanoso bogio books, literary for- geries, biblio-mnnia in Franco, old kreuch titlo pagos, and othor things. Tho chapter ou Japanoso bogie books is curious and vvoird, illustrated by strango pictures and oonlniniug somo fuunjr speculations about tho natura aud habits of ghosts. Tho chapter on parish registers is interesting as proof of Mr. Lang's skill. Of till books in tho world surely parish registers shoidd be classed among what oharm ing Elia onlls "books whioh aro no booka biblia arbiblia," aud yet out of matter BO dry and unlikely Mr. Lung makes a. very readable chapter, oquaUhig surely tho skill of a cook who can make a toothgomo dish out of a pair of old boots or a worn-out saddle. " Tho Egyptian Oumpuigns 1882-18,85, nnd tlio events whioh led to thom," in two volumes, by 0. Roylo, barrister-at-law, ia, so far us loan discover, what it purports to be, aud any who dosiro to know the story of trouble in Egypt may safely take those- two volumos in httud. Mr. Roylç disclaims any special qualification for tho tusk ho sot himself, beyond perhaps tho in np way slight ono of ten years' rosidouco iii Egypt, but ho vory evidently has other fitiuws fpr tho work. He has a clear idea and opinion about Egj'ptian matters, matters about whioh English statesmen, both Conservativo and Liboral (yes, oven Gladstone), havo BO sadly blundered. As to English occupanoy ho is definite enough ; ho says in words or in offoot, 'Put tho Administration really, instead of nominally and half »hem lodi y, under English control, discard all idea of going away iu t\vo, or in twenty, or in two hundred years, lot Eng- land mnko boreolf responsible for Egyptijio finances and ipi* tho safoty of Europeans, aud stick to Egypt ' No kaüincas abput that at any rato. The story is brought down to tho ovaouation of tho Soudari, subsequent to tho dire dosortipn and doath pf Gordon-ono of tho blunders of English statesmanship whioh pro- voke swearing in capitid letters. " Letters from Heaven," presumably from tho German, and, presumably also, inducod by tho success of tho correspondence from tho other placo-tho placo not beavçn. T'¡o writer hegins at tho beginning, for tho oponing sen- tence i» " You will romomber tho day on which I died," and tho writer ÍB supposod to ho a woman, for we road, " Only once moro will my motherly affection yearn towards you." Tustea differ, as do oouBtitutipn'id aptitudes. I do, howovor, find mysolf wondoritig as to what tho taste and ooimtitution must bo which can enjoy and fiad fattening food in such stuff as this. For all that, this book will bo run on I firpcy; houvon and KB onjoytnents boing BO much moro attraotivo than earth and ita duties. "Per Maro, por Torras; being a visit to Now Zealand, bj'Australia, for tho examination of certain lauds tbore, during 1883,81, and America 188j," by Archibald Suttor, C.E., Edinburgh, is anothor, and not largo, hook about us south-world folk by a globe-trotter. Albany, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney uro dealt with only as by the way (Mr. Suttor carno out by tho P. and 0. boat G'urthago). Tho bulk of the book deals with Now Zealand. I do not know how tho book stands, as to its truth, as compared with tho production of that other globo-trotter, who produced a book whioh irato New Zealand folk say ia- anything you liko but truth. Tho book is well printed and to bo read with pleasure, but look at theso books in any way you like, it is a dangerous thing for oven a clover man, whether ho be a literary fellow or a civil engineor, to gallop in hot haste through a country and thon writo a book about it-sure to mull it. "Ireland Sinco tho Union-Sketches of Irish History, 1798-1886," hy J. II. M'Çarthy, M.P., dedicated to Winiam Ewart Qlàdstouo "as a brief record of a wrong ho has dono so much to right, and an enmity he has reconciled. ' ' In ono chapter Mr. M'Oarthy eloquently and well describes tho passionate) eloquenco with which Mr. Gladstono introduced that fumous Coercion Bill of his, moro ooeroivo than is the Coeroion Bill ho now, with oloquence not less passionate, condomns. Twisted round about, tho W. E. G. of to-day pleads for a devilish coercion, which ho aforetime hated and with passionate eloquence condemned. I turned up a pago oa whioh Mr. M'Carthy speaks of " boycotting." Ho says, " It is not aggressive, nothing was to bo done to the obnoxious person, but also nothing was to bo done for him. This is strictly legal. The law cannot compel a man to buy or bell with one of his follows against his will." That btaggered mo by its coolness ! doaling with ono of tho cruellest developments of modern times, it is positively freezing. I havo on my book Bhelvcs a Church history, and tho way in which tho writer treats of tho bloody persecutions was, I had fancied, unapproachable ; but Mr. M'Carthy comes up right abreast of him. This, like most things, depends for its seeming upon the sido from which you look at it. Let a man hereabout advertibo to-morrow for a borvunt, and let him say, "No Irish need apply;" let him urgo that tho law cannot compel any man to engago as his servant any of a class obnoxious to him, and we should soon hear something very much liko a hurricane of a whino about it, from thoso of Mr. M'Carthy's way of thinking, who liko him write or speak so coolly about boycotting. They may boycott and terrorise, but nobody else must do it. One critic of this book suggested, I romombor, that ' it is open to quostion vvhothor Mr. M'Carthy is so brilliant a writer as to bo entitled to bo heed- less ns to tho ucouracj- of his hiitorj*. On that pomt I offer no opinion ; but this opinion may bo hauarded that very fow of us or'nary folks had, until this book appeared, any fair notion kow hugo a host of "briUinnt young mon," " puro-hearted patriots," "gifted poets," ''horoio vvomon, ' "high-mindod," "coura- geous," "rofincd," " vvoll-oduoatod" pooplo woro among tho agitators of Mr. M'Curthy'a party ! His high praito of Stephous, and his glorification of tho murderers of Sergeant Brett will suit tho tasto of some, but let us hopo of only a fow of thoso who read this book. " Purloyings with certain pooplo of impor- tance iu theil* day, to wit" (soven mimos aro givou), " introduoodbyatLialoguobotweon Apollo and tlio Fates, couoludod by auother betwoou John Fust and his frionds," by Robert Browning. I mimo this, not with tlio intent of b'aying anything about it, but simply to lot tho mouibora know that tho book ÍB hero. My reason for this oourso is good and souud to tho core-I don't imdorstand Browning. I havo tried two or throo tiraos to got under, or through him, but I fuilod. I shan't try again. " Oraugos and Alligators : Skotehos of South Florida Lifo," is ti travel book by ono Iza Dufl'us Hardy. Experiences with whites and fun with blacks, onjoj'inout of luboiotis oranges, and hunting of voraoious alligators, aligo, with other things to fill up tho chinks to make an onjoyablo book. "India undor British Rulo, from tho Foun- dation of tho East India Company," by J. Talboys Whooler, a gonüomon having tho qualification for his work whioh long ouioiul connection with India furnishes. It is just buch a book as I havo long longed for-a compact but authorltativo statement of tho acquisition and govornmont of our Lidian Bmplro. Whllo tho acquisition has to too great an extent boon by forco and fraud, and tho Government by no moans freo from follj-, tho assertion may bo safely mudo that India ^as bow largely botterod by British rulo. I dropped casually upon noticoB of throo among many social reforms brought about by tho British. Tho first groat sooiul reform was effected hi 1797 by Sir John Shoro (Lord Tei^nmouth) who at that date put a Btop to tbo terrifying practico of " sitting in dharrni," soo p. 81. In 1802 Lord AVoUosloy abolishod tho practico of sacrificing living children by throw- ing them to alligators at tho mouth of tho Gtingoa, and iu 1829 Lord Bentinck abolishod " svttoo," tho practico of burning hying widows with tlio bodies of thoir dead husbands. Those gains do surely count for something. Tho book is dourly printed, and is a vory rcadublo contribution on ii vory concerning matter. I nimio noxt two books ou ono subject, "Twoiity-ono Years' Work in tho Holy Land (a record and a bummary), 22nd Jiuio, 1805 22nd Juno, 18S0," and "Haifa; or, Lifo in Modern Palestino," by Laurenco Oliphant. Of tho former, a small book, I may Bay at onco that I consider it a capital spooimcu of tbo boiling- down of a big matter to small dimousions. Tho book is designed as an answer to tho question often asked-why has tho " Palestino Exploration Fund " published no résumé of its work ? and a vory completo and oli'eotivo answer it is. Tho foundation of tho Fund hi Willis's Rooms ÍB briolly givou, tho aim and mothods of tho Fund aro cloarly stated, and a résumé givon of tho results of tho first and all after expeditions. Of tho latter moio may bo said, us tho book ainiB at rapro. As it ia by Lauronco Oliphant I nood not waste words to provo or urgo that it is çlovorly and clearly written, That ho might bo freo of tho worrying whirl of lifo as it is m civilisation, ho in cold blood out himsolf oil from it, and wont to livo hi a quiot Bpot nour Carmel, and ho has lived thoro no*¡v about bis years. Ho hiiB thoro hod opportuuitios for knowing tho work of tho ugonts of tho " Palostino Exploration Fund," and ho thoroughly npprooiatos it. Ho, howpvor, rightly thought that ho opuld opver ground th'oy could not touch-tho I¿fo of tlio Palestino pooplo of to-dtty-and this ho very cortainly doos. And this reoQrd of his explorations, ox perienoos, and opinions is moro than interest- ing. Ho uoilhor aims at tho establishment nor tho dostruptipu of any tbpprios about Biblical mutters, but in a directly personal monitor doals with Bconbjo thing« and living popplo, giving no ond pf nnliqunriau and other facts in a quita oyery-day sort of fashion, making Palostino a very roal placo, aud its pooplo vory muck othor than merely fanphiB. Tho vplumo is mado up of botween sixty nud seventy loiters vvritton by Mr. Oliphant to tlio New York Sim botwoon Novomber, 1882, and November, 1885, all tho lottera passing through tho hands of Mr. 0. A. Daua. That goutlomnn rightly considered that ¿hoy ought te bo gathorod to- gether jn a book. He riuggosted und advised accordingly, and so, thanks to Mr. Lana, hero w tho book. Tp Biblical studonts in parlioidar this book and tho ono niimod next tetero it bhoidd provo vory attruofcivo and in- structive, but npt to Buch emly ; tho ethnolo- gist and philosopher may in thom find rioh pabulum. "Tho History of Religion iuEnglaiid, from tho opening of tho Long Parliament to tho ond of tho Eighteenth Century," in six vohtmoa, by John Slougbton, D.D., is a work of high viiluo and scholarly stylo, which will ho attractivo to probably but fow of tho mouibora. Tho fow wbo do work through tho volumes will, how- ever, gain much by their toil. Tho doctor deals with tho Churoh of tho Civil Wara, of tho Commonwealth, of tho Restoration, of tho Revolution, andof the Georgian ora, nndall with tho hand of a master. I commend tho volumes to all vvhoBO desire is for sound information, and common BOUSO as sound, on tho Bubjcct tho volumos cover. For realiy solid historical reading of anothor sort allow mo to commend the throo volumes of " Historical Essays," by E. A. Freeman, M.A., &c.; Tho essaya appear us first, second, and third series. Each series comprises about u dozen essays, all of whioh had previously appeared in BUndry reviews. Tho first sories 1ms roachod a fourth edition ; tho second series a second. Thoy aro scholarly, pliilosophical, and matterful ; not books where- with to vvhilo away a woury hour, but booka which olaim from their reader continued con- centration of thought. Tho first aeries inoludoa tho paper on "St. Thomas of Canterbury," whioh provoked aomo controversy-notably with Mr. Froudo. Mr. Freeman claims for ii Beckett on honourable position, not indeod a placo beside Alfrod and Athelston, or Langton and Bo Montford ; but as a great and horoio Englishman, wortby of a placo among tho worthies of whom England ia proud, although, fortunately for her, tho principies which ho aocopted and for which ho contended did not take root. To a perhaps emull numbor of tho mombora thoso volumes will furnish rich and profitablo enjoyment. " Miscellanies," by Algernon Charles Swin- burne, is chiefly a poet's proso about poota. Tho papera havo appeared bofoio mostly in monthly roviows, and thoy aro worth pre- serving thus. Commg from tho Prince of Superlatives none will expect those essays to be wanting in emphatic and high statement and they are not. Of poets we have placed beforo us Chaucer, Spenser, Milton-with Dante and Villon by tho way-Dryden, Pope, Butler, Swift, Prior, Congreve (with a conse- quential Parliamentary meaning glance at Wycherley, Vanbrugh, Farquhar, Sheridan, and Moliere), Collins, Gray, Wordsworth, Byron, Shelley, Southey, Scott, Coleridge, Arnold, Wither (in a talk about Lamb), Landor, Keats, Tennyson, Musset, and others. Swin burne's ideas" about fiction find vent in papers on Emily Bronte and Charles Reade, and tho wholo set is rounded off with an historical num- mary of tho case of Mary Queen of Scots. Swinburne is ever worth listening to when he speaks about literature and literary people, although his pomposity, roundaboutness, irony, hyperbole, vehemence, and sundry other minor literary immoralities do not seldom make a quiet sober reader a great deal mad with him. "My Lifo as au Author," by Martin Farquhar Tupper, D.C.L., F.R.S., should find many leaders, if only for old sako's sake, for who among book-lovers who havo reached, say, .10 years-who of thom does not romembor his affection for "Proverbial Philosophy," a book which in tho '50'B bold with a rush Uko unto wildfire, brought its author by that salo £500 te £800 a year, and gave him and his publisher, Mr. Hatehard £10.000 to divido botwoon thom. I plead guilty to tho survival of a vory largo lovo for tho boole now, although I know such a confession will oauso somo vory wiso wiseacres to smilo and shako thoir vvlsdom woighted pates with a pitying smilo. Mr. Tuppor has been a lucky man, novor guilty of undervaluing ldmsolf, mid now, at 76 or 77, full of happy solf-complaconcy, ho writes tho story of his lifo. Tho book is teeming with interesting rorainisconces of mon and womon, and happenings, and is worth reading if only bcciiuso it shows how happily, contentedly, and worthily a mau may livo oven in theso rushing prosaio timeB. To many tho book will bo worthy for othor wasons. " Tho Autobiography of Gtoorgo Pox, from his Journal," oditod by nonry Stanley New- man, is a biography of another sort. I am vory much not a Quiikor, but I should stand socond to but fow, if to nny, in my admiration of that estimable quiet pooplo. This George Fox, founder of Quakorism, will rank somo day moro fully than ho docs at prosent as a prophot of tho Highest. This autobiography of his is a vory vivid pieco of work, and largoly rovoals tho sort of giit which went to tho making of tho onrly Quakors. As a mero prosontinont of tho English lifo of tho day it is a romarkiiblo book, equal in its way to Evelyn and Pepys. This world, luckily for it, has boon blossod by tho prosonco and the work of many mon-and perhaps somo women-of whom, if tho expression may bo usod of mortals, it may bo said they wero " God inspired." Fox was such a man, so was Savanorola, so was Franois of Assissi, mid how many others, dutering it may bo in all things else, but in thia lillico. It is onsy onough for mon to laugh at suoli mon-any fool can do that-bottor try to dd tho work thoy did. Say thoy wero nnrrovv, say thoy woro bigoted, say thoy woro super- stitious, thoy woro so no doubt, but tlioy had a whita-hoat pafsion for PughtoounnoHS, and 13,000 of tho Quakors woro so fully inspired by tho faith thoy hold as to go to gaol, and somo of thom Btny thoro a long timo, rathor than ho unfaithful to tho faith that was in thom. Bravo follows ! roal brioks ! and yot who ovor heard Quakors whino about thoir porsaoutions mid martyrdoms ? I havo folt half inolinod to say a word or two about a novel I havo just road, "ThoSilouco of Dean Maitland ;" porhaps it will bo hotter to allow my itioliiuition m that dircotiou to romain hut half grown. I may, howovor, having niiuiod tho book, go so fur «s to say it got fast hold of mo : thrilled mo through, and yioldod mo somo gratification. Havvtliorno's "Soarlot Lotter" did tho sanio but moro so. Anyway they who uro in sourcil of a povvorful, puthotio, clover novel -nay Biifoly iuquiro at tho counter for this book. AVo may now, my friends, riso from our " Round Tablo" ohat, and go our separate various ways for a timo ; carrying with IIB tho hopo that some other day wo may moot again when othor books may draw us, and niako us talkative. > 