 CHRISTMAS EXAMINATION WATCHORN-STREET RAGGED SCHOOL The annual distribution of prizes at this school prior to breaking up for the Christmas holidays took place at the schoolroom yester- day morning. The major part of the pro- ceedings took place in the schoolroom de- voted to the senior classes, which was hung with greenery and flowers, and made to look very presentable. Lady Hamilton and Miss Hardy were present from Government House, Mrs. James Macfarlane, lady superintendent of the school, Mrs. Kerr, Misses Livingstone, Wrainch, and other ladies being present, while the Rev. S. B. Fookes, Canon Dicker, and Rev, W. A. Kyd were in attendance, and Mr. J. B. Mather and the Revs. R. Maclaren Webster and I. K. McIntyre attended as a deputation from the Bible Society. A hymn was sung by the children, after which the Rev. S. B. Fookes offered the Lord's Prayer and read the 8th Psalm ; then came a recitation by one of the senior scholars, ''The Wreck of the Hesperus," and the senior class was given a reading lesson by the head teacher, Miss Williamson. They were afterwards exercised in spelling and parsing, and the Rev. S. B. Fookes then briefly examined them on their knowledge of geography and Scripture. They answered in these subjects exceedingly well. The next class then came up, and Lady Hamilton gave them a reading lesson, following it up with a few questions on the lesson, and an examination in spelling, in which the youngsters acquitted themselves fairly well on the whole, though the orthography of the word bacon was presented in some fantastic shapes at their hands. After some more singing and recitations an adjournment was made to the infant classroom, where the very little children sang a simple air, and sang it very well. They were then taken into the senior classroom, where Lady Hamilton distributed the prizes to the prize winners. They consisted for the most part of books, but a few boxes of water colours and other trifles were substituted. Three special prizes given by Lady Hamilton were allotted as follows :- Good conduct, Fred- erick Sly ; needlework, Sarah Bullock and K. Mason. Mrs. Macfarlanes prize for regu- larity in attendance fell to Lily Shepherd. Samuel Jolley and Fanny Blowfield coming next in order. The prize for mapping fell to George Jolley. The map of England, which secured this prize, was exhibited with several others in the schoolroom, and specimens of needlework by the girls were also displayed. As an incentive to the girls to do their best, each one making a garment was presented with it. The prize giving over Lady Hamilton addressed the children, pointing out to them the benefits of punctuality in attending school, of assisting others, whether parents or companions, and of making the most of their means. A good deal of practical instruction was conveyed in her ladyship's remarks. The Rev. S. B. Fookes then thanked Lady Hamilton for attending that morning and distributing the prizes, and also thanked all those present who had aided in any way, Mr. J. B. Mather then announced that the Bible Society had determined to present each child with a copy of the Jubilee Testa- ment. These testaments, which are printed in a small but clear type, bear on the fly- leaf a facsimile of Her Majesty's hand- writing in the words, " On earth peace, good- will towards men. Victoria Reg, Windsor Castle, March 8, 1887." They were distri- buted, and a large basket of cakes was then brought in and handed round, after which cheers were given for Lady Hamilton, and the children were dismissed. . LOWER COLLINS STREET RAGGED SCHOOL. The annual prize-giving at this school took place yesterday afternoon in the presence of a goodly number of ladies and gentlemen, The Rev. S. B. Fookes, M A., presided, and there were present Messrs. J. B. Mather, W. A. Weymouth, and the Rev. McIntyre as a deputation from the Bible Society ; Mesdames Kerr, Barratt, and Scott ; Misses Burnett, Mather, Grey, Wright, Pierce, and others. Proceedings were opened by Mr. Mather reading the 58 Psalm, the Rev. S. B. Fookes offered prayer, and then fol- lowed a number of songs and recitations by the children led by Miss Ryan. The dis- tribution of prizes then took place, relieved at intervals by songs from the children, and this concluded, the company adjourned to the infant school, where the little ones, under the leadership of their teacher, Miss Proctor, sang several songs. Returning to the senior schoolroom, after a few more reci- tations had been given and some singing by the scholars, a number of Jubilee Testaments were distributed, the Rev. I. K. MciItyre delivered an address, and put a few ques- tions on general subjects, after which the Rev. S. B. Fookes thanked those present for their attendance, three cheers were given for him, for Mr. Mather, and for the teachers, buns were distributed, and the prize distri- bution ended. KING STREET SCHOOL. The annual prize, distribution took place yestorday morning. ' The report spoko of tho satisfactory progress of the' school, the number attending,averaging more than tho required 25. The work iu lettering,^ free- hand, drawing, Latin, Algebra, and history clasBca being better than any previous year. Mr. T. Durcy distributed the prizes, and tho Rev. Mr.1 Palfroyraan spoko of tho interest ho felt in montai training and moral character of the lads under his caro,, and said though he had not a long rocord of school work, several of his pupils were worthily filling places of trust in the city. The following is the prize-list : - FIRST FORM.-A. W. Palfreyman; algebra, Latin, and writing ; H. V. Allison, drawing aud essay: C. Snook, best map; second writing ; H. F. Hope, highest number of marks, second algebra and Latin ; , A Round, best lettering, diligence, and good conduct ; J. Rogers, general improvement. SETON» FORM.-T. Boberts, arithmetic and good conduct ; C. Moore, authography and general improvement; A. H.I Palfrey man, dictation, Latin, history ; O. V. Rus- sell, highest number of marks and diligence ; G. Ebdon, improved lessons and second good conduct ; C. Russell, lettering and general improvement. ' ' I THIRD FORM.-H. Grubb, reading, history and arithmetic ; A. Gregory, highest number of marks and general improvement; W. B. Shawe, first for nine months ; Jo. Taylor, improvement in writing, arithmetic, and dictation ; J. Rogers, good conduct and general improvement. ' ' 'FOURTH FORM.-A. Dalygliesh, »¡ghost nuinbor of marks, first in freehand drawing, lettering, and arithmetic; W. Dalton, will- ing obedience and general improvement ; J. Hales, good conduct ; G. Roberts, Improve- ment in lessons ; T. Hume, second good con- duct and general improvement ; A. Dillon; diligence and writing ; H. Grubb, general improvement. i ' / ', FIFTH FORM.-0. Burge, good conduct and improvement in lessons ; H. Roberts, truth- fulness ; H. Martin, cheerful obedience ; G. Williams, general improvement. SOUTHERN STAR HALL SCHOOL. The annual gathering and distribution of prizes at this school took place yesterday morning. The scholars were photographed by Mr. Jas. Stewart. The principal (Mr. W. F. Mulhall), announced that Messrs. E. R. Ash and Jas. Stewart had consented to adjudicate, and hoped that their decision would give satisfaction. Recitation Prize. First class-" Charge of the Ligbt'Brlgode," G. Mackay ; second elaas-"The w'ell.of St. Kayne," A. Johns; third class-"The wind in a frolic," G. Creswell. The r result in each class mot with unanimous approval., The prizes gained for the various branches of instruction were announced by Mr. Mulhall, and presented by Mr. A. Kirk to the successful scholars, accompanied with sound advice. The "Bait" prize for arith- metic 'was gained by Master Berftio McDonald, who ' also won it last year. This special prize ia the gift ot Mr. Alderman Rait. Master i F. W. Miller 'played several national selections on the violin in a creditable manner, and shows algos of becoming a promising player. His effort met with rounds of applause. .' The -good conduct prize, the gift of Mr. T. L. Hood, was awarded to Alfred Buchanan, on tbe vote of bis schoolmaster. At the con- clusion of the presentation of prizas Master Thomas Gibbons, on behalf of the sobolars, presented Mr. Mulhall (with an address and several photographs of Tasmanian scenery. Mr. Mulhall, in replyiug, said thatthey could not have pleased him better thau with the gift they had made, at the same timo ho thanked Mr. Alderman Rait and Mr. T. L. Hood for thoir gifts. Chr-ers woro theui given in a hearty atyle for all who had con-' tributed to the success of tho gathering. As the scholars left they woro haudod cards wishing them a Merry Christmas aud a Happy Now Year. ' ' ' r Mr. S. B. Pitt, jim., of Elizabeth-street, writes:-" lu report of proceedings of tlio Scotch College annual prize giving, the name of Rev. G. Sharp was substituted for that of Rev. D. Annear as' having addressed tlio i boys.1 Both gentlemen wera present'^ but1 the former having to leave' early,' left' au' apology. ' The n'amo of Ai1 Pitt was1 inadver- tently omitted'from tholistofprlzotakers¿ he having taken'»ne'prize'for'*Latin in the, ssôood'olas».'''-- - >J < .>*> ^'iid ."^'..«-a"1 ll wi 