THE I3RAG WELL PAPERS. .Melbourne hnes got its new bishop, and so far, thie episcopal ,"now broom" appears to sweep sutficiently clean to satisfy all who are members of the Anglican " household of faith." No doubt Bishop Geeoo was duly gratified wi:h his Spencer street welcome, and auhso quosnt Town Hall and other domonstra lions, all of which hav gone gone very far to impress him with the couvictilon that we are a very, hearty, hospitablo people. Coming, as he does, direct from the old country, destitute even of the slightest modicum of "colonial experience," our now prelate will doubtless meet with a few "eye- openers" as regards the social manners and customs of this antipodean region-a region wheore, freed from old time prejudices and sacerdotal obligae tions, the people think their own thoughts, and, with untlranmelled liberty, act according to their own impulses, especi ally in matters of faith; a rogion where advowsons and enforced tithes are thigsu unknown. And yet, take us all in all, we are a church-loving people. There may, indeed, be a spice of infidolity in our midst, which,.Proteouslike, assumes many shapes, names, and' voices; but, looklng at us all-round, the successor to Dr Moorhouse will find us fairly well in sympathy with tile cardinal teachings of religion, whether we, claim aflfinity with his own or any other established consi munion. Tihe first public appearance of Dr Goo in lMelbourne-that is, uts a preacher-was accompanied with tile announcuement of a very appropriate text. " Behold the mat" was the foun dation of his discourse, and, when Iis Lordslip read those words, some few cynics, while curiously .scanning his facial lineaments, might have been led perhaps to wonder whether they had been chloses by accident or design. While dealing with bishops, I notice that Dr Moorhouse is courting popularity in Manchester. The right reverend gentle. man is no doubt a very energetic worker in the interests of Ilis church, and pos sesses superior intellectual gifts, but it always struck me that his Lordship was a little fond of what is called "popularity," and hence many of the somewhat free and- easy opinions that charactorisod many of his public utterances. One cannot readily forgot Iis celebrated Sandhurst lecture, his views on praying for rain, and his expressed willingness to wipe the Athalnsian Creed out of tihe prayer book. Therere re a class of people who, if tley once gain an influence over tile public mind, either by virtue of position or unusual. talents, seek t inMaintain that influence by striving to appear "singu lar.." with regard to certain things. Bishop Mecrhouse, albeit a very excel lent, sincere worker in his Master's cause, is, 1 fancy, slightly affected with this disposition, and, accdrding to no counts, he has lately made another bid for public notice. Thoro is a church fund in Manchester, maittinted solely for the purpose of affoiding monetary assistance to " poor parishes." But this fund, it seems, has fallen into at very languishing condition, and, while appealing to a mneeting of his clergy in its behalf, Bishop lfMotrhouse took up his lhant, and assumsing r the functions of a·ltxgauithrorr', he weint to each oneo present;, demanditig a contri. bution, and declaring that, before the funid should lapse, he would trudge round the city in a cassock, like the monks of old, and bog alms at every rich nan's door. The zeal herein indiciated is doubt less very conmmendable, but it would be possible to display the ,anme energy in a good cause, and with'substantial success too, without resorting to such little methods of by-play," and what may be justly. tsrmed "eccentric " behaviour, to secure a desired end. But, theou, some men. gain more" than half their fame by eccontricity. It'appeare that a rumor has found its wayinuto so ;.o'f the English papers to the effect that General Gordon is not dead, but detained as a captive by some of the Mahdi's followera. I fancy that this, like most other rumors, is to' be accepted with an abnormally large pinch of salt, for if our gallant hero really escaped death, I imagine that sp!ne inkling of tihe fact would have leaked-out long ore this. . Your Aran is usually, a bad hand at keeping a s crot. I have mnot him ill Aden and other parts fringine the coast line of his native deserts, and h]ave Ogenerally found him a loquacious, talkative individual, who. for a rupee, would sell his own nmother, and even betray thise preciso whereabouts of Mahomet's collin-if hle could. "Allah ii Allah I" About the most treacherous viper to be found on tile face of therglobe is your true son of Isehns el, as Il have often found ts my cost. The glitter of silver or the sparkle of gold would make him disclose the weightiest State secret that ever burdened his conscience, for, altlingh lie dlenounces all Christians as "dogs," yet hl has great regard and respect for Christian dollars. No, I think it scarcely lprobablo that theo "hero of Khartoum" is alive, especially when it is remembered that Abraham's grand cllildren are as revengeful as they are treacheronls, and revenge, even in an Arab. sometimes gets the better of cupidity. I wonder if Gordon's Ghost hits ever troubled Grand-Old-Man Gladstone with a visit since that lament able Klhartoum disaster. " Wonders will never cease" is one of the few proverbs that can successfully withstancd tiLh, wear and tear of timse, and. ius this age of emarvels, we are confronted with aeothor wonder whichl at presoent gonet'unler tile weird dcsi~gnatioe of "ulcannuy cllotographly." By some "uncauny" process, dliscoveredl by tihe mol who hidilo their hIeadls u:ildor black linen, we can be supplied with portraits of people whit never existed, and have their ideal features presented to uts withl as nmuch fidelity and ctteontionc to detail as thoughl they wore "taken from lifo." Those fle sithilres of nobody, it appears, are colunllcsit- r preaosntations of different plcraons, so, bllended andl intorslixed, that noe of tihe originals care he identified and thie resulting picture presents distinctive features and lineomentsc of its own. It requliresa fron hlalf.na-dozoen to a lozen slubstantial hulsans to producen oe phlotographic ghost. I ihave beeoon weoderinsg tlhnt if members of our Victorian Pcarlianoent culd l be in duced .to subeesit thleeselvesa to this "ncallnnly " pIrocess, wlhat sort of an individulallFed relncosontati?oe of legislative wisdom nt, tltl appear on the pholto graphor's plata I Or, if you comslc persuade thie Wcldonga Shir Csouscil to- But no, witon, "beauty unadorned, orno, ceruod the . lnqt," is to ie seen every day witthout the aid of a csamera, your councillors may well desire.to preserve their individual loveli. uses intret, But I shall keenp clear -of Sphlotogrplhor's after this. Yielding ti ilse oernest solieitations of ladmiring cnn- .temporariues, I hlave .partronised plhect jrplhy 1to a very considserable extent, and my beautiful and classical features have been many times " lixod " by dolightod operators. (Mon.--Mrs B. says I'in not much to look at, but I know slto thought differently whenoa sh ld me to the altar. a blushing,coomely bridegroom. Hoigho I) But the line must be drawn somewhero, and I decidedly object to the risk of havirng omy beauty incorporated with that of "a local habitation and a name." Basides, to obtain s?ch resulta in the excrciso of their art, ono is half inclined to believe tlhat ti.otographers must be in leage:e with-hu:n, they'ro ingenious fullows, very. 