€om%$mhzntt. THE 1888 LEASES. TO THE EDIT03, Sir — To resume the subject of my letter of the 26th July, I will now, with your permis sion, say a few words in reference -to the north east country as it is, and as it was some 15 years ago. Then it was a fairly well- to do pastoral country, but the squatter.s being convinced that it was necessary to improve on the old system were just settling down with good heart to fence in and extensively improve their rnnB, past experience having shown them that their only chance of profitably carrying on was the investment of capital in largely im proving, increasicg the water- supply, and run nirg their flooks in paddocks, thereby being in a somewhat better position to withstand the disastrous results of a repetition of the. years 1864 and 1865, and at the same time relying on the Government acting fairly at the expiration of their leases, so as to allow sufficient time U repay them for the very heavy expenditure they were about to incur. And I may here state, and truthfully, that any man under standing this matter will agree with me wfaen I (ay that to thoroughly improve a rnn in the way in which I will show that these runs hvre been improved simply means that ttie holder of such country must make up his mind' to wait patiently for at least 10 years before he can hope fcr any actual return for his outlay. I will leave it to any of yonr conscientious fair thinking readers to judge, after reading this, whether these men have had sufficient time, and whether they do not deserve a nesr lease. Anyone with any knowledge of the north- ' eastern country will know that it is principally a ealtbush country, with but little or no psr manent surface water ; consequently the only now reliable water is obtained by sinking w-1Ib, and some of these to a great depth. Many have resulted in only inferior stock water being obtained, and many again are too salt for any use. . Besides this there is a great deal of very rough country, much of which is useless for even a large sheepfarmer. In 1871 I took the management of tha Bool coomatta station. Then fencing was but young ; still a good deal had been done in the lower portion. But the general system was shep herding ; in fact, the old easy-going humirum style — water drawn for sheep by windlass, whip, or whim, as the case might be. But now how different. The Btock run at large in paddocks, and when coming to water, instead of being driven day after day to the well over the same ground through a cloud of duet, and when at the well having to wait until the water is drawn, as in years gone by, they now run in night or day, no matter which, as the water is always there for them, and as they drink from the troughs these refill from a large stone tank kept full from the well by steam-engine or windmill. JTfcey come to the well quietly withont the olond of dust ; so they go to water, so they feed, not being driven about in a flock by a shepherd to be put in and let out of a yard when he f eelB disposed. They now feed and water when and where they like ia small lots of from 50 to 1,000, feeding and camping at will all over the paddock. Does it not strike tbe reader as being not only more beneficial to the stock, but by far the more natural way to bjeed and keep them. Thus it is now, and tb.is is the general plan adopted by sheep farmers, not only in the northeast but throughout the whole of the north and western country. But bow has thus been done ? Why, as I said before, by sheer hard delving and the laying out of a vast amount of capital. Some of the wells have cost hundreds, I might say thousands, when you come to consider the number of bad ones that in some cases are sunk before one good one is got. Then comes the fitting up, another expensive item. Sub stantial stone tanks and troughs are not bnilt for nothing, to say nothing of the water- lifting machinery. Then, again, the fencing. I am prepared to state that none of this n»s cost under £30 per mile, and some as high as £50. Then there are tha dams. I think any of your readers should be enabled to judge the great cost of these, though he has never been_ connected with squatting or any similar butisess, when he considers that every yard of staff so excavated costs from 9d. to 1b. 6d., aijtJ in. some cases, according to depth and groucd, more. Some of these dams are as deep as 25 feet, and from 150 to 210 yards Ijlongg : wiiii cbrresB0BdiBg&* widfenf * fapt*^ r|th3fi *i-£ the npter; there ate innumerable other -? expepjjes of which your casual reader knows nojniijg, all of which swell the cost of euch work. Besides all £ have mentioned there are woolfeheda and(otheij. bnildfaga^ all baing good and; sub3j»Bti»lr\ and? sauting a deal of money— all necessary improvements, tax without them a station -cannot do. On no station in the- northreaat can. you, find any useless ornamental, filigree buddings or iai provements built for ehow and luxury that we bear spoken of at times by some of the city folks, but from end to end-audlorougbout. the whole of the runs now held, by /the squatters wells, dams, water-lifting appliances, buddings, and fences are good and eubstaatiaL Hoar long thcy-will remain' so if taken from the present holders and the; country cut into small blocks remains to ba proved. And now. I must leave- it for your readers toi judge! whether there is- ary foundation for the statements made not only outside bat ia Par liament, that the squatters have held- the country for years and done nothing -with it. Can any one after. reading this say. they hava Opt improved the land that wasTprinoipalJLy.ft dry watte before they ^taok it up.? .What! would it have been nowif they had not taken it in hand-? Where have the proceeds of -the - last 15 to 20 years gone? Why, it has been spent on tbe lands to the benefit of Crown and country generally. After all this, so soon as the lower portion of the country was unproved, it was handed over to the fanner, who in many, cases not only, ruined himself, but the land also, by destroy ingthe_ natural Iwshtbat grew on it,; and with out winch the. -country is of little use:; apd now before the farther out country is complete?} it. is. proposed to take it away, and not even give the.men who have spent so much time, money, andilbbor on it a ghost of a chance to tike up a new leare. I would remind your readers that had it not been for the action of the Govern ment the work of improving would still be goirg on. Yes, there isanuch more to ba-doae, and hundreds of men wxmjd now be em-, ployed in work that is still necessary, to eay nothing of the destruction of vermin. But all this was stopped some few years back, and with good. reason. For. instance, a man loses by. resumption the best part of his run ; . tlie.remainder he holds on an annual lease. Is it to be supposed that- he is going to do any thing in the way- ofr improving these annual leases, or is it likely be is going to the expense of destroying the. vermin* when he h»3 at his back such as the hundreds of Cavenagh, Paratoo, Mimbnrra, .and othera^ all of which have been- nicely -laid out in sections f-.tr no other apparent reason but to form, breeding nests for kangaroos, rabbits, wild dogs, &c.; And. further, outside of these, is it likely a runholder will trouble himself when he knows that in a year or twa at most he rcust retire? No; he reasonably says 'The vermin axe increasing. on the Govern ment lands. I shall shortly have to remove my stock, therefore all that is necessary- for- ma to do is to do my best to keep what I have a'ive for the remainder of my term, and then shift to goodness knows where, or other (rise sell my. stock at. a very great, sacrifice, and thea look back with regret at the thousands £ have laid out in improvements.' He will natu rally say to himself — 'So much for- my past years- of labor. Here are my houses, woolsheds, fences, &c.;, all now in good repair. I am now to get nothing for them, and, worse still, ia a few years they will be like others already taken over by Government, a mass of neglected ruins.' This has been the past experience, and I see no reason to expect any improvement of the past in this line. It stands to reason that appliances re quired for the carrying on of a station with 50,000 sheep would be too large for a man holding a block on which he can only, cany from 2,000 to 3,000 sheep ; as it must be patent to all, seeing that the country as it is will only carry about 50 sheep to the mile, that 20,000 acres or 32 squara miles will only 'carry about 1,600. There fore he must select blocks without these improvements; consequently thjse on which homesteads, &c;, are situated will be left idle, and will soon go to rack. The rougher country must also be left out, and bear in mind there is plenty of this in the north-east. I have already stated that I took the management of Bool coomalta in 1871 ; then that run only had on it 12,0G0 fcheep. We then did some improve ments, but only in the water Eupply, In 1874 tbe run was Eold with 23,000 sheep, and in 1875 the work of fencing and generally improving commenced, since which time I should not like to even hint at the amount of money that has been spent on it, as also on the adjoining run?, Outalpa, Bimbowiie, Koonatnore, Gurna mocna. and others, and it is only during the last eight years that Koonamore, Outalpa, and Moctarco made a start. Have thes9 people had sufficient time to recover their outlay? No, they have not. Is it fair to the men who have spent so much capital and labor in improving the lands of the State ? Is it fair, is it reason able, to take these runs away and not give the owners sufficient time to recover the money so spent? I say, as any conscientious reader will also say, it is not fair. Let our legislators, our Government, our people generally reconsider the quefition, and relet all these north-eastern runs as they are at reasonable rental on long lease, with a certain and secure fixture of tenure, the tenant to improve the run and destroy vermin. At the same time the Government must destroy or cause to be destroyed vermin en all lands held by small holders, roads, cotn monsge, &c.; Then, and not till then, will prosperity leturn to this part of the country. Has it not already been proved by the Experi mental Farm at Manaahill, the site of which was selected by Government experts and which was kept going at very considerable cost for some three years, that farming cannot ba carried on there to advantage ? Then why talk of agricultural and pastoral blocks ? It won't do. Undoubtedly Bucb. blocks will be taken up, but how long will it be before the holder is ruined 1 and then tbe land will be thrown back on the Grown with whatever improve ments tbe original squatter left destroyed or otherwise allowed to go to rack, and above all tbe Government will then have to step in and kill the vermin, Just for a moment take a glance at the amount of waste country in Boolccpmatta, Bimbo wrie, Outalpa, and Oul nina, in fact all the runs. Could auy man holding a email block of country afford to pay as at present for ^11 this waste? No, ha .could not. 'Then what about the vermin? The Government must ki?l it, and if they do not, we that hold the better land will nave an ex cuBe fcr not doing it also. Another thing, What would a small holder do in the event of there being, no water fit for domestic purposes, it being well known that the majority of the wells are brackish, betides running as deep as 300 feet? For instance, on Boolcoomatta there is only one really fresh weil, and only one other fi$for euch use. Turn it which way you like the country is only fit to be held as it is, and should be, if they can be inclined to retake it, held by the present holders. 'Undoubtedly the north-east will become a vast mineral country, but with this subject 1 have nc inten tion of dealing; but beyond this it never has been and never will be fit for any thing other than sheep runs. Now let us take a glance at what this country has C03t the Grown while in the occupation of the squatters. Further than a few wells and dams, sunk prin cipally for the benefit of the importation of stock from New South Wales, simply nothing. The squatters took the country as it was, with out water and without assistance, and will now leave it a well-watered country. They have obtained their wells without the aid of geolo gists ; they have opened up the country gene rally and entirely on their own account as it stands at the present day. Then how is it in the hundreds as soon as taken up there comes the cry of deputations? A horse falls down a well— a deputation; a few have taken dry sections — a deputation for a well or dam ; a few want a road cleared of a few stumps — a deputation ; a bucket falls down, ot a well wants cleaning, or a few slabs of timber replaced— a deputation; in fact, nothing but incessant deputations to the Com missioner of Crown Lands. And so it will be when the country is cut into small blocks. First a well, then a dam, then * a road ; one thing after another ; and with all this the ex pense of cutting up, &c;, the cost, to my mind, will very considerably outweigh any extra profit that might be shown on Government estimates. Before concluding I wish to make a few. remarks, first of all with reference to Paratoo. Much has been said about Sir Thomas Elder's large holding there. This has not only been spoken of outside, but in Parliament, by certain members, wno evidently do not know what they talk of, and to my mind are very unlikely subjects to benefit the country, whatever they may do for their own pockets. How let me ask your readers, is there any harm in a man 'having the means' of renting half -a dozen farms; And also let me tell them that this much coveted property formerly comprised no lees than 11 different smaller runs, the holders of which not having the means were- glad to sell their leases to Sir Thomas, who has laid out thousands upon thousands in improving them. Has he not been a credit to South Aus tralia? Has he not done more and invested more money on dry lands of the Crown than any other man, and is he not still doing the game? In order to be enabled to sink more permanent darn3 or reservoirs where wells could not be obtained did he not at very great cost introduce the steam scoop and plough? Has he not been our great squatting pioneer? and with what reward? To be backbitten by tbe ignorant and turned out by the Crown, from whom he should re ceive every encouragement. For years past has he stuck to it, and would so doubt still continue ; but after all he is to lose his leases without even an offer other wise, which I do not hesitate to say have never actually paid him. This is one case. 1 could mention many more ; but my wish is to avoid mentioning name?, and therefore apologise for having mentioned Sir Thomas heie. I should not have done so had I not geea aodAeariilt jaentioned^aoiten by BBopJa wM- do not tapjr^tteieajifftctoof tbecfcae*, ?? ? - . ? - And now comes Hie valuation. How: is this to be done? From my own knowledge of the, work that is before the valuators it is hi^h time it was commenced, if it is to be carried out fairly to ail patties. There is a tremendous lot to be done, and a very large stretch of country to be traversed, and all must - be complete by the end of 1838. Then how is tha value to be arrived at? We are at present led to believe that buildings, fences, &c;, that have cost bo much are to be struck out and only water improvements paid f°r- -But how is it to be done? Is the original cost to betaken, or tbe present value of well or dam as they stand. Or is the actual value of such water improvement to be taken ? Thus— what value was the country without such water; what value is it now with the watering places on it; and what is to constitute a water improvement? I should, say everything attachable to well or dam, and all wells, no matter how small the supplies, whether at present in use or not. The whole of this, as it appears to me at present, ia a difficult problem and I fear will prove still more so before being ..satisfactorily arranged. We shall not hear the last of the 1888 leases for a bit, and as soon as they are settled then will come the 1890, '91, and co on. Consequently under our present laws, unless immediately altered, it will be one everlasting squabble. The other day a member of Parliament asked me how it was that the kangaroos were so thick in the nortti-east, through part of which he had just had a tiip. He said that during his journey he saw more kangaroos than sheep. He also remarked on the country being so bare even on the hills, and the bushes eaten off as high as a sheep could reach. Surely this question is easily answered, seeing that the countiy which at its best will only carry a limited number of sheep has now to carry about 10 kangaroos, besides rabbits and wallabies, to every sheep. Bunny and Mr. Kangaroo are always on the look-out for the ' young grass when it springs, and keep that out of sight, and all that is left; for the sheep ;is the bush, which if things go on as they are will soon be played out, and the sheep that ate s;- valuable to the colony will soon be like their present o inters, played out also. The best thing my friend the M.P. can do is to immediately bring this matter before the House, and state what he has seen himself ; not talk about the squatters overstocking their runs with sheep, but paint out to his colleagues and the Government the necessity of immediately taking action in so impoitant a matter. It is the action of the Government that is causing the country to be overrun with vermin and driving the heart out of the Equatters who have done so much for the countxy. Let them frame a new Act lelaticg to Crown lands, and let the country on liberal terms, and see how soon the vermin that is ruining the country will vanish. All the unemployed that will leave the street corners will find employment, and a fair yearly revenue from Crown lands will come in. Let this be done and then, and not until then, will prosperity return to U3. — 1 am, &c;, EICHD. DEWDNEY. Mitcham, August 29, 1887. 