CHAPTER XX. SKOn's GULLY. It was ft high old time at Snob’s Golly. Ever since the naive hod coma that The Ad miral had unearthed a nugget o£ monster proportions, the township had bean in r. fer msnt; for tha claims had strualc work, and every mail on the diggings had come into view the welcome stranger. There it lay—a huge misshapen mass of dull yellow gold, streaked with veins of quartz. Beauty it possessed not; yet every heart heat high with tha hope oi one day owning its like. Bor its exhibition, the largest rcom in the leading public house had-been- chartered by the fortunate proprietors of the nugget, and all day long a stream oi visitors kept pouring in and out; whilst the traffic in drink and eatables threatened to exhaust the resources of the establishment. Snobh’s Gully was araoDg tho youngest of the gold-fields of that day. The original pro spector was a shoe-maker, heneo tho eupho nious title, which had been bestowed upon it, after digger-fashion, by some wit among tho shoe-maker’s successors. When tho original “ snob ” first drove his piok into the soil, it was a charming gorge, between two high mountains, covered with the luxurious vegetation of a primeval forest. A silvery creek wound its placid way through tho gully, end tangled masses of creepers bung iu festoons from tree to One short month later, and the gully was transformed. Tress and creepsrs had'dis- ; appeared; tho creek had bsoomo a sluggish, yellow drain, and the hill sides wera covered with tents and huts of every description. The township—is there not something offensive to tho taste iu tho very expression, J “ township ” ?—was situated at the end o£ tho gully, where it widened out into ft "fiat,” and'consisted, for the most part, of stores and publia houses.. Of those tho most pre tuitions was the " Snob's Arms,” at which I Hu ootthts stopped, U»«® wm .Mtuilly a billiard-room, containing a dreadful tra vostio of a niliianl-lable, and numerous small tables which were nightly occupied by euchre l aa(l cribbiige player’. Thu Snub's Arms j boasted aU-.-> a dancing saloon, and two real, livo barmaids, of undoubted personal attrac tions, and limbless impudence. _ It was a slab h-jiHa, or rather ft congrega tion of slab huts of various dimensions, bark roofed, and cunningly connected by covered passage way. In tliu dancing saloon, reposing upon a red blanket, on a table improvised for tbo occa sion cut of til's I plsce.l on trestles, lay tho monster nugget. At :hn heed of tbs table, seated in an arm chair, eat the Admiral, the lucky proprietor of the huge mass of goal, which he from time oavressed ami patted, us if it had been a child, or a dog. Only yesterday, of the hnudred3 o! men working at Snobs Golly, lie was perhaps tho least causi.leieil. One ccroko of the pick, nod behold him a king amongst men 1 Oh, wonder-working enchanter, diviuo gold! without tnee, life is a wearisome I struggle— with toes, a carnival of delight!' At least, (hst is tho poor man’s views of the matter_ when I have found my nugget, I shall be able to deal with the question from the other ctand-point. The Admiral—so-called, perhaps, because of ull living men ho was in appearance furthest removed from tho popular ideal of an admiral—was a week-eyed, wsek- knscd, sandy-haired little man, who had hitherto, se became one of his slender pretensions, modestly kept himself so much in the beck ground that nobody knew anything about him. A few hours, however, had wrought a marvellous change, and he now occupied tho place of honor as if to the manner born. It really was astonishing tp find that ho was not only genial, hut withal witty and wise. His audience listened deferentially to every word that fell. from his iuspired lips, and never prophet-of old commanded more respect. To each succeeding group of ad mirers he told the samo words; yet even those who had heard it early in the day, and often Eince, listened as eagerly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. “Yo see, gentlemen,” ho would say, “mo and ray mates kuowod thero was soraethiu’ good in that thero ground. Folks used to tell us, we’d never come on it; hut we knotv’d better, and there she is!" Ilere ha would point exulting!/ to the nugget, whilst his hearers smacked their tins, and wished—oh, eo dearly 1—that it had been their fate to tell the talc. “ 1 'i! not deny that there was times when we felt kinder had about it,times when tucker was scarce, and lieker fc.rc’r,’'—The landlord winced at ibis remark,forbis conscience smote him as he recalled sundry interviews between hinn alfacd The Admiral, and in which he had displayed nnytbiug but n “ trusting ” ‘ There was times even when my mates saz ‘ Let’s shift our nogs ;’ but I never gave in ! I know'd we was bound ter Etrike it rich, and strike it rich we have—gentlemen, call for ver drinks, if you please. It’s my shout, and champagne's the drink to-day.’’ Need it be said tbftt this speech of Tho Ad miral was received with ever- increasing en thusiasm? Who, that knows anything of digger-nature, will doubt that an urnt-ur ui this stamp was accredited with the possession . of more than tho average supply of wit and wisdom ? Towards midnight tho fan grew fast and furious; and when tho coach from Forest Creek drew up at the door of the public-hou°e, it .may salcly bo said that not one of its in mates (oi the male sex) was sober. Under ordinary circumstances, the arrival of the coach—which usually took place at about nine o’clock—was tho event of tho evining, and every body turned out to stare at new a) rivals, and question the driver. Great then wae the surprise of Jack For rest— Gentleman Jack, as he was called— who held the reins on tho night in questson, when not ever so much as a groom come to meet him as he drew up at the door, in as gallant fashion as the fagged horses could ac complish.’ “ Well, I’m d—d!” ho muttered. “ Here’s a start 1 Anybody dead, I wonder? There’s an infernal row goipg on inside, anyway. Just hold the reins for a minute, please,’’ he added, addressing a passenger, who occupied the box-seat. “ I’m going in to rouse up some of these ducks. Confound my catB 1 I’il let them know who they’re fooling with, in a quarter less then no time.” Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying out his tlncat, a little voice in the interior of tho vehicle said, “Ithink wo have arrived, uncle,” and presently tbs curtains wero patted, and such a charming face appeared at the aperture, that one of the grooms, who had at last condescended to saunter lazily towards tho coach, started as if he had seen a ghost, aua fell over into tho horse- trough, much to the discomfiture, but greatly to the delight, of the outraged driver; who, ac companied by the landlord, appeared on the threshold at that moment. “L:t mo help you down, miss," said Gentleman Jack offering his hand. “These coaches are rather awkward for ladies.” “ Then we have arrived, sir ?” asked tho young lady, timidly. “Yes, miss, this is Snob’s Gully,” said' the landlord obsequiously, but with a lurch to leeward, which showed that ho, too, had suc cumbed *to the influence of tho petroleum champagne. “ And tbi3 is the Snob’s Arms —though I sez it, as shouldn’t, the leading hotel in the place. Was you for stopping hero to-night, miss?” “Ye3—get us some supper at once, and show na to our bedrooms,” answered a gentle man who had come round from tho other side of the coach. “ Gome inside, Alma, the groom will look after our luggage." I’oor little Alma—for it was indeed ouv heroine — cold, tired, hungry, and half frightened, tcok her nnclo’s arm submissively enough, and they wero presently ushered into the room off tho bar, which was dignified \yj the name of tho best parlor. . Tho furniture of this apartment consisted of a ricketty bush sofa, a round table, covered with a blue blanket in lien of table cloth, two or three decrepit ohairs, and bu old safe, which did duty as side Alma sank on the sofa exhausted, and would fain have relieved herself by tears, but refrained, fearing to vox her uncle. “ Cheer-up, child,” said that gentleman, divesting himself of his overaoat. “ A hot glass oi brandy and water is what you want, and that you shall have in a minute. What is the meaning of that noise ?” ho asked. This question was addreamd to one of tho barmaids, who entered while he wa3 speak ing—a young lady with brilliant, beady black cye3,var7 red cheeks and lips, and a mas3 of oily black hair, which towered at least a foot over the crown of her head, and thence descended, in a cascade of tight cork screw curls, halfway to her waist. “ It is a nugget,” she replied in a mincing . tone. “ Tho Admiral’s .party have found a big nugget, and they’re a-keeping it up in the ballroom. Would the young ladylike to take anything?” “Yes, sho would," replied tho Professor, sharply, “ A glass of weak brandy and water, hot, for her; and s' strong glass for myself, Look smart about it, if you please.” The damsel looked unutterable things at tho person who kad the audacity to address her jn eueh an unoeremouious manner, and flounced out of the room with a twist of the skirt whioh narrowly escaped knocking the •ggreuor down. by their breath, whilst her car wan oiler,ilea' by many a muttered oath, anil that horrille snoring and gnashing ol teeth which attends the sleep ot the drunkard. Later on, the house was opened by the landlord—himself very much tho worse lor the debauch—and then, one by one, .the Bleepere arose, ebivered, and staggered inter* the bar in Eearch of a “ piok-me-up.” Mr. Johnson had been able to get to bod, and, after t'orco or four hours sleep, made hia appearance, apparently snfferiugless than might have been expected. lie was evidently a seasoned vessel; for, after a brandy-and soda, ho was actually able to smoko a clay pips, whilst breakfast was in course of pre paration. Stephen Tredegar had prepared his niece for the appearance of tiii3 guest at their table. Ho had risen early, mitj called Alma into the parlor, longb before Mr. Johnson had opened his eyes. What ho told the girl, it is not ueeessary to repeat—it was simply a lie, con coded for a purpose, and it served that pur pose—at least so far as concerning Alma, that, however objectiouabla a person Mr. Johnson might be, it was highly important that be should bo flattered and concili Tiie poor girl presided at the breakfast table in a state of trepidation which threat ened, at any moment,- to culumiriate in a burnt of tears. Mr. Johnson wa3 oven mora objectiouabla than she had cxpected"to And him. Iu the first place, he brought with him into tho room an aroma of brandy and stale tobacco, which made her feel so sick that she was wholly unable to swallow a mouthful of food. Then ha ate liko a barbarian, using his knife as if it had been a fork, amt there after helping himself to butter with the same implement. As for his conversation, it was more than offensive to the girl. Ills compli ments were coarse, .and accorupnuied by horrible leers, and lewd glances, which even a child cotflu not mi'nndcrstaud. Moreover he iroifld talk. Tho Professor vainly strove to relieve his niece -by taking upon ki3 own shoulders the chief share of the conversation; but Mr. Johnson could talk and eat at the same timo, and'tnus enjoyed tho advantage which he pushed to tho uttermost; being, iu point of fact, extremely well pleased with himself, and laboring under the hallucination that ho was decidedly coming out strong, and making an impression. Horv long that raosl endured, Alma never knew. Ic seemed interminable—lor Johnson was one of those happy individuals whose ap petite is increased by copious potations, r.nd ''•> hod no idea of ceasing to cat ns long as there was anything eatable left on the At last he looked around, and sighed the nigh of repletion, then ho commenced to use his for!; a3 a toothpick. Even the professor could not, however, be eland this last proceeding, hastily, telling Alma to go to'her room, and prepare to aocompany him for a walk. Hoiv g’.adlv the girl look the hint and escaped may easily bo conceived; but ehc wa3 not •uffered to depart without the promise of further torture, for Mr. Johnson, without rising, intimated a desire, if she had no objection, to accompany licr and her undo in a stroll among the claims. • - As the door closed the Professor turned to M.-.’.Tjhnann with a gravity of manner which individual, end caused him to ask uneasily—“ What’s up now ?” “ Can we bo overheard?" asked the Pro . “ If we don’t yell out, and there don’t iiapnen to be anybody listening r.t the door," reuiiod Johnson, “I should Bay wo can’t. Especially C3 there is an infernal row going on u3 it is." Truth to say, a largo number of the Bacchanalians of the previous night had by this time assembled in the bar, and, as they were all still more or less intoxicated, the noise soon became deafening. “ Mr. Johnson,” began the Professor, “ if I ijrietake not, you have not always borne that name. The fork fell from the man’s hand with a crash upon tho table, and ho stared, open mouthed, at tho Professor, whilst a pale green tint seemed to spread itself over his faoe. “ I think,” continued the professor, “ that yon were formerly known in London by tho name of Thomas Sumner." •Mr. Johnson took up tho fork, and re commenced picking his teeth. “ Well, sir,” he said, “what then ? Many a man dora not care to bo known by his own name on the diggings.” This was said in a confident, defiant tone wholly at variance with the man's behaviour wheti first he had been accused of using an alias. The professor scored a point— he con eluded at once that the gentleman before him had been known also by another name, and that there were circumstances attendant upon hia hearing that name whioh made him dread its discovery. “ Of course,” said the Professor, “ it very often is desirable to oonoeal one’s identity. I merely asked the question, because I thought you must bo Thomas Sumner,” (To le continued.) Moscow has never quite recovered from the fires which followed and put an end to the French occupation in 1812. Except upon certain high days and holidays, an air of languor hangs about the holy city, which for msiiv centuries was Russia’s actively beating heart. Perhaps it is partly for that very reason that it is far dearer to the Russian mind than St. Petersburg, the. younger and more animated rival which has supplanted it. Tho oity which Peter the great founded on tho owampy islet3 at the mouth of the Neva fairly represents the force and energy of the Russian Government, the splendor of the nobles, the might of tho military. But Moscow, with its hundreds of churches and shrines, its repose suggestive of Home land where it i3 always Sunday afternoon, is far more in keeping with the ideas nearest to the heart of the Russian people, more in har mony than the glittering Northern capital with the deep devotion whioh the peasant feels towards the Church, and towards that fatherland with whioh tho Church is in hia mind so intimately connected. From all parts of the empire, from the swampy homes of fever and plague where the Volga pours itself into the Caspian near Astrakhan, from tho shores of the lakes and the shades of the forests lying far away northwards toward Archangel and the Arctio Ocean,' from the rich’’blaok Boil” lands of the more genial South, and from the far-off settlements stretching away in progressive lines into Contral Asis, there come bands of pilgrims, who wander from one shrine to another, visiting the’ spots which are to the Ruesion mind most dear and holy, and who retnrn to their native villages with a vast.store of religions experience, and with a reputation somewhat akin to that of the mcdicsval palmer who had visited the holy places at Jerusalem. . Snob are tho visitors whom we see standing before the porch of the Cathe dral of St. Basil at Moscow.. The men in rough oops and sheepskin tunins, with shoes made of lime- treo bark on their feet, their legs bound round in the old Scythian or Ssrmatiau fashion, the women with handker chiefs tied ovor their heads, all with wallets slung around them and long pilgrim-staves in their hands, from very piotureEque groups as they gather before church doors' or in the courts and cloisters of tho monasteries. A waterproof garmant—Ths coat oi the toper's stomach. 