cardinal' moran;#; l atest?; On Sunday last the, Cardinal excelled, ('y" himself in extravagance, intolerance, and-; , folly. We can see iu.his.potulance. the,., soreness which he feels when he sees .the ', good understanding and charity which ,18 ., ; uniting the different Protestant denomi- ,: nations. But what rejoices, our hearts., is, to see the daily papers, chiefly, the ; treating such a deliverance as. it desees,r>' and, writmg... ,thereo;n 8ijj. of thern Trqtestani\ Stgndaffii ( : j !, pjp recpgnitipnfbfr .this, wejtranscrie; the eapr of Vl :TP?Sflayf;liwt; minence j which : wei.should Jbave,giyenito.,)ri .oneofpuioyyri; 1! " When, a: . distinguished., official,, qff ta,r)J branch; of., .the , . .dhiMjanijpHuH.ii such; startling statemeritsVaSjdid'.Ca Moran on Sunday last, /it.iB|Wqr,th ,wbiie r, speculating as to hqw farhis opiriiops may be shared by -hiB ..cq- religipriists and,... the adherents of his communion. r ,Eqr r the peace of the community, and for the spirit of goodwill and tolerance, it is' fo. be hoped that those who agree with him are . not many. Among ecclesiastics in his Church, no doubt, ,, his vvords would find a, ready response, but they would scarcely find assent, among the intelligent laity who .subscribe to the tenets of, the Roman Catholic faith. iCarlinal Morari, in his outloqk upon .the condition of that,, , portion of the Church which does, not, ; acknowledge the Papal, supremacy arid the doctrines which are based upon.it, has ... discovered that the chief aspiration of the, " Protestant sects is, to unite ; .that,, the , religious opinions of these bodies does not' bind them to any particular form , of. belief ; that this attempt at union would not be one , of strength and vitality, but . simply ." a combination which meant ruin, .and desolation ;" and that . their aiiris arid aspirations are similar to those of -the,; Nihilists. We suspect the Cardinal scarcely understood how sweeping, and... cold-blooded these statements were until.,, he saw them, as we presume he did,, in the . hard black-and-white of printer's type.,, We are also quite sure that good, people of every denomination outside of the,: Papal pale will have read his words, yes-, terday morning with a somewhat startled feeling. Here have the Anglicans, the Presbyterians, the Wesley ans, the Oonr gregationalists, and other devoted folk, been adhering with much tenacity, and with sometimes more vigour and less of forbearance than the Cardinal's opinion of their " indifferentism " would warrant,, to the definitions of their beliefs, only to he told now that they have no belief's at all. This must be very, disheartening for, those who have been walking all. their lives within the lines of creed and . doctrine that are the broad basis of the , different denominations wliich . have, not considered it part of their ' heritage or, . their: duty to seek for their : salvation- through the communion of the Western Church. It must indeed be somewhat' discouraging to the Cardinal himself to think how with but " fragmentary princi ples of Christianity " the " yarious com munions " should have existed as they have done, and increased in moral power and spiritual influence as they grew in numerical membership. Or does HiB Eminence believe that all this is but evil disguised in a great moral garment, and that.it has grown because evil must grow till its time be accomplished ? . But we fear that the Cardinal muBt be commiserated upon a blurred vision, or challenged' for an unhappy ignorance. That an educated and prominent prelate Bhould declare in the face of a by no means stupid or uncultured world that the Christian bodies with which he has no part or sympathy have cast aside the laws and teachings of Christ, and placing no Btress upon belief, have turned to a religious Nihilism, is almost too extra ordinary for common credence. Even cardinals may sometimes speak in the language of parables, and lose themselves in the intoxication of wordB, and we would fain believe it has been so in this case, but the evidence does not lie that way. There was plain premeditation in the statements. Many will be inclined to ask the Cardinal if he has forgotten, when speaking of beliefs, the Thirty-nine Articles to which every clergyman of the Church of England subscribes, and of the Apostles', the Nicene, and the Athanasian creeds which are part of the service of the same Church. And if his Eminence has , not forgotten them, he would be surely quite willing to admit that unless they were read awry, there would he found not " fragmentary principles " but the basis of the very elements of belief to which the Church of Rome gives adher ence. It is not improbable also that the Westminster Confession of Faith of the .Presbyterian Church has fallen under the intellectual scrutiny of Cardinal Moran. He certainly would not complain of the lack of rigidity in belief in that confession, even though he could not agree to its definitions. It. iB within the last few years that a Presbyterian minister in Melbourne was obliged to withdraw from his denomination because of his uncertain ideas upon the Atonement, and within the past few months another young cleric withdrew from the Bame Presbytery because he was suspected of uriortho- doxy. The Wesleyans likewise have not been hazy in the definition of their belief. The Apostles' Creed covers the broad ground of their faith and discipline, and if it meanB " elasticity of professions " there is need for the Cardinal to look to his own hearthstone. Butthe Congregationalbody, the proceedings of which, of late, have evidently given the key-note to the address of his Eminence, what of them ? Their Model Deed, or basis of union, provides, among other things, for a belief in iihe existence of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, the Fall of Man, the Incarnation, the influence of the Holy Spirit, the Divine Inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, the Immortality of the Soul, the Resurrection of the Dead, and the Final Judgment with its eternal con sequences. Facing these things, how is it possible for any one, great or small, to declare that the Protestant sects are but waifs arid Btrays among the breakers? To plead that the denominations do not live up. to their defined beliefs is no argument. There are variations, and moBt serious ones, too, in that close religious corporation the Roman Catholic Church. But, when - all is said, has not the Cardinal been giving play to his imagina tion? Has he not been hunting hares and found a camel? What secret infor- mation has His Emirience gained that he is able to announce that the chief aspira tion of the several bodies is to unite ? Certainly no such knowledge could have been acquired from the reports' of the proceedings of the Synods, the Assem blies, and the Congregational Union that have been held since his arrival here. Was the cue taken" from the delibera-- tions of the Diocesan Synod of the Anglican Church, where most of the time was spent in discussing what was considered a Papal innovation in the Cathedral ? It has not been patent toJ the public, or to the Press who watch the doings of the public, that there has been any serious move toward or ad vocacy of the union of the different de nominations. The desirability of union may have been mentioned in the addresses at church assemblies, but it has never been considered of such vast necessity as to warrant a belief that its accomplish ment' was imminent. The various re ligious bodies are doing their work in their own way, and the differences be tween them are largely upon matters of Church polity and upon minor doctrinal points. But the Cardinal's remarks show most conspicuously how little one half of world knows how the other half lives or thinks. We are told very often by those who do not know any better that the Roman Catholics dethrone God and exalt the Virgin Mary, that Saints answer their prayers, and that they worship images. Well, intelligent people do not believe this no more than the Cardinal does, and from that basis of intelligence we desire also to look upon him as a sensible man as well as a cultured ecclesiastic. How ever, if last Sunday's utterances are re peated, we do not see how this is possible. It is not a pleasant sight to witness great divines showing a spirit of injustice or in tolerance. The Church has enough to do to work against the tide of actual evil without tapping the marshes to find more impurity. Aggressiveness is good in a good cause, but aggressive intolerance raises more unhappy phantoms than the religious devotion behind it is ever able to exercise. The Nihilism of the Churches is but a bad dream of the Cardinal's, and W© hope it will be followed by a season able awakening." The article of the Daily Telegraph is of a more sarcastic style: interpreting the Cardinal as not himself really believing what he sayB, and not expecting his flock to believe it : but merely talking to order in filibustering harangue, firing like blank . cartridge. Wise folk would of course laugh at such fireworks, but unfortunately his flock are not wise men : and Dr. Moran realizes the man in the Proverbs who scatters firebrands, arrows, and death, and says " am I not in sport ? " 