A Tale of Adventure. I HAD been liviv.g in wh*t was in the ante* ? bellum days the Eden of tbe South, the Mary- 1 land fettlenent, for about two years when the { spirit of unrest came upon me, and I deter mined to try the rough and adventnrouf life 06 a pioneer in tha. as yet untrodden depths of the cane brakes of the Louisiana swamps. Having tbe foroe to spare from my Mississippi planta tion, I drafted twelve picked hands of both sexes, and with a very simple outfit of tents* provisions and tools packed upon three horses: crossed tbe Mississippi at Rodney, plunged boldly into that vast wilderness, the abode of the black bear and the alligator, which forms for hundreds of miles the western shore of the father of waters. My objective point was a large cane brake on Obootaw Bayou, not far from its junction with the TenSBB Hirer, and my only way to reach it was by a cattl * trail and the aid of a compass. The trail was too ntwnv fni* wheels, and we had manv daen bayous with precipitous bunks to cro?s. My negroes, who bad already followed me near a thousand miles from Maryland, and had acquired a fondness for a vagabond life, tarted nut in high spirits on this fresh migration to the unknown land, and the ten-tnile march over a fine road, through a well settled country to Bodne?, where we were ferried aocrOBs tbe river, was enlivened with negroe songs and the, lively strains from the fiddle of one John Boote, a gray-haired, bow-legged little negro, who cumulated upon himself tbe varied functions of carpenter, minstrel, wit and buffoon of the plantation ; but after crossing the river, as we penetrateddeeperand deeper into tbe wilderness, its gloomy grandeur, its solemn stillness and the waving banners of funeral-like Spanish moss, to gether with the sight of a couple of large alligators, disturbed in crossing tbe first bayou, bad a depressing effect upon the lively hut superstitious darkies, their spirits gradually died away, their step lost its spring1 and tbey orept along like victims to some unknown but fatal doom ; even bow-legged Boots, tbe irrepressible fun maker, became as solemn as the revered Dismal Horror, preaohirg the damnation of little chil dren. This depression of spirits was destined culminate that night in a paroxysm of fright and horror such as my poor darkies had never experienced before, and from which it took them a long time to recover. It happened in this wise. Having been unexpectedly compelled to build a rude bridge by felling -some trees across a narrow but deep bayou, by which thai country is intersected, night overtook us before we could reach our destination, end we were compelled to bivouac in tlie midst of what is called a ' hurricane,*' through which the trail paBBed. A ' hurricane ' is the most impene-i trable of all jungle*, and is formed by the passage ef a cyclone through the forest. The trees are not uproote 1 as by ordinary storms* but their tops are snapped off and fall to the ground, forming) together witL tbe semi-tropical vegetation which springs up among tbem, a sorb of Vegetable chaos, impenetrable to all but wild beasts and reptiles, wbioh find in it a safe retreat; the tree trunks are all left standing stripped of their bark, and by moonlight look like an army of gigantio phantoms 5 it was in such an uncanny scenes this 'that we were compelled to pass tbe-night. Our fires were kindled, and onr frugal supper despatched when the full orbed moon ascended, frou behind a. black curtain of ; huge cypress trees, and its light, reflected from the white trunks, upstanding in the ' hurricane, made the surroundings still more ghastly* | Simultaneously with the rising of the moon, | there broke forth an uproar of discordant sounds sufficient to shakes the nerves of the strongest man unaware of Its cause. It could « only be compared to the shrieks of maniacs iu bedlam and the howling of the damned in the bottomless pit all combined. Tbe terror of my sable followers it would be impossible to des cribe. They crowded around me and seemed to think that their only chanoe of salvation Was in olutching my pe* son. In vain I explained to them that tlie clamour was produced by harmless owls. In fact, every one of those lofty stumps in the tl hurricane ' had become tbe pedestal for an owl, and th'se owls seemed to be unlimited in number and in spe cies, and each sopmed to be vying with the otber in making the night hideous with dis cordant sonnds. I at last hit upon an expedient for getting rid of the nuisance and pacifying the negroes. A large homed scoundrel, holder than bis fellows, perched himself upon a lofty stump witbin easy range of my gun. bis ? bool boo I' and 4 ha I ha I ha I' in a basso-profondo ton*, appeared to be designedly uttered for our annoyanoeL and I determined to get rid of bim, coute qui coutc. Though, as a rnle, I never trouble the favoate bird of tne goddess o£ wisdom, tbe owl is too useful to be wantonly destroyed, I felt obliged to sacrifice this fellow. . Waiting until the increasing light of tbe moon threw bim into distinct relief, I easily settled .jhjs.fcaf^ with a load of No. 6. Instantly, at if by magio, tbe horrible clamor was succeeded l-y the moBt profound stillness, interrupted at rare intervals by the distant t allowing ot a bull alligator and tbe welcome and familiar cry of ♦he whip-poor-will. Comparative calm was re stored to our bivouao. but not an eye was dosed in sleep ; the negroes gathered in a oompaot group and passed the remainder of the night in tolling ghost stories, to which. I oonfess, I listened with as much interest as any of tbem. Anxious to get away from our sinister sur roundings. daylieht found us up prepared to resume our maroh, and early in tbe forenoon we reached our destination, a seotion of land en tirely covered with cane, and here I pitched my tents, mid-way between a small but deep lake, or rather tarn, and the bank of the bayou, giving tbe hands a holiday is consideration of their terrors of the night before. I tied up my dogs and taking mv large bore hngfch rifle sallied out for a stiU hunt and to explore my surroundings, and ' was rejoiced to find in every direction abundant signs of black bear, deer and wild turkeys, and within a quarter of a mile of my location, and wi bout taking the UBual pre » autions of the still hunter, 1 had the good fortune tn bring down a noble buck, with his horns yet in the velvet, and therefore in tbe hiebest condition, a most welcome addition to our camp larder, which as yet contained nothing but f*t baoon, and on my return 1 had the ad ditional gratification. to find a great pile offish, buffalo, cat aid perch, and a large loggerhead turtle, all taken by the negroes, who, all bred on tide water, were born anglers. This relieved me of all anxiety as to the abnndanoe and variety of my commissariat. As for bread, meal and groceries I would have to go for that mype^f with a pack horFe, whenever it might be needed, to the river bank, 8 or 10 miles a*av. The next morning we went to work in earnest. A force of men, under Boots, the oarpenter, went off out to cut cypress lumber for the cabins whioh were to supersede the tents and the remainder of the bands were put to cutting 1 down the cane, a laboi whioh tbey appeared to enjoy. As for myself, my time was given to exploration, hunting and fishing, and when it is considered that a family of 13 labortog 1 people were never without an abundance of fresh meat or fish, all the produce of my rod and gun, it will be admitted that I was not the most inefficient laborer of the lot. And so we got along quite cheerfully for some days, until one evening about an hour by sun Mr. Oarpenter Boots and his pang of lumbermen came rushing into oamp, frightened out of their witp, stating they were pursued by the devil. People not familiar with tbe sons of Ham have an idea that a black man can't blush or turn pale. If they had seen my man Boots, who was naturally as black as the ace of spades, they would have Feen a negro litterally the color of grey ashes, and with teeth clattering like a pair of oafltanets in the hands of a Spanish gitana, After a deal of cross questioning, I ascertaine 1 that 3beir j^$gbt' and. ? stamped , was caused by 'fche' v'sit of a* harmless' black fear, attracted by the odor ofa L pieoe .of middling broiling on'the 'coals! jPtMifc'uled them for t|ieir cowardice, and told them that ifrthe story got'out ' hat four strong men, Jail' armed with axe?, had run'ttway from a -Tbea% rae ? wom^n wou'd laugh. at tbem, and Ihey would , never hear the last of it, and that if it ever ooourred a£ain they wonldbe jiimp'ngoutof ihe frying pan into the fire, for they would mostfcfesuredly get nine and thirty, and that jwell Uiflton, When I found it out. and tbat the punishment should be inflicted in ihe presence bf a'l the women in the camp. Two or thive. days^fter thi»;a 1 the oane-cutte's, m'.n'and wome^Vero^tampeded in their turn byabeir, whicH-jrushed, ''^ much frightened as tbey were, no doubt, out of the hollow of a large tr e trunk, which lay con cealed by the sending cane. I concluded that b-.'th stampedes haii been cnuaed hy the same b ast, and he had ma ^e his den fomewbere in my closejricinity. and I determined at. once to make every edf -rt to gee r'd of'so troublesome a ?nei. hbor. I had with me four dogs, ell of tbe same ' litter, an accidental cross between a pluoky, stout wire-haired terrier and a favorite foxhound bitch. Hot caring for mongrels,' I bad intended to drown the whole litter, but « friend living on the Mississippi side of the big river, where there were still some bows left, volunteered ti take home aud train them as bear dogs — the croc& was a foitunate hit, for at 18 months old these four puppies could not be matohed ou bear in the whole State. Fortu nately for me, just after 1 hid made up my mind to go into tbe swamp, but before 1 went away my friend soH he his 1 lantation and I got back the dogs, ns he bad no longer any use tor tbem. I bad be--n out with tnem witain a week after my arrival in the swamp j tbey soon found a bear quite near tbe house and gave me a fine cry, but soon ran out of my hearing and I found it impossible t*- follow them on foot, and the paddle, from the many bayous, was out of ;the question. One Sunday, bowtver, abou- two weeks after, as I was fishing in tbe Bayou, a man came paddling down who claimed to be my neighbour, living on the Bame water about six miles abbve me. He eaid he had heard of mv Arrival and had called to make mv ac quaintance and o£er mo his neighbourly service ; his name was Godrick 3 he was a good fellow, and an expert at bear hunting I told him of my success in that line, and asked him to come down with hie dogs and help me to kill my too familiar Bruin. On tbe day appointed be came down in a row-boat with five hard-looking mongrels, that turned out to be reslly first class bear dogs, knowing how to nip old Bruin in the rear and to keep out of the way of his tremendous blows and fatal hugs. My neighbor lodged with me that night, and after an early breakfast next morning we took the field with our dogs, which, oriite^, made an exoellent pick of nine Not far -sway we struck the hot trail of a bear the tracks of which, much resembling the footprints of a gigantic negr,o, showed him to be of unusual siz-e. In a few minutes he wps 44 bounoed ' and went away straight through the thickest of the cane at an awkward rolling gallop that surprised me by its speed Goodrick and I foil owed after at our best pace, but as it was on foofi; and through a dense cover of cane, 1 found it tbe hottest and 'hardest wort I had ever undertak en, and I determined then and there that in that style of bear-hunting the pleasure did not compensate for tbe tremendous exertions required, and that I would give it up unless I could find some easier method, ^ which, in iacc, x aia an buuu ub a gwu wmiuwi t»*hu w country. One bear, in this instance, clung to the cover of the cane as long as he could, doubling about at no great dietanoe from us and . ruEhing through the dense, stiff growth with as much ease as if it had been a wheat field. On two occasions he came quite close to where we were etandingv making a noise as he tore through like a young cyclone but though within 20 yards we did not get a glimpse of him. At last the dogs made the place too hot for- him, Bnd fre broke away in a straight line and was soon ont of hearing. Goodrick, who knew the swamp as well a? he did the palm of his hand, anticipated the courfe he would take, and, bidding me follow bim, took a short out to a point which he knew he would pass to gain the hurricane, where he would have been comparatively eafc ; but as we neared the point we were aiming at the cry of the pack reached us again, and presently the music changed into fieroe, savage yells, indicat ing the quarry had been brought to bay. With infinite toil we straggled through the dense jangle, under a heat cf 90 deg. or more, to the spot, where we where rewarded by one of the most extraordinary and diamatic soenes that ever greeted the eye of a hunter. There stood, with his back to a large gum tree, on hie hind legs, and apparently $ feet high, one of tbe most horrible objects I ever beheld s an enormous beast almost denuded of hair, and so reduced in flesh as to suggest a skeleton. Tbe creature, in health and condition, would have tipped the scales at 600 lb., but now he was a bideous, mangy shadow. As lie stood ther?, with his ears thrown bsok, his small black ! eyes flashing fire, bis red tongue, hanging, out I and his great white tusks snapping like a steel I trap, I thought be was one of the most formid able beasts I had evfer encountered, and the I dogs, too, whioh while keeping out of the reach 1 of his blows, formed a close circle around him, with their bristling hair and ferocity, seemed transformed into so many wild and dangerous beasts. The pack kept far enough away toafford us a fair shot at tbe beast without endangering any of their nonber. We fired ftimaltaneuDftly, A at tbe neck and Goodrickat tbe heart, when f;lie oreature fell so dead as not to ^injure ,the do r in his death struggles. ?''The dtfgS, which always in such cases pile in on their Uead prey, were inpqediately whipped off to prevent their con tracting the disease from wtiioh the beast wsb suffering ; but the only benefit we derived from our exertionB was the destruction of a trouble some. varmint ; for tbe oreature itself. ,wta . lob disgusting to be touched — Turf, Field and Farm, 