T11K MERCURY. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, JSS7. , . jiii In the Legislative Council yesterday, Messages were received from the House of Assembly embodying the Supplementary Appropriation, Small Debts Consolidation, , Land Acquisition, and Friendly .Societies Bills, which wera passod through their early stages, and tho socond readings fixed for Tuesday next, Ihe Building Snclotics Amondment Bill wa* returned with amend mente, which »ero ordered to bo considered on Tuesdsy next In reply to questions the Premier stated that the Government purpose to continue their efforts in the direction of inter colonial reciprocity, and that s bill dealing with the rabbit question had boen introduced in another place The fishermen's petition was ordored to bo printed on the motion of Mr McGrkoor |Tho Council adjourned at 4-20 until 4 o clock next Tuesday In tho House of Assembly yesterday, The Friendly Socioties Bill was read a third time, and passed / ¡The House went into Committee of Supply and made considerable progress with the postponed items of the estimates for the cur rent year, though some were again post poned ' iThe consideration of tho Launceston Elec trie Light Bill was resumed in committee, and the bill was reported with amendments, the third reading being taxed for Tuesday > The Houso adjourned at 11*20 p m till 4 o clock) on Tpesday next Two important Bills were distributed to members of Parliament yesterd iy One is a Bill " to make better pro vision for tho appointment mid regulation 3f""tlre"~Pohce Force," and the other a Bill " to make better pro- vision for the valuation and assessment of property throughout Tasmania" The first Bill is a proof that the Miuatry has courage,1 and is not disposed to evade difficulties which might have been evaded, on which fact it, certainly, deserves to be congratu- lated The second Bill is, perhaps, m certain ways the more important of the two, as if it accomplishes the object for which it is intended, the way will be cleared for an equitable readjustment of tixation such as is urgently required It is to bo regretted that the work of reassessment was not done before seeing that all agreed that the present valuations are utterly absurd and unfair in many cases so unfaii -ts to render the incidence of taxation based upon thom but the merest guess Hitherto, attempts at] a just assessment have not been successful, whethei because of the defective character of the machinery1 provided, or because, as we1 heard alleged, of combinations amongst landholders to defeat the intent of the legislature The late Mr Ginuv once uttered some very strong words m i égard to what happened to a certain commission some years ago, m which he appeared to imply that a true valuation of property was a practical impossibility ¡Whether he was light in his estimate of the difficult) of this necessary work-this preliminary to any equitable sjstem of taxation-remains to be seen, but we think that holders of proporty will now do well to gno all the assistance m their powerj lest a i worse oui than a fair valuation come upon them For, nothing can be plainer ^han that wo have < reached a stage m our history when a complete reusion of our taxation has become necessary There are, as is always ithe case, some differences ^ of opinion is"to what form that levision should take, some asserting that the land is too heavily burdened aheady, whilst others cpntend Jihat the unount collected from tho Customs bears an unfair propoition to^tho amount collected fiom land The new Customs duties are pppospd on the lattei ground, rk/beingi asserted that the workmg-olasses have tq bear too laige a proportion of the buidens of the State On the other {hand, we ha\e publishedletterbfrom landholder who decidió, usually in rvther stiong language, that they, and they alone, aie the pillars of thoiStateJ whilst* our^ readers must have4been* 'edified. with some of the speeches 'at, recent meetl mgs, m winch the laudownei has been depicted as the one jerson who alone bears, vivifies and pays, for all A closei examination than orators usually give to such questions, will show, we think, that tile facts arc^not precisely as seated byeitherside.but whether thisbe Lthe case oi not, it is plain to all, no matter to what paitj they may belong, that we must first make suret of our facts, we must first leam'tiuly what is the value of the propeity, and then we shall be able to say what the ?'form''tind piessure of required ta\ation should be j The Ministry proposes, in one sensed to do a great work , It seeks not only to get such a i valuation as has been sought before, but to ascertain a number of facts - which, if they i can only be ascertained beyond all doubt will prove to be of the greatest value and importance The Bill pro- vides that an assessment book for each district shall be made out by the assessors m which the following particulars shall bo set forth - " (1) A short description of and re- ference to the property assessed, (2) The actual value of the property assessed , (3) The unimproved capital value of the land included in the pro- perty assessed, (4) The capital value of the buildings included in the pro- perty assessed , (5), The annual value of the propert) assessed, (6) Tho name and residence of the occupier of the property assessed, (7)~ The name and residence of the owner of the pro- perty assessed, together with all other particulars which may from time to timo be prescribed " It will be seen that there are to bo discovered a number of values, winch will all be very useful if ascertained, but which may prove to be veiy misleading if they are in correctly set forth " Actual value " is defined to be the sum for which the land would sell v ith all its improve- ments This is the value which a previous Ministry proposed to discover, if possible, and which was then called the selling' or "cash" value This we take, subject to further enlightenment, is1 the true and proper basis of all taxa- tion on the land, which opinion, how livci, is pronounced by Hoinu to ¡oí, altogether ay mistake, ¡"i'lió^iinim' proved capitel'value" we have hèudj a great deal about of late, and nof much advance has been made hi the ,\v.ay, of proving that it eau be dis coveicd'with any degrco uf ' neem ney, albeit somo of our neighbouu hftvc a rough-and-ready way of arriving at a couclusiou on the point If it can bo fived, it will be a very good thing to know, but there aro possibilities of many cirois creeping in, and much trouble- to assessors. " Tho capital value of the buildings without |the land" is another invention of the,' Ministry,» 'based on " the idea " thai 'an income tax may bo got at in this way, about [which there aro very strong doubts indeed. Still, the information will be useful, if it can bo got with any approach to accuracy. " The annual value," of course, presents tno great difficulties but what may bo mode on purpose, the leal work being, as it ap- pears, to get at ,tho facts in the country districts ' It ' seems to be understood that three! assessors ure to bo appointed, whoso duty will bo to go over the whole Colony and get at the ti nth, to which end they ate to bo armed with large poweis. In fact, their powers are to be similar to those conferred on assessors in the Taxation Bill which is now, happily, defunct/1 and of which this Bill may bo said to be a fragment It seems to us, that .the work proposed toi be done, if it is done properly, will requite a great deal of time, since there must be many difficulties in the way of ascertaining .the various values sought to bo learned, especially as it is quite im- possible to give any definition of what arc improvements. There is to be an appeal to the Supremo Cotnt, which is to sit and adjudicate at such times and places as may be appointed, so that it -is probable that the judges will'j have some fine 'points jto, discuss, : especially ou the subject of unimproved value. However,' as we - have snid, : the work is a' very desirable onoi to//do, for if done'in a manner at all satisfactory,' it will clear the way ior fuithcr legis- lation and,"we expect, simplify the question of new taxation. We hope,1 therefore, that Ministers will do their utmost to make the assessment a fair one, and that the landowners will sec the wisdom of giving all the (assist- ance in, their power. We commend, also, the Bill to the'favourable notice of the Legislative Council. , i , The history of the introduction of Salmonhlw into Tasinauia is a recoid of persevering ' effort, in the fnco of much discouragement at the outset So earlyuus'1852 an attempt was made* to tianspoit 50,000 salmon and trout ova to the Colony, but no provision was made for keeping the ova at a low temperature during the voyage, and they all died In I860' another attempt was made, aud a quantity of ice was provided, but long before the vesbel reached her destination the ice supply melted, and the result of that experiment was a failure. .Nothing daunted, in 1862 a shipment was placed on board a steamship in tiays suspended in air, and, it was thought, plentifully supplied with iee,-,but the protracted ,voyagcs of those days "bad probably something to i do iwith this third failure, for after the lapse of 74 days the ice melted, and the third venture met with'the fate1 of tho two former. Two years' later, taught by experience, an icehouse ( was pro- vided, and ,vt lost tlie effoits of those interested were crowned with success. Several successive shipments have since been received, hatched at the feeding ponds in the Plenty, and liberated in the diffeient livers of the colony. , Of the three species intro^ ^duced,!,»*?. /arlo and, S. £r«ito ¡ Haye succeeded in acclimatising themselves, i but" the results in the case of the 4 ' salar are not so encouraging. Fiom time to time a few specimens have been caught whichi have been identi- fied as the true salmon, but no appreci- able number has yet been taken. -Dur ingtlnsycar it secined though all fin ther ieffç-i(ts( in the direction( of stocking our rivei8(with'.i fresh supply of salmon oya would be g'iven ^up j üjho Salmon Commissioners, who ,hod given much v i self-denying labour,! /and couti ibuted 4 much- wjse experience ( towalds tho [¡titainmontiof the» desired /ond; and feeling, pi obably,' thiiti'tliey^had done all thai" was' at ¿piesent ' possible in the« circumstances, resigned> in June last. ' In the present state of the Colony's finances, it seemed unlikely that the Government wouldi set aside ai fui thér'sum for^he impoitation of ova. _At_this junctihe the'Hon Dr. Aonlw, lion, secretary oft the [Royal Society of Tasmania, and who had foi some years been Chairman of the (Salmon Commissioners/ whose.deep in itéiest in the welfare of Tasmania genc tally is well' known, hits come forward, apd with, the public^ spiiit and liberality for which -he -is so distin- guished,' offered to defray the ' entire" cost of a, further, 'experimental .ship- ment of eyed salmon ova to the Colony, under the superintendence 'of Sir Thomas Brady, who, it is confi?' dendy expected, will come out > with thom, in response to the invitation lof the Royal Society and the personal invitation of His Excellency-- the Governor. At a meeting of the Royal Society on October, 10, the President, in referring to Dr. Agnkw's munificent gift, said :-" We cannot of course say that this experi- ment will succeed, but we mean to do our best that it shall, and with1 the accumulated experience now available' I 'think we do well to be sanguine." The experiment is worth trying1, and its success will bo gratifying to the colonists generally, the Royal Society, which has the matter in hand, the late Salmon Commissioners, and the gener- ous donor of the necessary funds. Cable News -At the conference of the leaders of the Gladstonian Liberal party now being held at Nottingham, Mr. Clad Btoue has spokeu strongly In denunciation of, the present policy of the Government in relation to affaire in Ireland. A resolution condemning the Government has been carried. Ihe Lord Mayor of London hu« convened a meeting of the Mansion House Committee for the purpose of considering the present disti ess among labouring classes in London. Latest reports as to the health of the Crown Prince of Germany are moro reassuring. Tho Marquis of Salisbury, who ,1ms been indisposed, has so fur lecovercd as tobe able to return to London. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has bo far recovered Iiíb health as to be able to resume Parliamentary duties.', An almost unprecedented rapid rise in the tin has occurred in the London market, latest quotation being £110 10s. per ton. ?Tho ship Nancy Holt, from Kui oka to Mel- bourne, bus been sighted in mid ocean, î'water-logged and ahtindoin-d. The I*, and O. Co.'s new steamet- Iii ¡tannin went ashoie at the Note, but flouted oil' again « ithout TKaiiMCit. EiiuoAfioN.-The Assembly »st night voted £1,000 for thu pmnososof cckuicul education^ and the -Mjuistui.of "lMidssuitcH'tinrrtlio Engineois' UiiiruekTiir Hobart h ould pt'obably bo"ciSnvct ted into a technical school, mid ,thut ho would tublu the report of tho |Comniitteo recently'np-j pointed on Tuesday when ho hoped to be able to say that tho lecommenilations miide( had buen adapted. Mr. Fit/get aid, «ho is inombcr of tho committee on tcchnii-ul education, cvpl.tincd that clussus »mild be formed foi itisttuctioti lu draw ing, genmetiy, applied mechanics, and cliemistiy, mid in-, struotion given in 'practical, mcclmiiiis.' From 1C0 to 200 scholars could bo passed through the chases in a year, and he hoped that beneficial results would, be , evident within 12 months. ' ' j Too Much Wind.-Lait night duiing^lic sitting of the Assembly', it was, ^occasionally almost impossible ' to , hour iii ,tho/ 1'iess callcry what «as boing'said in,tho body of the House, owing to tho umso,, ci cn ted by the '-tcntilators. Tho »hid,, whistled, shrieked, and wrestled with these venti- lators, making a disturbance that » us some- times perhaps mora musical thu.ii the mono- tonous tones of drcuiy members. This it us particularly noticeable while the House was in committee on the Launceston Klee ti ¡c Lighting Bill, »hen about half a " do/.ui members wearily plodded tin ough the bill, and satisfied themselves that, thoyr| were doing theil duty by sitting, so luto "on'u Friday and a v-indy night. , | ,' ¡ TUE PARUAMtrSTAUV Ill'IMllMIS.- Fiom time to time the accommodation and \ entila tion of the two Legislative Cliambeis ¡s'a subject that cours on for consideration, mid after a great many,trifling ulteiutiona)uid futile utteinpti to devise ii comfortable ays tem of ventilation, 'complaints urO|grcutet th'sn ever. The,Legislative Council has been pronounced one of ítlie huiidsôiùost chambers in Australia, but it is indifferently ventilated, and the'provision for the Thiess isi inadequate and ¡-»fly inconvenient. As the mcinbciSg of this chumbur do not ' have many, , late sittings th'o want of,,ventilation »licit the gun is| lighted, is not experienced ! eveept .e-n warm nights tow nuls the ,closO| jif , the session. In the Assembly, ho» ever, the de- icht« aro greater, and1,have ¡to bo, suffered almost' continuously for1 so\ oral months ( by all connected with it. The chumbcr is small,' "wretchedly vciitilutvd, provides nothing like adequate .iicrammoilution, for the public, and »hen packed timing the "course of an important debate is disagreeable to( everybody. We, know fat a,fact that ' 'several " members, have , compluiued of serious effects , cxpei ienccdi j dry thetjt in' oonscquence of the _ heated r and vitiated air, and Intvo been obliged ovory 1 now and again to retire. Such ventilating apparatus as llii-ic is, not only docs, not ,|ict ' sufficiently util to keep the ah-, in, tim chamber cool ,ind pure, but »lion' tim wiuda ,is blowing, "i- it ble»' yesterday, afternoon,' ?it'innkcs a roaring noise oje-r thowell in tho * roof that reuders ¡t'iiiipossible to hoar,any- thing that J i said while', tho gust lusts. ' Apai t from the want of u'cci>nit-,igdii .tion in j tho chamber itself, thu 'accuin 'mbdation provided for. the officers of, the House and thu , Pi ess is . inconvenient and far too limited. | The' Pioss gulleiy Is roomy enough, though uncomfortably hpt on warm nights, hut the ropiosutitativcs of,fo|ii* papors ure compelled, to assemble ¡ in ¡ on'o, ' 'small room, those having wpik to do, and' those waiting to go on, bciujg,huddled,up , together u ith a breathing , space that ' co- operative Chinaman would',huiilly put np with.' Weare pleased, to leam,'upon, in- quiry} that tho Speaker bus taken up the question, 'and has addicssud a letter to the Premier upon, it. , Ho, has, ppinted , out thnt nothing has' buen done , to remedy 'the, evils complained, of by himself and otliti s, with the o->ccptiúiij of removinc the rtpotteis to the sttangots' galleiy and electing a heavy gallety, at tho other,end of the Chamber, ami, utting up a "box" for the ladies''galleiy. Admitting, ' that the erection of a new House of i'arlia ' ment cannot bo cntcrtuhicd at the picsent , tine, lie contends that something should be dono to icudei tho present building more ' convenient and less injurious to health, We , rbolieve the Speaker has lccommcndcd the , cnlaigomcnt of tho building by taking on 1 that portion now occupied by the Collector I, of Customs, and certain nltciutions that , might be cfleetcd at a small cost. By adopting this course moro air spuce would 1 bo provided mid a hugoi gallery foi- visiiois ! would be possible, »'hilo more udcqiiuto mid [ convenient accommodation could be given to the olliccrs and the Pi ess. The Speakei has not yet received any answer to his lettev, 5 .but wo trust tho reason for its delay is that 3 ¿Ministers aie considering the dcsiiablcncss of can y ing out the iccomiiiciulatioiiB made. J JFrojudly a Mistake,-A London tole t1 gram in yesterday's issue i efei red to a Pro . lessor of Agriculture for Adelaide Unlvci , sity. This ib in all probability a mistake, us thctc is no cliaii of agriculture at this ., university, but tboie is an Agricultural 3 College in connection with the Ooveiiuimnt , Experimental Farm, oí-¡ which the post ?"> of principal has been vacant for scvciul i months past. As a suitable man to fill the 3 position could not be found in the colonies, applications »ero invited in England, und it "1 fisj probably this to which the telogiam 3 frofeis. ~ {Obituary.-Tho death,is announced,),»! f 'our cable messagis of th'o Right Hon^AleV1 M JJ B. lieiosford Hope,. M.P. fqr Cambridge 1 University. Men of the Time contains the 3 following notice of the decoased :-" Hope, 'I Alexander Jumes Bciesford Bcicsfoul, M.P., LIj.D., youngost .Bon of, ithcl. lato \- Thomas Hope, Esq., of .Deepdene, Suucy \- (author of ' Anastasias 'J, by Louisa Bores ., ford, daughter of Lord Decies, Archbishop , ,of. Tiiam; who muriiod Jos ) her second) hus r, .band the lato Viscountllleiesford, G.C.B., l"" bom in 1S20, was educated at Hal low and 1 at Tiinlty College, Cambiidge^ wheio ho graduated B.A. in 1841! ' Ho was ano of the I earliest mcmbois und president of tile Ciun 1 bridge Camden (aftoiwaids ,tho Koclesio logical) .Society, and has talton jin uctive : [part in the Chuieli movement, and in i artistic mid aichitecturul i|Ui.stioiis, as un 3 avowed partisan oi, the, Gothic side. , Ho purchased in ISM the ancient buildings of , 'hi Augustine's Abbey, Ciuiterbury, as a 2 college for missionary clelgy, und was Presi 3 dent of the Royal Institute of British Aiohi tocts from 1805 to 1807. i Ho was one of tho m'cmbeis for Maidstone fiom 1841 till 1852, 5 when ho ictired, but was rc-elr-ctetl for that f boroimh in March, 18j7. In 18."i!) he »us an unsuccessful candidate for the Univcisity ' of Cambridge, w as defeated at Stokc-npon 1 Tient in 1802, and was elected for that li borough in July, ' 1808/ 'In 18Ö8 ho'was , elected foi tho University of Cumbildge, ' which ho still leprcsctits. Hoi bus' always ? acted as un independent Conservativo. In . 1881 the University, of JJublin conferred on him the ho'norary degree^of LLiD. 'Mr. ? Beresford Hope is the Author of ' Letters on I Church .Matters, by D.C.L, ;' . The English Càthcdial of the 'Nineteenth Century'j' j- /' Worship in the Church of England,' 1874 ; ''I'Strictly Tied Up,' a novel, 1880; "Tho Brandreths,' a novel, 1882 ; and of uumcious > pamphlets, papors, and ai Holes. Ho man ¡ed, p in' 1842, the Lady Mildred Cecil, daughter l of James, second Marquis of .Salisbury." IThe S.S. CiitviOT.'-^Tlíe''follówiiijjlan t tiounccmtnt appears tin I tho Melbourne f ASrgiix of tho 18th inst.j-" Notice.-The , s.s. Cheviot, 2,000 tons, Commander Riclmid 1 son, leaves to morrow, 'at i*ooit,' for Sydney I and Newcastle, transhipping at Sydney for I Queensland ports,-Wm. How'ahu .Smith amo Som-;, Lt., Market-street." A similar notice appears in the Ai/e of the 18th inst.' The Ar jim also notifies that the steamor left I Sydney for Melbourne on the 15th inst. ¡Californian Trodt.-A very gratifying proof of the success of the -salmon,expert i m'ent was received by the Curator of the j Museum yesterday from Mr. C. S. Agnew, ,, of, (Waverley, Oatlands), in the shape of two ; fine specimens, of the Californian trout (jttlmo fontinalie) that had been caught on [ Messrs. C. 8. Agnew'and A.' Togo's estate at Oatlands. The specimens were part of a ' small collection of fry presented by the , Salmon Commissioners to Messrs. C. S. I Agnew and A. Page in the latter part of ?? '1885, and placed by thom in a stream on their estates. Io the two years they have grown to the same same si/e as fish of thesame age in the Home rivers. The largm mea . surcd l.'fin. in length, 8in. in gil th, and weighed lib. Wo understand that Mc»sis. ' Agnew and Page have decided to prohibit , all fishing in the streams on their estates for the pul pose of firmly establishing this very valuable fish in the waters, a step for which they will dcscivo the thaulcs of all legitimate , anglcis. Tikilt FisiiiNe. -A corie8poudont wiites : -Trout ate very numerous in the Huon Kivei this season, sorno vciy laige ones having been captuied. Captain Hopwood, of Hobart, managed to land four vmy nice fish, one weighing 8$lb, ^SouTiihiiN Tasmanian Rh-lb Ahhooia tio.v-A handicap match for second-class shots is announced to ho fired to-day', the " prizes being a handsome trophy, valued at ' £.1 3s., presented by Mr. \V. Qóldlng, and I £3 in money. SiU'1'i.KMRhT. - Our supplement to-day contains the lepoit ol yesterday's Parlia- ment, Hobart Muline Board, Country News, ' und other matter. Tin; Moi'iirav BuiAhTlN.-Tho following i is ii copy of tho bulletin lcccivcd yestculuy -at-tho -Central-Board^of-Health ojlioo_i~ i iiii'lutin, Moubray quarantine, 10 o clock a.m.-W. HiBhop, jim., and S. Watson, i doing well ; Ii. Mai shall and A. Bennett, i luipiovert BÍnaoyesterday.-=-C.-\VrKocin'nrJ'" < UiüTKit's Runillsiri "-'îl'ho following ' Renter's, copyiight, cablegrams havo been piiblislicd in tho Otnyo baity 'J ima and aoittliluml Timm, and presumably in otlici ' ¡New Zealand papers, receiving news per Rcutur's agency :-" Hobart, October 12, ' Recoivcd Kith, 1 CO a.m. The health autho. ' } ¡ties announce that 25 cases of Biiiall-pox ' exist in this colony." " Hobart, October 14\. Received 15th, 1 "35 o.m. Tho small- pox epidemic is spreading rapidly, 49 cases of tim disease being icpoitcd to the Sanitary Boaul." Wo do not know who is rcspon-' siblo for bending muli lecklcssly false und iniachicvous statements, but tho managers of Reutet's agency should, at least, take the trouble to verify information of this kind befoio disseminating it broadcast tinough a Beotion of tho colonial Pi ese. Appin cntly no [caro lins been'taken to define "small' po\ eases," " suspecte," and " isolations,! . and the record as it stands tells very pre- judicially against Tasmania. QliAHANTINR RlsOÜLATIONt.-In UloHoUBC of Assembly yestctday afternoon the Minister of Landa stated that the Premier had re- ceived the following telegram from the' Premier of Victor!» :-" The Central Board of Health having tcportcd that oiHcial in formation has been loceivcd that no case of' Biiiall-pox liaB occuricd in Launceston since the l;tth inst., it has been déterminai upon the hoard's tccommcudation aa follows : That on' and after the 28th Inst, vessels símil bo allowed to come to Melbourne from Launceston na usual, piovided fiiat that no fresh cases occm in tho meantime ; secondly, . that thu vessels biiug a clean bill of htalth ¡' thirdly, that certificate by Launceston health ntliccr bo(ciidorscd, or some other pi oof auch as statutory .declaration, be given to, satis- faction of(liealth oflicci at(|iiaiantine station, Point Nepean; that t passengers aie i not persons « ho have been tinder observation, nor in known contact with any source of inspection',-(Signed) D. Gili.iks, Promler." Mr. Cou«ay remarked : Thank them for 'nothing.! -Vi' i Í . ¡DlSTIttaUIKHltt» VltlTOllS IO THE ÏA8-f jiAMAW Museum.-Ycsteiday the Karl, "and Countess of Carnarvon, accompanied by His Excellency and Lidy Hamilton, Mr., W.i H. Robinson (pi iva te Bcerotary), and Air. and Mrs.Clms. Youl, of Simmons Plaint, paid,a visit to the Museum. They weic loeeivod by the curator (Mr. A. Moiton),who conducted them through the building. The Kuti and Countess expressed their-gi atifica-.« turn specially with the Tasmanian loom, and complimented Mr.' Morton on the classi- fication and arrangement of' the Museum getioially., ' , , . , ( 'Alu.s'icirAt,.-The Municipal Council will , meet on Mouday nn>t, at the Municipal Cóunuil-chambcr, ut 4 o'clock, »hen the following business will have consideration, basilics. 8ubjecta_thiit.niay_ic(iuiic , prompt atti mimi during the sitting:-Ropoi tu from thu various committees;as follows :-Pu'dic Woiks.-On letter from Messrs Cilspand Ci ¡sp! i c cellar Royal I Hotel. On letter from Mr. J. H. Scott again ' complaining of his neighbour's drainage'1 In ' Goulbmn-strcet. On tondors'for Patcrnostcr-iowr '< Water--' «brka.-On letter from Mr. James May«/ Halting for a main service pipe from Parlia- ment-street > to Loid street. ' /Health -On , lcttei from the secrctaiy of Battoiy Point Association,i re (hain through St David's huilal-ground. On tendéis for sanitary pans. Slaughter Yards.-On'petition asking that tho exlBtiiiL' pigsties at tho slaughter yards Liu not abolished. On fiutliei considciation o^Btanding orders submitted by tho Patlia iiicntury Committee, together with inks proposed'by Mr. Alderman A'nott. Oidcrsi ofj tho Oay.~ Consideration of -'special'ro-1* pu|itof thu Health Committee it dangerous structurcB in Argvlo sticet.' Mi. Alderman Davies to move,-That this council hav > iug agreed to adopt the duplicate pin system, it is necessary that ¡mmcdi ito pro ;, vision should be made to get rid of house liquids. That in order to carry out a' . system of underground drainage this eoiini.il ' i do borro» ¡ £50,000, ind that Parliament be i asked to give tho necessary power to obtain > the amount, In the event of the abovo > being agreed to, that a commission i bo appointed to early out the work. ' Alderman Rait to move,- 1. That a re- turn bo furniBlicd to this council of »11 ' works ordered and carried ont during 1 the present year, other than workB included j i in' the | scheme of works for 16S7. 2. I 1/ That the resolution passed by this council i compelling owners to deposit ¿5 and pay the whole costs of pivcil crossings, in so far , us regal ds thu foimatlon of now paths, bo i îekindul. Business for the Local Coald of i Health.-To receive icpoit of the Public Works Committee on letter fi oin Mr. J. Kelly . iisking pel mission to convcit an outbuilding . into a duelling house, and on letter fiom \- Mi. T. Ball objecting to the some. , jli'niK Bhioadi. Bovno.-A meeting of tho 3 mumbel.h of the boaid was hold at tile office 1 of the Derwent and Tamar Assurance Co. t yesteiday afternoon. Picsciit-Mi. C. M. t Maxwell (chair), Mossis.' John Robcits, B., 1 Iv Solly, and C Hm bottle. The minutes 3 ofj tjiopievious meeting vvjero lead mid con , fiijmed. Tho coroner vvroto, enclosing a t cony of the veidict given at the inrjiiiiy on i the indent (He at Mr. Jut vis's shop, Livoi pool sti eet. , The letter (wiib received without i comment, Accounts to the amount of £200 ISs.Uil^vere^bh^djUidnasse^o^paynient 3 Tlio'bo.ird then roser " """?"*" 1 ¡Tun AaiucULTUKAr/lSiiow.-Tho show >! ground yesterday waB visited by u fair mun i um of people who vyeie'desirous of having 0 an'otliei look at the" stock remaining for 1 sale, oi like the agi ¡cultural implement» and ? macllinei'yC 'being lemoved. Tho'weather' 1 thlougllint' tho day was exceedingly . boisterous? but the strong'winds'had < the . elÇcttof drying the smfatc of thcgiound'to 1 a surprising extent, and'later in the'day 2 tho dust lose' lathiir unpleasantly.' 'About 3 nrJon a ' Bomewhat tiercel gust of wind than, " usiial"completely nvctturned Mr. >Cí 'U. . lljiywooil's liiaiqucc, < and tho publicans' 3 booth occupied by Mi. "»Vest. In tho foi mer 1 ¡nitttiico no damage was done, ' and I Mr. 1 Haywood, »bypei mission of the secrotiuy, 3 spbudilyr lemoved his edibles to apoltionof ' the 'giu'udstaiid, vvhorci he supplied the 1 wants of the hiingiy buyers and lookcis-on,' ? Mk.<<'West, however, was not so ' fortunate,1 as'1 he had ' t lot of glass- j ; wAii-'-bioken, and ono of his assistants niArolvly. escaped injury. Tho stock sales <. weionotveiy biisk, savo in one or two in-> 1 fliancosi but beef ran np to nearly 50*1'pel" ' 10011)'. Thefiistpiii'ufntoxniadol'31 10d.,thû " second jiiiro beast went for £1 less, and'the ' fat cow which atti acted' so much attention J passed» und« -the. ¡mininer at £25. Tho' > liaise sales1 weio not very numerous nor . 'valuable.1 ) The Lincoln stallion Noble was 1 puWd lu at fomethlng ovor £400/ and' ' thlo ' li ¡ghost »pi Ice paid for a'blood liol se was'1 ¿oOl/'nt 'which' 'figiiib_ < Kor¿alis 1 t-liunged hands. The ' pi \vo -'fab olosi-orcd | wethers'sold at 39a. > to':11s",'and Jettut boats ut £.'( 15s. and £3 10s. 'We ato ro > qijcsted to i Btato that a committee meeting' 1 will he held at the > sccrctaiy's offito on Mon-' ! ¡l4y evening, nt 7'30, to p*tB accounts lor > > prizes, consider protests', etc. , By advoi r tremont In another column all > per- sons) ¡having ,accounts ;against the sooictyc aro invited to send them In to the secretary, i before noon on that day. The bad weather ' experienced during the show has, a« every | one expected) caused a loss j to the Society, ' arid as there are still aome outstanding sub ' scriptlnns, which will be of material advan I tage in lessening the deficit, it is to be hoped ' subscribers wilt ior» ard them at once. , A ' 'Aiistake appeared in our pn/.e list yesterday 'ini crediting Melbourne with third prize In the draught stallion class. 1 liceo honours ; belonged to Mr. W. Uiirbury's boree Fingal. > U.Nüi.MMBD Tei.euiiam.- A message ad- dressed "John Macarthur," awaits an > owner at the telogiaph ofiico. I l)UAI'Elt«' AND GKOUEHS' AwslhTAM«' Association',-Aiiuounceinent Is made that i uiider the auspices of'.this association a pleasure excursion to Oyster Cove will be made au the e.s. Koonya on Wednesday i afternoon next, weather permitting. Tho previous trip made on the half holiday wag' most enjoyable, and favoured with fine weather, the association will no doubt on Wednesday find the comfoi table steamer well Ulled. Paiiattaii Daihy Company.-Wo aro informed that applications for shares are being sent lu steadily, and the director» hopo to bo able to report tho company floated The share list is advertised to bo closed about the 1st of November. Intend- ing appliciiits should send in their applica i tiona without delay. > / Tin Gun,-A shooting match fon tho championship of the South, and for £5, £10, and £15 sweeps, is advettisod to tate place at the Enterprise Hotel, Brighton, to-day. A good supply of Btrong birds is promised, i and it may also be mentioned that this is' the lust match of the season. GAkkiso.v BamjCo.nceuts.-The Garrison Band will give a concert on Mr. T>avis'v balcony to-night, commencing at a quarter, to 8, and will give a Sunday afternoon con- cert on - the Esplanade at Bellerive to- morrow, commencing at 3 o'clock. Lhimi.viivi: Coiim'ii. Dishiioth.-Wo have I ceci veil a i,'turn, pre pul eil hy tile (lovelliment Statistician, showing the mea, population, tho pi oil nets, and tho na turo anil; mumal viiluu of snell piodncts for the last tinco years of the Legislative Council disti iuts.- I'liu Statistician saysj- .," " As "indicating th<) impui tunco of the agri- en) Í ii ral and puij^oi^l iudust(y of {.Ijuistiyid, it is worthy of note that 1.1 io nggrègato valuó of'products for the years specified is- very ceusiilerabto, ranging fi otu £2,081,024 in 1ÇS5, to £2,807,20(1 in 18S0." Soutiii.hn Cium DisTiiicT, I.O.R.-Tho' usual quin torly meeting of this district waa held at tho ciiuiiibois, Meinoiiul Hall, last evening. Tho D.C.U., Bio.d<!. Dodds, pre sided, and tlioio'^ns a large1 attondanco of, ropiesontativcs. Thu returns, from tho, valions tents wete submitted, mid the elco, tion of oilieuvs was pioueeded with, resulting in Uio. Grubb being elected D.Ç.R.; Bro. , Rodd, D.D.H.; 'Bio., Chas. Miller,.District, Sec; and Bro. O. ¡Hiddlostone.wDiitiiot' Treas. After tho trausaotioir oí i routine business, the council closed in tho proscribed J for|", i li , 1 , l it ml? 1m m1 i Oilmen ' CkkyIckm.-At the 'Wcaleyan*' Church, Mulvillo-Uroot, to-mlirrpw,'the Rev. D. Aniiuur will eonduot service in the, morn-, * ingl and the He v. U, Schofield! in the even-, ing, andr vice verna at the Davey .street . Church. -, At; tim New Town Wealeyan Church the Rev. J. U. Millard will conduct morning und evening set vices. At 'the Memorial Chinch the Rev. G.W. Sharp will i - conduct worship, morning and evening. At' .St.;Audrew's Church the Rev. J.1 Scott will-' preach ut 11 a.m., and in the evening lee-. ' tunion " Hi'ioca of Faith." At St. ' John's, Mjcqiiuiiu-sticot, there will bo a special. ( service for children ut .'t p.m., and also the ' usuul morning mid evening scrvicos. llr.*'\ W. Lake will conduct service at the Manuel's Chinch at .'< p.ni. i <<' ' ' Cmiitcti OprKHTiliiUMi-'At 8ti Georgo'a - to-morrow tho collections morning and'even-'3 ing will be on behalf «f the'Chiirch'SpciHy.' 'At St. Joh-i's, NpW' Tn^n',1 the tioÍlecti¿nBJ will bo dovotel,|to'^hli^djinei'al'Church'^ Fund. , ? ,"(,1,(1 !, ,,*,,, ', i t T'jic_MAaoNiy.J)Ai.l,,-It. is annonticod_ that the Masonic hall for the benefit of tho ~ Tasmanian Masonic'Benevolent Fund will be held on Tuesday evening next, 25th inst. His Excellencytho'Goveriior,'t.»dy Hamilton!" P y Earl Carnarvon (Pio. Grund Master of Kng-i laml) and Countess of Carnarvon will bo Íircsent. It will bo observed that the dato las been altered from the 27th inst, I ¡TAiímas'ía.s'Bauino Cmiii.-This' club 'tsf' < again indebted to ' Mr, ' David Ta> lor for a ' I '1 handsimio donation. t-The scorotary inform» ?> us that hu has luccived a ¡cheque from/ this; /I liberal spin taman for the sum of £50, which is'to be used in the piirchuse of 'a silvan cup to augment tho Steeplechase at the Summer Meeting in Fobruiuy;.'1888. <Mr./Taylor ' - .well merits the thanks winch aro due to him for his handsome' present mid thecuconiage niciit ho is anxious to givn to this branch' of ' ' (racing iii Tasmania. J -" ' ' ' " - i ' ' ' *> J \ 'Mmlatüii JnoKi-v' Ci.t7n.'-Studciastei-B '' would have 'recuivcd.'Jwith' pleasure, tho1,' announcement that'the1'Midland1 Jockey-"I' Club hiivo dceided to continuo ' the Sires' r' Produce Stakes, w,hicl)7 o,n its first year, dpscd »ith'sjich proniising results. In our "advertising' columns will be found the con- ditions of the " classic " ovont to be run at - the animal inuiitiug of the1 M.J.C! 'in 1880/ F *í The alni» add óOjov's,'' to'the''subscription of J. lOdOVf. cudi fiom tho owners of sires, and tliciB is also W novel uddltion'td the pruo' la tho shape of tu o tons of Hour (or £20), the gift of' so'vcial'' Wijiportersi'ot 'tho-.1, club!1 Circumstances ."'Have1 'arisen noces- "? sitating shorter '' notice ' than ' hitherto, ' and theioford ' ilwnoi's1 of thoróugbrod siren1 * would do Well to'icineiulicr that on Monday ' next entries ' «Iobo. ' Nohiiniationg for'now ' ¡yearlingie/the produce of subscribing sires, will bo i'e6«ivoil at a hitor, period, rîoarly everybody knows that Mr.' Sydney Page Is bon. sccrctuiy to thu Midland Jockey Club, and his'allditss is equally familiar to tho genenil body of spot tsincn.' ?L Cur Poi.iui; Coukt.-Vostorday, bcfoio Mr. W. Tin luton, P.M.. and Mr. J. Har- corn t, J.P., Uooigo Willis, charged with being iii le and disordorly, and being found on eel tain pi émises for mi unlawful purpose,' . pleaded not guilty.1 'P.C. IBorry deposed i that ho huw defendant outer ii stublo, and au ha suspected him witness followed close behind und su» him in oloso proximity to a coat that was hanging on tho wall. As sonn us di fendant saw witness he laid down and pietended 'to be asleep, < Some'dozen Ïire'vlous convictions having been proved the ' lench sentenced lum , to thrco months' impiisoninunt. Fiancis ¡Higgins pleaded guilty to distuibing the peace, and was lined 20s. ' Od., or one month. Joseph Cavanagh and William Allan, chin god with gambling in a publia place, tho formel pleaded not guilty. P.O. Charnley gave evidunnu that the two defendants had au uiidui and over tublu also a dico box and dice Onthopollcouppioaohingthodcfendants doubled up the cloth, ii On moss examina- tion viilncss said that ho could not positively sweat tli.il Cavunnh did movo tho cloth with, . his own'hands, i Suh-iuspcctor Cook kuvo evidence that the two (defendants weio . acting in conceit. Ile Baw the dice on tho tibie,. undi the puhliu were staking their, money. ?-' The defendant Allen wus fined 20s. j 8tl. or olio month, mid Cavanagh 40s. or one month, ,it> boing his second offoncc of this natta o. i John Hogan, Michael Flynn, ?Michael Hogan, i Thomas White, and ThontHH Hogan, ohuigcd u i til having created a I distiuluuco iii, ti io, Catholic Burial , ground wcie finod'lOs. or sevoV, ¡lays each. | Anothel lad nitiucd Tilomas Munn was lined' flsi, costs being remitted. On the application, ofj Superintendent Pedder]' tho charge 'of in- . decent 'assuult In ought against John1 ,, Mjicdonuld /way'),wlthdrawn. Some 'small . boys'Varo brought up for wilful dcpfciuctioiJ ' . of pi opei t*^, somo .hi pancB of glass having , rbeeu bioken, thopioptity~of Mr.'Wright. ' ' J'lle lads names wine John Claik, »Vin. Hau ison. Chun.,,, Milln,, Kniest Jackson, Avtlmi Guest mid Einest Wiltshire. Einest ha W,iight| of the /inn/of Wright Bros, de-1",1 posoil to the damaga having beeil ' dotie, aneT",',, itulowitnessesnitmcil Simthund Kemp,proved tlicluds to bu't|i'o culprits'.' J-'They' woru each fiijed 2s. Oil. and 10s.'damage or sei-dn1 days, uiid,suvcicly talked to by the Bench. ' Mary ' ' 'Aim' 'Wlllianis was charged with having Stilen a silver watch, of tho value of £5, tho ' ' piopoity of one 'John Stiachan. Prisoner, plbailell not guilty. J Ebono/.cr' 'Thomas,.' pawnbiokor, said tho wutcn pioduáed was'' plbdgod with him on tho Oth October by tho'r SI- sonor,1 who culled herself Mary Ann' olinsim. olio , was, | .sober /when, sho, paw tied tho/,wat<jh,, aud^ «aid , the , watch,, j bulougcdi to j, her husband, "who -¡was J ¡ni tioulilo., ,Jolm_ strachan", tsald , lio * 5 was ajfarmi'r residing 'at .Port 'Cygnet, , On the' night of October 5 witness wus stay linL'ut the, Sluuniock Hotel, Hobart,, whoro hallad tob 'much' liquor, and went o\tt into 'J'' tim yard and May (Town to sleep, ¿taila "' witblí'Juí, his T)ouket'"*i,t ,tho' time.1 Tho x iwatch pioduccd Was his'propot ty. Hore«, membered sceinj; prisoner about the yard,' * but'did 'not'vomumbor'spoaking to her. " Missed tho watch "about, lOminl'after he re- ' i turned1 from' the yard to tho' house In' anjswei' to( pi ¡souci, ho denied that hu gave ' the watch to her, or had mado any ovot turcs to, her.Detective Delaney proved to tiucing i tho watch to piisonei's possession, and her' subsequent at rest. Prisoner's previous con- victions woiu proved, and prisoner was se-n > , tcnced.to.four.inoiitlis' imprisonment. ,Mar-'"', shall v. Darcy.-Wilful destruction of pro- perty. ThUi'iiifotmutioii, remanded,fiom ? the 7th,inst.,,was withdrawn, as, tho de [fendant, Sarah Darcy, bad paid the amount , of¡ damages und costs, aud also rr~i*,^bd ,, from tho neighbourhood. This close JcT-hç,'.,,, biisiiics^of the Court. ' ^v.r j ' Conokbt.-Tho last of a series,of wht/1| have "proved to bo most enjoyabto coh-j certs, was giv,en in the schoolroom of St. , I Andrew's Church last evening. A specially, ,,j ?elected programme of , vocal, and instru- ,,, mental music was submitted, and. each item ,,, received full. justico at the hands of thei{fj, several performers, and in more than one, ,\ instance an encoró wan earnestly demanded.),n\ Miss Oldham took the initiative with, a piano <_ i solo, ,", Baps» fantastique," which wau bril-, " Huntly, rendered. Mr. A. B. Hull waa , j successful in the , rendering of his song, ,, "I heard a voice," and his second effort,, ,i tin) the comic line,) also met with ap- proval. iMr. J. i Adcock waa , in good vaico, and gavo " Tho Falconer " and " The - tempest king " in excellent stylo, and in re- sponse^ an encoró for the former he essayed, VTho sleeping camp" with equal succès». -*"î Mt«. Hcdberg rccolvod well- merited recall ~ in' both cases for her rendering of the songs "I dreamt.that I dwelt" and "Dolly'«', royengo." Misa Bargh sanft'"Remember,', nièno,moro" and "Waiting, in her usual /, pMsing style, in each instance being cn-.', ¡ eoKdl , Mi*. Lithgow's song " Vanished " , met with approval from the audience, as'dill ul^o u piano solo. "Tho Vicar of Bray," hy Miss Oldham; Miss Orpvvood'a "Trust- ing" was au acôçptablo addition to the songs, ofi the evening. Whilst Mr, and ¡ Mrs. , Eltham added to, thoir lum els by the duet ; "Sweet ¡b'tho dream." A song and clioius, f "Nursery rhymes," by Mr. J.( Roid, con-, eluded a vory pleasant evening. 1 r Sumíiieii Exctfn-MioN I'aiies.-Tho T.S.N.; Co. announco that on and after Monday! j 'nuxt,' 24th iuBt.',, return excursion tickets ( ^ will \», iss'tieilbetween Hobart,,Molbourne,],,* and Sydney, available, as usual, for threft.,-* months. Tho fares aro noted in our adver- tising columns. A MEMENTO.—" Robin Goodfellow," the flaneur of the Newcastle Weekly Chronicle, the Northumberland paper, with which the late Mr. John Dorrian was connected, pre- vious to his coming to Tasmania, publishes a letter be received in August last, which has a somowhat melancholy interest, Boeing that it was probably tho last written In Hobart by tho deceased to his journalistic, fricndH in tho' Home Country. Tlio letter runs tlniBi-"i'ity tho Borrows of a poor Noith-Couiitryiuttii without' tho WccUy Chtouiclt. Yes, boliovo it or not aB you will u Tyncsidor In those colonks finds no paper to Biitisfy him likq his own old v« eekly. Here was I, however, in remote and sleepy Hobart, and for three months I had not cast my eyes on my beloved friend. ' Surely,' I soliloquised, ' there are North-Country folks in Hobart who have the Weekly Chronicle mailed to them.' To doubt it was absind, for thcro is not it coi nor'of tho globo whero thoro is not a {faith Cpuntiy man, and wheiovor theie 'is a North Country tuan thcro follows a Weekly Chi oniclc So I kept, on the look-out, and was rewarded. In a report of a meeting of a Mutual Improvement Society, I observed that one of the speakers mentioned casually tliat ho had been connected with a Parlia- mentary Debating Society In Newcastle-on Tyne. Hurrah11 here was my 'mun. 1 hunted bim up immediately ; ho had just received a Wully Chomck by mail, and to my delight he gave it to me. The gentle- man who plucod mu under this obligation was not a Novoeastrian, but he spent a year or two, which li« says were the liupplut of his life, in Newcastle. His namo is Mr. JameA Longmore. He is tho head of the Boy^lsraIning School or Reformatory. He haB bocuxhere upwards of thres years, and has managed ,tlio institution willi n suc- cess whicu' lum been acknowledged mid eulogised on all bunds. He wiib for a timo assistant master at the Boys' Industrial School in New Road, Newcastle. Ho has a largo circle of acquaintances in the, ' coaly, capital.' It never rains but it pours. I had no sooner discovered Mr. Longmore than I struck a rich seam of North Countrymen. There is Alderman Hiddlestone, one of the leading men in the city in every good work. In temperance and religious movements, as well as in the discharge of his duties as a member of the corporation, he displays that shrewdness, blunt straightforwardness, tenacity, and courage characteristic of the best types of Northumbrians. Alderman Hiddlestone is a South Shields man, and left that town 30 years ago. But he has forgotten neither the old scenes nor the old tongue. I was standing on the Vice-regal platform here in the Queen's Domain on Jubilee Day watching the immense con- course of people gathered from all parts of Tasmania. A voice at my ear said, ' Aa, warr'nt, noo, thoo's seen croods like this on Newcassel, Toon Moor.' I turned round ; it was my friend the alderman. With his assistance and my own observa- tion I soon ' spotted ' some dozens of North Countrymen here. Among the more pro- minent I may mention Mr. Juitice Dodds, who has been representing Tasmania at the Imperial Conference. He has yet to prove his capacity as a judge, but as a Parliamen- tary leader he has no rival. His success as a lawyer and politician has been pheno- menal, and is a native of Durham. Our Mayor, Alderman Harbottle, is a native of Morpeth. He is a genial, unassuming gen- tleman, who, has everyone's respect and no one's enmity. Mr. Rippon Shields, who holds a responsible position in the Works department under the corporation, is also, as Alderman Harbottle phrases it, a ' regilor Geordie' " Richmond.-A meeting of the committee to arrange for a race meeting at Richmond' is convened for this evening at the Lennox' Arms Hotel, Richmond. tineen Pondh.- Tho Bishop of Tasmania is announced to pi each at the parish church ut this place to-monow morning. A Military Bicyolk.-A number ' of gentlemen interested in the adaptation of cycles to military purposes n«Bcmbled at Huuwell on the 8th' September lost to wit ness some trials an 1 expcihmnts with ia bicycle which has beon oonstruotcd by Mcsars. Wilkins and Co., cf Holborn Via- duct. The bicycle, which, ia its general outward cppcai ance, resembles a machine of tho familiar, Safety type, was put through a eei ies of the most extraordinary tests, with a result which greatly astonished and amused the onlookers. Starting from the centro of the town, a man lode the machine over half a mile or bo of road to the banks of the river Brent,1 where, dismounting, ho proceeded to blow Into a couple of small bugs attached to the handles. The Inflation occupied about u minute, and then tile rider ¡laving thrown his bicycle into the water dived after it, swain across, and landed on tile other sido. He then rodo over three or four milea of vory rough and varied country, including ploughed fields and swampy mea dows,anu having rccrosscd the river regained Hanwell by some vory rough lanes, lifting ¡lis machino over tho closed gates. Alto- gether he covered a distance of about five miles, and his time was a little more,than 41min. Subsequently a few well-known cyclists, who w ero among the visitors, tried the machine, and'maiianged to ride over the moat uneven ground, up and down shoit and sharp hills, bricks, und other obstruc- tions, iu a manner that irrcatly suipriBcd military mon and others who were present. The Pet op wib ïeeiuop.-The San Franeitxo AigorUMl Bays that Colonel William Roy, of £1 Paso, an old friend and comrado of Buffalo Bill, is in lcceipt of a frank and characteristic lcttei fiom the, great scout. Tho latter, which ia. dated Loudon, Juno 23, ia as follows :-" My dear Colonel,-It was a genuine pluifl mt mu pi ¡se to receive your letter. 1 have often thought of you, and wondered what liad boeome of you. So glad (hut you arc still on the top of tho earth. Well, ever since I got out of the mud-bole in'Ifavv OrleanB tilings have been coming' my "way piotty smooth, und I haye eaptmed tilla country fiom tho Queen down', and am doing them to the tune of i 10,000 dois, a day, /Talk' about show business-, there never was anything lilceit over known, and novcri-will » bal again, and with my European reputation, you can easily guess tho business I'will do when I get buck to my own country. ''It is pretty hard work, with two aud, three performances a day, and tho Bociety racket,' receptions, dinners', etc. No man-^-not oven Giant-was better, leceived than your humble servant. I have dinetl with every one of tho royalty, from Albeit Priiico'of Wales down. I rometimes wonder If it is the samo old Bill Cody, the bull-vvhacker.*' Well, Colonel, .1 still wear the same slzod! hat, and when I make my pilo I am coming back to visit all tho old hoya. If you meet any of them, tell them I ain't got the big head worth a cent.' I am' over hero for,duat. Will bo glad to hoar fiom any of ¿hera. Writo me ugain,-Your* old-timefriend/BiLi, Cony. ' , , The Late George Fordham.-The death was recently announced of Geoigo Fordham, tho well-known' joôkey. Dilling tho past five and twenty years thcro have boon few, men connected ,with' the English turf more gencially known or! more universally ad mi'icd than ,thi veteran jockey, George Fordham. To* the old school of sportsmen, especially, his name wiib familiar as a house- hold word, and until the ndveut of the lato F. Archer, who took tho public by storm with his exceptional Bkill and wonder- ful judgment, '' old George " had never had a rival. ' Those, indeed, who remember him in the zenith of hia fame 'will not' readily admit that in judgment of pace, ex- ceptional power of observation and desperate energy in flitting, even the1, great Archer was his surftfior . but as the two men were contemporary only when one waa somo 20 years oldeftuan the other, the question will always rcrWin a moot point. Fordham was a successful" jockey so far back as 1852, and some years ago, having made a fortune, ho retired frtm the saddle, having won nearly every,English,race of any importance (some of them several times) except the Epsom Derby. ' Unfortunate speculations im- poverished the retired jockey, who in middle age was obliged to return to the profession to which he nadalwayB been an ornament, and in 1879he,won his first and only Derby on Sir -Bevy», owned'by-Mr. L. de Roths- child, from ti horn it is| understood that Fordham has of late years received a pension of £1,000 a year, a liberal reward, which, however,,the unwavering honesty of the veteran horseman well deserved.; Fordham finally retired from his profession a few years ago, but bas since been a familiar figure on English racecourses,! The Derwent Sailing Club manouvres an- nounced for this afternoon have been post- poned, on account °' rou*h weather. Tho, Taranna makes fishing excursion to- day, and goes to Brown's River to- nioi row, weather permitting. , Tho second annual exhibition of students' work at thoTcchnical School of Art will tako place on the 1st prox. The s s. Koonya makes a fishing trip this afternoon, and a trip 'to Oyster Gove to- morrow, weather, permitting. , Valuable Imbcovîhï fun îu* iIUir.-If rout nair I j turning my or «hit«, or falling orr, uao "Tho Moxlcan Bair Renower," (or It «I» poiiiivtly relien In every cow Orey cr HViil« hale to Its orignal colour, without lMvbig tlio dlwfraeabl« «moll of meit " Ke- lton»«." It nuil»» ti» hair cujuoilugly beautiful. M w«ll as promoting the grout» of tlio bali on bald «pot», «hora th» gland tra not decayed. AA your Çberultt (or.TBl-HeztCAX. Hair'Bcwvcil ' Sold by cbemut« ud Mrfuroera everywhere *t Si. Od Mt bottle.' W>hli»U'di3()t'i'8».-'F«rrla»ioB Koa«; tonds»,*'. >i brui /<j ( ¿ ,..j no m r J >.i> AHtioKuT .limloH ,'./SI»8ll«l 