The Government Policy. The Playford Ministry have been unfortunate with their general policy, although they have succeeded in passing the Protective Tariff which was the price of their existence as a Ministry. The other two main features of their programme were—the amendment of the Taxation Act, by abolishing deductions and reducing exemptions from the Income Tax and by retaining the present land tax assessment; and the sale of certain pastoral lands for cash wherewith to meet Treasury bills to be issued on account of the deficit. It is a curious sort of Nemesis that has overtaken the Premier; he has succeeded in carrying that portion of his political programme which he did not place before his constituents at the late general elections— at the cost of that portion of his policy on which he was most pronounced, explicit, and emphatic when addressing the electors> Xhe Legislative Council has thrown out the Taxation Bill, and, moreover, the Crown Lands Bill has been so severely handled in the Assembly that it has emerged the ghost of its original self, so far as its main purpose — cash land sales — is concerned. The Upper House did not take the trouble to consider the Taxation Bill in committee, but when its second reading was moved on Thursday last, the Hon. R. C. Baker led the attack, moved that the Bill be read six months hence, and carried his point by 10 votes to 4. The result was not unexpected, for when the Council passed the Tariff, it was very clearly intimated by a number of hon. members that it was accepted as a revenue measure which would obviate the necessity of increased direct taxation. Mr Baker founded his objections to the Bill on the ground that the money wiU. not now be required, since it would only raise 0,000 extra revenue, and the Government have already secured 6,000 more from the Tariff than they expected, through the refusal of the Assembly to remit the tea, coffee, and sugar duties Furthermore, Mr Baker considers that the harvest will be so abundant that the railway revenue will exceed estimate by at least ,£50,000 ; and though he does not object to the income tax exemption being reduced to J£200 per annum, he thinks that the Assembly would not consent to accept the Bill if cut down to such diminutive dimensions, Jt is perfectly evident that, if the Government had carried out their original proposals in their entirety,they would be in no worse financial position than they are now that the Taxation Bill has been rejected and the tea and sugar duties retained; but it appears that the Treasurer has discovered new calls na t * on *l purse, that more money will be wanted, that the esti mate of surplus revenue has been reduced to ^48,000, and that half of t}j at ^ req U j re d to settle Northern Terri claims Qn South Australi a «•*»-» - -n*» —if the Taxation Bill were passed but that measure was expected to realise 20,000 extra from income tax alone, and to obviate the lossof ^35,000 on land tax by retaining the present assessment for another year. Thus the rejection of the Bill means a loss of ^55,000—to be subtracted from the expected net surplus oi ^24,000 — leaving a minus balance of ,£31,000, or in other words, an increase in the deficit to that amount; unless the Northern Territory liability be held over to a more convenient season ; and even in that case, a deficit of ^7,000 would result at the end of the current financial year. This is a most lame and impotent conclusion to the Ministerial policy of making revenue outbalance expenditure; and it is difficult to understand what steps can now be taken to put matters on a better footing ; for though notice has been given by the Chief Secretary for the reconsideration of the Taxation Bill, yet as the second reading of that measure has1>een definitely fixed to take place six months hence, it cannot be taken at all, unless a special session is held in May next—and that date would be too late to permit of the Bill, if then passed, being brought into operation this year. It is of course possible to prorogue Parliament now, call it together again immediately after the New Year holidays, and begin the Taxation Act Amendment Bill de novo, with the hope that the Council will accept it. As to the Crown Lands Bill, there has been a great fight and a considerable change of front on the part of the Ministry over the cash land sale question. The Premier declared that there were no other lands available than those specified for sale in the second schedule of the Bill. The Assembly objected most strongly to the schedule, and then the Commissioner of Lands announced that, if the authorising clauses were passed, he could bring down a new schedule at 24 hours' notice—and on this secured the postponement of the discussion. The House, however, had previously amended the clause which dealt with land sale receipts, by sweepingly pro viding that the money paid in purchase of " all lands" should be devoted to meet the public liabilities as might be hereafter provided. It was originally intended that the receipts from the cash sale of pastoral lands, only, should be devoted to a fund for meeting the Treasury Bills to be issued for the amount of the deficit j but now it is hard to say what is intended, except that no land sale receipts will be put aside to meet deficit liabilities for this year; and the Ministry have shelved the question by promising to consult the House on it again, before June 30, 1888—which promise may be taken as ioreshadowing an extra session in the early part of next year. The Commissioner of Lands did bring down the new schedule, as promised, but declared that it was useless to submit schedules for the House to reject, and abandoned it without further protest. In substitution of the specific clauses dealing with the question of pastoral land sale for deficit purposes, the Government then succeeded in carrying others, which provide that the Government may sell such lands, after laying plans, terms conditions, and upset prices, before Parliament and obtaining the express approval of both Houses thereto Thus the Ministerial land sale policy is effectively shelved for the present; and when on Thursday the Premier intro duced a Bill to authorise the issuing of Treasury bills for ^1,100,000 at 3d. per day interest on the ^100 bill, he was met by the very pertinent inquiry as to where the money to meet the bills was to come from. His reply was, " From sales of land as required"—but those sales have notyetbeen authorised. The Bill was met by very strong objection at the outset, and though the Premier secured the formal passing of its first reading, the nature of the opposition to be entered later on was shown by the Hon. J. C. Bray' counter move, proposing the borrowing of ^400,000 " for public works. Altogether the prospects of the Minis terial policy are very far indeed from rosy, and at present it looks very much if the important legislative record of the session would be confined to the Tariff, the Railway Management, Payment of Members, and District Councils Bills. WEST SIDE ENTERTAINMENT. — This afternoon a tea meeting will be held in Gooch & Scott's wool warehouse, Port Augusta West, commencing at 5.30, and will be followed by a concert, commencing two hours later. A good programme is provided ; and as a further incentive to East Siders free ferriage across tbe Gulf will be available to ticket holders. LADIES' BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.—This Society, which has been in recess for the past five weeks, resumes active operations on Thursday afternoon, tbe place of meeting being, aB heretofore, the Town Clerk's office. It haB been arranged that the Society's meetings shall for the future be held on the first Thursday in each month, and consequently this next meet- ing will be the last for the present year. WORKING MEN'S ASSOCIATION.—There have been two meetings of working men held in Port Augusta lately to consider the advisability of forming some sort of a union, and at the later meeting, held on Saturday evening last, it was resolved to form a branch of the Working Men's Association, tbe headquarters of which are at Port Adelaide. The names of 23 intending members were enrolled, and it was resolved to enter into negotiations with the Adelaide Association with a view to affiliation. IMFOUNDINGS.—Section 59, hundred Euriipa (nearest post office, Belton)—One cream-colored mare, branded like o. or c neer shoulder. It not claimed, will be sold December 1G. Morchard—One roancheBtnut filly, bind feet white, white face; one steel-grey filly ; one bay colt, star in forehead, hind feet white—all branded B68 near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold December 22. THE MUNICIPAL EJECTION.—It should be needless to remind ratepayers that Thursday next is tbe polling day for Tbird Ward, since there are four candi dates for itB representation in the Town Council, and apparently all of them mean to go to the poll. A briskly contested election is quite a cheering novelty in municipal matters, but we suppose that it is an indication of tbe approaching revival of prosperity, now that copper has gone up, wheat is raising wool is firmly maintaining its price, and the harvest prospects are so good. "THE OCTOBOON."—The repetition of this play in the Town Hall is announced for December 9 (next Friday week) and will doubtless secure a good honse. In our notice of the play, the part of " Paul," which was taken with so much da6h and go by Miss Jonas, was referred to, as per programme, as played by " Miss Dudley," on tbe assupipt^ou that the latter name had been, for the nonce, assumed as stage sobriquet. We now learn tbaf tbe cause of the discrepancy was a change ip tbe cast, and tb#t Miep Jonas took the part at three days' potiafcr-tpbipk cfrcpmstanoe makes her able rendition of j.t all tbe more creditable. WHEAT BUYING.—Considerable trouble and diBquietnde having been occasioned to fsrmerB this season, by tbe announcement that certain prominent wheat buying firms intended to make sellers provide their own wheat bags, it may be as well to announce that the proposal has been abandoned, and that the old system will I remain in force. This action, we believe, I is due to the fact that the wheat-purchas I ing firms were not mutually agreed as to I the adoption of the new system, which was j opposed by Messrs Darling & Sons and | Cave & Co. NOVEL SALE.—On Saturday night Mr Johns initiated a new departure in Port Augusta sales, by giving a sort of Dutch auction of various kinds of goods in the Exchange Auction Mart, with a couple of clowns as saleman's assistants. The grotesque attire and anticB of the clowns and thoir performances generally, drew well, tbongb naturally juveniles usurped a good deal of the standing room in the crowded mart. On Monday evening the sale and performance were repeated, and evoked uproarious applause. Mr Johns announced his intention of giving a performance in the Institute Hall later on, in aid of the Port Augusta Hospital. WABE SHABK.—Bathers and fishers are hereby warned that there is a shark about in Port Augusta waters—a shark of considerable dimensions and unusual audacity. OnThurBday afternoon, as Messrs Daebritz and Homand were fishing in a 14ft. dingey at the schnapper ground this side of Curlew Inland, a 12ft. Bhark put in an appearance and made a snatch at a small Bchnapper which the foimer was hauling in; he missed the fish end secured only the bottom book and the sinker. Apparently these choice morsels did not satisfy his hunger, for he swam slowly round tbe boat at a distance of two or three feet only, and made a careful inspection of the craft and its crew, pro bably with a view to ascertaining whether they were good to eat. The fishers great perturbation seized each an oar and administered sundry emphatic thwacks to his sharkship, who then took himself off. Fishing was re sumed, but as the next schnapper was being hauled in by Daebritz, the shark came with a rush and sprang out of tbe water. Daebritz dropped back with great celerity, the shark's jaws closed with a vicious snap on empty air and he fell back disappointed, striking tbe stern of the boat with his head as he oame down. The fishers, considering that the sport was becoming a trifle too lively, concluded to haul up their anchor and qnit, lest the shark, who evidently regarded them as poachers, should take it into his head to capsize tbe dingey and then settle up with them in tbe water. As Judge Bundey says, the rifle is a very convenient thing to have on hand in fiBbing on shark grounds. THE GLADSTONE CIRCUIT COUET.—The Chief Justice held Circuit Court at Glad stone last Friday, and sentenced three of tbe five prisoners who were up for trial Manion, the half-cracked gaol breaker who was sent to the stockade from Port Augusta, wanted to take His Honor's advice as to how be should plead. He was sentenced to six months for larceny, and 18 months for gaol breaking, terms concurrent, first three months in irons. Charles Blondin, alias Lewis, got three years for stealing watches and rings at Port Pirie, and flatly contradicted tbe Chief Justice when the latter said he bad been convicted before. John Jones swore, and got bis wife to corroborate, that he bought the watch and chain he was accused of stealing, and was acquitted. Anna Sherwin, a Petersburg prostitute, was acquitted of the charge of stealing £6 from Frank Bandish, as Bhe swore that he gave it to her, and the jury believed her. She wanted the money handed over to her again, but HiB Honor declined to make the order. Dr Crawford, lately in charge of tbe Teetulpa Hospital, tried to persuade the jury that Edith Hocking, a girl of 11, had dreamt that he criminally assaulted her. The medical evidence showed that the dream must have been remarkably realistic, and the judge sent Crawford up for seven years, with the remark that, but for the convict's state of health, sundry whippings would have been added. His Honor directed that £10 should be presented to M.C. Kelly as a reward for his promptitude in arresting Manion ; and in the Jones case ordered that a witness who had been arrested and kept in durance vile for five days on suspicion of being the thief, should be paid witness fees for every day's detention in gaol. THE CROWN LANDS BILL.—The Ministry having virtually given up the clauses of tbe Land Bill for which that measure was mainly introduced, the Assembly has passed it, but not without a good deal of fighting over details and some strenuous but unsuccessful attempts to insert new clauses of a distinctive character. The House, having adopted the clause empowering the Government to accept the surrender of pastoral leases contiguous to those expiring in 1888, the question of payment lor improvements under Biich circumstances excited considerable debate. Mr Howe led tbe opposition, but ultimately the power to pay for improvements wac granted, on condition that payment should not be made until the surrendered leases were re-let, sold, or expired by effluxion of time. Apropos of improvement values, Mr Howe stated that the improvements on the small Teetulpa run were valued at £22,000, and that £11,000 was the amount paid to the lessee. Mr Glynn's proposal, for perpetual leasee with rentals subject to periodic revision, was eventually withdrawn. Dt Cockburn succeeded in carrying a clause against the Govern ment, providing that the price at which working men's blocks could be bought by the lessee on the expiration of tbe leaBe, should be fixed when his lease waB taken. Mr Burgoyne, at the request of a large number of Northern selectors, moved that when a selector surrendered his credit . agreement for a leaBe, all purchase money he bad paid should be credited to him aB rent paid in advance, less the amonnt of rent that he would have paid had betaken a lease in the first instance. Messra Giles, Moule, and Glynn supported the new clause, which was opposed by the Commissioner of Lands, on the ground that if it were earned the selectors who had surrendered in the past would be entitled to similar concessions. The question might be left to the Land Com- mission to report upon, and be would treat each individual case of hardship on itB merits. The clause was rejected by 17 votes to 9. Mr Krichauif proposed that grazing and cultivation leases, when surrendered,should be offered for Bale at a premium of three fourths of tbe value of the improvements, tbe premium to be paid to the surrendering lessee, and that in caBe of no offer being made, tbe premium should be reduced from time to time until a sale be effected. Tbe Commissioner of Lands objected ; and Mr Burgoyne remarked that it was hopeless to expect fair treatment from tbe block majority of the Commissioner of Lands and his satellites. Mr Coles resented this, and the new clause was rejected. The Bill was then rt ported, and on Thursday its tbird reading was carried, after a protest from Mr Burgoyne against such a miserable attempt at legislation, and against the unfair advantage taken by the Ministry in forcing theBill through theHopse,apd thus precluding several peinbers who wished tp get justice done to the Northern farmers, from taking p«t io (be debate, " THE SKETCHES."—The December number of the Australasian Sketcher is rather a watery one—that is 60 far as the illustrations are concerned, the Victorian floods taking the post of honor, and New South Wales and Queensland being represented by river and marine scenes. New Zealand has the frontispiece to itself, the illustration being a photograph of the coach changing stage in the famous "Otira Gorge,"in the SouthernAlps,on the track from Canterbury to Westland. The floods in the Goulburn valley (Victoria), are depicted in a double page illustration, showing an inundated gum flat near the Shepparton saw mills—a picturesque scene with half obliterated fences showing above the waste of waters, and a nearly submerged slab hut, on the ridge-pole of which a disconsolate cat equate forlornly, still withstanding the force of the turbid current, while the floods gleam through a tangled vista of gum trees boles to an apparent infinity in the back-ground. Some smaller views, disposed around in photographic card fashion, depict ruined crops, a wrecked railway bridge, a submerged boatshed, and a farmer's homestead, with two women perched on a little island of rising ground, and wildly waving signals of distress across tbe flood when BurroundB and has has driven them from home. The Flemington racecourse, as it appeared on the morning after the Cup Day—a series of small lagoons—gets a full page illustration to itself. New South Wales is represented by some suburban scenes near Sydney, including the Bondi Aquarium and the site of " Centennial Park." Two Queensland sceneB, from photographs, are given one showing the rough process of Btream tin washing in the bed of a forest torrent, and the other a picturesque " fan palm gully." The last, but by no means the least attractive, of the illustrations, is a series of views depicting tent life in surveyor's camp, where one occupant snores heavily and the other desires to read peacefully by the light of an improvised torch, consisting of a candle stuck in the end of a cleft stick planted upright in the ground beside his Btretcher The closing tableau has often been most realistically performed, with the no -unfrequent result of active hostilities ensuing. THE VOLUNTBEBS.—The battalion drill which was to have taken place on Satur day afternoon at Port Augusta did not come off, in consequenoe of tbe email muster of men, an attendance of 60 being necessary to qualify & drill of two or more companieB aB a " battalion." The Port Augusta Company turned out only 26 strong, and the Quorn rank and file contingent consisted of one man only. There was, however, no scarcity of officers Captain De Burgh, of the Staff, and Staff Sergeant-Major Callaghan, came up from Adelaide ; Captain Drysdale, Lieutenants Walters and Stevens, and all the non corns, of the Port Augusta Company were present; Captain Heaney, of the Mounted Infantry, came from Quorn as Adjutant of the Northern Battalion district; and Captain Whololan and Lieutenant Greenham, of the Quorn Bifles, were also present. At the same time, though in another place, tbe P.A. Mounted Infantry, Lieutenant BeBley in command, were inspected and pu through an exhaustive drill by Staff Captain Learmonth, their muster strength being 28. It was expected that the Bifles and tbe Mounted Infantry would be put into tbe field together, and that there would be a lively skirmishing time ; but as the muster of Bifles was so small, and as the Mounted Infantry have yet to learn their dismounted drill, the original design was not oarried out; the " march past," for which marking flags had been provided, was abandoned ; the blank ammunition was sent back to store ; and the parade resolved itself into a company drill under the direction of Captain De Burgh, with the junior lieutenants of the Port AuguBta and Quorn Companies alternately in charge, while Sergeant Major Callaghan put the rest of the officers through sword drill, Captain Heaney going off to act under Captain Learmouth at the Mounted Infantry parade. Tbe Bifles paraded on tbe vacant allotment behind the Presbyterian Church, where for two solid hours they were kept at work by Captain De Burgh, who succeeded in effecting a decided improvement before be handed the men over to Sergeant-Major Callaghan, who with the non-commissioned officers in charge, kept on ttie duty for another half hour. The Sergeant- Major, who is an old Crimean veteran, has a dryly humorous manner of correcting mistakes which impresses the correction on the memory without hurting tbe feelings of the blunderer; and bis " method" is excellent. AB a company drill the affair was very satisfactory; there were one or two striking blunders, but on the whole, the men drilled well, and kept very fair dressing and step, considering the uneven and slippery nature of the ground—and they certainly profited by the instruction. As to the Mounted Infantry, they had even more arduous time of it than the Rifles, and enjoyed the new experience of going through their formations in two parallel divisions. They came down into the town about 5 o'clock to join tbe Rifles, but the latter had then been dismissed, and consequently they had then to do their skirmishing alone. They had a lively half hour of it among the sand bills northward of All Saints Church; and when the supply of " blank" failed, were taken back to the Extension flat and kept hard at work till sunBet, when they were marched into the town and dismissed on the reclaimed wharf frontage land, with somewords of strong approval and commendation from Captain Learmonth. Considering the very recent formation of the corps, the men drilled very well indeed ; and both ,in strength and efficiency the P.A.M.I. Company promises, and expects, to take a leading position in the branch of the Volunteer Force to which it belongs. From a spectacular point of view the effect of the parade was discounted by the men being obliged to turn out in mufti, their uniforms not being ready. However, with rifles, belts, and bayonets, bandoliers, the regulation leggings, and felt bat looped up to a kangaroo (?) head, a certain military effect was given to the ranks, and boots and breeches, wellgot up eaddlery, fancy bridles and saddle cloths, and well groomed nags, showed that nothing which the men could do to turn out in good etyle had been neglected. Tbe Brigadier-General will, we understand, inspect the Company in December. On Sunday morning a Church parade of the Rifles was held, 21 men turning out and attending the Presbyterian Church under Captain Drysdale and Lieutenants Walters and Stevens. A GREAT UNCLE INDEED.—Dr Paget- Blafee, B N., appears to be the uncle of a prolific quartet of nieces who have "doted on the military"—at leaBt, so it would seem from tbe following string of 'ads.," which appeared in a not very ancient issue of the Western Morning News, an English paper :—Brind.—August 6th, at Naini Tal, India, the wife of Lieut Colonel E. A. Brind, commanding the Connaught Rangers, niece of Dr Paget- Blake, R.N., Mount Tamar, St Budeaux, a son. Harris.— August 29lh, at Aldersbot, the wife of C. Shirley Harris, Esq., Royal Scots Greys, niece of Dr Paget-piake, R.N. Mount Tamar, ^t. Budeaux, a daughter. Ormsby-JobuBon.—August 19, at Chatham, tbe wife of Captain C. Ormsby-Johnson, R M.L.I-, niece of Dr Paget-Blake, R.N., Mount Tamar, St. Budeaux, ason. Tower. —September 17, at Dover, the \vife of Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Tpwer, Suffolk Regiment, niece of Dr Paget-Blake. R.N., Mount Tamar, St. Budeaux, a daughter. THE SCRATCH FOUBS.—Mr W. J. Pappin hae manufactured the neat silver medals won by H. Mann's crew on November 12 in the P.A. Bowing Club's scratch fours ( contest. The medals are of tbe circular, watch-pendant class, and of the same pattern as, though larger than, tbe gold medals given to the winners of the similar contest in the early part of this year. The obverse of the medal bears | a pair of crossed sculls with the initials of j the Club in each quadrant, while on the I reverse tbe name of the recepient and the | date of the contest are engraved. The President of tbe Club, Mr ThomaB Young, J.P., will present the medals in tbe Institute on Friday evening next at eight o'clock to the winning crew—J. McKellar, F. Mansom, A. Rowley, H. Mann (stroke), and I G. Harrison, cox. I TBOTTING.—Since the Mounted Infantry I held their military sports, on November 9, a considerable amount of interest has been shown, both locally and in the surrounding districts, in trotting, and races of this class are announced at the forthcoming Wilmington, Quorn, and Carrieton sports meetings. On Saturday afternoon a match, for £5 a side, was trotted in harness at Port Augusta, and excited a good deal of interest, about 100 spectators being on hand to witness the finish. The contestants were a black horse of Mr Hackendort's, a new importation, and Mr Brennan's well known Boaney, the course being from the Greenbush to the Weighbridge, and the traps two- wheelers. The result was a runaway victory for tbe black, Boaney breaking repeatedly, and trotting not at all up to form. OVERCOAT "COLDS."—The general effect is well enough while the overcoat is kept on, but tbe moment it is removed evaporarecommences, and the body is placed in a "cooler," constructed on the principle adopted when a damp cloth IB wrapped round a butter dish, the vapor passing off, abstracting the heat, and leaving the contents of the cooler refrigerated. The point to make clear is that the overcoat, I let it be fashioned and ventilated as it I t may, does not prevent the underclothing from being saturated with moisture, but actually tends to make the moisture aeon mulate therein. ThiB is proved by the sense of genial warmth felt while tbe overcoat is worn, and tbe evidences of perspiration easily perceived, under tbe arms and at the' sideB of the chest particularly, immediately after the overcoat has been removed. Moreover, we take off the coat when we enter a warm bouse, and precisely at the moment when muscular activity is suspended. A very little consideration will suffice to convinoe the commonsense thinker, that nothing can well be worse managed than this process, both as regards its nature and the time and condition of its operation. It is opposed to all the canons of health to allow the clothing to become saturated with perepiration and then to take off the external covering and suffer rapid cooling by evaporation ; while if it were designed to do this at the worst possible time, probably none worse could be found than when muscular exercise has been discontinued. Tbe suggestion t we (Lancet) have to offer, is that it would be far better policy to wear only one coat at a time, and to make whatever change may be necessary by removing a thin coat and replacing it by a thicker one when going out of doors, and the reverse when coming in. If instead of wearing overcoats, people would wear coats of different thicknesses, according to the weather and conditions generally, they would avoid the danger of cooling by evaporation; the garments saturated with moisture would be removed, and dry off the body, instead of on it. We believe no inconsiderable portion of the "colds," attacks of lumbago, and even more formidable results of what are popularly called " chills," may be traced to the practioe of wearing overcoats, which arreBt the ordinary proceBB of evaporation, cause the clothing within to j be saturated with accumulated perspira [ tion, and are then removed, when rapid cooling takes place. The avoidance of this peril is to be attained by such change of coats as the conditions require.— Lancet. I THBEE THOUSAND SMITHS.—Peapack is eaid to be the Indian name for Smithville. It is situated in a fertile valley on the I headwaters of Raritan river, and is fire miles from any railway station. Nearly a | century ago it was colonised by Zachariah, the youngest son of the original John I Smith, and his descendants have lived | there ever since. They have reached the ; sixth generation, and to-day number about 3,000 souls. Zachariah's son Peter, who | was born on Christmas Day in tbe year 1808, still occupies the old homestead, | and the remainder of the family are scattered over the hills and valleys for I twenty miles around. The Smiths the other day held their annual reunion in a I picturesque grove on " Uncle" Peter's farm, and succeeded in having a delight | ful day of it. There were fat SmithB and lean Smiths, blaoksmitbB and tinsmiths, I little Smiths and big 8miths, pretty Smiths I and ugly Smiths. They came in all kinds j of vehicles and from every direction, till the I grove was one mass of living Smiths, and I the roadway without a tangle of horses I and vehicles. Some of the family groups | on the winding, hilly, highway were picturesque in the extreme. While yet the clan were gathering, the Smith Family band arrived on the scene, Ichabod Smith acting as drum-major. They marched into the grove to the tune of " Yankee Doodle." The Smiths went wild over tho music. Huge lunch baskets were brought to light about this time from beneath the seats of the various waggons, and tables were spread beneath the trees, with cold chickens, sandwiches, cakes, pieB, and lotB of other good things, including big, luscious peaches, freBh from the neighboring orchards. The Rev. Mr Ansem Smith, of the Peapack Methodist Episcopal Church, said grace, and then all fell to eating with a vigour born of good health and appetite. The Rev. Mr George Scarlett Smith made a brief address, congratulating his hearers on the proud name they bore, and cautioning them never to spell it with a " y ' or an *' e," but to stick to plain S-m-i-t-h. The Rev. Mr Ansem Smith also made a few remarks, referring in a feeling manner to the Smiths who bad passedaway during the year, and welcoming the little Smiths who had been born into the family during the same period. Mention was made by another speaker of a branch of the family, number ing 400, which is settled in the central part of tbe State, on the weBt bank of Cayuga Lake. It was stated that they also are organised and hold a reunion in June of each year. Copies of an illustrated weekly paper were distributed in the family, the same being edited by a fat man named H. I. Smith. At sunset the Smiths started homeward on their respective ways over the hills, promising them- BelveB many happy returns of their annual feast-day.—American paper. Tbe Commissioner of Public Works means to leave the Railway Commissioners of the future to deal with the requests of tbe Engine-drivers'and Firemen's Association, wbich, if granted, will entail au extra expenditure of £20,000 a year in the Loco, department. An india- rubber-coated Wellington boot is charged with having gene in for 8pWtaue?,Q8 combustion ip a New Zealand Btpre, and the Union Insurance Company warns other colonial companies of the risks they run in insuring premises where Bucb goods are stored. 