Dingo Creek A CHRISTMAS TALE OF THE YARRA TRACK —————o————— BY ECHO. CHAPTER IV. When Jarl Hakon became conscious he was in a comfortable bed, and the kind and benevolent-looking face of an elderly man was looking down on him. " At last you have come to; you are all right now," the elderly man said. " Where am I ?" asked Jarl. "On board the Osprey, bound for Mel- bourne, Australia, of which I am Captain ;" replied the elderly man, and then continued, "You are weak yet, and must not talk yet. We found you unconscious on some floating planks yesterday. Here, take this; it will do you good; while I go and get you some- thing to eat;'' and as he spoke he gave Jarl some wine, and then hurried away. A week after Jarl was quite well, and the Osprey being shorthanded—having lost a couple of men in the late storm—he joined her, telling those on board that he had been washed off the Volhalla, and not that he was thrown overboard; for he thought and hoped never to see Aluf Alsen agalin. But such was not the will of fate. In due time the Osprey arrived at Mel- bourne, where the excitement caused by the wonderful finds of gold was at its height. Daily and hourly motley crowds of would-be diggers and fortune seekers were leaving Melbourne, and wending their way up country to the wonderful Eldorado. Every conceivable trade and profession was repre- sented in this continued, ever-moving crowd, from the Cambridge graduate to poor Hodge, who had left the plough to seek the proverbial pile, and return to his Mary Ann. Jack tar had also the fever and de- serted his ship at the beck of the golden god, and the Osprey cast anchor adjacent to several ships that were completely deserted by their crews and some by their captains. The crew of the Osprey were human, and a week after her arrival she had only her captain left; her crew had gone to seek their pile. As we are alone interested in Jarl Hakon we will follow him. He joined a party bound for Bendigo, where they succeeded in getting a rich golden claim, and in the course of a few months, they had several hundred ounces each out of it; and Jarl sold his share to advantage for he wished to return to old Norway to his wife and child, and bring them to this, in his eyes, southern Eldorado. So, with more money than he had ever, in his wildest dreams, expected to own, he took ship for England, and from thence to Norway; and it was a beautiful autumn evening when he found himself again in Laurvlg. It had been dark a good while when he turned his steps down the lane in which his cottage stood; and a light breeze was blowing the yellow autumn leaves across the little lane as he went along. He was thinking, as he walked on, how surprised and happy his wife would be to see him return after such a long absence; and how glad she would be when he told her of his wealth; and how timid and frightened little Chrissy would be until she knew him. Then he wondered whether she had grown much; whether she could talk and laugh, and prattle to him; and whether his wife would know him. And his heart kept beating quick for very joy; and his pace got swifter and swifter as he went. As he came nearer he could see the cottage. But how gay it seemed—it was bright with lights. He could not under- stand it. Surely his wife had not left there? And yet she might have. It was nearly two years since he went away; and he had never wrote. His heart beat still quicker as this thought passed through his mind, and he increased his already quick pace; but he had not gone far when he met a boy, of whom he inquired after his wife. " Does Mrs. Hakon live in yonder cottage my boy ?" he asked, pointing down the lane. "Yes, sir. But she is not Mrs. Hakon now; she was married to-day. That is why it is lighted up so much to-night; they are keeping up the wedding." " Married to- day! Who to, boy ? This cannot be, Jarl Hakon is not yet dead," said Jarl, with a quivering voice, catching the boy by the arm. "Oh, yes, sir; Jarl Hakon is dead. He died at sea years ago; and his widow has married Aluf Alsen to- day." "Aluf Alsen ! Oh, God, is this true, boy ?" he said, clutching the boy's arm tighter in his grasp as he spoke, which told the depth of his emotions. "Oh, yes, sir; it is true. They——" " Fiend! Sneak! Villan! Fool that I was not to know this," shrieked Jarl Hakon, as he ran swiftly down the lane, leaving the boy in the middle of his speech, standing in amazement at his sudden departure, rubbing his arm. " Rum card, anyhow," soliloquised the boy; "seems off his dot. But, by gosh, he squeezes hard. 'Spect I will have a black arm to-morrow," and he resumed his inter- rupted walk. After Jarl had run about a hundred yards he stopped; for the first frenzy of his passion was over, and he wished to collect his thoughts. "Fool! fool!" he kept on exclaiming. "I might have thought this. I might have foreseen the depths of his villainy. Too late now; one of us dies ere the stars set. Both of us cannot live;" and he started to walk quickly on again, muttering, as he went, "The dagger and the knife! He must fight; or he dies the death of a cur! Thanks to the goldfield custom, I still carry arms. It must come off at once;" and he entered the cottage as he spoke, and found himself in the same room that Aluf Alsen did on Jarl's wedding night, when he upset the tables. There were seven or eight persons of both sexes in the room when Jarl entered, and among them was his wife and child and Aluf Alsen. As Aluf saw him he turned pale and shook like an aspen. His wife uttered a slight scream and fell back in a faint. All the others turned pale, and sat quivering with fear, unable to move; for they all recognised the form and features of Jarl Hakon—or, as they thought, his ghost. Jarl saw their fear, and said, "Old friends and acquaintances, fear not. Fear not, I am no ghost, as you seem to think but common flesh and blood, like yourselves ; for I am he, Aluf Alsen—I am he whom you foully hurled into the black, seething waters of the Atlantic; hoping and thinking, in your murderous heart, that I should lie buried in their depths for ever. But, coward, you were wrong ; for I was saved by a passing vessel ; and now I have returned to wreak vengeance on you—not for the attempt on my life, that I have long since forgiven you, for, in my simple blindness, I thought we would never meet. But there is no for- giving this last base act of yours—for this stealing of the love of my wife, and blasting the light and hope of my life, there is naught can atone but your guilty, worthless life; and that, cowardly, sneaking villain; I give you a chance to defend. Here, take this and do your worst; for I have sworn that one or both of us must die at once." And as he spoke he threw a long dagger on the floor at Aluf's feet; and drawing a sheath-knife from his belt, he waved it above his head ; and, with his eyes glowing like fire in the lamp-light, he continued. " Rise, you cowardly villain, and defend yourself. Strike for your guilty, worthless life. What ! you cur. Will you die like a dog ? Must I murder you without you making an effort to save, yourself? Rise, murderer, and strike for your life. I will bandy no more words, but will kill you like the cur that you are." And he started forward with the knife gleaming above his shoulder. At that moment a crowd rushed through the door from the next room. As Jarl saw them he stopped, drew a revolver, and, presenting it at the crowd, shouted, "Stop, men; stop, or I fire. Let me not have innocent blood on my hands, as well as that cowardly wretch's there, whom you have not power to save. He has wronged me, and nought but his life can atone. Now, if any of you move nearer I will fire;" and the flash of his eyes told that he was in earnest, and kept the crowd spell- bound. Replacing the revolver in his belt, he turned to Aluf, who had picked up the dagger, but had not risen from his seat. As Jarl looked towards him his eyes glowed like balls of fire; and, raising the knife high above his head, he shouted, "Sneak! Cur! Villain! Murderer! Rise and defend yourself. Strike for your cowardly life or die the death of a dog, as you deserve." And he bound towards Aluf as he spoke. Aluf, seeing that he was coming in earnest, rose from his seat and sprang forward, and the two men came together in the middle of the room. For a moment they struggled, the knives gleaming like silver streaks in the lamp- light to left and right. Then they gleamed above their heads for an instant ; and in that instant a woman dashed between the two men. But she was too late ; for the warm blood gushed over her white dress, and Aluf Alsen relaxed his hold of the now useless dagger and fell back on the floor with a deep wound in his breast; and Chris- tina (for it was her who dashed between them), when she saw the fresh blood, uttered a loud shriek, and fell across the prostrate form in a deep swoon. Jarl Hakon, who still held the bloody knife in his hand, spurning the body with his foot, muttered, " bah !"—threw the reeking knife on tile floor rushed to his child, clasped her under his left arm, drew the revolver with his right hand, and moved backwards towards the door. When he got to the door he stopped; and, looking at the paralysed guests, said. "Countrymen and acquaintances, you see before you Jarl Hakon—once well known amongst you; happy and light of heart; and free from all trouble or care; and guilt- less of aught that could offend the majesty of the law. But now you see him guilty of its greatest crime—murder; with the brand of Cain on his brow, an outcast and an out- law; with his hand raised against every man, and every man's hand against him. You have seen me do the deed that has made me an outcast. You have seen me slay that villain there, whose carrion car- case stains the floor; but you have not felt the pangs that I have felt; which drove me to that deed. If you had you could feel a little pity for me. When you think of Jarl Hakon's case, try to imagine yourselves in his position. Fancy yourself, in the blackness of midnight, hurled into a wild, roaring ocean by a shipmate. Think of the dreadful sufferings—floating there for days—from thirst, cold, and hunger; and then, lastly, return home after a long absence, caused through that villain. Think of the happiness and joy you expect at seeing your wife and child and happy home, only to find that hope also blighted by the viper who had tried to murder. Put yourselves in my place, thus, and see whether you would forgive him; or that aught but his life could atone. If any of you could, countrymen, I could not. Now, countrymen, I am going to flee from the law; and I am going to take with me this child; and if it so chances that I can escape and hide myself away in a remote part of the globe, she may make me think, with pity and regret, of her, now to me dead, mother; and be my small beam of sunshine in my gloomy, shrouded life. Now, countrymen, I have briefly told you my wrong; and appeal to you to let me depart without being molested. Let me have a start of the minions of the law. Watch me not away. Take not upon your- selves their duty." Here Jarl ceased; and an old man, wiping the perspiration off his brow, said, "Jarl Hakon, you have stated your case, and asked us to let you have a chance to escape from the law. We saw you slay Aluf Alsen; and, though you gave him chance to defend himself, yet you did slay him; and the law demands your life for the forfeit. We have no power to stay the law; it will soon be upon your track. Go; we will not attempt to enforce it; yet, in one hour this will be known in the town; and you know the rest. Go; and may God forgive you." As the old man ceased, Jarl, bowing, said, "Thank you, countrymen; thank you for your short respite; and farewell—I trust, for ever in this world." And while he was speaking, he moved from the door away into the darkness; not up the lane, but across fields and meadows; following, at times, small by-paths that shunned the beaten highway.. As he went on the dry autumn leaves crackled under his feet; and the bright stars twinkled above him in the clear sky, showing him the small, winding path that he was following, at a brisk walk, with his wee baby girl folded tightly in his arms. All through the night he travelled ; over meadows and hills; across open fields and through woods; over streamlets and styles. On, on he went; fleeing from those he knew must be following him. Sometimes he listens for a moment, but he could hear nothing but the moaning wind. Once he appeased his thirst at a streamlet; to do this he laid his sleeping child on the ground. As he lifted her up he kissed her wee lips, but trembled as he did so. It was the kiss he had taken from his wife that morning he bade her good-bye, and left her to join the Vollhalla. Since then he had not kissed human being. Conflicting thoughts and deep regrets crowded his mind after he had kissed his child ; but he moved the swifter, and by daylight he had left Laurvig far behind him—never to see it again. (To be continued). 