FURTHER PREMONITORY WAR SYMPTOMS Notwithstanding the professed belief of the Emperor of Germany, as given in the latest telegrams, that, owing to the support accorded to the Government in the elections, peace will be assured, we take the liberty of saying that the irrepressible jubilation of the French Press over the unanimity of the Alsatian electors in favour of reannexation to France constrains us to come to a diametrically opposite conclusion. When the Government of France feels it incumbent upon it to exercise special efforts to restrain that jubilation, then we are justified in saying that the bellicose propensities of that mercurial people must have risen to the danger point. In another part of our paper will be found a carefully considered digest of our opinions concerning the political state of the European Continent, entitled " Impending War Clouds." In it are embodied the strikingly coincident reflections of some of the shrewdest writers of modern times ; and we can hardly refrain from calling attention to the remarkable corroborative testi mony in support of those conclusions afforded by the progress of events narrated in the telegrams referred to. And while such disquieting intelligence is to hand, and no man can say how soon or by what manner of means our dear mother country may be involved in warlike embroilments, it is some little comfort to know that the Right Hon. J. G. Goschcn, Chancellor of the Exchequer, has stated, at a banquet tendered him at the St. George's Club, London, that the Government are determined to maintain the honour of Great Britain abroad and to ensure order at home. The telegram which notified that fact also mentioned that the Agents- General and several colonial visitors were present, and that Mr. Goschen stated that he was reminded by their attendance of the necessity of showing the colonies that English parties could be united in the presence of national difficulties and dangers. It is, however, very satisfactory to know that the chances of the mother country becoming involved in continental feuds and political complications are somewhat remote. So far as we can judge, there is not the ghost of a plea for our interference in these internecine squabbles ; and not indeed until the aggressive Bear of the North again shows a pronounced predilection for the lands of our allies and neighbours can we feel justified in assuming a pugnacious attitude. For ourselves, we may aver that we entertain no immediate apprehensions of being attack ed by any foreign squadron. This is fortunate for us, for we would otherwise be much disquieted at the great falling off in the numerical strength of our volunteer corps. We note, too, that the Militia Regulations just published are glaringly unsuitable for the needs of this Colony, and will undoubtedly have to undergo severe revision. Astonishment, blended with a considerable sense of the ludricrous, must have been felt by our neighbours of New South Wales at their sudden accession of huge stores of warlike munitions, though we are rather pleased than otherwise that such ample stocks have been provided. The news that such a shipment was on the water quite took the New South Welshmen by surprise, as none of the ordinary records of the Government departments showed that it had been order ed, and Sir P. Jennings was in complete ignorance of the matter. It has now been ascertained that the material had been ordered during the last Russian war scare by Mr. Dalley, and, so far as is known, without the authority of the Cabinet. That Mr. Dalley may be able to satisfactorily explain the matter is peculiarly his affair. He has on a former occasion entailed on that colony a large expenditure over a fussy and seemingly needless display of patriotism, and we have not the slightest desire to become his apologists. 