ELSTERNWICK PARK RACES. Easter Meeting. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday I Considering the number and variety of | attractions provided for to-day, and the absence of a large proportion of sporting inen in Sydney, the attendance at Elstern wiclc was eminently satisfactory to the promoters. The racing was on the whole very fair, and the horses generally were quite up to second class form. The fol lowing aro the results :— Maiden Trot—Of COsovs, second 10 sovs. Harness only. Two miles. E. M. Uoud's blk or br g Charcoal (owner) ... 1 W. E. Oldficld'a br g Monitor (A. Mnl hollnnd) ... 2 T. G. WeddelPs ch h Walter Scott (J. Quinn) ... 3 Town Time and Maukatton also started. Bitting—7 to 4 Monitor, 2 to 1 Walter Scott, 3 to 1 Charcoal. This was a very hollow affair, Charcoal leading from the start and winning by about 40 yards. Time, Cmin. 7Jsec. Hurdle Race—Of 60 sovs; second 10 eovs. One mile five furlongs. M. P. Whitty'a b m Moolgai (A. Fergu son ... 1 D. Fountain na ch g Spartan (F. Barr) 2 J. Williams' b h Plaudit (T. Gardiner) ... 3 I Ava, Trooper, and Yellow Hammer also started. Betting— 6 to 4 Plaudit, 34 to 1 Moolgai, 4 to 1 Ava, 5 to 1 Spartan. This was a trial of speed between Moolgai and Spartan, the former winning by a length. Plaudit was three lengths behinds Spartan, Timo, 3 min. 12Jsecs. Easter Handicap—Of 75 sovs ; lOaovs to j eicoud horse. J. Whittiugham's br m Honora (Rich mond) ... 1 S. Miller's br c Munwyrfina (Tuomey) J. Crozier's b g Cbilde Harold (Sim mons) ... 3 I Louie II., Hot Iron, and Seaweed also j started. Betting—5 to 4 Honora, 3 to 1 Louis II, 4 to 1 Munwyrtina, 5 to 1 Hot Iron. Mnnwyrtina got away at the start, but ] was soon after collared and passed by Honora, who maintained the lead to tbe end j of a splendid race, leading Mr Miller's colt by a clear length. Cbilde Harold was a bad third, and tho other homes were never in it from start to finish. Time—lm. 5}secs. Steeplechase—Handicap of SO eovs, second I 10 sovs. One mile and three-quarters, J. Gardiner's b g Miafortnne (owner) ... R. Gray ns br g Tandsticker(H. Ander son) ... 2 I T. Watson's b g Banker (A. Ferguson) ... 3 j Alteration also started. Betting—6 to 4 Tandsticker, 2 to 1 Banker, 5 to 2 Misfortune. The favorite got away at the start, and kept the lead the first time round, with the other three well together. At the fence ronnd the turn past the grand stand Alteration, who was running well, pat himself oat of the race by coming down heavily, though without any injury to him self or to his rider. Tandsticker led nntil entering the straight, when he waB passed by Misfortune, who won by about two lengths. Banker was a wretched third. Time — 3min. 54;ec. Selling Race—Of 75 bovs. Five furlongs | and a half. S. Horsfall's be St. Michael (R. Howie) 1 .T. G. Reid's b g Bar One (D. Williams)... 2 I T. Jones'ch m Delamia (Blair) ... 3| First Pop and Satire also started. Betting—6 to 4 St. Michael, 7 to Delamia. St. Michael went away with the start, and J was never collared. Bar One came in a | length behind, second, and the jodge de clared Delamia to be third. Time—lmin. 13$seo. The winner was knocked down to | Mr fJeorge Small for £155. Elsternwick Park Handicap—Of 75 bovb. Second, 10 sovs. One milo one farlong j and a half. T. Jellott'e b o Bosmond (Cracknel!) ... 1 W. S. Hickinbotbam ns br m Honey Beo (Ramage) ... 2 j J, Crozier's b g Cbilde Harold (Sammers) 3 Vasoo, All Black, The Ghost, Fair Saxon, Mustang, Cat's Eye, and Yellow' Hammer | also started. Betting—3 to 1 Bosmond, 2 to 1 Cbilde Harold, 4 to 1 Fair Saxon and The Ghost, 6 to 1 Oat s Eye. The favorito had it all his own way from I tho start, and came in a very easy winner by about a length from Honey Bee, with Cbilde Harold third, two lengths behind. ' Timo, 2m. 8}sec. 