SK>&XING; NOTES Accompanied by tho Secretary to the Mount Gambler Racing Club I paid a visit to tho course on Monday afternoon to see the improvements whioh have just been com pleted there, The stand and fenoing have been re.paiuted, aud the whole thiug refur bished so as to resemble a masher just emerged from his dressing room. Tho work reflects oredit on the contractor, Mr, F, Wheeler, The Allandale folks intend holding their " jubilee" on the Queen's Birthday It will take iho form of a race mt-etiug, a very good programme for whioh has been arranged, A Bracelet Stake will form one of the attrao« tions, particulars of whioh will be found in another column, The weights for tbe AUandale handicaps Appear in auother column. The Horsham Times mentions that a foot* race has been arranged between W. Clarke, the oharopion of Australia, and S, Hughes, of Dimboola, The match, which is to be run at Horsham in a month's time, is for £60 a-side, and Hughes will reooive a concession of 10 yards in ISO. The Portland raoe meeting was favored by flue weather, but the attendance was not large, neither was the sport of a particularly oxoiung oharaoter, Thu Pencil led off by uunexiug the Nelson Plate, wbioh he won easily by a couple of lengths, Magdala was aeoond and Woolongong third. Four started for the Hurdlerace, Stookman being the favorite, The race lay between Countess and Beadsman, who ran togother nearly all tbe way, when Beadsman drew oat and won a good raoe by a length, Countess was second and Miss Ella third. Five was the main in the Portland Handicap, The Peucil enjoyed the position of favorite j he had little to do with the result, however, until towards the termination of the raoe, when he oamo through and beat Leroy by a length, Archduke getting third, Little Footsteps and. Rhoda were the other starters, Ex obange had an easy win in the Selling Race, and Shamrock carried off the Hurry Sourry, On the second day BeadBtnau, despite his 71b, penalty, beat Countess as easily as on the tfrBt, and Miss Ella was again third, The Penoil also oarried his 71bs, to victory in the Bay Handicap, Midnight getting second and Arohduke third. The Soiling Hurdles went to St. George, My Lord and Cleolite tilling the plaoes, Arohduke oarried off the Ladies' Bracelet, Leroy running socond and Eiohango third, Only Midnight and Mag dala started for the Forced Handioap, wbioh the former won very easily. The Penoil, who performed so successfully at the Portland meeting, is the horse that once occupied a box in Mr. W. E. Dakin's stable at Flemington, He was repeatedly baoked to win a good stake, but as often failed to justify the confidence of hia sup porters, Although a beautifully bred horae, being by King of the Ring from Maid-of-All Work, he was afflioted with tender under standings, and doubtless this infirmity ac counted for his indifferent displays on the Flemington sward. Tho sandy ground at -Portland suited him, and as he was very leniently treated in both handioaps he had little trouble in annexing the double, The Penoil oame into his present owner'a posses sion for a meie song. Beadsman appears to be returning to hia best form, for after winning the Selling tiurdlerace at Warrnambool he journeyed to Portland, whore he placed both events over the little sticks to the oredit of his owner, Mr. Thou, Cawker was a bit unluoky at Portland, three thirds and one win only being placed to the credit of his Btable, Better luck next time, Sir Thomas I On last Saturday the May meeting of the Viotoria Auiatuer Turf Club was held on the CJauIfield couma} when, in consequence of the uupropitioua weather, the attendance was smaller than usual. The programme opened with a Trial Handicap, a opurt of six furlongs, for 100 sovs,, which was won by Houora, with Dufferin second, and Vaa oosa third, no less than seventeen others starting. The Handioap Hurdle Race, of 160 sovs,, one mile and three quarters, brought out a Held of thirteen and fell to Whalebone, with Roy and Huntsman second and third respectively. Five horses weighed out for the gelling Race of 100 sovs., whioh was appropriated by tbe favourite, Stafford, followed by Sucoess and The Ghost, in the order named, A Handioap Steepleohase, of 200 sovs,, followed, the distance being above two miles, A field of twelve oame to the starting post, and an interesting raoe resul ted in a viotory for iloyal O^k, JAubv beiqg second, and Promotion third. For tne Glen huntly Handicap, of 200 sovs,, there were eighteen starters, of whom Menotti proved the fleetest. Meteor and Ringmaster secur ing, respectively, aeoond an* third places. The programme ended with a Two-year-old Handioap, of 100 sovs., five and a-half furlongs, whioh was won by Diok Swiveller, alter a tine contest with Albert Loddon, Rosewood being third, Tbe jockey Tomlin was disqualified for three mouths for failing to keep nis agreement to ride Damooles in the Trial Handicap. Robert Batty, the well-known steeple ohase rider, has met with a painful aooident. While opening a bottle or lemonade the bottle burst, and Batty reoeived suoh a severe iujury to the right eye that he will probably lose the sight of it. RUSTIOUS, 