THE OTHER FIVE COMMONLY CALLED SACRAMENTS. Of the seven which Rome calls Sacra ments, Protestants acknowledge but two : and of the other five they say, some are \- good things but not sacraments, and some are bad, and mere inventions. In considering the question of the sacraments of the Church of Rome, and the proof of those Bacrameuts, we must keep in mind what the priests of the Church of Rome mean by a sacrament. They hold, first, that a sacrament must . have been instituted by Christ himself. This is evident from their pronouncing a curse upon any one who denies that any of their seven sacraments was instituted . by Christ himself. — Council of Trent, Sees, vii., Cau. 1. Secondly, they hold that two things are essential to the existence of a sacrament —namely, the form and the matter of the sacrament — " The matter and the form, in which the essence of a sacrament is perfected." — Council of Trent, Sess. xiv., Cap. 2. Now, if a sacrament, cannot exist without form and matter, it is clear that a sacrament cannot be instituted until the form and matter are instituted. Take the sacrament of Baptism, for example. The form consists of the words — " I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The matter is water, with which the person is baptised. Why do we say that Christ instituted this sacra ment? Is it not because St. Matthew tells us that Christ appointed his Apostles to baptize with water, using these words ? But if it did not appear that Christ ever directed these words to be used, or water to be so applied ; and if it further appeared that neither these words nor water had been used in the Church for a thousand years after, could any one say that Baptism had been instituted by Christ ? Would not every one say, that if the essence of the sacraments consisted in these words and this matter, that the sacrament itself could not have been in stituted until this form and matter were introduced and commanded ? We, therefore, think it a self-evident maxim, that a sacrament can be instituted only by instituting and commanding the form and the matter. If this be so, the question, whether Christ instituted any sacrament, is simply a question whether Christ instituted the form and matter of the sacrament. Now, take the " Sacrament of Penance." What is its form ? The Council of Trent answers — " The form of the Sacrament of Penance, in which chiefly its force is situ ated, is placed in those words of the min ister , J2go te ahsolvo," &c.;(that is, I absolve thee) ; : and this is held of such importance that the great Doctor, Thomas Aquinas, says, — " It would not be sufficient to say —Almighty God have mercy on thee, or, God grant unto thee absolution and for giveness, because by these words the priest' does not signify that the absolution ; is done, but seeks that it may be done." —Thorn., part 3, quiest. 84, art. 3, ad. 1. Now, the question is, did our Saviour, appoint his Apostles to use the words — "I absolve thee " — as the form of a sacra ment ? If he did not, he did not institute the Sacrament of Penance as now held in the Church of Rome, because that Sacra- : ment consists chiefly in the use of those wordB. Now, this form of words is not there directed by our Saviour to be used ; and we are certain that this form of words was notUBedformorethanathousand years after Christ. No ancient liturgy contains the form — " I absolve thee." All ancient liturgies contain the form, " God absolve thee," or ' God forgive thee," which words, it is acknowledged in the Church of Rome, do not constitute a sacrament. Here we conclude, that the modern Sacrament of Penance wa3 not instituted by Christ in the above words, and that it never existed, or could exist, until the form, "I absolve thee," was introduced more than a thousand years after Christ. The same may be said about the matter of this sacrament. The Council of Trent declares that " satisfaction " is part of the matter of the Sacrament of Penance. The Catechism of the Council of Trent, explaining this " satisfaction," says — " Satisfaction is the full payment of a debt ; for when satisfaction is made, nothing remains to be supplied Hence, theologians make use of the word satisfaction to signify the compensation made by man to God, by doing something in atonement for the sins which he has committed." Now, did Christ, in the words in question (John xx. 22, 23), appoint our own satisfaction for our own sins, or the atonement which men make for their own sins, to be the matter " jf a sacrament? There is not one word said there about any such " satisfaction ;" and, on the contrary, we are taught, in many places, that Christ came to make atonement and satisfaction for our sins, because it was not possible for man to satisfy for sin himself. Here we conclude again, that if Christ did not institute the "matter" of this sacrament as now held in the Church o Rome, he did not institute the sacrament itself, because a sacrament, according to the Church of Rome, can only consist in the " form " and " matter" of the sacra ment. It may be plainer to some persons to state the thing thus — " Is there one word in the passage under consideration (John xx. 22, 23) about penance at all ? How, then, can these words be an institution of the Sacrament of Penance ?" The passage in 2 Cor. ii. 10, plainly relates to excommunication, and restoring again to the communion of the faithful, which no one takes to be a sacrament. Matrimony. If any one will examine the passage commonly quote (Matthew xix. 6),forthis,hewillfindthatourSaviour was simply explaining the nature of God's institution of marriage at the creation of man, and restoring that institution to what God at first had made it. Will any one say Jfchat marriage, as it existed between Adam and Eve, was a sacrament of the Gospel ? And if our Saviour only restored it to that same state in which it was at first instituted, how did that make it a sacrament ? Can any one tell us what are the " form " and " matter " of matrimony, as a sacrament in the Church of Rome ? The Council of Trent did not venture to say anything of this. They say a sacra ment consists in "form and matter;" but what can be the " form and matter " , in matrimony they could not tell. How, then, could they know it to be a sacra ment ? There are some curious things about this sacrament. Up to the Council of Trent, 1563, it was not necessary in the Church of Rome that marriage should be celebrated by a priest — any two per sons making an agreement together be tween themselves to be man and wife, constituted a valid marriage. W as matri- , mony then a sacrament ? It seems strange that any two persons could make a sacra ment without a priest; but if it was not a sacrament then, how old is the sacra ment now ? If sacraments " confer grace," as the Church of Rome says they do, it seems strange that it should be a holier state to be without one of the sacraments of the Gospel, than to have it. They also refer to the Epistle of the Ephesians, chap, v., verses 23, 24, 25, 32. The whole force of this argument depends on the word "sacrament," in verse 32. The Greek word here is " mystery." It seems to us wholly arbitrary to put in the word sacrament here, and evidently it is done to serve a purpose. This seems to us very important, because we believe this is the only place in the present Douay Bible in which the word "sacra ment " occurs. St. Paul cannot mean to say that verse 31 is " a great sacrament," as the Douay Bible Beems to say ; because verse 31 is only the wordB of the original institution of marriage between Adam and Eve, which the Church of Rome her self confesses was not a sacrament at all. And St. Paul expressly says, in verse 32, that he speaks "concerning Christ and the Church." It is certainly of the union of Christ and his Church that St. Paul says " it is a great mystery," and not of the marriage of a man and his wife. Confirmation. Matt. xix. 13-15, is applied by Roman Catholics to prove tnat the sacrament of confirmation, as now held by the Church of Rome, was instituted by Christ. Those words are — " Then were little children presented to him, that he should impose hands on them and pray, and the disciples rebuked them. But Jesus said, Suffer little child ren, and forbid them not to come to me, for the kingdom of heaven is " for such. And when he imposed hands on them, he departed from them." What, then, is the "form and matter " of the Bacrament of confirmation, as now held in the Church of Rome ? And do these passages of Scripture prove that Christ instituted that form and matter ? What, then, is the " matter " of the modern Roman sacrament of confirmation? The Catechism of the Council of Trent answers, " The matter of confirmation, chrism " (that is, a kind of ointment, made of olive oil and balsam). Without this "matter" the Roman sacrament cannot exist at all. Now, is there any proof, in the passage above referred to, that Christ or his apostles ever used chrism? Clearly not; and, therefore, there is no proof that Christ or his apos tles ever made the. sacrament at all. Protestants believe that the laying on of bands is an apostolic institution ; but the Church of Rome says that it is no sacra ment without the use of chrism. Is not the question about the sacrament of con firmation a question whether Christ appointed chrism ? and where is the proof that he did ? This " form " of the sacrament of con firmation is stated, by the same Catechism of the Council of Trent, to consist in these words — " I sign thee with the sign of the cross, and I confiin thee with the chrism of salvation." But as Christ never used this form or alluded to it He could not have instituted it as a sacrament. Holy Orders is another Romish sacrament. But as there is no form, and certainly no matter, however desirable orders may be for a minister, it cannot be a sacrament. Extreme unction is a mere invention. The Lord never even hinted' at it, and not being instituted by Him, even it were good, it could not be a sacrament. It will be always well to keep in mind and apply to all pretended sacraments, Were they instituted by Christ Himself ? Did He prescribe their form? Did he prescribe their matter ? It is the Council of Trent itself which furnishes these tests, and out of her own mouth we judge the inventive church. 