LOCAL AND GKKKKAL. M b G ill at Longlet.—Last evening M r H. H . Gill met with a most thusiastic reception at Longley. Owing to unaccountable delay in posting tbe district, the bills baring only been put up during tlie day, tbe hoik o f,th e residents were prevented from attending The audience, bowevci numbered about 40. and they were stronj in tbeir condemnation of tbe conduct o their late member. Mr Lucas’ neglect of the district was freely commented on, aud a unanimous opinion was expressed that a change in the representation of Kingborough was an urgent necessity. N ew T own Charitable I nstitution.—During last month 61 males and 11 females were admitted to the institution, £3 males and 24 females were charged, aud nine males died. Tbe strength on March 1 was 411 males and 167 females. E ducational.—Tbe report of the aminers on tbe recent examinations of pnpii teachers is inclosed in the Gazette to-day. An abstract of the report, it wilt he remembered, has already appeared in out columns. P ublicans’ L icences.—The following transfers have been allowed-.— Elizabeth J . Makepeace to Charles Henry Henry, Pier Hotel, Swansea; and John Chalmers to Cunningham H. Boyd, St. M ary’s Hotel, St. M ary’s. R ainfall.— During last month rain fell on 14 days in Hobart, aud on seven in Launceston, and the quantity registered w as'78 and 2 08. Assessment Roll.—The assessment roll for the Clarence Rural Municipi lity for 1887 is published in the Gazette to-<iay. S upreme Covet, L aunceston.—The Sopreme Court, Launceston, will sit its civil jurisdiction on Tuesday, March 29tb, ana in its criminal on Thursday, M arch 31st. Sanitary R egulations. — In the Gazette to-day will be found the Hobart Local Board of Health bye-laws as a] proved by the Central Board of Health, G ordon Couht of Requests. The time for holding tbe next Court of quests in GorJon has been extended from the second to tbe fourth Thursday of this t nth. G eneral H ospital. — In the General Hospital last mouth, 60 male and 29 female patieuls were discharged, and six male and six female patient* died. The number remaining on March 1 was 59 males aud 32 females. The number of new out-patients was 117, of casualties 40, and the total attendances were 484. B ane H oliday —Thursday, M arch! has oeen appointed a bank holiday i Latrobe, Formby, aud Sheffield. M ilitabv.—M r W. D. Hull has been appointed a lieutenant in the Rifle Regiment. P upil Teachers’ Music and D rawg E xamination.—In the pupil teachers’ examination report for this year are embodied the results of tli examinations iu music and drawing. In connection with the former, tbe examiner, M rH . Maynard, remarks:—“ That ^ c a n ­ didates were entered, one of whom retired. The results, he says, as shown in tbe elementary work, indicate a highly satisfactory acquisition of knowledge in this branch of the subject. On reference thereto it will be seen that all candi­ dates were required to take up the teaching, suggests that a large percentage of tbe candidates are fairly qualified to impart instruction in the rudimentary theory of music to junior classes. The advanced work is by no means so satisfactory. Here I find evidence of an almost total ignorance of the merest elements of harmony. To questions 3, 6, pod § no correct answers were given, and to qyeBtion 8, two correct answers only. I regret tG state that the examination in sighl-sing:ng shows but very few candidates competent jto impart a lesson in this moBt important branch This fact I attribute simply to want pf regular and *5 stematic instruction and practice; certainly not to either want of ability or evep talent. In conclusion, I would suggest that all pupil teachers (possessing ear and voice) undergo a strict course of eflteieat and systematic instruction in eight-tinging, WWt excellent results may be looked for Pke early falure." M r J . Rule speaks of. the results of the examination in drawing ia the following term s:— "Twenty-one pupils were present at the examination, which was held at Hobart on the 6th instant, and comprised questions on elementary forms, exercises in free-hand drawing from tbe flat and from models, practical geometry and perspective. I regret having to report w at the general standard of profioiency is unsatisfactory. Several of the seniors showed ignorance as to names in common use, one explaining that a cone is-a threesided £gnre, and another that a cube has a round base. TJw best results are in free-hand drawing from the flat, several showing a considerable amount of taste aud skill, Very few showed mogo passable skill in model drawing, tbe work of the majorUf*d>eing fe#We.. No’ie reached a ytaiaole'ifyLndaafd ip geometry, and none attempted the exercise in practical perspective.” t icencss G ranted.—The following licences have been granted -.—Hawkers— M. B)an, Deloraine; D. Suhr, and A. Jack, Hobart; W. T. Just, Longford; G. Allsopp, H obart; Ah Tin Gin, Launceston ; G. W . Lloyd, Franklin ; W . T. Gilbert, A. Abey, Aladdin, and Fnlbnsb, Launceston. Carriers—-M. Cross, Ringarooma; W. Payne, P o rtland; T. Faulkner, Selby; D. French, George Town; W . H . W est, and J . Campbell, Selby; H. A, Scott, George Tow n; K. Midson, and T. J . Rollins, Kingborough ; R. W. W yett, George Town ; J Mapley, New Norfolk ; F. A. Holmes, Hobart ; C. Smith, Green P onds; F. Ayton, W estbury; C. O, O'Connor, Oatlands; J . Coombe, Campbell Town; R. C. Fairlam, Fort Sorell; Bowden and H'Gowan Bothwell; W . H&nney;, Evandale; S. H BurrowB, "^ew Tow n; T. A. Burrill, Oatlands ; W . C. Alcork, G- and A. Ellis, Port Sorell; A. Thow, Longford. Bitten by a S nakx.—Every sporting man knows that M r George (Jgilvie, of Liverpool street, is an ardent dog fancier and trainer, and they will be sorry to learn that he suffered a severe lose Saturday last. M r Ogilvie, in company with hit sou, who has all the proclivities of his father with respect to dogs, took tbeir,denarture for the the old racecourse on the New Town road, on Saturday, with a pair of fine pointer pups, which both gentlemen were licking into shape, with the assistance of old trained dog During the pro?i one of the dogs was beard to ye and investigation proved that it had be bitten by a snake whiqh was seen crawling away in the distance, and was promptly despatched. The poison, however, had done its work, and the do£ died about two hours thereafter, m trust this will prove a caution to people visiting this part of New Town, as it it stated this is not the first reptile tlial has been seen about this particular spot. T hb Suit in thb bToHU. • Cheap drapery is no douot very excellent whon it's good, but cheap drapery when it’e not good, is like doubtful tinned fish, better left alone than touched. When Newton, the American Auctioneer, was in Hobart, be astonished local tradesmen by offering whole suite of clothes for the comparatively trifling amount of five h&lf-rrowns.; Intoxicated with excitement, a number of individuals, whose riches exceed their common-sense, investetBKn the articles; b ut whether they all wore them, and if they did, what is tbeir present condition, it is not our purpose to enquire. One enthusiastic admirer of the auctioneer, however, who lives within, the sound of Trinity bells, became captivated beyond the bounds of reason by the glib tongue, and the needy though aitchless wit of tbe American, and ' evil moment be invested in a twelve-andsixpenny. H e carried it lovingly home, displayed it to his admiring family, tried it on and found that it suited him almost to perfection. “Got a new suit toi Regatta Day,” he told an acquaintance, “ a regular beauty.” “And the cost P” asked the companion. “ Twelve-andsix,” was the response. Laughter, like the screeching of a dozen steam whistles let loose, greeted this response. MOh, you may laugh,” replied the man with the suit, "but the fact is you can’t beat it. Fits like a glove. “All right,1 6aid his companion, "only mind you don’t wear it on a wet day.” The advice struck the owner of the fivehalf-crowner as being worthy of attention, and regatta day giving signs of doubtful weather, the new suit make its appearance. But no one expected yesterday morning that the be&vy; storm which was experienced in tbe evening would take place, and the man with the twelve and sixpetmj, determined to make a display at last, arrayed himstlf in his new robes and sallied forth, looking the very counterfeit presentment of a Government office clerk on an eighty- pound-a-year salary, But business a t Dight detained him, and when the Btorm broke over tbe city, and the heavy rain began to fall he had no overcoat, no umbrella,"no shelter of any kind. The raiu pitilessly penetrated through the suit; each portion of the material began to shrink, aud when the benighted traveller reached his home he was about as melancholy and as distressing a spectacle as you could witness. The coat had objected to its proper dimensions, and had shrunk to about three • quarters of its ordinary size, the sleeves were malting frantic efforts to pul themselves on terms of equality with the elbows, and the pantaloons w<?ra just about the proportion of a rig out for a Knight of the Garter. Visions of ghosts and gloomy spectres flashed across the miod of the better half as she saw the door open, and it sometime before she could recognise that lie was realty the partner of her joys and sorrows. “ No more tweLe-and-sixpenny suits for me” he says t>-day. ” And how's the suit now “ enquired reporter, "L ike a coil of rope, h e n plied, and brushing away a tear from his left eye, he walked disconsolately away. Cantata.—W e remind onr readers that the new and favorite Cantata ” Under the Palms,” will be rendered by a large union in the MechaimV Hall to-night, the proceeds being devoted Sunday school funds. The admission Is, and the entertainment commences punctually a t8 o’clock Kvanoeucal. — Messrs Hateer and Parker, who are making a tour of the world, and who are very popular in every town they visit, purpose bolding some some special services in this city. They commence this evening at tbe T&boroacle; iu Blizabeth-atreet. Mr- Parker is, believe, a very sweet stager, while Mr. Mateer, who is the preacher, has the power of holdi ig the attention of an audience, and is said to bo well worth hearing. Salvation “ A bmv.”— A novelty in the shape of an Indian service was given last night in tbe Town rial] by “ Captain” Musa Bhai, assisted by "dergeaot” Seya and “ Corporal ” Ecrlhu'a, as well as “ Major " Graham and “ Staff- officer ” Hindy. The soldiers were arrayed on the platform, and the ball was prrtty well filled with adherents of the army and curiosity hooters. The ” Captain r> aforesaid—our quill refuses to write the other portion of the name more thin once —gave an address, in which he referred to the work which the organisation had done among the native tribes in India. Evolutions of the usual order were gone through, and the proceedings terminated after 10 o’clock. G eneral G ordon.—This evening, in t . Andrew’s Church, a t half.past 7 o’clock, the Rev. J . W . Ingtia will deliver his oeiebr&ted; lecture on “ General Gordon ” There will no doubt be a very large pttendanoe of the public, for M r Iaglia' fame as a lecturer is great and wirtespre«d- Those who have not yet had the privilege of h issin g to hie eloquence should take advantage of the preaont opportunity The life of the g ritant Gordon is full of stirring and exciting incidents which, as handled by M r M r Ingiis, pannot fail to entertain- Admission, as stated pur advertisement, will be free, but at the olosu of the lecture a collection will be made in gid of repairs to tbe Sunday School buildings, The proceedings of the evening will be varied by selections of music. Another Sodden D eath. ~M > Then. Evans, a resident of Russell's gardens, Upper M am y street, reported at the Police Station this morning that abdu* 6.30a,m.to-day his stfpsonRtcherd Townsend, was seised with a violent fit-of coughing, during which He burst a blood' vessel internally. This caused him to Jose a greet dpalofblood, and although erythiug was done for him by hie is ppor young fellow diei' d v i-b in * ifir The Oojoncf clerk is engaged making enquiries into the matter, and if thought necessary an j inquest will bo held. *BATBBS AND G boOEBi ’ ASSOCIA­ TION. — The establishments usually closing to-morrow afternoon will remain open. Cobonbb’s I nquest.—A coroner’s inquest was held at the Bridge In n this morning o& the body of An infant child named William Davies, before M r F. W. Mitchell, J.P., and a jury of seven- After the body had been vi wed the following witnesses were c a lle d E m ily Davies, single woman, ,aged 17, deposed th at fhcworkedatM r Finnigen’s jam factory. The deceased was about 16 mouths o ld ; ho was generally healthy, buttookill during the previous week; he did not seem in any danger until Saturday last, when he seemed to grow worse. Witness gave him some wine diluted with water, but he threw it up again th at n ight; he islept well, and the next morning he seemed better, and sat fup A neighbor named M rs Fenton came to the bouse, aud expressed the opinion th a t the child would not live very long, and that it was dying, and two neighbors, Mrs Sylveston and Mrs Vaughan, were then w iled in, and stayed until 6 o’clock, when the child died without a struccle. W itness’ sister Sarah also had a child, and they were in the habit of leaving the children at home care of their brother Arthur Davies, whose age was about 9 years. This they had to do to get a living. W itness’s mother advised her to give the child some castor oil on one or two occasions about three months ago. Deceased fell out of the perambulator, aud struck his head against the kerbstone. I t seemed lo get t-ver this ia a few days, b at his health was -not so good afterwarJe. Edward Qwea Giblin, legally qualified medical practitioner, deposed that he had made a post mortem examination of tbe body. There were no externa) marks of violence, The various organs were healthy, and he could detect no disease ; he bad cut nine teeth. From tbe &pfi; story of vomiting be concluded earance of tbe child and the th at the cause of death was exhaustion, consequent on teething There was no reason to suspect foul play bad been used towards deceased. Resina W arren, Arthur Davies, and Sarah Davies were the other- witnesses -called, their evidence corroborated 'Emily Davies. The jury returned a verdict of death from exhaustion, consequent teething. H obart Savings Bane —The liabilities aud assets for the past half-year are published elsewhere. T heatre Royal.—LtBt night M r W ybert Reeve's adopted comedv “ Only D ust ” was placed on the boards of the Theatre Royal. There was a large attendance. Uwing to the heavy pressure on our space we are compelled to withhold our detailed notice of tbe piece, but we may s&y; that it was admirably staged oDd admirably acted. Tbe piece seemed to jump into the favor of tbe audience at a bouud, and from start to finish there was scarcely a face in tbe house which was not stretched to its utmost tension to exhibit its dc cided approval. Mr Reeve had a part to play which differs somewhat from his ord in ary runof characters, and he certainly played it remarkably well. Mr Reeve was well supported by the other members of the company. “ Only Dust” will be repeated to-night, and those who search of a really good evening's amusement cannot do better thau pay the theatre a visit, Chalmgb’b Litbbart Association.— This new session of this association formally opened ic the Chalmer's H all last ’‘bight, by Mr E K. Falkiner d e ­ livering a lecture on ” Pickwick.” There was a very fair attendmee. Tbe Rev. M r Kidd was in the chair. The lecture wr9 a very interesting one, and although ostensibly on Pickwick alone, it was very lusion was made to the early trials and struggles of the great novelist, to his indomitable perseverance, am* the assiduity with which overcame the various difficulties which beset his path through life. M r Faulkner referred av some length to the circumstances, which led to the production of Pickwick, and h« recited a number of selections from th at work. The proceedings closed vote o f thanks to the lecturer, and another to the chairman for bating pre sided. T he Kangaroo. -A deputation, consisting of coach proprietors and others, waited on the Minister of Lands yesterday afternoon, and pointed out the great inconvenience which would be caused to the general public, and the great loss which they would suffer if the steamer Kangaroo were not ready to resume running by Thursday, the day fixed foT the Porell races. As Government subsidised the steamer, the deputation suggested that pressure be brought to boar on Mr. T&yloT; in order that the steamer might be ready for th a t day. The Minister, in reply, read the report from the inspector, M r Bradley (which we published yesterday), and expressed ms surprise that ibis time of the year should have been selected for laving up the steamer. He would make an £,i,i\ to see Mr Taylor -nd induce him to start tberuDDingon Wednesday morning. He pointed out, however, that it was not within tbe power of Government to foroe M r Taj lor to run the steamer. Vital S tatistics.—Daring the month of February. 136 births - 62 males and 74 females—ware registered in tbe re. gistration districts of Hobart and Launceston. This shows a decrease of four births as compared with tbe correspond ing month last year; and an increase of 1660 as compared with the average of the births registered ia February during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the proportions of births registered were as follow : -F o r Hobart, 2*48; for Launceston, 3 26; all, 2 72. The deaths registered in February, in Hobart and Launceston, numbered 109—66 males and 44 females. 31 deaths, 28.44 per cent, ot the whole, took place in public institutions. The total number o f deaths registered in the two districts during February, 1867, is less than that for tbe corresponding month last year by 1, and shows an in ­ crease of 7 40 as oompared with the average number of death!* registered in February during the last five-yearly period. To every IGQQ of the population ot the respective divisions, the proportions of deaths registered were as follows i—Hobart, 1*46 j LanncOstoo, 180; all, 218. The deaths under five years of age numbered 63, or 48 02 per cent.i of which 40 were under 1 year of ago; the deaths between 6 and 70 years of age numbered 41, or 37 02 per cent,; and the deaths 70 years and upwards numbered 16, or 18 76 per cent. I nqubst —Ab inquest was held at the Carlton Club Hotel yesterday afternoon before M r F. W. Mitchell (coroner), and a jury o f sevjm, touohmg the death of Robert Douglas, the man referred to in our Second Edition yesterday, as having died suddenly at the residence of Mr W. Ferguson. Wentworth street. The evidence of D r Farkinsou was to the effect that deceased died from valvular disease of the heart and hypertrophy. Evidence was given by Mr Ferguson, Mary Herman, H enry Smith, and Constable W eston, all of whom stated that the deceased was ap industrious sober man. The jury returned a verdict of death from heart diseased ( BiNKBtfPTor Business.—An application was made to the Chief-Justice in Chambers yesterday afternoon to set aside an order adjudicating bankrupt Joseph Sharp, of ^Hopart^ builder. The Rccisiou wwAwcawroa. 