.ASPINOIL'S VENGEANCE. ·---0-- CHAPrER XX. (Continued). ' You ought to believe me, pretty Sabel,' he said, slowly and earnestly. Surely I ought to know best whether I have ever been in love or not ? I tell you, my child, solemnly, that I was never in lovd in my life. Never, never,. never, ne'- Eh ! - what ie the meaning of this violent pulsation of my heart. Oh, Sabel!' She gasped for breath. She passed her hand over her forehead. She trembled and shivered as though an ague had seized her; her tremulous eyes wandered round her timidly and fearfully, and then they settled on the face of Aspinoil, whose eager, flashing eyes, were watching every turn-in the- ex pression of her pallid features. 'Love, unch as mine, Sabel.' he continued in the same fervent tone, 'is of instant birth nod rapid growth. Feeling that I love you -I know thatIlove youpassionately, madly, and that it is a love which will endure so long as life lingers in my heart-you must be mine? You will be mine.! Ah, dearest Sabel ! Swveetest Sabel !.,'tell me that you now yo will try and-love me:n tlIe time to. come ? - She pressedhis hand withasudden, sharp, nervous grip, and her forehead fell upon his shoulder. SYou do lovemo?' he whispered, in her car. She raised her head, and looking him stead fastly in the eyes. 'I do !' she exclaimel, with a sudden effort, and with a deep inspiration. He would have caught her in his arms, but she pressed him back, and fell upon her knees beoside him. She made two or three efforts to clear her voice, and at length succeeded. He conghed slightly, too, for he did not like the expression of her eyes as she looked into his. ' You have asked of me my love, it is yours.' she exclaimed, with a strange. forcible enunciation. ' My heart, my life, my soul they are yours. We p-art no more on earth -' ' Except-'mildly interposed Aspinoil, somewhat moved by the strange and wildly cnergtic determination which the girl dia played. 'Except nothing,' she interrupted, almost fiercely. ' You made no exceptions when you asked my heart, I give it you without reserve. Nothing now can alter it. Love is not too given and taken hack at will. I feel that now I am yours-be kind, gentle, and loving to me; and not one of those women of whom you have told me who loved men so tenderly shall rival me in adosation of and devotion to you. Slight me or desert me, and I will pursue you with the savaege ferocity of a tiger, a demon, a devil hunting you to perdition.' Hisr eyes dilated, and glared into his, with such an unnaturally malignant expression in them, that he felt cold drops of perspiration burst out from beneath his wig, and trickle behind his ears, and down the nape of his neck. He ventured upon a smile, although his heart beat at the moment like a lump of lead in his chest. *Does my darling Sabel doubt me 2' he in quired softly. We have passed the land of doubt into that of certainty,' she replied with a curious moan, as of ancute pain. 'My heart is gone. I am yours only for the rest of my life. As you behave to me, so shall we be happy or wretched beyond imagination.' - She drew a chain from about her neck; a plain. gold ring was' appended touit. She CdU rom. the chain, and ten ereditto 'Take it '- she said, in a. short, `ihalost commanding tone. * That ring was my mother's. She gave it me as she was dying. She made me swear, as the breath was leav ing her body, to wear it as a charm, to save me from being betrayed, and to make use of it in this hour, and thus. Place it uponmy finger!' She held out the marriage fineer ; and he with a misgiving, which made his skin tingle from scalp to the soles of his feet, did as she bade him. 'Say after me I' she continued, sternly ' and speak loudly each word that I shall utter!' He drew a deep breath, and would have offered a very strong ohjection,but there was a character in the expression of her eyes and mauth which completely overwhelmed him, and, trusting to his cunning to evade here after any oath he might be called upon now to take, he said, according to her dicta tion 'I ltake you, Sabel Woodborn,'in the presence of the shade of my mother, and of the Great Spirit which rules the universel to be my partner in life, to be separated only by death-' 'Or other circumstances,'he thought, with mental reservation,. STo be mine in prosperity, in poverty, in happiness or in trouble, in good or in evil to be mine only, and only mine; and as I am true 'to this plighted troth, so may I reap the reward-or the dreadful piublioh ment' Her voice trembled as she dictated the last words-he quivered as he uttered them. Then she seized his hand,and firmly grasp ing it, she commenced to say loudly, and without faltering, the words 'I take thee, Wolff Aspinoil, to be mine. And she repeated all the words she had dictated to him, in a full, clearvoice, until she hadl delivered the last word, and then she fell half fainting upon his sheoulder. But he did not feel quite so strongly inthe embracing mood as he had done a few mo ments previously,, and he rose up, raising her up with him, with the intention of dis cassing.with her the- nature of-the engage ment into which he had so unexpectedly and blindly rushed. - But as he gained his feet, his eyes - were attracted to the window-looking through it,: gazing steadfastly at him,;. he beheld two white faces, closely resembling those of old -Carwardinearid'the Mute. lThibey reremotioiless, and.their large;, ghost- like eyes were fastened jpon his. He uttered a shriek of intense horror anid fright, and fell upon the ground as if he had; been shot. CHAPcER SXXI. Although the sorrow into which Mabel was suddenly betrayed by. the despairing grief of her new companion was in its nature disconsolate, slihe compelled it to be brief. Mabel felt strangely distressed as she saw the scalding tears trickle through the white and wasted fingers of the trembling girl; but she stifled her own feelings of horror and dis may, and hent over, her to speak words of hopofuluess and encouragement again. endeavour, said Mabel.' to compose your self, and to so calm down the irritation of your mind, that, by the aid of placid and re freshing rest you may recover your strength. With returning health, a brighter and more hopefal spirit will come to you, and vou will regard your pisition with less distaste and a better disposition to bear its trials.' The young girl fixed her bright, deep eyes upen her steadfastly fora moment, and said San you from my heart for your effort to divert me. I feel better already. Now let us say what we may wish to say to each other at once,. and as copltely 'a o cg before we are interrupled. We shall have old 'orige up at dinner time, with the in tptjPn of eping or bullyingme out of bed, hibut she shall not succeed, for I will at least wring one happy day with you nant of a years' misery. Now I know yonr name, and I must tell you mine'; it is Agnes Falcon bridge. I am called Falcon here for short ness by the young ladies, but I would rather he called Agnes by you, as I wish to call yen Mabel- may 1?' - ' Undoubtedly. if you wish it,' replied Mabel, 'but I fear you are' talking too much. ' No. it does me good,' she replied, quick ly. 'Do you not hear that I speak more clearly? Do you not see that I am not so feverish and impatient? -No, I muist talk until I am worn out, and then I shall sleep. Have you been furnished with a copy of the rules ?-for this is a pattern house, and the rules are shown to ladies so that they may fall into ecstasies over them,-and heap work upon no, in the conceit that we young workpeople are inhabiting a kind of ,work room paradise, in which we commence labour at ten in the morning and leave off at six in the'evening, fatigued only with chanting hosannas to our employers in general, and to Madame Desirer in particular.' ' I have not yet received a copy of the roles,' observed Mabel, gazing upon her voluble companion with a species of mate surprise; ' Mr Giltgore, however, told me that they should be handed to me, and re queeted me not to infringe them.' Mr Giltgore is a dreadful old fibber,' Agnes cried, ' and a granite-hearted white slave-driver. He talks sympathy in execr able English, but he keeps our poor noses to the grindstone with an energy which would be very commendable, if he applied it to an effort to be commonly just. You will soon find out that it is even worse than I paint it.' re utifed t, ab ·mdss;,l - .,avers'. e.~ roles to which you actually have*to con form 2' The first rule is that you must rise on the sounding of the bell in the morning-it is rung a few minutes before six "'clock-and appear in the workroom at hbli-past, hav ing dressed and breakfasted. You must then work unflaggingly on until summ. ned to dinner. At this meal sufficient only is doled out to you to make you feel keenly what a shabby scrap it is, and you are al lowed hardly time to lnok over your plate in search of it,much less time enough to devour it, with wistful eyes looking and longing for a ' more 'which never comes. We hungry girls are never long whipping up the few muthfuls served to us. 'and then we are hurried off to work again. Five minutes for two slices of bread and scrape and a mug of slop, at five o'clock, is called figuratively the tea-meal, then to work again until eleven when nanother short allowance is served round under the deceptive name of supper. It consists of one slice of bread and butter, or cheese, at will. I forbear to describe the butter or the cheese, you will taste them, and as I did, perhaps, retch after them, until your fastidiousness of taste is starved out of you as it has been out of me. If it beon the eve of a reception, or a Drawing loom or a 'feet,' as the tyrant beadle of our work house, for so, we call Giltgore, pronounces it, there is no leaving work until the work is done-perhaps that may be eight or nine the followingmorning. Those who have swoomed half a dozen times are allowed to go tbed, those who can dragon have a few minutes allowed them co wash themselves, and thcn must go on at fresh work until they become blind, and fall back as if they were dead. Giltgore says he objects to our working forty-eight hours at a sitting, but he regards thirty-six as a merciful arrangement on his part.'. ' Surely this does not occer often?' in quired Mabel, aghast at the revelation to which she was listening with most painful attention. 'In the season, and the London season is always a long one, it is the rule; to bed by one o'clock in the morning is the exceptio i' returned Agnes, promptly. ' Oh, Mabel, look at me, turn your eyes upon the poor, worn, pallid, thin creatures whom you will meet at breakfast in the morning, do you think that if late nights were only occasional their systems- mine-would be so shattered? Youthis strong, and our sex - can' endure sedentary occupation of reasonabse daily duation without breaking' down der it; heekstheir coloy fi mower, drives Away appetite, settles a d pain inyour brain, makes your eyeballs ft ke orbs of flame, forces hot .tears from jonu' as though the fountains of your eyes were boiling springs, wrenches from you your self control, compels you to shriek and tear your hair, and makes yoo frantic, and wish and pray you were dead, or urges you to de termine to precipitate yourself into a sphere which we are told is moral self-murder? Not often occur ? Oh, Mabel, prepare for your penal servitude with solitary confinement, and offer up your prayers to your Heavenly Father that hemay endow you with strength to go through with it until the hour of your release comes by death or in any other shape.' 'But the Sundays ?' observed Mabel, faintly, after a long and unplesant pause, which she filled with uneasy forebod. logs. Agnes shrugged her shoulders. 'We work up till twelve on Saturday night, she answered, like one weary of telling a hateful story, 'then we have our supper, if we have heart or strength to eat the miser able dole; then we clear up, and retire to bed, where we talk ourselves, some cry themselves to sleep. We breakfast at eight on Sunday morning, and we may pass the day in these cheerful apartments, or go out and be homeat nineo'clock on Sunday night, and in bed by ten, because 'lights are not allowed when no work is going on.' ' Yet still' you have your Sundays to do what you may think proper, or may pre ferf ' A slight snudder passed over thle frame of Agnes, and'she answered rather hurriedly- ' Yes-yes : you can pass your Sunday away from here ; but, if you are circum stanced as I am, what would you do with it? Ia am alone in London. Agnes paused for. a mompnt; then she added, slowly- - *'" ' There are many girls in this house who have'homes in London. They rise wth the dawn on Sundays, and they hurry to them. They do, I admit, come back brighter mnd with fresh nerve to prosecute their desperate toil for another week. There are some who, like me, Mabel, have ni6homes in London, hut who go away, too, for the whole day. *They come l'ek It night with flurried manners, half-frightenied looks. Sometimes they weep half the night away, and they brood.and think all the week over their wnrl.othin. dle~fpiy 'abstractedly. moodily, all the long day, from dawn unti?ml? Tdi night.. If they laugh, they laugh hysterical ly ; if they sing-and I have heard them sing-they sing strangely and wildly ; it has made my blood run cold and my flesh creep, and'I have felt faint until their notes have trembled away into the bitter, bitter agonis ing sob. Mabel, those girls disappear abruptly from among us. We know that we mustbrush them from our memory ; the most charitable among us offer up a prayer to heaven for the salvation of their souls- and-and-in the depths of our hearts we -we don't condemn them. I-I-don't-I don't-. don't.' . Agnes buried her fae~ in the C illow as she sobbed out the last words, and Mabel saw that herwholc frame was convulsed with hysterical emotion. She felt terrified, horrified, overwhelmed with apprehension. She had expected to have to work hard ; but she was unprepared for such an account of West End slavery as this. It was perhaps as well for both that at this moment the waiting-maid, Cecilia, entered the room. She bore in her hand at very small basin, with sonmething smoktin: in it andadvanced to the bedside. She aid,n a kind tone of voice ' Here, Miss Falconbridge, drink this sEop as quick as you can-it will do you "'gaes having 9ace tasatd it proceeded to devoar it ravenbiu y 'Ae s she s Phid pte ,.. . , F.-,. 7. ; , empty basin back, she murmured * I wi.h there had been more of it or none at all, for it has only made me hungry-very hungry,' she sighed; * however, that's nothing new here. -It is the rule to be hungry, for we never have sufficient to eat.' SMabel skilfully turned the conversation which she had been holding with-Agnes into another channel, and contrived, by hopeful words and pleasant images. to calm down her excited mind, andto Ijll and soothe her, until she gradually sank into a deep slumber. While she slept, Cecilia, the waiting-maid, again made her appearance with :Mabel's dinner. As she finished it, she became conscious of the presence of a short, spare woman, dressed ins black silkrobe. which came high up to the throat, round which was pinned a small white collar, ornamented witha peach coloured bow. Upon her head was a kind of formidable arrangement of black net and pink flowers, and beneath this head-dress was a saffron coloured face, hard sinewy. iigid in its fea tures, energetic and ruthless in its expres sion. (To be continued.) 