The mysterious Itcll-i-ingiugs. (Gi/iohided,') Incliorl, Vanderlyn wascomplctely beaten, and lichen to wonder it there really were ghost?. By ten of the evening, ulcer bo had answered tlic goblin's ring a dozen times, he woe in a state of considerable mental cx ciUment. The hint of I'ilkingtcn, tbat there was something strange and evil in this family, began to dieturb him eeriously. Was it Amhony Taillefor'a Hpcctre which, thus, perhaps, avenging pomo mortal wrong, dis tarbed the house '/ Had the man really been poisoned? It PO, who? what cause? These internal questinnd became to dieagrccable that ho sought to atiflc them by talking to the widow and gazing into her wondrous cyeu. lie; calmncBs under the manifestations, her Bweet; and almost gay checrfulneBB, so natural to a pure conscience, did much to ward a reassuring him as to her b'umtloes nees and his own bappinoss. "It ifl a serious business foi mo, this bell-ringing," she eaid. "It may diminish the marketable value of the house. And I tear that I shall bo obliged to let it " Was she in pecuniary atraitB ? Vanderlyn thought ol bis tbreo hundred thousand dollars, and wanted to roll them all at her feet- Perhaps he was only prevented from offering him6clt to her at oncc by the reflec tion that sho had been but one month a widow. Had he known ber thoroughly, he would have known that there was in that foot no causa for hesitation, but also be would have known enough to make him recoil from such a proffer. Tho young man passod a wearisome and yet ludicrous night. It was pitifully comical to watch that J vact bulk of 1'ilkington's roll about the house in search of the bell-ringers, causing tho firm floors to creak under its ponderous transit. On tiptoo Pilkington could not go ; his weight would have crushed the toes of a megalopaurun; bo must tread on tbo full, cushiony breadth ol his elephan tine pcduls. Once he lay down, with many short-winded groans, lo it>ok under a door and spy the next room. But his stomach and hips kept his head at an altitude which prevented him from seeing anything; and very soon the recumbent position brought on a spasm of suffocation which turned his yellow faoe (o nn awful crimson. It cost Vanderlyn a laborious minute to restoro tho giant to a sitting position on the floor, and another to plaoe him upon the sofa. After recovering such breath ns mill be longed to bim, he proceeded, in a tone of some biUernebs, to speak of Sirs. Tnillefcr. And there tltr lies upstairs, sleeping as calmly as a baby. Do you suppose sno carcs bccauso wr :ire making a night of it un her account ? Not a bit of it. .She thinks of herself, that womau does ; she's like all tbo reel of her sex; they are as sclliah as cuts. Just like cats, Mr. Vanderlyn-soft, purring, sly, uolGeh, cruel-that's precisely the phraee, Mr. Vanderlyn-selfishly cruel. Thick of their own coinfurt, and their own nicc fur. Nothing cl."o-nothing else." "Are yon not rather severe, at leait, on lire. Tailicfcr?" ieiflousli;i.led the young man. I'ilkington hesituted : ho groaned v.ith re flection. We may as well suggest frankly that he wished to detach Vanderlyn from the widow, whilo he did not oara to have hor know of his efforts to deprive her of a pos sible suitor. "A word with you, 3ir," ho answered, when ho had takon his resolution, " a word with you iu strict and friendly oonfidonoe. Honor of a gentleman, Mr. Vanderlyn 1 I feel an interest in you, and want you lo bo well informed. This woman, who i'b now sleeping su nwcotly upstairs, hue always !!."cng'i oilier pcopVe Ircutlr. She is hdlii'tincua incarnate. Her mother was a wMuv and poor; she starved fci-rsclf to fur nish her Diane with dresses; 1-hc positively kill.-d hcro'.lf will; inpufticient find improper fouil; nnd Diane, llic pietty* bitten, let her do it. Then camo Anthony Tailltfer's turn. After a rat lias eaten one moure, she must have another. When Taillefer tell in lore with this girl and married her, lie bad just sucsreiled tc his futbu'ti estate and was try in:' to set it to 1'ifjhtn. lie hrid on to the family mansion, hut ha was living economi cally. lie told bis ciroumutances to bis be rrotlicd; ho told her that be could not a(. (oi d above five thousand a year for household esparihts; he luked her to aid him in caving until the plantation mortgages should be paid. Of cimrsn, she promired; cats always pro mise." Hero Mr. Pilkington uttered a sigh which was well suited to the nature ol bie tale, bat which was probably meant to express no more than his sorrows or twinges. 11 What did ehe;do ?" lie proceeded. "She began to cat Taillefer juet as she had eaten her mother. He must give splendid parties', he mutt give receptions be must bave a gallery of pictures; be must buy a now car risen; ho must take her North. As lor dree see, jewels, and all that sort ot thing, ho muetu't stint her. If he did, ob, wasn t he cruel 1 and didn't she pay biui lor it I You and 1, Mr. Vsndeilyn, don't know exactly how husbands arc bullied and governed. But they arc; we know that. Tallcler was. He was a kind-hearted, well-meaning fellow; he wanted other people to be happy; he hated to cross his wife. She found out all (bat, and sbo bad no pity on bim. She ate him up as calmly and prettily aB she had eaten her mo ther. He got deeper in debt every year; I know how it went with him; I am & broker. At last, of oourtc, the end came; but before it reaohed bim, he stepped out; yes, sir, step, ped out. Haven't the least doubt of it, Mr. Vanderlyn. Strychnine. Couldn't bear to bear himself called a bankrupt. Perhaps couldn't bear to tell his wile that he bad no more money for her. Both are likely. He was bigh-toned and ho was soft- hearted." Mr. Pilkington closed his narrative in the abysses of a profound sigh. . Vanderlyn began to see things by daylight. Here was a fat,old Ulysses in love witha young syren; aware of the perils of her enchant ments, and yet unable to escape from them; warning others from her iele, solely that be mitfbt remain her only viotim. For it was pretty clear that, notwithstanding Pilking ton '« bitterness ogainat the widow, he was desperately iu love with her. He railed at her; he told the savage truth about her; yes, bat ho wanted her for his wife. In this curious spectacle Vanderlyn began to take a philoso phic interest, which diminished his own in fatuation. The young man's eyes being opened, be made discoveries. From a word or two drop ped by Pilkington, he inferred that the de ceased Tailefer bad borrowed largely of (hat gentleman and bad not repaid. Another discovery, Vanderlyn remarked on the ezpeuse of burning gas all eight throughout so large a building. The sulky re spouse was: "It won't cost her anything; nothing eosts her much." So Pilkington was still lending. As to the boll-ringing, bo discovered noth ing, oxcept that they oonld keep him awake. What with waiting tor noiseB, and dodging about in vain searoh for their oause, neither of the men got any sleep. The next morning their lustreless eyeB and haggard faces pre sented a strong contrast to the freshness of Diane Taillefer, as sweet and cool as a lily from the dews of a summer night. Vanderlyn was nlmoBt angry at the bland good-bumor with whiob sbo smiled at tbo Atory of their vigils, and, by way of protest against her ungrateful look ot sympathy, he went off to his hotel after breakfast and took a nap. Daring the day he met old travelling com rades, and they, knowing his sooial position, introduced him to their friends. Within a week he was in eooiety, visiting people who knew Diane Taillefer. Everybody who was anybody knew Diane Tailleler; everybody, too, wanted to talk about her. Public opinion was very positive as to the merits and demerits of this remarkable young woman. She was beautiful; yes, but she was heartless. She was charming, she was bowitohing; yes, but she had no sympathy for others. She was a born queen of eooiety; yos, but she ruin6d those who loved her. Everybody knew that she had euoked tbe life oat ot a mother, and then had sacked the life out of a husband. Yet there were plenty of women who envied the fame'of this fascin ating vampire, and plenty of men who seemed willing to oiler their heart's blood tat her subsistence. The fact that her widow hood exoluded her from society was to her rivals a keen joy, and to her admirors a matter of loud lament. " It is a cruel joke on her, this mourning," said one of her best friends-a lady of high fashion-to Vanderlyn. " Tbsre she is, on a temporary faneral pyre, for a hUBband whom she was glad to get rid ot because he could not support her in the style that she needs. There she is, debarred from hunting tbe millionaires whom sbo wantB." On the whole, the young widow's character Buffered more than it gained at the hands ol Mrs. Grundy. She herself contributed to her own defamation by'keeping up her usual expenses, although her insolvent husband had not left her a penny. This woman, strangely deficient in moral perceptions, never oould understand the juslioe, the deoorum, or even the wisdom of paying a debt. At a creditor who asked for his money she stared with haughty astonishment, ,only slightly mixed with irritation. If a shop-keeper heBitated to truet her farther, she oonoeived that he had grossly insulted her, and turned her baok on him with annoying contempt. The doors of a hoUBe which she aid not own she ordered to be closed in the faces of people whose claims entitled them to say that they did own it. " I don't know how she will oome out," re marked the intimate friend above mentioned. " I fear that she will requiro two or three men at nnoe to support ber. And, you know, that sort of thing seldom ends well." While Diane Taillefer wonted to be trusted by every one, she trusted no one. When Pil kington invested for ber some ready oash which ehe had kept out of tbe estate, she took his receipt for it with a phrase which was worldly wiBe, but the ulteranoeof which was crucl. " In matters of business," shs said, with a smile, " it will not do to oonfide in a busi noss-man. In other affairs he may be a self sacrificing friend; but, as soon as it comes to buEincsB, be looks out for himself." The oircumetanceB which most injured Diane Taillefer was the bell-ringing. This strange annoyance, which soon became known throughout the city as a " spiritual manifes tation," so thoroughly captivated and bo witolied the popular oredulity, as to make it acoept any phantasmal figment which might seem to account for it. It waB soon reported that the bells wero rung by Anthony Taille fer's ghost; then came a suspicion that the haunting spirit had eomo wrong to avenge; then aroce whisperings of poison. By negroes ? That, in the opinion ot New Orleans, was always probable. By Diane Taillefer. People looked at this question; no one wished to utter it. The body was taken from tbo family vault, and traces of strychnine were found in it. ltut ct this point the investigation was arrested by Pilkington, who brought forward strong probabilities ot suicide. He showed the pcounisry affairs of the dcoeased had long boon in a hopeless state ; be produoed a note in Taillefer's handwriting, whioh spoke of "soaking BUroeaBS of trouble in death; " in short, he kept the aOair out of the courts. HnverlhtUEs, tkc ecutdal «R» a heavy blow to Diane in more ways thsn one. After she bad eucceeccd, through Pilkington's admir able] inanaceme&t; Bnd liberal loans, in fi&v; ing the house for herself out of the insolvent estate, she found that it had beooms value less aa a piece of property. She could not live in it for luck of meant, and she ouuld not icnt it becauso it wae haunted. Another fntsl incident was that her old ad mirete wets perverted by the popular preju dice. It began to eecm unlikely that any of the wealthy young men of New Orleans would marry a woman who had^ become known as a "husband- killer." From tba time that this blasting epithet gained cur rency in society, the retirement of her widowhood was not adorned by a single flir tation, excepting the affairs with Vanderlyn ! and the broker. ... - The New Yorker wBB tempted by this dangerous and brilliant bait. The fast that it wae dangerous rendertd it almoBt as fasci nating to him as the fact that it was brilliant. We know how jouth lovea adventures; now it longs for the ideal and tbo unheard of; how chivalrous and generous it is; how cap able ot self- sacrifice; how hungry for plea euro; how reverent of beauty. In the history, character, and person of Diane TaiUejer there was what promised to satisfy all youth ? craving impulses. To Vanderlmg censes and appreciation she seemed to fill the air around her with an odor, or a taint, of be wildering temptation. In spite of the warn- * incs whioh he had reoeived, in spite of the dread and even aversion for her with which the breath of eooiety occasionally afleotea him, he eonld not help longing to possess her. At last he was distinctly offered his Oboioa, ? whether he would take or refuse the alluring PrHe was alons with Diane in her parlor. After the manner of his sex, he was lounging faom plaoe to plaoo in the room, now stop- . ping to glance at one of the old pictures on the walls, now fingering the bronzes on the mantel, now turning over'the leaves of an album, but all the while talking. Alter the manner of her sex, she sat tranquilly npon« sofa, waiting for him to approach. He was thinking of cis longings andher beauty 5 she was thinking of her necessities and his lor tB" Thanks," ehe said, with her most be witching smile, when he at last took ft.8**' beside her. " Von have flattered thepioturea and bronzes long enough. 1 want to engage a moment ot your attentionfor myself. " Oh, but you have all my moments, yon know," he answered, lightly. She heard him without smiling, her elbow resting on an arm of the sola, her faoe sup ported and partly hidden by her hand, her, lyes fixed on the floor with an expression ol melancholy. . . ' ' . " Let me be serious, she mnrmurea. 4 am impressing need of ^our kindest consider ation and counsel, You will forgive me for imploring thus muoh of you. I am driven to ,t-"A woman is so helpless 1" ehe sighed, still playing upon the chord of masouline pity for feminine feebleness. III were a man, I could face my embarrassments. I ooola plunge into the world, and carve out auoMU, \t at leaBt safety. As things are, all that I oan do is to aocept one man's help or an °'h« voioe was mueio; it lulled and be witched him. Her eyes were marvalonsly beautiful and pathetic; the/ seemed to plead for his sonl, Mid to obtain it. .' A roan's terms are ao hard 1" she went on. " He will save the woman whom In oities on tbe sole oondition of possession. Buoh a salvation has been proposed to me to a man who is horrible, who it disgusting. Ah, it is worse than death, such help f Tell me, shall I accept it ? Shall I marry Mr. Pilk '^anderlyn was crazed. The thought that this woman was abaut to be token from him made her suddenly preoions. The idea of see ing bo muoh beauty surrendered to such bestial ugliness arove him to long toresouo it, at no matter what self-saonflce. He was on the point of extending his band to take h8At that instant tbe bell rang. Tbs olear tintinnabulation vibrated through bis mint like a warning Irom the other world- Ail at once life seemed ghostly to him j he bellevai for the moment in the interference of sup®* nal powers; an impulse drove him totnisthis future to the guidance of fatality. " If I find any human being at the door, he said to himself," I will marry her. Without glancing at Diane, he rose,crosses the room as stealthily as a spectre, and opened the door. No one was in the hall, the beli-wire waB eiiU trembling; he opened the outer door-no one* ... . .. " When he oame baok, hie lace was almort deathly pale, but be looked firmly into Ks eyes, as he said; "I have no conn Sd.'ln8thatcase," she replied, with a flush of desperation and anger," 1 shall foUow the advice of the only man who is my true Wend. I nhall marry Mr. PilkinRton. A few months later Vanderlyn, lounging over thl fifes in a New York Olub, rertttt announcement of the.marrisgeof DianeGirou Seau TaUlefer to 3. D. Pilkington, both ol K After'iTwbUe Vanderlyn learned that Diane was onoe more a queen of eociety. The cno^ mous fortune ot her husband en»WedMher to display a sumptuous eleganoe of dress and hospitality wbioh crushed aU competition. Even the high bred ariBtooraoy' of .New Or leans submitted to the insolent domination ol Mrs. Pilkington. Once he met her at Newport. Bneoe witched him anew with her beauty, and grace, and affability. Not a euroioion of vindictive ness or even coolneBs in her reception of him. She noted that ho bowed to her in epirit, and smiled upon him for it. She seemed to him iuoompar*bly charming- . , _ 1 Then oame the war, and with »t awwP}®?° that she might be sharing in the ruin ot the South, but no poBitive knowledge,, Etatfgj Vanderlyn returned to Louisiana, as ootonu of a New York regiment, in Banks a jxpedi dition. At Port Jaokson he learnea.from a Confederate prisoner, that the well- known broker Pilkington had died abankrupt months previous, and that his widow had disap neared from a society which was even then falling into poverty- etrioken deoay and eon ASfevening or two alter his arrival in New Or^anB, he went alone to the Taillefer man sion. The moonlight showed hrathohnge building as wo have desoribed ''-a,®0T"T forbidding, hopeless, relentless pile, its doors nailed up and its windows barred. As he gazed, a oitizen lounged by. Some conversation took placc » to house; then Vanderlyn inquired about the bell-ringings-had the cause of them been dl" OMbe1 ghost business,"replied the othsr. .. No 1 no satisfactory explanation; it wae always a mystery. I never knew ol another thing whioh was such a complete puzzle to eVp/esBntly a carriage passed Blowly. Md Vanderlyn perooived in it a brother offloar, evidently in a state of intoxication. By his side Bat a woman. She leaned forwardana surveyed the mansion wistfully. He heard her say, "That was once my house. - The ofllcer rudely slapped her oc1 the shoulder, with a drunken laugh of good humored incredulity, Bnd a taunt of fearful, though unmeant cruelty. You wornin 1rt wayB have some such traBh to tell; go talk to 'hAsn«heDfeli baok in her Beat, witha gesture of anger and despair, Van derijmlost ?isht forever ot tbe now haggard features, the almost obliterated beauty , of Diane Tail* later. 