CORRESPONDENCE. We wish it to he understood that we do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions cx pressed by our Correspondents. SCHNEIDER’S A C1CN OtVDED G JIER T ' TO. D. PARRY,. ESQ. My ' compliments 'to :you,! illustrious poet, David. Parry, for tho beautiful poem or logond sung by you in sucli pootical rhymes to my praise and memory. I would fam try to reply in. similar lan guage, but I am not possessed of tlie glorious gift, ami havo, no time to poniso the poetical works of past and pre sent ages. I am afraid tlio vision of “ Austral” will haunt mo for trying to annex some of the l'amo only belonging to him in this instance, and without'the least pretence on my part for such gloiy. Yes my illustrious rhymer of tho pla giarian" stamp, I am unworthy of your praiso, and you aro hunting for the ghost of “Austral” in the wrong direc tion ; but nevertheless, I am pleased by your kind attention and sympathy, un deserved though it may bo. I woudor if your good lady knows that you are east ing tho pearls of your imaginative fancy before the swine without proper remu neration ; if so, sho ought to let you go without your dinner more frequently, to induce you to look for a better market. IVliy not try Ballarat, at present the place whore poets are most honored. Tho good people there would soon erect a memorial stature to your everlasting glory. You know tho place of old, and perhaps the Ballarat people would not recognise the old Adam in you again. I will not ex tend this acknowledgment any further for the present, but perhaps I may at a future date, and after consulting the oracle you know and speak of, and whon tho moon is in better favor. Bo careful in future and do not shoot so much at random ; j-ou might hit somebody when least oxpectod, and then tho evil genius might cast one eye towards youi pockets, should there by chance a shilling jingle in their deep ro cessos. Just ono whisper more for your private oar. Most respected! do you know whom I suspect is .“Austral”? Some thing came croaking through tho fog—it might have been a frog for all I could see—and dolefully cried 11 Brag.” Hollo ! I said, I have it now, it is that confounded “ Bragwoll,” who sings such confounded sarcastical rhymes, is at the bottom of this “ Austral” scandal. So take note and direct your lire in that direction, llorr Schneider contemplates a visit to tho Vatcrhind shortly (mark the spelling) and is willing to recommend you to Bismark, who will soon recognise your superiority, and install you as Boot Laureate to his KaiserlichcMaye&tedl; Kaiser Wilhelm. An revoir, SCITNE1DEB. 