the two apprentices and Jl she discipline of grace. Bx theKev, C. H. Spurgeon, ' For the grace of God that brirgeth slvation hath apieared to all men, teaching as that denying uu- godliness, and worldly lus'e, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly in this present world ; looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing 01 the great Cod and our Saviour Jeans Christ, who gave Himself for us, that He m'ght redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto Himself a pecu iar people, zealous cf good works.'— Titus ii , 1114. Upon reading this text one Bees at a glance that Paul believed in a Divine Saviour. He did not preach a Saviour who was a mere man. Ho believed the Lord Jesus Christ to be truly man, but he also believed Him to be Goaover all, ana ne therefore uses the striking words, ' the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus .Christ.' There is no appearing of God the Father ; there is no suoh expression in Scripture, the appear ing is the appearing oif that seoond person of the blessed Trinity in unity who has already once appeared, and who will appear a second time without a sin offering unto salvation in the latter days. Paul believed in Jesus as ' the great God and our Saviour.' It was his high delight to extol the Lord who once was cruoified in weakness. He oalls Him here ' the great God,' thus Bpeoially dwelling upon His power, dominion, and glory, and this is the more remarkable beoause he immediately goes on to Bay, who gave Him self for us, that He might redeem us from all iniquity.' He that gave HimBelf, He that surrendered life itself upon the accursed tree, He that was stripped of all honour and glory and entered Into the utmost depths of humiliation, was assuredly the great God notwithstanding all. O brothers, if you take away the Deity of Ohrist what in the Gospel is left that is worth the preaohing. None but the great God is equal to the work of being oar Saviour. Paul looked npon recovery from sin as being a wonderful proof of Divine grace. He does not talk about a kind of grace that would leave men in sin and yet save them from its punishment. No, his salvation is salvation from sin. He does not talk about a free grace whioh winks at iniquity and makes nothing of transgression ; bnt of a greater graoe by far, whioh denounoes the iniquity and condemns the transgression, and then delivers the viotim of it from the habit which has brought him into bondage. He declares that the graoe of God has shone ( pon the world in the work of Jesus, in order that the darkness of . its sin and ignoranee may disappear, and the brightness of holiness, and righteonsness, and peace may rule the day. God send us to see these blessed results in every part of the world. God make as see them in ourselves. May we ourselves feel that the grace of God has appeared to us individually! Our apostle would have Titus know that this grace was intended for all ranks of men, for the Oretians, who were always liars, evil beasts, slow bellies ;' and even for the most despised bondslaves, 'who, under the Roman Empire, were treated worse than dogs. To each one of us, whether rloh or poor, prominent or obscure, the gospel has come, and its design is that we may be delivered by it from all ungodliness and worldly lasts. This being the run of the text, I ask yon to come closer to it, while I try to show how the apostle stimulates us to holiness, and urgeB us to overcome all evil. Firstly, he describes our position ; secondly, he desoribee our instruction; and, thirdly, he mentions our encouragements. May the good Spirit bless our meditations at thiB hour. I. First of all, the apostle in this text describes our position. The people of God stand between two appearances. In the eleventh verse he tells as that 1 the graoe of God thatbringeth salvation hath ap peared to all men and then he says, in toe thirteenth verse, 'Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorioUB appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jeeus Christ.' We live in an age whieh is an interval between two appearings of the Lord from heaven, lie liever s in Jesus are shut off from the old economy by the first coming of our Lord. The times of man's Ignorance God winked at, but now oommandeth all men everywhere to repent. We are divided from the past by a wall of light upon whose forefront we read the words Bethlehem, Gethsemane, Oalvary. We dste from the birth of the Virgin's Son. We begin with Anno Domini. All the rest of time is before Christ, and is marked off from the Christian era. Bethlehem's manger is our beginning. The ohief landmark in all time to us is the wondrous life of Him who is the light of the world. We look to the appearing of the grace of God in the form of the lowly One of Nazareth, for our trust ie there. We confide in Him who was made fiesh and dwelt among us, so that men beheld His glory, the glory ae of the Only Begotten of the Father, full of graoe and truth. The dense darkness of the heathen ages begins to be broken when we reach the first appearing, ana sue a&wn; qi a giunuua uttjr uegims. Brethren, we look forward to a second ap pearing. Our outlook for the olose of this present era is another appearing — an appear ing of glory rather than of grace. After our M&Bter; rose from the brow of Olivet, His disciples remained for a while in mute astonishment ; but Boon an angelio mes« eenger reminded tbern of propheey and promise by saying, ' Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing op into heaven ? This same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so oome in like manner as ye have seen Him go into Heaven.' We believe j that' onr Lord in the fulnesB of time will desoend from heaven with a shout, with the trump of the archangel, and the voice of God. The Lord ehall came ! the earth shall quake ; The mountains to their centre shake ; - And withering irom the vault of night, The Stare Bhall pale their feeble light. This is the terminus of the present age. We look from Anno Domini, in whioh He oame the flist time to that greater A&bq; Domini, or jm of our Lord, in whioh He shall oeme a second time, in all the splendour of His power, to reign in \ righteousnesB. aud break the evil powers as with a rod of iron. See, then, where we are ; we are com passed about, behind and before, with the appearingB of our Lord. Behind us is our trust, before ns is our hope. Behind ue ie the Son of God in humiliation ; before ue is the great God our Saviour in His glory. To use an ecclesiastical term, we stand betweeen two Epiphanies — the first is the manifestation of the Son of God in human fiesh in dishonour and weakness, the second is the manifestation of the same Son of God in all His power and glory. In what a position, then, do the saints stand ? They have an era all so them selves, which begins and ends with the Lord's appearing. II. Secondly, I have to call your attention to the instruction which is given to us by the graoe of God whioh has appeared unto all men. Our translation runs thus: — 'The graoe of God hath appeared to all men, fsionfimn no f rtof Eenninn nn#i#ii31iMAaB n«tsl vuawuiug «« uuguuuuooo worldly lusts, we ehoald live soberly, rigbteoasly, and godly, in this present world.' A better translation would be, 1 The graoe of God that brtngeth salvation hath appeared to all men, disciplining us in order that we may deny ungodlineeB and worldly lusts.' Those cf ycu that kDow a little Greek will note that the word whieh in our version is rendered ( teaching,' is a scholastic term, and hai to do with the education of children ; not merely the teaching, but the training and bringing of them up. The graoe of God has come to be a schoolmaster to us, to teach us, to train as, to prepare as tor a more developed state. Ohrist has mani fested in His own Person that wonderful graoe of God whioh is to deal with us as with sons, and to educate us into holiness, and so the full possession of our heavenly heritage. We are the many sons who are to be brought to glory by the discipline of graoe. So then, first of all, grace has a discipline. We generally think of law when we talk about schoolmasters and discipline ; bnt graoe itself has a discipline, and a wonderful train ing power too. The manifestation of graoe is preparing as for the manifestation of glory. What the law eould not do grace is doing. The free favour of God instils new principles, suggests new thoughts, and, by inspiring as with gratitude, creates in as love to God and hatred of that whioh is opposed to God. Happy are they who go to school to the graoe of God. This grace of God entering into us shows as what was evil even more clearly than the commandment does. We receive a vital, testing principle within, whereby we discern between good and evil. The graoe of God provides us with instruction, but also with chastisement, as it is written, ' As many as I Hove I rebuke and chasten.' As soon as we come under the oonsoioos enjoyment of the free graoe of God we find it to be a holy rule, a fatherly government, a heavenly training. We find not self-indulgence, mueh less licentiousness ; but, on the contrary, the graoe of God both restrains and constrains ns. It makes as free to holiness, and delivers us from the law of Bin and death by ' the law of the spirit of life in Ohrist Jesus.' This life ib described in a threefold way. You are first, to live 'soberly' — that is, for yourself. Soberly' In all your eating and your drinking, and in the indulgence of all bodily appetites— that goes without Baying, Drunkards and gluttons, fornicators and adulterers, cannot inherit the kingdom of God. You are to live soberly in all your thinking, all your speaking, all your acting. There is to be sobriety in all yonr worldly pursuits. You are to have yourself well in band — you are to be self-restrained. I know some brethren who are not often sober. I do not accuse them of being drunk with wine, but they are mentally intoxicated — they have no reason, no moderation, no judg ment. They are all spur and no rein. Right or wrong, they must have that whioh they have set their hearts npon. They never look round to take the full bearing of a matter ; they never estimate calmly, but with closed eyes they rush on like bulls. Alas lor these unsober people ! they are not to be depended on, they are everything by turns, and nothing long. The man who is disciplined by the graoe of God becomes thoughtful, considerate, self- contained ; and he is no longer tossed aoout oy passion, or swayed oy prejudice. There is only one insobriety into whioh I pray we may fall, and truth to say that is the truest sobriety. Of this th6 Scripture saith, ' Be net drunk with wine, wherein is excess, but be filled with the Spirit.' When the Spirit of God takes full poseession of us, then we are born along by : His sacred energy, and are filled with a divine - enthusiasm whieh needs no restraint. Under j all other influences we mast guard ourselves against yielding too completely, that thus we may live ' soberly.' As to his fellow-men the believer lives 'righteously.' I cannot understand that Christian who ean do a dirty thiog in business. Craft, canning, ovenreaohing, misrepresenta tion, and deceit are no instruments for the : hand of godly men. I am told that my ! principles are too angelio for business life — that a man oannot be a match for his fellow- men in trade if he is too Puritanic. Chhers are up to tricks, and he will be rained if ne oannoB uidk toem in return, un, my dear heareis, do not . talk in this way. If. you mean to go the way of the devil say so, and take the consequences ; but if yon profees to be servants of God deny all part nership with unrighteousness. Dishonesty and falsehood are the oppositeB of godliness. A Christian man may be poor, but he must live righteously ; he may lack sharpness, but he muBt not lack integrity. A Christian profession without uprightness is a lie. Grace must discipline us to righteous living. Towards God we are told in the text that we are to be godly. Every man who has the graoe of God in him Indeed and of a troth will think mueh of God, and will seek first the kingdom of God and His righteous: neBS. God will enter Into all his oalcula- tions, God'e presence will be his joy, God's strength will be his oonfidenee, God's provi dence will be his inheritance, God's glory will be the chief end of bis being, God's law the guide of his conversation. Now, if the graoe of God, whioh has appeared so plainly to all moo, has really oome with its sacred discipline upon as, it is teaching ns to live in this threefold manner. Once more, there is looking as well as living. One work of the graoe of God is to cause us to be looking for that blessed hope of the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ.' What is that blessed hope?' Why, first, that when Ha oomee we shall rise from the dead, if we have fallen asleep ; and that, if we are alive and remain, we shall be ehanged at his appearing. Oar hops is that we ehall be approved of Him, and shall hear Him say, ' Well done, good and faithful servant.' This hope is not of debt, but of grace-4hough our Lord will give us a reward, it will not be according to tbe law of works, We expect to be like Jems when we shall see Him as He is. When Jesus shines forth as tbe sun, ' then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of our Father.' Our gain by godliness cannot be counted down into the palm of ouy hand. It lies in the glorions future ; and yet to faith it is bo near that at this moment I almost hear the chariot of the HAmlnM Ono Ttin T,Ai AnmfifVi an/i In f.Vi a WUUilUg VUVi X uu vvusyvuf HUU SUV ooming of the Lord lies the great hope of the believer, his great stimulus to overcome evil, his main incentive to perfect holiness in the fear of the Lord. Oh, to be found blameless in the day of the manifestation of our Lord. God grant ns this. Do you not see, brethren, how discipline of the doctrine of graos runs towards the separating of us from sin, and making us to live onto God ? III. Lastly, and briefly, the text sets forth eert∈ of our encouragements. I will only briefly hint at them. In this great battle for right, and truth, and holiness, what could we do, my brethren and my sisters, if we were left alone ? But our first encouragement is that graoe has oome to our rescue ; for in the day when the Lord Jeeus Christ appeared among men, He brought for us the grace of God to help us to overcome all iniquity. He that atrugglefch now against inbred ein has the Holy Spirit within him to help him. He that goes forth to fight against evil in other men by preach ing the gOBpel has that same Holy Ghost going with the truth to make it like a fire and like a hammer. I would ground my weapons, and retreat from a fight so hopeless, were it not that the Lord of Hosts is with us, the God of Jacob is our refuge. The grace of God that foringeth salvation from ein hath lashed forth oonspiouously like the lightning which is seen from one part of the heaven to the other, and our victory over darkness is insured. However hard the conflict with evil it is not desperate. We may hope on and hope ever. A certain warrior was found in prayer, and when his king sneered, he answered that he was pleading with bis majesty's august Ally. I question whether God is the ally ef anybody when he goes forth with gun and sword ; bat in using thoee weapons whioh are not carnal, but mighty through God to the palling down of strongholds,' we may truly reckon npon our august Ally. Speak the truth, man, for God speakB "with you. Work for God, woman, for Gcd works in yon to will and to do of His own good pleasure. The appearance cf the graoe of God in the person of Christ is enoour&gement; enough to those who are under the most difficult circum stances, and have to contend for righteous ness against the deadliest odds. Grace has appeared; wherefore let as he of good ooarage, Then oome the tender thoughts with which I finish, the memories of what the Lord has done for us to make ub holy— ' Who gave himself for ns.' Speeial redemp tion, redemption with a wondrous price — who gave Himself for us.' Put away that trumpet and that drum; take down the harp and gently touch its sweetest strings. Tell how the Lord Jesus loved us, and gave Himself for us. O, sirs, if nothing else osn touch our hearts, thia must — ' Ye are not your own, ye are bought with a prioe.' And He gave Himself for us with these two objects— first, redemption, that He might redeem us from all Iniquity ; that he might break the bonds of sin asunder, and east the chords of depravity far from us. He died —forget not that—died that your sins might die, died that every lust might be dragged into captivity at His chariot wheels. He gave himself. for you that you might give yourselves for Him. Again, He died that He might purify us — purity us unto HimBelf. How clean we must be if we are to be elean unto Him. The holy Jesus will only oommune with that which ! He has purified after the manner of His own nature— purified unto Himself. He has purified us to be wholly His— no human hand may use the golden oup, no hnman incense may burn in the consecrated censer, We are pnrified onto Himself, as the Hebrew would put it, to be His segullah. His peculiar possession. The .translation, 'peculiar people' is unfortunate, beoause ' peculiar' has oome to mean odd, strange, singular. The Saseage really means that believers are hrist's own people. His choice and select portion. Saints are Christ's orown jewels, His box of diamonds — His very, , very, very own, He carries His people as . lambs in His bosom ; He engraves their names on His heart. They are the inheritance to whioh He is the Heir, and He values them more than all universe beside. He would lose everything else sooner than lose one of them. He desires that yon, who are being disciplined by His grace, staonld know that you are altogether His. You are OhriBt's men. Yon are each one to feel, ' I do not belong to the world ; I do not belong to myself, I belong only to Christ. I am set aside by Him for Himself only, and His I will be.' ' The silver and the . gold are His, and the cattle upon a thousand hills are His, bnt He makes small account of them, The Lord's portion is His people.' The apostle finishes op by saying that we are to be & people zealous of good works.' Would to God that ail Christian men and women were disciplined by divine graoe till they became zealous for good works ! In holiness zeal is sobriety. We are not only to approve of good works, and speak for good works, bnt we are to be red-hot for them. We gre to be on fire for everything .< that is right and true. We may not be content to be quiet and inoffensive, bat we are to be zealous of good works. Oh, that my Lord's graoe would erst us on fire in file way 1 There is plenty of fuel in the church, what is Wanted is fire. A great rfiany very respectable people are, In their sleepy wiy, doing as little as they ean for any good cause. This will never do. We mast wake np. Oh, the quantity of ambulance work that Christ's soldiers have to do. One hall of Christ's army has to carry the other hall. Oh that our brethern eould get off the siek I list ! Oh that all of us were ardent, fervent, vigorous, zealous Come, Holy Spirit, and quicken us. We may cot go about to get this by our own effortB anfi energies, but God will work it by His grace. Graoe given us in Christ is the foantain-head of all holy impulse. Oh, heavenly graoe, oome like a flood at this time and bear us right away ! Oh that those of you who have never felt the graoe of God may be enabled to believe in the Lord JeBUs Christ as to His first appearing ! Then, trusting in His death npon the cross, you will learn to look for His seoond ooming upon the throne, and you will rejoice therein. Unto His great name he glory for ever and ever. Amen. 