traveller. j In Its Ruins. j Almost six hundred years before that Birth j at Bethlehem which giveB modern tiine its index — namely, in 582 b.o., the year when the Isthmian games were restored— a cast of colonists, swarming out of Gela, not very iar off, founded Acragas, which after wards became, as Pindar wrote, the most beautiful city of i mortals They could not have chosen a fairer j Bpot on all the coast of this fait island of j Sioily, rich as it everywhere is in loveliness and charm. .Broken and acoentuated ground | gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma- i jesty of domination to the templeB ; while I the wide stretoh of blue sea in front brought | the beauty and burden of ships to the port, | which opened its gates to itB friends and shut them like a trap against its foes. Jupiter and Minerva — or, more correctly, Zeus and Athene — were the tutelary deities of the city. The one was Zeus Atabyrius, an awful form of Moloch ; th8 other was the wise grave god dess worshipped by the Rhodians at Linaus —from which oity came the original colonists of Gela, bringing their familiar deity with them. We have all heard of Phalaris the tyrant of Aoragas, with his red-hot brazen bulls, in which he roasted men alive. Bat we do not all know that this was not only from wanton eruelty ; though, as with the Inquisition of later times,- much personal ; hatred and malice might have been more mixed up with it ; but that it was also one form of religious superstition' of the kind only too common in all faiths. Greek feel- J ing, however, did net tolerate human sacri- flees. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, j and poor innocent beasts, which at the worst j served aftewards for food, were offered to the i gods, to gain favour or ward off punishment, j But save in very rare and exceptional in- j stances, of which Iphigenia and her subse- j quent oult are the most notable, tbe deitieB of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood 1 and tears of man. The men of Aoragas there- : fore, soon rose np in horror and indignation ! ggainBt Phalaris and banished, him for his ; ! blood-guiltiness ; for all that he had greatly | embellished the oity — always a claim on the | gratitude of citizens. Among other things, j i he built a temple to Jupiter Poleius, the j ; founder of oities,' on the sight of which, and ! ; in a manner incorporated with while over- ! powering the older, fane, is the Christian i church of Sta Maria dei Greci. ! Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, ? ! whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real . star of Aoragas. He made that Greek luxury, j a spaoious fish-pond ; he bnilt the best of the temples, of which the rains still remain to attract travellers from countries then un known, bat now dominant, while all this ma jestic past is but a memory and a name ; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, whiob perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality that be possesses. Among others, he built the temple now oalled Juno Laoinia ; that is, the same Juno as was worshipped at Laoi- nnm ; as a modern Catholic might dedicate j a chureh to Bta Maria della Catena, or di j Gesfi, or della Pietd, &s;„ always the same goddess, but with specialised attributes. It was for this temple that Zeuxis painted his famous picture of Juno, taking for his models the five most beautiful virgins of Acragas. and producing a masterpiece such as tho world had never seen before. But the forces of nature, like the passions of men, have no respect for works, of art, whether in paint or in stone. Earthquakes and storms, winds, frost, and fire did their work of destruction on all these Bplendid conceptions and perfeot achievements of genius ; and Saracen and Norman completed the ruin which Cartha ginian and Roman bad begun. And now ite have of Aoragas, ' the most beautiful city of mortals,' only the uninteresting little town of Girgenti; and the ruins of the anoient temples. But what ruins ! Out on the edge of the rock Btands the beautiful and still peifeat skeleton of the Temple of Concord. It needs no great sketch of fancy to reconstruct the past, to repeople the void, to call back from that dim and miBty Hades where the pale ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, and light, and youth and beauty, with musio and song and the fervent prayers of pious souls, asking the benign Goddess of Peace to shed her influence over men, and stay both war and slaughter. The beautiful Sicilian girls who were the realisations of the nymphs and younger goddesses, some sing ing, some playing, others bearing baskets full of fruits and flowers— their soft feet falling in measured tread and the rhyth- mio swaying of their bodies making visable musio to the eye ; the stately matrons, grander ind graver, the Junos, the Dameters com pleted, to whom life had brought its cares rb well itB fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as well as its pleading loves ; the young men fonnning the maidens and falling in love at a glance, as love is kindled into flame by a spark; the husbands and the elder fathers, oecupied with things and indifferent to beauty; the poor dumb beasts, garlanded with flowers, and led to the slaughter as offoringH to gods slow to save and quick to punish, as even the gentle gods of Greece themselves were : — all file along the paved road and up the marble steps, and range themselves within the oolumned hall, whiob then had no Christian arches to block np the space. The oymbals clash and elang: the shrill note of the double pipe sounds far and olear; and the echoes of the saored songs dome back from Bhaft to wall in a full diapa son of joyous melody. Who cannot bring back that soene, as he stands among the asphodels and violets, and forgets time and spaoe in memory ? Father away is that Temple of Juno Lacinia, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no meanB so perfect as this, and where the red hand of fire has left its crimson tonoh .on the old gray stones. Farther still are the nins of the Temple of Hercules, from which vhe infamous governor Verres, he who was denounced by Cicero in one of his most eloquent orations, attempted to steal the magnificent broDze statue of the god ; send ing his slaves at night to prise down the sacred icon ; bat failing — as the pious of the time said, by the miraculous energy of Hercules himself workeing through his effigy — until the horrified men of what was then Agrlgentum, no longer Aoragas, and not yet Girgenti,- rushed to the rescue and delivered their deity from harm. And there is still more undiBtinguishable ohaos of tbe Temple of Jupiter — rained before finished — where the great oaryatid lies prone on the greensward, like ono of the old gods despoiled of his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only the dim and ronghened outlines, but wanting all that made the life and beauty of theaith. Near to these confused rains is the beautiful little upright fragment of the Temple of Castor and Pollux, those twin"sons of Leda who stand as the emblems of fraternal fidelity. The air Is full of old-world, memories, and involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sound wafted by strange singers aoross the scented bean-fields—" dear work-steads of the hairy bees" — and shaken like perfume from the flushed branohes of flowering fruit-trees, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. But their day is done. Their Temple is but a bint, precious for architectural gracs, and beautiful in Bpite of its decay ; and they them selves, this heroio pair, are as dead as the the stone effigy lying prostrate on the grass. " Farewell, yea sons of Leda"—" Castor of tbe swift steedB and owart Polydeuces," " to whom all minstrels were dear," " the twain that aid all mortals," " the beloved pair," "sueoourers of man in the very thrill of peril, and of horses maddened in the bloody press of battle, and of ships that, defying the tars that set and rise in heaven, have en- sonnteredthe perilous breath of stormB"— I farewell ! The present has destroyed tbe and Judssa has conquered out what tha world has lost in substanoe it still retains in Bpirit, and gratitude for beauty may out live belief in its divinity. If Theocritus pervades all Bicilr, Girgonf/ is possessed by Empedocles. Clad in bis purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with golden sandals — what was this man 7 Was he the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent observer and partial conqnerer of nature, some affirm him to have been ? "Was he the self- consecrated eeer and mystic, sincere if also self- deceived, who imagined more than he knew, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per ceptions by illusions ? Or was he the con- soiouB charlatan who traded on men s credu lity and discounted their ignorance? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in the clouds for which each observer has a different form. But whatever he was, he was born and bred at Acragas, the beautiful city where the gods were housod in glory and worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to se6k for immortality in the eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at tha modern town and Btation of Girgenti?, A country barren of trees but fruitful in grain ; uplands as green with sprouting corn as English fields scenting the air with perfume almost as rich as that which Bteals from the jessamine and orange blossoms of the high-walled gardens ; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violets, of borage and the garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of our wild-flowers at home — tracts where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon the high rook dominating the plain, we find but little beanty. Tho women no longer " oard the soft wool about their knees," as in tbe days of the proud Eunice, who refused to love at all that desperate Simaatha who loved too muoh ; but they ara said to be the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgenteae is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional qniver-full. The chief object of interest in the town ia of course the Duomo or cathred- ral, where they show yon superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets &nd; turquoises mixed in with the embroidery ; an engraved ivory staff, and two splendid monstrances — the one of gold and j swells m the form of a sun rayed and banded ; tbe other, of silver flowers, with the Madonnas hair in the oentre. The plain white-washed oolnmns dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the higb- altarorth6 bold carving of the roof; and the echo which seems to run round the waL like an invisible flame was onee the cause of more heart-bnrningB than the arohitect knew when he struok by ohanoe on that fatal angle of incidence. . . ' . . If yon are at Girgenti at Carnival time Mid go to a veglinoe or masked ball in the theatre yon will see a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Amcmg tna Savages and the swallows, the gold-norned, red- bodied Fiends, the Sailors and the nonde scripts who danoe together with more vigour than grace in the platea , yon will not see one woman. The Sicilian : blood is too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the publio and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; and there still exist in these less visited and less, continentalised places, strong traces of ths Saracenic seclusion of women. In the boxes, two female masks — the only female masks in the theatre — come down ever and anon, „ attended by their male companion, to oross the platea for euch refreshments as are to M- found at the baok of the stage. No one speaks to them, and they speak to no one, . Even that group of Zulus who respeot no man, make way for them : as do those haU- dozen Swallows who run in and out w«n . short steps and shrill cries, letting fly liva birds as a diversion the more. _ These two bauds are evidently wall known in the place. They go in and out ofc-certain boxes offering bonbons, which are laughingly accepted, and they dance with less clumsiness and mow grace than the rest. Among the speotatqW in the boxes are two or three exquisite littlfl maskaof ohildren. One cnrly-pated Louis XIV., of perhaps the ripe age of three, aftet making frantic efforts to kies papa with the intervening maBk to prevent contact, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five stalwart men ; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly Bee the father performing what we consider to be essentially womanly offices for a little ohild, while the mother stands by looking on complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied simp, whose delight in his horns is such as one might have expected from a yonng fawn when he first learned that he could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word : Girgenti is now abso lutely safe. A few years ago, brigands might have been found lurking behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now yon have only the lizards. The snakes have been frightened away by the throng of visitors ; oarabinieri keep evil disposed men in oheck ; and bri gandage, like the old cnlt, has vanished into the dust and vapour of things past and dead. The editor feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that's scissorable Puck. Shakespeare remarks that " the good men do i3 oft interred with their bones." That may have been the rule in Shakespeare's time, but the rule nowadays is to print it in the news papers and carve it in big letters on the grave stone. — Puck . Mistress (to applicant)— Yes, I want a nice French maid. The last one I had I only kept a short time, becanss ehe couldn't understand English. French Maid — Yc'llhavenothrubble of that kind wid me, mum. Oi not only nnder- Bthand English, but I spake it, too. — New York Sun. Most women value a olear complexion, if attainable. Helen of Troy is said to have bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the parity of her silky skin. Cleopatra used various medicated ointments and fragrant cosmetics to enhance her charms. The be witching Catherine of Russia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while strange and grim tales are told about tho preparation of the mysterious balbs Ninon L'Enclos is supposed to have indulged in. Our fair Eex are less luxurious in these days, and we find that ladies who value a transparent white skin, a delicate complexion, in which the tint of the rose is softly blended with the snowy hue o£ the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on the art of keep ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply the end of a raw potato to. the face and neck by gentle rubbing. After rubbing, tbe face and neck should he washed, and gectie friction is to follow. Ladies are strongly urged to always keep a raw potato on the washatand. One great advantage the potato seems to possess over many other skin beaucifiers seems to.be its exceeding cheapness, as one potato can be used over ar.d ever and over again, since it is only necessary to remove a litt-le of the outer surface and to pare off a thin slice before applying the freshly cut susfe.ee. a good story is told of a prominent mcmccr of society who has a habit of tying a knot in her pocket bsndsercnier when sne wisues to fis anything in her mind which must 1)9 at tended to. Shu was engaged in a desperate flirtation on a c-:: lain occasion, and in her abstraction dropped her bandkcl chief on the floor. This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavoured to break up the flirtation by inviting her guest into another part of the house As the latter rope from her chair she stooped and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in one corner. "What have I forgotten to-day ? she asked audibly. " That you have a hus band," replied the hostess. The story was repeated, and tho lady, who is a well-known member of the diplomatic circlo, always keepp her handkerchief free from knots now. 