. : ! : 7 FOOTLIGHT FLASHES; : , '!,\'1;Ma.rjBÖtrBNB\\--MissMinnie Palmer is continuing her süccéss in the Bijou Theatre, in Finero's far cical comedy of" The Schoolmistress."-^-" The Tempest " is drawing good houses to the Theatre Boyal. Miss Kate Bishop's poetic interpretation of Miranda, and Mr. George Bignold's powerful acting as Caliban are both things to be specially remembered by those who have witnessed them. The closing nights of " The Tempest " have boen announced.-The burlesque of "The Forty Thieves " is apparently still in the zenith of its popularity in Her Majesty's Opera House. The burlesque has, during tho past week, been nightly preceded by the comedy of " Vice Versa." BRISBANE.-The St. Maur Company, in " The Silver Shield " continues to draw large audiences to the Gaiety Theatre. Mrs. Digby Willoughby, the leading lady of the company, is highly spoken of for her performance as the heroine of the play. The part in which Mr. St. Maur appears is also one which exhibits him to very great advantage.-The Raynor Brothers, supported by some other performers, lately played a short season in the Theatre Royal. STAGE "WHISPERS.-Goethe's "Faust" has been recently adapted for the Italian stage by Signor Enrica Panzacchi. The well-known aotress Signora Duse-Checci is going to play the part of Gretchen.--M. DumaB's new play " Francine," at the Francais, appears to exemplify the faot that style is everything and subject is nothing; ' It does not seem to prove or illustrate anything, except that society applies one moral code to men and another to women, which ÍB unhappily obvious to every one. Mr. Henry Jones's "Hard Hit," recently pro duced with great success in the London Hay market, is a play made up pf old materials, very cleverly constructed, and extremely well aoted. \--In the course of Mr. Compton's season of old comedy in the Strand Theatre, London, " The Clandestine Marriage " of Colman and Garrick will be revived, and Mr. Farren will appear for the first time in London in his father's great part of Lord Ogleby.-Wilson Barrett does not intend to renew his lease of the Princess's, whioh theatre will accordingly be taken from May next by Miss Grace Hawthorne, the present lessee of the Olympic She will begin her new season Tvith Sardou's "Theodora," of whioh Bhe bas secured the English rightö.-The PALL MALL GAZETTE prize competition, in which itB readers were asked to constitute themselves into a body of dramatic-critics, and register their opinions on the actors of the metropolis, has been decided.. The result of an unusually large poll shows that J. L. Toole is declared,, by an over whelming majority, the "best comedian," bar none. Henry . Irving having been excluded, Wilson Barrett comes in first as the " host tra gedian," and, like Toole, by a tremendous ma jority. G. E. Sims is voted the "best living playwright;" those next in order being W. G. Wills, W. S, Gilbert, and A. W. Pinero. Twelfth Night witnessed a great and well-adver tised annual " function " of the working art and literature of London-the ceremony of " cutting Baddeley's cake" at Drury-lane. Baddele^ was a respectable actor of the last century, most noted in theatrical history as the original MOEOS in"'the " School for Scandal." He died early in the present century, leaving a legacy of ¿8100, the interest of which was to pro vide a treat of cake and wine for the com pany at Drury-lane on " Twelfth Night." "Mary Moore," now Mr. "Wyndham's leading young lady, and a very charming actress, is the wife of James Aberry, author of " Two Eoses," and other popular pieces., He is a hopeless invalid, and has saved nothing ; therefore, his wife has had to take to the Btage in order to sup port him and their ohildreni--A witty young parson, no doubt with a wicked wink in his com position, declares that he only opposes the ballet upon prinoiples of humanity. He says it ÍB cruel to expose so many girls of 60 years of age and upward to the. draughts of the stage, with Büch slight protection against lumbagoj rheumatism, and soiatioa as they wear.-«» According to a private letter from London, the stage there is overcrowded. The really good people cannot get engagements, and as the managers spend all their money in stage get-upj they are quite ready to take ott rich amateurs, who are content to play for nothing and dreBS splendidly. Henry Irving, at a recent dinner of the Theatrical Fund, denounced this system, and spoke severely of "bogus" managers. The result is that, with the exception of stars, the acting on the London stage at the present time is execrable.-Mr. Grossmith, the . comedian par excellence of the Gilbert and . Sullivan operas» has been suffering from a sharp attack of illnessi Hundreds of telegrams from all setts of people, including royal dlikesj have showered upon the house of thé popular actor.?==Another copy-and this time a flnö tall one-of the extremely rare first folio of Shakespeare (1628) has been recently offered for sale in London, and priced at only ¿8875* It has the portrait by Droeshout) and is bound by Bedford.---L. Barrett and E. Booth are making preparations for a tttro years' tour itt tho StateSi frOm Maine to California, during which they will produce a number of standard plays. Booth will play Brutus to Barrett's Cassius, Iago to his Othello, Hamlet to his Ghost, Lear to his Edgar, Macbeth to his Macduff, 