L o n d o n T o p i c s . • i t ia.veiy,4riiiybigtofiodmtheLito»^ ZZmi&iut.; nearly ft week after-the Coventry election, . Mr Chamberlain s letter to the defeated candidate. If the editor^ that ^wonderful pnut had anj Be&se; of htiraor, he would hare done hie best to forget a document which contributed largely to the Tory disaster. The Coventry elation must have a moral of some kind, hut after nearly a weeks reflection the Literal Unionist is not equal to the task of raying what it is. J S t Cain ought to report progress. He saw a moral victory for his views in the St. Austell election, and said that Glad- SthntaniBm would soon pass away Lite •‘A bad dream.” • The dream looks uncommonly like » solid reality—quite as solid, indeed, as Mr Cain's ample figure. When he resolves himself into a dew, M r Gladstone’®influence may be a dis­ tempered vision. ~ ~ ~ •*Distinction has come at last to Mr Atheriey Jones. He has demolished the Borne Secretary, and his portrait ap* pears in Panel. Perhaps he was a liitle wrong about the pit-brow women ; but he has made ample amends by avenging the wrongs of Miss Cebs. Many a man in his position would have damaged the case by overstating it i but Mr AherUy Jones handle >it with a tact and discretion which left no loophole to the enemy. He deserves well of his constituents. What a very sensitive man Sir Henry Wolff most £e!_ Lord Salisbn jry ^ bo terribly afraid of hurling the leeunguoi that ____________ mustrious ^ plenipotentiary . entia that he corrects a wicked error of The Times which made him describe Sir Henry as bping in a state of “ animated expectancy." If that insulting praise had been allowed to par's, Sir Henry nrght have thrown up bis mission m disgust and Vetumed home, a calamity from which the Prime Minister has saved his country. I t is the only calamity Lord Salisbury has ever averted, and the nation cahoot be too grateful. Lord Denman ia the sool of candor. The 'reporters in,tfhe House of Lords ignore his speeches; tneretcre therefore ne he mins thinks they ought to be excluded. There was halcyon time when it was an offence to publish parliamentary debates, and Lord Denman wishes those days would return. Probably the public would not be inconsolable if the business of the House of Lords were conducted in private, or if that assembly ceased to make a pretence of doingany business whatever. The officials at Dublin Castle have an expensive taste for furniture. This ^gratified by an expenditure of rather more *W £200 a year. It may be necessary to refurnish the Castle entirely every twelve months, but the Govern-, meat might be requested to exhibit the chain and tables with which the fastidious clerks in Dublin get so aeon discontented. No doubt the proprietor of Madame Insiaud’s would be willing to pay a handsome sum for the cast-off carpet* of coerclDg secretaries. The leg of a chair in which Mr Balfour once sat would be an agreeable novelty in the •• Chamber of Horrors." The Lord Chancellor is not very conspicuous is the public eye, except when fo is siting in judgement on Mr Newton He ought, therefore, to be grateful to Mr Bradlaugh for a testimonial. Mr Bradlaugh went ao far as to differ from Mr Lcbouehere as to the Lord Chancellor’s fitness fora lsrgt aalaiy. “He is overp aid / said , toe senior member for Northampton. “He is not," said the junior member. The difference of opinion between the Damon and Pythias of politics ought to make Lord Holsbury werfr proud. Judge O'Brien continues bis sermons in spite of Mr Gladstone’s rebukes. He accounts for tbe decline of crime in Kerry by a mental process, which he* nothing to do with tbe evidence brought before the Bench. For a judge to play the partisan ■bA eTolve explanations from his Unionist consciousness is tbe last desperate trick of “ law and order.” Lectures which •pass without notice in the columns of 'Jte Times gain no authority because thev are delivered iu a court of law, wbieh is a place for facts and Dot urotchct. ’ Lord Carmarthen ia really loo condescending. He offers to leave the gin distillery, of which he is the chief, proameat, and take a home in Brixton. Perhaps there are Tory elector* to whom | this is a tremendous bribe. They may ■gay to themselves with awe and wonder, ^ He will give up gin to live amongst ns. ‘What * noble sacrifice!" The eon of the Duke of Leeds has not made any reputation till now; bat the marquis,who ia ready idforsake a distillery for a seat in Parliament, is a great creature who cannot be too much appreciated. JPrfifpfiEfir Tyndall tays he will devote hftlife' to’the work of combating Mr Gladstone. This is a pity, for the professor is reilly useful in science, anda comlete"nonentity in politics. It may be 5oubted whether he knows tbe difference , between Dublin Castle and the Tower of ;London. I t -would be a meroy if the ’professor's friends would gently lead him (back tOwchemialry, and persuade him that 3tfr Gladstone ia a solar myth. What colony is yearning for the services -of Mr Clifford Lloyd ? He has failed signally in his intrigue against Sir John Pope Hennessy, and this will be an excellent recommendation to any colony that wants a marplot. The Government h«ajaaat send him back to Ireland, for he si has declared against coercion." It won'll not be a bad stroke to let him loose amontft the Boers. They arc tough customers, and would employ all his ■energies, • The Duke of Jfprlborough, they aay, i* going to mwvj t ^fealthy woman from Bos tod. American* are generally advenituwus, bufrthis daughter of the Stars and Stripes.must have extraordinary pluck. I t may be that tbe duke is going to settle down, and give hi* mind to politics. If f!Lm should happen,, it would be impossible to say what effect a double dose of Churchill .might have on tie fortunes of the.Tory party and the ethics of public life. The failure of agriculture is pressing .' Severely an Bome,nortte families. In one .case there Uft clear lost of £10,000 a year, because upward* of 4000 acre* are lying unUi. ■Not the ghost of a tenant .flan.'be found any a here. Tbe family ‘ vehoe ere.likely to-figure at Christie1*1 lbc£o» long. -TJie uublinHoa o£ a splenetic letter toot’i' -wy »eu ndriwd. The declined- tnrpnblish it. 'pi-dbnb <y c'U the grptind that everything a : virfear ' *n.«* may * have written in •••’th e ’ !t eat i iff this--moment is not fair cun e for - posterita The l i t e r 's time Thackeray W .1 d . rtu itm wg« will, some .f tr ie r t fiusBt wrtOtt who lie u»oq,ht hod liwfllei IMm, ^Tbere iinolegitimate m- ■‘ifflttrti ;in thV epiioderand a piece of fobu»h Ylfritetfgmifcikt, jn rinomon Jost i g j a f to have f;’. T ht m b t afW ill. W e Sot- 6.1 SnutKfield, h at ol tfllffimWd.. that town; . & u u d Boothpsydj Oold hli .wife Jatfly, 'B tf ibtbfc Voij . won w i m may n# fightia^«iui dho. W nul^ I . W Ue <a^| Jflly JO. 