THE VALLEV OF SOILS. 1 e*fcTbT!!£Ath8 !in?00 '""Ktion there i of inf. . th 4be«rth, in the second oirole be^ona tbereitoh of the in niftni .. lr^?enBe valley, ball shrouded I L?i£ TJ>eblowh foliage of its trees ftanWj ^!ath -8 Phosphoreaoent light . ' arT «rr l?-'gii s?d aneQ!« in form, we but blownT «°nB ? dlfferant oolors, sod bear and 2SethU?W.8\nmbeIa 01 8srne'> topaz, kaleM^i y ' 1oh 18 0Be might see in a ' mi»«??.?' . . "bioh rofle<" their treeT 08ts 018 rtra08« blue glow of the 1 8ilMtthoSidii °' thiB lonar twilight all is i of bees-th« -no 80118 01 birds-bua> 1 «nce ofTno ifo-i " UDf9us' to the susten ance of BDj living creature, Even the voiee foliage0*8 et'"ei bodeath «»e motionless notafe!8T Wb5oh WPP'""" neither spring it fill. »l .? cup,CB the ,JS8® of tbo valley and WlaBh,!M ® 7'th D? 80U0<J of melodious film m S 't,hoIde a thick wetting th. I wp?f' whioh 1»» without tte DroJT, ?8B of "ie BhoT "»d the base of ozzzrtt?'^ Mi fl°",ika««« Motto I? J,Bke 8 anoh»nted island, thh «i w L ' how<sver, entirely laokingin breeze so h«» 7ai ®. <3faPc,r.J' Batten in the of the' lake fhitt j? . 6 plMia br eilfoit S T ^an caIm is broken wavea of;Ji f HSre Bnd ther« al<">B the waves glide strange forms-so vaaue that Sffias5*SfsS3 SSS^SSSS SBHwSSF^ ttffie where'thf8 <*i lie upon the bank? Dgiits B>}ore'i or e^'thetr'htt tatTeeti1? .Dp'» tb« thoie T°tr£s 88eBI t0 dw«Spon " ,"lna', pirh?nV"e their Yearns ? S'SSi?*"T iBSJ^Kf i .ndinoorrJrtfwe^m. '?.d by th.B tarribl<i "d P/uto oV the °f0B the Minoi assgSSSS purified by1KS«'«'i8'n a"s spot «»«. aH-powerful" «* XSr «>£ ss shoulders are ranged six nain^ 1*T Hon of the' e0nrnKffiVetarn MSMaaSreAs assarssa"^is®? ss "? .^His ing8^sa^d^ef"'B^Cretj||'gB^gri.gI?1','a'D' toeS^bSto^ °D,y thegM»' w* SSStttttistfiS befaffi-*0'T propoae<°*>. wa i> it to meinm^^^nd^LSkin/T4 ja»A"a&ir;^/Ki the soul will be given the ieiJ^/^ 7' &&&&§& stda'd}bf(be ^:en^eBB£i >° couldregafflp^dAtPShbh0re he oamebi? hilarity. At"nBth he over jSSSSSSPS selves before the two angSef m~ " Curses upon man 1 the world is eamix» to an end, ' njuriaared Qnnnfo ® breach of The tenses?; » theohildren of the rioh and powerful Pti" fore a half century has passed, kiocs will if» mini " if01" ptopie t0 govern, an/the brah nunB will preach in the desert" taa'a deoree!" yout wish and Brah'. ruiied"r?&^ ^P&iSebS;&i; the JaJie b sjJfw smoothness thon a ci.1^1 theWiSo«!B8,r0m h,'S TOpory couob' 6»ined thtb^ of them iht0B » BThnia, and impreesed upon OndMstand" 0tl0a ^ they m'ust ant nf *«hf/U^'it0 bcoTe at onoe the inhabit i ... 1|0''7 pre-deBlined for liim the eoul would lose iiis chanoe of life, and inust remain as many years longer in tiiis valley of I shadows an lie rai^lit otherwise have lived among tbe world ol men." Thin was the olause which hnd re assured CUitra Goupta about the consequences ol the decree. The first BOUI oalled was that of an old dervish, who had left in Mysore the memory of a lite full of holy self-denial as well as the most pious mortification ol the flesh. " You," said the angel, " shall be born in the midst of an honest meroantile family, whose lives run in a groove equally separ ated from the honors which bring care to the mind as from the troubles which rob it ot its strength. Rejoice!" "Rejoice doubly," said Schitala, "for, sweetly lulled in the sunshine of yoar mother's OBreases, you shall esospc the oorruptions of the the world, and still enveloped in the robes of innocence you shall die an infant. This time you shall gain the prize of victory with out the struggle of combat." " To die an infant," replied the old derviBh; " what t to put my lips to the brim of the sup and have no power to drink even half it holds 1 to see once more the doors of life open to me, and pause upon the threshold I Better were it not to be born. I have tested the joys of heaven, now I would know those of eartli. I will wait." And with a gesture of refusal, the dervish plunged into the lake. "The old tool has become perverted in heaven," said Chitra-Ooupta, shrugging bis three pairs of shoulders. " Can it be possible that extreme virtue as well as vice occasions remorse?" murmured Sobitalo, grown pensive. Souls 2 Another soul took the plaoe of the dervish. Chance, or it may be destiny, sometimes pleases itself by bringing together strange contrasts. This soul was that ot a bayadere, who had delighted all Benares by ber grace ful and voluptuous dancing. She hnd even figured brilliantly in the ceremonies of the temple, where, in spite of her eccentric beha viour, she bad the.protection of the priests during her lifetime and, perhaps, after death the indulgence of tbe gods. Sho approached lightly-nlmost in a bound-tbe divine pair, who were seated upon a rock of malachite veined with gold. " You shall be beautiful," said the messen ger of Yams," and beoause of your beauty you shall beooroe the wife of a rich nabob, who will oast all his treasures at your feet, to gratify your lightest oaprice. Rejoice." Tbe eoul ot the bayadere seemed to tremble, as if in BXCBCS of joy; sho oast a rapid glance about ber, upon theshuhberyot jade and tur quoise, upon all the tioh jewels which formed the floral embellishments of the valley,think ing, no doubt, that she would find similar ones on earth with which to adorn herself. Neoklaces, bracelets, and girdles should be hers, and jewels should hang in dusters from the ends of her long and flowinghair. Never theless, before giving ber final acceptance, ebe asked: " Will be be young, this rioh nabob whom I am to wed ?" " He wtU be tbrje'times your age; but that is nothing. Rejoice; for after lie baa loaded you with gifts, he must die. He will leave you mistress of a colossal fortune, free to choose a new husband, and this seoond ons eball be young and noble of countenance," " Shall I bear him obildien 1" " Both your husbands-the young as well eathe old-most leave you ohildless." Tbe bayadere's countenance fell; ber look of desolation was pitiable. " Childless I" she repeated; still this dis honor I" And taming abruptly away, she disappeared, faltering: " To live without tbe joy of maternity is so life." The emerald angel looked at the benevolent goddess with a mocking smile. "There," said be," is a refusal yon oertainly did not anticipate, good mother. An old husband to make her riob and to grant all her wishes; a young one to gratify her tastes. It is not easy to understand this. Is your sex still oaprioions, even in this empire of ghosts ?" " If the tree aeenrsed with barrenness oould speak, Ooupta, you would bave its answer. ' Sterility is dishonor.' For woman the oase is even more dreadful. Brahma tbe divine, by an ineffable gift, decreed from the first day of the world's existence, to share with wo man tbe faculty of oreating- Almost from her cradle she thrills with an aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant is she already a mother. Poor bayadftrel I understand ber refusal." ? " Very well," replied Cbitra Goupta," bu in the meantime we run tbe risk of not find ing a eoul who wishes to leave this valley. We bave tried without suooess, tbo old der vish and the young bayad6re-now let us undertake the caBe ot this whilom prinoe, who but lately olung to the hopeless longing for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for glory, are tbe moving impulses of his class: this tims, I am sure of acceptance," and with a gesture be called to him the soul whose turn bad oome. "Rejoice," oried Goupta, as the shade ap proached, " rejoice, and thank tbe gods you shall be king." " King 1" replied tbe eoul with a shudder. " la the olden times it was to a degree en durable-to-day the position is a sad and cruel one. To make one's-self the exeoutioner of one's own family, for the purpose of stand ing well his people; to merit the chastisement > heaven, and the oontempt of men- only ?. leoome at last the vassal or prisoner of .? ? European invaders. What a fate! My i: !e, tbe powerful sovereign of Decoan, forced me to burn out my eyes that hiB people ehould not think me unworthy to succeed bim. And hedied- how ? Tbe humble dependent of the English king I Better were it to be born In tbe bumble cabin of a pariah than on the golden steps that lead to the throne ot Delhi." "There is more danger than I believed, sinoe even kings decline tbe offer," murmured the minister of Yams. " We are only half way yet," pleaded Schitala, " let us go on." Of tbe two souls who followed, one was offered the body of a banker not too scrupu lous in hie method of acquiring wealth, and who. gaining fortune, should attbesametimo fall a victim to a serious illness, so that he oould but rarely leave a bed of pain. The other was destined to enter tbe body of a laborer, whose out-door life would give bim the inestimable blessing of health and strength. " To be," said one, "at tbe same time in health and adversity I What is that but to possess a good stomach only as an abiding place for the demon of hunger ? " " Wealth and suffering," quotb the other, " a mantle of gold flung upon theshouldersot a oorpse." And both refused. " What have you to say now. Bohitala ? " asked tbe emerald angel willi an air of triumph. " Do you still think it wise and just to instruot men conoerning tbe fate life holds for them, and to leave them free to ohoose or reject their new birth I With this state of things, I repeat, tbe land would soon be depopulated. Thanks to the imprudent prayer you have addressed to BrahmB, there are already upon earth five poor mothers be wailing t)ie loss of their still-born infants." Seeing the good Sohitala covered with shame and bowing her head in silenoe, bo added: "Heed me, Sabitala, let us go no further for the last soul left us to consult will surely, and witbteason this time, return at once to the lake." Opening his book, be prepared to draw a lino through tbe six names written therein, but tbe remaining eoul, finding herself alone, did not await hie summons, and silently ap proached the block of walaahite. By ber mournful step, her drooping head, ono oould plBinl.v read thnt tbo memories of her life awoke within her breast only ead and melancholy impreBEionB. This was the ghost of a poor girl o[ Iiihor, who bad in lito u grievous lot to endure. Far removed from the pleasures which rank, fortune, and power proem, she bad been the sole support of an aged and helpless mother. When, at last, Adisano, the God of Unbappiness,had seemed placated by her resignation, and love, with its promises of happiness And oonsolation smiled upon ber, her wedding morning shone ! upon ber dead-poisoned by a venomoue ser pent. .'Poor creature I You are fatally pre-des tined," murmured the annel. " I cannot say to you as to the others,' ltejoioe 1' I cannot offer you in your now life anything but pain and privation. These'.tno souls who but now were before me refueed their transmigration because they could not possess both health and fortune-tor you I can promise neither the one nor the other. You must endure both poverty and suffering. Do you accept life at euoh a price ? Decide." The shade, making no motion toward the lake, stood silent and attentive, as if in hope that some further revelation might soften the oruelty of the words ebe had already listened to. " Alas! alasl" said in turn good Sotftala I profoundly touched with pity, " profit by the gift of Brahma, dear soul; not only through the continued failing of your health shall ad-, versity pursue you, but after years of inccn ?ant and fruitless toil, grown feeble and and broken, you must ezbaust the remains of. your strength in oaring for your invalid hus band." The young eoul started. " This husband at whose side I must pass my future life in toil, trouble, and illness-will he love me?" " Yes, but no you alone. A rival shall be preferred before you ; from the aBbes of your happiness, barely known before it fades away, ebau oome to you new agony-new suffering more heavy to endure than all the rest. You will be jealous." "But 1 shall love him, then ?" " Yon will love him." " Unto the end." " Ytt, unto tbc end; for alone of all his wives you will follow him to the fiery heart of his funeral pile." " Blessed bo tlie name of Brahma I I would five." To this ory of love, this passionate expres sion ol devotion and self- sacrifiec the cold and silent valley, found a responsive eoho; the trees were shaken from their immobility, the phosphorescent lights and the diamond flowers shone with redoubled brilliancy, and all the phantoms dwelling in the ebadowy depths of the lake rose to the surface to wave to their companion a gesture of farewell. But already the benevolent goddess had elsaped beneath her purple mantle the poor tender eoul, wbilo Cbitra-Ooupta, spreading swiftly hie six pairs of wings, took bis flight to the seventh superior heaven, to seek from Indra, tbc high god, the annulment of Brahma's decree. Indra revoked the deoree; but on the pages of his golden book be wrote the name of the young girl of Labor, and underneath-the name of Bayadere. 