SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND- By Cos.uoroLtTAX. LONDON, 12iii AUGUST. This being tho feast of St Grouso I ought, I suppose, to givo you something about "purple heather, mountain becks or streamlets, swell ing moors, health restoring air, tho crack of the breechloader (rifle tho sportsman called it a year or iwo ago;, nig snooting, rents, agri cultural depression, and all tho rest I ought to pitch a dose of this into you, I know, but do not intend to do anything of tho sort, not even to contrast old fashioned stylo of shooting with modern driving. I Bhall not bo anywhero noar tho moors in August, though, "next wcok, I regrot to say that I shall not bo far from tho Yorkshire moors, seeing that I am hound to ho at Stockton, a raco meeting which I most cordially hate aud detost, though I never liko tomiss it. In tho following week wohavoYork three days, and Scarborough to wind up the week. No mora Scarborough for me. Last year tho boys rushed tho ring entrance, and, after a fashion, played at being Ned Kelly, Stevo Hart, Joo Byrne aud tho rest. I got myself seriously disliked by telling tbo raco committee, in somauy words and in print, that they were about tho sauieas sympathisers with tho brigands. Of oourso, I didn't call tliem sympathisers, becatiso tliey ivouldu't have understood what I meant. I did write that sinoa they declined to engage sufficient police to keep order aud protect tho public, nnd they know that robborieB woro porpetratcd to any extent in former years, they wero accessories before, in and after the fact. This season the inhabitants, headed by mayor and town council, petitioned tho Jockey Club to withhold tho licenco for the meoting. Tho club granted tho licence a# usual. So the races will como off as usual, but not for me. I only just miasod stop ping a ginger leer bottlo with mr head Inst Scarborough, and I am a groat dea"! too fond of myself to want to play ot that game. lam too old a stager, also, to iuterfero with the gang of thieves. It may sound cowardly and dishonest, but I am only saying what most racing men would rocogniso ae nocossarv for present safety, in tolling you that if I saw a man having Ids pooket picked I should just not seo' it If you did tho right and proper thing, the prob ability is that you would get bit with a stone in a stockiug some night as you wero going home, or pushed off a railway platform just as a traiu was comiug in. Tho worst of it in, too, that, you could not dream of finding out who was at work. A pleasant state of affairs, is it not? I do-not cxagserato the situation. For a wonder wo got through Brighton raco week without rain. Did I tell you that Brighton racecourso is ou what is called tho Konantr. Down, wi.ioh waa to a great extent tho town-; property ? IComp, who built Kemp Town and dropped a pile of money thereby, bought rieht of pasturago and general use— 4120 acres or so but did not buy tho freehold. It is now nrol posed that tho corporation shall give £3000 for tho last named and so get the property in it, entirety from tho Marquis of Bristol, who in Lord of tho Manor. When tho salo has been completed there will, I expect, bo ructions because during tho managomont of tho -ace! course trustees some 10 or more acres havo dried up and 4 blown away or sunk or in some way or another made off with themselves They muet be hiding, I think, probably under somebody else's bricks and mortar, and ia that oase tha bricks nnd mortar will become the property of freeholder, which is to say ho lost to be people who built houses on stolon land. Let rae mako a nolo for tho bene fit of agriculturists. A good many of you havo heard, I oxpect, of Hallott's pedigree wheat. Haliett is a brewer at Brighton, who also farmed a good bit of land. Ho had a theory as to improving whent of gotting more grains and bigger to the ears. Accordingly, he set to work and siftod out all thebiggor grains from many bushels of whoat. Theso ho sowed with plenty of room in the rows and between the rows. Next year ho selected onlv the finost ears and 60wed from them, and so on and so on, till ho did procure a considerablo increase, and progressed so that ho has for a long while received fancy prices for all tho seed wheat he oan sell. Orders como from all parte of the world, ospecially tho Pacific side of America. Seeing that his customers aro located all over tho globe, I concluded that eomo of your farmers would like to hear about tho wheat they may have used, and the note presented itself naturally enough, though not being quite in my department of sport and pastimo, becauso Haliett'a farming operations are carried out on land adjoining tho Brighton racecourse, of which I havo just boon writing. Tho ridges of the hills have only 2 or 3 inches of soil in chalk; the sides are not muoh hotter, but in the bot tom is plenty of rich alluvial soil As I told you before, racecourses on chalk downs nevorcan get as hard as others, because, although the turf may he thin, tho chalk always pulverises under tbo stroke of a horse's hoof. At Lowes, as at Brighton, there really was very littlo fault to find with the going, though I never havo seen the turf so dried. There was a bit of a bother in tbo Southdown Racing Club, who have done a lot for tho meeting. Lord Abergavenny, who owns tho placo, is president or tho "club, wbicli as a body is inclined to bo exclusive. Lord A. pub up Maple, tho Tottenham Court-road house furnisher, whoso presence and manners are tho most pretentious tilings over seen outsido French polish and voneer. This was throe years age. Maplo or Childwiclc was not elected Mr. Georgo Baird, tho millionaire, well known as Abington, has been put up thrice in suc cessive years with Lord A. as one of hi3 sponsors, and been pilled with undevinting regularity. He was up for election on Friday and black balled. So were several other people, including Benzon. The illustrious B. was, like other candidates for election to a club, permitted uso of it while awaiting his fate. On Friday he was all over tho place, including tho club's enclosure. On Saturday he was barred tho private part, which was rather a knock, eco- iug that he had been told that he was elected. Lord Abergavenny's lease to tho olub will expire noxt year. "Ho has. stated his intention of not renewing it, since ho cannot procure Abington's election. I belicvo that a reason for keeping Abington out is that the members are afraid of him. A lot of races are for members' horses only, and some for those ridden by members. The present body look at Abington's tremeudons stud, and, considering that ho rides quite well enough, are afraid that ho would win more than one momber's share if admitted to tho club. There ie almost always a lot of hea vy gamb- lingwith tho cards and dice during tho Sussex ortnighf. , A prominent porsonnge in tho heavy play is Mr. Sevier, quite a hoaTy swell from Australia. Benzon is' another. Tho other night Sovicr had at one time lost £170,000 oa the nod, that is at hazard, tic aud the others who had won kept on all night, nnd till 10 o'clock in the morning, and loft off when Sovier. had about got straight again. This lioavy play on credit is childish, because the loss comes to more in the aggregate than tho player could possibly pay, Now, had tho luck gone like this against Beuzon— who, by tho way, would bo Scblcssinger, if his father had not changed his name — ha would very, likely not be allowed quito so good a chanco of pulling it back, and it is certain that he would bo called upon to pay, aud might part with the big lump. You know something of Custom in this matter as regards his operations in Australia. So you do of Mr. Seyior too, soeing that ho was Bob Sutton whon ho made a book in tho colonies. What is it tho poet said — Casium non animam mutautis — we change our names but not our littlo games who across tho seas do voyage. Whilo I am breaking out into Latin let mo givo tho Sporting Ufa's Man In Tho Ring credit for saying one smart thing iu his life. I can, in a way, do so whilo telling you about tho racing. On Friday, 5th August, wo had mora people at Lewes than 1 can recollect at any other of its meetings. Mr. Georgo Houghton's Tho Cobbler — mark tho name if you please — won tho AVarrenuo Handicap of £29 each, b. £, 5 furlongs, 34 subs., 5 starters £200 added. Mr. Houghton, who got 8 to 1 about him at Brighton when ho won, aud so brought back more than tho £2000 ho lost on him in tbo Good wood Chesterfield Cup, lmd liis money on this time at starting price. Tho Man In Tho Ring declared thi3 at 9 to 2. Houghton, who said it should be 5 tol, Bought to show the Man Iu Tho Ring the error of liis ways, but of courso only wasted liis time. The quito friendly discussion ended by Mr. Houghton saying that ho knew, ho did not think ho knew, tkut 5 to 1 was fair aud 9 to 2 not fair. "Woll, says the Mau In Tho Ring, I givo you host for bookmakiug, but whon it comes to starting price, I can only say ne sutor ultro cre/mUm, which is by interpreta tion, let 'The Cobbler stick to his lost ; but there ia no need to translate for Georgo Hough ton's benefit, seeing that ho speaks about halt a dozen other languages as woll as ho does English. Tho chief affair of Friday was tho Astley Stakes, won by Simon Pure, who takes alter his beautiful sire Pctor, and can bo a perfect demon. At firet 100 to 30 was well takon about hiin. If tho peoplo in tho ring could havo eeen how ho wont on at tho post thoy would hardly havo accepted 1000 to 30. _Ho did all ho could to unseat Rickaby and kick or bite other jockoys on horsea Lord MarcU3 conld not possibly etnrt tho field whilo Simon was liko this. Directly ho was' quiet tho flag fo"> greatly to Simon Puro'e advautogo. Ho got tho beat of tho start, and ruuning very gamely and -straight just stalled off Nother Avon. Simon Pare was brod by his present oivuor, Mr. II. Harvey C'oombo, down Cohbam way., Mr. Coombe is one of the big firm of brewers; Coombe, Dplafluld and Co. M On. recent form Jacob had no Bbow in tot Lowes liaudicap. Bearer, was anado favorite. He has persistently- run -just well onough to encourage friends to stand- him -once more, net is not anything liko so good'aa tbOy will beliovo. Winter CJiorry. 'pectus coinlog back to form- The two miles course at Lowes is on the ridge of a horaesho© shaped bay of the downs. The horses, start opposite the grand stand, but about half n milo to the loft, and come round in full sight across the valley. For the first half milo there is a stiff pull up hill, then a mile of level ground ending in a steep descent with a sharp hill for the finish. Jacob had won his race at a mile and half. The time was 3 win. 46 3-5th Bee.; the stakes. £261. The Saturday was, I think, the hottest of all summer. The plungers landed in the first event, the Coombe Stakes, which fell to Kaunitz,by Kesten— Illuminate, who -beat eight opponents? The heavy bettors woro all on this winner. I should, perhaps, explain that the name Combe is local for a sort of valley on the face of the downs, and not a compliment to Mr. Harvey Coombe. Next camo a welter for gentlemen "riders. This was won by King Milan, bred in Ireland, ridden by Mr. E. B. Barnard, who recently came into a couple of millious. In the Priory Stakes Maidenhead, by Hampton — Donizella, 9 St., J. Watts, beat Balderdash, 9 st. 3 lb., and Volcano, $ bt 71b., at a mile. A lot had been thought of Balder dash, so tbo victorious 2-year-old must be pretty smart. In the last race of (he day, Mr. E. M. Owen won on Assassin, who opened a hot favorito in a field of eight, and, to use the language of 'conflicting reports which arc easily reconoilable, " was backed for tons of money " (report No. -1), and utho more ho was backed the worse he went in the ring." There is no doubt that the layers knew moro than the backers. Tom Moore, in whose interest the business was done, was nob good enough to win. E. M. Owen, a gentleman rider, was called before the stewards, and for want of bettor evidence let of! with a caution. That lets me out with Louise. Wo will now, if you please, have a turn at all round 6port before finishing the racing. On Tuesday, 9th August, E. C. Carter, champion long distance amateur runner of America, and W. H. Coad, of the South London Harriors, deoided their four miles match at Stamford- bridge. Carter was born at Clifton in 1863, is 5 ft. 8 in. and weighs 8 fit. 6 lb. in condition ; Coad was horn in London in 1863, is 5 ft. 5 in. and weighs 8 st. 7 lb. He has won any number of races and steeplechases, but never, to my fancy, was a first class man, while Carter has the makings of a tip-topper. Carter, as 1 told you, emigrated to America about throe years ago, and was snapped up by the N.T.AC, altera bustle with the Manhattan. The question of settlement was decided by a N.Y.AC, member finding him a snug berth, and he is now representing the club at the club's expense. He took our 4 and 10 miles championship this summer. Before he left he had remarkably pretty action, too pretty I used to o≪ it Now he goes in different style rather, and reminds one very much indeed of W. Gh George, especially in his hip action. Little Coad, who is a good goer with a long low stride, was not quite the thing on Tuesday, and in what littlo betting there was Carter was a strong favorite. The race does not need des cription, other than th&t; Carter led at the end of the first and second miles, and forcing the paco a -little in the third ran Coad out. Tho Anglo-American went the last mile by himself, and finished the fourth In 20 min. 10 4-5th sec. He was full of running when he stopped. Tho times, were, at a mile, 5 min. 6 sec. 2 miles, 10 min. ; 3 miles, 15 min. 7 soo. A strong wiud straight down the ground was against a big performance. Carter has strengthened in muscle and. wind since ho loft here, hut will never be George's equal. James, the cyciiBt, a man generally liked here, has just arrived, and, as a good fellow Bhould, spoken up for his friend Fred Wood. Wood may be all wrong, as has beonstatod by some people , your side, or all right as James says. There can be no doubt that James be lieves in his old associate, i Tho American cyclists and a team of Belgians. Frenchmen and Englishmen, headed by II. 0. Duncan, who hails from Heading, but has been engaged on the Continent for some years as agent for a oycle making firm, are starring the country with exhibition races. They are not altogether exhibitions, because outside entries are invited and accepted, but cannot be counted as bon'j. jidt raco meetings. After all they do not make much. Howell has not been riding just lately, and all manner of claimants to championship honors have arisen. Tho champion i9 out with an invitation to anyone, American, English or Con tinental, to name his distance and stake and consider a match made. Laab week I told you that I had come to tho conclusion that Hanlan and his confederato Gaudaur were working with a view of land ing & plant in Australia. I cannot bring my self to any other conclusion, nor to join in the general estimate that Hanlan has quito lost hie form, although I havo just been assured by Bubear'e backer, Mr. Robert Strange, that his man considers the Canadian quite played out for anythingbut arranging barneys. Bubear and Hanlan have fallen out moat bitterly, judging by tbe charges brought by the latter against tho man he induoed to cross the Atlantic, nnd my knowledge of Bubear, whom I have watched since he started for his first race, Hanlan is altogether in tho wrong. Ilanlan accuses Bubear, who is honest, well to do, and backed up by as straight a little man as over lived, Bob Strange. Hanlan charges Bubear with appro priating a watch. Bubear claims that the ex- champion is in debt on a joint account for disbursements. Hanlau's sot off is this watch, aud the watch turns outaWaterbury— the sort of thing that you got presented to every pur chaser of a pound- of our 2s. toa, or at any rato only worth a few shillings at first baud. I usod to havo a good opinion of Hanlan, and was on pleasant terms with him when ho first camo to England. IIo can bo very nice, and ho was very nice indeed. Besides ho owed his start in groat measure to a great friend of inino, Mr. F. S. Gulston, of the London Row ing Club, who picked Hanlan out as tho coraiug man when be saw him in tho Pbilndolphinn Centennial Regatta. I regret to say that I ara afraid Bubear is right in snying that Ilanlan- has not a friend loft in England, AH the Bamo do not lot your people run away with a wrong idea. All tho monoy is up for tho race with Beach. If you cannot eoo how Ilanlan oan make a profit, oven if lie loses, you had better reckon on his giving you a better show than you can expect on recent public form. . was with Mr. Innes yesterday. Ho is try ing to fix up a race between your Melbourne youngstor, Edwards, son of the boat builder, and William East, winner of Doggott'scoatand badge. Joseph Nuttall, of St&loybridge;, won tho'raile nmatour championship in a oaual at Bristol. Nuttall has now won almost erery ouo of the amateur swimming championships. Horry Hutchons has been tried to bo as fast as over. I do not say this becauso on Saturday last at Coventry bo defeated V. Jenkins, a fairly good man, giving him 9 yards in 120 and winning in 11 soo. Hutohons has boon tried to he able to beat that Ho and Fred. Gent, who won tho Sheffield Handioap at Whitsuntide and Castor as well, are' talking about a match at 120 yards lovoL Gent began by wanting a start «ow ho sooks to bo on oven terms. Tho Hutohons school aro willing, so we ought to get a matoh. According to a cablegram several thousands of people assembled at tho Lilllo- hriage grounds, West Konsington, on Monday fast to witness a raco between Hutohons aud Gent, but for some unknown reason the match did not take place. This so infuriated tho mob that they set fire to tho grand stand and com pletely wrecked everything on the ground.— or. Ed. J liuney, of Oldham, has resigned tho pros.1 one mile championship. Reason : Inability to leavo an engagement at Scarborough. Finnov made wonderful time in very cold water in early spring when ho beat Collier, of Salford. Is it not a funny thing that our best swimmers, pro. and amateur, should come from inland towus where their only opportunities for learn ing and practice are In baths. In saying this I do not forget the river Irwell at Salford and Manchester. Who can who has once seen or smelt it? At tho present moment there are police notices standing to ask the local rowing clubs not to practice because their oars dis turb the water, and so aggravate tho ordinary extraordinary effluvium. Pleasant, is it not, for conceited Manchester ? j1? ivo Ardingly schoolmasters, W. Nowham and J. Brann, are to go out with Shaw's team. Brann has been out of form all the season. Newham has done well. I am told that tho two will have a sort of half and half arrangement. They fancy that thoir cricket will help them more in tho colonies than in England ; teaching at Ardingly is not much of a life, and I hope that they will do better in Australia. They wanted to go to sock change for the better, and tho Shaw tour cropped up con veniently enough. The regular players engaged are Shrewsbury, Uiyett, Preston, Briggs, Pil ling, M. Read, Lohmann, Pougher, Jim Lillywhite (counting on the effective strength) and Shaw. Yorkshire made over 500 ngainBt Kent in the first game of Cauterburyveok, and this week ran up 590 against Lancashire. Tho Tykes might upset the present county cham pionship situation before the season is over. Tom LeoB is in hard training for the boxing match with Bill Goodo. If you do not get a letter from me for a few weeks after the affair please understand that my zealiu your interests haB landed mo in the lock-up for aiding and abetting. You need not fear if tho fight comes off in tho open, uuless, thatis, thero are mounted police turned on. I have satisfied myself by previous semi-public trials that I can beat a policeman on foot across country. Their uni form is all against them, especially if you can get them up hill at the start. If I were boss of the police they Bhould wear knickerbockers, stockings and short coats. Hutchens could not do 300 yards in 45 minutes in a bobby's uniform, and tho farther anyone went in it tho slower he must get. The Kilrain— Smith match is going on all right. Raoing at ICempton Park was dull, though relieved by the fact that most backers won monoy. We were quiet at Kempton, but our business was gaiety itself compared to Redcar, tho little Yorkshire meeting north of Scar borough by some 25 miles. The attendance at Kempton was not up to average — tho heat accounted for that — the course very hard, and fields stronger than you could ospect. None of tho swell 2-year-olds engaged ran, and the winners of the leading stakes for youngsters woro lucky. Take it altogether the programme was nearly all plating, so I will cut my notes short. Please understand that neither Gaulby nor Cactus would have had a ghost of a chanco in their respective races had the big guus of the age been on the track. Gaulby won £814 15s. in the International Breeders' Two-year-old Stake. Merry Andrew thrice looked like win ning, but Webb won with Gaulby when he tried to do so. At Redcar proceedings were dull. Here arer details of tho loading races : King Milan was lucky in Gladstone's disqualification for carry ing 6 lb. instead of 10 lb. penalty, but beat Aintree fairly ouough. Glacialeno the day pre viously won the Private Triennial Sweep at 9 furlongs, giving 3 lb. to Mirage and meeting Lasso at even weights. That settles Lasso for the St. Leger. I find that I forgot to mention tbo end of the Canterbury cricket week, in which Kent played a splendid uphill game against Middlesex. About 50 people were present on the Saturday. When tbe Kent Cricket Club altered tho pro gramme from England North v. South, Gentle men of England and such matches to county cricket they undertook to appeal to legitimate sporting instincts. There are not such things to be found in that part of Kent. P.S. — Surrey only missed defeat by Sussex. They pulled through by tho skin of thoir teeth, after looking to havo won tho match a long while ago. - This was tho return match, and played at Brighton. After Sussex had scored 263 and Surroy 293 on a fast wickot, it began to go to pieces, and grow very tricky. This pitoh is very deceptive ; you may look at it aud bo unable to find a fault ; go in to bat, and you find what eeoms & perfectly plain, true wiexot, helping the bowlers wonderfully. Sussex in thoir secoud'inningshad 178. Quaifo and New- ham both batted uncommonly well in each inning?. Quaifo looks like getting rigbt in front. Surrey, who wauted 149, had 102 of them for two wickets, aud made tho other 47 with ono wicket to go down. Ci A. Smith, tho captain, came off with five wickets for 35 runs. He may go with Shaw to Australia. He will bo recollected thore as having nearly given ono of Murdoch's teamB a win at Portsmouth when playing for Cambridge Past and Present. Ho got out of tho way of a oouplo of hard catches, which n man with a littlo moire pluck would have probably made, and most cortainly have stood up for. I never forget anything of this sort if a man plays for 20 years afterwards. Do you rocollcot that when C. G. Wood ran his verV faSt 220 yards at Blackhoath he was beaten ju his heat by a baro yard. Tho winner was E. IL Polling, who look3 like being a wonder noxt yoar. Pelling, on- 10th August, at Stamford-bridge, won a 200 yards handicap in 20 l-5th sec. English record was 20 3-5tU eec. Amorioau, L. E. Myers, of course, stood 20£ see. The weather and tbo path were all in favor of the pod. There is just a chanco that Wood, Wharton and Ritchie may moet in a 100 yards or 120 yards race, arranged for tbo benefit of tho widow and children of an amateur who recently died iii bad circumstances. 