Fell iii Love With His Wife.* .::.";.;, . ; E. P. ROB. Author of11 An Original Belle," "Driven Baok to Eden/i , -1 &o.;, &o.; ? ?? ' ? v: CHAPTER XXX.-HOLCROFT'B BEST HOPE. When Holoroft came into dinner that day the . view he had adopted was confirmed, yet Alida's manner and appearance began to trouble him. ^ Even to his rather slow perception she did not ' * seem BO happy as she had been. She did not meet his eye with her old frank, friendly, and, as he had almost hoped, affectionate expression ; she,. seemed merely feverishly anxious to do every¿ . thing and have all as he wished. Instead of t acting with natural ease and saying what was in her mind without premeditation, a conscious effort was visible, and an apparent solicitude that he should be satisfied. The inevitable result waa that he was more dissatisfied. " She's doing her best for me," he growled, as he went baok to his work, " and it begins to look as if it might wear her out in time. Confound it ! having everything just so isn't of much account when a man's heart hungry. I'd rather have had one of her old smiles and gone without my dinner. Well, well, how little a man understands himself, or knows the future ! The day I married her I was in ? mortal dread lest she should care for me too much and want to be affectionate, and all that ; and here I am, discontented and moping because everything, has turned out as I then wished. Don't see as I'm to blame, either. She had no . business to grow so pretty. Then she looked like ?. a ghost, but now, when the color comes into her cheeks, and her blue eyes sparkle, a man would be a stupid clod if he didn't look with all his eyes and feel his heart a-thumping.. That she should change so wasn't in the bargain ; neither was it that she should read aloud in such sweet tones that a fellow'd like to listen to the dictionary ; nor that she should make the house and yard look as they never did before, and, strangest of all, open my eyes to the fact that apple trees bear flowers aB well as pippins. I can't even go by a wild posy in the lane* without thinking she'd hke it and see in it a sight more than I once could. I've been taken in, as old Jonathan feared," he muttered,^following out his fancy with a sort of grim humor. " She isn't the woman I thought I was marrying at all, and I ain't bound by my agreement-not in my thoughts, anyhow. I'd have been in a nice scrape if I'd taken my little affidavit not to think of her or look upon her in any other light than that of housekeeper and butter-maker. It's a scary thing, this getting married with a single eye to business. See where I am now. Hanged if I don't believe I'm in love with my wife, and, hke a thundering ' fool, I had to warn her against falling in love with me ! Little need of that, though. She hasn't been taken in, for I'm the same old chap she married, and I'd be a mighty mean cuss if I went to her and Baid, ' Here, I want you to do twice as muon, a hundredfold as much as you agreed to/ I'd be a fool, too, for she couldn't do it, unless something drew her toward me just as I: am drawn toward her." Late in the afternoon he leaned on the handle of his corn-plough, and in consciousness of soli tude said,aloud, " Things grow clear if you. think of them enough, and the Lord knows I don't' think of much else any more. It isn't her good qualities which I say over to myself a hundred times a day, or her education, or anything of the kind that draws me ; it's she herself. I like her. Why don't I say love her, and be honest ? . Well, it's a fact, and I've got to face it. Here I am, ploughing out my corn, and it looks splendid for its. age. I thought if I could stay on the old place, and plant and cultivate and reap, I'd be more than content; and now I don't seem to care a rap for the corn or the farm either, compared with Alida; and I care for her just because she iß Alida and no one else, but the other side of this fact has an ugly look. Suppose I'm disagreeable to her. . When she married me she felt like'a woman drowning ; she was ready to take hold of ? ' the first hand reached to her, without knowing much about whose hand it was. Well, Bhe's had time to find out. She isn't drawn. Perhaps Bhe. feels toward me somewhat, as I did toward Mrs. Mumpson, and she can't help herBelf either. Well*- -. well, the bare thought of it makes my heart lead. What's a man to do ? What can I do but live up to my agreement, and not torment her any more than I can help with ray company ? That's the only honest course. Perhaps she'll get more used to me in time. She might get sick, and then I'd. .. . be so kind and watchful that she'd think the old fellow wasn't so bad after all. But I shan't give her the comfort of no end of self-sacrifice in trying to be pleasant and sociable. If she's foolish . enough to think she's in my debt, she can't pay it in that way. No, sir ! I've got to make the . best of it now-I'm bound to- but this business marriage will never suit me until that white arm I saw in the dairy-room is around my neck, and she looks in ujy eyoB and says, ' James, I guess I'm> ~.'. ready for a longer marriage ceremony/ " It was a pity that Alida could not have been among the hazel-nut bushes near, and heard him. He re8umedhis toil, working late and doggedly. -, At Bupper he was very attentive to Alida, but .... taciturn and pre-occupied ; and when the meal-'' was over he lighted his pipe and strolled out info the moonlight. She longed to follow him, yef felt it to bo more impossible than if she were chained to the floor. And BO the days passed ,Holoroft striving with the whole force of his will to appear absorbed in . his farm, and she with equal effort to seem occu pied and contented with her household and dairy dutioB, They did everything for each other that they could, and yet each thought that the other was acting from a sense of obligation, and so all tho moro sedulously veiled their actual thoughts and feelings from each other. Of courße such mistaken effort only led to a more complete mis understanding. With people of their simplicity and habit of reticence, little of what was in their hearts ap peared on the surface. Neither had time to mope, and their mutual duties were in a large measure a support and refuge. Of these they could still Bpeak freely, for they pertained to business. Alida's devotion to her work was unfeigned, for it seemed now her only avenue of approach to her husband. She watched over the many brooda of little ohickens with tireless vigilance. If it were yel low gold, she could not have gathered the buttei from the churn with greater greed. She kept the house immaculate, and sought to develop her cooking into a fine art. She was scrupulous irj giving Jane her lessons and in trying to correct her vernacular and manners, but the presence of the ohild grew to be a heavier cross every day. Sh« could not blame the girl whose misfortune it waE to lead incidentally to the change in Holcroft'f manner, yet it was impossible not to associate bei with the beginning of that change. Jane was making decided improvement, and had Alida been happy and at rest.this fact would have given much satisfaction, in spite of the instinctive re pugnance whioh the girl seemed to inspire universally. Holcroft recognised this repug nance, and the patient effort to difguise it and be kind. " Like, enough she feels in the- same way toward me," he thought, " and is trying a sight harder not to. show1 it. But she seems .willing enough to talk business and to keep up her interest an the partnership line. Well, blamed if I wouldn't rather talk business to her than love to any other woman-'!" ;-? '.. So it gradually came about that they had more \- and moré to say to each other on matters relating to the farm. Holcroft showed her the receipts from the dairy, and her eyes sparkled as if he had .brought jewels home to her. Then she in her turn would expatiate on the poultry interests, and assure him that there were already nearly 200 little ohicks on the place. One after noon, during a shower, she ventured to be guile him into listening to the greater part of one of the agricultural journals, and with much defer ence made two or three suggestions about the farm which he saw were excellent. She little dreamed that if she were willing to talk of turn ing the' farm upside down and inside out he would have listened with pleasure. They both began to acquire more serenity and hopefulness, for even this sordid business partner ship was growing strangely interesting. The meals grew lesB and less silent, and the farmer would smoke his pipe invitingly near in the even ing, so that she could resume their talk on bucolic subjects without much conscious effort, while at the same time, if she did not wish his society, she could shun it without discourtesy. He Boon per ceived that she needed some encouragement to talk even of farm matters, but having received it that she showed no farther reluctance. He naturally began to console himself with business as unstintedly as he dared. " As long as I keep on this tack all seems well," he muttered. " She don't act as if I was disagreeable to her/but then, how can a man tell ? Jf she thinks it her duty, she'll talk and smile, yet shiver at the very thought of my touching her. Well, well, time will show. We seem to be getting more sociable, anyhow." They, both recognised this fact and tried to disguise it, and to relieve themselves.from the appearance of making any undue advances by greater formality of address. In Jane's pre sence, he had formed the habit of speaking to his wife as Mrs. Holcroft, and now he was invaria bly "Mr." One evening, in the latter part of June, be .remarked at supper, "I must give half a day to hoeing the garden to-morrow. I've been BO busy working out the corn and potatos that it seems an age since I've been in the garden." "She and me," began Jane, "I mean Mrs. Holcroft and I, have been in the garden.". . .,. " That's right Jane, you're coming on. I think your improved talk and manners do Mrs. Holcroft much credit. I'd like to take some lessons my self." Then, as if a little alarmed at his words, . ,he hastened to ask, "What have you been doing in the garden?". ; " You)llseè when you go there/' replied Jane, her small eyes twinkling with the- rudiments ' of fun. Holcroft looked at the child as if he had not seen her for some time'either. Her hair was neatly combed, braided and tied with a blue ribbon instead of a string, her gown was as becoming as any dress could be to her, her little brown hands \- were clean, and they no longer managed the knife and fork in an ill-bred manner. The very expres sion of the child's face was changing, and now _ that it was lighted up with, mirth ab the little, surprise awaiting him, it had at least attained the negative grace of being no longer repulsive. He sighed involuntarily as he turned away, "Just see what she's doing for that ohild that I once thought hideous ! How much she might do for me if she cared as I do !" ' ?' IHe TOBO from the table, lighted his pipe, and went out to the doorstep.. Alida looked at him wistfully. " He stood there with me and once faced a mob of men," she thought. " Then he put his arm around me. I would face almost any danger for even suoh a caress again." The memory of that hour lent her unwonted courage, and she ..approached him timidly, and said, " Perhaps you j - would like to go and look at the garden? Jane \ and I may not have done everything right." ? « Why, certainly. I forgot about the garden ; j but then, you'll have to go with me, if I'm to 1 tell you." I . " I don't mind," she said, leading the way. I The June sun was low in the west, and the air Ihad become deliciously cool and fragrant. Tho old rose bushes were in bloom, and as she passed she pickpd a bud and fastened it on her bosom. Woodthru8hes, orioles,_and the whole ohorus of birds were in full song; limpid rills of melody from the meadow larks flowed from the fields, S> and the whistling of the quails added to the har i' mony. Holoroft was in a mood of whioh he had never been conscious boforo. These familiar «óunds, I which had been unheeded so much of his life, now % affcotcd him strangely, creating an immeasurable sadneBS and longing. It seemed as if perceptions V JL.T .. . whioh were like new senses were awakening in bis mind. The world waa full of wonderful beauty before unrecognised, and the woman who walked ¡lightly and gracefully at his side was the crown of it all. He himself was so old, plain, and un worthy in contrast. His heart ached with a positive, definite pain that he was not younger, handsomer, and better equipped to win the love of his wife. As 8he stood in the garden, wearing the rose, her neat dress outlining her graceful j form, the level rays of the sun lighting up her face and turning her hair to gold, he felt that he had never seen or imagined snch a woman before. She was in harmony with the June evening and a part of it, while he, in his working clothes, his rugged sun-browned features and hair tinged .with gray, was a blot upon the scene. She, who was BO lovely, must be conscious of. his rude, clownish appearance. He would have faced any man living and held his own on the simple basis of his manhood. Anything like scorn, although veiled, on Alida's part, would have touched his pride and steeled his will, but the words and manner of this gentle woman who tried to act as if blind to all that he was in contrast with herself, to show him deference, kindness, and goodwill when perhaps she felt toward him somewhat as she did toward Jane, overwhelmed him with hu mility and grief. It is the essence of deep, un selfish love to depreciate itself and exalt its object. There was a superiority in Alida which Holoroft was learning to recognise more clearly every day, and he had not a trace of vanity to sustain him. Now he was in a mood to wrong and undervalue himself without limit. . She showed him how much she and Jane had accomplished, how neat and olean they had kept the rows of growing vegetables, and how good the promise was for an indefinite number of din ners, but she only added to the farmer's depres sion. He was in no mood for onions, parsnips, and their vegetable kin, yet thought, " She thinks I'm only capable of being interested in such things, and I've been at much pains to give that; impression. She picked that rose for herself, and now she's showing ma how soon we may hope to have summer cabbage and Bquash. She thus shows that she knows the difference between us^ and that always must be between us, I fear. She is so near in our daily life, yet how can I ever get any nearer? As I feel now it seems im possible." She had quickly obsorved his depressed, ab stracted manner, but misinterpreted the causes. Her own faco clouded and grew troubled? Per haps she was revealing too much of her heart, although seeking to disguise it so sedulously, and he was penetrating her motives for doing BO much in the garden and in luring him thither now. He was not showing much praotical interest in beans and beeta, and was evidently oppressed and ill at ease. > "I hope we have done things rightshe ventured, turning away to hide tear» of disap pointment. " Her self-sacrifice is giving out," he thought, bitterly. " She finds she can scarcely look at me as I now appear in contrast with i this June even ing. Well, I don't blame her. It makes me almost sick when I think of myself, and I won't be brute enough to eay a harBh word to her. You have done it all far better than I could," he said, emphatically. " I would not haye be lieved it if you hadn't shown me. The trouble is, you are trying to do too muon1. I-I think I'll take a walk." ' ? In faot, he had reached the limit of endurance ; he could not look upon her another moment as she appeared that evening, and feel that she asko elated him chiefly with cropB and business, and that all ber grateful gpod will could not prevent his personality from being disagreeable. He must carry his bitterness whither no eye could see him, I and as he turned his, self- disgust led him to whirl away his pipe. It struck a tree and fell shattered j at his foot. Alida had never-seen him do anything of' the kind before, and it indicated that he was J passing beyond the límite of patience. " Oh, oh," she sobbed, " I fear we are going to drift apart ! If he can't endure to talk with me about such things, what chance have I at all P I hoped that the hour, the beauty of the evening, and the evi dence that I had been trying so hard to please him would, make him more like, what he used to be before he seemed to take a! dislike. There's only one way to account for it àll-f-he Bees how I feel, and he don't like it. My very love sets him against me. My heart was overflowing to-night. How could I help it, as I remembered how he stood up for me ? He was brave and. kind ; he meant well by me, he means well now ;, but he can't help his feelings. He has gone away now to think of the woman that he did love and loves still, and it angers'him that I should think of taking her place. He loved her as a child and girl and woman-he told me so ; he warned me, and said he oould not help thinking of her. If I bod not; learned to love him so deeply »nd passion ately, and show it in spite of myself, time would gradually have softened the past, and all might have gone well. Yet, how could I help it when he saved rae from so muon P I feel to-night, though, that I only escaped one kind of trouble to meet another almost as bad, and which may become worse." She strollod to the farther end of the garden, that she might become calm before meeting Jane's scrutiny. Useless precaution, for the girl had been watching them both. Her motive had not been unmixed curiosity, since, having taken some part in the garden work, sho had wished to wit ness Holoroffa pleasure and hear his praises. Since the actors in the scone BO misunderstood each other, she certainly won Jd not rightly inter pret them, "She's lbßih' her hold on 'im/' she thought. "He acted just as if she was mother." ; -. When Jane saw Alida coming toward the house' she whisked from the concealing shrubbery to the kitchen again, and was stolidly washing the dishes' when her mistress entered. " Ton are slow to night/' said Alida, looking at the child keenly, but the impassive face revealed nothing. She set about helping the girl, feeling it would be a relief to keep her hands busy. Jane's efforts to comfort were always maladroit,, p yet the apparent situation so interested her that she yielded to her inclination to talk. "Say," she began-and Alida was too dejected and weary to correct the child's vernacular-"Mr. Hôlcroft's got Bomethin' on his mind." : ; "Well, that's not strange." ' . "No, s'pose not. Hate to see him look so, though. He always used to look so when'mother went for 'im and hung around'im. Atlast he oleared mother out, and just before he looked as black as he did when he passed the house while ago. You're good to me, and I'd like you to stay. 'Fi's you I'd leave 'im alone." " Jane," said Alida, coldly, " I don't wish you ever to speak to me of such things again," and she hastily left the room. " Oh, well," muttered Jane, " I've got eyes in my head. If you're going to 'be foolish, like mother, and k eep a-goin' for 'im, it's your lookout. I kin get along with him and he with me; and Tm goin' to stay." Holcroft strode rapidly up the lane to the deep solitude at the edge of his woodland. Beneath him lay the farm and the home that he had married to keep, yet now, without a second's hesitation, he would part with all to call his wife. wife. How little the name now '' satisfied him, without the sweet realities of which the word is significant? The term and relation had become a mocking mirage. He almost cursed'himself that he had exulted over his increasing bank j account and general prosperity, and had complav cently assured himself that she was doing just what he had asked, without any sentimental non sense. " How could I expect it to turn out other wise ?" he thought. " From the first I made her think I hadn't a soul for anything but crops and money., Now that she'sgetting over her trouble, and away from it, she's more able to see just what I am, or at least what she naturally thinks I am. But she doesn't understand me-I scarcely under stand myself. I long to be a different man in every way, and not to work and live like an ox. Here are some of my crops almost ready to gather; arid they never were better, yet I've no heart for the work. Seems to me it'll wear me out if I have to carry this load of trouble all the time. I thought my old burdens, hard to bear; I thought I was lonely before, but it was nothing compared with living near one you love, but from whom you are cut off by something you can't see>,yet, must feel to the bottom of your heart." ;J"\: His distraught eyes rested on the church spire \ fading in the twilight, and the little adjoining graveyard. " Oh, Bessie," he groaned, " why did you die ? I was good enough for you. Oh, that all had gone on as it was and I had never known-" . ' ?.'..'...' ...., . He stopped, shook his head, and waa silent. At last he sighed, I did love Bessie ; I love -arid respect her memory as much as ever. But, some- - how, I never felt as I do now. All was quiet'and matter-of-fact in those days; yet it was real and satisfying. I was content, to live on, one day like another, to the end of my days. If I hadn't been so content it would be better for me now. I'd have a better chance if I had read more, thought more, and fitted myself to be more of a companion for a woman like Alida. If I knew a great deal arid could talk well she might forget I'm old and homely. Bessie was so true a friend that she would wish, if she knows, what I wish. I thought I needed a housekeeper ; I find I need more than all else such a wife as Alida could bé-one that could help me to be a man instead of a drudge, a Christian instead of a discontented and uneasy unbeliever. At one time it seemed that she was leading me along so naturally and pleasantly that I never was so happy, then all at once it came to me that she was doing it from gratitude and a sense of duty, and the duty grows harder for her every day. Well, there seems nothing for it now " but to go on as we began, and hope that the future will bring us more in sympathy." _ ; (TO BB CONTINUED.) " .'SuÑSKiNi8niLM,oDEBATioN.-Let iny^ds who wish^to bej^ll m höt weather study fthe birds, and think of transplanted trees and shades. No one who had any sense would think of banginga oanary's cage in the broiling sunshine. If he did, I there would soon be a dead pet at the bottom of it. The wild birds know far better than to bask in the sun constantly. Out in the woods of Africa, where I have wandered1:; many a day during the hottest hours, you will not hear a hush, or slightest song of bird ; but get under trees and gaze up, and you will see them opwering, quiet, and open mouthed, under the shadiest I branches or leaves. The wild beasts are ?iasleep in their dens, and even the snakes and lizards creep under' dead leaves or stones. - VIOTOBIA'S LAUREL. ' A SINGULAR SURGICAL OPERATION.-Twelve months ago a young man attempted to murder his sweetheart in the streets of Huntingdon by stabbing her with a swordcane. For that offence he was sentenced to fifteen years' penal servitude. After apainf ul illness the girl gradually grew better. But she always insisted that a piece of the swordblade had broken off in her body, and was etill there. Professor Humphrey, of Addenbrooke's Hospital, Cambridge, has suc ceeded in extracting from the girl's body a piece of the steel binde, more than Gin in length. The moBt extraordinary fact connected with the opera tion is that, although tho wound was in the girl s ohest, the blade was extractod, broken end flrBt, from hor baok, It must have thus turned com pletely round; Her recovery is considered to be almost certain. Scarlet fever is very prevalent in London.,. Mr. ,J. H, Clynds, tho popular English actcy, has been offered aJn Australian engagement. 