THURSDAY'8 CALLOPS AT FLEMINCTON- Bl ASJIODBUB, 'Tis " in the twilight cold and gray" that I wend my way to tho historical flat, intent on seeing the Standish and Bagot Handicap can didates perform their final gallops. All is quiet ae a graveyard as I comfortably ensconco my- seii. rrosentsy, Morrison s peacock on the top of tbe hill utters its customary shrill and hideous groeting, then tbo mosquitos com- mcnco to buzz and bite. In tbe distance is hesrd the low rumbling of the moat carts tn route to tho abattoirs, accompanied by an occasional hum of a Mikado air from my whilom friend the "maumtheditob,"whoistruetohia word that noitlier Morrison nor any of tho other brcak-o'-day fraternity shall apply tho finishing polishos without hie being thoro to have a look on. There aro no skylarks to give forth " full throated to tho morn," as at Rand wick, and our only substitufiS are Host Mitchell's roosters and tho brace of magpies who invariably bang out the uigbt on the two high polos which indicate tbo starting point for the Melbourne Cup. A sweet warble, and then maggio quietly flits down in search oi the matutinal worm. One of the hares, now so numerous on tho V.R.C. domain, affords further proof oi approaching daylight by nimbly skipping across tho course proper. Sound 3 oi voices from tho upper sheds and tho lighting of his pipo by some watcher perched on the fence at the mile post indicate tho touts to bo ou tho alert Another piercing and diretul cry from tho peacock set going tho whole of Host Mitcholl's cockalorum orchestra, and this general salvo is tho signal for awaken ing tho patriarchal and friction/ess head of tho touting tribe, the JtVe noir of tho Flemington trainers, and without whom a morning's re hearsal on tbo tracks would be like unto playing Hamlet — without tho ghost, Tho dark objects moving iu the distance become more discernible by the tiino the veteran " IVarrigal " strolls down to the ground, and just as the Hotham town hall clock chimes four St. Odille's whito face is observed at the entrance gates, fol lowed by the mysterious Don Giovan. Tho pair aro seen to wond their way direct to the lower sheds, in which direction all binoculars aro now levelled. Tho pair's toilets take unusually long to adjust, and during the succeeding quarter of an hour's interval Mr F. F. Dakin's long string put in an appearance, and Medea rattles off a smart round on the tan, whilst St. Odille is doing her preliminary canter on tbo same track. Thus tbe morning's business commences and tbo game kept going with varying activity till eight o'clock, by which time Old Sol makes his presonco felt, and the w"atchcrs retire to partako of their well- earned morning meal. Having thus pre faced Thursday's operations at head quar ters, I must now furnish a i -Annie ol tho prin cipal gallops which engaged attention. It was tbo first timo tor nearly a fortnight that St. Odillo appeared on the track minus her blankets. She looked 6leek and remarkably clean on the ribs, and, as is her wont, bounded along full of life and vigor. After cantering, her head was loosened and sho covered a circuit ot tho tau in 1 min. 56 see., only a very com monplace spin as far as time is concerned. St, Odillo boing in the same interest as The For saken, uncertainty necessarily prevails an to which will receive Mr. Harper's preferenco for the Standish Handicap, and tho maze is ron- dered all tho more perplexing by the fact of Don Giovan, another formidable candidate, being in tho 6amo stable as St. Odillo. It is highly improbablo tbo trio will engage in a game oi out throat, consequently speculators are at a disadvantage in selecting the "pea." One fact is apparent, namely, that Don Giovan has performed a much more searching pre paration than bis stable associate, and nothing could havo boen moro satisfactory than his wind-up gallop on Thursday. Ho followed closely on the heels of tho mare and recorded 2 sec. better timo for tho round, finishing strongly, and with that beautiful, machine-liko action which is bound to bring him to tbo front in some important contest soonor or later. When ever his timo docs arrive I shall expect to see him mako mincemeat of overything opposod to him, and it must not bo forgotten that ho slow tho great William Tell when that mighty per former was iu his prima A gathering of tho cognoscenti near tho lower sheds told ot some thing on the tapis, and presontly Losbia, dives- tedof her winkers, appeared on tho outer track accompaniod by Cst's Eye. After cantering tbo pair extended themselves and covered tho circuit in 2 min. 34 sec., a rattling gallop con sidering the eaey stylo in which tho Bagot Handicap candidate finished. It is queBtion- ablo if Chifnoy ever had this constant daughter of Tim IVhiffler in hotter buckio than she is at present, but perhaps the game sho iB now flying at ie a bit above her. Affluence was closely Bcannod as be deployod on the tan piloted by Cracknoll. After the customary cantor, the pace was improved, but it was not until the completion of tho second round that watcheB were heard to cliok. Thoro are few moro doceiving movers than this son ot Winter- lake, and when tho "clocks" stopped inside 1 miu, 50 sec., tho holders thereof looked at one another in amazement, aequiesing in mutual silence that it was a great go. Aflluenco pulled up with scarcely a blow, and it is evident his superb condition will greatly assist him to sur vive tho serere struggle in which ho will be called upon to take part to-day. Affluence was followed by Ellerslle, who got round the tan iu 2 soc. slower time than tho South Australian horse, after whioh Dunlop bccamo tho centre of attraction. Sanders permitted him to canter for a milo or so beforo letting him out, whereupon the Melbourne Cup winnor settled down to his work in raro stylo for a milo ond a half, and registered 1 min. 51 sec. for tho laet round on tho tan. Thisoorapletes tho half dozen best gallops witnessed during tbo morning. Both Lord Wilton and Shark performed fairly well on the outer rink, while Chicago and Lara also worked in moderation this finishing the morning's doings of the Bagot Handicap division. In addition to the gal lops already montionod, Wentworth, Loyalist and Sedition put on their concluding touches for tho Standish Handicap, If the double event is dostined to fall to tbo lot of tbo Flem ington trained diviiion, I am of opinion that tlio honors will be shared by DON GIOVAN and AFFLUENCE. In the ovent of Don Giovan not being slipped for the ehort distance race, public form points to Harvester and Tho Forsaken as tho most likely pair to furnish tho winner, tb» first named being entitled to prior olaima, ; 