THE GQkLlHBS: HOPE: A ROMANCE OP THE DEEP. ' I dreamt a dresm tb*t w&e; not all a dream.' By W. CLARK EUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wkeek of the Grosvenor,' *' A Saik-r% Sweetheart,' &o.; ?Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVI. — A Terrible Night. — (Continued.) The crew of the Golden Hope, crouch ing under the tall weather bulwarks right aft, -watched the vessel by the electric blaze and shouted to one another about her. 'She'll have been running and's put her helm down and shifted her cargo !' cried Hiram, 'Her fore and mizzen topmasts are gone — everything's adrift so far as I can make out ! God ! if she don't right she'll go ! Why, she's regular capsized 1' roared Stone. ' She'll be a big ship !' bawled Gold smith. 'But the lightnin' plays hell with the sight ! There's no judgin' size nor distance by these here devil's flam be ws.' This modest touch of profanity, forced out of Goldsmith by sheer excitement, was' unheard by Fortescue, who, however, was not a man to be very easily shocked by any number of forecastle emotions and their corresponding expressions at a time like this. Indeed, he is a poor sailor into whom a hurricane does not put more or less of devilment. To fig at the sea you must imitate its moods. 'Why don't they cut away the main mast 1' bawled Breeches. ' W^ho's to know that all hands aren't overboard 3' yelled another man. There she lay, revealed by the light ning, whose Incessant pouring from all quarters of the sky clothed her, as the schooner was clothed, in a flickering veil of fire, blue, green, rose-red, sun-bright. There she lay, clearly unmanageable, dead in the mighty troughs, with nothing showing but the bolt ropes of the close reefed maintopsail, black spider-like lines as distinct as the shrouds, as the maintop gallant mast with the topgallant yard acroBs, as the jagged stumps of her fore and mizzenmasts, as the bowspit with the jibbooms gone, as her tall windward side, with its white band and minted nnrta. and as the seaswMch ran in ink to her broadside, where they burst into vast bodies of foam, one after another, one after another, regularly obscuring her like the passage of clouds over the moon. Great heavens ! What a spectacle to be hold by the flaming multitudinous fires of the many coloredcyclonicllghtning 2 What was the negligence of seamanship to account for this condition of a vessel of probably seven hundred tons, if. it were not that an injured or destroyed helm, or the shifting of the cargo to her desperate heel as she swept round to the surges with her helm hard a lee, rendered the finest skill helpless ? Presently her top -gallant, top and mainmasts went; you saw the tower ing length of connected spars with their yards and fragments of canvas blowing out like hairs swung through, the yellow lightning, and it was plain from this that she had souls on board of her, and that they had cut away the weather laniards, though God alone could tell how they had managed to climb up those steep decks and hold on whilst they sawed and hacked, with the seas bursting- in Niagara like volumes of smoke over the vessel, and the sMp herself rolling and lifting and falling with that horrible indescribable motion only to be felt or beheld in a dis masted hull hove down dead-eyes under by her shifted cargo. Still she did not righfc, and the schooner's men watched her with fascinated eyes, forgetting the situation of then; own vessel, whilst with sailors' sympathy they realised what was passing in that beaten, drowning fabric ; but the lightning was no longer incessant, the vast electric masses of vapor which had been vomiting forth their flames had been settled away by the storm of wind, and the flashes which were now of an uncommon kind of violet fire were irregular and intermittent. ' How many men yonder are going to their account this night?' said Hiram, hollowing his hands to Mr, Fortescue'a ear to addreBB him. 'If a million of money was offered ub for the rescue of but one man, or woman, or child in that wessel we couldn't aim it.' And as he spoke the Golden Hope swept screaming np the enormous sea that swung its folds full at her bows, whilst at the instant a strong flash of lightning that laid bare the raging ocean blue to the gleam showed the spot where the ship had last been Been to be mere vacant, boiling. roaring waters. 'Gone!' shouted half a dozen voices at once. Another bright flash confirmed it. A very hell, even to Fortescue's devout mind, was made at that moment of the roaring, shrieking, lightning-riven black ness by the thought of the unheard cries which were going up to God, the sob of the drowning swimmer, the life that yet suffered the operations of memory and of conscience in sinking forms ! The curate hid his face in his hands. The gale raged till 4 o'clock in the morning ; then broke, fining down into a fresh breeze from the south, west, with the black canopy of the tedious and fear ful night lifting along the whole length of the southern sealine into a clear obscure, with a dim sort of greenness in it, and stars shining. The swell remained vio lent, but iliat the crew of the Golden Hope knew would speedily subside -with' the wind, and indeed by the time that the dense masses of vapor had settled away north-east, leaving the moon going down a dusky red in the west, with a sickly trailing of rusty crimson under her, as though she had been wounded during the conflict and was bleeding, the great heav ings of the deep, the panting of her mighty heart after her desperate wrestle with the storm- fiend, had marvellously diminished, and daybreak found the schooner once more heading her course with her topmast fidded, and swinging and rolling through it under whole main sail, topsail, gaff-foresail, and a couple of jibs.' An eager yearning look-out had been kept by all hands for any signs or remains of the vanished ship, but the sea had stolen out bare, desolate, ashen, and foaming to the starlight and the dawn ; and the long silver gleam of sunrise sharply following upon the heels of day break merely confirmed the discovery that the ship and her company, whoever they may have been and however numerous, were as utterly gone, lost to life and reality, as any bubble alongside, breaking as it passed. That same early beam of glad eunshine showed the schooner as Bound as a bell aloft, just as a short spell at the pumps and a drop of the sounding rod down the well had proved her tight as a bottle in her hull. She had come through the tempest nobly, and Hiram's eyes glistened as he sent a searching look aloft and found everything there as it should be, unsprung, staunch, and taut. Nor were the crew much the worse for the keen anxieties of the night and their ex posure to its fury during the long stretch of hours. Here and there you might have noticed indeed an added touch of gauntness, of yellowness, of grisly sour ness in the faces bonneted by sou' westers. JBiram looked as if he hadn't shifted his clothes nor slept for a week, and in Stone's blearedness you traced the effects of a hurricane upon old eyes ; but these were matters effaceable by what Jack calls a ' wash down' and by breakfast with a pot of cofiee. It was Mr. Fortescue who had suffered most, not for the want of sleep, nor for the capacity of facing weather, for most seaside and many inland curates do often get very nearly as much experience In this matter as sailors^ but because foe hours during the night he had suffered . anguish from the dread that the schooner would not outlive the tempest^ and that he and those associated with him would perish when he'waS'WitMn a few daysof the termination of the ^outward passage, and because this cruel expectation had been sharpened to an extent inexpressible and scarcely bearable by such a heart as his, by the spectacle of the foundering of the ship. His face was bloodless, his eyes the larger and blacker for the whiteness, and bright with the fires of a mind filled : by imagination with thoughts as- consum ing as flames, for over and over again when the storm had passed, when the stars were shining, when the dawn had broken, when the sun had flashed- his first sweet silver message of peace across the angry swelling bosom of the ocean, he was recalling his agony lest every sea that rose black and monstrous to the lightning should overwhelm the schooner, and ex tinguish with his own the life of the girl whose existence he believed depended upon his ; and over and over again he was beholding the smitten ship broken and drowning in the foaming vortices, with, death made horrible by the furious elemental din that silenced thecrieBof the doomed, and by the ghastly illumination that was like the triumphing of hell over perishing human souls hidden from the sight of the stars, and so cloaked with horrid blackness that it might seem as if the very eye of the' Creator could not pierce to the scene where Satan for once was having it all his own way. Imagination ! Yes ! A godlike gift, if you will ; but how much more suitable for this plain world of eating and drink *ing and making money the stolid mind of William Breeches, gazing with bloodshot eyes, full of literalness, at the vessel to mark if any damage had been sustained aloft or alow, and thinking of the foun dered ship only to congratulate himself, maybe, that he wasn't aboard of her? How much more suitable and convenient this mind of Bill Breeches, which a pot of hot coffee was to soothe and a snooze of four hours to recruit, than the intel lect of the Rev. Malcolm Fortescue, capable of seeing sorrow to its depth, anguish in its throes, all things penetrable by human gaze to their foundations, and in a few hours originating out of mere fancy, more pitiful and needless emotions for himself, than Breeches, backed by Hiram, the cook, and the rest of the ship's company, could manufacture were twenty years allowed them to make the ex periment in! He went below, changed his wet clothes, then knelt in impassioned prayer of gratitude to God ; but when Hiram at breakfast with him observing the effect of the wild and trying night in Ms face and manner begged Mm to lie down and sleep, he said, ' No, he could not sleep, his mind was too strained.' ' Well, that's very queer,' said Hiram, 'if after such a job as last night I wasn't sound asleep three minutes after my head was down I should ask you to overhaul your med'eine chest for me. But I tell ye squarely, Mr. Fortescue, that last night's business wur the worst I ever, was in, and seeing as how the little Hope's pulled through it, it should be making ye feel that you've got to know in a few hours more about life and the Creator's wayB of workin' upon the sea than you'd hascertain ashore if you was to keep all on livin' till ye died as old as a Scriptur patriarch. It's enough to make a City o' London alder man, all guts and guzzle, take an interest in sailors, ain't it, sir? all a comin' together— fust poor Sammy's drowning, then tiie hurricane, then thefotmderin' of ; the ship right under the eyes of our golden angel that was scorning every sea that rolled at her -with her trumpet, eh, sir ?' And he looked steadfastly at the parson, for he reckoned there had been education enough in the last 24 hours to direct the eyes of Fortescue with sympathy and in quisitiveness into the hidden life of the : forecastle. But the curate was in no humor to talk ; about such things just then. Had the hurricane blown them out of their course ?' Were they nearer the island than when the tempest came down? Was there a likelihood of morefoulweatherorof breath less calms to delay the swift keel of the schooner and postpone whatever issue was in store? He had to wait till noon ; when Hiram, with Mb gaunt face looking bloated with '? sleep, came on deck to take the sun's alti tude. Then how marvellous was the change ; the long swell ran like folds of liquid light to the north ; the trade wind ' soft and hot as the lips of an Indian girl blew abeam ; it was all a crystal clearness of tropical light, blue sky over the mast heads, touched here and there by a woolly rag of wMte cloud and water — azure betwixt the swells — laughing in sparkling waves which caressed the schooner's bows with snow-like fingers, and which raised cool sounds all about her and in the air. Eight bells were made ; Hiram disap peared ; the men went to dinner ; Stone walked the deck and Fortescue sat list less, pale, eyes full of yearning and fixed ahead where he deemed the island lay, and where the clear blue of the sky met the softer blue of the ocean — still the same unbroken junction that it had been for days and weeks, an ever- receding con tinuity out of which nothing but faith and hope could have crushed tile mockery of iteration. 'Hiram came on deck with a piece of paper in his hand. Stone drew near. ' This is where we was at noon, sir,' said the captain. Fortescue read . aloud, ' Sixty -five degrees ten miles east longitude ; fifteen degrees three miles south latitude.' *' The old bucket's got the scent.' cried Stone. ' WMp along, you jade. It ain't fur now.' ' How far?' asked Fortescue, in a voice that trembled. 'This side o five hundred miles,' answered Hiram. He reflected. 'To-day's Toosday, Bill ; if tins breeze lasts or any \- thing resemblin5 it keeps on a-blowin' we shall be having your island fair in view by Friday afternoon.' Stone took a deep breath and suddenly walked aft, and Fortescue noticed Hiram watching the old. sailor with a curious smile. The ordinary seaman, Joe Hall, was at the helm when Mr. Fortescue read aloud the figures of latitude and longitude Hiram gave him, and he fluttered the forecastle not a little when he entered it and related that the captain had said that if the like of the wind then blow ing held they would be having Stone's Island (as it had come to be termed fore and aft) in view on Friday afternoon. All hands discuEsed the Bubiect over their hook-pots of tea, the biscuit, and the remains of the salt meat left from dinner, wMch made out their supper; and a painter might very easily have chosen a much less interesting and picturesque subject for a study than the Golden Hope's forecastle at that time offered, for the yellow light of the westering sun came gushing and flowing with equatorial intensity of splen dor under the foot of the stay foresail, fair in a pool of light upon the scuttle ; and this effulgence, dimming as it struck down the hatchway, was re-echoed, so to speak, into dueky corners by the flaring and flaming wick of the forecastle lamp, thus constituting an atmosphere in which everything looked novel, striking, and even grotesque. The movements of the schooner curtseying and rolling over the swell as the trade-wind swept into her distended wings of square sail and stud ding sail, caused the oilskin suits sus pended against the bulkheads to swing solemnly, and in the curious light these tarpaulin garments resembled a row of mariners who, in a fit of dejection, pos sibly induced by weevils, had just com mitted suicide. The interior was warm, with the hot deck overhead and internal flavoring of the steam of tea, the curls of tobacco smoke, and the mingled aromas of tar, of the secrets of the forepeak, of the fumes of the oil lamp, and the peculiar marine smell that is exhaled through some occult processes, by sailors' waterproof clothes. It was symptomatic of 'the general uneasi ness and misgiving felt throughout the schooner at this period of her outward passage that the forecastle hands should have talked of the island they supposed themselves to be approaching in such a way as if they could notmake uptheir minds whether to believe in it or not. They had managed to find out, to guess perhaps — but anyway the perception was decided amongst them — that Captain Weeks was not at all sure that Stone's Island had existence ; and now as they sat in their sea parlor drinking tea and smoking their conversation took this form : — 'Lads,' said Goldsmith, slowly pouring some tea out of his hook-pot into a panni Ton, which he tilted from side to side towards the hatch that he might see if it was clear of leaves and twigs, 'Friday ain't fur off, and if it should come and not bring the hisland along with it what's agoin' to happen, does anyone know V ' Well, as 1 told yer,' said Johnny, the bey, who sat smoking on a chest stowed well in the head and whose eyes blinked out round and gleaming like an owl's from the dusk there ; 'Iheerdthe cap'n himself tell Mr. Stone if the island aren't where's it's suppoged to be, the parson means to keep all on a sarchin' for it.' ??Ay, that's all very well,' exclaimed the cook ; ' but thank the Lord there's more 'n one to every bargain, and if that island ain't where it's said to be then Micky Anson '11 want a word with the cap'n, if there's to be any sarchin' as Johnny calls it.' 'Ay,' growled old Breeches, who was sitting under the hatch, and whose natural sourness of expression took an inimitable character from its peculiar accentuation by the fluctuating shades and tones of light occasioned by the vessel's movements. 'That's all very well, mate, but what you've got to consider Is, you signed on for a hisland in this here ocean, and «ntil that there Island's corned across your bargain ain't fulfilled up.' Had this view been applicable only to the cook its expression would have ex cited a general laugh, but as it concerned all hands it created a very different emotion, and Johnny, Joe Hall, and Henry Sawyer stared with faces of real dismay at Breeches. ' Ye'rewrong, Bill,' exclaimed the cook. ' The situation of that island must ha' been knowed afore we started. When we arrive at the part where it's knowed to be, an' it ain't there, then it'll be one or two things for this here child,' tapping his bare, mossy breast with his fat hand — 'either home or the reason why we don't.' ' Well,' observed Breeches, who having delivered himself of a disagreeable opinion, did not think it the less Ms duty to intensify it because it told as much against Mmself as the others. ' Let the island not be where Bill Stone says it is, an' you knock off, an' see what the magistrates '11 tell ye if ye have to go to law for yer wages.' 'What's the good o' arguing?' said Duck, lighting a pipe, with an impatient puffing out of the tobacco smoke. 'It isn't proved yet that Stone's wrong.' 'Ah,' remarked the ordinary seaman Hall, Bpeaking with his mouth full ; ' ye see, Jim, you wasn't at the helm when the parson reads out the figures and the mate walks aft; if yer had been, ye'd ha' noticed the smile the cap'n cast arter him.' ' What sorter smile ?' grunted Breeches. 'What's the word sinnifyin' sneering lite 2' asked Hall. . There was a pause and much stolid puffing of tobacco and mastificaiian of biscuit. 'D'ye mean sarcaustic?' exclaimed Duck. 'I wur once along with a capt'n as: was given to calling the mate by that word when they quarrelled.' 'Well, if it means sneering- like, as I say, it's the word,' said Hall. 'Even,' broke in the cook, wha had i evidently been turning over points of law in) his mind, 'if we was bound by the articles to make an island which ain't to be found, I'll venture to say, hard as the law is upon Bailors, that nothin' on pleasant could follow the crew's resolve to stop the sarch on the grounds that the. parson's a loooatic and Bill Stone not much better.' 'Why,' said Breeches, slowly feeling that the others were expecting Mm to speak, 'if ye put it on that ground, Micky, I donno as anything onpleasant would follow. It's plain enough that we're navigated on 'w&at; they calls a wision,' he continued contemptuously, 'and we're not to know tlat all the truth there is in Mister Fortescue's dream mightn't be bottled up in a man's heye. Supposin' we don't make the island, then we've got a right to consider it's a wision too — one of Stone's wisions, and he ain't wantin' in the sort o' piet7 that suffers from heelu — halu — cuss the word! there's so much slack in many English tarms that there's no haulin' of i; in.' He paused that someone might com plete the word. Nobody volunteering, he ^ proceeded— ' Or if it ain't a what-d'ye-call-it of Stone's, it might be .an inwention recom mended to him by the parson's friends to tell the parson, so as he might be per suaded to take a woyage for his health, d'ye see? They know'd one another afore we sailed, and who's to say what secret Stone keeps hid. It took him and Hir&m; a long spell afore tellin' us whsfc was the cause of the woyage, and cat any man here, recollectin of that, say thatweknoweverythingupand down, fromend toend?' Heshook Ms head with a sour grin. ' William Breeches hasn't been to sea all Ms life for nothin'.' He added suddenly, 'My 'pinion's Micky's. If there's no hisland the whole woyage is a delusion and we can compel the capt'n to carry the schooner home.' The cook smiled broadly in triumph. Johnny said, 'I'm plaguey glad to hear that ; I was plaguey afeard we should have to keep all on in this bloomia' ocean.' 'If ever w« get home it'll be a journey to talk about,' exclaimed Goldsmith, with an uneasy glance, at the bunk that had been occupied by Wilks, the drowned sea man. ' It's lot often that things come to gether as ttoy did yesterday. For my part it 'ud hare pleased me more had they happened earlier than now, with the island within a short sail — if so be as it's there — and Friday atop of the bilin' to make it ia i What does the cap'n want to go and choose Friday for for makin' Stone's Island ?' 'To keep toon to the woyage, Mart'n, to keep toon to the woyage,' said Breeches* in * voice as hollow as hoarse ness would psrmit it to be. 'If the parson's a man able to see a shipwreck tea thousand mile off in a dream,' observed Duck, ' he must be a sort o' wizard. And if that's his lay, who's to know what he may take it into his head to raise out of the hisland? If he don't find his gal there he may order old Davy Jones up and ask questions of him. .find stand by, Johnny, my lad, if ye goes ashore, for when Davy's done with the parson he may take a fancy to you.' 'No fear o'my goin' ashore,' responded Johnny, visibly agitated. ' S'elp me, I'd chuck » myself down the hatchway and break a harm sooner than mouse about where wisions and ghosts has been seen and be in the parson's power.' Some laughter followed this, but it was not hard to guess by the want of hearti ness in it that the boy's remark had not struck chords wholly unsympathetic. Anyway, it was plain that in the fore castle of the Golden Hope the supersti tious feelings which had been excited on the other side of the Cape, but which had been allayed by the representations of Mr. Fortescue's motives and mission by Hiram and Stone were beginning to creep anet stir again, along with the old doubts as to the meaning and sanity of the voyage, now it was understood that the schooner was within three days' sail of the place where the Island was affirmed to be. Chapter XXVU. — The Night Before. But whatever might have been felt in the cabin there was not the same freedom of conversation you found among the men. The fact was things were so near their realisation that feelings were rendered too sensitive and acute by their proximity to warrant full and frank talk. Hiram espe cially was reserved. He was certain that his calculations were accurate, and that he would be able to sail the schooner to within one minute of the latitude and longitude of the island given Mm by Stone, but we was again troubled and per haps irritated by the reflection that should the sea extend bare to its boundaries when he told Mr. Fortescue that the spot indi cated by the mate was reached he might be suspected of inaccuracy as a navigator, and the burden of the failure be laid upon his shoulders, f orunhappily there was no one on board who could confirm the correctness of Ms workings, and you saw how this con sideration harassed him when he stood on deck, turning Ms protruding eyes upon the crew, or directing his gaunt face seawards with a troubled expression, as though thirsting for the companionsMp of a vessel to enable him to prove Ms figures by com parison. Nor had old Stone much to say ; indeed, a wooden look came into his face, and he'd walk the deck with a regular see- saw swing, with a halt aft to glance aloft,' then a halt forward to stare to wind ward, all in a mechanical way that proved it was habit controlling him. Indeed, Ms stolidity and far-away moods, so to say — for you couldn't speak of dreaminess in such a man — were exceedingly disturbing to Hiram, though it was out of the ques tion he could challenge the old sailor's sincerity until the Indicated situation of the island was reached ; even if by so challenging he felt he could make Mm own that he understood he was under a delusion. It was curious, however, that the sceptical captain should have found some thing like reassurance in Fortescue's behavior — that Is to say, in finding the curate on the Wednesday afternoon, in the cabin, overhauling the contents of the box of female wearing apparel he had brought with him. It might be that his own anxiety that the voyage should prove absolutely successful in all ways made him willing to put some hope in the clergy man's profound confidence in the truth of Ms dream.' ' Ha !' said he, dragging at the mat of ' hair under his chin, ' you've got a proper assortment there, sir. None too much, if so be — well, none too much, I daresay, anyhow. How long will the lady have been on the island ?' 'Nine months,' answered Fortescue, in a Bubdued voice. ' An' which 'ud ye rather, Mr. Fortes cue — that ye should find heT when we makes the island,' said Hiram, gulping at these words and asking the question merely to get some hope out of the clergy man's conviction that Stone's Island was real, ' or that she should have been taken off by some passing sMp long ago 2' ' Oh, the latter, surely, Captain Weeks ; yet one would want to know it. But what chance — the ocean tracks are as well beaten as roads ; the Island lies out of the .highways, and then being a little rock — — ' He checked himself and added, ' There are not many hours now betwixt us and the truth.' And he closed the ? lid of the box with a violent shudder. Hiram thought it his duty to cheer Mr. ' Fortescue by being lively. : 'It's curious tile number of garments women wears, sir. They're like full ' rigged sMps 'longside schooners as com pared with men. They piles their canvas ' high, and it comes low down too ; call it . skyeails to watersails. If you was going [ to the relief of a man, a shirt, a pair o' ; pants, and a coat 'ud be enough, but ; here's a chest full, and nothen I daresay that could be done without. It's the clothing maybe that stops a good many chaps from gettin' married. You'll be knowin' of it, perhaps, as a clargyman, sir. If that there chest is jest the temporary houtfit of a young castaway lady, what's a regular rig-out goin' to cost 2' and forgetting that his intention . was to be lively he suffered his large \- goggling eyes to meet in a thoughtful squint upon the box. 'Captain Weeks,' said Fortescue, taking no notice of this talk, though the \- motive was too plain to render resentment possible ; ' the young lady will have my cabin, of course.' ' And you'll have mine, sir.' ** Yes ; I shall have to turn you out.' 'Why, certainly.' 'She may need tender nunlng — the tenderest nursing,' exclaimed Fortescue, brooding over thoughts sweet and melan choly, and speaking in a soft voice, rendered melodious by its gentleness. ' Think of nine months upon an island,' clasping his thin wMte hands. 'How shall we find her ? perhaps in good health, who knows? God is a merciful father. I have prayed to Him by day and by night. I am here by His commands. Believe it or not, it is so, captain. And then the hope that springs eternal. There is in finite wisdom in that saying. One sees the kindling of it in dying eyes, as I have, eyes still fixed upon this world. It is a light that illuminates the shadow of death. Why should it not have supported her ? Has not hope saved many a life that but for it would have perished ? No, no ; it is not spiritual hope I am thinking of, the death-bed beacon. It Is the material hope that is in my mind, born of this world, yearning for this world, tightening the hold of the heart upon this world for the love that must be left if death comes. ?. It will have animated her ; it will be the spirit of life in her, it will sustain her till I come guided by God who would not — who would not — have sent me to seek her if she were not to be found.' Although he was spoken to, although the dark and burning eyes of the clergy man were upon him, Hiram did not require to be told that Mr. Fortescue was tMnking aloud. To the plain seaman it sounded like an address from the pulpit \- so far as the manner of it went ; but the matter was hair-stirring in its way, spite of Weeks' now perfect familiarity with the supernatural inspiration of the voyage, because it showed that the parson's con viction that the girl on the island was as profound on this, the eve of the discovery of the truth one way or the other, as it was wb.ee he made up his mind to buy the Golden Hope and sail her to the ocean they were in. Indeed, if ever Hiram's protruding eyes wanted an excuse for growing moist they might have found it then in the blunt, salt, but hearty emo tions which filled him when he looked at the handsome, sorrowful, pallid face of Mr. Fortescue with its sadness lighted up into a pathos capable of appealing to a far rougher fellow that the skipper, by the impassioned, prayerful, wistful ex pression of his countenance ; and when he considered what would be the effect upon the young man if Stone's Island should prove a delusion. ' Well, sir,' he said, with a certain un couth bashfulness breaking in upon the silence, 'if so be the lady's found all right upon the hisland, I allow it'll be the wonderfullest sign of the horderln' of the Lord as any man's likely to come across this side o' the time that the Scrip tures come down to. An' I wouldn't mind bettin', if bettin' were lowable in a pious matter of this kind, that if the lady's on the hisland ye'll find her in good health. If the beginnin' turns out right, It'll be all plain sailing' after ; everything '11 be as you could wish. The job in) the begin ning ; for though I can wait as well as another, yet I'd give, two good pounds in money down at this moment if Stone or Breeches or any of the men 'ud sing out that that there camel-shaped hisland o' your wifiion was in sight over the bow. If that beginning's all right there'll be ne'er a kink- in the rest of it, so I believe. If 11 be all smooth and easy coiling down. 'Taint likely heaven 'ud start a gentleman on a herrand of this kind to disappoint Mm. Fust make the hiriand, and all the rest's warranted.' The steady trade wind swept its warm breath into the crowded canvas of the Bchooner, and the log gave her a speed of ten marine miles an hour. All Wednes day she travelled thus, and Thursday found the wind with even more weight in it, and the schooner bending her shining fabric of canvas far over to the leeward sparkling blue, It was a day such as Fortescue had beheld in his dream when the vision of the Indiaman rose stately amid a scene of wMte sun&Mue;, and run ning, flashing waters. It was as though the Golden Hope knew that the limits of her ontward passage were almost reached. The men seemed to witness a new beauty in her ; it was like an impulse from a familiar object inspiring a deeper perception that found a novelty of loveliness in what before had been familiarly beautiful only. The surges tumbled in silver over the blue folds of the solemn-breathing northward trending swell; the dazzle of the sun shine filled the wind wiih tremblings of radiance and the harp-like singing among the rigging sounded like an interpretation of the vibratory shining of the moving effulgent atmosphere. A f aintnesa as of pearl appeared to brim over in liquid light from the edges of the sails, and to create a wMteness in the blue a yard wide from the bolt rope to where the azure came down to the full and brilliant cloths in a flow of exquisite transparent azure. Fiona either bow the salt surge broke away in asmoke of crystal particles, and it wa3 noticed that at moments when the schooner dipped her head there hung in the blue translucency ere ib was coiled over into foam by the shearing of the cut water, the misty golden image of an angel with trumpet at mouth as though the caressing deep had sent from its heart an emblem of triumphant hope to gild the liquid path over which the schooner's figure-head proudly rose and fell. But the ocean was bare, and had been bare for days, saving the foundered ship, whose presence in those waters was refer able, as Hiram thought, to the accident of stormy weather beating her eastwards and eventually overwhelming her in the great storm. Never before had the sense of the vastness and desolation of the sea been keener in Fortescue. He, all daylong directing his eyes from one bow to the other with wild importunate search for the island, wMch, he would conceive, might be nearer than Hiram imagined, since Stone may have misreckoned its place by some leagues — he gazed at the limitless sea-line, the shiningmiles going from right and left into the sky from the schooner's Bides till the immensity of what he sur veyed filled his soul with an oppression that was like the despondency of mania. How else to express what he felt ? It was his darling he thought of — that lone star amid this gleaming immensity wMch lay bare to the sky for thousands of miles — and fancies of her made the ever receding horizon an insupportable contemplation. All day long he remained on deck. No food crossed Ms lips ; indeed, he could not eat. Both Hiram and Stone left Mm to himself . They were awed by the breath less yearning look of the man taking in the sea on either bow from the bowsprit to the fore rigging. It was not wonder ful, it is true, to Hiram that he should be keeping this strict continuous vigil or watch, because the captain argued that if Stone's Island were real the old seaman might have wrongly calculated its situa tion by some miles, whereby it would be sighted sooner or later than the time he reckoned on reaching the latitude and longitude named. What struck Hiram, as it struck Stone, ay, and the men for ward, as you would have noticed by ob serving the glances they directed at the curate, was the half-rapt, half- distressed expression of his face — such a look, per haps, as he wore in his sleep, when the machinery of his dream had opened the ocean- island tohis mind's sight, and showed Agatha upon it appealing to him. In deed some of the men thought Mm possessed, and were shy of going aft or passing along the portion of tile deck he might be striding. He never seemed weary of walking. Sometimes he would come to a stand, and grasping a pin or a backstay send his gaze full of fire round the sea to either quarter, and then re sume his walk. Stone was more affected than Hiram. The principal idea put into the skipper by Fortescue's: manner was — ' If the island's a delusion of Stone's, what in the name of all that's holy will the parson feel and think and dew when I has to tarn to and say, well, I can't find the hisland ?' Hiram's sympathy hadn't length enough to go much, further than that. But Stone seemed to see Fortescue in his original character — that of the mystic, the dreamer, slightly deranged, wrong headed, may be, on a point or two, and so confiding in his own Imaginations as to make him a pathetic subject for thought. Not that old Stone could have ex pressed his ideas ; but perception has no reference to words, and the veriest landsman may perhaps like to know that it is possible for the humblest and moat unlettered sailor to have fancies and un derstandings of things which, if robed in Miltonic language, would discover the re gality of Miltonic thought. Hence there was mingled with Stone's compassionate fear that the curate's dream might prove nothing but a delusion, a reverence for and awe of the sort of transformation that had been wrought in him by his silence, his restlessness, his passionate vigilance, the strange expression in his face, startling for its indefinableness. Hiram noticed the fascination with which the old sailor would watch the clergyman, swiftly sinking or diverting bis gaze if Fortescue looked his way ; and it rendered the Bkipper more and more dubious of ' Bill's Island' as a fact. ' Depend upon it,' he thought to Mm self, 'This here manner of the curate's is appealing to Bill's capacity of acting under delusions hiaself . A pretty look out if the island's a lie. But I don't care ; there's no conglomerate' of the sun's haltitode. If my navigation ain't accepted he must sMp another cap'n.' And Mr. Fortescue himself. Well, he was feverishly restless, as how could he fail to be, since, if the breeze held, next day was to show him the limit of his long, long journey, and to verify or disprove the most vital part of his wonderful dream? It was nqt unnatural that he could not eat ; or that fighting with some fearful doubt inspired by Hiram that Stone's Island was a flight of senile im agination, he should keep a thirsty gaze fixed upon the sealine for any shadows wMch might arise there, soothing his present dread of ultimate disappointment by the anticipation of Hiram's reckon ing ; or that he could not rest, seeing what to - morrow might signify, and how fast to - day was waning. His mind was agitated to its depths. The look upon his face of human distress, mingled with spiritual hope, was the fixed shadow indicating the inward mo tions—a thousand feelings corresponding with and combining to that marble-like fixity of facial revelation. The chill of fear corrected the ardency of imagination, or many times he must have broken into transports by thinking of the meeting — if ehe were there to receive Mm. The sun Bank in glory; the burning crimson floated to the zenith, and a bright star in the east flashed diamond-like through the wind that blew rose-colored on the schooner's starboard beam. The splendour quickly died, the orange-tinted foam faded into a pallid glimmering along side, and the fresh wind chased the rush ing schooner under a sky of velvet-black, brilliant with orbs, with here and there a steam- like cloud that looked like a dim and infinitely remote constellation. The influence of Fortescue's manner was npon the vessel, and it was to be strangely felt when the liquid luminous duakcama down in the hush, as of expectation, though there were figures of men moving; forward, and the glowing tips of tobacco; pipes. It was such weather as needed no 'standing by,' yet instead of coiling: themselves away for a snooze in odd corners, the watch on deck lightly trod here and there, peering over tha- Bide at the sea-line with a kinot of anxious curiosity in their way, as though they had borrowed from the- clergyman the feeling that the island might be made out against the low downt stars at any moment, and they could nofr rest for the desire to see it, and what might show upon it even in the darkness, so full of the supernatural was the idea of? it to them. Sometimes there would be a faint glare- of lightning in the south-west, like the dim sheen of Home gigantic violet-tinted lamp flashed upon the sky from behind' the sea ; again and again meteors of mag* nificence, trailing clouds of splendor, swept their sparkling dust under tha stars, and Fortescue thought of thet bright exhalation that had leapt and sailed and vanished over the mastheads off the Verulam as he marked her melting into the dusk past the English Foreland. The water was fiery with phosphorus, and standing to leeward whenever tile schoonea clove a longer sea than usual, you'd mark the brassy glare rising to the rounded cloths and for the moment making tha whole configuration of tile fabric ghastijf with this churchyard radiance as iti leaned under the sweeping stars. From time to time the log was hove ; and this! was the only feature of the schooner's! life that Fortescue seemed to notice 5 the rattling of the reel was a summons ta Mm ; he would start and go to the lea quarter, and there stand like a spectre— save but for his sleepless eyeB, wMchv shone gleaming to the bull's-eye the mam who turned the glass held to show tha running of the sand ; whilst Stona or Hiram dragged in the length of thei line through the glittering, eddying spangles of the wake ; and whenever tha speed was named he moved forward again, flitting from side to side just before the mainmast, with rests between, which, he'd take with his arms crossed upon tha rail, staring out into the windy starlitj night. Hiram went below shortly after S o'clock to sleep, but the general un- easiness, curiosity, wonder — what wasr the mental perturbation that was felff throughout to be called ? — was in Mm a$ in the rest. He woke at five bells, half* past 10, and though his watch below was not up till midnight, he pulled on hist boots and came on deck. He had nofe doubted to learn that Mr. Fortescue had gone to his bed ; and it startled him almosfr to see the curate's tall dark figure, standing erect at the lee rail, one band upon it, and his gaze — as the risen moon showed ib— » bent athwart the running luminous surgesp to the horizon. Stone, pipe in mouths' paced quietly to windward near the tiller, the rope of wMch was in the grasp o£ William Breeches. 'Has he been a talkin' to ye at all since I left the deck, Bill 1' said Hiram. ' Ne'er a word.' ' But what's his object in keepin' thisf look- out? What doea he hope to seef Your bearings is some leagues distant yet* He knows that.' 'They was furder off this morning,1*! said Stone, 'yet he was looking ouf; then.' 'Perhaps he wants to be the fust to- sight the hisland, or maybe he's on tha look out for a flare. Bein' a lan'smans there's no tellin' what's runnin' in hlsl head, and bein' a parson besides, who's tor know he ain't got another wision in front; of him all this time 2' said Breeches in « gruff whisper, like a rook's subdued croak* ' I wish he'd tarn in '; damme, if if: don't make the bloomia' weather feel crawly with cold to see r-irn a watcMn' an? awatchinV muttered Hiram. 'Dew'* wettin' as rain, too, spite of thishera suction of wind. He'll be catchin' cold and takin'hinflammationof the brain ? '* ''Pears to me as if he'd got thaS already,' said Breeches, spitting over tha taffrail. ' ' Taint so much look out he's keepin','^ said Stone thoughtfully, 'as that he'sf prayin' 1 Not exactly prayin', but sitting as the Papishes do in church, a meditatinV No, itaint' prayin'. It's the sort off thinkin' like what a man hindulges in when he sits on the grave Of his wife off child. Th' Almighty's near, and so is tha spirit of the bein' the man mourns. Atr least so the man thinks, and if ye was to- say no to him, ye'd find it easier to spealc the word than prove it.' Fortescue crossed the deck, and stood looking at the windward sea. 'I allow,' continued Stone, speakingj quietly, 'talkin' this here night to ba the eve of the discovery the woyage was) undertaken to make, he's given up Ma mind to contemplation, and don't meant to tarn it.' ' Well, it's my duty to advise Mm tdt' go below and take some rest, and I'll dot ft,' exclaimed Hiram, hardly gathering all Stone's meaning, and not' liVing what! he could understand, since it seemed int in his sight to exhibit the old fellow as* being pretty nearly as bad in his wa$f as Mr. Fortescue was in his ; and so say ing he stepped up to the clergyman, butt not with half the courage with wMch ha would have jumped overboard to save » man. 'You're making a long watch of it, Bir,' said he softly. ' You'll forgive met for saving there won't be much to see thisr night, allowin' Stone's reck'nings to ba near the truth.' The curate turned quickly to look a£ him with the manner of one lost in * waking dream. ' I should not be able to sleep,' he answered, 'if I went below. The breezg bears us regularly onwards, and it holds'^ as you believed it would. Should it lasfc through the night we may hope to sighfe the island to-morrow 1' ' If it's there, sir. I've steered yodt true to Stone's calculations. If the island'* there, and this wind holds, it should be ia sight to-morrow.' ' It would be like imprisonment to g-- below, ' exclaimed Fortescue in af everisMjF nervouB voice, and taking a stride so a& to compel Captain Weeks to walk witbl him. 'Think what to-morrow may signify to me.' 'Ay, sir, and to me,' said Hiram* 'It'll be a bad job if th' horizon keep* clear all day, for I know what'll be youfi feelin's jest as I know what mine'll be.' 'Suppose we should not sight the} island to-morrow, what will you do 2' ' Whatever you wish, sir.' 'No, no,' exclaimed Fortescue, witht passionate energy. 'I don't mean thafe#* You will surely encourage me ; you will presume that Stone may have mis* judged its bearings, you will propose a circuit, aye, even if it should be sixty leagues in diameter, and sail round it anxl across it again and again. Great God, man ! If that island is not in this, ocean, if it is a deception, I— I——' He reeled, and Hiram grasped his arm to steady him, They came to a stand, and the captainv afterwards said that the clergyman's eyes shone in the moonlight like the flashings of that radiance off red glass. Forward two or three figures were restlessly moving; theshailing Bound of the bows resembling the noise of a pair of skates hissing under a man flying over polished ice, came with a sharp distinctness from alongside, where the wMte water wafif smoking past in undulating folds of » steam-like tint. Stone stood motionless! on tile quarter, and the main boom swung; strained by the pressure that was giving s cast-iron hardness to the great surface o£ sail whose foot it spread. 'Mr. Fortescue,' said Hiram quietly but firmly, ' there'll be nothen to see by watchin'. The winds gathered weight since eight bells, and th' hatmosphere'i* thickened a bit to it. Th' island 'ud need to be a sight bigger than it is to blot 9 Star out tin it wur almost aboard. 'Try and getaome rest, bit. Sleep'li hearten jre to meet 'whatever to-morrow may faring.' Fortescue pressed bis band convulsively io his forehead. 'If I am disappointed,' he exclaimed feebly, ' I shall fear my reason.' ' Fear that it'll go adrift ?' said Hiram, forcing a laugh that was louder than he intended it should be, and that ran like a jaieigh through the wind. *? No cause to .alarm yourself about that, sir. I allow ihat nature let go the anchor in pretty crater, and that your hintellects a ridin' ±o a uncommonly long scope, but there's xlo fear of partin,' and no fear of draggin'. ^Mustn't think of such things, sir. It's ^hinkin' that does it. There's naught like common objects to keep the mind .Straight. Time was when I had queer Ideas -which I didn't like, and was that aiarviss that I didn't dare look over a clift. I got rid of them imaginations by ?dwellin' on. common objects. I'd out *ith a stick «' baccy, say, and fall to ?uminatin' on it, and thinkin' of the ?darkeys as cut it down and made it up, and the molasses in it and the likes o' ±hat. If so be the island shouldn't prove to l-e where Stone says it is, if so be, Mr. Tortescue, as we can't find it, sir, arter a long sail round, as you say, and arter *atchin' about for it, why then you must tarn to and reckon .your dream was right ?only so far as it proved true and no furder, ?And that you'll hear of the lady as bein' *aved and waitin for ye in England when jsre returns.' It was well- intentioned talk, but too much for Mr. Fortescue. There was only one way of getting rid of Hiram, -who, to ihe clergyman's nervous mind, seemed to suggest that he did not like the idea of leaving him to wander alone on desk, iiaugiug over the side and sending passion ate looks towards the starry dimness on \- either bow. 'Well, you may be right, Captain 'Weeks,' he said wearily, so exhausted ?rith his long watching, his fasting, his emotions, that he could have prayed for the relief of tears ; 'I will go below. I find the wind cold of a sadden, and,' he ^added, pressing the sleeve of his coat, ' the dew is as wetting asa shower of rain. ?Ctood night.' (To be continued.) 