MEETING NIGHT. , The German professor, when ho had'fin ished our lesson, and was waiting for the thunder shower to pass-for, though ho had brought his big bluo umbrella, he did not caro to faco the flashes of lightning-suddenly turned to us, and said: . . , " It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold-" . ... We looked up at him and w,aited. Wo know he was about to toll us a story j. lie al ways began in this way, without preface, , . 11 In my native village," ho1 said, " people beliovo that wboovor will go alono to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which wo call' Meeting Night,' and with his own blood, and a quill from'a bird's wing, write the name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the fpot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him, Toople be lieve this, but vcj'y few flve'r try tlio spell, When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one's own blood Is,rather a solemn proceeding,especially in an empty church at.midnight, ; " One'man who had lost bis sweetheart did it, They said he saw her, but he bled ,tb death from the wound he gave himself to get tho blood, having accidentally, severed <an artery, "When I left the town,the custom was spokonof as amongst tho things of tho past, 1 loft in baste, X had had a quarrel with my eousi n Leopold, Tho quarrel was. about a lady I loved, Fritz Wagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the'spot, Wo met in tho groat open clearing in the heart of tho pine woods often used boforo for the same purpose. It was dawn-tho pink dawn of summer, I can see him now, stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword, in his band, He looked at mo reproachfully, but not angrily, I was furious, Tho word was given. I did my best to wound him, He merely defended himself. Then ho lay on the ground at ray feet, nnd my second nurried mo away, put on my coat, and dragged hie to where a car. rlage awaited 1110. '"Go!" he said, ' The quicker tho bettor! You have killed your cousin Leopold, This place will not bo safe for you. " Tho coaohman'drove furiously, As for mo, I was In a sort of dream. 1 Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so?' I asked myself, Then I replied !: ' He deserved it. Ho de served it. I did well.' " The next day I left Germany. 1 came to Australia, I established myself here. One day, in the midst of the great throng in Col lins Street, I mot Fritz Wagner, He looked like a ghost--gray, hollow-cheeked-scarcely more than ft skeleton. V' You see It,' he.sald, as I glanced at him; II am dying, This Is my address, Do not come until I send for you j but when I do, como at once, Swear It,' "1 JTy frlond,' I said, 'let me como before that, Let mo help you if I can,' "1 No,' I10 said, * no j' and turned away. .' Three: months- nftenvards a' messenger oamo to njo nt midnight, and said ; ;' ; " 'Frit/, Wagner has sent: for you,' " I found him dying, but ho bad strength to apeak, Frederick,' ho said,' I have ft confession to make, I lied about Thcrese, r was In love with her, When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and all the rest, it was true enough ; but the Leopold was her sister's littlo baby, named after your cousin. You understood that I meant the man. I took ~njy oath to the truth of my statement, For that, I am suffering the torments of the lost,' " With these terrible words on his lips, ho died, '. AiyJ now remorse seized me, I suffered agonies when I remembered my true love, Tberese, and my dear cousin, Leopold, I could not rest, I know nothing of tho fate of my friends in Germany, but I resolved at last to return and see Thereso, who, if she lived, was forty years old, and beg her for glveness, and to give myself up to the authori ties as ray cousin's murderer, This, 1 fancied, would ho an expfrution, ? "I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia lorevor, and sailed in the next steamer for my native homo, ; ' travelled, many miles over . land to reach tho village after leaving tho ocean, -At Inst.I roncbed It lato ontfio night of a stormy summer day, I walked from tho station to ftn,d °n "V w*y tho lightning,: flashed through the heavens, I passod a tree riven from top to root by a recent stroke, and saw at my feet a littlo dead bird, killed when the great pine was smitton, ' a Iflld it aside on the moss, As I did so a feather fell from its broken wfogjfimlon the instant it occurred to me that this very night was tho mystic Meeting Night, and that it was with tho quill of a bird that one wroto tho name of tho spirit one wished to meet at tbo altar's foot, 1 had little faith in the superstition; but I. was in a strange mood, and beyond'shone the win.: aowa of tho cathedral, opon day or nieht to any worshipper. " I soized . tho little quill. I turned my'. stops toward the saured'ediflee. It was empty, I entered. The lights burn palely, few and far between. I passed up tho aisle, and kneeling, took a knife from my pocket and thn mf i n D ° having pointed the littlo quill, 1 dipped it in my blood and wrote the name of Leopold. Tho thunder rolled overhead as I did so. The colors of tho [painted windows grew brilliant as tho lightning flashed, and then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my name--' Frederick I" It came from above. I looked up; In the gallery stood a figure all in black, save for a white band upon its fore-, head. It had tho face of Thereso, but paler, thinner, Its white hands wore hers, It j wretched them out towards mo, as in greet. Ing, It waved them in farewell, It was' ofono. "A spirit had appeared to mo-Therese's spirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on ; my knees, powerless to move, I awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again I was, iccorded a vision, Leopold stood there-a Jad, gray Leopold-but I knew him, i' uttered his name. lie .answered ; ? . / "' Ts it Frederick ?' ! «< Ghost of my friend,' I replied,'I have returned to mako expiation. Fritu Wrtgnev lied to me, and so I loft my love, and mur« ilered you, I have discovered tho truth, t i return to give myself to justico, You shall' bo avenged, dear spirit, I'ray for, me in heaven, and forgive mo,' i "Tho spirit advanced. It smiled. It jlasp m° by ljftn<1a w^tl1 fv warm,' living "«i will forgive you,' he said. " God knows [ have forgiven; but as yet I only hopo for aeavon. I am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill mo. I recovered in aiittlo while. A icalous man is mad man. I know that; I' novcr ceased to love you,' " He opened his arms, I fell iuto tlicra. Wo embraced, " ' Biit Tborose ?1 l said, ».Surely, it was bor spirit that I saw,' , , . , " I saw It also,'-ho answered, ' Tooreae is lead to the world. She is a nun in the con- - rent close at band, Aftor ,you" had been jone five years, I asked her to marry me ; out she could lovo but once. When her nother died she took tho veil, On this an. livcrsary tho nuns come to tbe cathedral to ' jeep vigil, ? This is the night' I also como, \nd Thereso looks down on me and smilesi rhis she esfooms ft sin, and expiates with , jenanco; but I live on it the year through," I'o night she saw only you,; She forgot me, I A.b, Frederick, whfit folly you committed in .eaving her|' ' I ; "I bowed ray head in contrition, and just ' it that moment there arose from tho dark jallery the soft, sweet sound of women's roiccs, singing without any accompaniment, "Togethor, standing hand in hand,"wo istened. Then, arm in arm,' wo left tho mthedral, ! "I returned to Australia soon af tor ward,' Leopold remained behind. Every year ho . ?oes to tho cathedral at twelve on Meeting Mgbt-every year until the last ho wroto? - .! " ' I havo seen her. With her eyes she sent in angel's love to you,' .' But Inst year this is what he wroto; ' ' Sho is dead, I believe that sh3 will be pours in hoavonj not mino, But I shall love' acr through eternity." Shvowd Mrs. Penuckle.-" I didn't al-. ways plough the earth for a living," said Farmer Ponucklo. " I was onco#a wine raer jhant's clerk in Melbourne, I married young, md my wife, who is sitting thero now, with tho reputation of being as good a farmer'a nrlfe as thero is in tho country, made just as jood a mate for a hard-up clerk then, Like many young couplcs we had purchased furni« ture in instalments, and wo were not able to, pav all tho sums as they fell due, Every thing seemed to bo going against us, and our liltle girl was sick. When I came home early sne Saturday afternoon and found crape banging to my door bell, My heart was in ray mouth and tears choked me as I met ray wife. " 'So dear little Minnie is gone 1 'I said; "' Minnie gone I' said my wife, . Oh, no, But tho broker's man will bo round iu.a tnlnuto to seiao tho furniture, and I thought possibly the crape, might check him,1 " It checked him, Ho halted his waggon a Jozen yards away, walked on tip-too to tho 3oor, examined tho crape, and went softly ivway, afraid, apparently, that ? some ono might hear him. Minnie recovered, aud a Eow days afterwards I scraped up enough money to pay the bill, but I havcnH bought anything on instalments since." Fortune in the Teacup,-Here are-a few " old women's signs" for you,'girls: If single persons happen to have two spoons in tholt cup, it is a sign that they will (lguro prominently at a wedding "before the year is out';- If you put milk or-crcam in your tea bofore the sugar, it will "cross your love," If a tea-stalk floats in the oup, it is called " t> beau.'' Unmarried ladies, when this happens, should stir their tea round briskly, and then plant tho spoon uprightly ju the cup, holding it quite still with the fingers. If the "beau" in its gyrations is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, the "beau" will be certain to : come that evening, IE tbo sides o£ the cup attract, the " beau " will not come, Wo may observo that it depends upon tho slate of tho . atmosphere whether tho tea-stalk is attracted to tho middle or the sides of the cup. ;It is a sign of fair weather if tho cluster of small air bubbles, which usually arise after the sugar has been put in, collect themselves and remain in tho centre of the cup, The con trary when thoy straggle to the sides-it will certainly rain in a few hours, 535 