Hrevities. From mud to (lust. Sons meet Monday night.' 0 f -J Havo yon seen the ghost? ' Roads drying up splendidly. f f, • . Joy in tlio ljonsd'of Ireland. • ; Foresters meet Tuesday night, , Druids meet Wednesday night. , ^ Extremely loyal pooploat Erskino Park. The enterprising burglar lias boon a burgling. ' .. Madame Chalk will'..visit Ponritli next Wednesday. ■ Acceptances for the Oranga Lodgo sports close to-day. V , . The Irish Orimos Bill has recoived tho Royal assent. i , ; . , . . . Twenty-two regiments are being addod to. the French Army. ' , . , ; . i ' ' Ruts only two foot six inches deep oil tho Luddenham Road. ' / ' >/ That;Luddenham ghoBt has oausod a. wonderful sensation. ' , W. Carberry is positively tho' largest em ployer in'this district. ) fr, . There is likely to bo two bullocks roasted at St. Marys this time. 11 i The Penrith alderman will mako no pro vision for tho payment.of work; ■■ There are' persistent rumours that tho, British Cabinot is to bo ro-formed. . - t Mooting ro Queen's Fund Wednesday afternoon at tho Council Chambers. Special constables, Miller ,and Boloy, of St. Marys aro likely-to bo promoted. . There is o Lakb in'front of old Gorsback's cottage that should be put on tho map,' ' Tho mud lias gone, and lately, .wo havo had a chango in the way of a little dust.' 'X Tho parsonage liui'ding committoe at St. .Marys will shortly cominonco operations. The sohoolmaBtor and engino-drivor : Ono trains the mind, 'the other minds the train, Ono man'oilers £25 to be i-un for if tho , bullock roasts sports como off on Victoria Square. V" M ■ '"-" v Free-traders at St. Marys intend inviting Mr. McMillan'■ to lecturo for. thorn ' at an oarly dato. " ; •; • .• u ■ , Mr. J. Hatton's boot shop High-streot, opposite i this office, is noted for Brst-clasa* • goods at low prices. Mr. Thomas Moachor is building qnito a castle at Mount Drujtt. It will. oclipso everything in this district,'' If Sir Henry. Parkes had his wish,' ho sayB lie would givo tlio franchise to woipen, and that at an-early date. i ' QuadrilloV party, Protestant' Hall; St. Marys Friday night. Proceeds ill aid "of I tho St. Marys brass band. : . j Princess-street, St. Marys, is in a liquid state. Albert-street,1 " St. Marys is in. a similar condition of filthinoss, . , ! Constable Bolfour almost broke the rccorcl on Thursday afternoon.* The fellow ho Avaa after did tho distance under even. Mr. T. W. Hawkins delivers a lecturo on Saturday, to-night, at tlip Tomporanco Hall, BubjoctCreation v. Evolution. In the assigned estate Mr. J. G. Bisgland. Messrs J. Learmoht & Co. commence opera tions to-day. ' Bo early for the bargains. . Confidential / verbatim > reports : of tlio re cent Imperial' Conference' aro only to bo given to the, Colonial Governors and tho various delegates. . : V! . / During the month of May 920,500 rabbits were destroyed by tlio 2158 men employed j on tho 6,08-1,078 acres' now reported to be infested in Now South Wales. : •> Some mean scoundrel chased some young ladies - along Henry-street, on Thursday night, which frightoned them a good deal. ; He deserves to be sovorely punishod. I Special.interest appears to be takeivin the Penrith Free Public Library since tho recent agitation for its removal. Tho attondanco lias been mucli larger since. At a largo mooting, hold on Tuosday night in the now Masonic-liall ih tho, inter ests of tho proposed now protectionist paper, Mr. (J, R. Dibbs announced his. oonvovsion to protection. i Tho Anti-iphineso agitation in Queensland is becomming , most i pronouncod. Tho Warden at tho Clermont goldiiold1' has ordered all theVOhiiioso ■ minors to clo&i;* boforo August 1. Strong rosistanco is expected, 