Revenge. * I HA.YTS served in - the French army (as surgeon), and sacrebleu ! I never yet stiffened an insult from mortal being to pass unavenged. It was in the Tyrol last year.; While .wander ing through that picturesque country,- I'fre Suently encountered two ladies-one elderly, ie other a widow-charming, peiiU, spiriUtelle .-Adrienne! At last wc found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I "rapidly succumbed to-the fair widow's charms-she was so'sympathetic, so vivacious, yet withali that sncoirfaire of experience "which an elderly bachelor knows huw to appreciate. Her figure-how delicious its lines! What masses of magnificent tresses! . What perfect rows of ivory her coral-lipped smile permitted us to see! 'Wliat hcalthhil bloom the exercise and mountain air hod lent to her cheek!-Yes, I would propose that evening. ; That night I -went up to dreas for dinner-an important business with tae, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morning with the maitre d'hotel to change my room for orio with a more southerly aspect; but when I had climbed to tho first floor (no slight exercise) where iry new apartment was located, I found X could not recollect the number! A little re flection, however, made xric decide it was No. 13, but, to make certain, I listened a moment at tho door-all was still within-turned tho handle softly, and entered. ? JYbm dc Dim J who was this ? Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay thq ghost of Adrienne I Adrienne ? Yes, but Adrienne transfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with the cheeks falling in on the toothless gntns, the outlines of her figure (she hud laid aside her dress) shewing scraggy aud angular through her d&liabille.; A lay-figure waiting to be transformed by h^r maid into my Adrionho waiting to bo rr.ade into my dccoy-but I would be revenged. * Not stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended hastily to thoKiloon, where 1 found moht of tlic guests of the hotel wailing fur the dinner goijg. I caught a glance of astonifh mcnt at my owii undress uniform, and a thought a track me-I smiled. The house happened to be full just then of a very fashionable company ; tho ladies vied with, one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and I knew* tliero was a certain countessbyrho was especially Adrienno's rival in this respect.' All! I.would.sliamo her before them all pi would give her a lesson under her rival's! eyes -she should learn to trifle with honost affection -2Con Die! yes ! I am a mesmerist. My will is iron. I sat apart, and, turning mv eyes from those present, ; put all my will-force into action. Ono-two three-lour minutes, and thero was a footstep outside the door-tho handle was gently turned and Adriemie appeared-yes! precisely as I had seen her atfow minutes beforo! The whole roomful of listless guests rose as if simul taneously galvanised-the ladies shrieked " a -ghost" but Adrienno advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance. Under cover of offering her a chair, I mado the releasing passos with my hand-sho awoke-; gave one glance round Jit the staring company and tho scornful eyes of her rival, another at her figure reflected in tho mirror opposite, and,' with a wild scream, sank, a fainting heap, on the floor L T was revenged !! ; t That same night I thought I heard someone moving about my room, and found, the follow ing "morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, iny| wig,'and my new patent spring-fitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room; '.' As my valet'was in Paris I had to: publish my loss before X could move out of bed. Adrienne had left the house that night,:< hint not without retaliating.-£<JJ/ Francisco New* Lettev: . ... f '. . . . ; , .>. ; ' TIUVEIXKH '(rushing into station): "Is the. train late?" Porter: "No,you are." AGE should always precede beauty, therefore let the old folks retire before 10 o'clock. : "Now that I have got,my hay in," said the relieved farmer, " I think the world would bo greatly better for a good shower." : A£-editor, having received many dunning ! letters from his tailor, at last wrote upon one, from, habit, doubtless, " This C9rrespondence mustnowcease." 3^ANTON'.MAEBLE used to say that- it was as easy-to love a rich widow a9 a poor schoolgirl,' and when he arot ready to love^ he' loved a widow1 and.£lo0,000. , > A BOOTBLACK at a London railway station has this «gn conspicuously posted above his'chair : "Pedal teguments artistically* illuminated ana lubricated for tWinfinitesimalremuneration'qf ld^/per. operation." A: CERTATX doctor having heard a village .poet repeat some verses on a scolding wife, was so. delighted with them as to request a copy. " There is no necessity for that," said the poet. "Ton have got the original." A BEIUE? newspaper claims to havo dis covered the longest word in any language, but "it'is only a line and two-thirds in length*. The longest word that has ever come under our notice'is the clergyman's " One. word more and I will close." It would make* about aoolumn. V . , - .. . - X ; "WIFE (to husband): "Mother wants .to come~ * and make us a visit, John; but I have written her that, just at present, while baby is teeth-1 ing, it;wouldn't be convenient. If 'I give you the letter will you thinkto post it?" Husband (with an air of perfect confidence): "Well, I should say I would!" "WnEXaboshful young man finds himself in company where there is acreamv infant of 10 , months, the expression of his face .when tho proud mother thrusts her tender offspring at him with the remark: "Baby, kiss the nice gentleman^" may be imagined, but it cannot : be counterfeited. 