The position of affairs in New Zealand just now is the outcome of wide-spread discontent with the financial position and prospects of the colony. The pre- vailing epidemic of an increasing ex penditure and a failing revenue is felt there in full force, and while none can deny that vigorous measures are wanted to restore financial soundness in the administration of affairs, there is a marked desire to award trenchant blame somewhere, for letting things drift until drastic reform became unavoidable. The main count in the indictment against the late Minis try charged them with financial mis management, but there are a variety of other allegations which include almost the whole of the administrative pro gramme of the last five or six years. The need of retrenchment and in creased taxation, and the issue as to whether the colony shall or shall not be committed to a thorough pretection ist policy will, no doubt, take first place in the electoral campaign which has now commenced, but it should be noted that there is a powerful factor in the political discontent in New Zealand which will remain operative, and, to a large extent, uninfluenced, no matter how the nominal issues are decided at the polls. Under the old arrangement of pro vinces New Zealand was virtually divided into nine independent states, and enjoyed the advantages of local government to a degree unknown else where in Australasia. About 14 years ago, the colony first resorted to bor rowing on a large scale, and as the operation of obtaining money on loan was found to be easy, some millions were spent in a wholesale system of public works, the introduction of immi grants, the purchase of laud from the Maoris, and in the construction of a costly system of railways. The avowed purposes of the promoters of this policy was to settle the country, and to ensure its progression by leaps and bounds. For the time both of these objects were fully secured. Settlement went on apace, and the general pros perity of New Zealand passed into a proverb. It naturally occurred to some ambitious spirits that public business which had grown to such magnificent proportions could be better managed in one grand centre, under one represen tative body, and that New Zealand would gain in dignity and import ance by exchanging the condition of an association of petty provinces for that of a compactly organised single community. After long negotiation and some very vigorous debating, the affairs of all the provinces were, in the years 1575-6, merged in one central and general Government. The new arrangement was soon found to be im perfect. The little town of Welling ton on the rock-bound shores of Port Nicholson became the seat of Govern ment, for the simple reasons that it was fairly central in position, and was the only place which would not have been promptly vetoed by conflicting interests. Then the outlying cities with their adjacent country popu lation discovered that in agreeing to forego their local legislatures in favor of a central Government they had, carelessly or unwittingly, sur rendered not only the right to deal separately with what may be termed national questions, but also the power of managing their own local affairs. The seat of government in Wellington, like seats of government elsewhere, attracted population, because the head quarters of social and political influ ence, and its progress in material and political importance, was faithfully followed by a corresponding declen sion in those endowments in the erst while capitals of the separate pro vinces. Before very long murmurs were heard against the visibly growing evil of centralisation, and the States, if not openly demanding a repeal of the act of incorporation, at least protested against the management of purelylocal matters being remitted to a central bureau in Wellington. As long, however, as the finances of the colony did not arrive at an actual break down, it was comparatively easy matter for any Government to placate the more dangerous malcontents and prevent the cry for decentralisation from becoming, too imperative. What will, happen in House elected on anew basis, and with the ugly ghosts of retrenchment to lay, it is hard to forecast. Whenever pro posals in either direction come on for debate there will be fierce contention as to incidence of either economy or taxes, and plenty of recriminations as to unequal expen diture in the past. But it is unlikely that the desire for a return to even a modified form of local government will be acceded to, or even that it will be seriously pressed. A reconstruction of the constitution on the lines of what we understand by decentralisation, that is to say, central government in all the larger matters of national policy, and absolute self- government in all other, would involve too wide and too long a process, and would too much resemble the proverbially inexpedient action of swapping horses while crossing a stream. For the present all iuternal politics must wait, until the financial policy of the nation is decided on. That settlement may be found exceedingly difficult. Speaking broadly each of the districts, of which Auck land, Wellington, Canterbury, and Dunedin are the representative cities, has special local interests, which are more or less inconsistent with those of the remaining three, and there is enough of the old provincial spirit yet remaining to ensure that the members returned for any defunct province will represent the interests real or supposed of that province first, and the interests of Hew Zealand as a whole afterwards. It is therefore idle to guess beforehand what the net result of the voting in the House is likely to be on the question of protection or taxation. The only safe prediction is that their necessity will compel the adoption of high protective duties, or a serious increase in the burden of direct taxa tion, or some combination of the two, and that Ministers of the Crown in Hew Zealand will, in any event, have an uncomfortable time. Hope Lodge, conducted by the Rev. W. L. Morton for the rescue of in veterate drinkers, must be reckoned amongst the successful charitable insti tutions of Ballarat. For many years, Mr Morton had been impressed with the evils of drunkenness, and with the desire to rescue the drunkards, and he had eudeavored in various ways to deal with inveterate cases, but had met with but indifferent success. Dur ing the visit to Ballarat, however, of Dr Grattan Guinness, a case was thrown upon his hands which gave promise of a happy result, and this led in June, 18S6 to the founding of Hope Lodge. The report of the good work done since the humble and unpretentious start is very satisfactory, and must be a source of satisfaction and joy to the founder and his co-workers. For various rea sons that must commend themselves to our readers we forbear giving particu lars of the many cases of reform, of lapses and recovery; sufficient to state that most of the cases dealt with have been young men of ability, many of them gifted and cultured, blessed with a liberal education. The report gives extracts from letters written by patients who had passed through the institution, many of them breathing notes of thankfulness for the helping hand held out to lift them from the gutter, and which had restored them to manhood and to the path of soberness and virtue. There are also letters from parents living in the old country, full of gratitude for the assistance afforded to, and recovery of prodigal sons. One writes:—“ Words fail me to express my deep gratitude for the great kindness you have shown my son.” Another writes:—“l am glad that is under your care and direction, and sincerely hope he will be able to rise above his temptation, and again secure for him self an honorable position in society. When his fall took place he was on the eve of going up for examination as with every prospect of passing.” Yet another, “As water to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country. Thanks be to God for raising up such a kind friend to my son.” There are others of like import, show ing not only the rescue of many young men from the downward course, but giving also glimpses of the gladness an many homes in the old land. We need not detail the progress of the Hope Lodge, from its humble start, although it is all interest ing, and will, no doubt, be read with pleasure by very many of our citizens. Of course Mr Morton does not claim anything like universal success. The roots of the disease in some instances to be eradicated need the most patient and persistent atten tion. After citing a trying case or two the report states, “ It will thus be seen that patience and perseverence are alike needed in this work, but with the blessing of God on the efforts put forth, it is evident that none need be dispaired of.” Since the inauguration of the Institute, which is open to every poor degraded being, 84 men have been re ceived, and of the number treated nearly every denomination has been repre sented. The founder solicits no finan cial help—believing it to be God’s work, he feels, notwithstanding a de ficiency of considerably over. £lOO during the past year, that it cannot fail of being supported. During the year the lodgers themselves contri buted £175. Donations amounting to £l5B 17s lOd were received from friends of the institution. We need write no word of commendation of so great and noble a work. The trophies already won are only an earnest of the futui*e, and we are confident that a work so honored and so Christian can not fail to be well and amply sup ported. A Parliamentary Special train for the Adelaide Exhibition passed through Ballarat last night. It consisted of four American sleeping carriages and a van, and was drawn by two engines. There were about 150 pas sengers on board, consisting for the most part of members of Parliament and their wives. The Hon. Duncan Gillies, Premier; the Hon. J. Walker, Commissioner of Cus toms; and the Hon. J. Bell, Minister of Mines, were amongst the party. Mr and Mrs D. M. Davies, Mr and MrsOuttrim, Mr and Mrs W. H. Uren, the Hon. Hy. Gore, and Mr It. T. Vale entered the train at Bal larat. There were about 350 passengers by the special exclusion train in connection with the Exhibition that passed through in the morning, and the usual express train in the evening was also largely patronised. Tlie mayor suggested to the City Council yesterday the advisability of having a jubilee report of the city published this year, to be issued in a pamphlet form. Cr Salter thought the usual annual report might be amplified to suit the occasion. The mayor thought more was wanted, and suggested that. Cr Little be asked to undertake the work. He was a “regular don” at such things. Cr Salter again expressed it as his opinion that an enlarged annual report would meet'the requirements. Cr Claxton remarked, amidst laughter, that he supposed the mayor wished to go in for high falutiu. Cr Little expressed his readiness to do what he could. He would not trench upon the town clerk’s duties, but would just contrast the city now with what the locality was 50 years ago. A man named George Brew, 42 years of age, who at different times has followed the occupations of gardener, groom, and laborer, was arrested iu Ballarat yesterday afternoon on a charge of attempting a criminal assault ou one of his daughters, a child only seven years and two months old. It appears that the accused lived in a house in Durham street, Ballarat West, with four of his children, two boys and two girls, aged 9,5, 11, and seven years respectively. His wife left him some time owing to ill treatment, having had him bound over at the City Polic Court to keep the peace towards her. There was scarcely any’ furniture iu the house, it having been seized by bailiffs for debt, and the place was in a wretched condition. The offence is alleged to have been committed on Wednesday uight, when the accused, his younger [daughter, and his two sons slept iu the same bed, the father and the little girl at the head and the two boys at the foot. The elder sister slept in a stretcher in the same room. On Thursday the elder gill noticed that her sister was walking lame, and asked her the cause, when the child stated that her father had committed the crime with attempting which he is charged. Subsequently the child told her mother what had happened, and Mrs Brew informed her employer. The latter communicated with the police, and Detective Sergeant Charles and Detective Rogerson took the child to Dr Jordan, who examined her. On the strength of the statement made by the doctor, a warrant was obtaiued for the arrest of Brew, who was apprehended by the officers yesterday afternoon and lodged iu the City lock-up. It is believed that other testimony will be forthcoming to prove the assault to have been of even more brutal and disgusting uature than is set forth on the charge. Cr Claxton moved, at the City Council yesterday, that steps be taken to start a subscription-list of amounts from Is up wards, for the evection of a statue to the Queen in the City. He remarked that he had spoken about the subject on Jubilee Day, and met with great encouragement; in fact, he was astonished at the support he had received. In five minutes’ time he re ceived promises of over £5. He did not think they would have to go begging from other municipalities for the statue, like Mel bourne City had doue. Cr Little seconded the proposition, as he thought it a good one put forward at an opportune time. The motion was carried, and the town clerk was instructed to have a number of books printed and distributed for the purpose of collecting subscriptions. In answer to a question by Cr Hickman at the City Couucil yesterday, the mayor said the contractors for the tramways in Bal larat were endeavoring to push on their work. This statement was borne out by Crs Shoppee and Salter, the latter remarking that the Tramway Company had a very’ elegant car intended for use in Ballarat dis played at the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibi tion. A large and enthusiastic meeting of the electors of the south ward electorate was held in the Societies’ Hall, Skiptou street, last eveuing. Mr Ronaldson was voted to the chair. Mr J. Whykes was unanimously selected to contest the seat, and all the gentlemen present formed themselves into a strong committee to secure the candidate’s return. It was decided to hold a meeting at an early date, when Mr Whykes will express his views accordingly’. The death of Mr Henry Bell, J.P., was re- ferred to at the meeting of the City Council yesterday. Cr Little moved that a letter of sympathy be sent to his relatives. He re- marked that Mr Bell was the best friend they ever had. (“ Hear, hear,” from several of the councillors.) He (Cr Little) knew the value placed on Mr Bell’s word by Ministers. Mr Gillies had said that he would refuse him nothing that he asked in reason. Mr Dow had also said of him that he was at the Lands-office on an average once a week in the interests of Ballarat, even after he lost his seat. There was no more upright or consistent citizen in the town. Cr Hick man seconded the motion, endorsing these remarks. Cr Salter also bore testimony to Mr Bell’s good work. It had been done without ostentation; there was no at- tempting to get his name into the press. None knew the wants of the city better than Mr Bell, and he often made suggestions to the council. He was perfectly astonished at Mr Bell’s energy, and esteemed him highly as a citizen and a friend. Cr Claxton and the mayor endorsed what had been said, the latter remarking that Mr Bell was un- assuming, sincere, and hard-working. In the new public buildiugs he had left a last- ing monument to his name. The proposition was unanimously carried. Mr E. G. Fitzgibbon, town clerk of Mel bourne, created some little diversion at the railway station last night. He was travel ling by the special Parliamentary train to Adelaide, and felt aggrieved at a presumed slight upon his wife in the matter of accom modation, when, in high dudgeon, he left the train with the avowed intention of securing quarters for himself and Mrs Fitz- gibbon at Craig’s Royal hotel. However, the Premier poured oil upon the troubled waters, and Mr and Mrs Fitzgibbon resumed their places iu the train and proceeded to Adelaide. The annual public meeting in connection with the Home Missions was held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan schoolroom last night, and was largely attended. Mr A. A. Buley, one of the circuit stewards, occupied the chair. Mrs Varcoc, who is engaged in home mission work iu Melbourne, gave an interesting account of her labors in the metropolis, detailing the duties she per formed on the several days of each week aud the nature of her work generally. The Rev. J. H. Tuckfield, the Home Missions “depu tation,” referred to the work performed by home missionaries in newly-opened-up fields in the Upper Murray, South Gippslaud, and West Wimmera districts. He spoke of the uature of the work, the manner in which it was performed, and the character of the men aud women engaged iu it. Both addresses were earnest and interesting, and were listened to with rapt attention. At the close of the meeting several ladies present undertook to collect money for the Home Mission Fuud. At the City Council yesterday the mayor, when reference was being made to the necessity for the carrying out of certain works iu thoroughfares in the city’, remarked that when he visited other centres in the colony he felt proud of the cleanly aud well kept streets of Ballarat West. Those who grumbled about bad roads in Ballarat, further remarked Mr Thompson, should visit Williamstown and Newport, aud then they would have an idea of what quagmires really were. The meeting of the ratepayers of the south riding of Ballaratshire, advertised to be held on Friday last, was postponed ou account of the insufficient notice and bad state of the weather to Thursday, the 30th inst. The meeting will be held in the schoolroom at Windermere. Among the places of worship that were decorated on the occasion of the celebration of the Queen’s Jubilee was the Town Mission Hall. Mr Dibson carried out the work of adornment, assisted by ladies connected with the mission. The sides of the building were ornamented with flags and mottoes. At the western end of the hall appeared the words on a scarlet ground, “ God bless our Queen.” Ballarat City councillors, unlike other municipal representatives we kuow of, can crack a joke while business is at the same time prooeediug rapidly. Yesterday, at the meeting of the City Council, Cr Salter asked a question relative to the carrying out of work in one of the streets of the munici pality. The clerk of works replied to the effect that the plaus were at present in the hands of legal gentleman. Mr Salter, a solicitor by profession, said “Oh” in reply, and the mayor drily ejaculated, amidst loud laughter, “ Oil, it’s simply the law’s de lays.” Mr Thompson Moore last evening wired: —“ The Government drill at Mirboo (Col hern’s Proprietary No. 1 Company), having bored through over 300 feet basalt, got into carbonaceous rocks (coal formation) this morning.” The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—Thomas Bell, re siding in Errard street, suffering from in juries to his thumb, caused by getting it caught in a sausage machine; James Con nolly, a resident of Redan, suffering from a scalp wound caused by some quartz falling on him in the Band and Albion Company’s mine; and James Dunstan, residing at Pennyweight Flat, suffering from bruises on the foot caused by some props falling on. it at the Speedwell mine. Mayor Thompson, at the meeting of the City Council yesterday, mentioned that five additional lamps were available for each ward. Cr Cooke asked whether they could be put w here there were no mains. The mayor replied in the negative. It was de-. cidod that the councillors should inspect the wards they represented on a dark night, and report to the council on their require ments. A meeting of the committee of the 3rd "Battalion Rifle Club was held last evening, when it was decided to fire the July match on Friday and Saturday next, with the same conditions as last match. The committee also decided to disqualify all men who were unable to complete firing in the June match, declining to establish a bad precedent. The police received a good deal of well merited praise at the meeting of the City Council yesterday. Cr Claxton, in referring to the Jubilee festivities in Ballarat, ex pressed his gratification at the manner in which the local constabulary performed their duty during the crush on the night of the illuminations. “Police, as a rule, received more kicks than half-pence,” further re marked Cr Claxton, “ but on the occasion of the late Jubilee they deserved every credit. They were in their places when wanted, and anything that wanted attending to was done quietly.” Cr Claxton concluded his remarks by suggesting that the mayor should, on be half ot the council, write a letter to the superintendent of police, thanking him for the excellent supervision exercised by his sub- officers and men during the late celebra tion. The mayor said he would do so. Mr J. C. Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Thompson and Morrison, J’s.P., presided yesterday morning at the City Police Court. James Ryan, on remand for vagrancj 7 , was remanded for a week. J. H. Blackett, charged with obtaining £4 7s from John Coles by means of a valueless cheque, was also remanded until to-day. A conversazione and exhibition of mem- bers’ work in connection with the Ballarat Amateur Photographic Association will be held in the library of the School of Mines to-morrow evening at 8 o’clock. Tickets of of admission may be obtained from the mem- bers. During the week ended 23rd inst. the sum of £49,G57 Is Sd was received, from the Vic torian railways, as against £37,790 7s od for the corresponding week in last year. A burglary was committed on Sunday night at the residence of Mrs Pearse. During the absence of the inmates at. church the place was broken into, and drawers and other receptacles ransacked. Only a few shillings were taken away. The burglary has not, we understand, been reported to the police. Nominations for the various offices in con nection with the Ballarat Miners’Association, will be received at the office, 14 Trinity Chambers up to 9 p.m., on the Ist July. The Wurrenheip hotel and two acres of land adjoining, situate at Leigh Creek, and the property of Miss Mungovan, who is re tiring from business, was offered for sale yes terday by Messrs Freeman and Crabbe, auc tioneers. The highest offer was £720, and this not coming up to the reserve, the pro perty was passed in. Three acres of laud at Leigh Creek were also offered and passed in. At the Town Court yesterday six persons were charged with drunkenness. Among the number was Jonas Jackson, a black man, who was fined 10s, in default three days’ im prisonment. Jonas said he would try the hominy diet for three days. Another in dividual, who was favored by being driven to the lockup in a kiud of chariot, was fined 5s and ordered to pay 2s Gd hire of vehicle. “Pay for a cab,” exclaimed the tippler, “ what are my legs for ? It’s a poor liour of day with me when a policeman won’t be seen walking to the lockup with me.” Yesterday at the Town Court a number persons were prosecuted for having unregis" tered dogs in their possession. Much time was taken up in talking about the “ dawgs,” as one defendant termed his canine pet. Another alleged non-observer of the muni cipal bylaw said “ that the ‘ dawg’ for which he was summoned was not his ‘ dawg;’ it was a ‘ dawg’ that called at his place and would not leave, and the boys then allowed the intruder to remain, and therefore it was the boys’ ‘dawg’ and not his ‘dawg.’” The beuch would not accept the defence, and accused was fined ss, vi'ith 2s Gd costs. In each case Mr Matthews, town inspector, prosecuted. Farming operations are in a somewhat backward state in the Bungaree district, the recent weather liaviug retarded them con siderably. Patrick M'Naughton, a dilapidated look ing individual, was sent to gaol for 14 days by the Town bench yesterday on a charge of vagrancy. The presiding magistrates were Messrs Fitzgerald and Walker, J’s.P. Fears are entertained for the safety of the ship Hannah Kank, which left New York for Melbourne about 130 days ago. The run from New York to Melbourne is usually made by sailing vessels in about 90 days. Messrs Steinfeld, Levinson and Cos., of Bridge street, have large consignments on board the Hannah Rank. A letter was received from the Depart ment of Agriculture at the meeting of the Bungarceshire Council yesterday, stating that the Department could not undertake to pay any portion of the cost of purchase of chloride of lime to be used for the destruc tion of thistles on private property. The question as to what further steps should be taken to check the spread of the Canadian thistle was, however, under consideration. Cr Clohesy moved, “ That the reply of the Minister of Agriculture is very unsatisfac tory, and that the council is of opinion that the matter should be brought before Parlia ment at an early date, and that Mr Ander son, M.L.A., be requested to introduce the matter to the House.” The motion was seconded by Cr O’Dea, and carried. A meeting of the Grenville Turf Club was held at Mactaggart’s Cape Clear hotel on last Saturday evening, when a very satisfac tory report was handed in by Messrs Burke and Delahenty, auditors. The secretary was instructed to get a balance-sheet printed, sliowiug full receipts and expenditnre of the late race meeting, and to forward one to each member of the club. The stewards intend holding another race meeting about the 27th December, 1887. Mr John Robson’s residence and grounds in Eureka street were again illuminated last night with colored lanterns, Vauxhall lamps, and colored fires, and all presented a very pretty sight. Lanterns were also strung from tree to tree along Eureka street. Mr Ford had also illuminations on his premises. A large number of persons visited Eureka street to view the displaj’s abovemen tioued. Another old identity, in the person of the late Mr Jas. Traverse (writes our Linton correspondent) departed this life on Sunday last, at the ripe old age of 78 years, from general debility. He had been confined to his bed about six months. The deceased was a much respected resident of Linton for up wards of 30 years. A man named William Clare, a carpenter, who was working at Carlsruhe, near Kyueton, has been found dead in an old quarry hold. Clare had fallen a distance of about 15 feet, and struck the grouud with hi* head. He either broke his neck or was stunned, and perished from exposure to the heavy weather. He left an hotel about 8 o’clock on Friday night, and was not after wards seen alive. The deceased was a very heavy drinker, and while under the influence of drink he evidently lost his way in the dark, and fell into the hole. His wife and daughters are residing at Prahran. The Chief Secretary (says the Telegraph) has received a report from the visiting com mittee of the Ballarat Reformatory, w’hich speaks very well of the management of that institution. It appears that the system of punishment adopted there is an excellent one, and none of the boys who have under gone punishment have exercised their right to appeal to the board of management. It is also pointed out that the percentage of ab sconders from the institution is very small, and much less than ever it was. The Rev. Dr Torrance (says the Argus) has received a- certificate of merit and pro gress, granted by the Conservatorium of Leipzig to Ernest Hutcheson at the eud of his first year, which cannot fail to gratify all who have taken an activo interest in the careor of this clever young musiciau. The document embodies reports from his teachers, endorsed by the general director, whidh speak of him iu most favorable terms, and fully justify the opinion entertained here of his musical powers, and the expectations of his friends as to his future. Avery sudden death (says the Age) oc curred in St. Patrick’s Cathedral on Sunday morning. At the conclusion of the 9 o’clock mass, and while Archbishop Carr was de livering a short address, an elderly mau named Michael Punch, of Fitzroy street, Fitzroy, was seen to fall forward in his seat. He was immediately picked up and attended to by Dr O’Sullivan, of Collins street, and Dr A. L. Kenny, resident surgeon at the Eye and Ear Hospital, who were present. He was found to be unconscious, but he came to for a few minutes, and shortly afterwards expired. His spiritual wants were attended to by Rev. F. Stephen and by the Arch bishop. Deceased had been in delicate health for some time past, and his death was not altogether unexpected. He was 77 years of age. On Saturday morning (says the Aryiis) a deputation from the Undenominational Edu cation League waited on His Excellency the Governor, at Government House, and pre sented to him a memorial on the subject of religious education in State schools. The memorialists reviewed the history of the question, and said that as the instructions of Her Majesty the Queen to His Excellency were to promote to the utmost of his power religion and education among the aboriginal inhabitants of the country, they could not understand why the advisers of the Crown should unconstitutionally’, illegally, and persistently discourage the religious teaching of the children of the white population. The intelligence, the Christian morality, and the political integrity of the whole commu nity were most strongly opposed to, and had unmistakably condemned, the present policy, which as a practical State establishment and State endowment of secularism inflicted on the country an educational system which was not simply Christless, but from which the very name of Christ had been pointedly’ and purposely eradicated. The memorialists asked His Excellency’ to take such steps as might appear to be expedient and right, with the view of removing the grievances of which they complained. His Excellency, in reply, said that he would transmit the me morial to the Government, and that he could do nothing more in the matter. The Bendiyo Independent reports that at the Wesleyan Church, Golden Square, a large congregation assembled on last Sunday evening to hear the famous Yorkshire tem perance evangelist, Mr Mathew Burnett. He chose for the subject of his discourse the parable of the rich mau, “ What shall a man give in exchange for his soul.” The sermon was an evangelistic one, and was delivered with the characteristic earnestness and plaiu spokenness of the preacher. He dwelt on the uncertainty of life, the certainty of death and the judgment, and showed that to be prepared for death was to be happy here and hereafter. At the close of the service a prayer meeting was held, and many remained to it. The Herald says:—“ The dead body of a man found in the Yarra last Thursday, and positively identified by two persons as that of one Martiu Moloney, is after all unidenti fied. Maloney appeared at the morgue yes terday, and stated that he is still working at Morley’s Free Stores, Flinders street.” A great social event in Paris has been the elopement of a Jewish heiress, having in her own right a fortune of 12 millions, with a young cavalry officer of an old Belgian and Catholic family. She told her mother, who is now her only parent, that if she did not consent to a marriage with the young officer she would avail herself of the privilege of German nationality, and get married with out leave in some other country than France. She literally carried out her threat, and in the most cool and business-like way, taking with her all her personal attendants, her horses, dogs and stablemen. 