LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, THE PARKES TEsTIMoNILe.-MCeetings in aid of the Parkes National Tribute have been held at Narrabri and Glen Innes. To TLHE SOUTH.-- lfere passed through Murrurundi on Tuesday last 62 trucks laden with fat stock from the north-west, also 71 trucks of wool. THE Rev. George Sowter, of St. Alban's, Quirindi, is noaing locsus tenons during the absence of Archdeacon Ross, ineumbent of St. 1Peter's Cathedral, A.rmidale, on holilays for a month. FOR THE SOUTH.-The Port Darwin paper states :-A stampede of over 80 of our temporary population took place on the de parture of the s.s. Chingtu from this port for the Southern Colenies. A CuRICKETEIs IscJURED.-Vernon, one Of the English cricketers, received injuries * through falling down the companion way of the Iberia. It is thought it will be three weeks before he will be able to play. TsHE BISHOP Or NewcAsTLE.-By ,last accounts from aEngland the Bishop of New castle was improving in healths, and thee doctors whol had been consulted in his case had given every hope of a complete recovery. Ru.eouns AND FACTS.-There are rumours current in Sydney as to the prevalence of typhoid fever among the employees of Messrs. Anthony Hordern and Sons, Sydney. It is stated, however, that the condition of affairs is by no means so bad as has been stated, only 12 out of the 300 persons cm ployed by tlio firm being ailing, and these are suffering from trifling complaints only. No REDUCTION.-Thl0 following is an English anecdote :-A few days ago, at a local colliery, a youth said to his parent: " What dis 12} per cent. reduction mean ?" " It is 2s (d in tIe pound," was the reply. " Varry weel," said the youth, "it winnet be onny reduction for me, caas an hervent a pund to tyek. If aa werk aall the week, an oney git sivinteen bob; so they car gnu on wir their reduction !" A LIoeSa?'o CouaR was held yesterday, when the application of Mr. Michael O'IHagon for a publican's conditional license. for a house proposed to be erected at Adams town was refused, on the ground that the necessities of the neighbomuhood did not at present require an additional hotel. A trans for having been made, and a music and danc ing license granted, the court adjourned. Mu. MxrELILLE AND TIHE MflNISTER rOR EnDvCATrOx.-Mr. Melville led off with a sly shot at the Minister for Education on Wednesday night, by asking the Attorney General if he intended to add any further clauses to the Bankruptcy Bill. The Minister had stated that 190 clauses were passed in two nights, owing to absence of obstruction-, ists, whereas there were only 156 clauses in the Bill placed before the House. 'Mr. Wise gave an evasive answer. seRow NEWCASTLE TO GEAFTON.-From the advertisement of Messrs. Dalgety and Co., limited, it wile be seen that the splendid pas senger st earner Australian will be despatched from Newcastle on Monday evening next, at S o'clock, for the Clarence River, via Sydney, taking passengers and cargo. The rates quoted are exceedingly low, and the despatch of the vessel from Newcastle will no doubt be found a great convenience for shippers and tIhe travelling public. SUPPOSED EBRUTALITY.-After the rising of the local police court yesterday morning, the P.M., irn Iis private room, interviewed a a young boy who had been, it was stated, brutally knocked about by his mother. The poor lad's back was'scored with the marks of some kind of rod or stick, said to be iron, and his face was also somewhat injnred. The magistrate gave instructions for the police to investigate the matter, which at its present stage exhibits symptoms of very great brn tality. The lad's father, it was alleged, was unable to prevent his wife from attacking the child. TasE EJECTMfENT CAsE.-To-day, in the Supreme Court, Mr. C. W. Readett will, through his counsel, Mr. T. Moriarty, make an ex parte application for a prohibition to set aside the decision of the local Bench in the case of Brainy. Hunt, which has through its various phases been watched with interest in the city. The case, it will be re membered, arose out of the refusal of Hunt to leave the premises he occupied in Scott street, erected upon land owned by Mr. Brain. Considerable excitement has been manifested in the matter, owing to the dramatic ejectment of Hunt from the premises. A FeISIERY CAsE.-The Fisheries Act provides that a net more than 300 yards long shall be adjudged to be unlawful, and in one portion of the Act it is decreed that any person using such a not shall be liable to have it forfeited, but a subsequent addition to the law does away with the forfeiture in the case of a first offence. No penalty is fixed, as far as can be ascertained from the Act itself, for the offence. Yesterday in the local police court four fishermen were sum moned for the above breach of the Act by using a net of too great a length at Lake Macquarie on September 27th ; but the P.M. seeing no fine was fixed, and also that in the case of a first offence no forfeiture should be made, dismissed the case. NEWCASTLE PRIacITIVE cMETHODiST SUN-.' DAY Sceoon PeONCO. - Among the mnany events which take place on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, November 9th, is the Sun day School Picnic of tIe Newcastle Primitive Methodist Church. The splendid and capa-' cious steamer Emu, with a carrying eapacity. of 500, has been engaged for the occasion, and every provision will be made at Tomago for the comfort and pleasure of all who are to take a part ice the ex cursion. The fare fixed-is 6d foj thes return trip-is exceedingly moderate, and special allowance will be made for families; so that' tere is every prospect of the affair being, with good weather, as previous events of the same kind have been, thoroughly sue cessful. Tickets can be obtained from any of the committee, from Mr. Jeohn Pearse, leon. secretary, or on the wharf on the morning of the 9th. ALLEGED IMPORTANT MINERAL DIS COVERY.-An occasional correspondent of the Tenterfeld 'tar writes :-A?n important discovery is alleged to have been made in the cicinity of the Adeline Battery, Fairfield. For 15 months a man named Harkness and his mate have been working a piece of land on a hill to the north of the Adelino, several assays from the stone giving small returns in silver and gold. Upon sending some stone to Professor Hurst, however, tlhat gentleman at once pronounced it to contain a large percentage of chlorides of lead, a mineral which, after it has undergone a simple process of treatment, is worth, accord ing to the same authority, about £1600 a ton in London. The stone is very white and heavy, and the reef about 18ft wide, and, presuming the Professor's opinion to be cor rect, should yet prove a very valuable pro perty, and one which will be heard more of in tie luture. TnosE Lovely Mantles for the Summer at Scott and Aird's. 1710 Dr. 'Ireloar may be consulted at his residence, Cottage Bridge, from 9 to 11.30, 2' till 3, 7 till 8, daily. Vaccination daily at 11 o'clock; Fridays excepted. 'Busses and trams pass every five minutes. 9401 LovELY Summer Dresses, and all so ,hesap, at Scott and Aird's. 1705 ADVERTISERS are again requested to en deavour to have orders intended for insertion in the Herald and Advocate delivered at this esllco not later than 9 o'clock p.m. Copy received by the late train and post cannot be guaranteed insertion in the following issue. THiE strilco at the lawicesbury bridge work still goes on. TUE ETHIEL ExolnsloN, this. Sunday, will be to Claronce Town. TiHE BLUwe RIBnoN.-Mr. lBurnott, tom. eranco lecturer, must be a good customer to haberdashers. At ]3laynoy, the other clay, 331 persons donned the blue. THcE LAND BILL.-The Commercial, Pas toral, and Agricultural Association of Sydney have suggested a numbeorof amend ments in the Land Bill. Tue RAILWAY BILL.-An interesting ao count of the debate which followed Sir Henry Parkes's motion for the second reading of the Railway Bill will be found in our Parliamon. tary report. THE GHOsT.-D'Arcy Read's ghost, which has mystified and delighted many thousands, will appear in the Victoria Theatre on Monday night next. To assist in the illusion, a competent company of vocalists, dancers, &c.;, are engaged. CIVIL SERVICE APPOINTEe .NT.i The office of Clerk of Petty Sessions, Dubbo, vacant by the death of Mr. L. H'Guinn, has been filled: by the appointment of Mr. W. J. Martin. Mr. Martin is the son of the late Sir James Martin, and was his father's associate for a number of years. LATE SPORTING NOTES.-The annual meet ing of the Northern Jockey Club will be held at Maitland to-night.-Competitors are 're minded that entries for the Military Tourna ment, to be held at Maitland on the 9th November, close to-morrow. We have boeen in formed that the entries are very numerous, and a good day's sport may be looked for ward to. SCHOONEE FOUNDERED. - The schooner Ada and Ethel, bound from the Manning River to Sydney, timber laden, foundered off Seal Rocks at 8 o'clock on Wednesday night.. The captain and crew managed to save them solves, and reached Newcastle yesterday evening from Port Stophens, to'which place they pulled in the ship's boat. A report appears elsewhere. *PAYMENT OF M1EMBERS.-The Daitly Tele gr?aph states: The remuneration of members of thie Assembly is being kept steadily in view by Mr. Fletcher, who last night in quired what the Minister for Lands pro posed to do in regard to the re-introduction,? of the bill making provision for payment. In reply, Mr. Garrett said he would at an early date move for leave to introduce the bill, and as soon as the formality was settled the bill would be brought in. LANDLORDS, TENANTS, AND ASSESSMENT. -Mr. D. A. Rogers takes exception to a de cision given by the Police Magistrate in the - Small Debts Court on Monday, in a ease in which alandlord was adjudged to pay the Wiekham Council rates for houses owned by him. Ir. Rogers's contention is that -the tenants are liable, and sends us a copy of a report of a Supreme .Court decision on the subject; but, as he has not given the name of his author, nor the work or paper in which it appeared, it is valueless for re-publication. W?Tr an early issue of the Herald and Advocate we will present each of our sub scribers with a beautifully-coloured litho graphic view of the city of Newcastle, sur rounded by illustrations of many of our most prominent buildings and points of interest. The production will be the work of some of tIhe most skilled artists in Australia; and, as it will be printed in four colours, on a white ground, will be well worth preserving as a. memento of Newcastle in 1887. As only a limited number can be obtained, agents are requested to send in their orders forthwith to prevent disappointment and annoyance. A RAILWAY MrIsIAr.-Yesterday, a slight aecident occurred to the 4.55 p.m. train from Newceastlo to Maitland. When between Sandgate and Hexlam a bolt in connection with one of the springs of the engine got loose, but the train proceeded on its journey, after half an hour's delay. When between Hexlam and Woodford the spring gave way completely, causing no little noise and a good deal of excitement among the passengers next the engine. The train arrived at Mait land three-quarters of an hour late. The mail train, although delayed at Singleton by the.breakdown for half an hour, arrived is Nesscastle at its due time. STRANGE AND HORRIBLE DEATH.-A boy six years old, named John Henry Watson, mnt with death in a singular way a few days ago at Goolhi station, 20 miles from Gun nedah. From the evidence taken at the inquest, it appears that he had been playing with other children, and was shortly after wards found dead with a piece of rope found his neck, the rope being fastened to a clothes line, and there being a small heap of stones close by. The boy had evidently, in play, fastened the loose rope round his neck, and stood on the stones, but the latter going from under him, he missed his footing, then the rope having tightened, his neck was dislo cated. BILLIARD. TOURNAMENT.-A highly-in teresting heat was played off at the Conti nental Cafi last night between Commotion and Trident: Tlhe game was a closely-con tested onb from start to finish, and was won eventually by Commotion. Great admira tion was evinced at the play of Trident, who, thoisgh.only a newlyl-dedged knight, played .with great dash asd linish, and seemed- at. various stages, of the game as though lie were gouig6 toplaceI his antagonist hers de combat. Ho ws only beaten by 11 points. We expert in future tournaments to hear of this knighst givine a good account of himself. There will ,b two heats played off to-night, the next to be continued on Monday. . 'TsIE. SAND-Drnecr RECLAMATION ACT.-It will be observed that in the Assembly last nighst, Mir. Abigail gave notice for leave to bring itd a bill on Wednesday next to repeal the Newcastle Sand-drift Reclimation Act, asid give back the land resumed, through the action of Mr. Fletcher, to the A. A. Company and oeher proprietors. It is to be hoped that a loud protest will be'made by the people of Newcastle against the Govern ment playing fast-and-loose with the people of Newcastle in this fashion. If Mr. Abigail's motion is carried, Government will be prevented from dealing with the sand-drift nuisance, and the people of New castle will be robbed of the park proposed to be granted under the old Act. Action in this mattcr has been delayed long enough, and all that Govermnent now proposes to do is 'to summarily burke a great and much needed improvement. VAcoINATIOw.-Dr. Beeston will vaccinate children on Tuesdays and Fridays, at 11 o'clock, at the surgesy, Bolton-street. 9114 WVE are making a special show of New. Maantles this week, all at very low prices. Scott and Aird. .. . 1713 