INTERNAL EVIDENCE EOR THE NEW TESTAMENT. Another line of thought, extremely in teresting as an internal mark of truth in the Gospel History, we cau barely touch on — the total contrariety of the concep- tion of Christ's Life to anything that art would have invented. What inventor or embellisher would have thought of bring ing Him into the world iu circumstances so unattractive, representing Him as ex posed almost immediately to the danger of His life, and as passing His first thirty years in entire obscurity; encountering the opposition of the religious authorities on His first appearance in the metropolis ; not having where to lay His head, and dependent on others for subsistence ; attaching to Himself comparatively few thorough adherents ; little understood even by the twelve men whom He selected to be His future witnesses ; betrayed by one of these very twelve, and denied by another, and that the most forward of them all ; condemned to the death by the highest council in the nation, treated with scorn and cruelty, and then handed over for execution to the civil authorities ; made to bear His own cross until from weakness it had to be borne by a stranger to the fatal spot; hung between two criminals, and amidst the derision of all classes of spectators giving up the ghost, -and though rising from the grave, never again presenting Himself before either the authorities or the people generally ; finally, after but occasional interviews with His own disciples, disappearing altogether from the earth, leaving His chosen few to proclaim this story far and wide as the foundation of a world-wide kingdom of heaven upon earth P What inventor would ever have dreamt 01 so construct ing the imaginary life — or of so tricking out the real life — of a religious teacher ? Einally, if the triumphs of Christianity, its present paramount influence over re ligious thought, and the extent to which it moulds human institutions, domestic life, and personal character, belong rather to the head of the External evidence of its truth, the secret of these triumphs and of this wonderful influence, as it lies in the nature of Christianity itself, be longs strictly to the head of Internal evidence. The very name Jesus — given to the Subject of the Gospel History by Diyine direction at His birth — announces at once the professed character of His mission, to be a Saviour from sin. Of course, to be Himself sinless was a neces sary condition of men's trust in Him as such. And strange to say, though the four writers of His Life never have it for their object to. teagh that he was so, nor (as we have said) to teach anything — for these are not preaching histories, but un varnished narratives of facts — 'yet so it is that the sinlessness of Jesus is not more a fundamental doctrine of the Christian Religion than it is the voice of these four histories. The saving character of Christ's work is ever before us in the progress of His life. The Baptist Btruck this key-note when first he caught sight of Jesus in presence of his disciples, " Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sins of the world." To Nicodemus Jesus Himself said, "As Moses lifted up the serpent iu the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whoso ever believeth in Him should not perish but have eternal life " — which was but a veiled announcement of His death on the cross, by looking to which perishing sin ners were to live. But grander still is what follows, holding Him forth not as ascending to the cross from earth but de scending to it from the Father : " For God so loved the world that He gave His only-begotten Son, that whosoever be lieve til iu Uiixx ohould not pni-inli >.nti Irnvo everlasting life." And who is this who has no measure by which to guage the love of God to a perishing world save the gift of Himself for it ? What creature not lost to all sense of decency regarding himself would have dared to use such language, or what writer would have made him so speak, if he never did nor pretended to do so ? Perdition, it seems, overhangs the world ; everlasting life can be reached only by " believing " on TTim with whom Nicodemus was at that moment conversing. Well, either such claims were blasphemous and execrable beyond all that ever came from human lips — in which case they could not have outlived the generation that heard them — or the speaker was no other than God's only-begotten Son, and His ineffable gift to a perishing world, in the faith of whom is wrapt up everlasting life. Need we ask what has been the verdict of all in that world that are most competent to judge from that time to this ? What life from the dead have these words sent into myriads of withered hearts, and and what multitudes of every class, from the rudest to the most refined, have they drawn to the feet of Christ ! Your Renans and Strausses may strive to des troy their historical credit; but so long as such words live in the Gospel History men will believe them, and cast their crowns at the feet of Him that uttered them. Judaism, in which this glory was wrapt up, has burst its cerements. It is the world's Gospel we have now, and the living oracles of the Old Testament have not perished, but only been irradiated and transfigured by those of the New. But surpassing as was the Death of the Cross — in its incidents unparalleled, and in its whole complex character possessing a power to command the heart which no other event ever had or will have — it is the Resurrection of Jesus which has given even to that Cross the influence which it possesses over the hearts and minds of men. This was the absolutely new event in human history, and in its influence as unparalleled as in itself new. ' With the external proofs of the reality of this resurrection we are not now con cerned. But it hardly needs them. It could not possibly be false, else in a few weeks, or months at most, the cheat, delusion, or whatever else it might be, would have been certainly discovered and exposed — instead of its being immediately embraced as an indisputable and soul- quickeniug fact by thousands, and thou sands more from day to day, on the very spot where it was affirmed that it occurred, and the faith of it still growing, and death itself being preferred to the denial of it, and even to silence about it. This event confirmod all the claims of Christ, sealed all His teaching, and showed the death of the cross to be the lite of the world ; but over and above this, it changed men's whole view of the future life, and of an uncertain and undefined futurity to be hoped for after death, into a definite personal existence in the body raised from the dead, after the model and by the virtue of Christ's resurrection, to die no more. Let men speculate about about this as they will, the world once possessed of it will never let it go. It is an undying inheritance. Nor is it a barren faith ; for not only does the Chris tian Church glory in it and every Chris tian live in the bright hope and die in the supporting assurance of it, but Christen dom — in the widest sense of that term- does in a number of ways indirectly mani fest its influence, and, we may say, is nobler for having the faith of it pervading its body politic. Iu short, the ideas which rule Christendom, as distinguished from all other lands, are due to Christi anity, either immediately or indirectly; and whether religiously, morally, socially, or politically considered, Christianity is in the strictest sense " the salt of the earth," " the light of the world," the secret of all its present well-being, and its sole hope for the future. We have dwelt, exclusively on the truth of the Gospel History, for three reasons : first, because this is the question of the day — on which turns the question of Revealed Religion on the one hand and of utter un certainty on the subject of Religion on the other : next, that by one or two specimens we might show how exceedingly rich this mind is of which we have scarcely gone beneath the surface ; but chiefly, because if the credit of the Gospel History be destroyed, Revealed Religion goes down with it ; whereas if the truth of the Gos pel History be established, Christianity is from heaven, Jesus is the Son of God, and believing in Him we have life through his name ; God is reconciling the world unto Himself by Jesus Christ, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and men set ting their seal to this are reconciled to God. Thus, according to the ancient and noble bymn, we say of Jesus, " When thou hadst overcome the sharpness of death, thou didst open the kingdom of heaven to all believers.', Set over against this the following appalling words of Strauss's Dedication of the Peoples' Edition of his " Life of Jesus" to his only brother — written from his deathbed, but printed unchanged after that event, which occurred but a few months before the publi- cation: " Thou, dear brother, hast borne up with a manly spirit under long years of bodily suffering without foreign crutches, sustained alone by what thou art and are able to know, as a man and a member of 'this spirit- filled, God filled world ; in cir cumstances which might have taken the faith of the most believing out of them, thou hast retained thy courage and reso lution ; thou, when all hope of life was gone, didst never yield to the temptation of deceiving thyself by leaning on a here after ! " Frightful as this is, we are glad to get it as " the last word" of blank pantheistic negation. And who, after reading it, does not feel himself driven to Jesus with those words of Peter on his lips, ' Lord, to whom shall we go ? Thou hast the words of eternal life: and we believe and are sure that thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.,' 