WHY NOT TRY SPURREY? H APOLEON the Great is credited with the remark that he never could find the word "impossible" iu his dictionary ; perhaps tbe man who uttered this bitter satire on sloth was —as he has sometimes been described —an ambitious madman, but it seems to us that if his ghost could; without great inconvenience, carefully bite some of the leadens of the agricultural destnies of Western _ Australia—-the spritual fangs of the* departediJKero would at least cause something to be attempted, something maj-be <ione. A short pieface aacLa." book worth, "heeding. Here followeth therefore ithe substance of the advice given some little time ago by Mr. Henry- Webb, on the beat treatment of light jsandj soils, which, severely left alone, jare a,pt to produce little else bat anathemas. It is .admitted on all iiands that .the man who makes a Wade of grass grow where none has .grown before, deserves well of his <country. Peradventue it may be .-surmised that be who shows the way .of how sheep may be fed, where ino «1aeep have been fed before, is also to be held in respectable esteem. That .guerdon being possibly in. view, we commend, in all seriousness the following to our readers. As if he "was speaking to West Australia instead of to England, Mr., Webb says : " In many parts of the country ihere are, as we know, thousands of >acres of poor, light,;sandy, soil, lying •comparatively uncultivated or an. remunerative." If :ihe sterility of ithese lands was absolute, silos would be of no avail; but the "fact is that- the -sterility of these lands is not absolute. MR H. Webb, sp&aking; from his vast experience pn th^,,«states of Lord Walsingham, says ihat he is of decided opinion that it is possible to bring dhem under cultivation to the undoubted advantage of the owners and .the general community. In Lord Walsingham's case these lands would .grow neither grass, nor clover, yet acting on the advice of Mr. Webb, that nobleman succeeded in selecting 1 a. plant admirably ^ suited to these soils, and which, makes an excellent food for the use of the cow keeper and the flock master.. After due consideration and enquiry ' Spurrey' £Spergula arventis) was decided on, .and the practical trials made by Mr. H. Webb have fnlly maintained the position claimed for it, that it can be profitably cultivated on light sandy aril.- Spurrey is an adnual plant of the pink and carnation family (Caryophyllaceoe), and is largely cultivated in different parts of the continent of .Europe. Jt yields a,, rapid erop of succulent herbage.. When ripe the capsules bur it and shed black seeds, which are said to be equal in nutritive value to rape cake. These seeds are bruised and given to horses and milch cows, and have thje. effect of increasing the quautity and improving the .quality of the milk. Abounding on light inferior soils, ttte plant is greedily . eaten by sheep and cattle, and is pronounced very wholesome and nutritious. •One ounce of practice is .worth a ton of theory. The trial- as desired was & severe one. --The . land selected was a piece of twenty, acres of blowing £and, and so poor in quaUty that it had -seldom, produced either corn or roots, and for the last two or three years had been entirely abandoned to nature. Only here arid there a spire <ofquickgrass (Ifiticum repeus) was to Hoe seen. -.Alabut the middle of Apnlfhe" plotiglP^ias lightly run over the land, and the seed sown at the rate of 141bs.-to the acre. The plant grew" rapidly:. "In July it was-from ±welve;^to fourteen inches high. It was then fit to feed off with sheep, And as Mr. Webb says, " I told the shepherd to; fold on. it at night. What a look of horror he gaye ! ' The sheep,' he said, 'will never eat such stuff T And toily fox- the first three or four nights ihey^did not seem to care very much for it. They ate but little. Then one- morning the bid shepherd came to me with a very long face and said,* Jest as I expected —that, .stuff'-s >a : killin' the. sheep.' One had died during the night, but a post mortem examination made in my presence at once proved that the animal had died frum inflammation of the lungs, the .attack being one of no recent standing. With blank astonishment the shepherd received the instruction that I now gave him. * Ton" must continue' -to fold off the spurrey; we will see how many more it will kill.' lb some five or six days the sheep had taken to the food, eating it clean up every night. They seemed particularly partial to the seed capsules. Daring the foni* or five weeks they" werefoldedin the piece, they got no other food except wha,t little they picked up on a somewhat bare sheepwalk in the course of the clay. There was no other case of sickness or mortality among them; they improved; in condition, and for • several days after the food was finished > they manifested a desire to go back to the place. Even the shep- ; herd was satisfied. He was sorry when:the spurrey was done, and now loots on,it as an excellent food for sheep." So far Jthe great seed authority, Mr: H^nry ' Webb, in lecture delivered . on the 17th March, 1884, at the South Kensington Musepm, at which the Prince of Wales was' present. We have sandy plains or tracts >iti abundance, and to spare, on which to try spurrey, and so increase our flocks, our wool ex porta, and our mutton sripply. If not tried why not? .Why not try spurrey? 