Looking Ahead. Bt Memo. And looking ahead, we find that when the Wagga meeting has joined the majority of good things, the most important events to be discussed are the A. J. C Summer Cup at Randwick, on Boxing Day, and -Tattersall's Cup to be run. at ltandwick at the annual meeting of that club. The Summer Cup closed with 55 nominations, and Tattersall's Cup with 68. Amongst those engaged we find nearly all the most prominent performers of the day. Algerian, who showed such, unquestionably good form at Randwick, went down in all his races at Flemington. In the Melbourne Stakes he started next. best favourite to Trident, but although favoured by the distance failed to live it out with Silvermine and Dunlop, who subsequently proved the running a true bill by the positions they occupiedat the finish for- the Melbourne Cup. In the great bet ting race, Algerian ran a great horse until entering the straight,' when even his light weight failed to help him, and he faded away when called upon to see the battle out. Then, in the Royal Park Stakes, he gave convincing proof of his inability tD Btay, for, though the first mile and a quarter was as slow as a top, he was unequal to the task of outpacing Carlyon in the run home. Therefore, he may fairly be set down as a non-stayer ; but, as a mile and a-half is evidently within his knowledge, -he may give trouble here, that is unless the great amount of knocking about he has had has wearied him for a time. The veteran Acolyte has two very meritorious deeds to his credit, winning the A* J. G. Great Metropolitan Stakes in 1885 ; and, with 7st. 121b., running second to Cardigan for the last 'Metrop.' He has not carried silk since the late A. J. C. Spring Meeting, and therefore may be ex pected to strip pretty fresh when next the girths are tightened. The up-country horse, Annandale, has on several occasions given evidence of undeniable pace ; but it may be that a mile and a half will prove very troublesome, unless he be very kindly treated by the handicapper. As a two-year-old Acme had few equals, and although she has not carried her colours to the front for some time, the- way in which she cut out the running for Trident in the A. J. C. Derby and Craven Plate, and for Tamarisk in the Oaks, showed that she had not lost all that brilliancy which made her so famous as a youngster, and if she retains her form she may add further to her laurels. Since he won the Melbourne Cup last year, Arsenal has not troubled the judge, and as he is clearly a ? difficult horse to train, it may be that we shall not see him at the post ; yet the absence of all his stable mates tends to the belief that his straight-going owner thinks otherwise, and, as Mr. Gannon is beyond doubt one of the soundest judges of horseflesh in Australia, he may be right. AbnerV name appears only in the Summer Cup, so it may be assumed that his imme diate friends are pretty well satisfied that he is not In love with a two-mile journey. Upon the other hand, Adam is missedfrom the shorter distance race, but finds a place in Tattersall's Cup. Adam is by Melbourne, from Ada, and about his best performances were carrying 7st. 41b. and beating A.ga 9st 111b. by a neck for the Lisraore Jockey Club Handicap, two miles, in 3.38 ; and winning the Wallsend Flying Handicap, one mile, with 7st. lib. up from Bed and Black 6st. 41b., Bonnie Bee 8st- lllb., &c.; Though fast when in the humour, Aristocrat rather belies his title ; and the unfortunate affliction of bleeding at the nose when sent fast work will pro bably prevent us from ever seeing the best of Bnrrilda, The form of Belvoirina and Beggarman is too recent to need reference, but Bowmont, who is only engaged in Tattersall's Cup, has every appearance of growing into a really fine animal ; but he will need time. Bonnie Doon, who is only in the mile and a-half event, has not done any good since she came to this side of the border, but then until quite recently she was as fat as a show mare, and could not have been expected to exhibit her true form. She may give a fresh line at Canterbury to-day, and if so it will be welcome. It may be that we have seen the best of little Ben Bolt, but '.in. any case there is no end of public running to aid the handicapper in putting him In his proper place, and Cardigan's victories in the Hawkesbury Handicap and the Metropolitan tell us all that is necessary about him. If Cairo could be kept sound we should find that we had another racehoree amongst us, but after all the time and trouble Allsopp expended upon hia hoofs, it seems that it is next to impossible to keep the black son of Goldsbrough right. 'With her ever memorable mile still fresh in our memories, Crossfire must always command respect in any company ; but she does not appear to be at all under-rated by our handicapper, and as a rule comes in for a little more than she deserves on the score of -weight. Consider ing that Carlyon was regarded as being decidedly off colour at the recent V. R. C. Spring Meeting, he did wonders in lowering the colours of such a performer as Algerian, and subsequently appropriating one of the principal handicaps ; and those deeds render it a very easy matter to sum up his form. The stable ha6 a more than useful filly in Enigma when the length of the journey does not exceed a mile and a-half, and she is capable of a deal of improvement. Emerald has been a great disappointment, and bo has the well bred Enfilade, while First Chester hi in such favour with the handicappera that he had better retire. Fraud has had a run of ill-fortune, but he is a dangerous customer when cast loose ; and the last Metropolitan running gives a clear line as to the merits of Upper Cut. Frisco must 6how great im provement upon his Flemington form to have the ghost of a chance with a racehorse, and it may be that the little fellow is in need of a holiday. Fiist Flaneur and Melanion have more than ones given evidence of pace, but their ability to stay has yet to be tested. There can scarcely be a doubt but that Honeydew was not quite in his best form when last he appeared in public, for, though he has never evinced any fondness for a distance, Mb wonder ful pace 6hould have served him better in some of the shorter races in which he stripped. If not over burdened, he may be a bad horse to beat in the Sum mer Cup, but I should be sorry to stand him at any weight over a two-miles journey. Impulse would seem to have seen her best day, and the Wagga running will tell us a fresh tale about Invennay, Pasha, Phaon, and Spade Guinea. Xitawa and Leichhardt belong to that game, consistent class that is always dangerous in any company ; but it is so long since we saw King's Own that he may be said to have been almost forgotten. There are few better colts than Niagara, but there must always be a chilling doubt about that leg, and it is questionable if he will ever stand a severe preparation. Morok would seem to have faded away to nothing, for he has never shaped like a racehorse since he ran second and fourth to Cardigan for the Hawkesbury Handicap and the Great Metropolitan Stakes. Peeress, Marie, and Rosebud must be very tenderly treated to allow them a chance with racehorses ; but Silvermine and Silver Prince must be regarded with the greatest respect whatever be their imposts, and the many per formances of the honest Trenton speak for themselves. There is plenty of reliable running to guide one to Yabba's exact form, and Borella, Solo, The Queen, Touchstone,|Thunderbolt, Toronto, Willeroo, and Vol cano 6hould not give the handicapper much trouble. 