CHAPTER IV. From that time a change came over Os car Bent. He did not cease his visits to Hawksncst, or show any different feelings to Myra, save that he was less attentive than of yoro, but more courteous in his demeanour when they met. The change lay in his general mode of action. Hither to he had been tho princo of idlers, now he became vigorously active. Swimming, boating, and fishing became his sole study. An old fisherman, who lived alone amongst the crags of Mount Tangahiti and who knew overy shoal and rock along the coast, was tho young fellow’s coach and tutor, and ho found in Oscar a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to note the change in him. His present mode of living convoyed the impression to her womanly soul, a deep and lasting regret for his misconduct, and not that alone, but this vory distraction from his previous pursuits appoared only as a means whereby he sought to forge! his lovo. If such wa3 the case, Oscar had succeeded to perfection, for the girl readily forgave him and returned to her old ways in his company. The cliango had its effect also upon Myra’s father and his friend. By degrees tho prejndico felt by those twain against him melted away. He was so hearty and genial to both, that, thinking they had hastily misjudged tho man, they were all tho more ready to extend tho hand of friendship. Meanwhile, Myra and|Harry were drawn , together, with the inevitable result. Their hearts had long beat in sympathy, and their lips could not withold the secret. Ho pro posed in his honest, straightforward fash- , ion, and was accepted. She loved him, ] and why should she be prudish and assume . a doubt when no doubt existed ? So she said, il Yes,” and there was great rejoic ing at Hawksnest. j Oscar Bent was very warm in his con gratulation. Ho told Myra that he was i pleased at her choice in spite of what had happened, and to Harry he said that of all . men in New Zealand, he would have chosen him to marry his “ sister Myra.” ] Harry thanked him and replied that ho ( would endeavor to make her happy. He : purchased a block of land near the villa, : and gave orders for the erection of ajsub- i stantial dwelling thereon. As Oscar • showed some architectural taste, ho was often consulted about the work going on. He gave his advice cheerfully and seemed ; anxious about the house as if it had been his own. While all these preparations were going ; forward, Oscar and Harry spent much of : the time together in the formor's sailing boat, cruising about the rocky coast. Harry was vory fond of the wator, and Oscar's cutter was a wonder, in tho way of boat building. It wanted just a week to the all import ant day, that was to see Myra and Harry ; man and wife, when Oscar and Maydale went out for a day’s sail. It was a late autumn day, rather cold, with a chopping wind knocking about the sea. Tom Wildelove helped them to get the boat ready, and advised them to keep well in shore. . “ There is no knowing what such a morn- , ing may bring forth in the way of a gale ere night,” he said. “ We are not going far, sir,", answered Oscar; then turning to Harry he added, “Ifyou think there’s anything to fear, pray don’t go, ” Harry laughed. “ I’ve been used to a rough life, and therefore don’t mind rough weather. Be sides you can manage your boat to porfec “No man bettor, I’ll go bail,” ejacu lated .Tack Cod, the old fisherman, who stood by, smoking a short black cutty. They ran the boat down and leaped in as sho shot into tho sea. The square main sail and foresail were set, with a reef in the former, and Oscar took tho helm. “ I think wo will run out by tho Tanga Reef, we get less wind there,” he said. “I understood the Tanga rocks were dangerous,” replied Harry. “To those who have not studied them, no doubt they .are,” responded his com panion, “ but there is no real pleasure without a trifle of danger to give it zest. I know every foot of thiB coast, and can sail within pistol shot of the reef. You shall see.” ' . As the boat got out into the trough of tho short waves he was. in high spirits, and his manner was more like that of a school boy let loose for a holiday than a man out for an hour’s enjoyment. 11 You are gay this morning, Oscar.” “Very gay, my friend You shall wit ness some fine sailing this.day, if the wind only holds.” “ It will hold, I think.” “I hope so.. Beside I have a surprise in store for you, Maydale.” ’ “What is it.?” “ You shall see presently.” The Tanga rocks lay about two miles and a half to the east qf the cliff at Eldonbury, and they-were worthy of being termed ' dangerous. Black in. 'appearance, and fatal to nny vessel, large or small, that chance might cast in their vicinity. - At high tide they peeped no more than a few feet above the waves on a calm day, and when the wind was high, foam alone marked their whereabouts. At low tide they were still surrounded by water, for they were ugly, razor- backed masses of stone, that had their foundation in the sand full fifty fathoms down. On this day, and at the hour the boat started, the tide was almost at its highest point, and nothing but foam about them could be seen. As they drew nearer, Harry, who had some little knowledge of seamanship, saw that the placo presented ono huge bar of white curling breakers in front, and to right and left of them, with not so much as the ghost of a passage for the boat, which was now madly plunging right in amongst them. “It is madness to attempt a passage there, he shouted. “ Put up the helm !” “ You coward, be quiet,” cried his com panion, laughing hoarsoly. “I told you I was going to surprise you, so I am.” “ Put up your helm, or by the-” “ Do you threaten me, and heret" in terrupted Oscar, with an oath, his face suddenly assuming the ferocity of atiger Harry saw the change, and know' what it meant. Ho had seen many dangerous men during his wandorings, and ho saw that ho had ono to deal with now. “ H—II seize you,” yelled the now in furiated Oscar. “Keep back from me. The sight of you is poison to my soul. For months I’vo played my game and fooled you all. I’vo brought you to your fate, and yondor whito-faced cat at home may mew for your coming until the trump of Before ho could utter .another word, Harry throw himself upon him, and a fu rious struggle took place for the posses sion of tlio tiller. They were both strong men, one with a latent devil in him fight ing for revenge, tho other battling for his life. Do all ho could, Harry Maydale could not move his antagonist from his grip of tho holm, until the frail vessel crashed upon the rocks. “ Hurrah 1 This shall be your wedding day,” shrieked Oscar, and tho next moment tho soa and rocks rent tho craft to pieces, and both men went down. They were locked together as tho waves cast them up again to the surface, and Oscar, being nearest to tho sharp-cutting reefs, received a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to relcaso his hold upon his rival. Harry was a strong swimmer, but he was half stunned, and blinded by the spray. Ho felt that the chances of escape were small, but tho thought of Myra nerved him to make the effort. How long ho fought with the whirling eddies, and tho seething cauldron into which he had beon cast, ho never could estimate. A man will fight hard for hi3 life, and especially a man on tho eve of being married. After much buffeting, and when his strength was well-nigh gone, Harry Maydale found himself in smoother water. Even here he was tossed and : tumbled about like a worthless cork, until i suddenly a far-off voice reached his ears— 1 “Ahoy, mate! This way;” and tho 1 exhausted swimmer knew it was the voice ' of Jack Cod, the fisherman. By-and-by a 1 boat approached, and a rope was cast close 1 to him, which he seized and held. ! “ I saw your danger, my lad, mid ]>uL , out after ye,” cried the old salt, as ho , hauled Harry into the smack. “ But, I £ say what has become of Mr. Oscar?” 1 “ Where is he?” gasped Harry. There was a pause for a moment, and ( then Jack cried out— } “ Ah, there he is, in the whirlpool of ’ the Tanga !” “ Steer for him. Fifty pounds if you j save him!” ‘ Tho fisherman steered, but it was too late. Oscar Bent, like his antagonist, was completely exhausted. Just at the ] moment when he saw his hated rival safe ] in the boat, a huge wave lifted him bodily i up, and dashed him a mangled corpso on the reef. - i “ A dangorous man, Harry. You had a narrow squeak for it, boy,” said Tom ' Wildelovc. 1 “I had indeed, sir,” said tho young fellow, doffing his hat, with a feeling of ] reverence and gratitudo. The two were walking tho little garden path before the villa, a week after tho i tragic affair, at tho Tanga rocks. “It was wise of you to keep tho affair to yourself, Harry.” “Aye, sir. Better bear it than let . Myra know what was hidden in her old j playmate.” “ To be sure, lad. Your wedding will j have to bo postponed for three months ; that will bo a trial.” - , . “ Perhaps, sir.il And so it was settled. Only two men in Eldonbury knew the I secret of that catastropho at the Tanga 1 Reef. 