VISIT OF BISHOP HOORE. ST. MARY'S CHURCH, HAMILTON. There was a large gathering at tbe above church on Thursday morning, when the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of the diocese, attended for the purpose of admioistering the rite of confirmation. At about ten o'clock the candidates, for the sacrament, numbering no less than 95, were formed in procession by Mr. Meyers at the school room adjoining the Fresbytery, and, headed by Misses Avendoph and Lamphiere, marched through the Presbytery grounds to tbe church, singing the well-known hymn, Faith of Onr Fathers." The girls were tastefolly attired in white dresses and wore wreaths and veils, and the procession looked very pretty. The seats in the nave of the church had been reserved for the young people, and on their bring accommodated,, the Bishop proceeded to test their knowledge of the Christian doctrine. The answers of the candidates were as a rule promptly and intelligently given, indicating that the children bad been folly prepared by their instructors for the important sacrament. In a few cases tbe natural nervousness of a child when catechised by a Bishop showed itself, but Dr. Moore must have been well pleased with the general resnlt of his examination, as he did not find it necessary to reject a single candidate. And tbe tests to which the Bishop subjected vuc vuuuivu wctc witonuy uivre severe LIUUI is usual on snch occasions. At tbe close oi tbe examination the Rev. M. J. Shanahan celebrated Mass, coram episcopo, after which the Bishop assumed the mitre and crazier. The Bishop made a short address to the candidates for confirmation. He told them they were about to receive one of tbe most important sacraments of the church, and therefore one that required every prepara tion. It was a sacrament which, as they were awsre, coold uot be receired a second time, and which, as their catechism in formed them, imprinted on the soul a spiritual mark that could not be effaced. By confirmation tbey were made soldiers of onr Divine Lord and they could not make too great preparation to receive snch a sacra ment worthily. The world was foil of great dangers to the Christian, hence the necessity for the sacrament which enabled them to overcome the temptations that would assail them. What blessings did they re ceive in confirmation? They were pro mised by onr Divine Lord Himself , that they would receive tbe Holy Ghost, the third person of the Blessed Trinity, who was equally God with the Father and the Son, equally omnipotent and perfect, and proceed ing from the Father and the Son. That was what tbe church taught to them, and that every Catholic was bound to believe. The right rev. gentlemen described tbe gifts given by the Holy Ghost, and he directed the at tention of the candidates to the influence of the Holy Ghost upon the apostles. Before He came to them they were ignorant men, trembling with fear, bnt tbe Holy Ghost converted them into men of superior know ledge, dispelled their fears, and enabled them to go ont boldly into the streets and preach the Divinity of Him whom the Jews had crucified. . Previously the apostles had been uaauic w uuuereniui uic leacniugn oi suezr Lord, bnt when the Holy Ghost came to them their understanding was enlarged ; from ignorant, stupid men they were con verted into great doctors, and became the teachers of the people. That was tbe effect of the' Holy Ghost upon the apostles, and similar gifts were afterwards conferred on the first Christians. And to-day the descent of the Holy Ghost into the heart of a Christian produced the same spiritual effects. The Bishop traced the career of a Christian from- the time when, as an infant, the sacrament of baptism cleansed him from the sin of onr first parents and prepared him to - become the temple of the Holy Spirit Snch was tbe charity which our Lord showed towards them even at a time when they -did not know what was taking place. Then when the child grew in tile knowledge of tbe Christian doctrine the sacrament of confirmation imparted a seven fold gift, and strengthened him to fight against . and overcome the world, the flesh, and "the devil. He asked tbe candidates what preparation' had they made for the reception of that most important sacrament: The Bishop described eome of the worldV temptationa and alluded to tbe weaknesses < .which so frequently came into the! 'lives of professed Christians. He concluded by urg ing the children to pray earnestly for the Holy Ghost to come ana take entire posses sion of their souls, and their prayer wonld be answered. Jn the future they were cer tain to be subjected to tbe temptations of tbe world, the flesh and the devil, and they should that. morning make earnest inter- ceaDbn for the Holy Ghost to tome to them and strengthen them. The confirmation ceremonies were then pro ceeded with, the Bishop visiting each can didate in torn at the sanctuary rail, it not bring convenient to present them as is usually done. Mr. Meyers acted as sponsor for the hoys and Miss Avendoph for the girls. The Rev. 'Father Shanahan .assisted the Bishop, giving the name taken in confirma tion by each candidate." The Bishop anointed each toild on the forehead with chrism, pronouncing tbe words, Signo te, tigno crude el conlrmo , te; dirismate sahUis, in nomine Patrit et FSii .et Spiritut sancti — Amen." Then followed the stroke on tbe cheek which indicates that the Christian most be prepared to suffer, for hia frith if necessary. With this was pronounced the words, " Pax tecum " 'to which the response was;® cum spiritu tuo. ' The 'recipients of the sacrament then recited the Apostles Creed. . The Bishop addressed - the -confirmees, re minding them that as they had now received the important 'eacramentof confirmation, and beobmeehrolled as stAdisra Minor Divine Lord, it was thrir- dnty to carry ont the obli- cations ihey .hadXnade-2uid lead -worthy lives. Tim church pointed ont the means «f doing eo— by prayer and hy the sacraments. Erayer.,v .was - 'bne. of L|he most powerful weapona Of deftoce against all evils. By prayisr. dt wasithat Jhey wonld obtain the grace a;Gba,SdSaey should not be cpa- tent merely with prayOT.piqreing. end even ing, but thwqldBqnently pray during the day. Oi ihe auacatBeiqmce vaBime of the most important ; if fhey received it worthily tbev 'oonld then worthily receive they ehnnld venture ito receive thehply 'com- eateth v«w% ntJAe oav> sin ririontertMU firm resolution to never offend again Tbeee conditions were necessary in order to receive tbe sacrament of penance worthily. And then they might worthily approach the sacrament of the Eucharist. They should make careful preparation for that sacrament on the previous evening and after approach ing communion tbey should spend eome time in thanksgiving. They were told that there were special moments of grace, and the time of receiving communion was one of those special periods of which they should take advantage to offer their prayers to God. They should also frequently pray to the Mother of God and ask her protection from the enures of tbe enemy The children there that day should have their beads and say that beautifal petition, the Rosary of the Blessed Virgin. If they asked her aid, protection and intercession the Blessed Virgin would grant them. And now that they had received the sacrament of confirmation, he would strongly recommend each of them to join him in taking the pledge. One of the strongest temptations that assails a Christian is the temptation to drink, and he would earnestly recommend them to guard themselves against it, and. repeat the pledge with him that day The pledge was one of great importaoce, and would protect their innocence In the name of God, there fore, he recommended them to rise and join him in repeating the promise. But he did not want any child to do so who objected, or whose parents objected to their taking the pledge. The Rev. Father Shanahan- said there was no compulsion in the matter ; and no child need stand up who did not wish to take the pledge, or whose parents objected. But be himself recommended every person in the church to join in taking it. Without a single exception tbe confirmees, together with a few other persons, stood up to receive the pledge, which the Bishop administered as follows : — " I promise to abstain from all 'intoxicating drinks for the remainder of my life, and I hope in the Lord and by the intercession of the BleBsed Virgin Mary to fulfil this pledge," The Kiflhnn then nrononnoMl the Benedict. ion and tbe service ended. 