ZABINA ZEMBRA. CHAPTER V. «ER FEDERIGO'S FALCON. BY WILLI AN BLACK, Author o! "Macleod of Dare," " A Princeaa of Thnle," &c;, •Naturally Janie Wygram regarded with anything bat favoar the young man who was thus claiming BO much of her oeloved Sabie'a attention; and her jealousy of him made her all the more determined that Sabina should go to Walter Lindsay's party. " But why should I go ?" Sabina said, quite good naturedly. " Some people are interested in such things, but I am not. Standing about among a lot of half-strangers, and trying to talk about things that are quite indifferent to you" "Oh, but Sabie, you dont know," her friend said. "It's not like that at Mr. Lindsay's. They're small parties, and there's no one asked who isn't either clever or pretty or, remarkable in some way, and there is every kind of freedo ni and amusement and merriment. You will find no old people there at all, except mother, who is to play duenna for all of us." " No, no, Janie," Sabina said. " I should most likely be tired by that time of night, and you wouldn't want a kill-joy to come in among a lot of young folks amusing them- " But you can't help going, Sabie, dear," ber friend said insidiously. "Indeed. And why ?" "Not when I tell you that you will confer a great kindness on several people, and on two in particular. That is enough reason for yon, Sabie." Sabina laughed; it was a dexterous piece of flattery. . , ... " But who are the two people in particular? she asked. " Mr. Lindsay is the one, and I am the Other." " Then I will go to please you," Sabina said, in her frank and generous way; and forth' with the glad-hearted Janie made swiftly for her own room to send a little note to Mr. Lindsay, informing him of the joyful news. As the eventful evening drew near the little Mrs. Wygram assumed a more and more important air; for she had undertaken to superintend the domestic arrangements for the young artist; and she was in all his secrets; and very earnest were their contabulations together. But one afternoon she came home looking rather puzzled.1 Jamie," she said to her daughter, " what is it abont a falcon ?" 1 " What falcon, mother ?' "I don't understand at all, but twice today he has said the same thing. Yon see I was remonstrating with him about his extravagance; and really the way he is going on ia absurd. Oh, I assure you, there is nothing in Covent Garden half good enough ; I believe he would telegraph to the Brazils if there was time to get back the things. Well, I was saying how absurd it was, and that people did not expect such entertainments at a "bachelor's house; and then it was he said * I wish there was nothing left but my falcon.' And then again he said—'But when is the faioon to be brought in ?' And when I asked him what falcon, he only laughed and turned to something else." "Mother," cried Janie, "don't yon know? Don't you know the old Italian story ?" The mother looked at puzzled as ever. " Why, it has been told a hundred times. It was about a young gentleman of Florence who wasted all his wealth in giving entertainments to please his lady-love; but she did not care for him; she married some one else; and he went away into the country, very poor, and having nothing left him but his pet falcon. Then by-and-by she became a widow; and she was living in the country, too; and her little boy fell sock, and nothing would do but that be must have the falcon that he had seen flying over the neighbouring garden. SO she went with another lady to the house, and there was her former lover, and he was greatly distressed that there was nothing in the house he could have cooked for them, for she had said that she would eat something. Do you understand now, mother? He bade his servant go quiokly and strangle the falcon—the last of all his possessions— that was cooked and brought in and set before them. And then, of course, when the lady made her request about the falcon, he bad to confess what he had done in order to «ntertain her; and she was so much struck by his generosity that she fell in love with him, and married him. Have you never heard the Btory? The young gentleman's same was Federigo; and the lady's Monna Giovanna. And you may be sure that was what Mr. Lindsay meant, mother; and very certain I am that he wonld be content to. part with everything he has, and to sacrifice pet falcon and everything else, if that would only win him his Monna Giovanna." "And who may she be?" the mother said, demurely. " Ob. of course yon don't know, mother! It would never enter your head—not for a moment—that it was our Sabie who is Mr. Lindsay's Monna Giovanna?" " What fools men are!" the mother sighed. " They may or they may not be; I don't know," the daughter said valiantly, " but I do know that if I were a man I should consider myself a fool if I were not in love with Sabie. And at length the great evening arrived: and everything had been donethat the most anxious consideration conld think of; and all that was wanting now was the presence of " Sabina to irradiate the feast. As a matter of fact, she and Mrs. Wygram and Janie came rather late : all the others had assembled, and were idling away the time in the studio, laughing and joking and examining the sketches; but Walter Lindsay was in front of the houee, by himself and rather nervonsly waiting. Then there was the noise of a cab; the gatebell was rung; and the next moment be was outside and down through the little garden, just in time to receive them. This was rather a dusky thoroughfare; and the yellow gaslamps gave but little relief; bat it seemed to him that when Sabina stepped out on to the pavement—eo tall and queenly she was, and yet with such a frank and generous good-nature in her face—that there was some kind of moonlight around. He had eyes only for ber; he was a little bewildered; she seemed something radiant—here in the dusk. "It is very kind of yon to come," he said; but he did not know what he was saying. He accompanied them into the house. Could this beautiful creature know how great a favour she was conferring by merely stepping within the door ? And she smiled . •o graciously on the little maid who asked them to go into the improvised cloak-room. Did she know that that, too, was a kindness ? —that she could so easily make friends with her winning looks and her gentle manner ? But at this moment Janie Wygram hung back from her companions: and said to him, is a half whisper :— " Is the falcon being cooked ?" "There is no such luck for me," said he ; and then he added quickly: "But do you \- think, now, that Miss Zembra could be prevailed upon to take away some little thing as a souvenir ? There are all kind of things in this ' studio. 'If you found her interested in any of them could you give me a hint? Anything, ' BO matter what, anything in the house." "I don't know," said Miss Janie; bat she conld not add another word then, for she had to follow her companions into the cloakroom. Forthwith he sent word to have supper „„ „„ served as soon as possible; and when these new .guests reappeared he would have them ' Vemaln in the cfr&w; He seemed to 1 r.»< " - ^Eers ^Eom he na u , cm in the fethdlo. It was Sabina whom he wanted to look at these sketches, and medallions, and minatures, and ivhat not; and so anxious was he to interest her, and so strangely did the magic of her presence affect him that his fingers were not eo steady as they might have been. " Why, your hand shakes," she said (for she was rather blunt spoken on occasion). " What is it? Too much Arts Club at midnight ':" It was a cruel speech, though it was not meant cruelly. How could he explain to her what it was that made his hand a trifle unsteady ? Or how could he say to her that he would willingly never enter within the doors of the Arts Club again if she but expressed the slightest wieh on the subject ? "But your other friends, Mr. Lindsay?" said Mrs. Wygram, who considered herself responsible for the propsr conduct of the proceedings. "Should we not go into the studio ?" "Oh, no," said he. "They're all right. Borella is there; he will keep them lively enough." In fact, they coald near the sound of a piano in the distance. " That is another tiling I wanted to warn you about, Miss Janie. Don't you keep insisting on encoreB. Borella is the best fellow in the world, but be is rather noisy, and he likes to monopolize the piano. Now when he wants to go, let bim go; and then we shall have a nice quiet evening by ourselves." Of course Miss Janie knew verv well it was about Sabina he was thinking ; perhaps she might not like too hilarious an evening, for there was something grave and serious in her manner, even with all its gracious sweetness. Then came the butler (he was a butler only at night; by day he was an old min model, and favourably known throughout the studios for his prominent nose and •haggy eyebrows : it should be said, moreever, that his ability in both capacities was marked, and that he conld decant a bottle of port just aa well as he could pose as an sjneient ancient Hit-hUiul Highland ^nn. cateran, nr or » a »<r.wHn<r scowliag miser, or a smiling grandpapa) to say that •upper was served, and Mr. Lindsay escorted these three guests into the dining-room. It jras a clever little scheme. ''Miss Zembra," said he, " ^ill jou tak* this seat, if you please ? Mrs. Wygram has been eo kind as to offer to tike the other end of the table—she oan see that things are going on rightly—and—and the servants understand" It was a clever Ettle scheme; for now, without tear of any mistake, Miss Zembra would be seated next him, and on his right hand also, and there awaiting her was the bouquet he had himself designed for her ; while Mrs. Wygram, instead of being annoyed at not finding herself in the place of honour, considered herself promoted to the position of mistress of the feast. Janie Wygram smiled to herself, bat said nothing ; ana with a light heart Walter Lindsay went away to summon his other guests from the Btuaio. It was a pretty scene at that supper-table when they had all come in and taken their places—the shining silver and the Venetian glass; the shaded candles shedding a soft roseate glow on the cover; the abundant flowers; the baskets of fruit; the faces of the young men and maidens growing blither as the talk became more and more animated. And if there was a trifle too much noise in the neighbourhood of the black-a-vised baritone—who was telling very, very old stories in half-intelligible English, and laughing b D ISterously at the same—well, that was all the more convenient for any of the quieter folk, who perhaps had their own little sentences (timid, and hesitating, and hardly daring to say all that might be said) to communicate to each other in their small, separate seta. Walter Lindsay was not sorry to be able to murmur a word or two unheard by the general crowd; even if there was no particular secret to be conveyed, it was something that he could speak to S ibiua, as it were, alone. And then she wis looking so beautiful this evening—so calm, and bland, and complaisant; and the gracious outline of her neck, as she bent forward a little to listen, was something to steal one's heart away. Her stepmother had said she was a dowdy in her dreBS. Well, on ordinary busy days Bhe generally wore a tight-fitting gown of brownish-grey homespun, with a jackec to match; and her brown felt bonnet was service' able enongh; and if yon had met her in Ken- Bington High-street, or in Cromwell- road, you would have thought little of the costume, though perhaps her stature, and her gait, and the set of ner head might have attracted a brief notice. But to-night there was naturally something different. She wore a dress of pale blue Indian silk, with a fichu of faintly yellow lace coming round the neck and bosom; and for Bole ornament, where the jicku met the gown, there was a bunch of real forget-me-notB. Walter Lindsay looked at these from time to time. What falcon would he not have sacrificed to gain possession of any one of them ? And yet he had a little score to settle with her. If any other person had told him that he had a shaky hand, he would not have heeded much; besides such was not the case, for, although he had the artist's temperament, and was exceedingly sensitive in many ways, his nerves were as sound as a bell. But that Sabina should hive taunted him was too bad; and hei reference to t he Arts Club! " Miss Zembra," he made bold to say (but still in that undertone that he seemed to prefer), " what did -you mean by saying that my hand shook ?" "Did I?" she said, and she looked up. And then something in his manner appeared to amuse her. "If I hurt your feelings I am very sorry." " What did you mean by too much Arts Club at midnight ?" said he, for he was determined to clear himself of the charge. " I am a hospital nurse on occasion," she said, laughing. "I suppose J! spoke pro feBsionally. But really I did not mean any thing serious, Mr. Lindsay—oh, of course, not. "Oh, but I'm going to have it out with you," said he. "I want just to see whether you or I have the steadier hand " " No, no; if I apologize to you " " But I want to see. Now just you lift your wine-glass and I will hold up mine, and we will see who can let them come closest without actually touching." Well, she was good natured; they went through that little nerformance; and certainly both their hands now seemed steady enough. "Can I do more than apologize?" (she said, as she put down her glass again, did not mean to offend you." " Offend me!" He looked at her; that was all. Meanwhile, the robust baritone had chanced to catch sight of that raising of glasses, and imagining that it was merely the revival of an oldf custom, he set to work at his end of the table, and presently there was a good deal of drinking of healths and clinking of glasses, with even an occasional "Utoast an!—seta an !—fert*g !- loss/" It was in the midst of this hubbub of chatter and merriment that Mrs. Wygram found an opportunity of saying to her daughter, who happened to sit next her, "Janie, don't look up the table, but do you know what is going on ? I can tell you. Are yon aware that your darling Sabine is showing herself as nothing else than an .outrageous flirt ?' "She is not, mother?" Janie said, indig nantly. She doesn't know what flirtation is J" "It's a remarkable good imitation of it, then, that is going on up there," said the little old lady, still with her eyes cast down. " I've never seen anything worse anywhere. Why, Mr. Lindsay has not said a word to a soul since we eat down to supper 4 he has eyes and ears for nobody but her! "And whose fault is that?" said Janie; " that is his fault, not hers. Of course, she is kind to him, as she would be to any one sitting in his place. It's little you know about Sabie if you think that of her." "Icanueemy eyeB," said Mrs. Wygram, " and they're older than yours, my girl." " You know you're only saying that to vex me, mother; and you can't do it. No, you can't; I know Sabie better than that." "At all events," the mother said, to close this underhand discussion, "at all events, Mr. Lindsay is having one happy evening in his life." Nor was Mrs. Wygram the only one who was casually observant of what was going on at the upper end of the table. A tall, rather good-looking fellow—a recently elected Associate he was, and very proud of his new honours—said to his neighbour, who was a lively little maiden with a roseate face, a piquant nose, and raven-black hair:— " Who is the lady of the forget- me-nots V She glanced np the table, "Oh, don't you know? That is Miss Zembra—a daughter of Sir Anthony Zembra —the Parliament man, don't you know? Prettv, isn't she ?' "How long have Walter Lindsay and she known each other?" he asked. There was some kind of significance in his tone. "1 think for some time," said his companion. " But I believe she has never been in his house before. She doesn't care for such things—nursing babies and old women is more in her line. It's all very well if they would only wash their faces." "Oh, they've known each other for some time ?" "Ibelieve so." "Oh, they've known each other for some time?'' What did he mean by this repetition ? What he was trying to do, at all events, was to get his companion to raise her eyes to his, to ask what his meaning was; but Bhe was a shrewd little lass, and knew better drawn into any such understand- - \- Well, Isuppose it's none of my business," he said, finally; and that was a very sensible conclusion. And now did Walter Lindsay call down the blessings of heaven on Borella's wildlymatted head; for the noisy baritone had taken to performing conjuring tricks, and the attention of every one at the table was directed towards him. And Sabina wished to look on also, for she loved amusement as well as any one when the chance was there ; but her companion would not let her. He was Bute she had had no Bupper at alL A little more wine, then? for she seemed to like the perfume of that golden-clear vino di Capri. He was so sorry she had had no supper. It was a shame that she had come to his house merely to be starved; perhaps she would never come again after such treatment? Some fruit, then, just to show that Bhe had not been quite neglected ? Not a slice of pine- apple, nor half-a-dozen grapes, even ? Some strawberries, then ? "Grapes and strawberries in the middle of March?'' she said, with a smile. "Really, it is perfectly wicked." And then there was on his^lips some wild reference to Ser Federigo's envied happiness in the destruction of his falcon; but fortunately he did not go so far; he contented himself with engrossing her attention so that she could not see any of the conjuring, and he would have her tell him more of her experiences among the mudlarks down Lambeth way. Were they all so cynical? And not so grateful to her as they might be ? Was she not afraid of having her pockets picked ? And that one of them who was her champion and chief confidant—could he be found out now by a stranger? Would he like to have a good, substantial, midday riinrei ^Iven him, and thereafter a boat that he rrii^ht sail on the ponds in Battersea Park, tupjioeine that sucn an amusement were permitted ? Well, Sabina had a generous faculty of being pleased with whomsoever was talking i to bfcr for the moment; and he was her host, i moreover, and all the others were occupu occupied with their own affairs; so she had leisure to tell him about these and other things. And even the glamour of her clear •oft hazel eyes was working him further and tafther woe. Ber rounded white arms were near him; the dimple, in her cheek showed when she laughed; her beautiful brown hair was still more beautiful in the softened light. Bnt these thiogs were aB nothing. It was her eyes he sought; and' these were sa friendly, and pleased, and benignant that who would have accused, them of working him woe ? Nor did ha care. He drank the sweet madness, the fell poison, without stint, and recklessly and joyously ; this night was to w be UC at ab least icaou one uuc happy uayyj night mguu in his life; "*~ > he —~ nad Sabie all to himself—and he was drink- ! ing in her pleased glances and her smiles aa if they were strong wine: the years to come, whatever there might be in them, could never deprive him of that gold-and-rose-tinted memory. At length the conjuring came to an end, and it waB Herr Borella himself who suggested that they should go away into the Btudio to have a little music ; he had to leave soon, he explained. And then there was a fetching of wraps for the women folk, and somehow Walter Lindsay managed to secure Sabina's long fur cloak, and he it was who put it round ner shoulders, and would even insist that it was properly fastened at the throat, for the nifht was cold. When they went outside into the back garden, at the farther end of which was the studio, they found that the night skies had gro^n clearer, and stars were shining palely overhead. Sabina thought of the dark early morning in East London, and of her crossing from the nurse's dormitory to the wards— she was a little grave as the ghost like procession passed along from the house, through this weird gloom, to the yellow light of the studio door. All within there, however, was brightness ; the gases and candles lit; the fire burning briskly; the piano open : plenty of music scattered everywhere. The great baritone set to work at once; he was frank enough. He sang them " O du, mein holder Abendstern," from Tannhaoser—a young lady in spectacles accompanying him; and then he himself sat down at the piano, and sang— Fem in die Welt, Weit, weit Ton dir, Strahlet dein Biid Tief, tief in mir. One wonld scarcely have expected a man who had been so boisterous and uproarious at supper to sing with BO much feeling; but the quslity of his art was very fine indeed; more than one young woman there waB rather lumpy about tne throat when he finished. Then, after he had sung one or two more things, and bade such as he knew good night, and lit a big cigar, and gone away, the young folks began on tneir own account; and as there happened to be lying open a volume of old-fashioned glees and madrigals and duets, they were soon in the midst of these. It was a careless, happy-go-lucky series of performances; when they broke down, they turned over the page to the next one; sometimes a newcomer would stroll along and give them a helping hand. Bat the young lady in spectacles knew her business at all events; and so in one way or another they Fgot along with laughter and jests thrown in. Now it was " Foresters, sound the cheerful horn," or " The chough and crow to rooet are gone," or " Here's a health to all good lasses," and " Hark, the bonny Christ Church bells," or again it was " Chloe found Amyntas lying," or "Sigh no more, ladies; ladies, sigh no more, Men were deceivers ever." All this while Walter Lindsay was seated on a sofa with Sabina- as his sole companion. On coming .into the studio he had perforce paid a little attention to his other guests; but once he had got them fairly startedon this occupation, he had gone back to her—how could he help it? And Sabina sat and listened, her hands folded, her eyes pleased ; she bad the air of one looking on, rather than of one participating; bat surely it was with no unkindly regard. " How pretty that is!" she said, rather wistfully, on one occasion. The tall young Associate was at the piano ; and it was his neighbour at supper who had now taken the place of the spectacled young lady; and he was bending over the accompanist, so that their heads were very near together—hie a fair chesnut brown, hers raven black. And they were singing—with a careless bass thrown in by a gentleman standing opposite the fire :— " Tell me shepherds have you seen My Flora pass this way." " Yes, it is a pretty air," Walter Lindsay said. "Ah, but I did not mean that," Sabina. said, in her low voice. " It is the picture that looks so [pretty—the two young people together—ana singing" And why, asked Lindsay of himself, should she look and speak so wistfully ? Was she not herself young and more, beautiful than any ? Was she to be for ever a spectator ? Did she regard herself as one cut off from the. amusements, the associations, the hopes of young people? And where waa the need of any such sacrifice? " Tell me" warbled the young lady at the piano—" Tell me /" roared the basso at the fireplace—" Shepherdg, have you seen," struck in the young Associate, who had a very fair tenor voice; but Lindsay did not heed them ; he was thinking of Sabina, and of her way of life, and of her future. And if he was bold enough to consider how easy it would be for her to give him one of those forget-me-nots ? Well, if tbat wild fancy crossed his mind, it was but for a moment. He was far away from that; and he knew it. But why should he fret ? Sabina was here, and by his side; and she was bland and smiling and kind; and ever he drank fresh draughts of bewildering gladness and madness from the shining beauty of her eyes. By this time the black-haired maiden at the piano had had enough of duets and glees. "Go and get up a dance," she said, in her imperative way, to her companion, and as the young painter dutifully obeyed Bhe began to play the slow and gracious music of a minuet. However it was no minuet that was in the yonng lady's mind. She only wished in that way to introduce the idea of dancing. As soon as the easels and chairs and couches had been removed, and the young men were choosing their partners, she started off with "Sir Roger ae Coverley," and that at a rattling pace. "Will you join them?" Walter Lindsay said to his companion, " I think I would rather look on," Sabina answered. " Then give me the dance, and we will sit it out together," said he. She nodded and smiled; that was more to her liking. " Will you give me them all on the same terms ?'' said he quickly. " I don't wish to dance." Bat she did not answer this; she was looking on with interest at the formation of the two long lineB. And so Lindsay and this fell enchantress were left together again; aud as the wild romp in the middle of the floor went on, he was telling her all about his work and his plans for the summer (in answer to her questions, of course), and he was describing to her the secret sylvan haunts he knew, and the remote little inns he Btayed at, and so forth; and as all this naturally led up to his drawings and sketches, he took her away into a corner to show her a big portfolio of these. And meanwhile he was forming a dark design in his brain. When the " Sir Roger de Coverley" ended he withdrew from her side for a moment. " Percy," he said to the tall young painter, " get up a cotillon." " Don't know how." "Ob, yes you do," was the hurried rejoinder. "Anybody will show vou. Do, like a 600a ^!l?w-aud look sharp r And then he was tack at her smC psain. Now, in the corner where the portfolio ftafi, there stood a triangular Chippendale cabinet, filled with the various kinds of brie a brae ; and amongst these—and the gem oi the collection—was a small chalice of rock crjBt&l;, elaborately studded i ound with uncut stones of uirem colours. In itself it was & most beautiful thing; besides which it was obviously of great age and value. Sabina was looking in at these shelves with a woman's curiosity. " Do you know what asked of her. She glanced over her shoulder carelc=sly. " No." "It is a cotillon," said lie, rather breathlessly. " And you gave it me, you know." I " Did I':" said she, with something of an amused look. What could it rruUer whether ! she had made this useless DromUe or nut ' " Oh, yes, you did," he said, e^ily. ' "We are in it, if we choose. And do you know what the peculiarity of this dancc is ? —that you are allowed to make your partner a little present. Oh, I assure you it is eo— and—and this is what I want you to accept from me." He opened the cabinet, and took out the jewel-bestudded wine cup. Sabina rather shrank bac k. " Oh, no ; oh, no," she said. " You are very kind—but—but I have no pla ce to keep such things; besides, I could not take it, Mr. Lindsay, please be kind enough not to ask me." Her eyes were earnest; aud they could make him do anything. But he waB unsatisfied, and anxious, and a little bit recklesB, perhaps. " Then if you will not take, will you give ?" he made bold to say, but under his breath. " Miss Janie says that is more in your way. And if I ask a favour of you ? You will take this little cup? Well, you could make it thirty times more valuable to me if you would drink something out of it. Will you ?" She looked surprised; but not offended; she did not quite understand. " Why, what difference will that make ?" she said. But before she had finished the words he had gone away over to a little buffet that Mrs. Wygram was improvising for the dancers, and the next moment be had returned with a bottle of wine in his hand. He poured a little of the foaming fluid into the chalice and offered it to her. " Is it a ceremony':" Sabina asked, with a smile, and she took the chalice from him. " Yes, it is part of the dance," he answered, glad oi any excuse that would obtain for him this gracious favour. " Do I say anything ?" Do I wish anything?" Sabina asked. . " 1 - will do -- the wishing," : —y he answered, . • quickly; and then she raised the wine cup to her lipe and drank a little, aud then gave it back to bim. He could ouly look his thanks. Mrs. Wygram's eyes had followed him across the room. And what do you think of your Sabie now?" Bhe exclaimed to her daughter, who was assisting her. " Just the same as ever—why ?"' was J anie'e answer. " Vou did not see what shs did jast now ?" " No." " Well, then, I'll tell you; she drank out of that crystal wine cup, just to please him, I suppose, and he put it back in the cabinet!" " And why shouldn't she," said Janie, bravely. " To please him ?—very well. She would do that or anything else to please any man, woman, or child who happened to be there. Mother, what has set you all of a sadden against Sabie ? You kno<v it's just her universal kindness." " Kindness !" said the mother, with a gentle sarcasm. " Perhaps it is. Bat I have never seen a more abominable piece of flirtation in all my born days." And with that she wc-nt to bid the model butler bting some more lemonade and seltzer water, for the young lady r.t the piano had begun to play a wild Highland schottische, and Mrs. Wygram had enongh experience of these scratch parties to know what that meant. They kept up the merry-making to a very early hour indeed ; but after Sabina and the Wygrams had taken their departure, Lindsay did not seem to heed much what was going forward. And at last he was left alone —in this big studio—with the diijecta membra of the revels all around him, and he sat down to think over everything that had happened during that eventful evening, even to the smallest^ details wherever Sabina had been concerned. AndBO Ser Federigo had not sacrificed his falcon after all, though bis offer of the jewelled chalice was a little tentative effort in that direction. No; so far from his being .poorer by her coming to the house he was ever so much the richer; that was like Sabina, as the faithful Janie would have maintained. The whole of this big studio seemed saturated with the charm and wonder of her presence. Here she had sat 2 her hands folded in her lap. talking to him in her Eoftly modulated voice; there she had etood, her beautiful neck bent over the drawings and sketches, her praise and admiration frank and ready enough. It was by the side of that easel she had taken the wine cup—now a hundred times more precious to him than it had been before— into her gentle hand, and raised it and touched the rim with her proudly cut lips, and given it him back with BO gracious a smile. He was beginning to understand her now. If you said " Take!" her answer was "No ;" if you said " Give !'' her answer was " Yes." But all through these visions and recalling of visions it was her eyes that chiefly he saw; and they were regaiding him somehow, and always they were pleased, and generous, and benignant towards him. He made no effort to banish the memory of that look. w t t 