LOCAL NEWS. THE RAINFALL ON UPPER PATERSON.-An old resi- dent of the Paterson writes us :-" It may interest some amongst your numerous readers to know what Che rainfall has been here for this 'half year up to now, and aWo what it was in the corresponding first half year of last year, viz., 1886, Last year, from 1st January to 1st July, 19 inches 474 points ; this year, from ditto, 39 inches 54 points-which fell so much each mouth, as follows : January 8.55 points, February 8.60, March 5.63, April 11.65, May 1.90, June 3.21." A WARNING TO THE CHARITABLY-DISPOSED. Doubtless the great difficulty most people experi- ence in administering private charity is to discrim- inate between the deserving and unworthy where the applicants are not' personally known to them. It is possible that an injury would be done to many poor porsons deserving of sympathy and assistance if a hard and fast rule were established in dealing with such cases. It is also evident that discretion should be used in almsgiving. For some days a. lazy, hulking fellow, repulsive in appearance and nasty in manner, has been soliciting aid from householders in West Maitland., He tells a very pitiful tale of distress : he has no work and no money, and is obliged to beg sufficient food to sustain his body, though begging is an occupation to which he is unaccustomod. In this way he works upon the unsuspecting members of the community, wfho need a word of warning. The fellow is becoming a public nuisance, and it is evident he is being provided with means foi indulging his propensity for idleness and drink. He was discharged from gaol-quite recently, and has been begging from door to door under different names. He is very persistent in his demands for assistance, and when unsuccessful he becomes cheeky and offensive. As he is in the habit of sleeping in the verandahs of private houses at night, it ia possible that he will fall into the hands of the police before long. " LITTLE LONDON'S " ADVERTISEMENT.-Wo re- gret that by a change made in this office in Mr. London's advertisement of a great drapery sale next Saturday, it was made to appear in our last issue that the sale was to begin on that day; Mr. London went to Sydney leaving us the copy of an advertisement for Saturday, announcing a sale for next Saturday, and promising instructions by telegraph to insert it or not, according to the results of some arrangements he was contemplating. He duly wired us, but we changed "next Satur- day " into " to-day Saturday," contrary to our customer's wish, but supposing we were expressing more clearly his intention. We meant well, but were mistaken. SIONOR LARDELM'S CONCERT.-Lovers of music are reminded that Signor Lardelli, assisted by the Signora his wife, Mr. Bivers Allpress, and Mr. Searl, will give a concert in the Maitland School of Arts, to-morrDw evening. That will be his firBt entertainment in Maitland since his return from England, but the interest of the concert will, of course, centres in Signora La-rdelli, a Maitland lady, whose naturally good powers.of Bong, cultiv- ated by a course of training in London, will be heard once more in her native place with delight. Mr. Bivers Allpress is a noted volinist, and Mr. Searl is a tenor singer, well esteemed in the metro- polis, and favorably known also in Maitland. RAINFALL AT STROUD.-A resident of Stroud sends us the following record of the half-year's rain- fall at that place : January. February . 7 March. 8 April . 12 May. 6 June . 2 Inches. Points. Total . 43 ... 85 SAM: OP TASMANIAN MERINOS.-Attention is directed to the sale, by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, of their annual consignments of choice Tasmanian merinoes (rams and ewes), which have been speci- ally selected from the studs o Messrs. W. Qibson and Son, Thomas Gibson, Robert Taylor, Robert Viney, and other equally noted breeders in the colony of Tasmania. The sale will take place at the Australasian Wool Stores, Central Wharf, Sydney, to-morrow (Wednesday) morning, at ten o'clock. The advertisement appeared in our last issue.-Communicated. . « SALE OP TIMBEE.-By advertisement elsewhere it will be noted that Mr. M. Moore will sell, at the new bridge on the rood from Dagworth to Louth Park, a number of logs, 53 feet in length, beside« the materials of the old bridge, which consist of girders, piles, slabs, &c.; Sale to-day (Tuesday) at twelve o'clock.-Communicated. THE CASE OP MB. HuirnY.^-Ib was currently reported in West Maitland on Saturday that Mr. Henry Humby, carpenter, whoso mysterious dis- appearance has caused his friends considerable anxiety, had returned to his lodgings. Unfortun- ately the statement has no foundation. Though the search has been continued with assiduity no trace of the missing man has been-discovered. THE HAWKESBURY RAILWAY ACCIDENT.-Tho report from tho speoially appointed Railway Board of Inquiry wa3 formulated on Friday, and it waa presented to the Commissioner for Railways bite during the afternoon. The purport of it has not boen made public, and as its particulars aro su5 judice at present, it has been deemed to be unfair to give publication to thom pending the delivery of a-verdict by the coroner's jury, which may ba looked for shortly.-Herald. TnE VICTORIAN EDUCATION ACT.-A bill for tho amendment of the Education Act will be introduced" during the current session of Parliament. Th» chief objects are to secure greater efficiency and economy in the working of the State school system. The principles of the prosent Education Act are to be conserved in their integrity. State education is to continue free, secular, and compulsory, and the amendments incorporated in the new bill are intended to give more complete effect to those principles by remedying the defects which have been disclosed in the working of the Act. Tho education system of the colony is to be endowed by the reservation of Crown lands, chiefly on the south bank of the Yarra. These lands are to be leased for a term of years, and not sold. It is hoped that in the course of time the revenue therefrom will bo almost-sufficient to defray the cost of public in- struction.-Herald. SAFETY LAMPS.-The following is the minute o£ Mr. Mackenzie, Examiner of Coalfields, on the various mining lamps :-" The ' Mueseler lamp' ia one of four lamps which the British Royal Commis- sion on accidents in mines in their 'summary* report to be deserving of special attention as com- bining a high degree of security with fair illumin- ating power and simplicity of construction, and I beg to recommend that one dozen each of Gray's Marsants, bonneted Mueseler, Evan Thomas's, as well as one dozen each of Davy lamps with shields« and one dozen Davy lamps with a tin or iron casa or bonnet, be purchased as early as possible, as it is very necossary that this department should have them for use when required.-Echo. ACCIDENT TO A CAVALRYMAN.-Trooper H. Lilly man, of the Maitland Light Horse, had the misfor« tune to break his right arm on Saturday afternoon. He and Borne of his comrades were engaged in the exercise of tent-pegging, on the Maitland Park. In his right hand he carried a lance, ana waa about to try hie "kill in its use, when the horse on which he was riding became restive, and, hav- ing a loose rein, presently threw his rider. Mr. Lillyman, as we hav» said, sustained- a fracture of the right arm above the wrist. He was taken to Drs. Morson and Blackwells surgery, whore the injury waB attended to. THE EAILWAY FROM NORTH SHORE TO PEARCE'S CORNER.-The tender of Mr. Edward Pritchard for; the construction of the railway from North Shore to Pearce's Corner was accepted by the Government on Friday afternoon. The amount of Mr. Pritchard'a tender is .£112,750, and the date fixed for the com- pletion of the work is the 31st December, 1888. The contractors have to provide a guarantee oC .£5000 for the faithful carrying out of the work, and the other conditions are of the usual character »? attached to railway contracts, The length of the line ia 10 miles 69 chains, and the cost will there- fore be upwards of ¿£9000 per mile. The work will probably be commenced on Monday next. A good deal of the land required for railway purposes has been given free of cost, and with regard to the rest an understanding has been arrived at that it may be obtained at the Government valuation,-Herald. SHEEP SALE IN SYDNEY.-The steamer Corinna, which arrived from Launceston on Friday, brought the second consignment of prize sheep to be sold at the forthcoming sales. The shipment consists oC 22 cages and 864 loose sheep, valued at ¿816,000. They were shipped to Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe by the Tasmanian Woolgrowers* Agency Company, on account of the following breeders :-Messrs. W. Gibson and Son, Thomas Gibson, H. Gatenby, C. B. Grubb, B. Taylor, C. M. M'Kinnon, R. Viney, Basil Archer, M. Bennett, and F. W. Grubb. Nearly all the sheep intended for sale at the Annual Sheep Fair which will be opened next Tuesday have now arrived. The Corinna was promptly brought along» side the Central Wharf, and no time was lost iii discharging the valuable freight. The shipment comprises about 350 head from the famous Scon« stud, the sheep of which have ere this performed! great service to this colony. Messrs. Brunker anal Wolfe have next Wednesday for their sale. There will be no clashing this year, it having been agreed that the two firms engaged in th« work shall divide the time fairly and sell on alternate days.-Herald* COUNTRY LANDS OFFICES.-Meetings of the board of officers appointed by the Minister for Lands to inquire into the working of the country land offices will be held next week for the purpose of deciding where and when the work will com- mence, and of arranging the plan of operation*. The officers as already announced are :-Mr. , Houseton, inspector of local land offices ; Mr* Condor, chairman of the Land Board at Cowra; and Mr. M'Donald, district surveyor. It was at first intended to appoint three boards of officers for the work; but it has been, upon mature con- sideration, deemed advisable to bring only one into existence. The object of the inquiry is not, as has been seated, to affect wholesale reductions in the staff and expenditure, but simply to ascertain whether the offices are managed in the most efficient manner possible, and whether they can be conducted more economically. There is no in- tention of reducing the 14 existing offices to less than their present number. CLEARING-OTJT SALE.-We direct attention to tha sale, by Messrs. Brunker & Wolfe, at the residence) of Mr. W. G. Smith, Russell-street, H. S.Bend.Wesfc Maitland, of household furniture, kitchen furni- ture and utensils, garden tools, and sundries. The sale will take place to-day (Tuesday), at twelve o'clock.-See advertisement.-Communicated. SALE OP FURNITURE.-We direct the attention of housekeepers, furniture dealers, and others, to the sale,' by Mr. M. Moore, at the residence of Mr. T. B. Austin, Carrington Terrace, Hunter-street, West Maitland, at two o'clock to- morrow (Wednes- day) afternoon, of a superior lot of household f urni- ' ture and other domestic requisites. See advertise- ment.-Communicated. , CLEARING-OUT -SALE AT MUBOLEBEOOK.-By advertisement in our Saturday's issue, Mr. W. Clen dining announces that he will sell (under instructions from Capt. Wheeler, who is leaving the district), the whole of that gentleman's honshold furniture and other effects. The sale will be held at Barc- lay's Assembly Room, Muswellbrook, to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon, at two o'clock.-Commuai- , cated. If you cannot get WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS im one house, it is much better for you to go where yon can get it. GOLD FROM STEWART'S BROOK.-In the shop ?window of Mr. John Hart, watchmaker and jeweller, West Maitland, are shown some specimens of gold recently obtained from crushings at the Stewart's. Brook gold fields, beyond Scone. They aro said to bo fair samples of the precious metal so far obtained. LAND AFPRAISEMENTB.-The sittings of the Gren- fell land board held before Messrs. Edward and Howard, J's.P., conoluded on Friday. They aro the longest sittings held in Grenfell, and the town has been full of visitors. The following are the rents per aero of runs appraised :-Leasehold x Tregalana East, ljd; Brundah, lid; Caragabal, Hd¡ Merool, lid i Mandamah, led; Barmedman, lid; Wentworth Gully, lid; Lower Bolabala, lidj Morangarell, lid; Tinpot, lid; Euroka, lid; Upper Wyalong, No. 3, lid; Tandra, Hi ; Arrama- gong, 2}d ; Bumbaldry, minimum ; Upper Bum- baldry, the minimum ; Warrowrie, 2d ; Bald Hills, lid; Bland, lid; West Bland, lid; Curraburrama, 2Jd; Native Dog, lid; Upper Wyalong, No. 2» 4-5thB of a penny ; Binda, lid. Most of the re- sumed areas were appraised at ¿62 per section. The board also fixed the rents of 29 conditional leases, confirmed 28 applications of conditional purchases and leases, and fixed the rents of the latter ; con. eidered 13 applications of conditional purchases and leases for survey, le, granted several applications for ringbarking and improvement purchases, and other business. Mr. Crommelin, solicitor on behalf of tho lessees, thanked the board for its patience, and its fair and impartial decisions. It is raining heavily. THE NORTH COAST RAILWAY.-A monster meet ingin connection with the North Coast Ballway was hold at Wauchope on Wednesday in the open air, the gathering being so large that no room could be found inside any building. Mr. D. Bain was chairman. Mr. J. B. Andrews moved a resolu- tion to the effect that construction of the North Coast Railway was an urgent necessity. He pointed out that an agitation was now going on in Queensland for the extension of the coast railway in that colony to the New South Wales border. This was likely to be accomplished shortly, and if the proposed northern line in this colony were carried out, the whole coast could be travelled by rail into Queensland. Mr. F. Walsh, JP., seconded the motion. Mr. J. L. Ruthven, J.P., who BUP parted the motion, said that the construction of the proposed line would give the farmers the choic« of two markets, viz., Newcastle and Sydney> .and it would be the best paying line in the colony. Therefore h« looked uponitasa national under- taking. He was acquainted with the route of the proposed railway, and he assured the meeting* that it passed through the finest land in tho world. Mr. T. Platt also spoke in support of the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Bev. J. DaviB moved the Becond resolution, pledging the meeting to use every legitimate means to advanec the movement. Mr. D. Bain seconded the resolu- tion, which waa carried unanimously. A railway league was then formed, and a secretary was appointed. Nearly everyone present joined. Herald. ANOTHER CURE FOR PHYLLOXERA.-A gentle- man who is largely interested in the manufacture of wine in Germany, and who has been all over the *W world studying the different processes of wine ,W making in various countries, in conversation (says . a San Francisco paper) gave some interesting information regarding phylloxera. "When the phylloxera made its appearance in Germany and France," «aid the gentlemen, "the agricultural society passed a law that all the vines should be eradicated, the ground re-ploughed, and no vines planted for three years. The inspector, after the expiration of this time, had to examine the ground to see that no traces of the peBt remained. After the inspection the vineyatdists were allowed to re-plant the vines. Of course, the threo years in which the grounds lay idle meant a losa of thou- sands of dollars. As the vineyardists did not want to grow anything else, I asked three months' grace from the Agricultural Society and obtained it. I set to work to find something that would «radicate the pest. My efforts were successful, and when the three months had expired there was not a trace of phylloxera in my vineyard. My method was to use South Sea Island guano. I put it in mash-tubB, and made a sort of liquid by mixing it 4 with water. We saturate the ground covered with vines as deeply as possible, and even painted the stems of the vines with brushes. The result was that not a trace tf the pest remained, and we never had a better crop of grapes than that year." GOOD DOO,-At a recent entertainment m Mait- land, a novelty was introduced in the shape of pro visions being supplied to the audience. One good lady contributed a number of excellent scones towards the supply which were tastily packed in a basket and forwarded to the place of entertain- ment. The supply was not exhausted and the basket was put by for the next day. The donors of the scones, who had been at the entertainment, returned home and were enjoying supper before retiring when a noise outside led to the opening of the door. They were rather astonished and highly amused at their dog marching in with the basket containing the unoonsumed provisions. Master doggie hod no doubt his eye on his mistress's basket, and in the confusion, managed to seize it and make off without being observed. The givers of the entertainment were rather mystified the next day at the disappearance of the basket -and its contents, until an explanation was received with a fresh supply of the artioles. THE DUTY ON IMPORTED SPIRIT.-An important . alteration has recently been introduced at the Custom-house (reports the Herald) in the mode of collecting the duty on certain kinds of imported Bpirit. le has been discovered that coloured spirits when tested by the hydrometer, do not disclose the actual proof, and that such spirits are, by the ad- dition of colouring matter, entered at a lower pro portionate rate for duty than unclouded spirit. The term " obscuration" used by the Customs 'is defined as "the amount of proof spirit hidden or obscured by matter in solution in a spirituous liquor, or the difference between the true, or actual strength and that indicated by the hydrometer." Theextcntofthediffereneeof strength betweeneeve ral samples of coloured spirit, as shown by the first hydrometer test, and the hydrometer gravity test taken after the removal of the colouring matter, is very considerable. The action taken by the Cus- toms in the matter is supported by section 76 of the CustomB Begulation Act, as follows :-" Any vino, spirit, cordial, or compound, or any other Í ' Ira0* what30ev,er' imported into the colony which Jgiiall contain a greater portion than 41 per centum J\ ol alcohol of a specific gravity of -92 at the tem- perature of 60 degrees acccrding to Fahrenheit's tbermofflêfcer, shall be deemed to be spirits, so as to render the same liable to the payment of duty I thereon at the highest rate which is now or shall hereafter ba fixed-by law as chargeable on any . »pirit whatever." By studying your customers you study yourself, ««»er palm off upon them au imitation of WOLFE'S " LITE, TIMES, AND WORK OF JOHN WESLEY." It will be noticed by advertisement that the Rev. M. Maddern will this week lecture on the above subject in various churches in his circuit. The places and dates are as follow :-East Maitland, this day, Tuesday, July 5 ; Paterson, to-morrow, Wednesday, 6th ; and Largs, Thursday, 8th. At each place the lecture will commence at half-past seven. WEATHER IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-In South Aus- tralia (reports tho Observer) plenty of rain continues to fall at intervals of two or three days, and with the intermediate warm fine weather pastures and crops generally aro showing up splendidly. Nearly all seeding is now completed, though there are still a few who are behind, owing partly to the boggy state of their fields. From correspondents' reports it appears that a larger area than usual ;s under crop this season. The rain appears to have extended to every part of the agricultural country. Farmers and graziers appear to be full of hope. IMPORTANT PROPERTY SALE. -We direct the attention of pastoralists, agriculturists, speculators' and others, to the sale (advertised in our Satur- day's issue), by F. Bacon and Co., at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Wee Waa, of the following valuable properties, in tho estate of tho late Mr. Daniel McFarlane, viz. :-The block of land adjoining the town of Wee Waa, known as the Aberfeldie Estate, containing 30 acres of rich agricultural land ; butchers' shop in Alma-street, Wee Waa ; a large store in the same street ; the old-established hostelry, the Prince of Wales Hotel, Wee Waa ; 6 allotments in the town of We,e Waa ¡ and 2 allot- ments in the township of Gunnedah. The sale will take place on Thursday next, at two o'clock. Communicated. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS is a mild aromatic stimulant, and is essentially suited to this climate. Ask for WOLFE'S. In this colony, where olimatic changes occur so often, a gentle stimulant like WOLFE s SCHNAPPS is needed. A miner named Frederick Neilson has reported to the police (says the Melbourne Age), the proceed- ing's of two sharpers who succedcd in fleecing him of a sum of money. He was accosted by one of these rogues in Bouveri-street, Carlton, on Wednesday evening, and was persuaded to accompany him to the Emu Hotel. Here the stranger casually in- formed Neilson that he was "a squatter from ( Adelaide," and won the latter's confidence by treat- ing him. Whilist these were sitting together in ' tho parlor, there entered rogue No. 2, who, having introduced himself, revealed the remarkable fact that "he had just come into possession of a fortune," whereas, in truth, he had just come out of gaol. The simple miner fell an easy prey to these plau- sible vagabonds, who induced him to bet with them, and he soon lost ¿816 by an oft exposed swindle well known as the " paper trick." Directly after ho had lost his rooney, and as the two rascals were about departing, it suddenly dawned upon the mind of the dup« that he had been the victim of a pair of swindlers. In great wrath, Neilson closed and fastened the door, and refused to allow the men to quit the room with out giving back their ill-gotten grains. There were signs of an approach- ing row, and many violent threats were freely used, but ultimately, finding their victim determined and ngrebsive. the alarmed swindlers disgorged ¿812 to him, and keeping ¿82 each, hastened away from the hotel a minute or two only before a policeman made his tardy appearance on the scene. The Cleve correspondent of the South Australian .advertiser, under date June 19, tails the following yarn :-" We have a dog story here which has excited almost as much curiosity as the Yanyarrie ghost story. A sheep-farmer of this place caught a dog worrying his sheep, and after being requested by the owner to shoot the depredator he tied the animal to a tree, and standing about 10 feet off fired, the charge striking the dog fairly between the eyes. To make a sure job of it, as he thought, ho smashed the dog's head about with lumps of rock. One evening, after being apparently dead for 12 days, the dog revived sufficiently to make his way home to his master's place, where, as may be imagined, he was examined very minutely, to make sure that he was not the ghost of the doe that was killed. But it was the actual dog, and the animal appears to be as well as ever, although his skull is slightly out of bhape, and he bears the marks where 25 grains of shot entered his fore- head." 