|-cttt» and Ivifles. BALLADE OF A FAIR IMPENITENT. Pet»een the midrib alld to mom The underworld my soul espfal ; I BV the n*'*— of men outworn. The heroes Wton to ttalr piuu; I mr aie mush-tod itau ud wide. Aod n»nyaRiMBt*in««ti»J«-l.ttaj-m. 'iSSjorayt- amudeod^ied, 'The smtaa maish ot Acheron-' \- Aod U flu teto tins hope-tarior^ T '? Yt*. even ml' tte shade replied : 'FOMSel-reSral in IBe oaliirarn jo Utred em to abide : The lover seeknth -not the bride. But »ye. wtti me, his nestt dreams on, ^Ldeebbtheie cold mlsto Hat hide The snnkss mush of Achena,' And «tffl lor me will l«otm mourn, And Htill my pudon be denied ; And never etalfT croR the Uonnie, Sot le»ve the woefnl vstende ; \- ret I repent me not r she eried, Nay. onlr ttat mv hour In gone, Oae memory hath ^torified ?Bat sunless maiafcoIAchemn. PiUoess ! when thy fair ghost ehill glide When never moon nor starlight shone ; See that yon tarry cot beside ?The ranles raardi ol Acheron — Lonjniaa'i UagaHM. ? People who intend to pat dawn artesian wells should first provide themsdra with a sinkinE I and. A Philosopher says that nothing aeems to please a fly so much as to be misfailmn for something to eat, and if it can be baked in a cake, and palmed off on the unwary as a currant it dies happy. ' I vish I was as big as yoa, Cora, said little Lfll to her sister. 'Why, my dear, are yoa anxioas to hare a bean f* ' No, indeed,' responded the tiny miss, 'bat if I were as big as yon, just think how mnch my stocking woold hold when Santa Clans comes !' ' Itfe one handred dollars in your pocket,' whispered the defendant's lawyer to a Jnror 'ont West,' 'if yoa can bring about a verdict of manslaughter in the Becond degree.1* Such proved to be the verdict, and the lawyer thanked the Jnror warmly as he paid him the money, ' Yes,' said the Jnror, ' it was toogh work, bat I got there after a whOe. All the rest went in for acquittal.' A wonld-be wit of Paris, with more assu rance than brains, offered to introduce a young nobleman of the provinces to a lady of high rank. '? Allow me, madame,' said he, 'to present to yon the Marquis de Tierceville, who is sot such a fool as he looks.' 'Madame,' replied the Marquis, ' that is precisely the fliffetmoe between my friend and me.' A young lawyer in a country town in America severalyearsago wenttoa merchant and awlr^ti for some accounts to collect, say. ing he had been successful in that Wi*» The merchant said — 'Yes, I will try yon; here is an acconnt of 5 10 against yourself. If yon are successful in coUectuiff this acconnt come bsck and I will cive yon some more.' ffnahaxia ? ?« Yon know tint pretty Mrs. F.r' Wife — 'For goodness eake, John, dont talk about 'that pretty Mrs. F.' I cant b- anywhere without hearing her praises soanded, until I am sick to death at the sound of her name.' Husband — ' I was only going to teV yox of a rumour! Oh, John, tell me aU about it— that's a good soul !' 'Aw, Ethel,' remarked Charley to his pretty cousin, ' I believe— aw— TU 'have the oarbah — aw— trim my whiskers this mawning —aw !' *' Do, Oharley,' said his pietly cousin. 'And — aw — Ethel, how would yon snffBBSt that I have them trimmed V ' Well,' npfied the pretty cousin, after sufficient oondoera. tion, ' I think they would look very sweet fcnmmed with pink ribbon.' The -ijniri-.nr af . Bucfcie about sixty or seventy years ago was a character. Being in Banff the county town, one day, he entered one of tile hotels and nni? &c; bell furiously. No reply being forthcoming, he rang it again. The landlord made his ap. pearance, aud with some warmth said— ' Who are yon, sir f1 ' WnenJ'minBndrie Fm the minister, but when I come to Banff Fm evidently the bellman.' A clergyman songht to lead a congregation of children to see that the wearing of a uni form was a mark of distinction, making the individnal easily recognised, and involving responsibilities. ' You see a man walking very erect, dressed in a red coat— who is he!' ' A soldier, sir,' ' Bight, Yon see a man wearing a kind of helmet, and dressed in blue — who is he ?' ' A policeman, sir.' ' Bight again.' Then the preacher braced himself np to sketch a parson. ' You see a man dressed in a black coat, and wearing a stiff white collar — who is he ?' ' A masher, sir,' was the triumphant rejoinder. The Bight Hon. John Heley Hntchinson, after having amassed a large fortune at tile Bar, and held a distinguished seat in the Senat-, accepted the Provostship of Trinity College, and was the first person promoted Co that rank who had not previoasly obtained a fellowshig. His appoiotment gave great offence to the University ; but he little heeded the resentment which was the consequence of any pecuniary promotion ; and, indeed, sach was his notoriety in this respect that Lord Townshend, wearied out with his applica tions, is reported to have said. ' If If I gaT« Hatehinsou England aud Ireland for an estate, he would solicit tlie I»le of Man for a potato garden !' Jndge— ' In your drunken fury you drew your pistol and dangerously wounded an un offending man.' Cowboy— 'Yes, Judge, that's about the size of it.' Jadge— ' Whisky has got yon into seriouB tronble. If it had not been for whisky yon would not now be under arrest' Cowboy— 'Thafs where you're a little off, Jedge. If I had been sober Tdhave killed him deader'n a doornail, instead of only crippling him a bit,' 