OLIVER'S BRIDE. all rights reserved. A NOVEL, by MRS. OLIPHANT, CHAPTER Vfl. I hey bad all been disturbed by it beyond expression ; by his absence, by his silence, the sadden strange departure which, natural enough at the minute, appeared now in the light of subsequent events so extraordinary, which now looked like a flight, bat — from what t From happiness, from well being, from everything that the heart of man would desire. Mr. Ford was a person of a very sturdy mind, not given to fancies like his wife, bnt after a fortnight he bad ; fonnd he was almost more anxious than 6he was. He questioned her closely as to Oliver's past life. Had she never heard of any entanglement 1 ' There must be some one who has a claim upon him, who wonld expose him to Grace, if not worse,' he said, at which Trix was naturally indignant. 'You men have such bad Imagina tions,' she said. ' How should he have any entanglement 1 He has been fond of Grace since— since ' ' Since he saw her here six mouths ago, Trix.' Trix grew very red, and the tears came into her eyes. You mean, Tom, that Oliver, that — that my brother, got fond of Grace only when ' ' I don't mean anything of the sort,' said Tom Ford, ' it is women for having bad imaginations, though, perhaps, in a different way. I mean that he had for gotten all about her. But when he saw her again, and saw how nice ehe was — for she is a very nice woman, poor thing, far too nice to be made a wreck of for the sake of eome baggage ' ' Tom ! Yon have taken leave of yonr senses, I think.' ' My dear, yon know well enough, just as well as I do, that Oliver hasn't been immaculate. But why the deuce didn't he speak to you, or me, if it comes to that. If he had made a clean breast of it ' 1 We don't know yet that there is any thing to make a clean breast of,' said Trix beginning to cry. And she put on her bonnet in a disturbed way, and went over to Grace for comfort, who might be supposed to want comfort more than she did. Grace was very pale, hut composed, and met tier friend with a smile. ' I don't know anything,' she said, 'but he asks me to wait, and I mean to wait. Why should we condemn him f There must be a reason, and when he can he will tell us. It is not oat of mere wantonness he is staying away.' They had all given np tacitly the fic tion abont the sick friend. That had been dismissed at a quite early date ; the reality that was in it being beyond any guesses they could make. ' Ob, Grace, yen are the best of us all! You are the one that is the worst treated, and yon are the most kind.' ' Trix, we don't know that there is any ill-treatment at ell,' said Grace. She was very snbdned, very pale. It almost overcame her composure altogether when the butler came in with a large parcel, one of the many wedding presents that were arriving daily. ' I have not the heart to open them,' she said, leaning her head npon Trixfe shoulder, who flew to her with instant comprehension. 'And yet I want to open them that nobody may snppose Look,' she said, pointing at a table covered with glitter ing spoils. ' Look at all that, and the congratulations that come with them. And to think that I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, even — ' ' Oh, Grace, all will be well, all will be well — long before that' Grace did not reply at first, bat ehe shook her head. ' He does not even say that all will be well, he says only — wait. And I will wait,' she said, composing herself Trix did not get much comfort out of this visit. She went home in dignant, angry beyond telling with her brother, though she oonld not best that her husband should give utterance and emphasis to her fears. And for days after the talk of those two people was of nothing but Oliver and what Ins mean ing conld be. Mrs. Ford sent off a long and eloquent letter to him the next day, bat received no answer to that any more than to her . former letters. And Ford too, wrote, which was very mnch more serious. — Ford, who never wrote a letter except on business, leaving everything else to his wife. Ford pat before his brother-in-law indeed the bnriness view of the matter. He had come under certain engagements, did he intend or not to fulfil them He told Oliver that hie conduct was mere madness, flat it was against all his Interests, thathe was destroying his own credit and catting his own throat "What dldhe mean by it ! ; hnt mHAmA that whatever he meant, which was bis own concern, he ought not to lose a moment in coming baric;' and doing what he coCddto repair the fearful mistake he: was tasking.. The letter was curt and bnsmsssJBtei hut very mnch. in earnest. . Olwftf c?l?e by that tfcneto aconditloD of inind in vrhich scgunwts of Hub Kind vms or no atou. _ dldhe not know everything the' conld be said to hlml had he; notstfd :it all a tweiHmtt mi Joidmself t , . < After -Has appeal, -however,' : and that; much mare eloquent, " Certainly more lengthy one nf Trix; tewe Cril and the days '> Msidnsly 'J"®?® Bt every bronght ridthiiig. e;«xmtement,3«»B tebfen,Wbisfitgte5 Ab yet they Kid managed tohisep it to themselves. Nobody knew, unless it i might be the servants, who know every thing. Grace was the strongest in this effort ; she replied with so composed a look, so steady a smile to the curious questions as to Mr. Wentworth's long absence, that cariosity was baffled. Trix did not know how she could do it- She herself grew red, the tears came to her eyes in spite of herself It was always on the, cards that she might break down altogether, and takeTeome sym- patbic visitor into her confidence. She was like her brother, not nf so Bteady a soul as Grace, and this was to her insup portable as liis more terrible anguish > was to him. It was from Tom Ford, however, the man without nerves, the cool-headed, mercantile person whom Trix had so often stormed at as uneeuaitive and hard to move, that the tonch of impatience came. He said one day at breakfast suddenly, without warning, 'I think, Trix, if there is no word to-day, I shall ran np to town to see with my own eyes, what Oliver is up to. We cannot let this go on.' ' Run np to town, to-day f Tom, you have heard something, yon know more than we do ' 'Nothing of the sort: but I feel a respooeimiity. tie is your brother, and that poor girl met him in our house. I must see what it means. I can't let it run on like this. She has no brother to stand up for her. I want to know what the fellow means.' 'Tom, yon must not go and bully Oliver. He would never stand that even when he was a boy.' I have no. intention of bullying him. I want to know what he means,' Mr. Ford repeated doggedly. And then, Trix, what with fear lest his interference should be resented, what with eagerness to solve the mystery insisted on going to; to which her husband did not object having foreeen it. She went out im mediately and told Grace. The sense of bring about to do something is a great matter to a woman who in most emergencies of her life is compelled to wait while others do what is to be done. Movement is hope to her. and elves her a confidence that all must come right. 'Tom and I are going. Tom has business of his own, and he takes this opportunity. And he thinks I may as well go with him, and this mystery will be cleared np. I shall telegraph to you at once, the moment I have seen him, Grace,' Grace was greatly startled by this sudden resolution, though she said vety little. But when they started by the afternoon train she was there at the station to meet them. I think I will go too,' she said. ' Yon know I have a great deal of shop ping to do.' And not a word wsb said ; by which a stranger could have divined that this was ail expedition, not of shop ping, bnt of outraged love and despair. They arrived in London late, with a sort of understanding that nothing could be doue that night. Bnt when the ladies had been settled in their hotel, Mr. Ford went out to take, as he said, a walk. He went through the gloomy streets ; through the Strand, with ail its noise and crowd, to the Temple, where Oliver's chambers were He had not told his wife even, where he was going. He though there might be something to learn which it would be better the women should not hear ; and perhaps he thought, too, that it would be a triumph without their aid to bring the wanderer back. He went all the long way on foot, thinking within himself that the later he was, the more likely he was to find Oliver, and turning over in his mind what he should say. He would repre sent to him the folly of his behaviour, the madness of throwing thus his best hopes away. Ford was very anxious, more anxious than he would have con fessed to anyone. He did not, indeed, think of such a possibility as that which had really happened ; bnt his mind was prepared for some complication, some entanglement that had to be got rid of; perhaps even some tie made in earlier years which Oliver had believed himself to have got rid of, and which had come to life again, as such things will. Who could tell 1 he might have married, and have thought his wife was dead, and have been roused oat of his happiness by the terrible news that this was not trae. Such a thing is not nncommon in fiction, for instance ; and Mr. Ford like many busy men wee a great novel reader. He was ready even, terrible though it wonld be, to hear that this was the cause of his brother-in-law's disappearance. But, perhaps he hoped it might be something not so bad as that He was a long time gone, so long that Trix got alarmed, and in her nneaBioeBs burst into Grace's room, who was going to rest, to -wait with what patience she might for the morning, which, she said to herself, most end nil suspense. Her self-restraint was sadly broken by the irruption into her room of Trix with all her fever. 'Where do yon think he can have gone I On, what do you think can have happened to him ? — such dreadful things happen in London,' Mrs. Ford cried, riring grafinally into higher and higher excitement She thought of garroters ; of rongfas who might have followed him along the Embankment (though ehe scarcely knew where that was), and al ready her Imagination figured him lying on toe pavement senseless, perhaps un conscious, unable to tell any one where to carry him. 'Hue only address that wonld be fonnd npon him would be our address atrhome, and if they telegraphed there, and then telegraphed here, how mnch time would be lost And it is too late even to tele graph, ehe eaid, ae these miserable an ticipations grilled upon her. But what conld two women-do in a London hotel 1 They cottid not go oat with a lantern and' search for his body abontthe streets, and they did -not even -know where or in what direction he had gone: He has gone to fiodvjour brother,' Grace sug gested once : bnt Trix woold riot hear of shin ; ' Never,' .she said, wilhont letting me Jfcnow,' .......... -i A A Iftoh aviYioit vk nee oft SIP ffilTJnifll1. A fransomdroVe ihp to the botel; And Mr. Ford appwed.-exceediriglyqiale and with W great atetionand distreBS. He tddthem tout' Otivsr wee wery illr- get a doctor AridtdStop itoe- rmschieL tfeiwould notbe inort'eli\ theyhad tte rnriscMe'tltat jwas all he w ould sdiy, -He Skfl i nliis hand whitorimad'iead'-liirifecriy by the lamplight as he drove back, and by the dying candles in Wentworth's room into which he had almost forced his way. He told his„ wife that be had fonnd on Oliver's desk this long letter addressed to himselfi and gave ber an outline of the story, which brought snch a ehriek from Trix as sounded through the partition and startled Grace once more in the solitude to which she had returned again. She appeared between the husband and wife a minute after in her white dressing ontrn urlilto no !>.« mm. .L. B" " "i » uiuo ao uuu gunu ouc wurc, ' There is something you have not told me. Tell me what it is,' she said . It had been a momentary relief to her to know that Oliver was ill. If that was so, everything might he explained : but . And cow she heard that there was something more. Oh, Grace, go to bed ; ob, go to bed. We don't know ourselves yet. To-mor row morning, the very first thing after yon have had a night's rest ' 'I cannot rest to-night,' she said, with white lips 'until I know. There is nothing that cannot be borne,' ehe ad ded, a moment afterwards, ' except not to know They made a carious contrast Trix all flashed with excitement and distress, her voice choked with tears, her eyes overflowing ; and she who was even more concerned, she who believed herself to be Oliver Wentworth's bride, in that breath less silence of suspense, afraid to make a sound, to waste a word, lest perhaps she would miss some recollection, some indication of what to her was life or death. = 'I have something here to read, if yon think you can bear it. It is not good news.' 'Oh, Tom, for the love of heaven, dsn t. Grace go to yonr room, dear ! Oh, go to bed, and Fll come — I'll come and tell yon as soon as we know.' ' It is Oliver's hand,' said Grace ' I can bear what ever he has written. But let me have it at once, for this sus pense is more than I can bear.' ' Grace — Grace !' But Mr. Ford interrupted his wife. He saw that Grace was not to be put off anw longer, and inriearl ose /mnaKU nf nothing but knowing the truth. He brought the easiest chair for her, with that pathetic instinct which makes ns so careful of the bodies of those whose hearts we are about to crush. She made no opposition. She would have done auything — anything, so long as it brought her nearer the end. Ford had the dis crimination to see this, and that the only ; thing she conld not bear was delay. He began at once to read the letter, of which ! he had already told the chief parts to his wife. The two candles flickered, placed together on the mantelpiece, and 1 drearily doubled in the mirror behind, while the bare hotel room, with its big bed and wardrobes, formed an indistinct, cold background. Trix beliiud him sobbing, crying, exclaiming, nnable to re strain herself, was moving op and down, sometimes stopping to look over bis shoulder, sometimes throwing herself into a seat In. the centre, the white figure, all white, motionless, sat in her chair. She was prepared for auything. Except a start and shiver when she heard of the marriage Bhe scarcely made a sign from beginning to end. The others were distracted, even in their own horror and pity, by an anxious desire to know how ehe would take it. But Grace was dis turbed by no such secondary feelings. At that point her hands, which had been lying in her lap, closed in a convulsive clasp, but save this she made no sign, listening to every word till the end Even after the end it was some time be fore she moved or spoke. Then she pointed to it, and said faintly. 'It is a letter — is he— Is he gone away f ' You have heard all this. I mast tell you more — I must tell you every thing,' Baid Ford. He was much agitated, his lips quivering, his voice failing altogether now and then. 'I believe,' he said, struggling to get out the words, ' I am Bare that the noise I made at his door saved his life. His arm must have swerved at toe moment of fir ing the pistol. She rose to her feet with a quick, euddeu cry, The pistol I That ! That /' She supported herself against the mantel- piece, against which he too was leaning, and there seemed to rise in the mirror a pale white ghost, facing the darker figure. 'Oliver,' she said, 'Oliver! tell me everything. That is his last word, and he is dead !' 'No, no, no — oh no !' came in Trix'a voice from behind. Ford took her hands from their clutch on the marble, and put her back into her chair. All he was afraid of was that ehe would faint or die, perhaps in hie arms. He is alive ; be ib wounded, but hot fatally. Oh, Grace, what can we say to yon, Trix and If It is greatly onr fault. My poor girl, cry or something. Don't look like that. You mast put him out of yonr thoughts. Yon mast She -shook uerselt tree oi him with impatience. ' I am asking yon about Oliver,' she said. 'Oliver, — who is with him f Who is taking care of him f Have yon left him alone, with no one t Trix are yon going to him, or shall I f The husband and wife looked at each other in dismay. Mrs. Ford, stilled in a moment her sobs and exclamations, not knowing what to reply. 4 Yon are nearest him in blood, but I am nearest him in ' she paused for a moment, , then shook her head sadly. ' Perhaps, yon think,' she said, that it will be better for him — to die.' 'Oh no, Grace! No, no— — Oh, Grace, what can I say f ' ' He is -not going to die,' Ford said roughly, in toe agitation of hie mind. ' Bnt yon, yon must think no -more of him, Grace ' He has nolclaim npon yon. This miserable mamage ' 'Marriage ¥ she said, again rising, re sisting his attempt to support her, 'You tbiBk woman has no idea bnt marriage. What is that to me t I have been fear ing fknew not what— bat now — It is not that I forgive him, I approve. Yon Mav.vhnAnr flt.Mitt ifvAnwfil.1 annrnvfi. And if he -should die 1 Accept his legacy. I thahk'God he had tost trust - id me,' snd that he did whet was right. Oh Trix Trix, Oliver is dying and ybu and I standing idly here'!'- , . . OHAPraRvm. This was how ehe iodk it, as the young prt had ta as an atone-' meht, «s a duty.; Liistead uf the despair to'hadeiptetedtofe:))TO;hriated and inspired- as people aira who die jfor a great cause. She did not and wonld not take into account fill that made Oliver's strange sacrifice a. thing withont justice, without dignity — a mere hideous post script to a mere vulgar sin, repeated of indeed, but not made less vulgar and hideous even hy repentance. Fortu- : nately for Grace nothing of this entered | her mind. He had made atonement, he : had righted a wrong, at the cost of his own happiness. To be sure it was at the cost of hers also, but iu her exaltation ! sne never tuought ot tnat. wuat sue did think of was that he should not have told her, that he bad suffered bitterly and crnelly, and bad been driven to the i uttermost expedient of despair rather than tell her ; that he should have thought her incapable of the same sacri fice as he was making, less noble than himself. This hurt her in passing ; but she had not time to think more of it. In the meantime he must be comforted, reassured, cared fo£ He must know that she understood him, that she — yes, she who was the victim, who had to bear the penalty — approved. She was in spired with strength and courage to do this. She was no victim — she was a martyr, sharing hiB -martyrdom for the sake of what was right. I need scarcely sav that the Fords no more understood her than if she had been speaking a foreign language. They gazed ' at her with horror and bewilder ment. They asked each other had she not loved him after all ! That a woman who loved him could have so taken it was to them incredible. Mr. Ford was almost angry with her in the disappoint ment with which he saw this extraordin ary and unlooked for effect. He said stiffly that he was very glad that she conld take it so philosophically — more than poor Oliver had done — bnt that as for goiog to him that was impossible. The doctor was to stay with him that night. All was right enough eo far as Oliver was concerned, and in the m-wu- iog she would see — in the morning they wonld all understand better. Grace withdrew when she saw that she was not understood. She went slowly, steadily to ber own room, not trembling and sick 1 a. __ i i_ . a rrk_ aw utsiirG bus waeu sue naa cume. xue suspense was over — -now she knew every thing. Her heart was in so strange an exaltation that for the moment she seemed to feel no pain. It seemed to her as if Oliver and she were martyrs about to come out npon some scaffold, hand in hand, and for the righting of wrong and the redeeming of the world to die. Snch a crisis has an intoxication peculiar to itself She did not sleep all night, bnt lay down and thought over everything. The worst was that he had not told her. If he had but trusted in her it was she who wonld have stood by him all along, and taken his part and justified him before the world. Mr. Ford daring the night made itj quite clear, and that in the most per emptory manner, that Grace was not to be allowed to go to Oliver next day.: ' The eight of her would kill him. The wound's not dangerous of itself bat if fever came on in his attenuated state it would be fatal. Now remember, Trix, no folly ; neither yon nor ehe mast go.' ' Folly yourself !' said Trix, with a woman's natural irritation. ' I don't believe that his sister would do him any harm. That is all your ignorance. But for Grace's eake — for it doesn't need yon to tell me that she must not go — she was stunned last night and did not know what ehe was saying. I will try to per suade her to stay in bed, poor thing, and see nobody to- day.' There was, however, no question of this when Grace met Mrs. Ford in the morning as she left her room. She had put on a black dress very soft and simple, with nothing glittering about it. Her face was pale but not withont colourl; veiy clear like a sky after rain, the eyes limpid and large, as if they had increased in size somehow during the night. 'When you have had your breakfast,' she said, with a smile. ' I have ordered it for you— there are several things I wish you to do — for me ' ' Grace 1' Mrs. Ford was astonished by her look, and felt herself taken by surprise. 'You — you don't mean — shopping ¥ she asked, almost mysted- onslv confounded bv her friend's colour. Grace gave her a reproachful look. 'I have ordered a carriage, too,' she said, taking no notice of the suggestion. ' Tell me when yon are ready.' Mrs. Ford, looking with guilty coun tenance at her watch, went quickly to the table at which her hnsband was seated, eating a harried, bnt not at all an insufficient breakfast. ' I don't know what she means,' Mr. Ford said. ' She has ordered a feast. There's half a dozen things. No, no more. Don't bring any more. Trix, I'm going off to the Temple, of - coarse, at once, and if there's any change Fll telegraph. Mind what X told you last night. You must try and get her sent off home. On no account must toe come there.' ' She is going to do her— shopping, J '1'A f oi I A1«A tpillh wlia nnl herself believe this, but it was toe first thing that occurred to her -to say. 'Her sHomHcl' 3b. Ford panted, with a quick burst of agitated laughter, 'Great heavens, you don't say sc. ! Her shopping ! What a fool I have been to put myself out abont her. Yon women will do yonr shopping on the Day of Judgment,' Trix thought it was perhaps batter to let him go away with this idea; it would leave them, she felt, more free. - And when Grace joined her with frer bonnet on, and disclosed her design,' Mrs. Ford was startled for the moment,3rat yielded without mnch difficulty. They drove away in the soft morning, when even 'the London streets -looked like spring, miles away through toe interminable streets, until at last they came to that oneamong so many others where .the 'pavement was . worn by Oliver's wesiry feet, where he had gone with -his heart bleeding, so that it was strange he bad left no trace. It seemed to both the women As if he had left traces, as if the'sky darkened when they got there, and the mod began to mftAti strtnn. Tfc did so- it was frne,'hht nOtliecanae „qf Oliver. A 'sndden "Ajjitl-ahnwer (though it was in May) feU'ihfi»1gaick discharge of glitter- ! ing drops as Jhey.d10'6 np to toe hones. Not .to toe -door— rf or there already acab was -atom&jng-wh; way; bnt the CaVWiS notclL ' Ai-tlttle crowd, excited and tumnltuoos, was round toe steps, some poshing in to toe threshold of the open -door. It did not seem won derful to the ladies that tins crowd should be here. It seemed of a piece with all the rest. A thing so extra ordinary and out of nature, it was noth ing strange if the common people ahont raised a wonder over it, as everyone who knew most do. They forgot that this 1 affair was interesting only to themselves, and that nobody here was aware of their ' existence. They made .their way with ! heavy hearts, bnt not excited, to the edge of the little crowd. Is there anything wrong ? What is IUC Ulabvcl I AiLA uui inugutuij vx ' one of toe throng. ' They say as she's dying, ma'am,' said the woman to whom she spoke. ' Ab, poor thing !' The crowd turned its attention at once to the two ladies, two strangers, to whom the whole matter could be explained. Just a going to take her first drive out,' eaid one. 'All in the grand fur cloak he gave her.' A man as grudged her nothing.' ' It's like on the stage,' said another. ' Ladies, a rich gentleman, and gradged her nothing. And she's never got time to enjoy it Ob, she's never got no time to ei-joy it' These voices ran oil together, confirm ing each other. They conveyed little meaning to the minds of the two ladies, who heard imperfectly, and did not understand. Grace was the one who poshed through the crowd. She was not to be turned from her purpose. ' Let us paaB, please. We have come to see her,' she said, clutching Trix'8 dress with her hand. ' Oh, is that the doctor f Stand back and let the doctor pass,' said a voice from within, from the door of the little parlour. The speaker came out as she spoke. She was the mother, with a bonnet on gay with ribbous and flowers. Oh, ladies, I cannot speak to yon now. Oh, if -it's anything about the dress making, Matilda will come to you to morrow. We're in great trouble now. Oh, doctor, doctor, here yon are at last.' Then a man brushed past, hurrying in. Grace followed, not knowing what she did She never forgot toe scene she eaw . In an arm-chair, the only one in the mum oaf. nrAnna/1 xin a. nnnr /rnnl.nip wrapped in a for cloak, with a white bonnet covered with flowers surrounding her pallid face. Her eyes were half open ; her jaw had dropped. Another young woman, apparently her sister, stood stroking her softly, calling to her — ' Oh, wake up Ally — oh, wake up — there's the carriage at the door, and here —here's the doctor come to see yon. Through the sound of this frightened, half-weeping voice came the sharp, clear tones of the doctor — ' How long has ehe been like this ? Lay her down — lay her down anywhere. Yes, on the floor if there's nowhere else. Silence, silence, woman 1 Can't yon see J' There was an interval of qniet, and then the voice of the mother, ' Til get a mattress in a moment. She can't lie there on the floor. Her that's been taken such care o£ Doctor! is it a faint, is it ' Another moment of awful suspense, the silence tingling, creeping, the voices of the little crowd something like echoes far off. Then the doctor rose from where he had been kneeling on the floor. ' Why did yon let her do this ¥ he said, sternly. I warned yon she mnst not do it ' Ob, doctor, her heart was set npon it — and snch a beautiful morning, and her new, beantifol far cloak as she couldn't catch cold in. Doctor, why don't yon do something ! Doctor P said the mother, seizing him by the arm. He Bhook her off He was rough in his impatience. Can't yon see,' he said, ' that there is nothing to be done. Take off that horrible finery, the poor girl is dead.' ' The poor girl is dead 1' Grace thought it was her own Voice that repeated those awful worde. They went to her heart with a shock, making her giddy and faint. Her voice sounded through the confused cries of the women about that prostrate figure. ' Dead !' The doctor turned to her, as if it was she to whom explanations were dne. ' I warned them,' he said, 1 that her life hung on a thread. I told them she UlOOb MAD UU CAUIUIUU. x Miun well how it would be. The wonder is that she has lasted so long,' be added after that momentary excitement sinking into profound calm. ' No, no, there's nothing to be done. Can't you see that for your self!' ' And the cab at the door to take her for her airing!' cried the mother, in shrill tones of distraction. 1 Oh, doctor, give her something. The brandy, where' is the brandy, Matilda. I've seen her as far gone ' ' Yon have never eeen her like this before. She is dead,' said the doctor, in the unceremonious tones in winch he addressed snch patients. ' Yon had better get a sofa or something to lay her on, poor thing ; nothing can hart her now ; and send and let her hnsband know. He followed Grace oat into the tledoana mlieM c)in Itail 1W6BJ »»v um wawauawww, unable to hear that awfol sight. It is a strange story. I don't under stand it. Sounds like a novel,' he said. 'I don't think he'll be very Boriy. He'll bear it better than most — though he only married her about toree weeks ago. It was the strangest toing I ever heard of A gentleman — no donbt of that What he could ever have had to say to a girl like her, God knows. But he suddenly appeared on the scene when she was at the last gasp, and married her. I had given her up ; but afterwards toe made a Baptising rally. Even I was taken in. X thought she might still pall throngh. But you see I was mistaken,' he added, cheerfully. Grace stood and leaned against the wall. Everything swam in her eyes, and all the sonnda; toe voices of toe women lamenting within, theories and questions without, the sharp, clear sentences of the doctor, all mingled In a strange confusion likesounds in a dream. In the midst' of all toe riot came toe voice of Trix calling to her to come bnt into the open air, and ji tonch onherarm, which ehe felt to he that of toe doctor, leading her away. She , made - a , great effort and recovered bereelt 4 W<s want to know,' she sud, faintly, gMBping at Trixfe hand, 4 We : came to see— we belong to Mr. W-entworth,' and theo with a rneh as of gatoaring-mieq her sigUlxame back to. her, and/she . tov toe fefce ol the man' who stood, cartons yet indifferent, be- 1 iwben her tod toe chnobu of death. , . 4 Ah, torhnrinrnd ' fre skid, j WejeameT-toseeW him— iait truly, truly ... He is ill, and we have to act for Mm. We have — his authority . Trix, speak for me 1 Is it — ? Is that — ¥ Then came a etrange convulsive move ment in her throat, like sobbing, beyond her control. She could not articulate any more. ' 1 am his siBter,' said Mrs. Ford ; ' is it true 1 — is the woman — dead ? Oh, it's dreadfol to he glad, I know. If yon are the doctor, tell ns for heaven's sake. Is ehe dead — is it ehe — the woman — — ' f Tllfl nnAP airl ' Sn- J fXftn /in enflln aww gixij Bbtu VftBtiU| OUtblJf » ' the poor, poor girl.' This she said over and over again to herself as they drove away. She made no reply to the questions, the remarks, the thanksgivings of her companion. They drove straight to the Temple in direct contradiction of Mr. Ford's orders. The door on which was Oliver's name was ajar. In the onter room stood a nurse newly arrived from one of the Lon don institutions. ' I'm waiting till Fm called,' she said, divining that the two ladies who came io so quietly had a right to be there. Grace removed her bonnet and mantle quickly. Her dress was very little different from that of the nurse. ' You will stay here,' she said, ' to help me if I want help,' and before another word could be -said had heard and answered toe call from the Inner room. The doctor there, very different from the parish doctor with Ms rough and -plain speaking, gave her hia in structions almost without looking at her, and the room was sbaded, with little light in it 'There is not much to do here,' he said, 'only to watch, which yon must do carefully. See that nothing disturbs the patient If he is kept quite quiet he will do very well.' He added in a half-whisper, ' Keep everyone from him ; don't let him talk. It is distress of mind more than the wound. ' Then the best thing, sir,' said Grace, with the respectful tone of the woman she represented, 'must be to relieve that ' Ah, if it could be done I' he said, shaking his head. He was surprised at such an address ; but nurses have their peculiarities like other people. He be- Fftn fift tlPOPfi nnnn liar tfia neutoDoU.D nf quiet But her voice, though so low, had somehow faintly reached and touched the ears that knew it Mr. Ford came forward hastily from toe side of toe bed, and from that, too, there was a feint thrill of movement Grace pat np her hand to resist the angry qnestion with which Ford would have driven her away. She passed him qnickly, and went up to the bedside. 'Oliver,' she said softly, ' that poor girl is dead.' He told her all afterwards, iu those subdued and troubled days when hap piness was still straggling to come back. But Grace wonld never see it as he did. To her it was an atonement, an almost martyrdom. She coald not understand those deeper depths of evil in which sin is taken lightly, and called pleasnre, and is but for a day. She could understand passion and the deadly barm it wrought, and how life itself might be laid down iu the desire to atone. He held his peace at last, bewildered by the dulness of that innocence wMch could not eo mnch as imagine what he knew. And the happiness straggled back through depths of humiliation and shame to him with which she was never acquainted. She did not suffer, not having sinned : and he was still yoang. And after a while the hideons dream through which he had passed faded away, and even Oliver remembered it no more. The End. 