I ' BRIGHTON. The annual licensing meeting was held on Thursday. Justices present - Messrs. Gunn (Chairman), Brock, and Barwick, Js.P. The following licenses were renewed without opposition Mrs. Bayley, Prince of Wales Inn ; Mrs. Tonks, Jordan Inn ; Mr. G. Stamford, Crown Inn ; Mr, D. Burns, Bridge Inn ; Mr. James Lord, Epsom Hotel ;' Mr. W. C. Richards, Derwent Hotel. Mr. J. T. Cooley received a license for the Railway Hotel, Bridgewater. For the Enterprise Hotel, Brighton Station, two applications were received, one from Mr. J. D. Mapley, the other from Mr. J. Jones,, the licensee for the current year. The Deputy Clerk of the Peace informed the Bench that Mr. Jones opposed. Mapley's application on the ground that certain business transactions between the parties had not been completed Mr. Simmons Clarke and Simmons), who appeared for Mapley, ably supported his client ; but the Bench decided that they could not enter into any question of arrange- ments between the applicants, which formed matter for action in another Court, and granted the license to Mr. Jones. Two cases were set down for hearing in General Sessions. Stamford v.Sta7n/ord,cl¡úm for wrongful detention of certain blacksmith's tools, rent, horse ' hire, and carriage of goods. This case had been twice adjourned to allow opportunity for settlement. Mr. J. F. Young (Hickey and Young) for defendant. Plaintiff conducted his own case. The action afforded another illustration of the trouble that may arise from entering into business relations without definite agreements. After a careful analysis of the prof OBsed arrangements between the parties,-the-Benoltr- awarded plaintiff 12s. Bass v. Reynolds, claim for damage to garden and fruit trees, through non cultivation. and IugreBS of cattle. Mr. J. F. Young for defendant. In this case certain written agreements had passed between the parties, but they had not been stamped, and so were inadmissible, The principal element in the defence was that such damage as had been done was caused by cattle, chief offender among which was a certain " spotted- cow-" of plaintiffs. These cattle, the defendant said, got through a defective boundary hedge, which plaintiff refused to repair, or, to hold material upon defendant offering to supply labour. Several witnesses were I called on both sides. Mr. Young, who certainly made a most favourable impression on his first visit to Brighton, submitted two points touching defendant's liability, which, the Bench decided to consider, and promised to give judgment at next sitting of the court. t ' ,' Peter Thatcher, an uncleanly looking man, Of aiBBipUteU lictUlta. was vl.WB-a-tjj Outfit- ( intendent Wright with having placed a pair of dirty trousers in the Jordan, at Pont- ville. The position selected by defendant was a fish trap, just a few score yards up stream from where most of the residents dip their water. Thatcher pleaded guilty, and was fined 15. in this district the very best feeling prevails between the members of the religious denominations, and movements to augment the funds of one, are cordially supported by the others. Some time ago the Catholic Easter gave up his claim to a room he had wired, that the promoters of a bazaar in aid of an organ for the Anglican Church might be relieved from an inconvenience which might have brought their arrangements to grief. Moreover, the, reverend gentleman and his people were not niggardly in their support. Though acknowledgement has been delayed, the service was not forgotten, and a few weeks ago the floating purpose took definite form. It was decided to give a concert in connection with St. Matthew's Church, and the management was left to Mr. Betts, whose intimacy with promoter of such affairs made his task an easy one. Mr. W. P. Little was engaged to conduct, every invitation to assist received cordial assent, and the heavy cost of hiring a musical instrument suitable for a high-class concert was saved by a lady who generously placed one at the disposal of the manager. Every detail that contributes to make things go was carefully attended to, and the evening selected found in combination the chief elements of success, fine weather, a good bill of fare, and a large audience, which included representatives from every part of the district. The following is the pro- gramme: Duet, " II corricolo," Mrs. Betts and Miss James ; song, "England is England still, Mr. G. E. Piesse ; Bong, " Kil- larney," Mrs. F. Blacklow ; song, "Help one another," Mr. R. James ; song, " Will he come?" Miss Brock; glee, "A boat, a boat," Messrs. James, Hughes, Pearce, and H. Penn Smith ; song, " Chiming bells," Mies Blacklow ; song, " The Irish Emigrant," Mr. W. P. Little; song, "A vision," Miss Butler; song, "The active oyster," Mr. H. Penn Smith ; pianoforte solo, " The Maypole dance," Mrs. Betts ; glee, " Home to supper," Messrs. James, Hughes, Pearce, and H. Penn Smith ; song, " Home, sweet home," Mrs. F. Blacklow ; song, " Kathleen Aroon," Mr. G. E. Piesse ; song, CattS of the West," Miss Mortyn I recital (by request), "A lost love," Mr. Betts ; i Bong, " Rejected," Miss Brock ; songs, "The minstrel boy and "The Legacy," Mr. Little-; song, "Nil Desperandum Mr. T. C. Hodgman ; Song, Benjamin Binns Ghost," Mr. W. Pearce. Miss Mortyn was, unfortunately, prevented by illness from giving the number allotted to her, and her place was supplied by Miss Butler. Performers and audience were on the best possible terms, and all went with perfect smoothness. The Rev. Mr. O'Regan, in thanking the performers, dwelt in pleasant strain on the' cordiality of the feeling which had originated the entertainment. He alluded to the exceptional excellence of the programme, and the unanimity of the unusually large audience, whose presence." be regarded as evidence of the popularity of Mr. Butts and his" party, as well as of respect for himself and goodwill to his flock. - 