Tlio Coiulngr Aquutlo Con test. Hnnlan v, Roach. As I am at prosont within a short distnnco of Penrith perhaps a fow lines to tho Tow H'ooiu'm Chronicle as to tho prospects of tho champion and ox-ohamplon in tho forthcoming match on tho Nepoau may not ho imwoloomo. Possibly somo dcgrco of interest is felt in Queensland as to tho probable issuo of ovents. at all ovents throughout Victoria a groat deal of speculation is indulged in, whilo in Now South Walos it is tho all-absorbing topic of daily conversation. But in tlio mother colony prejudice is raging to nn insano degree, for it would bo almost hazardous in certain cirdes and at various quarters, to nnggost that thoro was tho slightest ehanco of winning on tho sido of tho Canadian. Poor Iianlan, ho appears to bo comparatively friondloss, whon wo remember tho crowds of Bench-worshippers who, with fawning sycoplmr.oy, hosiogo poor Beach's quartors. Could wo but gathor tho champion s thoughts ftH to tho ohusivo pro- sonco of overcrowded Sydnoy snobbery, which must havo distraotcd him somewhat, whon ilio touts and would-bo swells hang about the' bunks peering into his ovory day movements hq might perhaps bo wishing thoy woro fifty miles away. Of courso tho porsonal friends and admirers aro admitted to Bench's private quarters, yet With hotter taato thoy too might well stay nwny and leavo tho champion and his faithful tminur moro to thomsolves just now. Thoso visits aro intended as a kind compliment. anml givos thoin an opportunity of yolnmg fidelity in, and admiration for " Our William," who is, without doubt, tho finosfc snooimon of bono and muselo extant. IIo hns tlio heart of a lioii nnd endless pluck. Iu him Komp has tho preparation of a man who willingly co-operates by tho observance of ovory request upon all points of training rontiuo nocossary to his wolfnro, and nothing would indttco him to remain up with tho greatest pcoplo.in tho land after tho hour for retirement had struck. Besides liis daily spins 011 tlio water, ho does a vory long walk -ovory day ovor miles of country with gun in hand gonorally. and always accompanied by Komp, Sometimes wot and boisterous weather confines thorn to their quarters for a day or so, which necessitates ilio nso of a " nwoator " iii ordor to rcmovo tho " super fluous " consequent iipon inaction. "William Beach is, howovor, at this timo— ton days boforo tho ovont— in what may bo termed tho pink of condition, his powerful form and mas- sivo muselo being suggestive ;of a modern horonlos/ His' previous record ia too woll known to need comment, and ho hns already. I boliovo, afforded proof that ho can repeat on tlio Nopoan tho swiftest spin over uouo ovor tho Parramatta Rivor champion courso. Undor such auspicious oiroumstunccs in it surprising to find thousands iu this colony and Victoria, nnd from aught 1 know in Quoouslannd as woll, nailing their colours to Benoh. Why ? Bocauso thoy affirm " Hnnlan is inforlor in ovory respect, and Beach is cock sure of winning." So thoy say here, ami so says Mr. Thompson, tho hotting princo of Victoria, who it is stated will leavo tho jookoy ring noxt wook, and nbstaiu from attending an important raoo mooting in ordor to havo a fow days with his friends boforo tho day of tho groat raco on Saturday. I know Mr. Thompson to ho n vory hon. man in his turf transactions, and havo always hoard hitn highly ppolcon of as a givor to charities. Bnt 'when ho takes such a special interest in this ovont, and promisos his prosonco so early, I am proiio to say on so special and unhorsoy an occasion " I do uct liko tlieo Dr. l-Vll, Tho reason why, I cnuiitt to))." Onr neighbour from Victoria havo as mnch right horo as anybody olso, more especially tho wngoring Goliah who backs our champion. It is a reflection on thoso at tlio holm of ar- rangomonts to havo looked over tho border of Viotorin. for a baokor to provide utako money, when many lovers of aqnatio oxorciso nt Sydnoy would havo gladly found it for thom. Ono cannot but fool strongly for Beach, who is tho unassuming quiet fellow to-day as I found him aftor hts mnidon victory at Wool- loomoolo regatta not so many yoars sinoo. whon his wonderful nuiHOulnr proportions and strength -nttraotod tho attention of a fow. From that day up to tho dato of liis last victory it wns ono unbroken cluiptor of success, and pcoplo bogan to open thoir oyes and to regard him ns no common sculler when ho wont a head of Triokott and Laycook, and gavo Mlohnol Rush nuoli a "toazor" in a Btrugglo for tho Punch Trophy. For tlio cako of brevity lot mo soy that I am authorised by a porsonal friond ot tho champion to publish tho faot that novcr was Beach bottor or fitter for a raco in his lifo timo than ho found him to-day, that win. or lose ho will novor pull another raoo, and that whoovor tlunlcs of beating him will liavo to do his host. Lot us look -at tlio othor sido. On tho opposito hank of tho Nopcan, and almost in a lino with Bcaoh's boathonso, Hnnlan ombarks and dobarks, accommodation having boon goncrously vouchsafed by a gontloman who resides thoro, and hns placed ids shod nt tlio visitor's disposal. ' Hnnlan, although com paratively friondloss, has a fow loyal nnd Hdbstantial frionds, and somo of thoso aro to bo found at Ponrith. Tho Canadian certainly enlisted soino sympathy from hotter thinking pcoplo, when thoso who should havo had bottor tasto absented themselves on tlio occasion of his landing, tho othor day. Thoro can bo no admiration for thoso numorous jnokals of sooioty who nro ovor ready to smothor a benton man and to worship only tlio hero of tlio honr. If anything tondod to fur- niBh a ooinploto wot hlnnkot of tho host nature it was- tho withoring roooption givon to Hanlnn. whon a faithful trio out of tho faith- Iosb miutitudo, wolcomod him on his roturn to tho colony— not ovon his old opponent Beach there to ovon formally shako hands. Puorllo and contomptiblo gxcuros wcro advanuod to justify so marked a " snub," bnt Iianlan, although bo oxpresscd liimscff bitterly upon sucli plain discourtesy nnd want of good tasto, Eookotod tho affront, and may, goodness nowfi, havo tho satisfaction of making tho mob nay ifor it in roturn with othor coin. Tho Cnnudinn 1ms up to Saturday last boon training on tho Parramatta, and boforo leaving Rydo on Friday ho took afiualspln iuoarnost, aud there aro all sorts of rumours as to tlio timo in whioh ho accomplished a run ovor tho champion courso, but oh it is only noccssary to mention foots wo can dispense with rumours. Ho is liko his opponent, in snlomlid condition and tho cavalinrly way iu whioh ho lias been treated has in no way .caused him to dospomi. llis flnal on tho champion courso lias in 110 way discouraged him, but on tho contrary a stop-watoh record of tho timo in which ho so earnestly pullodliiB bcstf although not known, can ho favourably Imagined from liis uhoory roply " tho man who licks thnt can heat tho bost Soulier in tho world." Tho timo, I am told, is known to tho hosts who support Boaoh, but it has novor boon revealed iu tlio press, and porhups to-day thoy aro not alto- E othor so cocksure of winning. From tho igh estimation hold of tho champion's fitness and capabilities ouo might imagino that 2 to 1 on htm would bo frooly offered. But, oh no, thoy aro as silent as mice. Tho Canadian has boon religiously 'observant of disoiplino and work, and must often hnvo wearied his tralnor. Tlio latter bus boon reported by tlio ponny-n-linor tout as having doullnod tone- company tho redoubtable Edward in anothor spin at ovoning, having " had onough of it for ono day." : This is promising ovidonco of tho Yankeo's staying powers, and although it makes ono's heart iicho toattompt comparison, still who could look at Hanlau in his spin ovor tho Nopoan on Sunday without admiring Ids maohino-llko stylo of aotion with tho houIIh. 1 am not suffioiontly vorsod in aquatic matters to afford a lucid explanation of what I moan, hut it is a poculiar aotion so difforont from suullors in gonoral, and Boaoh in particular. Hero wo havo an exhibition of formidable muscular strength andpluok on tho 011a hand,' and a highly scientific and staying Soulier on tho othor. who is nlcnsod with everything, nnd not tlio least tho Nopnnp courso itsolf. Ho lias dono tho greater, part of his prepara tion 011 tho Barraumttn Rivor, and a testy ono it lias boon. His slight detention of tlio wrist 1h .rapidly disappearing nnd ho is now at homo on fresh wator 10 finish liis training for battlo. Noxt Saturday, all boing woll, oiio of tho most dosporatb efforts will ho mado for supromaoy. Boaoh in -his final onoountcr on tho ovo of retirement into private lifo, cannot afford to havo liis colours lowered by a man of 110 common roputo, who' has boon twico pre viously dofoated by him, whilo to tho Canadian ho rogards tho issuo as of vital hnportanoo in his future movomonts. Did ho not como, as ho so openly confosscd, to " mnko inonoy ami sottlo down in Australia?" How could Ids status ho moro offoctually and porhans fatally affected than by a downright dofcat noxt Saturday. Ho was novor in bottor spirits than now, having gained his old form, and bar acoidcnts should matters go on without any hitch in tho final preparation of oitlior con testant, Boaoh, in iuy humbla opinion, will havo all his work out out to detent lus re- doubtablo opponent. No man would dare oxpross such viows as theso oitlior in this colony or Victoria without being considered a traitor or a dosortor of tho worst typo, and ono who doHorved nn nil-round kicking, hut, I hopo in Quoonsland, whatever may ho their praisoworthy projudieo iu favour of our honest good-hoarted chumnion, there aro not a fow who admit tho justico of hearing both sides without 1 ovtravngant bias. 801110 vory nn- ' graciouS things arc applied to Haitian among tho ranks of Sydnoy snobbery such 'tis ' tho (1 d littlo rat " what ghost of a chance as ho. IVo .will soo, aud I shall not bo at all surprised to find that it terminates a week honco tho roverso to what tho general masses so fondly conut upounsn certainty." P.S.— Just us I am' about to oloso tins for post, I hoar that hotting has openly com menced at 100 to 10 on Beach, but Banian's fow supporters aro prepared to venture a very big sum ntO to 1, and nothing less. 