The Egyptian Valley of Death. I ("From thc Christian World.) WHILE English readers have been learning from Professor Sayce how tho Babylonians and Assyrians dreamed, speculated and ima- gined on tho creation of heaven and eartt and the starry dwellings of the gods, Pro- fessor Maspero has lectured at tho College of France on the beliefs' and fancyings of the Egyptians as-to the state of the dead To say that ho has treated-of tho Egyptian hell does not, indeed, convey a correct idea of his theme. Every word of his description refers to one of three; things - first, the travels and troubles of tho dead between thc tomb and the Hall of the Two Truths, in which their doom is determined ; second, the nature of the judgment pronounced upon the condemned ; ' and third, the employ- ments of the "happy dead. The sentence pronounced upon those who were refused admittance " into Paradise was what,' accord- ing to Mr. Edward White, is sooner or later to overcome, all the lost--to wit, annihila- tion. Strictly speaking, therefore, Professor Maspéro is absolutely silent on the Subject of hell ; and it is interesting to observe that tho Egyptian mind, with all its gloom, did not in any degree sanction, that conception which we owe to mediaeval theology-the ghastliest that- ever darkened the human soul—of eternal torment, without possibility of repentance or hope of respite. , Unquestionably however, a great number of details which the ancient Egyptians gave in their accounts of . the journey of souls through " that dread valley of the Shadow of Death which must be traversed by all the children of men"-were-worked up by tho theologians of the middle ages into their descriptions of hell,- and were finally placed by Dante among -the adornments of his magnificently-imagined but horrible and heartrending "Inferno." "At tho first hour of tho night* tho'souls of all who. had died during the day in' every part pf Egypt were' constrained to hasten", to " Amenti," the aforesaid valley, which was vaguely con ceived of by the' Egyptians as running paral- lel to the Nile. Valley , on the "West. " Being entered by way of -the gorge above Abydos, thb: course of'this .valley * was hidden- from mortal eyes'by the great mountain boundary of tho world,' Throughout its' length flowed the great river Uranus, aud it was divided into stages, " answering to tho twelve hours of the night," pacb, shut off from the next by a hugo wall and; a.strpngly guarded portal. 'Tho, dead vanished, in short; into the hollow of thcrnight, moving towards tjie hull ; ot judgment., .Ainenti, tuougu, not a hell, was a region of peril ?and of ' glbojri? " Vast; ^corridors1 ef unimaginable length stretched .away, in. endless perspective." Tho atmosphère was. oppressive, venomous rep- tiles swarmed,.", tho darkness was pooplod ,with'foul"flends eager not'only to,devour the heart and drink the iblood of the dead, but hungering,for evon his shadow and ibis soul." ..Demons sought to bite the pilgrim in the back,-' to burn him .with flame, to tear out his eyes," to cut off his head, to force filthy stuff down his throat. Torrents of boiling water, which had to be crossed, put, his ingenuity to tho test, and lakes " cunningly spread , with nets tended to frustrate his-laudable efforts to paddle, his canoe across them. Lastly there was a Sea of glowing fire, from which none who were engulfed could escape." The traveller, if a poor man-a slave, or a' fellah-had small chance of sur mounting these difficulties and dangers.,. .The Egyptian hierophants were not^of noble mind, and did not, if. Professor Maspero is -to be trusted,, preach a gospel -of salvation to the virtuous poor. But if a man died rich, and had taken care that his funeral rites should be faultlessly performed, that all dues exacted, by the priests should' be discharged, that his mummy should' be pro- perly embalmed and furnished :. with. talis mans and clad in cerements bearing suitable incantations'and magical formulas, he might make way "even through' 'the 'storms'' and flames and raging . waters' bf Amenti. His affectionate friends would have buried' with .him " axe, poignard, bow,, and ,arrows, and 'boomerang," or,-rather, the broken pieces bf those articles, -for- their weapons were ''killed, ', in order that their " ghosts" might follow aud serve, their dead master. Strange notion ! Tho ghost of a man, fighting with ghostly phantoms, by help bf ghostly poignards" and "bows and arrows!. "Is this a dagger that I see before ino P" tlie defunct Egyptian1 might have said to j the ..wraith of, .his defunct ,weapon. still '^more ''appropriately.than Macbeth. , The pious and opulent Egyptian had also his funoral papyrus, consisting pf "a.; inoré, br less com- plete copy of ' 'The Book" of the Dead> j a work which may.be, described; hs/tlie ' Com- plete' ; Handbook.', to ; Hell,'; 'giving,'not only the itinerary "of-tho route, but all the' spells, - incantations and- prayers ; whicli'íthe deceased _mustf pronounceat each stage bf :th'e .vjbùrri^ ,peneteatö;tp~'the^ and i be " judged ¡..by . Osiris,".; Isis, í "Nepthys, and their assessors. " Here, too, were Anubis the weigher of hearts,- and Ma, the teller of tho scales, and Thoth, tho regis- trar;" - -=If ho 'passed tho tribunal; ' he was admitted;; into, the fair fields of Aalu or Paradise'; if i not,- lib. was, second death, which was annihilation.'!'-Aalu was ' a paradise bf sweet waters, cool breezes, -inexhaustible fertility." The wheat grew to the height of 12 cubits ; the canals, were always full ; ¡ the lotos always, in bloom ; the sycamores yielded pleasant shade. There were wide lakes -with 14 islands, about which tho happy dead.inight " paddle their papyrus skiffs." v, Cool summed provided in which they played draughts. They had work enough to give zest to play. The country, though exuberantly fertile, required culture, and a corvee reminded them of the Nile valley: they had left. But in order that they might not have more exertion than was consistent with pleasure and pro- motive of digestion, they had brought with them " buried with each mummy, substir tutes in form of those small statuettes of glazed pottery, furnished with laborer's hoe and seed bag, which figure in all Egyptian collections. These " "Respondents " did the work when their masters preferred to go on the lake or play at draughts. No thinking mind will fail to acknowledge tho interest attaching to these particulars, fantastic as many of them appear. It was thus "that the awful mysteries of death and futurity affected tho imagination of mankind at that period when history was beginning to be written, and when religion was still groping its way amid sorcery and supersti- tion. That tho religion of tho Hebrows, especially in its Mosaic, as distinguished from its Abrahamic, aspects, was influenced, directly and indirectly, by tho sacred lore of tho Egyptians, is beyond dispute. But we confess' that the influence- seems to us to have been: as much one of repulsion, recoil, and dissimilarity as of resemblance, or oven of analogy. As the religion of Babylon in- fluenced, and yet was, as contrasted with the Hebrew religion, wild, extravagant, gigantesque, so the religion of Egypt, as contrasted with that of Israel, was vague, weird, sombre, and dream-like. Tho religion taught by Moses was intensely practical ; concerned with the present world ; furnish- ing express and lucid rules for the conduct of life; and marvellously silent as to what people did, or where they went after death. Moses, like Abraham before him, was an unflinching believer in tho divinity of com- mon sense. 