St. Stephen's Cathedral. Pontifical High Mass. Investiture of Archbishop Dunne with the Sacred Pallium. TnK servicos Tit St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Cathedral yesterday were of a special and of a very interesting and imposing character. Tho ritual of tho morning service « as of tho highest character ever celebrated in Queensland or inanvof tho Australian colonics. Pontifical high mass. was eelobrated thero in tho morning *n the occasion o£ tho invcstitnro of Dr. Dunne with the pallium aB arch bishop and metropolitan of Queonsland. The congregation was a largo ono. Every soat in the vast building wua jilled, and the passages of tlio aisles wore crowded with people, who stood during tlio wholo »f tho long hervico— too much impressed with tho imposing litunl to move during two and a-half hours' scrvicc. Thero were hundreds of devout Catholics belonging to tho cathedral and other Reman Catholic churches in town, and thero were very many also who came to behold and enjoy the spectacular character of tho sorvico. The service is at all times imposing, tho up holstery and appointments of the altar and its surroundinga magnificent, and the garments of the eelibrantsundothers within the sacrcd enclo sure, rich, varied, and gorgeous. On entering tho cathcdral several important improvements and alterations in the arrangement of the altar were noticeable since .the last occasion on which the cathedral and its services were de scrileel in theso columns. Tho first thing to catch tho eyo ia tho pro-rercdos, or curtain of purple stuff which does duty in tho nbsenco of a rcredos. Tho enrtain is of tho richest colour and stuff. Above, tho curtain is tho archi e-piscopal motto in letters of gold, taken from the 81th Psalm : ' Quara dilecta tabernacula tua Domino viitutum ! Concupisit et deficit RuininmeainatriaD'omini.' 'Ohowamiabloare Thy dwellings, Thou Lord of Hosts! My soul liath a desire and longing to enter into tho courts of tho -Lord.' The motto, however, may or may not bo per manently retained, and is at least liable to bo re-moved. Not bo, however, are tho two bannerets, which are peculiar to an arch bishopric, and form part of the insignia of a metropolitan church. Tho bannerets are of white itilk with deep massive goli' fringe, and hung upon standards of a cruciform shape. ' Thero is one banneret on each side of the altar. Tho ono on tlio gospel or right hand side of the altar bears tho motto, 'Diosque nostros,' and the other on the epistle or left hand side ot the altar bears the motto, 'In tua pace disponas.' The altar, the gift of Mrs. John Buchanan, is a superb piece of white marble work. The marblo is from Carrara, Italy, and tho altar piece was thus described by Archbishop Dunne : It is of later Gothic design, thus harmonising ?with tho architecture of tlio church, showing in front a central panel with representation of the ' Saviour's Last Supper,' and two lateral panels, with figures of St Peter holding the cmblematio keyB, and St Paul, with book in hand, all in alto relievo. The cor»u» on both sides extend 2 feet 6 inches, making tho whole length 12 feet, and aro each supported by graceful pillarcttes. The reredos, de corated with fino floral tracings, rises by two steps at the back. In the centre of tho i mma a tabernacle, 2J feet wide by 4 feet from the bns-e to tho rtpotolr, and buttressed at the angles, supports by four Gothic pillars a massive canopy, and over this again rises an octagonal turret, terminating in a pyramidal finial and cross. The apes of this cross is IS feet fium the predella of the altar. Tho material is white Carrara marble, except the door of tho tabernacle, which is gilt bronze, bearing tho patristic symbol of the Eucharist — namely, ' a pelican feeding its young with its own blood. The other addi tions snd alterations aro threo stained glass windows, from tho Eoyal Bavarian Stained Glass Art Institute of Fran a Xavier Zattler, Munich. One, erected by Miss I'. H. O'Reilly to the memory of the late Bishop O'Quinn, is a picture of tho Sacreel Heart of Christ, the Blessed Virgin being on one side, and St. Joseph on the other. The monograms Alpha Omega and I.H S. appear above, and beneath a carpeting' of foliage and flowers. Tho Hcond window, a memorial to the lato Mr. W. Keating', presented by his widow, and also by tlio same linn, is a representation of the Gospel scene of the resurrection of Lazarus. This is certainly tho finest window in the cathedral. The sweet majesty of tho 'Redeemer, the beseeching looks uf Martha and Mary, the ministering disciples, and astonished sXJectators aro there expressed by tho touches of a master hand. Tho last of these recent contributions tj tlio orna mentation of St. Stephen'8 consists of three medallions, likewise from Hcrr Zettler's insti tute, which grace tho openings over tho northern door. In the uppermost medallion Christ ap ? pears as the Lamb with the cross, and in tlio lower two are the Virgin and the Child, and St. John the Evangelist, the latter holding a chalice from which a serpent conies forth, as the tradition has it, at his blessing. Mr. F. Iblcr, of this city, is the local agent of Herr Ziltltr'a institute, and is to bo credited with the very successful fixing of these threo beau tiful windows. The high altar was surmounted with six largo golden candlesticks, tho largo wax candles in wliieh were lit to shame the sun, which gavo a very dull, religious light. At the evening Ecrvice a largo number of candelabra filled with waxen tapers wero alight on the altar. , These- were flunked with largo, artistic vases '^filled with bcautif id bouquo' B. On each side of the altar was a throne, on which wero seated the Lwo princes of tho church then present. On tho gospel side was tho throno of tho eiiidiuiil, which was formed cf a chair mhly upholstered in crimson velvet, with « canopy, rounded in front, over it. The thrones wero raised above the floor of tho Kmr.tuarv. and wero readied bv three steps. Tho tbrone of Archbishop Dunne was on the epistle side, and consisted of tho ordinary episcopal chair with n square-fronted . canopy T Tho sides are designated 'Gospel' and ' ' Epistle ' respectively, from boing on the right-hand side and tho left-hand side of the exalted crucifix placed on tho altar, and the terms signify tho Gospel — the New Testa ment, and the Epistlo the Old Testament. The cardinal's throne is only temporarily placed on the gospel side to signify the highest place of honour. -When tho cardinal returns to Sydney the aichbishcp'b thtono will be placed on the go- pel side, and will remain permanently there unless on such raro occa sions as when a higher dignitary — a eaidinal — visits the archbishopric. Tlio priesthood of the Koman Church havo ilro different sets of vestments or robea, each worn on tho occasion of greatly different functions. Tlieso are of white silk, which beside their special significance, aro llio garirents worn by ct-lcliraiii8 and asfistau's at mass; of red silk, signifying the Holy Ghost and martyrs; of purple silk, signifying penitential, and worn on Advent and Lent.. Green silk robes are w orn on Epipbuny and Pentecost, and for ferial ?'cflice after Epiphany and Pentecost; and blaok ior cilices' of the dead. 1 ho white garments T.'oin 1 y the celebrant of muss and assistant are ? tl c i:niiec;, alb,' ttvU-, and cupo. The mass was full choral, and tho singing of, the clioir was lr-ueli admired. Tho music -given »ts as follows: (1) 'O Cor Ainoris' (Lambillotto), solos sung by Miss Kelly; (2) lijue .Kleii.ou ' (Hayeln s ' Impenul Mass'), soles by, ilis. Kelly (3) ' Credo' ('I.-jperiui Mats'), solos Mrs. Kelly.; (4) .Offertory (Bon .fiehi) :' Binta Kobis' sung by Messrs. Sim ' mends and Af-kcn ; (a) 'Miuctus' ('? Impel ial Mass'), chorus ; (6) ' 0 Sacrum Convivium'' jfOellespii;), sung by Madame Winblud and illissSl'Plicrsoi^; (7) 'Agnus Dei' (Giorza), Hiipg H' MesdumeH Kelly and Winblad ; ' To -?jpeum' (Do Monti), solos, Miss Kelly. ; T, , Dr. Cani (Bishop of Rockhampton) waj tho ?celebinnt. Fufjicr O'C'onnoll (Toowoomhu), ?flash ting priest; Father Rossiliini, deacon; and Father M'Kicrnan, sub-deacon. Father O'Reilly (Maryborough), wail master of cere monies, and Dr. O'llarun, the cardinal's pirate secretary, assisted the cardinal. ..Fathers IVuJiy ami Pottoi acted as dcacou aiid sub- deacon respectively to tho cardinal, and Fathers Byron and Canali did the like oliice to Archbishop' Dunne. Tho procession entered tlio eutlirdr.il al KLVen miuutes past U o'clock. , The ca-dinal was in full pontificals with his i i il hat ulid his long train of cardinal silk boms ... by four ' little ^ingintr lioys— elenr little soiijs, in I nice cl«m . iitcts aud nieo ' white stoles.' Ii ? 5 ' Tlio cardinal followed close upon the regular processional order, followeelby Dr. O' Harran, tho archbishop, Bishop Cani, Fathors Eouhjy. Byino, Canali, and Pottor. The first part of tho sorvico was that of pontifical high mass which, beside tho particulars of tho musical portion of tho service already given, consisted largely of robing and unrobing. 1' irst of all tlio o irdinal and archbishop-elect sat ontlironed, tho ono iu liis cardinal's robes and tlioothor in his vo3tmonts of a bishop. Both boro their orosiers and Dr. Duuno wore his mitre. After tlio elevation oE tho host had taken placo tho cardinal doffed his : pontifical red robes nnd donned tho white' vest- ments and put on tho mantelletto and mozzctti. Tlio archbishop- elect also unrobed and put on . tlio amice, nib, stolo, pectoral oross, tuuio dalmatic, maniple, and chusablo, and gloves of cloth of gold, with a cross of worked gold on the back of each. Tho pastoral ring was put on over tho glove. The cardinal loft his throne and sat down on the fald- stool in front of tho altar. This stool is similar in shape and make to the curulo ? or cliuir of statu of tho ancient Romans, which was inlaid with ivory, and was common to tcdiles (magistrates) and tho pon tifices- (chief priests), of Rome us dis tinguishing their elicrnity and state. Tho nrohbishop-elcct having donned his robes, approached the curulo chair of his prinoe and paid tho allegiance, aud made tho customary declaration, which ho road from the ' Pontificalo Boinanum' as required by arch - bisliops-elect. Portion of tho formula having been gono through, tho arclibishop-olcct re sumed his throno, and both tho cardinal anel Dr. Dunne assumed their mitres and crosiers. The pritsts in attendance upon Dr. Diuino having done barons' service, ' pro scrvitio I detruheneli sou exuendi caligas,' pulled off his boots, in accordance with tho command to Moses,' Take thy boots from ofi thy feet, for tho ground on which thou standest is holy gronnel.' Ho was then shod in a pair of sandals. Meanwhile Father Fouhy read the Pole's bull or l-cscript of authority for investing Dr. Dunne with nrcliiepiscopal dignity officially con ferred. The archbishop-elect again kneeling before the cardinal, went through the re mainder of tho formula as set down in tho Pontificalo Bomanum, took his oath on tho Gospel, nnd was then invested with tho pallium. That having been done, his eminence gave the newly- invested archbishop his solemn benedic tion and retired to his throne. Tho archbishop also ' retired to his throne. Tho cus tomary genuflexions nnd fumigation with incense having been made, the ceremony was completed. Father M. J. Kiemau, of South Brisbane, .thus described the pallium in the Australian of November 26 : ' The word pal lium means an outer garment or covoring, which was used by tho early Greeks anel Eomans over their ordinary dress. It is now used to signify that garment given by the Eoman Pontiff to the patriarchs, primates, and archbishops of the church, to which is also atfachcd a mystical signification. It is tho en sign of dignity and of the fulness of the pas toral cilice, and being made of wool and worn over tho shoulders, it signifies the strayed sheep borne on the shouldors of Christ, or tho great cliargo which the wearer of it assumes. It is not without its type in tho Jewish ritual, for the ephod worn by tho high priest was a species of pallium mado of tho precious material, and bearing tho names cf the children of Israel that Aaron might * bear their names before the Lord upou both shoulders for a remem brance.' (Exodus, vxviii.) It was also represeutedjdn the old law by tho mantlo of Elias, which by falling into tho hands of Eliscus, constituted him chief of the prophets. The origin of the pallium used at present in the Latin Church elates back to the early ages of Chiistianity. In tho lives of the Eoman Pontiffs wo read that Pope St. Mark, who dieel in tie year 336, conferred the Pallium on tho suburban Bishop of .Ostia. Gregory tho Great, in liis time, granted it to the two metropolitan Bishops of Canterbury and York in England. Tho Pones of course havo ever worn it them selves as a sign of their supreme authority. So much for its origin. Unlike that used of old anel in the Greek Church, the Roman pallium is ill shape like a nar-ow band about 2 inches or 3 inches wide, made of pure white wool, which is wrought in a circlo to go round the neck, nnd hang over the back and breast. It has also got /our crosses of black thread worked into it.' The cardinal preached from 87tli Psalm, verse 3 — ' Glorious things are spoken of thee, 0 city of God.' The preacher briefly described foundation of the Christian faith and the establishment of the Eoman Catholic Church and hierarchy, quoting and supporting his con tention that the Eomun Church was the true, original church founded by Christ with such well-known passages from Scripture as ' thy name is Peter ; upon this rock shall I build my elitireh.' Peter, the weakest of the disciples was chosen as the foundation of this glorious clmrch. Ho was entrusted for all future ages with feeding the sheep anel the lambs, and the chuicli had m all ayes of its history faithfully aud fully done its duty mid fulfilled its mission, and to-day she was the most powerful church in Christenelom. He then briefly traced the growth of ilio faith and of tho church, and touched lightly upon tho persecution it had under gone at the hands of tho early Romans, as traced iu the catacombs of Borne. He then referred to the sacred pallium with which the venernblo prelate of that congrega tion nnd of the church iu Queensland had been that morning invested, and traced the pallium from tho time of St'. Peter, tho first bit-hop of Rome, down ' tho ages to tho present time, as the peculiar mark which connected and distinguished the leaders of the Roman cliui ch with its original head and founder. In the evening, at vespers, the cathedral was again crowdeel, and tho service was conducted by Archbishop Dunne, who preached from the Gospel of St. Mark, chap, i., verses 2 — 10, dealing with the birth of Christ. Thi sermon wes of the most evangelical character, in w: ich tho preacher enforced tho doctrine of tho Divinity of Christ; lus all sufficiency as a Saviour; the necessity of conversion as exemplified by tho experience of St. Paul ; and the presence of tho Holy Ghost, the comforter, in the world. Ho alto referred to tlio missionary duties of the Christian Church, and the assistance which tie confepfcional was to penitent sinn rs. Tho drapery upholstery decorations to ths cathedral wero executed by .J. 'and J. Ilislop, upholsterers nnd cabinetmakers, Quern street, Brisbane. ? 