' onxtten xxxii. '(continued.') '"I iiaye givon it liiin most uocidodly. iHo coiild not miBiindorstand mo, Tiut — ' ' But lio is not'dmintod.'' 'No!' ' Tkon toll liimnoxt tiino lio "is too Into,' snid Hugh. And with another look from liis sjjoalcing-o.ves, that sot my honrt dancing and mado my -chobks 'flush in spite of mysolf, 'Jio "wont ; away, and Harry stood hoforo me. . 1 This is our dancoT' ho said. ' Is it ? ' 'Ait? Havo you bo mnny pnrtaors down that you nro mixing tliom up? You Ui'fl'n'succoss, nnd no mislako, and I nm proud 'of you. I 'look upon you -ub a discovery of my own, you know, mnd I'vo 'told no end of— well, stories ;nbout yoil -already.' Plenso don't tnko my namo in vain : -any. moro tlion,' I said, standing up putting my hand on his arm. ' I . 'know only too woll what you can do 'drawing tho long how.' ' No, htlt 'really yon "look lovely ! 'Como to thiB end, plonso. I wnnt the pator to ha o a good look at us, or "author (it you. Ho "1ms novor scon you in the war-paint, hns'ho ?"' : ' If you mean di'ossed out lileo this, no— I am suro ho 'has not. I 'havo not soon him all tho ovoning.' ' No, ho sooiiib dull, and has kept aloof. Ho says tlioro's nothing tho matter; lint I cnn'tholp'thinking that that confounded Priirohd— I beg your pardon, hut I cmi't liolp it, I am so tirod of him — has had something to do with his low spirits.' ''Whon did Mr. Fail-child 'como hack?' I asked. 'Ho atnrtlc'd mo not =a littlo, I can nssuro'you'.! ' Ho did (ill of us — springing up like a ghost in that fashion. Ho might have written to say ho wns on tlio road. : Ho wns closoted with tho pator for half-nn-liour oj- so, and over sinco (then tho dear old hoy hasn't boen a 'hit liko.liinisolf. Ho's in tlio 'big 'window yonder, looking on, ho says — moping, 1 think — only I don't, liko to say anything to mnnmiio or Hilda, thoy would tiiko fright at onco. Como along— ono. two.'thrco, and wo'ro oil.' Wo were off in a broatlilcss round that took my "breath away for a 1110- mont. Harry dnncod, as lio did every thing else, energetically, and wo woro soon in tlio vory swing aud whirl of a fnslririnnLln -nnllrn n ilnnnn lin miv. ticulorly nffectcd. Tlioro wns somo go '.in 'it, ho said, nnd indood . ho mado it ..appear, that tliero wns. ' There's tho pator,' Hairy said, - as wo enonred tho » particular window 'wlioro his son'-lind said ho wns ' to 'ho found. 'He don't'loblc as' if lio -was onjoying himself, doos'he?'' Ho did not indeed. Tlioro wns a far-awny look on liis faco- ns if ho woro miles nwny from Priory Park and all in it. ; Ho didmut soo us till wo woro vcloso to liim, and then ho started at Harry's touch like n iiiftirrouso'd'from ji dream. . ' ' Herb she is, sir ! ' lio'sai'd. 'I'lravo for you 'to look at. A modern 'edition of tho wliito satin Jndy.? ' Lord St. Colonib looked 'lit me nn'd -some light word of approval that "lio was going to litter diod Kipon his lips, . 'Where— where — who ?' liognspo'd, and, if unablo to utter another syl lable of' query, ho touched tho glittor- . ing neoklnoo that T woro, nnd looked at mo wlth suoli a piteous exprossion of inquiry and consternation that I -felt quite 'frightened, 'Hoes your lordsliip mean to a.slc where L got them from?' I said. ' Thoy are my own'.' ' Yos, yes; hut who 'gavo thorn to :you ?— wlioso wpt6' thoy before? Tor- tgivo me. cliild, 'I mean '.no Iharm "nor ;nny rudeness; 'but "I- havo 'been troubled' to-riight, nnd' littlo things up- BOt me. " Thoy nro like somo that — -jthoy' are like 'my lady's, for instance.' . 'Yes, , they aro !'' I repliod. 'T <supposo" tho -pattern is not an uncom- nion ope. "Thoy woro my mo titer's,- my IJord-.' ' Your mother's ? ' 'y;cs.' "When you liavo quito dono with jnw partner, sir!' Harry hroko in — liSBad "heon amusing Uiimself with something that -was going on in tho room, arid had -not 'hooded liis fathor : nndme— ' wo should liko another turn'.' ' All right, my'boy, all right ; don't lot mo interrupt you. Miss ' OrmShy, : my dear, will you como to 'me : in tho library for a minute nftoryour pnrtnor ;has dono with you. I want to sny a word to you before "I slcep to-night ! 1 ' Suroly, -my "lord, whenever you -.plonso!' . ' Harry whirled "mo off again, do- claring it was' too bad of tho governor to wnnt to tulfc to anyono that night. But I jjnd' a- misgiving thero was some- tiling wrong,' and told him X should : beg off next danco, and go at onco as. -soon as this' polka' was over. AlmoRt ' -as I spoke something caught a lockot "JlniTy wore, and, but for my catching "it it would havo been whirled a»-«y 1 fprn/jngKl'tho daucera 'Tlrnuk you!' ho Raid, ns I ro- n'od it to him, ' I Should not liko to io that ; it is a rolic of liygono times.' Indeed!' 'Yos, over so long boforo I wns in iistonco. I keep it bocnuso tho de- . bo is so funny. It is a crest, but I Iwnys think it is liko nothing on :nvth hut two cats' lioads snarling at mo another. Wlmt's tho matter? 'Jomo mid sit down n minuto.' Tlio inrittor wn8 t.hrtt my head wns n a whirl, or-olso I had soon that odd lov'ico bbforo. It, was on tho enso of ho vory diamonds I wns wearing mnd my nock. As Harry said, it voliod lilco two nhin'inl's bonds, though what kind it would havo boon difii- . lit to snj', it wns so worn ami ruhhod jith ngo. On this lockot it was moro istinct. ' That's tlio Dunsford crost,' Hnrry aid, whon ho had fastened tlio littlo ' inkot to his chain onco moro,' j ' Tho what ?' ' Tho Dunsford crost — our crost be- Toro wo dropped into tho St. Colonib glories.' Yours?' It wns all I could say in my amaze ment, and Harry lookod at mo ns if ho 'thought I woro going a littlo out of my inind. ' Yes,' ho said, 'Didn't you know — ' ' Know what ? ' ' That wo woro not always St. Co- joiiiua oi Iii-Urmy Di is. iiiy Kiiiiur tooic tlio namo witli tho titlo, you know.' ' No, I dori't'know. Toll mo ploaso,' I said, in a strangely calm voice, that seomod to myself as if it onmo from 'a 'distanco, and fooling tliat'ovbry atom of colour had gono out of my faco. 'I scorn to hoar Bomothing frosh about you and yours evory day.' 'This is stalo onough, any way. "My father was plriin Edgar Dunsford hoforo ho was Earl of St. Colonib, and — ' I didn't hear any moro. Tho namo 'Edgar Dunsford'' soomod to ronr it solf out:in my oars liko tliundor, and tho ballroom to fill with mist, in which tho dancers grow. shadowy mid dim. Edgar Dunsford ! Tho man whom my mother had cursed on hor deathbed, and biddou mo scok, that I might work hor vongoanco on him! Could thero bo two ? Or was tho Earl, who had boon so kind to mo, tho wicked 'father alio had bid mo donouneo whon I Should' find him? 'Edgar Dunsford!' A thousand voices soomcd to shout it in my ears ; and with a gasping cry, I lost all senso of what was going on around mo, and sank at Harry's foot unconscious of everything, oven his kindly prosonce. CnAl'TEH XXXIII. My swoon only lasted a minuto or 'two, and I slowly became conscious of Harry's nhivmod faco as ho bont over mo and fnnnod mo with tho pretty fan that 'had como with the dross I woro. ' That's rich,' ho said, as I opened my eyos and looked at him in the bo- wildorod confusion that nlways comes with a fainting fit. 'You aro all right now, nron't you ? ' 'Yos',' I replied, struggling to Btnnd' up, nnd fcoling ns if tho whole place woro swaying and surging round mo lilco tho son; 'I um quito woll now.' 'You don't look it, but it's' some thing to havo you ablo to sp'oak. I thought I should liavo to givo tho alarm, and call somobody. It wns tho heat, I suppose ; it is deucoilly hot, ;iand no liiistalco".' '"Yes, it wns tho boat,' I ropliod, "willing to 'lot liim think anything rntlior than suspect anything o£ more moment. 'I 'turne'd giddy all at onco. I am not use'd to such dis- sipntioa, you know. I will got -away to my own room for awliilo nnd got hack my wits.' I longod to ho alono to fight with tho strango thoughts that woro whii-1- 'ing'in my -head. I hall como upon tho truth at'lnst ; all' that lvnd seemed to 1)0' so curious iu liiy 'iutorcourso with tho "Morodyths -was -explained by tho discovory that I hall mado. No won- dor my faco nnd voice n voire momorios 'in the Earl's hronst ; 'no won'dor tho retainers of 'tlio 'family who romom- borod his' first'wifo saw 'lior ghost in mo. What should I do"? I must got away nn'd think. I 'don't think I quito realized all'it would moan yot ; tho fact had como to mo with a suddon- noss that disarranged nil my ideas .nnd set my thoughts in a whirl. 'You'll como1 bafclc ? ' Hnrry snid, as I roso to go to tho door. 'You won't go off liko that, nnd disappoint ovory- ' body. Tlioro's Hugh will bo in nil awful way if ho doosn't got his othor danco, aud you. owo mo nnotlior, and -' 'Yos, of course, I'll come back,' I said, with affected gaiety, and, indeed, I intended to do so. I must do nothing on this ovoning to attract 'at tention, or make Rouhon Fnirohild think that I had fnthomod liis mystery. ' ' Do you think I want 'to miss nil this evening's plonsuro?' I 'went on' ; ' it will bo something to re- 'momhor all my lifo through'.' ' Not it ! "You'll go te many a ball after this boforo you dio.' ' But, only this will ho tlio 'first,' "I said. ' Herb's ono of' tho men coming 'to you; what does ho want?' 'Afootmnn was making his way 'to wards us 'from tho ! door, <onrofully skirting tho gaiiy-dressod crowd as if ho wishod to nttract as littlo attention ns pnssiblo. '"Want mo, 'Barker?''. Harry "asked.. 'No. my lord, "Miss Ormshy lis wanted'.' 'Miss Ormshy?' ' 'Yes,' my lord.' Who. wants mo ? ' I aslce'd, clron'd-' ing to 'hoar . him say 'it was Roubon Hairehild. His lordsliip 'would 'bo glad 'to speak to you in tho study, miss, if you : plenso',' was tlio reply, somowhat to my relief; I could bettor talk to tho 'Earl than to Mr. Faireliild. ' At once, miss, if you will bo so good.' ' To bq.suro sho will,'' Han-y Snid, ' opon tho door, Barlcci"; wo will como directly.' The study whs closo to the hnll- rooni, and would liavo boon invaded ; and takon possesHioii of for an ante room but for tho' Eiirl robolling, and declaring tliat ho would knock tho wholo thing on tlio bond if ho woro not allowed soino sort of a retreat from tlio 'festivities, \ and vowing, moreovor, that lio would so iinprog-: unto . tho curtains with; smoko if tho room was touehod tluit ' tho ladies' drosses would smoll for ovcrmoro if thoy wont into it ; so tho plot for making it a- sort of fairy bowor, and sorv'ing ton tliorcin, was abandoned. 'Alono my doar, alono, if von please,' Lord - St. Colonib said, lifting his bond from his hnnds ns wo onterod, and showod U3 a faco tho misery of which I shall novor forgot. ' Hnrry. my boy, loavo ur till I oall you ; I want to sponk to Miss Ormshy alono tor a minute or two.' ' Is anything tlio mattor, sir ? ' asked his son, ' you: look ill.' 'Yes,, that is it. Harry,' and his voice took a tono of infinite tenderness that wad full of sharp pain ns woll. ' I am ill — not in body, my boy. butlioro, at my heart. Loavo us, Harry, and lot no ono disturb us till I call.' Harry lookod at his fathor and mo, and wont away without ft word.' _ I could seo ho was hurt, and sus picious as woll. Thero was something so strango in tho Earl's manner, so odd about tho wholo proceeding, that ho ovidently did not know what to think. His father caught tho look and the doubt, and stayed him with a word as ho reached tho door. ' You shall know it nil, to-morrow, my hoy,' ho said, ' and Hoavon holp you and mo whon wo do know.' Harry only bont his head and wont out, anil Lord St. Colomb seized my hand and drow mo oloso to his sido. ; ' Sit down hero,' ho said, eagerly, ' close besido mo, nnd tell mo all thoro is to ho told. . Is this thing true ? ' ' What thing, my lord? ' I was trembling so that I could hardly speak, hut I strovo to make my voico as calm as possible. ' What this tolls mo,' and ho touehod tho nocklnco I woro. ' What my hoort lias boon tolling mo over sinco I first saw your fnco nnd hoard your voico. Child, child ! in Heaven's namo, who nro you ? nnd who was your mother ?' I had to moisten my dry lips hoforo I could forco my tonguo to uttor tho words that had to bo spokon. ' My mother callod horself Mrs. Ormsby, Her real namo was Susan nah Dunsford. Sho was mnn'ioil in America to hor husbnncl, Edgar Duns ford, who desorted hor, or rather who forcodhorto desort hor homo by his conduct.' A low, gasping, sigh oscapod tho Earl, and his head droppod on his hands ns ho hoard mo. \ ' Hoavon holp mo ! Hoavon holp mo ! ' I hoard him murmur. ' It is trite, I can fool it — true, ovory word ! ' ' Every word I havo Rpokcn is truo, my lord,' I snid, trying in vain to think of my dying mothor and tho task sho had sot mo. I had found my fathor, I was suro of it; and found him tho kindest' friend that had takon n poor girl by tho hand and holped hor to a placo in tho world — a good husband and n kind fathor to his unsuspoctingwifoand children, and tho talk of tho country sido for bonovolonco and goodness to ovoryouo that wanted assistance. How could I'l'oconcilo this with tho Story my mother had told mo of lioart- lossnoBS nnd fnlsohood ? :I coiild not. "Tlioro hnd boon somo awful niistnko which hntl wreckod hor lifo. Had I not heard that thoro had boon, that -sho had nursed- a basoloss jealousy till :it had grown' into a fiou'd that sho could not lay, nud so shattered hor own lifo nnd her husband's? Sho had gono her way and suffered 'him to marry another woman, and rear up his bright son and his lovoly 'daughter, and live a happy and re spected lifo, ' in ignorance of tho fact i that sho could undo it all with a word, -and brand bis children with tho stigma of illegitimacy, and mako his wifo — tho loving, gentlo woman, who lovod hor husband and children with a fond, adoring happiness — ft tiling of shamo and humiliation, a namoloss creature, whoso broken lifo nothing could re pair if onco tho fact of hor irovongoful predecessor's oxistonco wore known. All this rushed, into my mind for tho 'first tiino in its full hidoousness as I watchod tho bowed bond and saw the omotion that was shaking tho frnmo of tho Earl ns ho sat thoro iu liis humilia tion tho fathor I had vowed to work my mothor's revongo upon. If T wero indood his 'daughter — and I wns suro of it now — what wns Harry ? What was Lady St.' Colomb, who hnd : been so good -to mo, and Hilda, my darling pupil, who had mado hersolf a sister to mo — my sister in vory deed ? — but if over ' known as such shamod and dogradod by the discovory. I turned sick and faint ns I thought of iit, and waitod-in an agony for what would como next. Toll mo all!' 'tho 'Enrl said, 'prosoutly, lifting Ids ' bond, nnd look ing- as ' if ton years had pnssod ovor liim sinco I had onterod tho room. ' I know theso',' touching tho diamonds that glittered again; 'thoy woro my gift to hor, your most unhappy mothor. Toll mo everything thoro is to' tell about hor, my doar, and wo will think what is to bo dono! Ah, Iloavon, my hoy and liis mother, nnd my. bright happy girl! What aro thoy. if this thing is truo ?' What, indeed? How I wishod I 'lmd not como to Priory Park — novor soon any of tiio donr frionds I was to ropay with such misery . for their kind ness to 1110. Sitting thoro by iho Earl's sido I told him everything that I know con cerning myself - and about my mothor. I could show him -all Iho papers sho had loft behind her, aud toll him, whero to find ovoryono who could cor roborate my story. And when I had done, and wept out a passion of tears for tho anguish I saw oil his fnco, I hogged liim to koop tile knowledgo to himself, and t old him that tho secret should novor pass my lips. 'It must bo told,' lio said sndly. ' Do you think that I or any of us would do such a griovous wrong ? My children would not bo hard on tlioir father when tlioy know. My wife- — IIo hroko down utterly now, and I could hoar him sobbing. I had no comfort to offer. What could com fort him for sucli a blow as tho know- lodgo of my oxistonco' had dealt him ? ' Others know it,' ho snid. ' Ono other at lonst.' '" 'Yos Mr. Erirehild,' J said. 'I understand his hints now. But ho can do nothing without mo, my lord. Grant mo ono favour — do nothing to night. Loavo it till the morning ; we siiali liavo iiacl timo to thinlc by then.' 'Timo to think? Yos,' ho' said, slowly, 'timo to realize it in all its horrors ! Mngdalon, my child — for 1 boliovo from my hoart you nro my child — hear mo swoar ono thing ! .Whatever tho consoquonces of this dis covory may ho — and whatever your mothor's motive was for acting as sho did — /novor gavo her cause. Whon sho loft mo slio, and sho only, had pos sesion of my 'hoart, I loved her dearly, nnd I novor wronged her in thought or deod. Sho was mistaken. Tho woman sho thought I preferred to hor had no hoart to givo mo or any man. Sho wns as puro as tlio angels in Hoavon. Sho wns in sorrow and sufforing, poor lass, and I was hor only protector ! ' '/know,' /sobbed; '/have heard I wns a horriblo mistake ! ' ' Most horriblo ! /t wreckod my life, and mado mo fool myself a murderer, for we all boliovod that sho mot hor doatliin tho Wliito Lady's Pool. Wo found her hat thero, and something olso. Sho must havo boen mad — mnd 1 or sho could never have planned such a terrible revenge ! ' ' Ho questioned mo further, and drow from mo all I could tell him of my forlorn childhood, and my lifo with my mothor whonovor / was with hor ; and lie bado mo fotoh him all the papers /had, and tho letter my mother had left mo hotoro sho died. I got to my room without boing seen, nnd hastily routed tho parcel out from tho bottom of my largost box. I folt like someone in a dream ns /lienrd tho music from tho ball room nnd tho murmur of voioes and laughter. I was very white and calm when I placed the packet on tho tablo in front of the Ehrl. I folt as if I wore turn ing to stono. I soomod to havo no feoling loft. My task was dono, my fathor wns found; and in finding him I should loso nil tho happiness I gained in this world. I would got a promiso from the Earl that ho would not say anything till tho next day. It wouid bo , cruol to break in on Hilda's liappinoss and Harry's enjoyment, and Lady St. Colomb, s plonsuro in tho success of ovorytliing with such a wretched story as mino ; and to-morrow wo would all think what was to bo dono. ' I cannot sloop with such a weight on my mind ! ' lie said, whon I hnd once moro implored him to bo silent for tho prosont. 1 Only this ono ! ' I pleaded. ' Thoro will ho no nood for any struggle to morrow.' I knew thoro would not. I had mado up my miud what to do. Tho poaco of a happy homo liko tho Priory should novor bo disturbod by mo, and Lord St. Colomb drow mo to his breast and kissed mo. ' I havo often wondorod whero you got your faco and voico from,' ho said. I havo nover looked at you without a pang — her faco and our oyos— the truo Morally th eyos. You shall not he wronged, Magdalen, lot it cost mo what it may.' I freed mysolf from him, and hear ing liim reiterate) his promiso that ho would not spoak till wo had talked furthor on tho subjoot togothor, I got away from him and shut mysolf in my own room. I might woop now in passionate abandonment, and lot my tears como as they would ovor mybrolcon lifo and shattered hopes, for my mind was made up. I would novor stand in tho way of those whom I had learned to love so well. I would go out into the world and make a placo for mysolf somo- whoro. Harry should havo his birth right, and Hilda hor unsullied namo, and Lady St. Colomb should novor know through me that a. whispor. touching hor fair fame had gono abroad. Before tho morning dawnodl would ho far away. Thoro woro so. many pooplo about tho houso. that I could got out without being noticed. " I would leave thom all, ovon Hugh, who had almost told mo that ho loved mo What wns my insignificant lifo and its happiness to tho ruin I should work in theirs if I stayed ? /had youth, and hoaltli, and will to work, nnd suroly thoro would bo a placo for mo if / took my lifo in my own hands onco moro, and hognn tho battlo witli tlio woi'ld afresh. f To le continued. J 