fancy dress football match. A fancy-dress football match, in aid of 'Lady Loch's Jubilco Fund, took placo on tho East Molbonrnc Cricket Ground this afternoon.Tbe weather was about tho most unfavorable pos sible for an outdoor entertainment ot this kind. The managers of tho display were un able to postpone tho match, aud had it uot been that they lmd previoualy diwinscd of 400 tickets foi- the stand, tlio probability is that there would have been voiy few spectators on tho ground. Thcro were, howovor, somo 500 or COO onlookers, aud tiio footballers decided to .do their best to amuse their patrons despite the con tinuous and heavy downpour, which was very disappointing and disheartening to both spec tators and players. Thu performance was a purely German effort, all tho footballers being members of tlio Melbourno Doutscher Turn Verein. They arrived at tho ground at throw o'clock in thrco vehicles, accompanied by Mr Montgomery's Band. Having been duly photographed they proceeded to the centre of tlio ground and sat tho ball a-rolhng. Tiio team wero styled tho gymnasts and tho non-gymnasts, Tho fact that only a fow (if tho players knew any thing nt nil about foottell was perhaps un cLinuni in favor of a successful game, but the spongy, muddy, aud clayey nature of tho ground was not calculated to raisu tliu spirits of tho footballers oc inspire them with tho genius of low. comedy. The goal-keepers, got up for tho occasion, were more than tun feet in height, nnd every now and then to tower a little over thu goal posLa. Que was a German frau, and tho other a Dutch mascu line guitisuckcr or cornstalk, though both might havo been mistaken for FabloFmiquo's ghosts. Fortunately for both teams, neither goalkeeper could 8co cither post, und both were of most servico when in tho centre of tho ground. Tho ardour of tlio frau, in Btooping tolow comedy, seemed to bo damped tho lcat by tho rain, and sho never seemed so happy as when mashing Bosco Blithers or the rcd-hcudud con stablo as far away as possible from where tho goals wero Bcored. When ever a acrimtnngo took placo tlio constable restored order by freely using their batons 011 .the buads and bodies of tliu disorderly parlies, At half-timo "a grand triumphal uyrauiul and procL'8sion " was introduced, and caused considerably .merriment. Two pnntomtmo camels, a magnificent chariot (a disembowelled gardou roller), tho goal keepers, clowns, policemen, and other characters wero intensely funny, and would havo been moro bo had it not teen that by this time all tho fancy dresses anpeared to have beau chlorincd, then washed in dirty water, and finally rinsed in ipud. It is nuodless to add that with such favorable circumstances both teams won, for most of tho gaala seemed to be scored in tho nuddto of tho ground, ' where collisions, which wero oviduutly the end and aim of thu playura, were numerous. If over there was ivu instance of Iovo'h labor lost this was ono, for theso fancy- dress footballers hud carefully rehearsed tlio afternoon's show under tho diJcc- tion of Mcbsvb O. Siebert, L. Beer, and H. Beckefeld, Mr Oscar Ronengren, tho hoii. sec., Mid Mr Albert Nordcn, hon, treasurer, also decorvo praiso for their efforts to provldo a treat. Thu East Melbourno Cricket Club granted thn. U8U of. thu ground free of cost, and Messrs R; K. Montgomery, . C. Gately, Iatid Smart, Fohon, anrl Co. gavo tho uo of their dragR on similar, tonus. Mr I Roff did tlio bill posting froo of charge. Hor Carl : Krockldw, for his decoration of the pavilion, ' stand, and ground, is worthy of all praise. 