THE A. U.S.N. COMPANY. INTERVIEW WITH A DIRECTOR. (BY Tr.i.EHi: A pu.-i A PKiaAim:, Saturday Among the pacngeri who arrived by the R.M..S. Ivaiser-i- Hiad Mr. Dawes, one of the directors o: the Aosira lasiau United &e; unship Compauy. Mr.Davvci, who for some limn w;u n director of th Queensland Shipping Company, ha» come cut of the new company. Jfe intend to spend four or five day? hero, and then to go on to Mel bourne, where he will remain 0 a week orso, After that he will proceed to Sydney, lie uiU work his way thoueo gradually up to the uorth of Queensland, and in all p-oijuhility will return to England by way e: Java uad India. Iu the course of a short conversation, Mr. Dawes said that the United Australasian Ste.iui Navigation Company has 37 Meamera engaged in the Australian trade, of which 10 were purchased from the QtmonsUud .Shipping Company and 10 from tho Australasian ijtearn Navigation Company. It La:i not yet been de cided where the headquarters of the company shall be in Australia. Tho company have only one define, and that i? to meet the requiremsnti of the travelling public in every way and to iu.ir.u ttij s.eiwee.i .o uhiukjji. «»> iua company uko intend? to preserve the historical character of the old A.S.N. Company as ranch as possible. Touchiug on the question oi the cmplov- inent of Asiatic labor, Mr. Dawes said thsrs was not a ghost of a ehanco of the company pursuing such a policy iu regard to the Austra lian colonies, for they would be committing commercial suicide. Black labor was only nisi in countries where all the. labor wa? black For instance, in iho Indian trade the company have 7S .sleaimrs, which are manned to a large extent by Lascars; but in the Aa-tr:.ii;\:i colo nies they would pursue a different pokey and should employ European labor. As an iaitancsof this, Mr. Dawes said hi; company had retained ali the stail of the steamers acquired from the A.S.N. Company, and should certainly continue to do so. All the effective steamers in the Australian iieei. lie said, are running from Melbourne to the northern pons of Queensland, and the object of tho company was to serve tho suiall ports which were not . served by ths larger steamer?. Tne capit;.! oi 'ho company is £iii.iU,'jUd at present, and it is intended to place a portion of it in the colonies iti order to units the colonial with the home interests as far us possible. , Mr. Dawes said his visits in the past had always been to foreign plaeea where there were few Europeans ami where there was a feeiing am tagorfislic to development, but that he now finds that, as far as the Australian colonics are concerned, thee is only one desire, and that is, that the trade ahoulci be fouetcd and the country developed as far a possible. Mr Dawes scouted t»« idea of his company havitq auv intention or desire to purchase the Adelaidi S.s. Company's properties, lie ?aal the coir pauy he icpre<euted had no wish to enter late any unfair competition with existing interests. It had no present intention of running special steamers from the other colonies to AJehiiis during the Exhibition sensu.-i; but, of course, should the accommodation by the exUtiuu line? prove insufficient, they would be prepared to put steamers on. The policy oi hi? company will be to work in with all the large oceau line? as far a? possible. On the question of seamen's unions, Mr. Dawessatd he was of opinion that if they had seamen's unions iu England as well organised as the Australian unions, aud which would in sist upon the carrying of full and efficient com plements iu regard to crews, there would be much less occasion for interference on the part of the Board of Trade. As instancing the benefit to Australian trade likely to accrue from the opsratums of the com pany, Mr. Dawes remarked ih.it the company were using something like 839.UU0 tons of Aus tralian coal per annum ; aud that the amount of money this represented, in audition to that entailed by the loading and unloading of the .ship?, victualling, Ac., iniuht easily be under stood. In concluding the interview, Mr. Daves nieutioncd thai Mr. M'Kiunon, the cciairman of the directors of the Australasian United .Steam Navigation Company, was the founder of the British- India Company, and that the vesielt which he controlled comprised upwards of ICO steamers, the tonnage of which exceeded a quarter of a million. 