A GHOST STORY; (BY WAt.Mtit 'iiotnultW,) (coNTiNUED.) And here the professor, pausing to take breath, actually rolled about in his chair, at the images his exhilarated imagination had raised; but he suddenly drew up quite rigid and composed, as an echo of his own laugh seemed to return to him from the bookcase behind the skeleton. Now the professor, though a vain little man, and a trifle of a humbug, had a certain sense of humour, and he was not so wise but that he could laugh at himself. I like him for it, and I think that that merry (perhaps rather champagny) laugh did liim great credit. The popular lecturer looked at the clock. It was ten minutes to one. "Stay till two," he' said, "and just read' short notes that have been drawn up for in' Christmas lecture on ' British and Foreign Wines, their uses and abuses, with special remarks, by request, on South African Port and Bett's Brandy.' Oh that Mrs. Fitz Jones' champagne I there was something in it. What, four glasses of cham " Hero the professor again hiccupped. " But the cold air on February night (after supper. parties) does make one hiccup. What is that noise 1" "Let us first consider the bouquet of wines and its cause (that'll do for them)' The bouquet or. vinous 'perfume arises from the presbnce and evolvement of a substance called menanthic other. ' (Here I must puzzle themea little; the public like to be puzzled.) Alcohol, you know, ladies and gentleman, is a hydrate of the oxide of othyle. Now, if we put-" I am not prepared to say how unintel ligible the learned professor might not have become, had not a certain strange shuffling stir that he heard, or fancied he hoard, at that moment struck his attention. It was a sound like the walking of a very lame man, mixed up with the stir and drag of a moving chain and a sort of bony rattle, not at all pleasant at one o'clock in the morning. The sound came from the direction of the book case beyond the stove, the little door of which, by-tho- by, at this moment suddenly flew open with a jerk, as if frigntened.. The professor could not see very well into the dark corner, for the'bright globe of the gas. lamp shaded it from his eyes. When, how. over, he turned his head slightly on one side, and thus got rid of what (without a bull) might be perhaps called the overshadowing glare, he caught sight of an extraordinary object-visible, materially visible to his optic nerves, and to the eyes which may be called their windows. There was no doubt about it at all--he saw or thought lie saw, distinctly, two skeletons sitting and warming their shins in front of his stove door. One must be his laboratory skeleton, for it had the well. known black bullet-mark on the loft temple; but the other was a perfect stranger. The one sat with his logs stretched foppishily out,' and lils long right arm hung over the chair back; the other cowered over the fire and rubbed his knees, which the fire rollco. tion turned crimson. But the doctor was a brave man, and not a superstitious one, and had in his time done his best to expose the folly of table-rapping, and of tho'estufled hands and lazy tongs, and all the rest of it, He did not, therefore, believe what he saw, but attributed it at once to a natural cause. All he said was, as he rose and pointedl at the skeletons, these 'aeiplo words of common sense : "Diseased state of my retina." Here the Polish' ghost rose, aud intro duced his friend with a wave of the hand as " the Guy's Hospital skelotoim." Now, I may as well promise here that I am not myself answerable for thie exact truth of what the skeleton said, as the doo tor could never make up his mind after wardi whether the skeletons actually spoke, or whether the replies apparently addressed to him by tihoso strange apparitions wire noither replies made by his innor con sooiusness to his own questions. '!'Bitocular deceqoptiun," said the doctor, ' "o~kisiontd by temporary vinous afhluoton of the optic norve-vary common after din. nor." At this umoment, the Polish ghost coughed in the impatient way in which people do who wish to edge a word in, Tl'he professor continued in a aontorimttitoms tone, feeling his pulse deliberately as lihe spokle, and making a note on his blotting padi of its condition "at ilvo minutes to olue, Thursday, February 15i, 1802." "The blood heatffitrho nor'ous system by some subtle cause partly thrown oil' its balance-brain locally excited in the organ~s of caution--it's all that Infirnal lchanmpagne of, Mrs, Fitz.Jonos's-that's it-a species of waidlk!lig niglitmaro." Hero the professor threw himself unconsolously into a lecturing attitude, and struck the table with a lheavy ruler, The ghost, gettiig ratlier Impatient and a little nettled, idtlvanced to thle table, and putting one hand on hils hips' oratorflally, stretched the other,deproecatingly towmarls tile professor, whose 'courage Inoreasned every minute, thie mro .oicentiflolaly heatedl hle got, . ".Just one momneint," said the ghost, "'rIf I m'ay beo '.lermittid by my filontl'fr6an uny's." "I have devoted much time to these cases," said the professor (he was one of those men you constantly meet, who have always devoted much time to whatever subject you are discussing), " and I know all the prece dents; there are all classified : there was Dr. Ferriar, and MMonsicnr Nicolai, the cele brated bookseller of Berlin." "I often meet him," said the ghost. " About the year 1791," said the profes. sor, treading down all interruptions, " Nice lai beogan to be visited by crowds of ghosts." "I was one of them," said the Polish ghost, The skeleton from Guy's nodded, and bleared through a quite superfluous eye. glass, to indicate that he was another. " Crowds of phantasmata," continued Pep sins, " who moved and acted before him, who addressed him, and to whom he spoke withont fear ; knowing that they were mere symptoms of a certain derangement of health, such as suicidal feelings, and indeed all meolancholy, arises from." " Ladies and gentleman," said the ghost, ontreating silence, and actually winking slily at the professor. "Silence, s~i I You are a more phantom, the result of hectic symptoms, febrile and inflammatory disorders, inflammation of the brain, nervous irritability, hypochondria, gout, apoplexy, the inhalation of gases, or delirium tromens. Go I You are the more offspring of a morbid sensibility, and only fools and sceptics have any belief in you I" " But one word," "Not a word ; I know all your relations; there is Dr. Gregory's old hag, who used to strike people with her crutch." " My grandmother on my father's side," said the ghost, consequentially. " Mother Shipton was my aunt." "Sorry for it, for she was no great things. I've soon too many ghosts, sir, as some great person once said, ever to believe in thoem-a pack of rubbish. The man who believes in a ghost, I toll you, ought to be sent to an hospital," The quiet dittoing ghost suggested 'Guy's' and smiled. "I know the ghost in the tamboured waistcoat, and the skeleton that looked be tween the bed-curtains and frightened the doctor," said the professor. " Daren't look behind you, though I" said the Polish ghost, in a nagging aid malicious way. At this sneer the ghost from Guy's rubbed his knees harder than over, and laughed till lie rocked again. " Daron't I ?" said the doctor, and turned quietly round ; then snapping back again, and catching the gentleman from Poland sliding forward to try and pull his coat and frightoe him, lihe deliberately snatched up his heavy ruler, and hit the Pole a rattling blow on his bare skull ; at which the Pole grew angry, and the fi-iend from Guy's laughed more than ever. "liow about Nieolai's ghost ? That's a settler, I think," said the Pole, stepping back to a safe distance from the table, and thrust ing in the remark spitefully, (To mE ooN'tIINdLO.) 