W8TH'flUfJ8R' CONMl 1 ' Chapter tX. , V? : .' i he heavy September dew glittered like diamonds upon . every leaf, the air was strugglingthrough a haze, which promised fresh and keen, and the sun was a nne day, Ernest looked round, and at first saw nothing ; then discovered a figure beneath ,>sa window, wrapped in a rough gijeat- " VVliat do yoii; waht ij" askedihe, rndtf too amiably. ' — : n " A warmer welcome than tlxat," said a cheeryi.yotce, wtHich sent the hot colour to Hardy s face, and set his heart off throbbing so madly that he could scarcely .bear it. . . ' I He found breath, however, to cry " Eric ! my dear old Eric !" l nd.t'ben' bunding.down the stairs half-a-dozen at a time, threw open the door with a shout which made the quiet- scholastic precints re-echo again. Then he dragged the young man in, and with more excitement than" he could find expression for, flung his arms about hint and literally hugged him. My dear, good fellow, leave a little breath in me," said Eric, laughing, but returning the hug heartily, " And now tell me all the news. How is Gabrielle?" Ernest looked af him aghast, "fie had forgotten in the first rush of f&elirig; what a bitter homecoming this would be to the man who had been mourned for as dead, and he would have given a nything to transfer the task to someone else. He stammered and hesitated so long that at length Eric cried, impatiently ... or S9ness sake, man, say some- tng. Did not Gabrielle tell you of my coming?" 3 j ,',ruhe d!?,cs not knW f>f it," TTardy laidf ; When did you write ?" < ; < ' " On Monday.' I begged her to bVeak the news to the old folks, f t ho.urbr wouid do it better than pie. "Ofcburse you all thought 1 went down with ' the Alaric ? ; " Of qptirse we did. Youri name was mentioned among those who were lost." t-ii / nSt s' i?",1 1 was not among them, ill tell you all about it soon, but first I must see my darling. Good Heavens! man ; I wish you would not stand/ star- ing at me as though I were a ghost.'' ' ! ' You are nearly as good as oilc," said Ernest, trying to laugh. " We: /don't often see a man whom we have su pbosed dead for months. But, I say, old fellow, I ve some awkward news for you, tLio'ugh | thank Heaven! you have come iiistrin time. J "In time for what?" queried Eric impatiently. ' " To prevent a crime," Ernest said 1 gravely. "Eric, now be brave, dear, old a? This is Gabrielle's wedding-d ay." The other stood, and looked at him with incredulous horror. " What ?" he said, hoarsely. "Would you have me believe that my darling 'was ' false-to me ? . Ernest Hardy, if you were ! anv other-man I woul.dM you for that ' he. "Jti'snot a jlie," Ernesft fno'urnfull v. lErtc, D can wll umfertiod tKat you refuse to believe this thing ; but it is true .T881' Yllfi » » '.J!# To-day she was to have become the wife of another man." A bitter groan burst from Eric's pale lips. " Sosoori forgotten !" he -said. " Not six months a widow, and -'already con soled? This is rough upon me, Ernest. You must give metime :to get used to the ida." " : He sank upon a chair and covered his face with his hands. , " It would have been better, for me if I had gonj down that night," he said, brokenly "At any rate I should have been spared the knowledge of her faith lessness. But, as you say, I have come in time. I will meet her at the altar and confront her there." " No — no," Ernest entreated. " Do not make an . open scandal. Go ..at once to Gabrielle . and stop the days proceed ings." v ;// oEricri/fted-his ghastly face. " This is a nice return for me. By Heaven ! it would have been far' better forme to.have died' that night than" to ha\e livbd for this." . ' '/ . " Do inot think of it,". Hardy said.' " Perhaps she can give you some explana tion which she did not care to give me. But the wedding is to be early, and -you must hurry if you would delay it." " I am ready," .Erie said, and rose. "Wait just one moment' ; you are in want of food, I will get you some directly." But Eric shook his head — " No ; I cannot eat." " Shall I come with you ?" the other asked. " I wish you would." And so together the two men started upon their strange errand, walking along in silence, and very quickly. Soon they reached the house, and passing through the garden, paused at the door, where Eric reeled forward for a moment as though he would fall. " Call all your , courage to your aid," Ernest said, quickly ; " remember that you have a man to. face as well as two women." " Poor wretch !" exclaimed Eric pityingly ; " perhaps ; he has been as grossly deceived as I have." A servant opened the door, a new domestic who did not know anything of Eric, but who recognised Ernest and invited him to enter. " Tell Miss Vanbrough that I must see her at once," said Ernest, and then stood waiting for Gabrielle to appear. A few moments passed, then they heard the flutter of her dress, the light sound of her1 footsteps, and Eric's breath canie fast and heavy. The door was opened, and Gabrielle stood before them, very pale, and with tired circles round her eyes, for the moment not noticeing Eric. She looked at Ernest question- ingly.. , Then her eyes met her husband's, and with a wild cry she sprang to his side. (To be continued.) 