PASTOR BAMBER'S REPLY. Last Sunday evening Pastor Bamber preached a sermon in reply at the Oddfellows' Hall, to his congregation, of the Particular Baptist persuasion, taking as his text the second epistle to the Thessalonians, the 2nd chapter and 13th verse—" But we are bound to give thanks always to God for you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because He hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the Spirit and belief of the truth." He said that most of them were aware why he had taken that subject, and he hoped that the Holy Spirit would be pleased to lead them in the discourse. Their friend Mr. Green, at the Semaphore, advertised two sabbath evenings ago that he would preach upon " Spiritual Election," and his intention was to answer the uncalled-for attack upon the truth of the living God. In so doing he hoped they would understand his object. He did so because the truth ot God demanded that, separated as they were—both pastor and people—from the truth of God, it was their privilege to contend for the faith. In the commencement of his discourse . upon Spiritual Election Mr. Green took his text trom the chapter they had read—9th Romans, and 21st verse —" Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honor and another to dishonor." He went on to say that they could not justly take one verse from its connection any more than they could take a finger from a hand and hold it up as a complete hand. Yet they found towards the end of his discourse he quoted a portion of a verse to support his theory. It was " He that cometh unto Me I will in no wise cast out." Why did he not quote the whole verse ? Simply because the first part of that verse would have overthrown all his sermon on "Spiritual Election." The whole of the verse reads—"All that the Father giveth |Me shall come to Me, and he that cometh unto Me I will in no wise cast out." He accused the Hyper-Calvanists of taking certain portions to establish their theory ; his must be a very lame one when he is content with half a verse. Mr. Green then went on to show that the ninth of Romans dealt exclusively with the Jews—God's method of dealing with the Jews. He also said the first five chapters of the Romans dealt exclusively with the Jews, from the fifth to the eighth with sanctification by faith, and ninth to the eleventh God's rejection of the Jews, proving it to be right and just. How little could a person know of the word of God who thus spake, He {Mr- Green) then went on to show, or try to show, that the election in the word of God referred to work, position, honor, and not to salvation, and he gave several illustrations such as Aaron, Elisha, Samuel, and Noah. Mr. Green said that Pharoah was not born for destruction, and no one was born for destruction. What about Judas Iscariot ? Christ said " I have lost none but the son of perdition, that the Scripture might be fulfilled." It also said that Judas went to his own place. Christ also said " I have chosen yon twelve and one of you is a devil." He (Mr. Green) said they knew nothing about Election except in connection with the Jews. What about that verse in Acts where it said " the Gentiles h&rd; the word gladly, and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed." Mr. Green said that Election was to work, honor, service, and instanced himself and his people. So according to that some were elected to be ministers and others to be lumpers. He (Mr. Green) said that in no instance was Election to salvation. What about their text ? " God hath chosen you to salvation "—not to position or honor. They might never /get honor in this world, but others were still God's dear people, chosen unto salvation through the sanctification of the Spirit. He would show them (1) that there was an Election unto salvation, (2) that this Election to salvation was eternal and irrecoverable, (3) that this Election; was personal and particular, and lastly that it was absolute and unconditional. (1.) He had proved that there was an Election and that nnto'salvation. It had been said the Jewish nation were elected-to position to fulfil God's eternal purposes: The Jews were used as an illustration, is a type of God's dealings with His church, and God's management of. Israel was a type of his government at the church ; the Jewish nation were'cast out for their works, for they crucified the Lord. "Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for, but the Election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded." " And that He might make known the riches of His glory on the vessels of mercy whom he had afore prepared unto glory " even us whom he hath called. Iliis was not of the Jews'only, but also for the Gentiles/ They fonnd in the Epistle to the Thessalonians " For God hath not appointed us to wrath "but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ." That supported him. And what did the Lord Him-, self say? "All that the Father hath given Me shall, come to Me, and he that cometh unto Me I will.in no wise cast out." When He saw the bitter anger of the Jews when He was preaching thfe doctrine the Lord was not afraid ; He said to them, " But ye believe not, because ye are not of My sheep."- And the Lord was not disappointed beeauBethey did not believe. He prayed to His Father, saying, " Father, I thank Thee that Thou hast hid these' things from the wise and prndent, and revealed.' them unto babes, for so it seemed good in Thy 7 sight." Then they turned to the 8th of Romans and read, " All things work together for good to them that love God "—there their friend stopped, because it would not do to go further. But he would go right on—" To them that are called according to his purpose." If this only referred to the Jews what good was it for him (Mr. Green) to preach it to a Gentile congregation if God had no purposes for the Gentiles. He thought they would see that there was an Election to salvation. " He predestinated us unto adoption as sons according, to the eternal purposes which He purposed in Christ' Jesus our Lord having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Christ - Jesus our, Lord according to good pleasure of His will to the praise and glory of His grace." If it was not to salvation why did the Apostle say, "He hath chosen us beloved to salvation that we might be holy and without blame before him in love." "He'-hath' saved us and called us according to his own' purpose in Christ." He satved ns first and : called ns afterwards. Not according to works,' but according to His own purpose, in Christ which was given before the world began. Many .strangers, ; not Jews, but from the Gentile _ world, believe.! Second—this election was not only" unto salvation,.- bnt it is eternal and irrevocable. He was eternal According as He hath chosen ns in Him before the' foundation of the world—according to His eternalpurpose that was written to the Ephesians. There' they had the eternity of election. God was independent of time. Did Christ, come to the world to make salvation possible conditionally ? No; He came to seek and to save that which was.lost. .Did He come to save all, and only save a part of them ? Why, Christ came to save His people from their sins. Christ-says that all that the Father givethhim shall come unto him, &c.; Thirdly—This election was not only eternal, but personal and particular. They found the Lord saying " Before I formed thee in the belly I -knew thee, and before thou'camest forth from the womb I sanctified thee." Christ knew everyone of his sheep, "The Lord knoweth them that are His." The Holy Ghost told Paul toremain in Corinth, for.said he, " I have much people in this city." It would be sad for mankind if salvation were left to the haman will. Why, no ' a single individual would be saved. " No man can come nnto me except my Father draw him," said Christ. If salvation was for all why did not God draw all to Jesns ? Christ .knew them before the world began. When He even knew the fish' that had the piece of money. Christ did 'not love everybody and give Himself for everybody. Christ did not come into this earth and offer salvation to as many as made up their mind to believe. Christ died for the Church ; for the Church of God which He had purchased with His own blood. It was the Church—the elect—to be saved. Lastly, this election was absolute and unconditional. If it was from God it must be absolute. God did not elect people on the condition that they believed, for to do so would make salvation dependent on the works of the creature. But, as the apostle said, " If by grace then it is no more works, but if it be of works then it is no more grace ; otherwise work is no more work." No, it depended upon God " who worketh in us to will and to do of His good pleasure." God told them to spread the gospel, for He knew where, His people were, and they must obey. 