WHY AM I A CATHOLIC? {Rev. S. M. Brandi, S.J., American Bevieiv.) North IT is clear that my answer to the question, " Why am I a Catholic p" must shape itself according to what I conceive to be the religious position of my interrogator. I cannot well state a case until I know what I may take for granted, nor can I begin a line of proof until I know how far back my demonstration is expected to go. This is indeed the chief difficulty which presents itself to one who undertakes to formulate, in a few pages of a review article, his reasons for the faith that is in him. Fortunately, however, in the present instance, I am freed from this embarrassment by the limits assigned by the editor. I am not supposed here to address myself to Infidels, but to Christians, and "while assuming what is common to all—faith in the Christian revelation—briefly to explain the reasons why I choose to enter, or preferred to remain in the Church to which I belong." Supposing, therefore, the fact of revelation, I assume that whoever admits the existence of the Christian religion, and its importance, will of course adimit that the profession of it, as taught and defined by Christ, is not a mere matter of choice. It stands to reason that religion, if once defined by the Supreme Legislator, is, as so defined by Him, of strict obligation. Hence it is not optional with believers in the Christian revelation to adopt any form of religion they please, or, to use the words of a well-known Unitarian writer, "to make their own formula of belief or conviction, or to ake none." Christian revelation assures us that Jesus Christ taught but one religion, and that He made the belief and practice of it a divine law. In virtue of that supreme power which He had in Heaven and upon earth, He gave to His Apostles, whom He specially called and choose from among the many disciples that surrounded Him, the divine mission He had received from His Heavenly Father: "As the Father hath sent Me, so also I send you." He commanded them to go and preach Sis Gospel to all nations, to teach them "to observe all things whatsoever He had commanded them" (Matt, xxviii. 20). Nay, He made the belief in His Gospel, as preached by His Apostles, an essential condition for salvation, emphatically declaring that " he that believeth not shall be condemned" (Mark xvi. 16). The doctrines, therefore, of this one religion, taught us by Christ through His Apostles, are the objects of our belief ; its precepts alone have the power to bind our will. Moreover, as Christ taught but one religion, so He established but one Church : " Thou art Peter, and upon this Rock I will build My Church (Matt. xvi. 18). He always speaks of "His Church," never of " His Churches;" and the different types employed by Him and His Apostles to denote the Church necessarily imply the same oneness. It is a " fold," a kingdom," a "body," etc., not invisible, but visible, founded for the purpose of carrying out His own visible mission among all men to the end of time. To this Church He committed the sacred trust of His religion (Matt, xxviii. 19, 20), and promised that in teaching His Gospel it should be directed by the Holy Ghost (John xiv. 16); that "the gates of hell should not prevail against it" (Matt. xvi. 18), because it should have His own divine assistance "all days, even to the consummation of the world" (Matt, xxviii. 21). These words are addressed to the Apostles not merely as individuals, for, as such, they were not to live "all days even to the consummation of the world;" but inasmuch as they, with their lawfully appointed successors, form one jnoral body instituted by Christ to perpetuate on earth His own divine mission. And because of this His own unfailing assistance, He could say to His Church: "He who heareth you eareth Me, and he who despiseth you espiseth Me " (Luke x. 16). " He who oth not hear the Church, let him be to hee as a heathen and a publican" (Matt, xviii. 17). The Church, therefore, is His organ, His voice, His representative. Hence, as we are not free to mbrace any religion we please, but must mbrace His religion,BO tothis one Church, hich He established, and to no other, we must belong in order to be saved. The Church is " the body of Christ" (1. Cor. xii. 27). Whoever, then, is not member of this Church, is not in union ith Christ the Head. Hence, to the question proposed as the eading of this paper, "Why am I a atholic ?" my answer is plain: I, am a atholic, because a'careful examination f the nature and noteB, or characteristic arkfe, of the religious. society foiinded y Christ, convinces •me, beyond the ossibility of & doubt, that the Catholic Church is the one true Church established on earth by Jesus Christ. There can be no doubt that if Jesus Christ obliges all men to " hear the Church" which He established, and, consequently, to obey her, and to be snbjeet to her, He must give all men the means to know her with certainty. He must have impressed upon her certain prominent characteristics, by which she could be clearly recognised as the divinely authorised teacher of men, to lead them in the way of truth and salvation. His perfect justice required it: otherwise He would have given a command, without making its fulfilment possible. As we admit, therefore, that He obliged us to hear His Church, we are bound to admit also that He gaveOEIis Church these distinctive notes, or marks, by which she can be recognised. But what are these important marks by which all ages have infallibly recognised the true Church ofChristP They are well known. Thus the Apostles' Creed and the Nicene Creed, which are so peculiarly sacred to all Christians, and which " may be proved by the most certain warrants of Holy Scripture" (8th of 39 Art. of the Church of England), expressly affirm the assistance of these marks. They are four—Unity, Holiness, Catholicity, and Apostolicity. "I believe in the One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church." These four marks, therefore, when found together, manifest the Church which all ages have recognised as the true Church of Christ—the Church in which our forefathers believed. Now all these marks I find nowhere except in the Catholic Church. Therefore, I must conclude that the Catholic Church is the only true Church of Christ. A mere glance at the profession of faith of the Catholic Church, at her Catechisms, or theological treatises, at her books of instruction as they are published in various countries, will suffice to show that her members " keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." And as they have but one Lord and one baptism, so also they have but one faith (Eph. iv. 3, 5). "They are," as Tertullian well said of the primitive Christians, "each what all are and all what each is." Catholics, however far apart in time and place, however separated by conflicting interests, inclinations, or national prejudices, are all intimately united in religion, and constitute one great people, one fold, one kingdom, professing the same doctrines, and acknowledging one Supreme authority, viz., the authority of the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar of Christ, and the Successor of St. Peter. This twofold unity of faith and government is an essential property of the true Church of Christ. And, indeed, if the members of Christ's mystical body were not animated by the same faith, how could they be said to be " members of member," or, as we may read in the revised ver sion, " severally members thereof P" (1 Cor. xii. 27). How could their unity be compared to that which exists between the Eternal Father and His Divine Son, and be a proof to the world of the divinity of Jesus Christ ? (John xvii. 20 21). And if the Church were not one m Government, how could it be said to be a kingdom P A kingdom necessarily conveys the idea of a society strictly one, and this implies one supreme authority. It is a fact, moreover, that our Lord ordained that His Church should have one universal pastor. It was to Peter alone' that he addressed these words: " Blessed art thou, Simon Bar-jona . . . and I say to thee that thou art Peter (Cephas), and upon this rock (Cephas) I will build my Church... and I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven" (Matt. xvi. 18,19). That Peter is " the Rock " is not only evident from the context and the common interpretation of the Fathers, but is also admitted by the most learned Protestant commentators. Tims Bloomfield (Comm. in loc.) testifies that this is the interpretation of " almost every modern (Protestant) expositor of any note." I cannot better explain the relation of Christ and Peter, as foundations of the Church, than in the words of St. Leo (A.D. 440): " As My Father has manifested My divinity to thee," he says, paraphrasing Christ's address to Peter, "1 make known to thee thy excellences: for thou art Peter, that is, as I am the inviolable Rock, who maketh both one, I, the Foundation, other than which no one can lay; nevertheless, thou also art a Rock, because thou art strengthened by My power, so that tho.se, things which belong to Me by nature are common to thee with Me bypaxticipa-. tion." (Serm. 4 de AflSumpt.),, And Christ fulfilled His promise, loir,., as. St. John relates in , the twenty-^rst/ chapter of his Crpspel^ our ; gaviour, after his resurrection,! addressing the same Apostle, ' committed ,to Jhim the care of His Chnrch. " Feed My lambs, feed My,sheep." St. Ambrose (i.i>. 370) declares that Christ appointed Peter to feed the fernf,. , the sheep, " in order that He, !° d the more perfect, might hold thZ j" ment (in Lucam. 1. 10, n. i7 fi? Te ">" Jerome (A D. 385) assigns the'J* f^jOur Lord constituted a head f His Church. " One is chosen aSti' twelve, that, a head being estSi, / the occasion of schism mayVettS (Ad. Jovin 1. 1, n. 26: and s, Optatus (A.d. 368), addressing £ Donatists, says that the Episcoiml A. in the city of Rome wV fit first upon Peter, "head of the Aptg whence he was called Cephas," and £ "m communion with that chair uS was to be preserved by all." The CatS he Church, preserves this common with the chair of Peter, the See ofEoiT and this is the reason why it is commonlv called the Roman Catholic Church," In the Catholic Church, again I fy that holiness which must character!., the true Church of Christ. BvT doctrine and the administration of the Sacraments the true Church of Chri Bt is to carry on the work of Christ, and so attain the end for which she was insti tuted—the sanctification of her members' And this is precisely what the Catholic Church does. (To be continued.) 