News of the Churches. BIBLE CHRISTIAN. In England the Bible Christians have an increase of 906 members this year. This is a larger increase than all the other Methodists put together in the same country, in the same time. The Rev. W. S. Pascoe. in Canada, formerly Bible Christian minister, now iu the United Methodist Church, has been honored with D.D., and is the President of the London Conference. CONGBEeATIONAL. The Secretary of the Congregational Union oE New South Wales has written to Mr B. Short, the Sydney evangelist, to say that he has been appointed a delegate to represent New South Wales in the confeience to be held by the Congregationalists of South Australia, in celebration of their Jubilee in September. On Sunday last Mr. B. Short, the Sydney evangelist, conducted services in the afternoon for the young, and in the evening for adults at the Port Congregational Church. On the Saturday his beautiful model of the tabernaele had been erected and his diagrams hung. These were object lessons. With great vividness Mr. Short showed how fully the tabernacle was a type of Christ, and at the same time he constantly applied the ICSSODS to the souls of the people with remarkable power. In the afternoon the hands of thirty-five children were held up for special prayer, and in the evening the hands of eight adults. The evening service began at half-past six and was not over till a quarter past nine, but the people were so moved and interested that though they had opportunity scarcely any left till the conclusion. All felt a great sense of the presence of the Holy Ghost and of the unsearchable riches of Christ and the exceeding grace of God. On Monday evening Mr. Short continued his mission in the Port Adelaide Congregational Church. A large prayer meeting was held preceding. At a quarter to eight he begap_again to expound Christ from the Tabernacle to very large and interested audienee. At times a sacred awe, as of the Divine presence, passed over the whole assembly. Mr. Short especially expounded the ark and the mercy seat. At the close* 25 adults stood up and testified by so doing that they had accepted Christ in .the meeting. The skill and quiet of Mr. Short's methods, the high intelligence and full acquaintance with the method of salvation by Christ which he exhibits are remarkable. He appeals to sinners and saints at the same time. On Tuesday evening Mr. Short conducted his third mission service at the Port Adelaide Congregational Church. There was again a large and interested congregation, Mr. Short was led especially to speak from the inner covering of the T.;bernacle as a type of Christ's perfect humanity and perfect divinity and also of his glorification. He likewise spoke of the redemption money and its utilization in the construction of the Tabernacle. At the close of the meeting many stood up to testify that they had received blessing under the services. The Rev. J. C. Kirby, the pastor, expressed his thanks to Mr. Short for his valuable labors, and all present held up their right hand signifying their thanks. For the proper working of his mission there can be no doubt but that Mr. Short requires a week, and there is evidence that the interest would be sustained fully d week, as he abounds so in teaching as well as appeal. The anniversary services of the Welsh Sunday School, Wallaroo, were held on Sunday and Monday iast. On Sunday three sermons were preached by the Revs. F. Bullock, W. A. Langsford, and J. Lloyd (pastor). Hymns were well sung by the children. On Monday tea and public meetings were held, Mr. W. Davies (the superintendent of the school) presiding. The report read by Mr. T. Evans showed—scholars 132, teachers 15, books in library 200. Receipts £27, expenditure the same. Speeches were made by the pastor, the Revs. W. Davidson, T. Wood, and A. Hodge. Votes of thanks closed the meeting which was well attended. WESLEYAN. Services in connection with the Jamestown Wesleyan Church anniversary were held on Sunday and Monday, August 7th and 8th. On Sunday the Rev. J. Gillingham preached morning and afternoon, and the Rev. W. Hodge in the evening. On Monday there was a tea and public meeting, Mr. W. Treleaven presiding, and addresses were given by the Revs. Perry, Hodge, and Gillingham. The Wesleyan Jubilee celebration in the Laura Circuit commenced on Sunday, August 7. At Gladstone the Rev. J. Y. Simpson (president of the Conference), preached in the Wesleyan Church in the morning. In the afternoon Mr. Simpson preached in the Institute Hall, when thirty or forty of the local volunteers attended in uniform. The Rev. W. B. Mather conducted the evening service in the church.. The Sunday collections amounted to nearly £6. A dinner was provided on Thursday, 11th inst., and held in the Institute Hall: increasing the funds by nearly £6. The public meeting took place in the church. Rev. W. B. Mather presided. Addresses were given by the Rev. W. Clarke of Port Pirie, and the Jubilee Secretary (Rev. C. T. Newman.) The choir rendered special selections of Jubilee hymns at intervals. A collection of £1 was taken up. Promises of more than £60 were received. The Jubilee celebrations at Laura, Wirrabara and Yarrowie during the week have proved a great success.— Areas Express. The Rev. E. A. Telfer, of the British Wesleyan Conference, is at present on a visit to Adelaide and is creating quite a sensation. Mr. Telfer preached in Pirie-street on Sunday evening last, and during the week has been lecturing on such subjects as London, The Scottish Covenanters, The Boys of Derry, &c.; Mr. Telfer is said to have superior gifts as a lecturer, and those who hear him go away delighted. His stay here only lasts over a few weeks. MISCELLANEOUS. At the annual meeting of the Salvation Army held in Melbourne, Monday evening, Commissioner Howard said the Army now had in Australia 512 stations. The aggregate number of persons attending the services was lfi0,000. During the year, 19,000 had sought salvation. The officers numbered G19. The total circulation of Army publications for the year had been over 4,000,000. The total receipts were £66,000. A trade of £34,000 had been done, returning a profit of .£3,600. The Rev. J. J. Westwood, Bush missionary, is at present on a visit to Adelaide. Mr, Westwood for 30 years has been engaged in preaching the Gospel in the Bush throughout South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, As he has no committee, and is not paid by any organization, Mr. Westwood relies for .support upon voluntary aid only. Last year he was very unfortunate, having lost a horse and buggy in Queensland through the death of the man in whose charge he had left them, He is making a short stay here prior to resuming his. work in the interior, and in the meantime is preaching in the Botanic Gardens on Sunday afternoons, 