PINS. Cum grano salis. j Of course, everybody attended Professor ' Pa'dwin's seances-not even excepting the j Vitr-y (a section of them only). The j "; tessor gave us a lot nf food for studv j \,< is a study in himself, for though amusing, i pre- eminently practical, having a very j i eye to the main chance. The Professor i - hcitious to have thc patronage of trie I f1".7y, Í notice-and in this I see much J c PTess - or s iy, sound policy ; for instance, î h . very careful to tell his audience-that j * t ?' siy, the parsons present, that he didn't \ ve in tlie fantastic tricks of modern ! ? , -'uaHsm-because, don't you see, the ! ritualism of to-day is unorthodox. Hut li T , he said, he believed in the good, old- | j f h oned spiritualism, the same as the i p rs >ns did ; the grand old Book and so on. [ Til of course, at once established fri. ndly j r. i^ons. Of course all the Professor did J we.3 tricks - except a few things he couldn't j ..( ."' well explain-or didn't want to-such j is v :*s. Baldwin getting out of the hag and her remarkable guesses of the questions people had'written and put in their pockets. The 1 wire trick is simply magnetism, and therefore not a mystery. I fancy the parsons, like the rest pf us, were a bit puzz'ed, though they i seemed to enjoy it-but how could they he pleased when the Professor's performance had.something of the diabolical about it, or was it a travestie upon something unseen and .^inexplainable ? I have generally boen led |o understand that the clergy didn't believe in the black art, in humbug, or in decejplim, yet Professor Baldwin's clever perfárrranees were all of these. Tricks with cardsiï had always supposed was a tabooed gaiti^-by the clergy, so also dancing and ¡ bro?1 ; ^)uiîs of a very materialistic character. \ í-i 8 nd 1 vrz rr«ihtai»,:n-for Cu tr. C-TÎ ' -e. -~.»\7i-7\ u . Sj) ic.-t ?.Pr. -,»,> r'i "(ir'''' tnrnc«! '«ip :he -.¿cr:..-': : vc*:.i"c. Ac a p*.or oiü áciil upo-: Uve sticks, i object to none of tl! lese tilings. What was plain to my senses was as plain and understandable to the clergy's, but the other busmcss must have been rather less (or more, which ?) piquant to them than to me. Miss Edwards' vrrv nice *nngs and her graceful steps were neither gall nor wormwood to me-no more th.an is drama, nperaf or burlesque-but then, I take 'it, if there be any consistency at all in tilings it must hare been other« ise in another direc- tion. Taken all together, I liked Professor Baldwin's show much ; it was clever and interesting-and besides, it revived in my mind myoid love of metaphysics, and set me a-thinking what there was in such a show that a parson should not object to, and what there is in a dramatic emer'ainment that a paison should. I am at a lo^s ; the peculiarities of the hum-in mind are wonder- ful, and in spite of phrenology, physiognomy, animal magnetism, etc., the mind is as h ird a subject to deal willi as ever 'twas. If I s«y that al! the Professor and hi- wife did was humbug, no doubt the clergy will believe me; but if I refer to ce-tiin tr.iigs dom-, bv individuals - 0 ti'y rneu mind you-' thous nds . o{ years ago, a d »le* emir., a'e them by the >a:ve tenn, they will upbraid me. Now this, to ire, is a meta- physic d puzzle. Without mentioning cer- tain smart tricks of legerdemain, pnc".i>e!. in Egvpt some thousands of years ago-tricks with mirrors and rods th:;t telescoped, and other hanky-panky, I may refer to ,.r"? tiling on'y, which I can't g'.-t r .und no how, be cause, you see, it wa« :i sm:¡rt trick done by an irregular hand. Witches have a;wavs beeri in bad repute ir >ni the timi.- of Saul, King of Israe1, down to very recent year- - and many a poor «retch bas perished through being considered one. Now we are told that a witch Wis induced to raise from the dead the body of a man who, in iii-, (¡iii witchery by authority-and strange to say, this poor woman, though only a freelance in the black art, had the power tn do as -lie was desired by the great king-who, (13- the bye, was in trouble and wanted advice. . He got it, and, presumedly, the good man laid down in his shell and went off to sleep again-at any rate, we hear of him no more, though, strange as it may appear, 3 second book 1 bearing his name, appears to have been j written after the foregoing event. Now, | what I would ¡ike to know is, from whom I did the witch receive her license? hecause, you know, raising a man from the dead is a very much more serious thing than releasing j a woman from a bag or telling what one may have written on a scrap of paper-w mderful j as it may appear. Professors Dirke and Pepper put us up to a good many things in the mysterious iine a good many years ago, and more recently Messrs. Maskeyne and Cook, and even Professor Baldwin has done the same ; so that if we are sceptical of one thins we may just as well be of another. Tne first named gentleman gave us their cele- brated ghost, and the latter exposed the spiritualistic tricks oí Home and SLde, and when I find th nt such mysterious things can be done by smart men now-,i-riays hy--imply using natural means-that ;s. obeying Nature's laws, my respect for .ancient magi- cians, astrologers, necromancers, fortune- tellers and miracle wo: leers dirrûr.isheî muchly. To my mind - which I confess is a very materialistic one-there is much more in spirituals m than the so-cal ed exposers or parsons even understand ; and though I am disposed to give great kudos to the former for their smartness. I cannot to the latter, be- cause they con'rad ct their own professions. It is nonsense to say that a thing is rot and humbug because we do not understand it ; ihe materialistic-spiritualised doctrine, if I may so call it, of orthodoxy, is a mystery, and so is tho peculiar antics of unorthodox spiritualists, and it'* ajreguiar mystery to me why one set of jyjiritualists should fail out .with another. That spiritualists, of all kinds, should fall foul of materialists, I can understand, because your man of f icts and matter don't profess to believe in anything he cant grip, either v. i th his banda or his mind. Yet he leans kindly towards the un- orthodox spiritUiiis', simply because he knows there are mai;y things in nature he does not understand, and therefore he is not justified in denying their existence ; while or» the other hind, the orthodox spiritualist, while believing in mystery of one kind, laughs immoderately at the mysteries of others. Anyhow, it is hoped that Professor Baldwin, though only a trickster, or a Yankee humbug, as I have heard him called, has been the means of making thc clergy of our town more rational men-though not one whit religious- I hope always to see gentle- men of this profession religious, and at the sume time, to'er.int. Sucha combination is neither impossible nor inconsistent, and the man who can be both must be, in my opinion, . n ire effective in the good work they may j have laid themselves out to perform. The " Ev'nung Noose" is wroth with the Government h oca us o they have very properly decided to block a lot of greedy sharks who seem to have had u longing eye upon the public purse. It appears that the late Government decided to open a street along- side the General Post Office, to be called " Post Ofhce Stree " ; a.d that said street should be an uniform width of 7 ó feet, pro- vided owners of pr >perty adjacent-that hs, those who ow¡;efi frontages to Pitt and George street, were willing to seil the Government sufficient land, say an average of 20 feet, at a nominal price. Land owners fa i 1 i n sj to do this v.ihin six months (the specified time;, the late Postmaster- General, Mr. Suttor, decided to open the street its present width of OG feet, and to built a fence or wall 8 feet high the winde length of the street, which would block these proprietors in. To complete the street the whole width of OG feet, it became necessary to purchase two pieces of land, one having 3 feet to George-street, the other 1 1 feet to Pitt street. The owner of the P.r-t named piece was willinir to ¿rive the desired 3 feet, seeing, as a sensible man, tin' advantage it would De to the State ; but the owner of ike ll feet - a bi;* monopolist residing in Engla- d-asked the trifling sum of £7100 for it-which, of course the Government decline to give, and they have therefore decided to carry out Mr. Suttor's minute. Sydney papers gener- ally approve of the ?Government's determina- tion, but somehow, the " Noose" seems to have forgotten its ancient liberalism, and have gone over to the landed upper-crust ! thc plntocrats of Sydney. Of couise the j " '-.* >ose" proprietors are^not now so po¡pr as w ey were before the " Down and Gumtree" feathered their nests ; and this circumstance has been the means of sounding their democracy-which not a very deep sea line will bottom. Now I, foi one, am only too glad to give the G overnment kudos thus carly in their career, for stepping out in the right direction - making a stind against the greed of those comorants of society who see, at all times, in the Government, a fit subject for plunder. These niggardly land owners must surely be blind to stand tiras in I their own light ; for £7260 should he a small sum for them to pay for the advantages of having a frontage to such a busy street as this new street must be. The street itself I even at the reduced width of Gd feet - must be of great advantage to the public, but how I much more would it he to these selfish owners were the street the full width < f 70 fec-t. and frontages " all along the line ?" The Government 'Tte doing what is right in resisting this preposterous demand-and instead of the Government bein? guilty of " bhick-mai'ing," as the " N ios" hat!; :', mv opinion is that the boot is on 'he other foot. " A most exemplary Premier ! ' sui-: a man lo me the f.'l\\.T day. " who is'" said i. " Why, S:r Henry P;:rhes,'r >:¡ys he. Ve god«, after that the de'trje! and ¡et ns have it as quickly as p.- s-sible so '.hst ail such " exemplary" premiers may be turned into amphibians or some other crawling reptiles. In what is Sir Henry Parkes exemplary—in his Billingsgate ? If some leisured literary crank wanting employment, were to compile a little book in which could be found all Sir Henry's choice specimens of rude Eng- lish spoken during his late electioneering campaign, he would be doing the lovers of the curious a great service : " Specimens of rude Hinglish—period, 19th century," by Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G., Premier, etc., etc.," would sell much beter than " Murmurs of the Stream," by H. Parkes, chartist, radical, and poet. It is no use my enumerating here what he said of Suttor, or Melville, or O'Sullivan, of Dibbs, of Forsyth, of Burke, of Hyam, of Lyne or Renwick, for the garbage he uttered in his ponderously humorous way, can do them no harm, but recoils upon him as the Premier of the colony, and as being the man, of all others, who has set young members and the people generally, a most pernicious example-that of abusing, in the most malicious way, an opponent. It is notorious that Sir Henry Parkes pursued erery one of those members who voted for his expulsion from the Chamber, with the most venomous hatred; he not only opposed them us being inimical to Free-trade, but he opposed them from personal motives of revenge, and in such choice slang- whanging, that none but a fish fag(and Sir Henry Parkes) could use. Of course there were crows and magpies, and " yellow dorgs" in plenty to hang upon his every word, and howl in chorus, " See what a great man is our champion of Free—— that is to say, opponent of everything free under the sun, except it be our freedom of speech, and our right to put the comether upon Freethinkers and free speakers ; upon lecturers upon astronomy and all other such like ungodliness;." Yes, there are lots of people of that kidney, who fondly imagine they're in for a good old time of it, now that under the sacred name of Free-trade they can carry on just as they d——hem! well please. But in this we think they are much mistaken. Forty- one or two of a minority of decidedly a better quality than the so- called 82 of the Telegraph's majority are cot to be sneezed at ; and ce will find that such j a crowd as Dibbs, Copeland, Abbett, Fletcher, Garran, Slattery Lyne, O'SuUivan, Melvile, Waiker, Want, Wall, Barbour. O'Mara, Gale, and Hassall, are not exactly the men to be sat npon, even by so big a hish 1 mightiness as the senior member for St. Leonards. Allowing that Sir Henry has S2 supporters-and í d ;abt it - I find but 22 who can he considered fairly good men; and ani'in,' that number are at least 5 who he maj find very dangerous -supporters-all capable men who will stand no humbugging, and may turn tail upon him at any moment, on any other question than Free-trade. This " exemplary" premier will find that his ministerial couch for the next six months wi-I be no bed of roses, and if the ghosts of some of the abused ones do not haunt his 7$ guinea couch and disturb his slumbers, I shall be greatly surprised. One can, by * very slight effort of imagination, see the non Parliamentary spirits of C M.G. Davies, Kenwick, Suttor, Baker, anj Shepherd, gibbering round their former chief's pillow, making his night hideous. There is a living sprite - far more dreaded than any one af these Parliamentary dead 'uns, and that is. the Hon. Tom Garrett, who will seize upon the first opportunity to sheet it home to his venerable, but not respected chief. By what process of reasoning the f)a¡l>/ Telegraph makes out that lhere were t¿3,1-35 Protectionists roted at the late election pi zz'es me. It by no means follows that ail who voted for a declared Protectionist candi- date were necessarily protectionists them- selves. Not at al!. " lt must be," »Le Telegraph will argue, " if they voted foi a Protectionist when a Free-trader was in the field." By no means, Mr. King- street Nfuddle-head. There are two men in the field-say for Windsor or Jericho, its imma- terial which ; one declares himself 3 Protectionist, t'other a Free- trader; the former is knowu to be a sound man-honest, consistent, and cipable; the other is known to be a trimmer, with n -t half the ability tile other man lins, besides, his Free-trade principles won't bear examination. Now, which of the two would any honest elector vote for ? The former, undoubtedly : he must either vote for the straight man ur not at all-and men who value their franchise da not like to stand aloof on these occasions. Now, I helieve there were lots of Free-trade electors so placed at the late elections, ani ns the Protectionist candidates were, in most instances, sincere men, they must have se- cured the votes of a large numbtr of mes who were undoubtedly Free-traders-but who preferred an honest Protectionist to atj unreliable Free-trader, or anythhigarian. - The fact is, these remarkable analysis* nf electioneering figures indulged in by the Telegraph are unreliable and misleading. A. lot of men were areturned by neither Free- traders nor ectionists, but by* their personal friends (asaras the case here), many :V¿ of whom know as much about politics as gbgj^ -do of astronomy, and it wouldn't take tench \i figuring to reckon that upi At arty *at£i|3? feel assured that had good -men on both sides -Protectionists and Free-traders-been brought out, the number of Protectionists returned would have been less than they are. I blame no man for voting for a gentleman instead of a cad ; or a capable, honest man, whose political principles are different to his, rather than a political pariah who bas none at all-never had any, and were he to J;ye to the ase of Methusaleh, never Would bave anv. I am not surprised at ali at the " Tel-a-cram" calling men of this discretion Free-traders ; the " Tel-a-cram" is at pres- ent the Free-trade organ, but should it ever happen that Abbott, Garran, Wall, Melville, O'Sullivan, and that crowd ruled the roast with a majority at their backs, it wouid jump Jim Crow as nimbly as it did when first transplanted from the " Cabbage Garden" to New South Wales Free-trade soil-in which it has thrived so well. Ninepence for a hundred-weight 'f ¡«cerne is v.hat a Hawkesbury farmer recently re- ceived, clear of expersc-s, from a Svdr.ey aiient-which agent, I do not kno there ire so mary of 'em-they are as numerous as bees in a hive, and quite as intent upon sucking the farmer of his profits as the b-es aroresaid are of extracting al] the sweet juices they can from the floral tribe. At this rate, farming in a good season is not " all beer and skittles" to the grower. It is certainly jolly for the general public to know that bountiful Nature has wrought abundance ever)'« here : but to the farmer this abundance (under existing systems) means the reverse oí jollity, for between commission and produce agents and their landlords, they lead rather a. melancholy life cf it. Now, I believe in plentv-plenty everywhere, and I would not join in a prayer meeting to stay the rain or sunshine if I thought both would do good for humanity-not for a million or so. There are persons who would, I know, whether they habitually say their prayers or not. Any- how, let us have plenty, I say; a cheap feed for our horses as well as a cheap loaf, cheap fruit and vegetables for ourselves. Still, it must De patent that ninepence a cwt. for lucerne will not pay the most industrious farmer to cultivate. What, then, is to be done ? He says he " must sell because his landlord wants his rent." Just so? and it is just hero where our farmers are handicapped -just where the curse of our beautiful (to the landlords) system comes iq. If the Stale were the only landlord, or the larmer lilied his own freehold, he would not be compelled to sell in order to pry his rent ; he wonld tide it over until lucerne was not a drug ir. the market, and then his stacks of good, o;d, well-seasoned lucerne would fetch him ia something woith having. This sort of thing can be carried too far, I know ; and capital- ists-very religious capitalists too-have been known in our metropolitan city of Sycney, to make a big haul out of a flour famine. I don't believe in that sort of thin-*; but in the farmer's case, selling for next lo nothing, or keeping his produce until he caa get a fair price, it is very different. It's a had state of affairs when our husbandmen, have to sen their stuff as soon as grewa to 'settle the ins.uial>ie monster-REST; and ; i_- all prirts ci the world, it is the moat relentless and hatred ni mt-ter known. ff a farmer cannot afford to stick his lucerne, his oaten hav, or store hU :r.a¡zef until the market is better, tt !>hows that there is something rotten io the s'*te uf D nniatk'' \- and it is out of this rottesnes» that money- lenders, usurers, and plutocrats general.y fitton. Landlordism is a curse in any < ountry ; it is the blight <;f a tinner's exist cr.ee-rater-pillars, grubs, rust, and all the other nuisances with uhich t!ie farmer has to contend, are small punkin» to it ; it is the .. old man of the sea" on Sinbad's back that keeps him down. Landlordism is non nrn^ressivc ; it is not necessary t<« thos>e who faitcu on it that the woild should advance. Ï Ttidlordijim begat th.it other ugly monster, Protection- and sire and eun ¿o together in every country, staying progress, until met. who sigh for freedom, f.iiriy roused, will .-'rangle both out of exi>t -nc:. N > country t jil bc really free which perpetuates-or even j tolerates-the existence of two such uncouth monsters. They fatten upon the misery of | tho marses, and selfishness is the oniv senti- ment they arc guilty of-and that pervades j their whole being. The farmer who curios ¡ is landlord, yet clamours for thc bastard of Protection, Reciprocity, is a fool, because be rr.ust bave triced the relationship existing between the three. The remedy is simple : Lol us have the State th« .-ole landlord ; opon ports, and population ; these form the . inity that shill, in tho course of years, ^wallow up the other triple-luaded monster,. ttic interests of humanity, all uv« r the world. Farmers, don't despair! '* There's t» good time eoming, boys (if not m your o-.iys, in the days of your sons and daughters) 7 ist wait a little longer." When you have i. outlis to feed you will have a gjod market; 1 it witb only a million of people y.-u can l. itd'y expect it ; and yet your s-o-called friends wou!d keep your market away from vour door, by preventing immigrât ion, A >MOIiEUà. 