FOR HONOURS SAKE, — — ' ? ^ ? Dy Tlio Author 01 ' Ciikystobbii ' CONTINUED He rushed from the room, and a minute afterwards wo saw him flying down the avenue, just as ho was, haro-hondod. the rain beating upon him. Wo looked into each othev's faces. What was it ? What was going lo happen ? ' It is about Lily,' I said, at last breaking ' tlio silence, ' I wish slio were at home. Oh, J wish she were at home 1' ' Don't he foolish,' whispered Major Dering laying his firm hand on my trembling ones. ' Your sister must be sheltering s.nnewhore from the storm.' ' But where can she be ?' I askoil, anxiously. Jack left the room, and soon came hack, enveloped in a long waterproof coat. 'I a.n going to search for her, aud see, if I don't pitch into her for giving us all such a fright ! I dare say she is hiding, just for a lark.' ' Stop a moment, Jack— here is Hary coming back.' Wet through, Harry Dale strode in breath less. I caught mv breath with a gasp as I looked at his bloodless face. What mnde him appear like that ? Major Dering went up to him. 'What is it? Come, we are only losing ' time.' ' I don't know — Heaven grant it isn't so' — his lips quivered — ' but sho was so proud of pull ng a pair of sculls, and sho told me she would row herself out to the yacht sonic day.' Aunt Mildred screamed and wrung her lrnnds together. Major Bering turned to me quickly, with hope in his voice, but nono in the stern pitying eyes hont so tenderly to wards mo. 'Then most likely sho is on board the J'reaml I will go nfc ouce. Couid, Jack.' And then, stooping low, lie said to mo, ' Bo brave now ; k«ep up your heart till I couio back.' ' Take me too. Oh. I couldn't wait so long !' I pleaded. ' No, believe me, it is bettor not,' he said, putting mo away gently. Aunt Mildred and I watched them down the avenuo and till .they were out of sight, poor aunt Mildred holding my bund in hew, and Baying with pale trembling lips again and again — ' She must he in the yacht. Don't cry Meta darling.' I wasn't crying — I was in too great suspense to cry. Down aunt Mildred's cheeks the tears ran like rain, but my eyes were dry; from the dopths of my hoart however I cried to Heaven, and prayed that Lily might be on hoard the yacht. ' Wo could see the Dream tossing and' rocking outside. And then by-and-by a little boat lefl the land, going up and down over the waves, creeping out towards the Dream. How slowly it seemed to progress to the two anxious watchers in Enst Cliff ! It appeared to advance scarcely an inch nearer onch minute,' tossing about on the tumbling wnves — now at the top, now hidden from view, At last it was alongside, and Ihon it began to make its slow progress hack again. ' Can you see, Meta V asked aunt Mildrod eagerly. 'Did any ono get off from the yaoht V ' I taw no one, but perhaps it was to far out to distinguish,' I answered, outwardly calm, though fear in my heart was growing stronger and stronger. 'Aunt Mildred, I will run down to tlio shore and. meet the boat.' Sho looked iiTto my face sorrowfully. ' Poor child ! Well, go ; it would bo cruel to keep von.' . Snatciiiug a cloak from the hall, I ran out over the wet. croquot-grouud, and down the rough cliff path to the shoro. The groat waves with their w.hito toamy crests wero mill wild, but the sea was getting ciilinor. The boat camo ncaror and nearer ; there wero only throe in hor. Whero was Lily p Where was my sister? In silence thov ran tho tmat through the surf and landed. Very titorn and anxious, Jack camo up to ino. ' Wo aro going down to tho village, Muta, to make inquirios. Let Major Dering tako you homo.' 'What did they say at tho yacht t' I asked ' Jaok, tell mo tho truth.' ? They know nothing,' ho said — ' have not orou .seen tho punt,' And then, as I turned and looked wildly uvnr tho wide sou, ho added— ' Mota, why anticipate the worst? Dering take her homo.' Jack walked away, anil poor Harry Dale, still without hat or coat, his lair hair soaked with rain, followed him with bent head. ' Gome with me.' The voico was very low and tondor. I suffered the .Major to draw thy hand within his arm. ' Mujor Dering,' I said, looking up into his ?kin-l face, ' Pleaso let me go aud look (or Lily.' ' Whero could you look V he asked, sadly, his gaze turning, involuntarily I think, to wards tho breakers rolling in on the beach. ' I hate the sea !' I cried. ' Oh, how I hate it now !' ' Poor child !' he whispered, softly. ' And you loved it only yesterday.' 1 1 shall never love it again,1 I said, breaking into bitter tears. 'If — if ? Oh. Lily; Lily!' What need had I to put into words the dreadful fear that was present to my mind, growing into an. awful reality each moment ? In the driving rain, in a passion of wild weeping, I sat down on tho beach and refused to bo comforted, waiting for Lily, my sister, giving no heed to tho brave good man at my side, who held my hands in his strong firm clasp, and tried to speak words of hope. ' Come,' ho said at hiBt, lifting me to my leet — 'come with me, my darling.' The low tender voice, the loving words, only renewed my sorrow. What was even his love now il Lily was gone ? Aunt Mildred met us at tho door. ' No news,' said Major Dering, sadly, answering her unspoken question. In the dim twilight my aunt and I sat and wept together ; ami then the door opened, and Major .Dering came in. lie whispered something to aunt Mildred, who, looking deeply shocked, loft the room hastily. I rose to follow her. He laid his hand on my arm. 'No, I will tell you myself. Can you bear to hear it now V I sat do*n again, and hid by face on the couch, that none might see how I bore the news of my sister's death. He took my hand and stroked it softly. ' Poor child ! Heaven knows I wish I could bear this trouble for you !' I lifted my face for a moment to say, brokenly — ' Please tell me at once.' His own voice was very low aud faltering as he began, and I knew there were tears in his (.yes. 'Jack was in the village.' he said, ' and a boy told him he had seen your poor sister out rowing by herself in tho punt.' ' Lily— Lily !' The last hope was gone then ! Wildly I called herriame, utterly crushed down by the blow ; and then I begged to he left alone in that first hour of my sorrow, and, whispering a word of comfort, the Major left the room. Chapteii VI. I do not know how long I had been lying on the couch in aunt Mildred's drawing- room, not crying not thinking even — just lying there, with Lily's face before me, drowned, cold, and still beneath tho waves. Drowned, drowned ! That ono word, nothing more, echoed and re-echoed through my brain, till I could bear it no longer, and I sprang up, cold und shivering. It was nearly dark. As I stood leaning against the window clouds were hurrying across tho sky, gray and ragged, and in the dim light between I could see the white topped waves. Oh, Lily, my bright, beauti ful sister! Why was she taken,drawn down by the cruel green waves ? Now she was far, far down in the cool, quiet depths, her golden hair waving up and down with the rise and fall of the water that had closed her dark eyes for ever. The roar of the sea was in my ears. How 1 hate the boom of the surf upon the beach ! I should never think the wash and ripple of tho waves sweet music again. And poor old uncle John, how was I to break to him chat his pet, his darling, was gone — that he was never to seo her any more — his little Lily, the pretty, wilful child he had loved so fondly ? Tears camo then thick and' fast ; I bowed my head and sobbed aloud in my misery. So young, »o beautifur, sho was cut off so suddenly ; and the last time I had seen her tho fair face had looked so bright, so gleeful, smiling up at Harry Dale in tho plum-tree What an ago it seamed siuce then, and yet six hours had hardly elapsed ! I remembered her lust words so woll|; she had called after mo gaily, 'Well, good-byo till wo meet again.' ' Till wo meet again !' How little wo guessed how final tho separation would' be ! Six hours earlier my sister wat'full of life and health — and now ? There was the sound of footsteps outside coming slowly up to the door in the dim gloom. As I strained my oyos T could see the figure of a man carrying something white in his arms. A cold chill. ran through me— for a few momouts I was unable to move. They had found her thon — 'LUie waves ha) washed her in ! ' Oh, Heaven give mo strength to bear it!' 1 prayed, as.t crossed tho room to look on my dead sistor's faco, the pain increasing at ray heart. My hand wns on the. handle of tha door— it was opened from tho outsido. Major Dering, his face very sad and pitiful, Rtood beforo mo. I know afterwards, that for two houra ho had si onrl outsido, to keep any one from intrudingon ray first hour of grief. 'They havu found her,' I said brokenly, tho words almost dying away .on my lips ; 1 a man is carrying her iii now/ . ' Don't go — for Hoavon's sake, Meta, bo calm !' Ho triod.to lead mobaok,but Ibroko away. I shall novor forgot thoSo moments— years, may pass, but novor can I forgot what I felt- when I crossed the hall, and, with hands j tightly looked togothor, norvoil mysolf to . raiso my oyes, as a man came in at tho hal! doov, dripping from head to foot. It was Garth Cliichcsti'r, with a still white figure in ' his strong powerful arms. I 1 Mako way !' ho cried, nover lifting his , oyos from tho palo face on his arm, as every ono _ crowdod round, the woraon-florvants r sobbing and crying. Major.Doring was at my ' aide interposing botwoon me and my sister's doath-liko faco. ' ' ' . 'Lily, Lily !' My own voico, hoarso and brokon in its iutonsity of agouy, rotisod Garth Obiohostor. I He lifted his bond and lookod at mo, saying only two words as he strode pant -' Sho i lives,' I ' Thank God !' It was Nigel Derin^'s yoico that said it ; and then, evon while I echoed his words, everything grow dim aud indis tinct, and I fain ed. I was thoroughly ashamed of myself after wards for being so weak and foolish. When I came to again, and oponod my eyes, I found Major Daring's face bending ovor me very anxiously. ' Lily is safe,' he said, answering ray un spoken question. ' No, No ; lie still — you mustn't stir yet. Dear old Garth saved her ; that is all I know at present.' The surf was thundering in upon the shore but there was no echo of sorrow in the waves now. In my present joy all the grief of the last few hours si'cmed as a dream. ?? ' I must go to her now. Please let me,' I. entreated, as a strong detaining hand kept me on the sofa. ' Not yet. Ton would only upset your sister. You arc as white as a ghost, Meta. What are you cryiug-for now V I suppose it was the reaction. I could not help it — .the tears would come thick and fast. Major Dering fetched me a glass of wine. ' You must take this. Drink it at once ; and when you stop crying you may go up stairs. Take it — there's a good child,' % PleaBe let me go now,' I said, when I had obeyed him. Lily had been taken to annt Mildred's room, where there was a fire. The conch was wheeled before it, and Li.y, very pale, with half-closed eyes, was lying there. I knelt down, with a breath too full for words, and pressed many kisses on her warm lips — the lips I had thought were cold in death — hold- ing her hands tightly in mine, too thankful to utter a word to my restored darling just yet. ' Meta !' It was Lily's voice ; her eyes were looking into mine. ' What, dariing ?' ' Did you all think I was gone, Meta ? How very white and frightened you look !' ' Thank Heaven for saving you, Lily,' was all I said, bending lovingly over the sister I had never expected to clasp in my embrace again. ' It was Mr. Chichostor saved me; but for him I should not be here now,' whispered Lily, shuddering at the recollection. ' Aunt Mildred, I should like to thank him to-night. May I V ' Yes, dear, if you like,' said poor annt Mildred, her hands trembling sadly still. Jack came in presently, and his \ oice was a little shaky as ho took Lily's hand. ' You deserve a good scolding, Miss Mad cap ; but we are all too glad to have you back ogaiu to say a word to you to-night.' Lily's eyes softened. Jack saw'tha tears coming, and beat a hasty retreat, saying — 'There, there, mother — we will forgive her this time.' To us all it was a mystery as yet how Lily had been saved, or where Mr. Chichcster had found her. But by-and-by aunt Mildred brought him in for a few moments, that my sister might thank him with her own lips for saving her life, In silence he sat down beside the couch whero sho lay. her face very palo and serious with the firelight upon it, and all her bright hair streaming out uponjthe pillow. I had been combing and brushing its silky masses ; and it was quite dry now, waving back from her white forehead, and shining like gold in the firelight. She lifted her soft eyes to Mr. Chichestcr's face, and tried to speak, but only tears came. ' Hush !' he said, softly, taking her band. ' You mustn't talk much to-night.' ' I want to thank you,' she faltered, ' for saving my iife.' lie did not answer ; .he was stroking the little hand that lay in his, his face turned away from th« light. ' Poor litile hand !' he said at last, looking at the marks of tho oars on Lily's palm. ' You had a hard pull of it, my child, before you gave in.' Lily smiled through her tears. ' I will never be so foolish as to go out in a boat alone again.' ' Promise !' he said, looking at her, his face gentle and tender. ' I promise,' she returned, simply. Surely any one must have seen the love in Garth Chichesler's face at that moment as he bent over hor, whispering — ' Heaven bless you, child ! Good night.' 'Tell me how if happened, Mr. Chichester,' I requested. I hsd followed Ir'm down-stairu into the drawing-room. Ha.. -y Dale was there too, having just returned from summoning the doctor. ' He came hurrying up to me. ' How is she ?' ' Getting on very weli— only a little tired. You shall see her to-morrow. And now Mr. Chichester is going to tell us how it happened.' It was indeed a narrow ecape that Lily had had. After leaving Harry Dale, she had wandered down to the shoro, and, launching the punt herself, had started with the in tention of going out to the yacht ; but the tide, running very strong, carried: her little craft rapidy out to sea, and then the storm came on, and one wayo larger than the rest swept one ' of the sculls away. Mr. Citiuhester, making for home in his little sailing-boat, saw a small object. tossing up and down/and, running down' to it, dis covered the. punt and,. Lily, speechless with terror and drenched through with rain and spray, in it, having givon herself up for lost. With some difficulty he got her on board, where she fainted; and, tho wind and sea rising, it was a, more chancothoy made land at all. J ?' I thought we should have gono down to- I gether,' ho said ; ' but Miss Lily behaved with great courage. I had a little brandv on board, and that brought bor round ; and, hut that tho niud fell, we should have got in comparatively dry and comfortable a couplo of miles bolow East Cliff. As it was, I made for tho shore at tho usual place, and we were very noaily drowned landing, for the little boat wont broadside on, and we had to swim for it through tho surf. But thank Hoavon I was out sailipg to-day !' ho concluded, revorontly bowing his head, When ho was going away, I wont with him to tbe door. I hncl not yet tbankod him for giving me back my sister, In silenee J stood for. a few moments by his side, looking out into tho dnrkncBs of the night, and listening. to tho roar and wash of the waves ; and thon I put my bund in his to say good night. ' Mr. Ohichcstor, I can never thank you for Buying Lily.1 TO UK CONTINUBD.l 