SPORTING NOTES. The heavy rain wbioh fell on Wednesday morning, had itn e float on the Hamilton Raoing Club's Bummer meeting, for the attendance was very meagre, The fields, too, were small, and the sport altogether uninteresting. Six started for the Trial Stakes, which fell to .Starlight, The Hurdle race was a funny affair, Three started, viz., Vanderbilt, My Lord, and Queen of Dia monds, The latter oould'nt raise a gallop, and lay a long way behind. Meanwhile Vanderbilt and My Lord aame to the last hurdle together, but both ran off, and My Lord being got round first led home an easy winner, Three was again the main in the Hotelkeepers' Haodicap, wbioh fell an easy prey to the New Zealand mare Vinagrette, by Aprtmont from Beoky Sharp, Gold* smith was seoond, but had not the ghost of a ohanoe with the mare at a difference of a stone and a half in the weights. Quilt enjoyed a walkover for the Bracelet Stakes, and Poor Hawk, by Goshawk from Poor Me, put down Vinagrette in the Flying Stakes at a difference of 141bs. Goldsmith was a fair third. The raoehorse Britisher has been sold to a New South Wales sportsman, Last mouth Mr, Baldook left for Calcutta in the steamship Nowshera, with no less than 405 horses, Ho arrived at his destina* tion with a loss of 15 horses, not a high per* oentage considering the large number that he shipped, Mr, H. Manly's Goldsmith was awarded post of honor (Oat.) in the Hamilton Han« dicap, He has also been paid a similar com* pliment (?) at Warnambool, The handicap ped appear to have formed an exalted opinion of this horse's capabilities. Why, it is difficult to say. Can it be his perform* anoe in the Mount Gambier Handicap, wherein he ran an indifferent seoond to Stanley when in reoeipt of over Sat, from Mr, Johnson'B oheanut, And why should he have to give a BtoDe and a-half to a mare like Vinagrette, whose breeding alone-to say nothing of fair performances-entitled her to a muoh heavier impost than 7st, 71bs. in the handioap at Hamilton ? Bv a somewhat strange coincidence three of Mr, S. Martin's casts-off have eaoh won a race at the first time of asking since they changed hands, New Fashion at Murrum« bidgee, Glenduart at Sandhurst, and Hog* manay at Ballarat, being the luoky animals for their new owners. 1 The 120 yards championship matoh for 200 sova., between Gent and Hutchens, wbioh should have come off at the Lillie bridge grounds, London, in September, but whioh ended in a riot, took place at Now oastle-on-Tyne In the first week of Nov* ember, To all appearances it was a genuine affair. Gent won by three-quarters of a yard in llfseo,, or a quarter of a seoond more than Seward'# reoord at Newhaven, Amerioa, The Dutchess of Montrose is in great form with her horses juBt now, She ' - winning nearly everything ' . *"*8 bTe.an trainer, Alex, Taylor «, Her oltawtopl.', »T Judge k>. Shirley, an English jockey, arrived from England during the week, He is on a visit to Australia for health's Bake, but would be glad to have a mount or two just to keep ua hand in. Shirley has ridden for tw Puke of Hamilton and other BritisU sportsmen, and he bears the reputation of being a good man across country, Mr. H. Oxenham has sold Teddy Yuille to Mr. 8, R Kennedy for 100 guineas. Tom Bales and W. Veomans, the well known jookeys, have dissolved partnership as fltation-holdera. Some years ftgo they bought a sheep-station between them, but the seasons were not favourable until lately, and Hales suggesting that he would give or take £10,000 for his share, Yeomans eleoted to give that sum and become the sole prop rietor. The day after the sale therq was a j disastrous fire on the run, Lord Ailesbury was present at the sale of his horses, and with oharaoteriatio effrontery banged his hat down on Mr. Tattersall's desk when Gallinulewas sold, shouting, " There's a oool five thousand for hazard to-night, any* way J" Rumours are abroad that he will at tempt to try the law upon the Jockey Qlub, but ne will probably be better advised* He witnessed the Gesara witch from the Cam bridge road, and swore freely at a cabman who wanted to drive him on to the oourse. The case against Mr. Garrett Moore and two of his employes for assaulting the tout who was deteoted watching Mr. Moore'a^ horses, was heard at the Hants Quarter Sea#* sions on the 19th of Ootober, The jury found all the defendants guilty of a common assault, and Mr. Moore was fined £60 and all the costs, or four mouths' imprisonment. The other defendants were fined £25 eaoh, or two months' imprisonment. Mr. Moore paid all the tines, Captain Maohell and Lord ftodney are said to have netted £50,000 over the Geeare witoh. Friar's Balsam won the Middle-park Hate in its fastest recorded time, via.( lm. 15fseo. The value of the race was the lowest re corded since its establishment, being worth unlv £2.2Sfi RUSTIOUS, THK atook on the Barnoolut estate were sub< mitted to auction yesterday, and realised good prices, About 5,000 sheep were sold. ASTT your xnedioal attendant what he thinks of WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS aa a tonic and stimulant. The ourea consummated by Wo&FK;'a SCHNAPPS tell their own story and plead their own cause, Sustain the vigour and elaatioiby of the system with the inestimable tonic, WOMB'S SCHNAPPS, 