MARK TWAIN'S VERSION - OF 'AHAlET/'p. n above talented.' author has put forth a revisecl editioil of .the tragedy of -V Hamlet." A ccorainto-wain's idea," Haii4ejVine|fpm the pen of 'SHiakespeareAvmplete. Twain assuines tliat a inaii of Hamlet's melancholy andv.ecoehtHcf'tempei,a- 'ment, must, of necessity, bave had a younger, brother in the family of- a more, sprightly and sunny disposition'. Twain sustains his theory in the" following ingenious-arguments '44 4 " We'findin the' JJistory of England and. Paris adjacent' pages, 4, 11, 44, Vol. II, the following letter from the . King of : Heninark to Tom Sayers, 'an a. old friend of his : — . Dear Tom — Those hair-stuffed box- ing gloves and- foils , came by the. Mark Lane Express (Mark Lane who ; .ran the Express .Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) in good order — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a: taciturn and ' melancholy disposition, takes very little stock in the gloves, as a blow on the nose only serves to increase his melancholy. ' Thus I have given ye gloves: to 'Billy my second born who ; is as lively as a cricket on his pins, s- and a - jovial lad withal, who takes kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday lie thumped his .teacher : most soundly on ye bugle, for which I rewarded'him by gi.ving him. a silver- . mounted wassail howl filled to the uppermost brim with good brown ale. . ' ... If you make your match with Crabble. let 'me know, and send a . . couple of .tickets for seats pretty close to the ropes. If yoii want backing, the whole Exchequer of Denmark and the Sub- treasury thrown in is Yours truly, Claudius, ' King of Denmark." From this historical sci-ap Mr. Clemens. (Mark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, with no little show of reason, that Shake speare- had no license — poetical or : otherwise— -to give Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. # . » Twain Continues: — ' ' Other letters from the King to Sayers, now in my p issession,' being kindly loaned . me by : the JBritish Museum, go to show that Shake speare had a grudge against Billy; the younger brother, because, . when Shakespeare visited the palace of . Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the hard that he never forgave the young rascal. People who have had candle- snuffers placed in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives' which governed the poet in making no reference to Billy in tlie play except where lie appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his- wholesome brother, : . The events at Elsinore happened as I have written them. Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, and. I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pass uncorrected." 4 4 4 THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with the original text, which strongly reminds one of Boucicault adapting a French drama for the American stage. In the first act where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with. MaroeUm and Horatio, William comes in aiid sets up refreshments; for the guards out of a little bla'ck bottle j -but refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after,, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. : - The guards then, leave William to himself, and after they had disappear ed he: bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He then slips away, and in a side scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour and Covering himself with: mosquito netting, making up as a ; ghost. As soon as his arrangements , \- are complete he stalks in and frightens , ; the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio \- making several turns out in the side scenes, where he goes to hide. his . merriment at the success of his trick. ' " ' ' When Horatio is telling Hamlet o f ' the . apparition William listen's with - '.his moutli wide open, ' apparently ' ransfixed with fear ; but after tliey ' are gone he turns to Ilamlet-vribh -> " Hamlet, do, you swallow all this ?" : Don't you know all these fellows are as crazy as bed-bugs ? Do you sup pose the old man would walk around - this castle with his armour on? What ! in ;the deuce does a ghost want of armour ? Besides, a ghost ain't cap ablcy,.o£--. jiagking'- .armour around. , Whyy- the lastfew yearst..he wasn't ...hardly'a,l51e.!tb.-waddloabout in that one-hutidred-and-teff""''pou salt. Don't ''youvknbw'-Mhenv.lfeYcame'Mn from that last dress parade, he said., he'd be switched if he'd. ever'pfit --the - old brass togs on again. r.- -:PshaWi:lold:> boy have some sense." - # 4 THE GHOST- WALKING SCENE. In the fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape and.rehearses the ghost- walking scene; until- he is ,-. entirely satisfied with himself ; while ' he indiilges in the following soliloquy : "Perhaps this won't'catcli hinv,' oh, no! He'll think it the true business, and no Mistake. If I can get him about Half crazy I can collar the girl. Blamed if I'd have far to' go." .# :.' . a - In this scene Twaiii has - followed the original text pretty closely. \ The following extract will give a general idea of his treatment of it : — Hamlet. My fate cries out, And makes each petty artery on this body As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve, (Ghost beckons.) Still I am called. Unhand me gentle men i (Breaking from them). By heaven, I'll make a. ghost of him that lets me. I sayi away ! Go on!... I'll follow thee." William. Oh, he s coming, I've got him cranked already. \- - - 4 4 .. 4 4 4 4 The harrowing tale which William, as the ghost, unfolds, runB in this practical fashion I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an everlasting swing around the circle. I -could a tale unfold that would lift your hat to the ceiling. : If ever there was a slick old fraud your uncle is that.- man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports; Mountain fever never got away with . me. The man who is now in my political shoes dumped the ounce of prussic acid in my ear and that did the business: I can tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison I consider prussic acid as unequalled. I am willing to furnish testimonials ' for the trade. ' 4 4 4 y t t-4 The Ghost , then- proceeds at con siderable length to tell Hamlet what to do and how to get even1 with his Uncle, interspersing his ; story with some side-splitting " Asides," which are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire play the pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous as lie appears in the double role of Ghost and adviser to Hamlet in. the flesh.- When not masquerading with his material seances he is going about - with, his brother trying to dissuade him from doing anything rash, aiid telling him what an infernal fool he is for. taking any stock in the supernatural, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh when . his hilarity threatens to escape from his control. 4 . 4 4 His prime idea is to get even on his Uncle aiid step-father, for; whom lie has the most profound contempt ; but when events - thicken as the direct result of his pranks lie studies to undo his iwork. and ; on one occasion con fesses the fraud and' ; tries to get Hamlet to look at the armor and mosquito netting ; but Hamlet only looks upon it as a, dodge: to .dissuade him from his purpose, and will listen to nothing. ' » ! ! In the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events to take their course. In the closing scene : he" gazes upon the work- - of ; death, and coolly orders "a bolt of black crape" while he announces that his morning will be 'wholesale'. . if - #' . '.-a . 1 .-. Some of the passages'" arei.-ihtehseiy funny, and in' others the huriior is' forced, with a tendency to slang j but as a whole the 'innovation is yery laughable, and the Version will no doubt attract considerable -'curiosity amongst play-goers, and draw crowd ed audiences should it ever be played. ' So writes pair ' American critic. -WvIT-W.' g 