A TRIP TO MOUNT KOSCIUSKO. By Charles Ager Atkin, North Melbourne After a good lunch and a smoke we make another start, hoping to reach the Bogong Mount before night, but unfortunately a drizzling rain comes on which increases towards evening, and we are compelled to look out for a good feeding place for our horses and at the same time a good camping ground for ourselves. After hobbling the horses and putting the bullock bell on the pack horse,. Charley soon had a roaring fire, as we are now in the midst of any amount of dead timber. The next thing was to pitch the tent for tlie first time since we had been out and we soon had quite a spread consisting of roast beef, sardines, marmalade (real Scotch), delicious butter, and last, but not least, three pannikins each of bush tea. I wonder how it is they cannot make bush tea in Melbourne. At last we turned in, and the blaze of the fire shone through the tent, which made it look quite cosy and after a few songs and yarns, we went off to sleep. Thus I spent my first night under canvas in Australia. As soon as it was daylight Mr. Findlay looked out at the opening of the tent, and pronounced it a bad morning, and no chance of seeing Mount Bogong for some time. So after a good sleep again we get up at six. There is still a heavy mist, and as we cannot see more than fifty yards away from the tent, we may possibly have to camp here for a day or two. However, Mr, Findlay, and Charley go out prospecting, and in about two hours return with the welcome news that they had sighted Mount Bognong, but we had overrun the track about a mile, which we should have to pick up again. The sun had now shone out and lifted the fog, so the order was to strike tent and off. Thursday.—Before pulling down the tent I wished to take a photo of it, and having prepared everything while they were away, it did not take many minutes to accomplish. After going some miles it came on heavy fog again. Mr. Findlay shook his head, and said we were going to have a repetition of yesterday. Happily he was mistaken, and after passing through about a mile of very rough country, we come to the foot of Mount Bogong. The horses have to go up zig- zag, as it is so steep. As Mr. Findlay is anxious I should see the view from the highest point, we leave our horses at the base and climb up. On the summit is erected a cairn, with the surveyor's marks on a post. My attention is directed to the magnificent view on all sides. On one side are the immense Monaco plains, bounded by a long stretch of coast range on the other side, and range after range is seen in the distance. On looking down to see if our horses are all right, we notice several wild horses coming up to ours, and as ours were not fastened in any way, there was a chance of them galloping away with them. How ever, a few good shout sent the wild ones scampering off. As we descend the Mount, we notice one the heads of the Tumut River. We are now in a fairly good track, and getting on our return journey well, with every prospect of a splendid day. I may be pardoned here for quoting at some length from ' The Picturesque Atlas of Australasia', edited by Androw Ciarran, M.A., LL.D., a most graphic and faithful description of the Bogong Range. At page 189 is an engraving of a part of it, then follows the description:-'For picturesque variety, the Bogong Range can scarcely be surpassed, even in the Alpine region to which it belongs, teeming as it does with lofty peaks and softly rounded domes, solitary heights which no human foot has trodden from the foundation of the world, and deep ravines and moist valleys, with springs and streams, which maintain a perpetual verdure by their never-failing water. During the winter months, the summits of the higher mountains are clothed in robes of dazzling snow, stainless as an infant's soul, which glitter like helmets and cuirasses of plated silver in the sunlight, and have a weird wan beauty that, has something spectral and eerie in it when the moon touches them with a pallid lustre. They impress the mind less perhaps by majesty of form than by magnitude of substance. A chain, seventy miles in length, and culminating in a peak attaining the elevation of six thousand five hundred and eight feet, sends out lateral ranges to the eastward from fifteen to twenty miles in extension, numbering its spurs by hundreds, and giving birth to innumerable water sources, swollen to the dimensions of rivers directly the snow begins to melt, at the beginning of the summer. And it has been said, 'a loveliness of colour, perfection of form, endlessness of change, and wonderfulness of structure are precious to all undiseased human minds. We may find them all combined in this lonely and lovely district. Under all the vicissitudes of the season, and in all hours of the day, the colour of the mountains presents an indisputable claim upon the admiration. ' " Under some aspects it is an intense purple, and there is a suggestion in it of softness and smoothness of texture as if the hills were apparelled in sumptuous velvet or shiney plush, at other times the hue is a turquois blue, variegated in the shadowy recesses by a deep emerald green. Again the lofty landscape is a filmy veil of vapour, very tender in tone, and analagous in tint to the first reek of a peat fire as it issues in spiral wreaths from the chimney of a Highland shielding, when the braes are purple with the changing heather. As to form, the variety is endless, and the beautiful curves of the flowing lines are charmingly broken in upon and diversified by sharp peaks ol granite pinnacles and by the acute points of broad based pyramids. Not only so, but at the very summit of the Bogong Ranges, as is the case in the Dargo Ranges, which run parallel to them, there are grassy plains of considerable extent from four to six thousand feet above the level of the sea, and not altogether bare of timber. From these lofty plateaus the descent into the valley beneath is precipitous, heavily timbered in some places, and clothed with a thick scrub in others. The structure of these mountains is full of interest to the geologist. As the tourist toils laboriously to the summit of one of the more accessible of these mountains in a secluded portion of the range, admist the awful silence of a forest peopled with partriarchal trees, he is oppressed by a feeling of solitude which has in it something of solemnity. He stands face to face, more over, with antiquity which is incalculable. Each of the sylvan giants, which dwarf his own stature to that of a pigmy, belong to an epoch so remote, that all dynasties, all political institutions, all living literature, and all social organisations, seem to be things of yesterday in comparison. When these trees were self-sown our savage ancestors were olothed in skins and feeding on roots; were huddling in caves. For tens of thousands of times did the sun rise and set, the moon wax and wane, the stars come forth in glittering myriads after nighfall, and all the beautiful processes of nature went on in their majestic order and regularity, unhelped and unhindered by man. Silently the young tree put forth its tender gum, silently the young sapling lifted itself upward to the light; and silently, century after century, the aspiring column rose among its fellows until attaining an altitude of three hundred feet or more, it spreads its crown of foliage to the sun, and received through all the changing seasons, the messages uttered now in soft murmuring whispers, and now in accents of passionate fury by the winds." We ford several creeks, also the head of the Khancoban River, which is very narrow here, so much so that our horses jump over it. We now come into a park- like country, lightly timbered, very much like Studley Park; then along splendid flats, some parts of which are very boggy. One place we had to cross, Mr. Findlay being first, his horse sank in up to the knees, and the pack horse had great difficulty in floundering out of it. I took Henderson a little higher up the creek and gave him his head, and we got through pretty well. Mr. Findlay kindly informed me when we had all landed safe on the other side, that about half a mile farther on we had a much worse place to cross. The first and only time be had crossed that way the pack horse got bogged, and in trying to get out, broke his leg, and they had to kill the horse, leaving half the provisions, and pack the remainder on the horses they were riding. However, by carefully selecting the best places to cross, we got over the next difficult place fairly well. We now have to pass along a very narrow strip at the base of a high range; we have to lead our horses, for if one false step is made, the horse and rider roll down into the Greg-Greg River below. We pass along slowly and carefully, single file—Charley first, pack horse next, Mr. Findlay third, and myself last. About the middle of the ledge, Charley sings out, " Look out snake!" It was coiled up, but being disturbed, reared up his head, and showed fight. However, by standing still, as there was no other chance of getting out of his way, he cleared out, and I am happy to say we saw no more of him. It turned out a lovely evening, and after passing through some splendid undulating country, and fording the Upper Greg-Greg River twice, at six we come to a pretty spot where we camp for the night. We spread our rugs on the grass, and intend sleeping without the tent, as the night is so beautiful. After making a good fire, we enjoy our bush tea by the side of the river. It is a most romantic spot; there are two small waterfalls within a short distance of us. Twice I woke up in the night and thought I heard voices talking on the other side of the river ; but it proved to be only the rippling waters over tbe boulders. But perhaps what made me a little nervous was, that while sitting over the log fire, and enjoying our smoke, a true ghost story was told by one of the party, and after this we turned in. Friday morning.--I had hoped to take a photo of this charming spot before leaving but soon after breakfast a steady rain set in and lasted two or three hours so I was dis appointed. Mr. Findlay went up the river side and collected some specimens of indigenous shrubs and flowers. He has already a good collection in his garden, some of which are very rare specimens. We now pack up for home, and after pass ing through more black bogs and a very long steep range, we come into fairly level country, and at last get a glimpse through the trees of our home,' Towong.' After fording the Murray, we come into one of Mr. Findlay's paddocks, where there are over 100 brood mares and his celebrated horse Buzz, and a high-caste Arab. After crossing some dis tance in the paddock, a tiger snake, over five feet long, was in the grass just near Hender son's feet; he gave a jump and I sang out to Mr. Findlay, who was just behind me, to look out for the snake! After three or four good cuts with his whip, which partially disabled him, Mr. Findlay got off his horse, and watching his opportunity, put tbe heel of his boot upon his head and settled him. We arrive at home safe and sound, just in time for two o'clock dinner. Thus ended a really pleasant and enjoyable trip, one I shall never forget. It was not a feather-bed one, but one that will be remembered with plea sure, and will be food for conversation and pleasant thoughts for years to come. If my readers are not tired now tbat I have come to the end of my Alpine trip, I will still give another page or two of my diary, giving an account of my movements till I returned to Melbourne. Saturday.—This afternoon I had a de lightful ride on horseback aoross the Murray flats with Miss Pinlay and Mr. and Mrs. j Johnson. We were out about hours, and' met Mr. P., jun., with two young cranes he j had caught. As Mr. James P., jun., was re-1 turning across the fiat from the Murray, he killed a black snake, six feot long; and a small one was also saught in the stable tbe same evening. About nine o'clock we had an excellent view of the comet. The even ing was spent very pleasantly, music, sing ing, &c;, Sunday.—Ab my friend, Dr. Gillespie, is obliged to go to Melbourne, he has a-ked me to accompany him, and as he intends driving by easy stages from Towong to Albury, a distance of 120 miles, he says it will give mo an opportunity of seeing new country and be a pleasant change from returning by coach. I therefore avail myself of this kind offer. After what my kind Jand hospitable friends said tbey hoped would bo a short farewell, as I bad a pressing invitation to pay another visit to go and see tbe celebrated newly diBC'iverered fish caves with Mr. Pindlay, we said farewell to Towong. About 12 a.m. we pass through what is to be the future town ship of Towong. It is prettily situated on the bank of tbe Murray, and seems to be a central position for the district. We cross the Jeremelcroek; about five miles farther on we come to Tintaldra. The doctor calls here to see a patient, and while waiting for him I recognise some photos hanging up of some old friends of mine. I make enquiries, and find the lady patient is a daughter of my Melbourne friends. On making myself known, they were delighted, and by tbe Doctor'sperm«si»n, I wos allowed to see the patient for u it-., minutes. Abgus, two days after—' Mrs. twins, all djing well,' Tintaldra is a private township belonging to Mr. Watson, and in consequtnee of gold mining in one of its tributaries to the Murray, the water from this point becomes very muddy. We cross the Ma ray by the punt into New South Wales, passing through Mr. l'aton's run, Wrlarvpgang. After a delightful drive along tbe banks of the Murray, which wo have always in view, we arrived at Mr. Lloyd's, at Our.iie station. In course of eonveration, I find that Mr. Lloyd was one of the judges at the Mel Xational Agricultural Show, and he made special enquiries about my old pony,' Prolic' (age 35), as he was one of the judges in the class he was in. Mr. Lloyd is an enthusiast as to dogs and horseB, He paid a visit to Mr. Findlay while I wbb thero, I think with a view of selecting somo horses. I may here mention that Hagmanay was one of his former selcotions from the stud. We now pasa on to Jenjillic, passing the police camp. At presont there is no bridge between Albany and the bead of tbe Murray; It ia here at Jenjillic tbe Government proprosed to erect a bridge, as up to the present time there is only a small punt for all tbe traffic. We I driYQ oq Bis miles further to Maracket, still keeping tho Murray in view, but have diffi culty in firing the track, aa it becomes auddehly vu°y dark, the immense trees on either side adding to tbe darkness. The last mile I bad to walk ahead with one of the buggy lamps, whioh the Doctor says 18 like the last Salvntion Army procession be saw. However, there is little doubt but that the lamp was the salvation of us that night ? We stayed that night at Staohau's Hotel, then pushed on next day 30 miles to Wagra nothing of interest except the beauty of the winding road, with the Murray always in eight. A large iguana, about four or fire feet long, s'.owly crossed the road. At Wagra is another punt, and the Customs Houie, with Mr. Hanson as officer in charge. Stay at Vincent's Hotol, one of tbe most comfortable in the Upper Murray. Tbe hotels on the New South Wales side are much more comfortable than tbe Victorian ones; the roads also are much better kept, being under the charge of the Government, whereas the Victorian roads are vested in the different shire councils. Resuming our journey, we pushed on for Albury. We reach Bowna, about 12 milos from Albury. From here' he road is excellent, being tho main coach road between Mel bourne and Sydney. A coach leaves Albury twice a we»k for Upper Muriay, returning the same. We stay at tbe Globe Hotel, which is centrally situated in the thriving town of Albury. Mr. Con. Ten Brink is^the proprietor. As I am always on the look out for curios, I noticed four remarkable looking pictures in one of the rooms here: they are Kueaian sporting scenes in raised leather work, truthfully coloured, and well worthy of minute inspection. Mr. C. imforms me that .£200 has been refused for them, Wednesday.—Intensely hot. Strolled round the township ; Br. G. suffering from blight, so much so that it will be impossible to travel for another day. In tbe eveneng went to the Albury Gardens; heard a very good brass band, This seems to be a very popular resort, as a greater portion of the population here are German. Had again a very good sight of the comet. Went late in the evening to meet the express from Mel bourne, thinking I might see some one I knew. Was not disappointed. Saw my friends. Mosquitoes very troublesome, cur round the bed for the Dight, TjiUbsday.—Start for Melbourno from Albury by the 5.50 train, arrived at Wodonga, then on to Melbourne, where we arrived safely. Thus ended, long to be remembered with pleasure, my Alpine trip to Mount Kosciusko. Thb End. 