FOOTBALL KOTE3. |Br fcOAi.rosT.l The match plajed at Albcrton 03 Siturdav lieinnjin ilie Po'tv and b'outh Auelaides w&sagru.; t bnil over. Af;er defeating tba Norwoods and Add- IMII. Kllie fioutliM anticipated that they would !><) aiiV to tie up he I'oru-*. hut the calculations of the nr j uity weieupi-et by tbe defection of the minority; A moit team !nd been chosen, and all tuined up with the exception of Wat-ling, Miadleton, anil Grngai>, wto quite unexpected!}- fitted to put in aa sprtarBme. AH toon as it was known ttlat thuy were away edds were laid on the Ports, who juttiCiu the coiifi'lence repriced in them by fiint.irg with 1] coals 11 behind* against 4 goaU ft bthinils. The* baii the eame in tbfcir grasp from the ttai t 1 te r-"outh« opened w itli tbe wind, which was njc.np, but even thtn they only had a little the hi st of matters 'ibu Ports, on the other hs.''4, when Ibty hnri tbe wind behind thcca, had the .SciitLs in a ccmtr. The winreis finisliwl up wilb trmt <la;-b, putting on 4 gf als in about twice as u.ary minims. Their kicking was wonderfully fiord, very few easy charces being missed, while most of the betinds <ame from McKetme's 03 or Iu yards shots A prominent feature of the Ports' play was their litt-e mtikinp, which they adopted with success,tspecially when opposed to the wind. C< ffte excellt <1 iu this branch of the game A. Bushhy tor the Ports notched 4 goai-i out of 0 chance.". Ths ;'ouths, as was only to bh expected, with Ilieir cantain absent, lacked unity. Individually [ome of them played spteiididiy. Monofe. in the centre, doing perhaps more work than any < ce e:se on tbe ground. Iney Mehitens was aUo tsgi-od as ever~ hut his brother's biiiliant disheswtre too often thwarted. At Eeusington tlw Norwoods defeated the Wett- Adelaides for the fourth time this season, tbe final sco;es bting— Norwood 14 goals 20 beliinds; West t fel^;«« e the Wests, wi r i ed ^tVtla JIILll 1 ere t mve in :he hunt. Kor the orvicoos O. Woods, from tlw Cresmcks, ticked three vtiy tno ^oals Ancttitr st f 1 thing was the contest on the Adelaide cval betweei! tbe Adelaides and U.iwl^r AlLions. *Jbe iiawlers did rot have all their bes*. n.'fcB prtsent. so th it it wae no wonder that the /•fie)uitU$ kicktd < /?<~&ls; 20 bshir.d-, against 1 goal 4 fctliinds. 1 be Unwlers m-.de sosiie brilliant liil'Lts but wcreq'I'te unable to SUBUin an attack The Ports by lcat'i;e ths South Adelaides hive n ceuiore drawn tip level with the Norwoods for t- p i.dace ou the scoring l^st lluc the Norwoods ]> ay another matih to--, ay, - wheteas tbe Ports hive tu,it,VeH their programme. If the Norwoods win, v) icii is pri biihle. they will technioiry be -0!3.(if a } oiist „ in fscnt of the Ports, 'this " advantage " iv "' f,< "" wi'I ba t be result of t he V'StTa- iLa'tfh the Smrwonda pUyed viih tho West ^deUules, who had not th« ghost of a chow to ran any of the games. If they preujieisbip honf.urs, under the--e circumstances an unu.-ually scrcetsiul sca:-on will terminate rather unsatisfactory. -j be test has really been between the four old c!nb-, and the resale < f the. matches between them leave the Norwoods mid >-oits level. L-.oked ai iu almost any way, the Norwoods have the best recent, bu, the fact regains that ptaciicJiy they are 1-vtl with tbe Ports. m:d a plav'ifT would he the only tqutttble way of setthrg the. point. Itis under.stu d tint there is a (ietire on the p!. rr of bcth teams to play off, and it M to be hoped ibat some satisfactory arrangement inhy be trade. J he Ports are especially auxi JUS t<i plav and Irnve cbaliengtd tho Norwoods, wno will not decide until after to-day's match. The following: tab'e gives the results of ihe matches between the — — j Adelaides, and Souths: — Club. OS T. ••O . •s % c JZ it c ce "3 JC i s 2 o 5\. £ 55 S3K h Nojwcod .. 10 4 2 4 16 99 37 56 12 Fort .. .. 10 6 b 2 51 c'4 40 66- 12 S. Adelaide 9 2 4 3 4i 5S SO 67 7 Adelaide .. 9 2 4 3 23 66 35 21 7 Tte Bothains returned from their trip in the S<.u!b-Ea>t on Monday night. They only took icu:tt en of their usual team and ninJ supporter?, but they were a match for the countryman. Ou Wtdnesdsv, August 31, thev met twenty-three from Mount Gambier. The paine -was very evenly conte-'ttd, and tbe city team only won at the last moment, ihe tinal scores beirg—Hotbatn, 4 goals i bthinds; Mount CJambier, 3 goals 3 behinds. Thtie was another tcuj.li ftrupgle on the following t-atuuUy, when the Combined Scuth-finstein 'jw.iiiy tried conclusions with ihe visitors. The gaii e was even aud somewhat rough, the Hothams eventually winning with 1 goal 10 bebinds against 34 bthinds. The tiip was a most enjoyable one, the visitors beitg treated splendidly- Several euter- Isir.mems were arranged for their delectation, and 1 hey were publicly received by tbe Mayor. The only unsatisfactory element in the trip waa th* scant patTCEMse accorded to them. They were, nowtver, cbe victims of m:sfortune, as rain kept the pejjjlu away. The Uothams -went down expecting to inabis money, but they have lost conaideiably. The runiiirg tor the honour of beinj premier go.vlticker for the season is veiy dose. A. Busfcb/ atid Stephens have had a Deck-and-ncck race, the forruir having a slight lead now. Bis rival has. howeveanother opportunity . . . to . score to day. At present Bushby has 25 against the 23 goats notched by Stephens. , Inless the unexpected < cc-rs Carbon .ve sure of lop position in Victoria. They d-feat.d .Me'bourne sfter a good struggle last fcatutday. Tbe scores were respectively 5 goals 8 belli'»1s and 1 goal 8 K-hint's. Gtehng def.tttd ii u >!eiisou;n* far the stcond tuie this sessoi, the scores beitif, Ueelon?. 7 coals 7 Ubirds; sont": Mrlhou r.e, 0 toils 15 telrinds. With the w'nd ti help -hem in ilie last quarter. t-~outh Melbourne :.t one peri;,I kicked 3 goals ; n 5 minute", ihe game was spl-n- < icily contested, ibis win puts J-oeloog seciini aud f-: u- h Meltonrse th.id. Fi z.-oyran up 7 goals IS beLiffs «gai st it:sendon'a '2 goals 0 bclrnd\ ft Hilda spruug a surprise l.y deieiu-g Hothim with coils 4 Oehind» again t. 2 g.ialse b?lun<ii>; iiil Poit Melbourne notched 10 eoals 14 behinds &j;:ai st Hicbmi nu's 1 goal (j lu-hiucs. 'Ibe Morwoods rotet the ti"ths«iis on the Adelaide Orel this aftenoon. Tfce old club will doubtless win, but if the Hothams play as well as they did i>uair.st tbe fcoeth Adelaides U;ey should have a slusfactory record at the close of the game. They Lave stuck to th- ir work spl-ndidly hitherto, bat li-.ive had iew opportunities to make money, and it i» therefore to be hoped that tctre will be a good trowd on Use metiopolitan Oval to-day. The Wxjsts will probably meet with another defeat at the hand* of the Adelaides on the Kentir.gton 'Jval. These matches will conclude the programme arranged by the Association. 