the flfcbt meeting of the r. jbeasbn - GEELOKG. Rakely have hackers experienced a more disastrous day's racing than that which signalised tho opening of. tile cur rent season at Geelong last Saturday. Of seven races only two were won by the favorites, while, although Yanaman, Lesbia and Guildford were each - well backed, tlic great majority of punters were off them, and there was so little to choose for favoritism between Am bassadress aud Tho Chanter in the Selling Race, ftnd RoBalic and Leithamstead in the Trot, that many followers of- the favorites backed the wrong 'ana in each of these events, and at . least half the backers who journeyed to Geolongjtudbet on each of the seven races returned with out having backed a solitary winner— sadder, but i- fear not wiser,vmen. the great - boil over of the day- . was cer tainly tho downfall of Kangarod. wiio left. the paddock a lerol money favorite for the Steeplechase. ti e h uso jumped splendidly, and although u'1 was certainly kept a long way out of t;,- race he made up his ground .» rar.j-ry over the last five furlongs that olfl.ougu Argu, Giri was sometliing lit? a hundred yanli in front, offers to lay ,.ivt to. one on Kangaroo were mrt accepted m!hen well in the v.r.ight the black Tasmanian got wi'l-. i: : longtb of agus Girl, but appear : i to colir.pso like a pricked bladder; a:ul the mare hvjl away from him. and in tin, las: quarte; r>! a mile actually gained tw or three lengths. My own opinion is l-b.u although Kangaroo -was cc: lately kept too far. out- id the rs>;--. imd was altogether 'jnddeu in..u!i,- -u-.h", be chndied; it up deliber. te'v wln-u tli« fmch came, and there is, 1 ;h:uu, «- Waak spot somewhere in the rmupusitiret of this son of mq?,,it-a ; f keatiug tiail. taken hi Dtemikai the a tare r muple.of. j ( iri woum fsre been all: troad.jind the uhsi vuiiaii iioriu- would havoj indkod in. the resuit of this. race was a big wiodh.:' lorthc ririg mon.'who won lioaVify, be h siiaiglit out fuijd in doiibles, tiionglr t'w i>.-t.tijg wos, f course, bad, owirig to ti c- t..c: lhat lhu public would come for luuh.ug bin. Kangaroo. Contraiy to n .jla; on, thejuiming in the Winter u - i; . ; i jic.|. likely to throw much lig! 1 i u.. h. .- (he Caulfield or Melbourne ou,n r. : .vi.ui-:) . Letbia. is "engaged in n; j: i .->1 races, nor is - tho -eeoni : -rsc The Yeoman— entered. Ring: . ,i r. . a fair third, ja in t':' 'i. Gup, ami with' thirteen ;> id-. back may have an outsidv ii,. big-race; but after the nfii. '-'j manner in wliich Lesbia 1 m. on Saturday i cannot say thai i " c i ids Cup chance. Ben Bolt (»h- --- i- notfi Caps) looked dangerous at u.r : hut no other Cup horses, .jjcte. - lie standard of their Gcelong ji-.i-.r1-: 'u-e likely to trouble the judge, at cm,, odd or Flemington in either oi >li-. hi ri ig Handicaps. The race in which i tnoi; irrevt -s! in terest on Saturday was the Fir?' tc.o- Year-Old Stakes, won aiiei " -hr:j' dong. finish by Guildfoid. wlio in a full brother to Newatcad (fiy KecUi.r.<gat out of Ada). The best looking coi: in i he race, in my opinion, was Quam .iut iiuikI- somc chestnut son of St. Aiban. of Pilgrimage. This iBtho. yeunr u'v man who was recently purclueuO. ,v ll. Crozier's aalo by Mr. Will:: o j! .1 the big figure of five hun-i: e,i guineas, and he is-worth e. - u of the money. This colt : - ; - the Maribyrnong Plate, No Ascot Vale Stakes, Sirea' j i h , i- - and the v.r.c. Derby anc ' - , - -i ..v- aria,'s»ti'dd':ai' he "ostt- ii : served by time, Ipredict t1 ; ," i.i future beat eveiything that ,i.. »ss-. at Gcelong, and i shall ir. > ,. slightest degree surprised ir m: out to be the colt of ' : : .- , :, The favorite Skiff, who h- 1 worth out of The Rot, beais a big local reputation, sl.-fi .h: post, bo that beyond atat a il:::t - is a racuig- iiko brown fillv, : n of qualify, Xcaunot cnlight, in v i i !- : as to her prospects of annexii a th- < i-i'-. . of 1888, in whiob event ehe i> pngagcti. The Hurdle Race was woe .n't r a q.» « finish by the up-country hoi -i 1>.: iro.usn : uud Maiquc confirmed 1. -. ..,i: form by winning the Railway ham- ivan voiy comfortably from King the wc. As Stafford was third ib.'i; te.ni.'; who oiiginally Iiailed from bite Western district ran first, seeo.i.i and third. a noteworthy coin ..iencn tlii- Lara, Sydney and Lady Lot - vn-i.; (vnii heavily backed for this rac . "m: iKitiioi was placed, and hackers one- ;,iu , tell. Leithamstead made a holy -if i 1 moderate lot who started 3 r.-ic Rosalie, who was wcllbacki - - . : lu-ai best. It was pretty generally r v tin t tliorc were one or two n6n-:': ::. - in iiit- Wiuter Handicap, but the v. ; u;a oe well, and won bo easily, tliai : ! --t" , the judge's decision woul 1 live been much the same oven had al: :i r.avters heon wanted on the voyage Guildford,thc winner of i' _ lust 1 ., . Yoar-bld Stakes, is a good-looking bay. and is trained by Coffey. he is engaged in tbo Maribyrnong Plate, Nonuanby Stakos, Ascot Vale Stakes, Foal Stakes, and v.r.c. derby and.. Lego v of '83. This -colt - was bought at Sir Thojnas Elder's sale of theMorpliettvitleyearliugs for one bandied wnd-eovanty-fmineas. Guildford was originally named 3?am- cletc, a sort of comforter, or Holy Ghost. ' Hif present owner objected to tho -name, probably® the score of impiety, and al- . terod it to Guildford. Guildford is the next station -to Newstead. on the Costie- maine line, and as Guildford - follows Newstead in lineal descent, liis new name must be considered appropriate. The meeting, on tho whole, passed off very satisfactorily — especially for the fieldera ; but the club . officials mado a great mistake, in omitting from the race book' the pedigrees of the youngsters en gaged in the "First Two-Year-old 'Race." This must be seen to in future. 