LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Acdlet's Seobet," " Wyllakd's Weibd," Ac., Ac. The Right of Translation is Reserved. CHAPTER XXXIX.— Continued. I think you have done right in abandon ing your idea," ho said. " Be sure that if Mrs. Belfield is in any retreat of that kind, she will communicate with you before long, Her heart will yearn for you as the time gOCS Dy, ana one lougiug w but: yu u ur to hear from you will be too strong to be re pressed by any ascetic rule, however severe." After that conversation with his mother, Adrian had an uneasy feeling that ho had said too much, that he had gone too near the betrayal of his brother's dreadful secret. Yet to have allowed his mother to follow a phantom, to wear out her heart in falso hopes and disappointing researches, was more than his duty as a json would allow. His first thought had been of his mother ; it was for her sake that he had kept Valen tine's secret ; and it was for her sake that he had lifted a corner of the veil. It was for her sake that lie tried to seem happy and at ease when his heart was gnawed by care, and lii3 life darkened by the shadow of fear. "Let us forget," ho had said to1 her, nnd often in the long slow days he had said to himself, " Oh, God 1 if I could but forget." His daily walk was by the river. He seemed drawn thero by nn , irresistible at traction. Scarcely a day passed on which ho did not stand .beside that silent pool, beneath whose dark water lay the murdered wife. He went there oftenest in the twilight, when all things had a vague aud ghostly aspect or when the eye created its own spectres out of the commonest forms. He wondered sometimes that her spirit had never appeared to him, when his thoughts wcro so full of her. He gazed with melancholy eyes among tho shadows of the willow trunks, half expect ing to see a spectral form waving tremul ously above the bank, like a ghostly Updine. But there was nothing. The dead made no sign. One evening he saw a red spark shining brightly amidst the gray. It came nearer as he advanced along the path, and pre sently he found himself face to face with Mr. Melnotte, who was strolling quietly along, smoking a big cigar. " Good evening, Sir Adrian. A mild night and a picturesque spot." "Very. But I should think it must seem uncommonly tame to you after tho Zambesi Falls." " Oh, but I am catholic in my tastes. I :an admire an English landscape as heartily is if 1 had never seen Africa. A favorite 'walk of yours, Sir Adrian 1" " Yes ; it was one of my favorite walks." "I thought so. I havo Been you here nearly every evening for the last 10 days. 1 generally take my afternoon stroll in this direction, but on tho opposite bank. Lady Belfield wub so good as to say I might make free with the park and meadows." "Naturally. Any friend of Colonel Devcrill's would bo welcome. Is this your first experience of Devonshire ?" . " Of this side of the country, yes. I know the south coast pretty well, A delightful county." " Youare not a Devonshire man ?" " I have not that privilege.1' There was a silence. Mr. Melnotte did not volunteer any information as to his birth or parentage. He was a curious little man in this wise, and, except for his African experiences, seemed to be a man without a history. Sir Adrian wondered how his friendship with Colonel Deverill could have come about. The two men seemed to havo so little in common. From a good- natured impulse, rather than for any parti cular reason, he asked Mr. Melnotte to dinner, an invitation which was promptly accepted. " It is always a pleasure to visit Buch a house as yours, Sir Adrian," ho said j " a houso with a history. No doubt the Abbey has its history." "Yes. It has a good many histories, or traditions." " Any ghosts ? Anyistary ofla dark crime in the remote past?" "I have heard of neither ghost nor crime." Well, It is a noble old house, even with out those embellishments," said Melnotte, cheerfully, " and the pairk and gardens are perfect. This is a tributary of the Chad, I suppose, this river in your grounds." " Yes, it unites with the Chad lower down." ' " A swift, decpish river, eh ? " J- " Swift and deep." " It makes a very pretty feature in your grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To morrow evening, at 8, 1 think you said, Sir Adrian ? Good night."' Mr. Melnotte crossed a rustic bridge and disappeared in the twilight on the further bank, while Adrian strolled slowly along the cypress walk. Ho was met by Lucy Freemantle, who un consciously suggested a reminiscence of Shakespeare's Beatrice. " I have been sen's to ask yon to come to tea," she said, blus.hing a little, her com plexion of lilies and roses looking brighter than ever in the g'ey winter atmosphere. "You were vary good to take so much trouble about mc,," answered Adrian, as they shook hands. " Oh, it was nJo trouble. I am always glad of a run. Mother and I came to call upon Lady Belfield, and Lady Belfield was getting fidgctty about you, so mother told me to run ahd look for yon, and I guessed I should find you this way." .. " How clever of you." They were on very friendly terms, Lucy having known the Abbey and the Abbey people all her life. A few years ago when she had been in the nursery she had looked up to Sir Adrian as a very grand personage, standing as it were apart from all other young men upon the strength of a superior position and superior' attainments, but of late she had felt herself more upon a level with him and more at her ease in his society. He called her Luqy as a matter of course, having known her in pinafores, but Bhc called him Sir Adrian. " Is my brother at home ?" he asked, as they walked towards the Abbey. ' " No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and mother. They are talking parish talk- about the poor old people and their ailments — sueh dreadful complications. How hard it seems that the poor Bhould sutler in all ways. People who know nothing about them think they arc healthy and hardy be cause of their scanty fare and open air life ; but when one comes to know them one finds that theory a hollow mockery. The open air may be very pood for us, but the poor get too much of it." She spoke warmly, having just come from n Bcene of suffering in one of the cottages. She was a frank, warm-hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in the full bloom of youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant action and duty, not dress and pleasure. Yet at-ii county ball she danced as gaily as the ' most feather-headedfof lier.sisters and never complained, as they did, of an evening being slow. Lady Belfield and Mrs. Freemantle wero sitting by the fire in tho inner drawing- room, the cosy tea table and hissing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mri Rbckstone, who sat in one of the most luxurious of the large armchairs, with his legs 'stretched out in front of the hearth, basking iu the glow of a friendly fireside after a long clay among his poorest parishi oners. They ware talking of Valentine. " He' ought to mako an effort, my dear Lady Belfield," said the Vicar. "The blow that has fallen upon him is a heavy one, but it is almost 'unmanly to succumb as he has done. His whole being is undergoing de terioration. He ha9 brooded upon the one great wrong until his soul has become steeped m gall. He is a misanthrope at an age when men generally love their fellow-crcaturcs. Something must be done to save him from himself." "Yes, something must he done," echoed MfB. Freemantle. " It is terrible to see a fine young man like Valentine lapsing into physical and moral decay. My husband tells me that he shuns all his old friends— does not oven show at the meet, and rides in a way that shows he care3 no more for other peoples lives than he does for his own. He ought to go to Australia." (TO BE CONTINUED. 