TIlE JEALOUS LOVER, Between our house and Farmer Raynor's lay two green meadows. It was curious enough to look across them and see the bright dark green of the grass in one, and the mellow yellow tints of the other. The first, too, was dotted all over with clover, pink and white, and only now and then a dandelion grew in the other. Between the meadows lay a clump of trees and bushes, and an old-fashioned stile. When the moon was high, and a round silver shield in the dark night sky, I used to go down to that stile and sit upon it, looking toward the Raynor homestead. It was long and low, with dormer windows on the roof. If, by chance, I saw alight in the one I knew belonged to Eve Raynor's room, I thought my vigil well rewarded; for I loved Eve Itaynor as knights in old romance loved their ladies. You'd hardly believe, after that, that I had never touched her pretty hand, or said more than "good day" as we passed on the road. Our families were not on visiting terms, and we never met that way. Any other young fellow, smitten as 1 was, would have managed to know her better somehow, but I made no effort to win my way to her liking. My own fault, then, say you Well, per haps you are right, but true love is always a little fearful of itself. Your flirt is bold enough, but when the heart is touched prcsat, I away flies confidence and vanity, and you say to yourself, ' There's nothing in md to like," or " She'll never look at me; what is the use of hoping P" You never saw her; and words can't tell you just what she is. Go out into the garden and find a lily among beds of dahlias and Queen 'Margarets and flaunting poppies, and you'll know how she looked among other girls. Find a pearl among shreds of broken glass and pebbles,and you'll know what she seemed to me in a crowd of other women. Once she dropped a red geranium out of her dark hair, and I picked it up from the road by stealth, and felt half afraid to touch it--i seemed so holy. I put it between my Bible leaves when I wont home-the most sacred place I could think of. It is there yet; two red-brown threads and something that looks like a crisp bit of scorched paper. That was coming from church one Sunday. The next, while I had the flower against my bosom, and was sitting where I could see the lRaynors' pew, which was under the gallery where the school-children sat, a clumsy imp of a boy let fall his hymn-book over the rail. ing. I saw it drop, and then saw her sink forward, and was beside her and had her out in the air in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hurt, for the start, more than the pain, had made her faint. And then I would have left; but church was out, and all going home, and the old people would have me take tea with them. They made a fuss about my kindness, too, as though any brute could have done less when she dropped like a hurt deer. I went home to tea in the wagon, and I sat beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of paradise. I wish I were a boy again, as foolish and as happy as I was that night. Well, the ice was broken, and with it, it seemed, an old feud between my people and the ltaynors, about a triangular patch of ground, not big enough to build on, and too sandy to plant; and the old friendship sprang up again, and mother and Mrs. Raynor took tea togesher, and chatted when they met. All I thought of was the chance of seeing Eve the oftener, now that we were all on visiting terms. I did see her. In a month we were old friends. I did not dare think she liked me much; but she chatted and laughed with me, and blushed when I looked at her, as, good manners or not, I had to look sometimes; and though' I was brown and burly, with I great red farmer's hands and a voice to match my size, sometimes I used to think I'd plant my lily in my heart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon mybosom. for life. You never would have guessed as Iploughed in the great field, or tossed the scented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poems that were in my brain, under my shook of yellow hair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and none ever say of their lady-loves half what I thought about Eve Raynor when I was busy at the humblest work. I heard a strain of music once, though, that said it all without a Single word, or it seemed so; for I stood listening to it with her hand crushed tight in mine in the shadow. There was some great man or other at the hotel, and they were ser enading him. And I felt through her palm, her heart beat like some wild thing. Mine stood still. We walked away after it was done, and I said when all were out of bearing: "Eve Raynor, if you ever cease to love me, I shall die f" and bent down to look into her eyes in the moonlight, and found them wet with tears. I used to think no one else ever loved as I did; I know no one loved more. One night, as I was going home (prayers were said at ten at the lRaynors', and every one expected to leave at once), I met half way upon the road, which Ihad taken because the long spring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a young man with a portmanteau in his hand, looking about him with a puzzled sort of way, as though he scarcely knew which path to take. 1R was, I could see in the moonlight, very handsome and dressed in a style not common in our country place. There was a flash of gold at his fob, and a glimmer of precious stones on his ungloved hand, and as I came nearer, a faint perfume, such as some girls I knew braught into church with them on their hand. kerchiefs. He was a b:g fellow, too. despite all these delicate daintinesees of toilet, and his voice was clear and musical, but a thorough man's voice, when he spoke to me. " Can you tell me the way to the Ilaynor farm.house, sir ? It should be somewhat close at hand, it my memory serves me." "Straight on," I said; "the first house you come to on the right; you can't mistake it." "Thank you," said he. "I'ts only fair to tell you, however," said I, "that they are all in bed by this time." He laughed. "I hbad forgotten country ways," said he. "However, if my uncle won't let mu in, I'll sleep on the porch, until morning. There neused to be a famous porchb, with an old bench on it long enough to repose a giant." "It isn't-it can't be little Ned Ware ?" cried I. "Not little 1" said he; "not little' any longer, but Ned Ware still. And you?' "I am Theodore Brest I" " \Ve shook hands then. Years before- two barefooted country boys-who had played in the woods together- friends, as boys will be despite all family feuds. He was Farmer Raynor's nephew, and had, I remember, inherited some property, and been sent to a boarding.-school. I could scarcely believe that time lhad altered him so -time and education, and association with polished men. I went beck with him to the Raynors', and saw old sleepy Hepaiba admit him. Then I went home, and all that night dreamed strange, wild, jealous dreams of exquisite youths, more pqrfect than mortal man could be, who won Eve Rsynor from me. Ah, me I jealousy is an ill weed-once plant ,there's no end to it. The dreams came from a thought or two I had hardly been con scious of; and the thoughts remained when the dreams were over. He was her only cousin; but why should she be forever walking with him, talking to him, smiling on him 1 Why should he sit be side her in church, holding her book for her and singing with her? Why should he look upon me as a stranger and monopolize her, or endeavor to when I came, as I had so good a right to do, to spend my evenings at the farm-house 1 Had eho told him? Had any of them told him of our engagement? I doubted it. And he would be there the summer through. .It. seemed to miel could not bear it. I had been so happy since Eva promised to be mine; now I was wretched. I grew moody, and eat silent in her presence, while he talked in his own pleasant, brilliant way, making the contrast so much greater than it need have been. At last I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that-to make he suffer something of my pain. I bore the absence from her one Sunday to the next. Then, in the twilight hush of the Juno'even ing I took my way across the meadow. The Sabbath silence was on everything. The far.off chiming of a church-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. The scent of primrosee filled the air, and the doves in the cote behind the house murmured musically. I opened the gate, and entered. Beside the gate was a little rustic arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines. The moon lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it, I saw two pictures. The first-Eve Raynor standing, a white statue, in her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The second-Eve Ray. nor caught to Ned Ware's heart with a wild, passionate cry of " My love I my life I" Ere he unclasped his arms, I stood before them. I called her by a bitter name. I flung at her feet the ring she had given me in ex change for mine. I said, I acarceknew what, in my frenzy, and strode away, leaving them dumb and motionless. Half way over the meadowl began to under. stand what had befallen me-as we understand great woes at last-and fell upon the long, damp grass as though I had been shot. Long past midnight I crept into my bed. room window, and began to pack a few things in my carpet bag-linen, and a second coat; the stookings knImit by my old mother's hands; the little bible she had given me, and my slender stock of money. Then, on a scrap of paper, I wrote this note and slipped it under my pillow : DEAn MonEn--Don't think hard of me do not think I do not love you. You are the only being I now love in the world; but I cannot stay at Elms-I cannot breathe its air. Eve Raynor has jilted me, and I should go mad were I to see her daily with her lover, as I must if I remain. I shall take to seafaring life, I think, and if I ever find myself better of my hurt, I shall come back to you again. I don't hope it, though. It is too deep and sore; God bless you, and good-by. Your loving son, T?iEODnE BnEST. Then I clambered out of thoe.window, and before I took the high road to the car depot, went to the dear old stile to take the last look at Eve's-home, over whose threshold, in all human probability, I should never pass again. White as a ghost themoonsoudded through gathering clouds, white in her light lay the farm- house, with its sloping roof and dormer windows beyond the yellow field; against the background of moonlit wall rose the clumps of currant bushes, and the curved outline of that rustic arbor. About me rose dark elms, and dank, thick grass. Only the step of the stile was silver-lit amid the shadows. That and the upper ridges of the bar, and one knot of a dead elm tree. I took it all off upon my. heart. I said: " Heaven forgive her I He can neverloveher as I do !" and then I strode away toward the station. It was two good miles away, but the early train had not arrived when I reached the place. I sat down in the waiting-room; but for shame I could have wept like a wo man. I heard the ringing-of a bell-the scream of a whistle. The train was coming. There was a chattering without about sundry trunks belonging to two old women who had just come up in a'wagon, and the door of the waiting-room was flung open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, It was Ned Ware. He was as pale as living man could be. Despite his triumph, he looked wretched. He paced the floor for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. For the first time in my life I wanted to kill a thing God made. May He forgive me for it l We looked at each other in dead silence. Ned broke it. " Where are you goingl" he said. "What is that to you? You insult me by speaking to me. You have robbed me let that sultico. It is dangerous to speak to me just now. For Eve's sake I warn you to leave me." "So have robb'ed you?r " he said, with a aneer. "Yes. You know she was mine. I warn you again. Go I" He folded his arms and looked at me. "I am going," he said. "The bad within me is struggling to make me go in silence. The good says speak. I'll try to obey the good, little as there is of it. You are halt mad, Theodore Brest. You have seen and heard with a jealous man's eyes and ears. You are not robbed. I wish you were. I don't deny it. But Eve Raynor is youro - not mine" - " I saw her in your arms," said I. - He laughed a bitter laugh. "Listen," he said. "I have only a mo ment; for [ do not wish to be left at Elms, and the train is coming.. You gave me a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I loved her also. I did my best. Last night I ventured all, and lost. She told me you were her betrothed husband, and that she cared nothing for me." Down the road came the shrieking train; the bell was clanging. He caught up his portmanteau. "I clasped her to my heart," he went on. "it was a mad thing to do; but it was naf adieu, and against her will. Madman I go back and beg her pardon for the words you said I If she forgives you, I would give a king. dom to take your place. A kingdom? Bah i the world I " All aboard I" yelled a voice at the door. "You believe me 1" he asked. "God bless you-God reward youl" I grasped. But he was gone ere I could clasp his hand. I never forgot him, but I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went hlome in the dawning of the day. I tore the note which I had written in frag ments. I knelt down and prayed as I had not prayed siuco I was a little child, and in the early morning I sought Eve Ray. nor. She forgave me. She pitied and under stood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as of yore, and ere the summer waned, she was my wife. We are old people now, and children tall and strong gatller about our hearth at even. tide; and the eldest of them all, the tall youth yonder, with his mother's velvet eyes, is named Edward Ware. So we christened him in memory of that noble rival who, in his own great grief, had mercy upon mine, 85. 