ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL MEET- ITG. A NEW ERA IN THE HISTORY OF THE BUILDING. AN INTERESTING AND SUCCESSFUL MEETING. On Monday evening last the meeting, looked forward to with much interest, for the purpose of inaugurating the movement for raising St. Mary's Cathedral building up to the cen tral tower, was held. The weather was very inclement, and of course prevented as large a public gathering as might otherwise have been expected ; but what it lacked in num bers — and the meeting was by no means small -—was largely compensated for by the enthusi asm and spirit of generosity which animated these in attendance. The great Catholic public have their heart in the work, and the sum of nearly .£3000 collected in the Cathedral at Monday's meeting is simply an earnest of what will be done. The various speakers were unanimous in their commendation of the project for commemorating the Centenary of the colony by a mighty effort towards the completion of the building1 which embodies in its history that of the Catholic Church in Australia ; and there is little doubt that the sentiments expressed by them will find an echo, not only throughout the Archdiocese, but throughout and even beyond the colony. The meeting opened shortly after 8 o'clock, when his Eminence the Cardinal and a large number o£ representative gentlemen took their seats within the sanctuary, where chairs had been provided. His Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop presided, and amongst those present on the platform were: Right Hon. W. E. Dalley, P.O., Q.C., M.L.C., Mr. , Justice Faucett, Dr. Donovan, the Very Rev. Drs. Sheehy, Carroll, Murphy, Sheridan, and Hacketfc, the Very Rev. Deans O'Brien, Mahony, M'Carthy, the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, Dr. O'Haran, the Rev. Fathers Clancy, Walsh, Moriarty, P. Byrne, J. J. Byrne, O'Brien, Murlay, O'Reilly, Coo nan, Butler, O'Connor, Glasheen, Barlow, Slattery, Long, Cummings, Callachor, Fiordan, Sheridan, M'Carthy, Ginisty, Le Rennetel, Piquet, O'Callaghan, Joyce, Fitzpatrick, Kelly, M'Donald, Muraire, Grace, and Coue ; Messrs. T. Dalton, M.P., D. O'Connor, M.P., A. J. Riley M.P. (Mayor of Sydney), W. Hughes, J.P., J. B. Mulroney, T. J. Murray, J.P., J. McEvoy, W. J. Hickey, R. A. Norris, J. L. Mullins, T. M. Slattery, M.L. A., Pierce Goold, J. B. Olliffe, W. P. Manning, E. O'Farrell, P. T. Riley, D. J. O'Riordan, Cracknell, C. O'Neill, J. T. Toohey, Dr. O'Doherty, Dr. Gabriel, Michael Fleming, A. Fitzgerald, J. J. Spruson, Michael Hughes, J. B. Barlow, Thomas Hughes, John Hughes, J. J. Horan, D. W. Ryan, John Maloney, M. CantwelJ, M. Sherlock. Apologies were received from Fathers Carr, P. M. Ryan, M. H. Ryan, and from Messrs. R. Butcher, T. Butler, and V. Heaton. Cardinal Moran said, — I beg to thank you for as sembling here this evening to show your sympathy with the devoted building committee of St. Mary's Cathedral, and to practically aid them in the great work in which they are engaged. It is pro posed to complete the northern portion of this beautiful Cathedral as far as the central tower, as a centennial memorial of this colony. And I trust that with your generous co-operation and that of our co- religionists throughout the other colonies, and the assistance also of our fellow-citizens of other denominations, in a few months this sanctuary will bo arrayed in all its comeliness, and that it will be especially an architectural monument worthy of religion and worthy of this fair Australian land. (Applause.) I think that the history of the Catholic Church in Australia might be said to be written in the mortar of St. Mary's. The foundations of old St. Mary's were laid at the first dawn of religious toleration in these colonies by the venerable pi'iest who shall ever hold the foremost place amongst the pioneers of religion under the Southern Cross — I mean the Rev. J. J. Therry. (Loud applause.) The work was beset with diffi culties from neai-ly every side. Amongst other difficulties the Colonial Architect of that day de clared that the proposed edifice would be entirely too large for the requirements of the Roman Ca tholic population of the colony ; and that for 100 years there would be no Catholic population to fill such a large church. But the indomitable resolution of Father Therry overcame every difficulty, and he was privileged to preside over the work until at last he brought the edifice within measurable distance of being completed. There were many things, perhaps, to justify the Colonial Architect in the estimate which he formed of the requirements of the Catholic popu lation of New South Wales. I was reading only this evening the first official report that was pre sented by my first venerated predecessor in this See — the ever-to-be-venerated Archbishop Pold ing. (Applause.) His first official report was presented to the Government in the month of June, 1837— just 50 years ago. Old St. Mary's, though it had been dedicated to re ligious worship, was not yet completed. Its . roof was not yet finished ; it was as yet un plastered, and it was then judged capable of accomodating 2000 worshippers. There were then ( in the colony five Catholic priests, or as they were called, chaplains to the Roman Catholic population. One or these was .bather M JBJncroe, at the church of St. Mary's (applause), Father Therry was stationed at Campbelltown, Father Sumner in Farramatta, Father Corcoran in Windsor, — although the church there was not completed — and Father Dowling in Maitland. There was a sixth church, a small weatherboard building at Wollongong, but as yet no priest was stationed there. Fifty years have since passed, and instead of five priests we have — thanks be to God ! — five archiepiscopal sees in these Australian colonies, not to speak of the ecclesiastical pro vinces. We have in New South Wales 50 times the number of priests that then ministered to the Catholic population of all Australia, and instead of 22,000 Catholics we have in this colony alone considerably over 250,000. (Ap v plause.) This tells us of considerable progress, ' and I trust it is a progress commensurate with the material progress of this great colony. (Applause.) In every walk of life our Catholic citizens have shed a lustre around them. Many of them have won the brightest laurels in the senate and on the battlefield ; many of them have held high offices in the State, and as a tribute from a grateful country many have been privileged to receive some of the highest honours that the Sovereign can confer. (Loud applause.) I am happy to see assembled with me here this evening some of those whose official capacities and honours have been frequently won by their brilliant talents, and the unstained integrity with which they have filled the offices entrusted to them. (Applause.) But it is not only in this way that our Catholic citizens should keep pace with the progress of the colony. I think that even in our material monu ments we should show that we are no aliens ; that we are identified with this great country, and that we are determined that the architec tural monuments which we raise up shall bo worthy of the country with which we arc united. (Applause.) It may bo truly said that the pro gress of a country's civilization is marked by the architectural monuments which it raises up. Fifty years ago old St. Mary's was a plain structure, a cruciform building without any architectur.il pro tensions and without any ornamont at all. Twenty years went on, and Dr. Folding deemed it neces sary that the mother church of the Australias should, in its architectural proportions, be worthy of the Church which it had represented ; and lie set on foot a movement to renew this cathedral building. A new St. Mary's was proposed and its architectural designs suited to the requirements of the times in which it had been set on foot. I am happy to say that the first subscription which was given for new St. Mary's was given by the Venerable Father Thorry and that was a subscrip tion of -£2000. (Applause.) Although what was then called new St. Mary's has aince been de stroyed by fire, I trust that the subacriptions which will be given to complete this grand cathedral structure — which arose from the ashes of the older building-will be in proportion to the gene rous gift of Father Therry. (Applause.) I would like myself to follow his example. I regret, how ever, that it is beyond my resources, as every sum that I can command is almost entirely bound up in other works which are being carried on. But notwithstanding these monetary engagements, I will endeavour to contribute as much as I possibly can. (Applause.) It has being suggested that it might be advisable to extend the period of subscriptions over a term of four years, as it has being found elsewhere that it is inconvenient to give a large sum at once, and that when extended over four years it is more easily contributed. On these conditions I will endeavour to contribute ,£1000 towards the new work. (Loud applause.) I will now call on the secretaries to read the report. Mr. J. L. Mullins read the following : — ' Report of the honorary secretaries, to his Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, etc. — May it please your Eminence. — Fsur years have elapsed since the presen tation of the last report and financial statement in connec tion with the Cathedral. During the earlier part of that period, and until the arrival of your Einiuence amongst us, no steps were taken towards thc_ progross of the cathedral building. The work of completing the northern gable be came necessary preparatory to the erection of the Memorial Window of the late venerated Archbishop Vaughau. Ac cordingly a contract for the construction of the northern gable was entered into in November 1881 with Mr. John Young, which involved the payment of £4,350. The masonry has been carried up in strict accordance with the design or tne arcnitect (yv. vy. warden, J^sq.j, ana lias been built under his direction. The gablo is richly decorated with sunk tracery, and the lower portion con tains five niches with carved canopies and pedestals. The central niche contains a figure of Our Blessed Lady with the infant Saviour ; those on the right hand figures of St. Joseph and St. Francis Xavier ; and those on the loft St. John the Evangelist and St. Patrick. The gable is flanked by two massive pinnacles rising from the buttresses, and richly carved. In January 1S8G the last instalment due in respect of this contract was paid, the whole of the work stipulated therein having boon at that time completed. On the recommendation of the architect a further outlay of £2.'J3 14s was made in respect of alterations in and ad ditions to the Cathedral structure which wore necessary to bo effected for the protection of the building itself. The system of collecting assessments from the various parishes of the Archdiocese which was devised by the late Arch bishop Vanghan on the principle that every Catholic is in terested in and responsible for the progress of the Cathedral lias been continued with the success which characterized its previous working. The few defections that occurred resulted from other causes than lack of sympathy with the undertaking. The Very Rev. Dean Mahony on his depar ture from Sydney relinquished the oJlico of hon. secretary, which he had held for a nnmbor of years, and also ceased to act upon the Finance Committee, of which ho was for fifteen years an active and a zealous member. Owing to the praiseworthy generosity of numerous benefactors a considerable sum of money has been expended in the em bellishment of the interior of this edifice with richly carved stonework, ornamental brass-work, stained-glass and statuary. The High Altar, one of the j»'.ain features within the building, stands out in its artistic prominence to the greater glory of God and in grateful memory of Archbishop Folding, and as a testimony to the munificence of the Eiley family, who have supplemented their original dona tion and completed the exquisitely carved reredos. The reredos of the Lady Altar lias been erected by his Emi nence the Cardinal-Archbishpx). To the generosity of the late Mr. Jeremiah Donovan is owing the completion of the reredos of St. Joseph's Altar, The great northornjwindow, destined as a memorial of the late illustrious Archbishop Vauerhan, who laboured so earnestly and with success for the building of the Cathedral, has been erected by public subscription. The subject embraces the Coronation of the Blossed Virgin. Twelve additional stained glass windows have been erected ; these, too, are emblems of the charity of zealous benefactors, and several of them servo as well to commemorate worthy helpers in this great cause, who in their lives worked so hard with us, and have now ceased from their labours. That representing St. Joseph was the gift of the late Mr. Jeremiah Donovan, who also presented the window of the Annunciation. The window of the Visitation was given by Mr John Johnson. That of the Nativity by the Catholic cabmen of Sydney. Tho cost of the Sacred Heart window was defrayed bv the Catholic Young Women's Society, Sydney. The A.H.C. Guild pre sented the Finding of Our Lord in the Temple. The Agony in tho Garden was the gift of the Catholic printers. Dr. John J. Donovan gave the window representing the Resurrection, and Mr. John Keeshan (hat of the Ascen sion. The Descent of the Holy Ghost was presented by Miss Sharkey, and Mr. Henry Austin gave the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin, and thut representing St. Peter was the gift of Mrs. Hughes. The handsomely wrought brass-work of the . Communion rails was the generous gift of the Very Rev. Dean Mahony, a former administrator of tho Cathedral. A series of admirable oil paintings (from tho studio of a French artist of repute), representing the Stations of the Cross, was selected by his Eminence the CardinalArch bishop, on his recent visit to Europe ; and most of these have been already presented to grace the walls of the Cathedral, and testify to the active charity of Catholic friends. The pictures so presented and their donors are as follows :— No. 1, Mrs. Andrew Fitzgerald ; No. 2, Tho Holy Family ; No. 3, The Sacred Heart Society ; No. -!?, Mrs. Stnnfield and Mrs. Mullins ; No. 5, The A. H, C. Guild ; No. G, The Ladies of the Altar Society ; No. 10, Mrs. John Young; No. 12, The Total Abstinence Associa tion ; No. 13, Mrs. Hughes ; No. 14. Miss Sharkey. Several bequests have largely augmented tho finances of the Build ing Committee. Those have been made by friends of tho Cathedral, whose princely heuofactions woro a fitting sequel to lives of energetic sympathy with this movement, and will servo to perpetuate the names of the Right Rev. Mon signor Lynch, the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, Mr. Patrick Higgins, Mr. John Hughes, Mr. Jeremiah Donovan, Miss Sarnh O'Connor, Mr. Cunniughairc, Mrs. Mary Anu Smith (late of Balmain), and Mrs. Doyle (late of Forest Lodge). The Cathedral Building Committee desires to nmko its special acknowledgments to your Eminence, the ardent loader of tho great body of builders, who on every occasion by your presence, voice, and purse, sook to promote tho advancement of this edifice. To tho city and suburban collectors, whoso untiring efforts have tonded in a large degree to tho gratifying announcement of tho trea surers, the committee desires to mark its deep indobted ness. To all the generous bmiefactors and 'subscribers (of every denomination) to the Cathedral, who by thoir energy and their material assistance havo advp.nced. tho erection and decoration of this noble structuro, tho committee ton dors its fullest thanks. We have the honour to be, your Bmiuencc'fl obedient servants, ' DllNIS F. O'HARAN, D.D. ') tt ?qnf,vnfnrir-R Jora Iabb Mullins, )Hon. Societanes. ' St. Mary's Committee Booms, 'Mh May, 1887.' The Very Eev. Dr. O'Haran read the following statement of receipts and expenditure, from April 16th, 1883, to May 30fah, 1887. MAIN BUILDING. Receipts.— Bequests received— The lato Mr. Patrick Higgins, £1000; Monsignor Lynch, £1000; Mr. Jeremiah Donovan, £1000; Mr. John Hughes, £:?00; Miss Sarah ( I'Connor, £100; Mr. Francis Cnniiinghanie, £100 ; Mrs. M. Anu Smith, £50; Mrs. Doylo, £50 ; Dean Dwyer, £100— £3,700. Subscriptions and donations, including collections at monthly and quarterly meetings, pro rut.a lovied on city and country districts, etc., as per published statements, £1,507 Is lid; refunds of subscriptions to tho Patriotic Fund applied, by tho donors to St. Mary's, £01 17s .-td ; total, £S,298 19s 3d. Expenditure— Deficit from former balance-sheet of 10th ApriJ, 1883, on account of bequests and moneys promised and not paid, ,-filGOO ; interost paid on consequent over draft in A.J.S. Bank during 1883 and 1884., £91 17s 2d. Mr. John Young : Original contract on tho great uorthorn gablo, £4,350 ; extra for alterations on tho Fame, £47 14s ; lightning conductor and shoring for the protection of tho same, £18(5. Mr. Martin, clerk of works, £4S; insurance on the Cathedral, £100 13s 9d ; advertising, printing, &c;, £02 8s ; Mr. Lassettor for expenses on sacristy, ;G5 9s lid ; Mr. Ashclown, £23 18s Gd ; expenses connected with a refund of Patriotic Fund, £4 Os ; all other smaller payments, in cluding £75 to Mr. Wardell, tho architect, £0G 17s 8(1— £C,C17 8s. Two deposit receipts sit A.J.S. Hank, £1,600; credit balance in A.J.S. Bank, £81 Us 3d; total, £8,29S 19s 3.1. INTERNAL FITTINC10, &C.; Hi!.'1! AHnr-Oonn-ilptioii of tho Rorodos, £914 ; Lady Altar—' -ii.li.-. i 71 -ii I '?-; Rorodos, £375 12s ; St. Joseph's Altar— Completion of the Rorodos, £225 ; Great North Window— Archbishop Vaughau Memorial. £1,231 9s 2d ; Twelve Stained Glass Windows in Cathedral, £2,513 13s Oil ; Fourtoon Stations of the Cross, £300 ; Communion Bail, &c;, £322 12s— £5,S85 Gs lid. Organ fund subscribed sinco 18S3, with iuterest, £119 17s Gd ; interest on organ fund of £500 announced in balance- sheet, 1883, £154 15s — £0,489 19s 5d. SUMMARY OF RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURE SINCE 1RS3. Receipts on main building, £S,29S 19s 3d ; receipts for internal fittings, &c;, £G,4S9 lls 5d ; total, £14,788 18s 8d. Expenditure on main building, £G,G17 8s ; expenditure on internal fittings, fee, £5,S35 Gs lid— grand total expendi ture since 1883, £12,502 Its lid. Credit balance for main building at present date, £1,G81 lls 3d ; credit balance for internal fittings at present date (organ fund), £1,104 12s Cd— balance in hand, £2,786 3s 9d. COST OF THE VARIOUS WORKS AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRA.L. Foundations— Commenced in 18G6, completed, 1868, £12,937 8s 9d ; Superstructure— Wo. 1 contract— completed 1871, £20,075 16s ; No. 2 contract— completed, 1877, £13,112 10s ; No. 3 contract— completed, 1880, £21,390 ; No. 4 con tract—completed, 18S3, £21,687 6s lOd ; No. 5 contract completed, 1885, £4350 ; total. £93,553 Is 7d. All other con tracts and expenses to April, 1S83, deducting £1600 deficit as per last balance-sheet, £11,960 5s ; all other contracts and expenses to this date (including internal fittings, &c;), £8152 14s lid— £20,112 19s lid; grand total cost, £113,60G Is 6d. Patrick F. Card. Moran, ~\ John F. Sheridan, D.D., fTJ , m ,„„,„„ William Hughes, J.P., fHon- Measurers. John Hourigan, J.P., J St. Mary's Committee Rooms, 30th May, 1887. The statement is endorsed by the auditors, Messrs. R. A. Norris and W. P. Manning. Mr. Justice Faucett said, — I have great pleasure, indeed, in appearing here this evening to take part in the very important object for the promo tion of which we are called together by his Eminence the Cardinal. The firet resolution which I have the honour to propose is one entirely of a practical nature, and I have not the slightest doubt that it will receive the entire approbation of. this congregation, or this assemblage. The resolution 'is in the following words : — ' That the report just read, with the Trea surers' statement, be adopted, and printed for circulation among the subscribers.' Now, in reading and hearing the report read this evening gfchoro were two things that struck me as not only .remarkable indeed, but unusual. The first thing that struck me was that this building, which will be so very large when completed, has been carried to its present large dimensions with out being one single shilling in debt. (Applause.) The next thing that struck me is this : the enormous amount of money that has been ex pended — and -no doubt wisely and economically expended — upon this beautiful building. (Hear, hear.) We find by the report that no less a sum than .£113,000 has been expended in the erection so far of this magnificent undertaking. (Applause.) It is quite an unusual thing to find that so large a building as this is — a work that has coat so much money, and destined no doubo hereafter to cost still more money — has been up to the present time carried on by the contributions of the people at large, and that these contributions have been sufficient to pay oil not only every shilling of debt, but also to leave a considerable balance in hands for future proceed ings. (Applause.) It is but rarely we find a building carried on at private expense — a build ing carried on by private contributions — present- ing such a story as this ; presenting an ac count so favourable, so satisfactory in every respect, as was the statement made by the trea surers this evening to you. (Applause.) In listening to the account his Eminence the Car dinal has given of the early stages through which the Church of Australia has gone, and the stages through which it has gone at later periods, we must have been all astonished at the small beginnings with which it commenced — we must be all astonished at the progress it made during the early period ; but we must be still more astonished at the rapid progress of later years. (Applause.) We may well see that in the early times, when the Colonial Architect, to whom his Eminence referred, considered that the church then proposed was entirely too large for the then existing or expected future congrega tions that would assemble within its walls — we can see why it was that the church should appear so large to his unimaginative mind. And we find that he was not alone in holding those ideas. We find that similar ideae pervaded every class of the community — that similar ideas per vaded those who were then the statesmen of the time. We find that in all our great under takings they never looked forward to such a wonderful view of our progress as has been experienced by this colony in every department. If any great public work before' us, or any one great extension of public works by which we are surrounded, was not standing as an emblem of our enormous progress, would we be surprised at the shortness of vision of those men who pre ceded us and those who undertook works — then small, now great, now exceeding beyond any com putation the calculations they then made P (Ap plause.) Look now at our public buildings, and see what they were in former times ! Look at tho style of architecture — or shall I refer to a style so primitive as that known as tho Macquarie style of architecture ? — shall I look to them, when I see them suc ceeded by public buildings which would be ornaments to the first cities in the world ? (Ap plause.) When we see these buildings and look alno throughout the country, at our enormous railways, which have been extended from north to south, from east to went, wo are astonished at the progress which the country has made. Many of us remember — I remember niycelf at the earliest period of my arwvnl here — I was a witness to the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the first railway, and afterwards at the opening of the first few miles of railway. And I now think, what idea had the statesmen of that, day of the enormous prospect before us, the enormous progress that took place within a few years ? They had no idea then of the extent our commerco would assume j no idea tbeu of tho ex tent to which our public works would proceed. I remember an eminent and distinguished states man speaking of the south-western portion of this colouy and telling the assembled Senate that it was impossible to say whether that part of the colony belonged to this colony or to Victoria. Wha,t are our ideas now ? We have every part of our colony brought by our railways within the influence of Sydney ; wo have got communication extended to Tenterfield on the north, and to Albury on the south, and every part of the colonies connected by long lines of railway with its capital. This is not what was imagined or calculated upon in tho early times. Why, then, should we be surprised, when we consider the smallness of our Catholic popula tion in the early times — when we see it progress ing first gradually, and latterly taking enormous leaps and sproading1 in such numbers over the entire colony ? (Applause.) Why should we be surprised that in the progress of the colony we, too, have progressed, not only in this colony, but in all the colonies and over the southern hemisphere ? (Applause.) Why should we bo surprised that instead of ono Catholic Archbishop we have five spread over the colonies j bishops in correspond ing numbers, and clergy in numbers again cor responding to their heads ? Why should we be sur prised at all this ? Looking at these things now, with our greater experience, the surprise would be if we had not progressed with the rest of the colony, as the rest of the colony has pro gressed in every possible way. Now, having made these observations, I shall say very few words in reference more immediately to the mat ter before us. I thought at one time — and I am afraid in thinking so I was like some of the early people to whom I have referred — that our genera tion had done good work. I thought at one time that when we commenced this magnificent cathe dral and carried it on to a certain extend — that when we carried it on so far to completion as ifc now stands — I thought at one time that we, the present generation, had to a large extent done our work. I was mistaken. (Hear, hea^.) I believe that the zeal of the people has ex ceeded our expectations. I beliave that the zeal o£ the people has carried us along, and that now is the most fitting time to carry to a further degree this noble work before usr (Ap plause.) I find that we have been — and it strikes me as a very happy thought, whoever it may have originated with — called upon in this Centennial year to try to complete a portion of this magnificent building, so that we may see it complete in all ita fair proportions, from floor to roof ; we may see its graceful pillars extending to their full height, and its lofty wall3 displaying all their graceful tracery. (Applause.) I think this is a most happy thought, whether it arose with the committee or with his Eminence the Cardinal. The completion of such a work as this in the Centennial year will be an embodiment — an historical record of the progress of the Roman Catholic Church in these colonies. (Applause.) It will stand for ages and point out to future generations the zeal of the people who have gone, and of those who lived in the present day. (Applause.) It will show that they and we never thought our work was done until it had been completely finished. (Applause.) I would, in conclusion, make a suggestion to the committee — that is, that we should complete the building to a certain extent, by which I mean the porbion of tho work before us. I shall not trespass further, because I fear it would be an encroachment upon the territory of our eloquent friends who are to follow me on this occasion. I shall leave the suggestion to one who can deal with it better than I can, and I will con clude by asking you to sanction the resolution which I have the honour to propose. (Loud ap plause.) Dr. Donovan seconded the resolution. ' The materials of the report and financial statement, which had been read, carried the mind back through a number of years to the labours of those who laid the foundation-stone of that building, designed by the first Archbishop of New South Wales, and carried on by the great predecessor of his Eminence in this diocose, who had laboured as a giant to bring the people into this Cathedral. (Applause.) The documents that had been read carried the mind back to his labours, and the laboura of those who worked with him — affording1 us matter alike for conaolation as to what had been done, and encouragement to go on with the work that iB still before us. (Hear, hear.) And if in speaking of those who in years past had worked and laboured for this building, he ventured to single out one in particular, that was not because he desired for one moment to depreciate the labours of others, but rather to bear public testimony to the fact that the name of the great Archbishop Vaughan stood out in giant relief amongst the number of workers. (Applause.) He threw himself into this work immediately after his arrival, and taught them how easy it was to give, and what a noble object this Cathedral wa3 to give to. (Applause.) He it was who by his great labours lightoned ours (Applause.) He it was who by his great sacrifices in this frork showed us how small were our sacri fices in following hia lead. Encouragement might be obtained from the report and state ment inasmuch as, .csotly as that Cathedral had boon, the report showed that it was free from debt. It was a matter of history that in 1882, at the close of tho great triduum, tho work was then practically out of debt. He did not say it as a boast, yet it was a fact that the large amount which had been expended was subscribed by the masses of our Catholic people, subsidized by the liberality and generosity of friends of other do nominations. (Applause.) But the^ great fact ?which he desired to point out was this — that the amount had not beon the result of any large donations. It was the result of the pence, shil lings and pounds— the comparatively small con tributions ' of the masses of tho people. The Catholic denomination in proportion to its numbers had always embraced fewer persons of great wealth than possibly any other sect. And therefore when we had it on record that nearly ,£100,000 had been collected and spent on the cathedral, it spoke eloquently for the generosity and self-sacrifice of the Catholic people who had worked for years past in building this great structure. '(Applause.) They had _ mot not not only to review the past but to devise means for carrying on this building to its next stage of completion. And without in the alightest degree desiring to encroach on the province of those ?who were to move subsequent resolutions he might be permitted to add something to what he had already said. The first thought that occurred to one in carrying out this great structure to its next stage was, what did its great founder desire and what did ho intend ? He intended to build a Cathedral ; he did not intend to erect an unfinished or unsightly structure without . even a decent roof upon it. And his successor had endeavoured to carry out the design in its entirety. Archbishop Vaughan would never have been satisfied to allow this building to remain in its present state. It was said at the time that the people wanted a rest. That was perfectly true. But they had now had nearly five years' rest, and it was time that something should be done to complete the northern gable. They had been relieved of nearly half the cost of the work by several large bequests that had been made. The question now was, had not the time arrived for carrying the work on to its second great stage ? He believed that had Archbishop Vaughan lived he would have been the first to urge on its com pletion. The late Archbishop had often experi enced great inconvenience on account of the nature of the roof, and on one occasion the ser vices of the Church had to be discontinued owing to the noise caused by the rain. (At this point a heavy shower of rain broke over the building and rendered for a time the speaker's voice almost inaudible.) He continued : He had ample ex perience of the] inconvenience from this cause, and they had the same inconvenience at that moment. (Laughter.) The learned gentleman concluded an interesting speech by formally seconding the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried unani mously. The Eight Hon. Mr. Dalley, who was called on to move the second resolution, was received with loud applause. He said I have been requested to submit to this meeting this resolution : — ' That this meeting haying heard with much pleasure that the Cardinal and the leading Catholic citizens in a preliminary meeting assembled, have resolved on the completion of the northern portion of the Cathedral down to the central tower as a cen tennial memorial, cordially approves of the under taking and pledges itself to a nearty and generous co-operation in every project set on foot by his Eminence for the purpose of raising the necessary funds, and also agree that a subscription list be now opened.' I think, my Lord Cardinal, it was a happy inspiration to connect the Catholic cele bration of our century's history with the great work which it is proposed to enter upon in taking steps to complete the sacred building which will fee in time to come perhaps the fairest and noblest and most enduring memorial of our civilization. (Applause.) It is undoubtedly an ambitious effort of generosity and sacrifice ; and it is made at a time when all kinds of calls and demands upon our means and sympathies are made on all sides. But your experience, my Lord Cardinal, of Australian Catholics has been, though brief in time, sufficiently large and comprehensive in results to make your ambition safe in undertaking so magnificent a memorial. We seem to live, my Loid, in a year of glorious celebrations. (Ap plause.) The first of them to us as Catholics is that of the priestly jubilee of our Holy Father, the spiritual chief of more than 200 millions of Christians — (applause) — a cele bration which sees his supreme pontifical authority more widely and deeply and lovingly reverenced, more implicitly obeyed, and his in fluence among the nations and over the peoples of the world more practically and universally recognized than it has been for more than three centuries. (Applause.) For it has been reserved to him to resume at the invitation of mankind in these days the sublime functions of peaceful mediation which were once the glory of his spiritual empire, and to stand once more before the world as the first arbitrator in the eternal interests of peace and justice among the nations. (Hear, hear.) So that even tome of those who strive in vain to weaken the foundations of his throne now beseechingly look up to him who sits upon it to judge and determine some of the most deeply interesting and perplexing questions of human statesmanship. (Applause.) And those who are supplicating Heaven and labouring on earth for the unspeakable blessings of an European disarmament, feel that he who has no personal ambition to gratify, and no purpose to serve, but give peace to the world, can be alone, under Heaven, the instrument of a disbanding of the armed millions of nations. (Loud ap plause.) This is the first of our jubilees. Another is one that we are celebrating as citizens, with as much heartiness, loyalty, and af fection aB any of our fellow-citizens throughout the Empire— the jubilee of the reign of our Gracious Sovereign. (Loud applause.) We live, I say, in an age of glorious celebrations, and in that of our arrival at the end of a hundred years of a national existence it will be impossible for us to erect a grander memorial of what we, as Catho lics, have been privileged to accomplish than this which we propose to undertake towards the com pletion of a structure which will universally pro claim our faith, our munificence, and our sacrifice. (Applause.) It has been, my Lord Cardinal, your great function to familiarize us with tho realization of many great and ambitious projects of your o^n. It may not be out of place on an occasion of this kind to take a rapid glance at what you have ac tually accomplished since you have been called to occupy your present position. You have intro duced and given a home to the Vincentian Fathers at St. Augustine's at Balmain, the Fathers of the Sacred Heart at Eandwick and iBotany, the Irish Christian Brothers at Balmain East and the Brothers of St. Patrick at Eedfern, the Sisters of our Lady of the Sacred Heart at Botany, the Carmelite Nuns at the Warren at Cook's Eiver, the Nursing Sisters at Petersham and the Little Sisters of the Poor at the Home for tho Aged Poor at Leichhardt. Tour expendi ture for various religious purposes has been, I think, during the period to which I refer, almost unexampled for such a population as ours through out the world. In the erection of 23 new churches there has been an expenditure of ,£51,950. On ten church-schools there has been spent £13,500. On the erection of 14 Catholic schools there has been an expenditure of .£107,020. The building of 24 convents has cost .371,700. Fifteen presbyteries have been built at a cost of .£22,320. .Eight charitable institutions have cost ,£24,900. ~*iio that, irrespective or several great undertak ings which are not included in these figures, you have expended on religious undertakings -£291,540 ; and this you have dono in a country which is said to have been suffering from a serious financial deficit and much commercial embarrassment. You are building palaces for religious education amidst scenes of 'unrivalled beauty, and of proportions which even in the oldest nations of Europe would challenge admira tion. But that woik upon which we are more immediately engaged came to you by inheritance. We owe the labour of its progress towards com pletion to those who have carried it out go far and so successfully. It speaks not only or us, but of those who have gone before us. It is their memorial as it is ours. And we build it that they as well as we may be remembered in it for ever. (Hear, hear.) Whatever is touching, noble, and unselfish in our re ligious history in Australia is associated with this holy and historical spot. (Applause.) Here were laid the solid foundations trpoi'j which a structure has been built which is to day one of the glories of our time. No efforts that we can be called upon, to make will approach those heroic ones which were made by those who first laid on this spot the corner-stone of Catholi cism in this hemisphere. (Applause.) The spot is consecrated by sacrifice. The least sensitive, in contemplating it, feels with the poet in looking upon the impressive scenes of Imperial Eorue be neath the moonlight that, . . . . Tho placo Becomes religion and tho hoart runs o'er With silont worship of the groat of old ! (Applause.) For in our sad history they, the poor trembling banda of Irish exiles who crept from their cells and their taskmasters to labour here, and who sanctified this spot, were to us ' the great of old/* (Applause.) And we are building their memorial. Let us make it worthy of their faith and of our own liberality. (Applause.) As I sat and listened to-night to the enumera tion of benefactors, dead and living, who have during these later years made this building beautiful for ever, some of them here now in your Eminence's presence, and some no longer with us save in the memories which they have embalmed by their devotion and their generosity — (hear, hear) — I thought of the olden and now almost forgotten times when the most sau guine and hopeful would not dare to trust their imaginations to body forth the beauty of the scenes about us. And I could not help feeling all the more tenderly towards the memory of those devoted creatures, whose very names are unknown to us, and of whom we only know that they laboured in suffering and bitter poverty and dis couragement. (Hear, hear.) Our work in these days of siinshine, of glorious freedom, of sympathy on all sides, of abundant moans and of a blessed liberality of sentiment, which leads those to help us in adorning this temple who will not use it as a house of prayer — I say our work is an easier one. (Loud applause.) It is still a great one, and it is this noble work which I have the happiness to commend to the sympathies and support of this meeting, which I do by proposing this resolution. (Loud, applause.) The Van. Archpriest Sheehy said,— -When I received yesterday the summons to attend this meeting, I feared that it would be impossible for me to avail myself of the privilege of taking part in it on occount of the inclemency of the weather ; but to-day when I left Wollongong, I felt that my duties here would be very light when I saw that I had to follow gentlemen like Judge Faucett, Dr. Donovan, and my friend Mr. Dalley. There can be no question, I am sure, with either the clergy or the laity, as to the desirability of entering upon this work, and no one present to night can have any misgiving as to the result. I saw in the report which has been read for you the history of this new Cathedral from the beginning and the statements of its cost, and my mind went back to the time when the first St. Mary's was thought of and designed by the Venerable Father Therry. (Applause.) I looked up some docu ments which I thought were in my possession, and which I now hold in my hand, giving the first financial statement made with regard to the old St. Mary's. It was made by Father Therry, and the amounts were published in the year 1822, and were given in the Freeman's Journal of last week. It shows the expeudibure to have been ,£1325 5s 10|yd — (laughter) — and the amount re ceived from all sources .£1325 10s 10 Ad. Another statement was made in 1824, during which year the expenditure was .£2602, aud then we have lists of thosi* who contributed that money, which came in ^ mat part from the freed men and soldiers. Thc-y came forward in such a manner as encouraged hhe Venerable Father Therry to undertake this H'ork, and enabled him to enter into a contract for so many more thousand pounds. Now, there can be no doubt that the work proposed should be done. 1 will go back to the very beginning, as I have here proofs of the efforts made by that great apostolic man in those days. He proposed to build a Ca tholic chapel, and he asked the aid of the then representative of his Majesty. And here is his reply: — 'The Governor has to acknowledge the receipt of the Eev. Mr. Therry's note of yester day's date, and in. reply begs to acquaint him that he shall have much pleasure in attend ing at the ceremony of laying the first stone of the Eoman Catholic chapel on Monday ni-xl;, the 29fch instant, at the hour of one o'clock. Tuesday, October 23, 1821.' These are invaluable records, and they deserve to be enshrined among the archives of this Cathe dral, and I shall have much pleasure in handing them over to his Eminence. Mention has been made of assistance given by others than Catholics to thiSj noble pile, and here I hold in nay hand a special list given by non-Catholics, tt is headed a ' list of the Protestant subscrip tions to the erection of a Eoman chapel in Sydney.' The amount is not very large ; but i there are names amongst tho subscribers which are still known to you, and many of them are his torical in this colony. And then I have another list of subscriptions, made in 1824 to Father Therry's Easter Dues. Tho amount is only .£28, and this at a time when Father Therry was the sole priest of the colony. (Laughter.) Certainly he must have had very great faith to undertake the. large work which he did. He not only under took to build St. Mary's, but he brought it almost to completion. He was looked upon, as little better than a madman when ho undertook tho work; but he proved that he was not mistaken in his estimate of the people with whom he had to deal. Between that church of Father Therry's and the pre sent one there was an intervening one. The church which he designed had proved too small, and another was designed to take its place, and a portion of it was built about 40 years ago. Some here will remember — although there are not mauy present who' were here when the foundation-otone was laid. I must call to mind the efforts of the committee who laboured from the beginning for this Cathedral. I cannot forget those who worked under Archbishop Polding and Dean O'Connell— Mr. Curtis, Mr. Mullins, Mr. Campbell, Mr. M'Nab, and others. I remember these men, Sunday evening after Sunday evening, standing at the entrance of the church with Dean O'Connell at the table until the church was out of debt. It is well to bring these things before us in order that we may have the history of St. Mary's from the beginning to the present time. I would take advantage of many being here to night to say one word more. A committee will be formed, and it will devolve upon them to con sider what plan will be adopted before send ing persons out to collect. .. I [know that the former practice created a great deal of dissatis faction in the country districts. I think the col lections would be much more successful in these districts if some priest a stranger to them were sent down. In many districts a ofaange priest would be much more successful than one residing there. Of course I am willing on all occasions to do my beat, but I think that a priest who is a stranger to my district would do far botter. (Ap plause.) The resolution was carried by acclamation. Mr. Thomas Dalton, M.P., in an able speech moved the third resolution, as follows : — ' That the special thanks of this meeting be hereby ac corded to 'the clergy and collectors, and to the subscribers (of all denominations) who, in re sponse to his Eminence the Cardinal's appeal, have so generously contributed to the Cathedral Building Fund.' The Venerable Archdeacon Eigney seconded the resolution. It was hie privilege to be engaged in the work of the diocese longer than any priest in the colony, and longer, he believed, than any priest alive. (Applause.) Indeed, he did not know whether there was a single Catholic present who remembered old St. Mary's the first day he officiated within its walls. The very rev. gentleman proceeded to give an in teresting retrospective view of old St. Mary's and of the efforts that had been made since the days of Father Therry to erect a suitable Cathedral for the Arohdiocese. The resolution was carried. Mr. T. M. Slattery moved the fourth reso lution, and in doing so he announced that the collection that evening amotmted to ,£2840, and that the coinmitteo had .£4522 in hand to start work with. This is the resolution: — 'That the following gentlemen be elected uieni bers of the general committee : — Messrs. Henry Austin, J.P., J. B. Barlow, J. Burn, Wm. Brady, Eo Butcher, W. C. Browne, J.P., A. J. Brady, E. M. Byrne, Captain Byrnes, John Baxter, George Brown, Thos. H. Browne, J.P., John Bridge, C. A. Benbow, T. Butler, P. Brophy, David Brown, Dr. Brownless, B. Byrnes, Walter Coonan, E. Coppinger, M.D.,E.N., Dr. Collins, Dr. Canny, Owen Carroll, W. Cracknell, John Coghlan, Michael Cullen, J. J. Curran, J.P., C. A. Coghlan, LL.D., F. Cahill, James Carroll, J.P., M. J. Clune, M.D., Dr. T. B. Clune,M. J. Conlon, J. M. Curtis, M. Candrick, J. A. B. Cahill, P. Cantwell, Ed ward Campbell, M.A., T. Dalton, M.P., Dr. John Donovan, B.L., J. Dynon, the Eight Hon. W. B. Dalley, Q.C., G. Dalton, M.A., E. J . Dunford, George Day, M.P., M. Downey, W. Edmunds, LL.B., W. F. Edmunds, E. G. Ellis, H. Egan, F. B. Freehill, M.A., M. Fay, M. Fleming, C. A. Farrell, LL.B., E. F. Flanagan, M. Fennelly, E. O'Farrell, John D. Fitzgerald, Andrew Fitzgerald, T. Fogarty, W. Fuller, J. J. Gilchrist, B. Gaffney, P. Geoghegan, J. P. Garvan, M.P., John Hourigan, J.P., William Hughes, J.P., W. J. Hickey, P. J. Hourigan, James Horan, C. G. Heydon, B.L., John Hughes, P. Ho gan, J.P., E. J. Hollingdale, L. F. Heydon, P. Hayes, Alderman Hart, Edward Heaton, Thomas Hughes, Valentine Heaton, M. Hickey, Dr. Har ney, Sir P. A. Jennings, K.C.M.G., Kearey Brothers, P. Keeshan, T. Kelohor, Thomas Keary, Dr. Keenan, P. E. Larkin, John Lawler, P. J. Laoy, G. C. Loughnan, T. Lawless, A. Lysaght, M.P., John M'Elhone, M.P., B. M'Bride, F. M'Donald, H. M. Makinaon, W. F. M'Der mott, A. M'Naniara, P. MacMahon, J.P., J. L. Mullins, M.A., F. S. M'Dermott, John M'Laughlhi, W. H. MfCarthy, J. M'Grath, J. McGuinness, Jno. M'Evoy, L. T. Melliu, M. M. M'Girr, T J. Murray, J.P., John Mason, B. Mulroney, J. Mulroney, Wm. McDonald, J. McDonald, R. M'Auley, Dr. M'Donagh, W. M'Cafferv, M'Mahon, J. F. M'Donall, F. J. McCarthy, M.A., A. M'Donall, John Maloney, Dr. Chas. Maher, E. A. Norris, W. Odillo Maher, M.D., O. McCarthy, M.D., W. P. Manning, P. Milford, M.D., J. B. Magney, A. M'Govisk, J. P. M'Orory, T. M'Grath; D. O'Connor, M.P., William O'Keefe, J. G. O'Connor, J. B. Olliffe, P. O'Doud, J. G. O'Eyan, B.L., T. C. O'Mara, M.P., C. O'Neill, Dr. K. I. O'Doherty, Captain O'Sullivan, E. E. O'Connor, M.A.,B.L.,Dr. O'Planagan, J. O'Sullivan, Stephen Punch, Captain Punch, F. Punch, James Parle, John Puroell, E, Prpndergast, Dr. Pratt, M. Quin lan, J. Eyan, E. J. Rubie, J. J. Eubie, P. T. Eiley, A. Eiley, A J. Eiley, E. Eamsden,T. M. Slnttory, M.P., J. J. Spruson, Philip Sheriden, Michael Shalvey, P. Stanley, J.P., F. Smith, S. J. Salter, E. Sheridan, W. Sherlock, Sir Edward Strickland, K.C.B., W. Stnythe, J. T. Toohey, J. Toohey, M, P., W. W. Tarleton, B.L., W. W. Wardell, John Williamson, J. L. Watldns, B.L., A. Watkins J Cyril Weale, J. Walsh, W. Whitehair, T. Wil liamson, William Walshe, M. Waltz, J. D. Young, J. Young, and all the Priests of the Archdiocese] That the following gentlemen be elected mem bers of the Finance Committee : — His Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop, the. Very Eev. the Vicar General, the Cathedral Priests, and the Senior Priests of City Churches, with Messrs. M. J. Conlon, John J. Donovan, LL.D., E. O'Farrell, A. Fitzgerald, M. Fleming, Valentine Heaton' W. J. Hickey, J. Horan, William Hughes, J.P., ? John Hughes, P. E. Larkin, J. Lawler, W. p! Manning, J. L. Mullins, M.A., J. M'Evoy, A. M'Govisk, E. A. Norris, J. O'Sullivan, P. T. Eiley, T. M. Slattery, M.P., and J. J. Spruson. That his Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop, the Very Eev. the Vicar-General, William Hughes, Esq., J.P., and E. A. Norris, Esq., be the Honorary Treasurers for the ensuing year ; and that the Very Eev. Denis F. O'H'aran, D.D., and John L. Mullins, Esq., M.A., be the Honorary Secreta ries.' Mr. W. P. Manning, who was well received, seconded the resolution. He thought that the committee would derive considerable encourage ment from the figures just read out by Mr. Slattery. The work would be one of great responsibility, and it was very gratifying indeed that the laity had come forward so generously on that occasion. Tho resolution was unanimously carried. Mr. A. J. Eiloy, M.L.A., Mayor of Sydney, said, — I am sure I shall consult your Eminence's con venience and that of this large audience by mak ing my remarks at this time of the evening as brief as possible. I have the fifth resolution to move. It is one that comes last, but on the present occasion, it is one of very great imi^ortance. Tho resolution is as follows : — ' That the cordial thanks of this meeting be awarded to his Emi nence the Cardinal-Archbishop for presiding.' Before speaking to it I should like to offer my thanks to the committee who invited me here to night. There are many things for congratulation in connection with this meeting, and notwith standing the inclemency of the weather, the attendance has been large, and the tone of; the speeches has been all that could be desired. Very old memories have been called up ; many honoured names have been mentioned ; and not the least gratifying circumstance has been the grand result of the collection. I am also pleased at the reference made to the generosity of persons of other denominations, not only of late, but, as I well remember, at that eventful gathering in one of the theatres of the city at the time of the lamentable destruction of the old Cathedral. The keynote was struck throughout the community at the time, and everyone felt called upon to subscribe something to replace the old monument. We are now assembled within the walls of the building, the expenses of which were generously subscribed to by all classes. I take this as an augury for the futuro, — that not only the Catholic people will contri bute, as they have always contributed towards the erection of churches, but that there will be some claim by precedent to look to those of other de nominations to help in raising a monument (that will be second to none- in the colony) of our great Centennial celebration. (Applause.) I stand here, to-night in my position as Mayor of thig city (applause), and representing all classes of citizens. I am proud to be here and proud also if the sentiments that I utter to-night will in fluence some of our more wealthy citizens to come forward to help on this great monument, which even in its partial completion we are all proud of. (A.pplause.) As the evening is growing late, I shall simply conclude by reading the resolu tion. Mr. D. O'Connor, M.P., seconded the resolution in a speech of great eloquence. The Mayor put the resolution, which was unani mously carried. His Eminence briefly and suitably replied, and the proceedings terminated. 