THE CRADOCK HOAX. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I will trouble you for a little space for the last letter I shall write to you on this miserable subject. Firstly, respecting Mr. Schultz, the father of the girl. His state- ment that I put smelling salts on the ther- mometer is untrue. I can produce witnesses to prove that I did not. The questions I asked in French were— 'Had you a little piece of bread to-day?' The knocker an- swered, ' Yes.' I asked next how old I was, It knocked four. I then said ' Won- derful ! Exactly so,' &c;, &c.; On every occasion that I took sealed questions the 'ghost' refused to answer. I defy Mr. Schultz to say I am afraid to be by the child's side, and I defy him to bring his child under my tests to act as medium any more. He knows the whole thing is a miserable imposition, and proves his complicity by telling deliberate untruths. Why did he threaten the child if she talked to me? Why did he keep her away from school until Mr. Evans had departed? Why did he take her away from Blackrock after stating that he intended leaving her here when he was misled into thinking me a believer in the stupid manifestations? My statements in the last letter are true, despite the hallucinations of Mr. Healy. The night I caught hold of the child's hand by slipping my hand along the bedclothes was a night or two before I sprinkled the floor with lampblack, so that if I blackened her hand that night she couldn't have been washed for two days. And if they can prove she was washed that will prove I didn't do the black- ing— Q.E.D. And now, Sir, a word or two about Mr. Healy's letter. Against his state- ment about the box-rapping I can produce three witnesses to substantiate my statement. His auditory apparatus must be a curious one, as he, by his own statements, couldn't hear raps that three other persons could and did ; whilst he claims on another occasion to have heard raps that other persons could not hear. But perhaps the best way to explain this is to draw attention to his idiosyncrasy. I can prove in the most positive manner that Mr. Healy on the night he claims to have been so astute was actually asked to be quiet and give people a chance of investigating the affair, when he answered it would take two men and a boy to hold his tongue. True, he was sitting on a box, but why was he sitting? His idiosyncrasy will explain. In reference to this, if the case is heard in Court, I and several others are ready to show that Mr. Healy was not a competent witness on that night, and I will give him a crossexami- nation that will prove it. I don't wish him to refresh my memory. All my notes are on paper, and ready for reference. Can these four witnesses deny that lamp- black was on the child's hand? I will swear with these four that whilst I was present the child was calm, but I will also state that when I had shut the door and was in the mine room as these four I heard the child knock and said 'Hark.' Schultz said ' There it is. No ! I don't think it. Those knocks was only the wind.' On that same night I proved to Mr. Rodeghiero, as fairly as any one needed, that the child was shamming sleep. As to my preparations with sealed letters I did it for the purpose of proving that no answer could be given correctly to such questions, and I never could get an answer when I took these questions. The tablet for spirit- writing was a trap that Mr. Healy wasn't smart enough to see through. The figures onthe floor were one of the best proofs that the child was awake and aching, for I had led the child to think I was a con- federate, and had explained the whole thing to her beforehand. I was to give her a gentle press, and she was to sway her finger the same number of times. So Mr. Evans made figures on the floor and I pressed her the right number of times, and then she wagged her finger the same number of times. This is what we meant when we said that she was open to sugges- tions, and was- evidently shamming sleep. The reason I did not want to have my names appended to Mr. Evans's report was that I wanted to wait until I had more positive proof to explain how the child knocked. My last letter contains an account of the matter, hence I don't repeat it in this letter. In reference to knocks coming after the child had phosphorus on her hands, I will refer to Mr.Opie and Mr. Williams, of Petersburg. I have seen those gentlemen, and they are prepared to say that after I put phosphorus on the child's hands, and tucked them outside the bed, no more raps were heard by them. In reference to Mr. Healy's state- ment that I asked him not to contra- dict me, I told him that he had better not write any more about the 'ghost,' as if he did I should have to call his statements in quiestion. It was Mr. Evans's thoughtfulness about injuring me, and Mr. Healy's memory must fail him. I shall have an opportunity of seeing whether this surmise was true. I hope that the child and father will get justice, but I am very much afraid that if they do it will not be of a complimentary nature. I consider the whole a misexable farce. — I am. Sir, &c.; , W. A. JONES. [The discussion must end here. — Ed.] 