NEWS OF THE DAY. THE debate in the Legislative Assembly upon Mr. Dibbs's motion condemning the financial policy of the Government was resumed yesterday evening, and carried on until after 11 o'clock, when an adjournment of both the debate and the House until Tuesday was agreed upon. The Government desired a division last night, and had a largo array of supporters in at- tendance ; but not wishing to interfere unnecessarily with meinbors of tho Opposition who have not jet spokonand yvanttoaddiesstliellousaon thequestion.they consented to an early adjournment. Tho debato under ordinary ciicunistnnees should liuve boon adjourned until to-day ; but tho Governmont yvera averse to this, as a number of their supporters purpose, leaving totrn to-day for the country. Jn all probability the debate yyill be closed on Tuesday, and the Government ex- pect a large majority. IN the course of the debato on tho motion of censure in the Legislative As- embly last evening, Mr. Abbott remarked that the Government, having decided to abolish the rabbit subsidy, ought to dispense willi tho staff of officers employed in llieiidminislration of the Rab- bit Act, which entailed a cost upon tho country of snmo ,thing like £12,000 or £18,000 a year. Wo understand the Government proposals for dealing with tho rabbit nuisance, while providing for tho adoption of a moro effectual system of foxteimmation will render unneces- sary the services of the gieaier part of the statt' now employed in what is known 33 tho Rabbit Branch of the Mines Department. The extent ol' tho reduction con- templated in the number of the officials has not jet been decided ; but it is thought, in vioyv of Hie fact that there will bo little necessity for interfering with the I lessees under the new conditions in their manner of ] destruction, the number of inspectots requiiod will bo far less than heretofore. SEVERAL questions on the subject of the right of the public to free admission to the Domain yyere put to the Colonial Seeretary, by Mr. M'Elhone, in the Legislativo Assembly yesterday. Sir Homy Tarifes read a report from Mr. Superintendent Head, addrossod to the Inspodor-6 euora! of Police, in which Mr. Jtead stated, respecting tho Ja_ exhibition of firoyvorks by Mr. Pain, that the officers in charge of tho"polite on duty at the display kueyy nothing of the circumstance of persons being thrust outside tho gal03 hy a constable when they had refused to pay for admission into the Domain. Tho polico yvore specially instructed not to prevent tho admission of persons who objected to pay, as all persons have tho right of access to the Domain at all reasonable hours fice of chaige. NoTyviTHSTAxnisn the growing conviction that the Government will abandon the bill for ohauging the name of tho colony from Noiv South Wales to Aus- tralia, Mr. J. P. Abbott, in li ia desire to oppose the measure as much as possible, has given notico in the Assembly of a motion which may at least give the Premier's proposition n parting kick. Tlis motion is set doyvn in the business paper for Tuesday next, and it will ask for leave " to bring in a bill to confer on tho colony tho naine of 'The World,' and to make constitutional,and legal provision for, or in respect of, all changes in designation or titlo consequent thereon." AN interesting point of ordor was raised by Mr. Wall, member for Mudgee, in tho Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon, yvith respect to the reductions pro- posed by the Govemmont in tho salaries of the Oivil* servants. Mr. Wall asked the Speaker to rulo whether it yvas competent for the House to deal with tho Esti- mates, as submitted by the Government, before the Civil Setvico Act, wbioh provided for' the increases that the Estimates (lid ayvay yvith, yvas yvholly repealed. Under the Civil Porvico Act, ilr. Wall argued, tho Civil Servants wore entitled to certain increases in tboir Bal-tríos, which had become statutory, and it yva«, therefore, not competent for Ministers to deal yvith thom as they had dealt yvith them in tho present Estimates. The Speaker.declined to give a ruling upon the point, as it yvas raised, ho said, at tho yvrong time, the quostion before tho House being not the Estimates, but an expression of opinion as to tho wisdom of certain alterations in the Estimates. The Attoinoy-General, however, drew the attentrbn of tho House to tho fact that last year a bill yvas parsed which repealed the yvholo of tho Oivil Servico Act, so far as it relatad to a classification of officers and to inoreases in salaries ; and he contended that independently of that it yvas competent for tho Government to reduco the Falaiies. 'Hie point will probably bo brought forward again when tho Estímalos are under consideration in detail. MR. Sr.AV_R has given notico that ho will move in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday noxt,-" That, unless otherwise ordered, this House shall, during tho remainder of tho present Bession, moot for tho dospatch of business at - o'clock p.m., instead of 3 o'clock as at present." It will bo remembered that at tho commence- ment of the session the hour of meeting yyas fixed at 3 o'clook instead of 4, on the understanding that the House would sit only three days a week, and in the hope that the change would facilitate the conduct of business. Since then an additional sitting day has boen granted, and the extra hour each day has beon continued ; hut, in tho opinion of Mr. Seaver and a large number of members on both sides oLtho House, the ottra hour has. served no useful purpose, and as it greatly inconveniences those who have to attend to thejr business affairs in the city, it has been thought well, in the interests of all concerned, to make an effoit to revert to the old practice of meeting at 4 o'clock. ' Mr. Seaver has reason to beliove that he will receive such support as will enable him to carry his motion. Tren Premior has received a.communication from the Military Department ol' tho' Government of India, enclosing for general information a memorandum on preserved meats, with a request that it may' bo pub- lished in the colonial nowBpapers as extensively as possiblo. Tho memorandum, which is signed by Colonel li. P. Hawkes, Couimissary-Genoral in-Chief in India, statps that in consequoneo of the lavourablo leports íeceived regarding tho Australian and New Zealand preserved meats, the Government of India intend that the future requirements of tho military authorities thora should, whenever, possible, bo mot by importation fiom the colonies. In describ- ing the " circumstances under which a demand for tinned moats would aiiso, Colonel Hawkes says: " It is very desirable that colonial snippers should bear in mind that tho regular demand for tinned meats in India does not exceed 850,0001b. annually. It would only be in anticipation, or in thp event of the actual outbreak of war, that wo Bhould require ad- ditional supplies of pieserved provisions. Mean- while *\o aie glad to enter into corres- pondence with Australian and New Zealand Arras, to register in this office the quantities which could be readily turned out monthly by caeh establishment, and the prices at which the meat could bo delivered at cither llombay or Calcutta, free of all extra charge, so that in tho event of a sudden demand, orders could be sent by wire at the shortest notice. Several firms have proposed to send us samples. These will be carefully tried by experienced officers, and the opinions formed thereon w ill be recorded confidentially in this office for tutuie guidance. It is manifest that such samples should be of the quality which wo might confidently expect to íeceive in compliance with oiders. Tho samples need only bo of very moderate sire. Supplies specially pre paied for the use of officers, Src, are quite useless to us. On field service the officer receives exactly the same ration as the soldier. The only kinds of meat reqniied aro tinned unsalted beef and tinned unsaltcd mutton. Corned, or similar meat containing salt, is not suitable for issue in India. Tho relativo proposions of beef and mutton reqnnod on each order will be specified at the time, but six-sevenths beef and one seventh mutton nre the usual proportions." Particulars aro given lospecling tho size of tins, tho manner in which the packing ought to bo performed, and commu- nications addicssod. Tiri: following deputations will he received by the Tiemior to-day:-Philatelic Society, regaiding the designs for the new postage stamps ; Mr. ft> 0. Ghost and others, respecting, a branch of ihe Boyal Naval Reserve, and certificates gianted by the Marino Board ; the manager and others connected with the Centennial . band contest, to ask for assist- ance to enable bandsmen from tho other colonies to competo at tho Centennial band contest ; íesidents at Campbelltown, intioduced by Mr. M'Court, M.L.A., regarding local íequirements j aod Messrs. Jeannpiet and Garland in connection with the Blayney showyard; the Mayor and Sir liclward Strickland and the New Guinea Exploration Committee, to ask for aid for further exploration. Tho Minister for Works will receivo the following deputations :-Tho Mayor and aldermen of Kogarah, with reference to the subway under tho Illawarra line ; residents in the Bourke district, with reference to the Brewarrina Ballway ; tho Lambton Municipal Council, rogarding the repairs to the main roads. A deputation, consisting of residents in tho vicinity of Drummoyne Park, will wait upon the Minister for Lands regarding the exten- sion of tho present limit of tho proclamation of water frontages at Drummoyne Parle, and the lease of the jetty there. The Minister for Mines will receive a deputation from the Lambton Municipal Council, who will ask for a park for Lambton. A doputition of Western pastoralists will wait upon the Minister for Mines regarding; the rabbit question. . Tnr. Government, wo understand, have agreed to proclaim the Satuiday before Christmas Day a public holiday. This will enable many porsons to enjoy the Christmas season away from business from Friday night until "Wednesday morning, as tho Monday and Tuesday following Cluistmas Day aro holidays under the Bank Holiday Act THE friends of Mr. William Ridley, of the Govern- ment Statistician's Department, and formerly of the Registrar-General's Department, will be pained to hear of an accident which befell that gentleman. On Satur- day last, in company with Mr. Sidney Pile, a party of ladies and gentlemen from Sydney and Mel- bourne were visiting tho Jenolan Caves, when Mr. Ridley suddenly fell over a precipice a distance of about 70ft., fracturing his skull and several of his ribs and breaking an arm. As soon as possible assistance was procured and the injured gentleman taken from the place into which he had fallen to com- fortable quarters and placed under surgical treatment. This morning Mr. Ridley's condition was somewhat better, and be had regained consciousness, and it is hoped in about a few days that it will be possible to remove him to Mount Victoria. WITH: rogaul to the opening of a road between Waterloo and the Band wick-road, thiough Moote Park, concerning which a' deputation waited on the Minister a fow days since, Mossts. Stephen and Schoy, < M'.L.A., have received a communication fiom tho department stating that the ro'ad in question would pass through land, the property of tho city, and vested in the Sydney Corporation as tiustees, and Hint the Ciown has no power to open the proposed load even should such a coutso be conQidoied desirable. The establishment of the roid would impose on the Sydney Corporation the duty of formation and main- tenance ; and, therefore, the applicants mo advised that they should book end obtain tho consent of the Cor- poration lief oie any action can be talton hy the Crown to mark the read. ' Tun election of Mayor of Sydney for next year takes place to-day, The aldermen will meet at noon with closed doors, to hold a ballot, the candidates being Aldeiman ,T. Harris and Alderman S. Burdekin, M.L.A. Tho ballot is expected to he close, hut will no doubt favour the former gentleman. Alderman Btu ' dekin has improved consideiably in health, but, in the event of his not being able to be present to volo for himself, he has requested his opponent to abstain from voting also. IT is understood that Mr. P. E. uogors, Mr. C. E. Pilcher, and Mr. J. H. Waht, barristers-at-law, have applied for silk, and that at the no\t meeting of the lîxceutivo they will bo appointed Queen's Counsel. I« will bo remembered that some time ago com iplaints voie made through tho pross of lanikinism and misbehaviour in Wentworth Park. i The Minister for Mines oidercd .inquiries to bo mado into the matter, and Sergeant James vGibbou9 has reported that he could not find that any ol' the inhabitants had noticed any such disreputable conduct on the part of larrikins as complained of; neither could ho find that any children had complained to their parents of any improper conduct or language hoard at the park. There were six constables employed at the park, three of whom weie special constables. The paik was a portion of a beat, and was paliolled regularly by tho police. On Sundays and days when cricket and football matches were played the police devoted moro of their time than usual. No complaints had beon made to the police about tho park for the last seven or eight months. IN Banco yesterday tho only case argued was Gorman v. Noi ton and another, which was a demurrer to the defendants' second plea. The ciicumstancos of the caso wero somewhat peculiar. As far back as 1880 tho plaintiff, who was then engaged as a Customs tide waiter, was perfoiming his duty on board tho Kenmuro Castle', at Circular Quay, when ho was injured, and believing that the injuries wore due to the negligence of tho captain of tho vessel, ho initiated the necessary pro- ceedings at law in order to recover compensation. As the captain of the vessel was about to leavo the colony, and would probably not return, plaintiff also gave instruc- tions for obtaining a writ of ea re against him. Tho defendants, Messrs. Norton and Smith, who wero the captain's solicitors, upon this wrote to Messrs. Slattory and Hoydon, who woie acting for plaintiff, suggesting that the claim should bo submitted to arbitration, and stating that thoy undertook on behalf of the captain to pay any sum that might be awarded against him, the letter being simply siirned "Norton and Smith," and not as agents for the captain of the 1 _ arbitrator ayvarded £80, which the ¡jrc-i-nt (Men-ants refused to pay, alleging in their secondt pipa that they acted in tho ttansaction morely as o ¡rents, and woro not bound, and never intended to bind thei_<*elvcs, to be. como personally liable! To this plea the plaintiff demurred, and the Court, after hearing argument and a largo number of conflicting'cases, uphold tin* demurrer, and directed a verdict to bo entered for plaintiff, with costs. A OAsn arising out of tho Peat's Korry railway acci- dent carno bofoio the Jury Court yesterday. There yvas a largo array of counsel. Tho plaintiff, Prosper Boyvos, had sought tho assistance of Mr. Rogers and Dr. «Donovan, whilst the Govornment retained the Attorney-General, Mr. Salomons, Q.C., Mr. Ü. B. Stephen, and Dr. Sly. Plaintiff clnimedi £000 damages, but when the caso was called on'counsel consulted togothor, and finally announced that it bad boon settled. It is understood that Boyvo3 receives £130. 'Several other case3 aro talked of, but as the prosont claim yvas only a small one tho Government thought it yvould bo bettor to sottlo it than to fight it. In the caso of Mooro and others v. M'Kinlay and others, in tho Jury Court) tho Chief Justico, upon tho application of Mr. Rogers, alloived a nonsuit, his Honor having ruled that separate tio3passo3 against difforent persons had been proi 1, and not a joint trespass ngainst tho whole ot tho l-l defendants, as charged. In Divorce, several doorees nisi for dissolution of marriago were ruado absoluto, and issues wero^ also settled. Titi: Attorney-General has declined to filo a bill in the case of Annio Wylde, who yvas committed for trial at tho Water Polico Court on a charge of wilfully making falso statements as to the registration and birth of an infant. ' Tun prisonor Holt has been removod to Darlinghurst on the recommendation of the Government medical adviser, in order that he may be under Dr. MacLaurin's observation, as his health . has been repre- sented to be in a very bad state. It is not true-wo are informed-as has been reported, that inlluontial friends have been working hard for his release. The wife of Holt has been persistent in her efforts to induco the Minister for Justice to recommend her husband's release, but yyithout success. Ko far as the Minister for Justice is concerned ho lins issued no prohibitory orders with a view of preventing any facts becoming known regarding the prisoner, and no inquiries have been made of him concerning tno case. There is no immediate probability of tho prisoner being released. AT tho Central Criminal Court yesterday, bofovo his Honor Mr. Justice Innes, the trial of Abraham Gold- berg, charged yvith fraudulent insolvency, was rosumed, and brought to a close. After a most elaborate summing up on tho part of tho Judge, the jury retired to consider their verdict ntSOminuxos past 11 o'clock, and returned into court, after an absence of four hours and 40 minutes, with a verdict of guilty on tho first count of the indictment, that relating to cmbe/.-'ling tho monoys of his creditors; and not guilty on the second, that charging him yyith mutilating and falsifying his books. The jury loeommended him to mercy, lo which his Honor said ho should give due attention. Tho prisoner yvas remandod for sentonco until tho lGth instant, and in the monntimo tbo points roservod by his Honor, on tho application of prisoner's counsel,will bo argued bofoie the Full Court. Application yva-- made to admit G oldberg lo hail, but it was refused, and ho was removod in cus- tody. In connection with this case, Mr." Simpson, Q.O., has desired us to state that it yvas not ho yyho on tho previous day informed his Honor that the notes ho (his Honor) yvas reading of Macauley'o evidenco before the Insolvent Court yvere tho notes of the Chiof Com- missioner himself, but that the remark was made by another gentleman engaged in the trial. After tho juTy had retired in tho ease of Goldberg to consider .their verdict, the trial of William Delnforco for per- jury yvas proceeded with, and had not concluded yvhen the Court ro=o. In connection yvith this COEO, it yvas stated on the piovious day that it yvould probably not bo proceeded yvith in con=oqupnco of tho illness of ono of the yyitnesses, but this yyitness having considerably recovered it yvas resolved to proceed with the case. The jury in this trial expressed great reluctance to be locked up for the night. t THE sittings of Hie Metropolitan Court of Quarter Sessions yvero commenced at the District Court-houso yeslorday, before his Honor Mr. District Court Judge Docker. «Mr. Coffey conducted the piosecutions on bohalf of the Crown. - A number of undefended cases weio dealt yvith during the day, but they yvero for tho most part of an unimportant character. A list of tho ca=es dotvn for trial to-day appoara in another portion of tho paper. YnsiT.nDAy afternoon tho "Mayoress of Sydney (Mrs. Allan J. Riley) held her final reception in the Exhi- bition Building, prior to the Mayor's rotiromont from offne. The Exhibition Building yvas tastefully decorated for tho occasion' yyith flags, evergreen', &c;, and presented a very pretty appearance tho side aisles being screened off with bunting, and tho floor covered by carpets. The visitors entered by the south door, and, passing through the ante-room, were received near the entrance by tho Mayor and Mayoress. The" reception commenced at half-past 8, and thoro yvas a continuous stream of airivals until nearly 5 o'clock, probably over COO poisons being present, including most of the city aldermen, and" several members of Parliament. A number of chairs wore placed along the sides of the building, on which tho lady visitors yvero enabled to rest themselves, and enjoy a quiet chat, yvhilst listening to the excellent music played by Mr. Raiuford's Centennial Band,* which porfoimed (luting the afternoon. 'Refreshments of a suitable kind yvere provided by 'the Gunsler Catering' Company, and altogether the Mayoress's last reception proved a most successful one. AsuMBun of the 0-in. guns which oro to be mounted upon hydro-pneumatio carriages, and which artived from England a short time ago, are notvlying at Middle and George's Heads, at yvhiclt places sheds are baing en cted for their protection. The structure at Middlo Head is rapidly approaching completion, and yvhen finished it -will be used for the reception of some of the ö-in. guns and the nocessary stores, that is until the emplacements aro ready for theso yveopons. Six of' these jioyverful long-range guns, which ato' of tha latest type " of ordnance, are to be placed in position at Middle and Georgo's Heads as speedily as possible. It is intended to mount these guns in difiorent places al tho Heads, and this yvill have the effect of materially strengthening the existing batteries, as the weapons employed at tbo fortifications yvill, by reason of their being "scattered," or " spread out." bo less likely to be silnuced by the Uro from hostile ships than if they were placed in close proximity to each other. Attor tbo G-in. guns are mounted the sheds will bo utilised for the purpose of imparting a further knowledge of gunnery work to the officers and men attending tho School of Gunnory at Middle Head dming yvet weathor, or at' times when yvork in tho open air cannot be carried on. It yvas originally intended to place tho yybolo of those breech-loading guns and their shields under one large ßhed at George's Head, but a difficulty having arisen in obtaining a suitable site, Cokinol Roberts (tho officer commanding tbo artillery forces), yvith a vieyv to using the sheds after the weapons were placed in tho gun pits, advised that tyvo buildings sheuld bo erected, oach of which will prove useful for various purposes. The sheds will also be utilised for imparting instruction in the working of the various machines for mounting and dismounting pieces of ordnanco, &c;, to tho Volunteer Artillery during tho Easter encampments, and at other times yvhen the mon proceed lo tho Heads. Tnn City Council mot in committee of fin.nco yes- terday morning^the Mayor (Mr. A. J. Riloy, M.L.A.) being in the chair. Tho meeting was called principally for tbo purpose of passing the paj'-sheets' and opening tenders for yvorks. Other matters howoves, yvero brought up in an informal yvny. Alderman J. Harris alluded to the objectionable practico noyv obtaining - in the city of builders' materials being loaded and unloaded in the prinoipal streets in such a yvay as to be not only a great inconvenience to the public, but also a danger. Tho Mayor said they required a special bylayv to prevent this. Alderman J. D. Young called attention to the fact that the Agricultural Society yvero subletting the grounds in Mooro Park, yvhich wore lot to them by tho Corporation for tho nominal rental oí £10^ a-year, for the purpose of holding shows and exhibitions «nly. The Mayor said ho yvould instruct the Town Clerk lo remind tho society of tho terms of their agreement. ^ AT the monthly meeting of the Engineering Associa- tion last evening several now members yvero elected. It yvas resolved to pay a visit to the Hayvkesbury bridge works in January next; and a committee was appoiated to arrange a programme or plan of entertainment in connection with the centenary celebrations. Papers were read on Shone's system of «ewerago by Mr. J. a. Henson and Professor Warren, and the discussion on tho Fame was fixed for the next meeting of tho association. AT a representativo meeting of those eneaged in the wholesale produce business, which was hold yesterday, under tho pros_idoncy of Mr. M'Parlane, M.L.A., the question of inaugurating a Mutual Prôteotive Associa- tion was discussed. The main object in viow was, as is reported elsewhere, the protection of the trade from the unscrupulous inroads of persons who aro in tho habit of contracting debts recklessly. A provisional committee, consisting of nine gentlemen, was ap- pointed to draw up a roport, &c;, for submission to a future meeting. A jtEHTiNQ of tho friends of Edward Hanlan, the Canadian oarsman, was held at Her Majeity's Hotel last evening, Mr. II. M'Quado presiding, for tho pur- pose of making tho necessary arrangements for a _ tes- timonial to bo given to the Toronto man. A committeo was formed, and it was announced that £200 had been subscribed and promised up to date. A report will be found in our sporting columns. A MEKTixo of tho ladios' committeo for tho Womon's Tribute to Sir Ifoury Parkes was held at the Town nail yesterday afternoon, Mrs. J. P. Burns presiding. Owing to tho Mayoress's reception tho meeting was not so largolv attondod as usual. Lottors wero read from professional and amatour musicians, kindly offering their services for the grand feto to bo held on Wednes- day next, tho 14th, at the Äoyal Aquarium, Bondi. It was also proposed to offer prizes for skating and lawn tennis. _ * ' Tnr¡ thirteenth half-yearly meeting pf tho St. Joseph's'Literary and Debating Society was hold in tho schoolroom, Newtown, on Monday evening, Mr. Thomas Murphy in the chair. ' The secretary's report was read and adopted. ' Tho following officers wero elected for the ensuing half-year :-Patron, Rev. J. V. Fitzpatrick; presidont, Mr. Thomas Murphy (un- opposed) ; vice-presidents, Mr. 0-.' M'Cauley, Mr.' L. Dew, and Mr. .T. Delahunty, secretary. Mr. P. Pliegan ; treasurer, Mr. M. M'Euoroo ; editor, Mr. E. M'Encroo ; sub-editor, Mr. Konnedy. The half-yearly meeting was then adjourned, AN adjourned meeting of members of the New South Wales Trades and Labour Council was held last night. The principal business consisted of a discussion with regard to a contemplated Supreme Court test action in connection with the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund. A committee was appointed to further interview the solicitors into whose hands the carrying out of preliminary steps had been placed, with a view to a definite report as to probable expenses, &c.;, being obtained, for subsequent presentation to the council. The Typographical Asso- ciation submitted the copy of a resolution which that body had carried, approving of their delegates' protests against the appointment of Mr. John Norton to the board. The matter was allowed to stand over for consideration. IT is understood that, as a result of tho recent dis- play of Spawn's Climax Pruit and Vegetable Evaporat- ing Appaiatus, thero ris á probability of works being established in Sydney during tho ensuing fortnight. The patonteo proceeds to Melbourne to-night, and he is under, contract to forward ono of tho largest-sized machines for the desiccation of fruits, vegetables, meat, cocoanut, &o;, at once. Other machines of lesser drying surface aro to follow, and arrangements aro being made for the mutually profitable working of thom in the city, also in tho Par- ramatta district, and in other prominent fruit- growing localities. Several local capitalists have taken tho invention in hand, and it is intendod that a thoroughly practical test sholl be made, more particularly in the diiection of utilising to advantage the immense quan- tities of iruil which ato annually, allowed to run to waste and perish throughout the colony. YESTERDAY,afternoon, at Messrs. Dutton and Sons foundry, Hay-street, an experiment was tried with a salety air conductor, whioh has been lately patented by Mr. Grace. Thero was a good company prosont, in- cluding a number of gentlemenconncotod with themining department, or interested in coal-mining. The machino is intended for driving foul air from coal or gold mines, it can bo driven by an engino or windmill ; and it is claimed to be far moro efficient in its work than any other similnr machine. Several tests were made. Tho quantity of air passing through the machine was fully up to expectations, and the , invention was generally spoken of as a useful,one. , AMOXO our cable/ messagos published in yesterday's issuo it was staled that the Archbishop of Canterbury had convoked a conference rof representatives of the Church of England throughout the world, to be hold on tho 3rd of July next. The conférence hero referred te is what is commonly called tho Lambeth Conference, from the fact of its boing hold at Lambeth, England, and is constituted of bishops only, representing tho various blanches of the Church of England and the Episcopal Church, as it is called in Anwrica. This assemblage takes placo at tho expiration of evory 10 years, and tho foithcoming meeting will bo the third of its kind that shall have been held since tiró inception of tho organisation, somo 20 yeal s ago. Tho object for which these conferences are held is to enable the hoads of tho different branches of tho Church to deliberate on subjects of general interest affecting the welfare of the Anglican Churoh throughout the world. Snoim.Y nftev 1 p.m. yostordaj n small congregation assembled at St. James's Church, King-street, for mid- day service. The Most Hey. tho Primate was present, and lectured on " Th« PonancB of. Theodosius." Tho various ?"exercises incidental to the service wero per- formed by the incumbent, the ttev. H. L. Jackson,' M.A. Ona Home letter, which we publish in another column, speaks of the "cholera" oulbioak, and refera to the effect of the repubÜBhing of the law as to com- pulsory education hy Signer Crispí, the Italian Prime Minister. Our conespondent furnishes particulars in legard to tho coming Jubilee of tho Sovereign Pontiff, and tho preparations for the reception of " pilgrims nnd strangers" to tho Holy City. A remarkable discovery in arehfpology, and the regrpt expiessed at the refusal of Signor Carducci lo accept the Dante Professorship in tho lloman University, ave referred to by our cor- respondent. Ponido yesterday afternoon a drayman named Prederick Browne, !}i years of age. rosiding at No. 2, Eliî-abcth-street, was caught botween a lorry and a post at Bussell's Wharf, and severely crushed. . Ho was taken to the Sydney Hospital,' and pn being examined was found to bo suffering from a dislocation of the car- tilages of the lower ribs on tho light side. Aman named James Madden, aged iii) years, a labourer, was also treated at tho ahovo-mentioned institution for bruises en the eyo, face, and ribs, which he alleged were caused through being assaulted at Narrabeen. Tun circumstances attending tho death on Sunday last of a young woman named Margatet Kennedy, at No. 0, Sandwell-street, Surry Hills, wore further in- vestigated yesterday, by the City Coroner and a jury of twelve, at the South Sydney Morgue. After additional ovidonco had been given with regard to the woman having boen beaten a few hours betöre her decease by a young man named Michael Sullivan, tho inquest was adjourned till 9 a.m. to-day. Two meetings of the Centennial Celebration Commission aro held every week. At a meeting hold yosteiday theie woie present-Hon. John Lackey, M.L.C. (in tho chair), Hon. J. II. Young (Speaker of tho Assembly), Messrs. J. It. fairfax, Fosbery, and Barnet. Mossre. John Sands and Pon'H dosiRii for tbo imitation curd for tho Stato banquot was chosen. The design for a commemorative medal was decided upon, and a considerable amount of other business gone thiough. TUE annual meeting of the Association for tho Pro- motion ot Moialify will bo held this ovoning, at half-past 7 o'clock, in tho hall of tho Y. M. C. Association. The Primate will pic-ido, and the attendance of ladies is specially invited. \Vn aro informed that the North Shore Hospital has benefittcd to tho extent of £300 by tho bequest of the lato Mr. Thomas Walker in favour of tho charities of New South Wales. Tu« following is the order of musical servico at St. Andrew's CatUotlial this afternoon, 4.Ü0 :-Magnificat Toura in F ; Nunc Dimittis, Tours in F ; Authem "O,' pray for the poai o of Jelusalcm" (Goss). TuEPeimnncnf Artillery Band, under tho direction of Bandmaster Dovery, will perform tho following programme m AVynyard-sqnaro this ulternoon, weather permitting . March, "Love Son-r," Dovery; overture, "Dos Trois MouBquotaires," Anon; quadrille, "Le Petit Duo" Kivieie; selection, "My Sweetheart" (on airs sune by Miss Minnie Palmer), .C. Godfrey; gavotte, .'Wellkom men," Kruss; polka, "En Garde," AValdtoufel; »God save the Queen." TUB Second Rogiment proposo to hold their first annual social in West's rooms, Castlereagh-street, this evening, ' Tun following ia the report of the Benevolent Asylnm -r*---'-ï for the week ending December 7, 1887:-Admitted, 3 women, 4 children, 1 birth; deaths, 2; iischarged, 8 women, 16 children; remaining; in tho house, 81 women, l18 children,1 total 199. Provisions distributed :-1737 loaves broad, 11521b. Hour, 5381b. meat, 6131b. sugar, 1-Silb. tea, (Mèlb. sago, 1141b. rico, 811b. oatmeal. Fresh applications for relief, 13 ; cases reported by the inspector, ö'l ; in 12 cases tho relief was discontinued ; in 4 casen the rent money yvas disallowed, and in 2 cases it was reduced : total number of cases relieved, 455. 