RACING NOTES. BY. PEGASUS. A nice little programme has been issued by the Stanley Race Club for their annual meeting, which is fixed to take place on Friday, 28th October. There are no less than nine events on the card, and the day's sport is to oommenoe at 11.15. The last raoe is fixed for 4.30 p.m., but I fancy the committee will have all their work before them to get the raoing over by anything like that time. The principal events are a Trial Stakes of 30 soys., 1 mile; Publicans' Purse of 60 soys., l{ mile; and Stanley R.C. Handioap of 80 soys., H mile. Tho nomina tions for the handicap arc to be in the hands of the secretary on Monday, 3rd October, not later than 10 a.m., according to the programme, though this must surely be a mistake, 10 p.m. being more likely to be trie hour fixed. Weights will be declared on 11 th October, and acceptances on the 19th October. The general entries close on 21st October. I hear that Beenleigh races came off suc cessfully, with the exception of the starting, which is said to have been atrocious. In the Flying Handicap, the field wero sent away when some of the horses were in front of the post, and consequently it was giv?-n as no r.ice, and had to be run over age in. The fir it time of asking eight horses started, «nd Meteor passed tho poet first, with Parody Kocond: but at the second essay the owner of Meteor refused to start his home, and Sleep won, followed by Parody, Freodom, and Beaudescrt 11. Thus Mr. Mooney'B gelding landed the double, an event which is Baid to have surprised everyone, including lub owner. In the AU-Aged Stakes, Elastic beat Freedom, a performance which, I fancy, should be taken with a more than ordinary large dose of salt. I hear that Blue Blood, by Marquis— Hauteur, by Tubal Cain, has been purchased by a well-known Brisbane sport. Blue Blood is a four-year-old brown horse, and ran the other day in the Spring Handicap at Sydney Tattorsall's meeting, carrying Gat. 61b. Ho, however, failed to run prominently. In a capital artiole in tho Australasian last week re the vexed question of handicapping " Augur" makes Bomo pungent remarks which I reproduce for tho benefit of our Queensland raoing cluba. " Augur" justly lays a great stress on the independence of the handicappor and goes on to say, "As a rule the great bidk of the members of committee with whom we are acquainted know as much about a handicap as a foal knows about its sire ; an , as most of them are in some way interested in horses running, it would be a libel upon human nature to expect them to look at a handicap impartially If they inorease the troubles and difficulties which beset a handi oapper'a path, holding, at the same time, a rod of terror over him, they will quiokly weaken the confidence of. everybody who takes an interest in the Turf, and racing will sink lower and lower in the soale of publio opinion." I wonder what "Augur" would say if he knew how our prinoipal handicaps are adjusted. It is hardly too much to say that our handicapping will never be considered satisfactory till a handioapper is appointed in all tho pnncipal meetings independent alikoof horse-owners and the betting ring. But when this is done, it will probably be the beginning of a raoing millennium in Queensland. At the present time, matters seem tending in the other way and wo appear to be going deeper and deeper into the mire. An English sire of some repute is expected to be landed in Melbourne in a few days, and will be sold by auction by Messrs Yuille and Co. immediately on arrival. This is Charles 1., by the famous Prince Charlie—Morcvale, by Atherstone (son of Touchstone)— Presumption, by Loup Garou. The following particulars are given in the advertisement in the Austral asian:—Charles the First is perfectly sound in wind and limb. Stands 16*1 with very grand action. Was taken out of training through meeting with an aooidont whilst running for the Ascot Stakes. Robert I'Anson, the woll known steeplechase rider, says he was one of the gamest horses ho ever rode. On the flat he won the Great Yarmouth Handioap, Windsor August H.ndicap, and the Welter Handicap at Croydon. Over hurdleß—the Grand Hurdle Raco at Croydon, by twenty lengths, carrying 10st.; the Warren Hurdle Race at Sandown, carrying list. 61b.; tho Grand National Hurdle Raoe at Croydon, carrying 11st. 61b. In Grand Annual Hurdle Raoe was only beaten a head, carrying 12st. 51b.; and in Grand International Hurdle Race was only beaten a head, giving the winner (Lord Olive) 161b. The first of his get in England was a winner, and at shows he has twice got the medal and £50. It is said that the name of Ajax has been re moved from the Q.T.C. forfeit list. I am not sorry to see that my opinion ex pressed last week as to the unmerited harsh ness of the sentence on C. Davis at the recent Q.T.C. meeting is endorsed by the representa tive of the Town and Country Journal, who was present. The writer says:—" Nothing had a chance with the son of Vespasian and Grey Esperance, who led almost from flagfall to finish. Touobstone ran very badly in the Flying Handicap, on the first day of the meet ing ; and the matter being viewed by bis sub sequent running Mr. Kent hardly knew what to make of it. Before the race Mr. Kent openly expressed the opinion that his colt had not the ghost of a chance, and was so dis satisfied that he oourted an inquiry into Davis's riding in the Flying Handioap. I have since heard that Davis has been suspended from riding for six months. Unless the committee had very strong evidence that the boy was *got at f this seems a very harsh sentence." Most people who know anything about our Brisbane racing will be of the same opinion, and the sentence seems all tho more unjusti fiable because Davis is not one of those who deserved punishment, if not in this case, for other former dishonest practices. No, those who indulge in little vagaries of this sort are well known, but with them " the powers that be" do not interfere. Notwithstanding the promise made by the chairman at the last Q.T.C. annual meeting as to reducing the amount of fees payable by horse- owners, no alteration for the better seems to have taken place. It would *be curious to know how muoh of the £1100 said to be given away in prize money at the recent meeting really came out of their pockets. It must have been something very considerable when it is considered that the uttendanoe of the public was very small. One can hardly understand how any men except bookmakers can go on year after year undergoing all the heavy expenses of training and raoing, and literally contributing nearly half the stakes themselves. It must indeed be a very unprofitable game at any rate to those who go straight. I hear that Mr. Finnic intends to send My Love to tho stud very shortly. It is about time ; but it is a pity he has no better sire to mate with her than Newbold or Ormond. With all his well-bred mares I should fancy it would pay the Drayton studmaster to go in for something first-class in the way of sires. If he docs not, he will certainly be unable to hold his own with the higher class of horses bred in the colony, or at any rate with those that are being constantly imported from the Southern colonies. Among tho sires who are already advertised to xtand the season appears the name of First Lord (Grand Flaneur a brother), who took the fir.>t prize for blood stallion at t'io recent Jubilco Exhibition. Firdt L-.ml L:w been sold by R. Newton and Co. for 3uo guineas to M-. M'Cord, of Coonambuls, Gayndah, where he will now stand this season. There oan be no doubt that mated with good mares he should produce horses of the highest quality, for his brother Grand Flaneur is already coming to the front as one of the successful sires of Australia, and there can be no reason why First Lord should not do equally well. This fine horse was originally bought by R. W. Stuart from Messrs. Bu*by,of Cassilis, N.S.W., for 1000 guineas. He only ran one race, whioh he won v«ry easily, but soon after injured his knee in a fence, and had to be turned out of training. Owuors of mares who are looking for sizo, quality, and good pedi gree combined oau hardly go wrong in sending their mares to this grand horse, who has as yet had little opportunity afforded him of getting racehorses. I see by the advertisment that tile E)ny stallion Exmoor Prince accompanies First ord to Coonambula. Breeders of polo ponies and others should remember that no pony stal lion equals the Exmoor breed in hardiness and general utility. In reviewing last season's racing in New Zealand, tho sporting writer' 'Mazoppa'' gave the following records as made during the past year:—Four furlongs, Sextant, 47Jaeo.; five furlongs, Forester, lmin. lsec.; six furlongs, Maxim and Jack, lmin. loseo.; seven furlongs, Tit Bit, lmin. 43sec; ono mile and a distance, Reputation, lmin. 58 J sec.; one milo and a quarter, Tit Bit, 2min. B£sec.; one mile and a half, Marion, 2min, 38soo.; one milo and three quarters, Patrician and Dorwenter, 3min. 328e0.; two miles, Spade Guinea, 3min. 32b00.; two miles and a quarter, Nelson, 4min. 3£seo. I see among recent sales at Melbourne, Kohai, by Manuka—ldalia, was sold to Mr. J. Crozier for 185 guineas. If sound he must be oheap at the money. At the jumping competition of the National Agricultural Sooioty of Viotoria, Spondulix's jump of 6ft. o|in. is now the Australian re cord. He cleared it without placing a toe upon it, and bo olean and olever was the performance that " Augur " says he feels satisfied he oould have got over three or four inches more. " Nemo" writes in the Mail: —" Those who hold the opinion that the noble thoroughbred does not enter into the spirit of his work, and enjoy it too, should have seen the performance of the hurdle-racer Invictus at Randwiok on Saturday. He oame to grief at the hurdle opposite the Leger stand and rolled heavily over; but he was soon on his legs again, and, riderless, he pursued the field, taking the fences in splendid style. He overhauled his horses as they raced past Cutts's, and as they reached tho hill near the trainers' sheds he came on terms with the loaders, wore them down after going a few strides in their company, and assumed command, whioh ho held to the finish, having passed the post several lengths in front of Garnet. Tho style in whioh he showed the way over the stioks on bis own account was greatly admired by the spectators, who applauded his performance as ne turned in tuitively to interview the clerk of the scales prior to returning to tho saddling paddocks." In our Enguskjfiles appears a full account of the Goodwood nieeting. For the Stewards' Cup the large field of twenty-three went to the poet. The winner turned up in Upset, a 25 to 1 chance, only one of the favourites, Cratton, being able to obtain a situation. The first two horses, Upset and Tib, were ridden by tile two sons of the well-known jockey and trainer, Tom Cannon. Upset is a brown or black four-year-old colt, and is by See Saw—Fair Vestal, who is by Vespasian—Fair Rosamond, by King John. The English crack two-year-old, Friar's Balsam, by Hermit—Flower of Dorset, is con tinuing his victorious career, his last win being the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood. According to the Sporting Life, the two-year-old form is pretty well confirmed, which places Friar's Balsam, by Hermit—Flower of Dorset; Satiety, by Isonomy —Wifey; Seabreeze, by Isonomy—Marguerite; Ayshire, by Hampton —Atalanta; and perhaps Senanus, by Trappist (son of Hermit)—Bonnie Lassie, well at the top of the tree. The Goodwood Cup produced this year a splendid race, resulting in a dead heat between the Duke of Westminster's Savile and Mr. Douglas Baird's St. Michael. The following are the details of the race :— The Goodwood Cup, value 300 soys., added to a subscription of 20 soys. each; half forfeit; 2J miles. Duke of Westminster's br, c. Savile, by Hamp ton—Lilian, 3 years, 7st. 7lb. .. (G. Barrett) 1 Mr. Douglas Baird's b.c. St. Michael, by Springfield—Land's End, 4 yoars, Bst. 121b. (T. Cannon) 2 Count de Bertcux's eh.c. Upas, by Dollar— Rosemary, 4 years, 9st. 51b. .. (J. Watts) 3 Count do Berteux's b.c. Vanueau, by Perplexo —Ortolan, 3 years, 7st. 71b. (J. Woodburn) 0 Mr. Mauton's b.c. Claymore, by Camballo — Sctapore, 3 years, 7st. 71b. .. (F. Barrett) 0 Count de Berteux declared to win with Upas. Winner trained by Porter. Betting at the start: 2tol v. Upas, 100 to 30 Savile, 5 to 1 St. Michael, 6to 1 Claymore, 100 to 15 Vanneau. Unlike last year, when The Bard frightened away all opposition, the Goodwood Cup fur nished a memorable struggle which was worth a journey of many miles to witness. To com mence with, the presence of Upas and his stable companion, Vanneau, amongst the competitors gave to the race an international oharaoter. Upas, who in addition to the possession of a Sfood record earned across the Channel, had avourably impressed the morning critics by his resolute style of galloping, was always favourite, the fact that Count de Berteux had declured to win with him giving backers addi tional confidence. Not to be dismayed by the invaders, the partisans of Savile, St. Michael, and Claymore declared stoutly in favour of their respective champions, and at the fall of the flag the wagering was good enough to enable pencillors to bet 2 to 1 on the field. It was a race, no mere ambling-shambling kind of a canter for three-parts of the journey, with all the jockeys reserving themselves and their charges for a supreme effort. All possibility of a race of this kind was soon over, as at flag fall J. Woo J burn, evidently acting to orders, started strongly with Vmneau on a running t!:-ikitiir minion for Upc. Going out of tho straight Vauneau increased hi* lead, but us fiey ran along tho plateau Upas went almost up to his stable companion, accompanied by SavJe, with St. Michael some distance away bringing up the rear. When they reappeared in sight Vanneau held a long load, and thus far from home the pace began to tell, for already G. Barrett was hard at work driving Savile along, whilst T. Cannon had to niggle at St. Michael in order to keep him from losing ground. As they swept into the straight it seemed as if the foreigners would finish first and second, but as they came down tho hill Savile and St. Michael, both being driven, gradually overhauled them. At the end of the rails Savile had drawn level with Vanneau and Upas, and in the next fifty J aids Watts had to ride the favourite to keep is place. Before the distance was reached Upas was done with, and Savile came on, fol lowed by St. MiohaeL The struggle between the pair was most exoiting, as inch by inch St. Michael crept up, and though both animals were in trouble they answered to the resolute calls of their riders, and ran past the box bo closely locked together that the judge could not separate them. In the decider, which took place after the card had been worked through, slight odds wero laid on Savile, who held the command throughout, and won by three quarters of a length. Time, 4min. 66 3/sth sec. 