ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. TOM BOWLING. Revised Edition. [By ab Original.1 With an apology to Dibdin's Ghoat. Honest Tom, the sailors named him, In their language warm; lite a giant Nature framed Mm With a massive form; And his word, aye, when 'twai spoken, Seldom was it changed or broken, And to cross him was a token Of impending storm. Many years he trod the vessel, And in all degrees Mate or common tar—he'd wrestle With the rolling seas ; At the wheel he took his station, Begnlating each gyration, While the landsmen of the nation Lay at home at ease. Bot one day, while be was steering Far away from dock, Neither ill nor evil fearing, Ban upon a rock. On the hidden rock called Thow, and Stove the gallant vessel's bow, and Then ensued a jolly row, and Then a "short, sharp, Chock.'' For the language got In Sated l With foil many a blank,n And poor Tom was quick disrated To a seaman's rank; And his wages they denied him, No more baccy they supplied, And the grog with which they plied him Came from out the tank. When at length the voyage finished, Tom, on shore again, With his courage undiminished— life without a stain Sought Uie owners of the Bblj>, they Wouldn't give him another trip, they Sacked him. And tars from every lip, they Chanted this refrain ere a sheer hulk lies poor Tom Bowling; The darling of our crew ; No more he'll hear the storm-winds howling, East Torrens has hove him to. His form was of the manliest beauty, His heart was brave and stout, Faithful to all be did his duty, Bnt now they've thrown him out. Tom never from bis word departed— His virtues, were so rare; His friends were many and kind-hearted And he was always fair. And then he sang his songs so jolly At many a lively rout; But mirth has turned to melancholy, For now they've thrown him out. Yet shall poor Tom find pleasant weather When th' Governor's commands Shall give, to call the crew together, The word to pipe all hands. And when they're hauling up the anchor Old Tom will be about, As well as the tinker or the " banker," Though they have thrown him out. Here's another daring instance of de mocracy (writes our correspondent Hugh Kalyptus), coming right on the track of Mr. Henry Taylor's denunciation of the Queen | and the Royal Family—the scalp-hunters of Durieu have aotually dared to seize the Governor's dog for being without a disc, and the animal was hauled off to durance "i the Corporation Yard. The stalwart soldiers at the guardhouse dare not rescue him, and the viceregal deg was doomed to the igno minions fate of a street cur. Here is another crashing blow at monarchy. Will the startling news be flashed home in re turn for the intelligence of the Nihilistic conspiracy to assassinate the Czar of .Russia t ] No arrests have .been reported in Adelaide, yet the conspirators who dared to commit this outrage upon the Governor's dog are still at large, but when they are arrested it may | tarn out that the ramifications of the con spiracy are wide Bpread. Who knows that it may not have been contemplated to abduct the j Governor's cat 1 It iB time General Owen mustered his army of two (himself included), and combined with the police force, to crush this dreadful plot in the bud. Unfortunately we have no Siberia here, but all those con cerned in this political combination to over throw the monarchy, and of which the Governor's dog was very nearly the viotim, eould be sent to Hergott. The punishment would not be too severe for the offence. We should [never have parted with loyal D. C. F, Moodie and his historioal cane. Would Henry Taylor have dared to condemn the Queen and all the Royal Family if I Moodie's avenging arm had hung suspended [ over him. In the days of gay King Charles the Second a man was hanged for jokingly remarking at the approaoh of dinner that he would "take a chop at the King's Head," but Henry Taylor had not the excuse of his sentiment being an after-dinner speech. Go slow and bank the fires of your Republican soul, Henry Taylor, or you may have Duncan Campbell Frazer Moodie making a special voyage from South Africa with a body guard ot Zulus to inflict the penalty of your disloyalty. A man was brought up on an unsatisfied judgment the other day and demanded two months to pay the money in. He was asked where he lived, and be said. " The other side of Teetulpa." Counsel said that it would be hard to get at the defendant so far away, but | a witty brother remarked, " He must be a good merk, Tor a gold mine stands between him and his creditors," Years ago, when the number of colonists j who tendered for Government supplies was very much less than at presBnt, an amusing incident occurred in connection with a good old pioneer, who has since joined the great majority. Among other things tenders were called for 100 kitchen meat tripods, The contractor tendering for all the other things thought he might as well include the tripods. He had no idea what the articles were nor of their cost, but considered it safe to tender at the rate of 7s. 6i. each. He did so, and the tender was accepted, and he fonnd that tripods were meat .stands, and he bought them for 4£d. each. 