Australian Tales and Adventures. No. ««. The triple ghost. By Aloxandor Montgomory. "Wtfat d'yo think, though, ol a triple, ghost?!' It was Jack Mirtin who put the qnestion, os ho leant over ibtaionoo of the home paddock at Kuamilla station, ono blazing Sunday forenoon fa December. . Jaok— his lootaloapaoity of stockman to tho contrary notwithstanding— tvtas a gentleman; thcro could bano donbtolthat.- Good cdnca- - tion— good manners — good heart— but not that Important something whioh is so tersely yclept "ballast," and , for laok of whioh— to carry the figure farther— tho argosy of Jaok'a existence had suffered groivons and repeated damago, if not actual shipwreck. ' Bnt, by a natural .compensation, it is hot seldom givon to theao flighty souls to take the world more easily than tb'oir' follows, and thnsit was that Mr. John Mtailfa, " yarning" there, that morning, with an old-bluo shirt on his back and tan nrohaio '".esbbsgertree." over bis good-nstnred oonntcnsnco, was an ohecrlal as if ho hid not been tho son of en aristocratio Lincolnshire rector, and brother to hslf-s-dozcn high-bred jonng women fa lar-awBy England. It Jaok was ohccrfal, however, bis story was not, and tho emilo ot incredulity npon tho facoa of his listeners soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity which tells of tho Sower ot tho born raconteur. All this was sck,and, aa I was myself ono of tbo liatenars aforesaid, lean testify that tho atory msolo a deep tmfneeclon on ma at tho time. It may not likewiss affect yon, bnt at onyrato here it is. "It was six years ago," said Martin, and joot alter I'd had tbtat cropper over tho wire fence at Oarmiobacl's on tnolGonlbnrn. An I'TOjtold yon before, I waapretty wolismaehed np on that occasion, and as soon as I could be moved I was sent down to tho hospital in Sydney. Here I puffed round at a rata that astonished tho doctors— who, between onr. selves, don't know ovcrytbteg yot, and so fa less than a month 1 was able to get abont again pretty weiL Then I bethought mo o! a fellow who bad como into a bit of money whilo ho was working wilh mo on Carml- ohael's station. Either a Sweds or a Nor wegian ho was— wilh Halk Bjorren for his name. A decidedly queer fish ho was, too, bnt not a bad sort fa tho main, nndeo, as ha and I bad been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look bim op and pay bim a visit. Ikncwhls plaoo was on tba coast, and I thought s spell in the sea'-alr would bo juel tbo thing for me. "Well, to cut matters ehort, another week found mo abont a hundred miles np to tho northward, at a place oalled— I think— Wbhndamq. That's something like it, any how"; and It don't mattor mnob, for it was a micerablo dog-holo enough — stuck in the middlo ol a scrub-covered flat, bordered on one sido by low sandhills. : , Beyond tlitaso - sandhills was the sea/and, about a mile off ' along tbo ooast, MrV Halk Bjorren wtas domi ciled fa n.hht that looked oc if it bad been bnilt from tho timbers ot a wreck. As fa. deed, perhaps it. had, .for there- had been a good few ships/driven : asboro: theretabouts, i from timo to/timo, and the Whandamo people: had como onrlons talcs obpnt tho ghosts , of tho drownod, .and:oo forth. v At; these; .of : oonrse; I laughed— bnt not for ltang I : ' ; ! s "I'fa not -nervous, . and ; Fm not staporstl- tiouo, bnt boforo a week want over fav head ; I got the biggest fright that ever befoll mo fa my lifo/: : /:. :' " Well, I fossioked Bjorren v ont, - tand : though ho'- omitted tbn trifling formality of soyingthat I was welcome; ha:mado- mo feci it. whioh was better. Indeed, ho was n man,- who never eaid mncb athny time— a strsngo, tall, .lanky, longrnoeed.'.wida.eyed oretattare,' ' who nlwaya snggista'd to me a sort : of- Bctan;; \- dlnavian version of Lytton's Riocaboccn, and who was not without, a/lair! share, of: Rlcca- ' bocota's learning oither. ;. I , know hie was welt road In tbo olossios; for/one /thing.!:/: Indeed: /if it had not been for hie books, I don't know: what he'd have.donta with himeelf. V-He didn't seem to employ himself in anything bnt mooning about tho shore, and, as ho didn't voinnteor any information on tho point, I /didn't nak him ony qucationo. \ "A dreary shore it was ; nothing bnt stand: and eerab as far. as tho eyo coald reach. .Fat me a good deal in mind Of old Lincolnshire; -bnt; no yon may guess, I didn't likq.it tany; tho worse for that, nnd so for a oouplo of days I, wandcre(l abont, thinking of old times,, and trying to fataoy that if -I topped thetaand- hilio Iehonld seta tha'apiro ofLino.oIn.Oath'o- dfal loomingfar aofoBB tho fens. - /' :/i- ; " Well; I think it jvoa the fonrth hight I'd been nt tho place, thero wasalnll moon. I was .wondering 'about with Rjorren's!- gnn on my arm when I sOwher rising ont of the sea; liko — bnt that's what everybody Rushes abont, so I'll just let it . alono. - ..I/ioi'if- say,/ , though; that/when she;was fairly np . it was oasy:. to seo '. thai she - v?ata no Liccolnahiro moon, or : wasn't shining through' Lincoln- shiro.sir at onyroto. / I was .always fond .of ' \- epecalatiog about tho moon, , and as I strtalltad slowly along, 'I was/ gazing .-steadily, ;at; hor/big. red orb, when there suddenly rang ont behind ' mo ' a'/;. shrisk' '-'-'so- bloodigjrdliDB that. I started violently 'and drop_pcd the gqn into a pool taf sea-water. Nor did I thiiik ot picking it up, for wbonT turned ronmi; I saw a sight:that drovta everything clso clean ont ofmy head. Within abontthreo ' hnndrcd iynrds of mo; and innnin'g'.in my dircotion. waa n woman. A small, slight- framed woman, she seemed, -with long', dark clothes and naked/ foot.' I could see them ftvinkla whito.oltang, tho oand tas taho/.ran. No I— sho was a tall woman,: wilh a white dross, and what! seamed to bo a: knifo in her; hand. V No I t staid- tta myeolf a ccocind time- fay senoco-wero leaving me— ns I'nowsaw no woman nt all/ but a -man, within a hundred yardn ol mo and still running on. - A tali roughly. dressed moD, with what appeared to ho a tofaahawk in. bio kit hend— I sow his . face diotinctly— white no death and fringed ! with a ragged 1 board that blew over his shoulder as ho onme; . - - , - . "Holplcsely I gazed at lilm, nntil when ha -was, or seamed to be, about - fitly yardq from mojho qulokly shifted tho tomahawk from his loit band to his right. . That broko the Bpollt There won soraothing so natural and human fa tho notion that my wita came book to me in a momont, nnd down I stooped for tho gun. ' I -oculdn't eboot : with it now, I hnow, but 1 oonld . uco it as a oiub. Woll, boys, I didn'thnva to neo it nt all, When I' stood np with it grasped by tho muzzle in both hands— tho man waegeno I!'— and Jack, with trno dramatic art, coma, hero to a dead pause and began eiowly to out up tcbacoo, , " Gorio-?" Inekod. "Buu awuy again,- do yon mean?" . - - - " No,. .. sicl - Gonol— disappeared I— van ished I'.' .- . . . " Gome, oomo, Jaokl" .I said, laughing.- "That'o tho stereotyped sort , ot thing, you linowl You should hnva finished thinga off with more originality I" " Don't it strike you,": said Jaok; gravely, that it's just because I'm tolling tho truth that I haven't finished off, ns yon say, in n less ' stereotyped manner ? Were I staffing you, as wo csy hereabouts, nothing would have been easier, than to givo matters a moro -original torn.'.' . > . ; " Perhaps yon had soma ' hard stuff ' with yon, and saw doable? '. said Billy Anderson, tho red nosed little cook, who was a thirsty soul, and spoko taooording to hie lights. . "Siw treble, yon faoan i" put in tbo store- man, whb j waB the wit- of -tho station— " though that's but a bate Jnsinn&tion;:" . Mirtin shook his .hetad. '.'No boyV/'bs said. .'.'Btrabgc totaay;! hadn't at tlmt tirao . tasted any 1'qtiorfor ovcr.foat faonths.. If I i- wasn't downright oat of my mind for abont- - thirty" eeeoods— for it ail passed fa that timo < ' . — I saw cxaotly what- 1 tell you, and exaollyns I lo i you.' V " Was thero nothing that oinld havo con- - ooakd'tho fignre?'' I asked, . . . ' Nothing. Flat ailho palm of yonr hand for hall a/milo on/evsry sido of mo. Bat' . lictar me out 1" nnd, having lighted his pipe, ; Jack bifohed himself further open tho fcnco ondwent on— . : ".I 'oannot'' describe to you how I felt. It -i . seopeod to me as. if the whele sceno around . - mo had snddenly tnmed.unreai and ghaBtly. "" Tho vory moon seemed to havo changed into como awfot thing— somc fearful personality, . if yon understand; mo-that kept glaring -. downwarda ;on mo as I made tho beat oimy way back to tho bnt. ,// ' ' Hero I eaw something that wasn't nt all - calculated to steady my nervos.;/ Bjorren wat , aeleep, tand apparently dreaming— Bomo awful. dream, by the look ot bim. Ilia hair— very long and.ahoggy it wao— was feared all about tho pillow, and his faco was /atreafairig witbf percpiration. Ho kicked abont, too, and . alrngglcd, and at last ho cried ont something that raado mo start once more. ' ' Tho sxo 1' lis said— ! tba tomahawk I' -My God I sho's . down I ' I went over and shook him till ho woko. 1 What's tbo matter/old man 7 ' I said. ' Hivo yoa been dreaming? ' Ho rat np, ebnd- . d-ring and wiplag the damp from hia face. DtcamiDg 1 ' lie said. 'Yea, thank God it . waa only a dieam I ' Then, when ho had coma round a bit, ho told mo liis dream ; and— yon may bclievo mo or not, lads, said Jack, slowly and deliberately—" bnt this is what fas - told me." "He tbooght Drat, be said, that ba saw far back into tbo early times ot tho colony, and that tbreo pcreana, a man and two women, . occupied jbe vory bnt wo were fa. It seemed to be known to bim at tho same timo that th;se were tba sola survivors cf a shipwreck, and that tho man had bnilt tho hat taut of wreckage. Tho man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attachment to tho younger ot tho two women, and thus nronsed tbo deadly jealousy of tho other, who was his wife. And bow, as tho dreamer saw them, a quarrd arose. A qnarrcl which grew moro and more ravage, nntil tho injured wifo snatched up n kniic and attacked ber rival, who rnshod screaming ont of tho hut. Across tho moonlit sands eho- fled— after her the maddened avenger with a knits, and after her in. torn tho faithless husband wilh a tomahawk.'! "Rapidly tho second gained upon tho first, and tho third npon both, nntil the hunted woman wtas . overtaken, and Jlbrow bcrsslf .i down npon her knees, ecreamitag wildly tor . mercy. Sbo did not receive it I The fury - wlth thckmfo flung herself npon her rival, and, holding her down by-mkinstrengih— cat ' her throat! It war the work ot a-momont, -. bat, before -the mo.rdorcsa 'coald -rise to hor feet again, . ttao husband arrivsd npon tho spot, and, shifting the, tomahawk from his ; -leffe hand, to his right, ho drovta it fleraoly into -"--, (his wife's. eknll.: Down sha'went/boside'her . . viotim, and lay there as . motianlcsr-tand aa' ' dead-r-08 a log. Tho mata, too, .remained aa motionless; taf ter ho had struok -the 'blow, as if ho htad becn. turned into stone. ; For a fow !mtamonts;:that is ; - tben ho finng;tho, tcma< hawk far away tacross the etahd, and; tarning'1';/ :;.; round/mtadei for tho hat liko atamadfatan;/ , Atrivod. there, ho lost not a moment; . but, , frantic wilhhorrof and remorse, climbed upon/ /V thta roof, made a line faet'to the rndo chimney, «>.; and hang himself ! ' j3aoh wbb Bjorren's dream';" went on Jack, " after a pause, M and I lcave you fo gnorrvibal / effect it had Bptanfata; taofaing aftor what I'd ; /; /:> seen/ And what waa faoro.'Iads/whota morn- / Ing cafae :wta 'cxCmincd ttao ontsido of the 1 chimney; and found, stara enough, a piecoi ol//: ? rotten old , qtaarter-inoh' fatadta f art 'around ' it, - ' It might havo been .v tho remains of tho lino- / A' the murderer hangedhimrelf_witb,or it mlght / not,': Yon'oan form yonr'own opinion all I; :! ,/! know is that I/vo deseribtad thta matter exactly ata it oconrred, -and.that I/clearod: ont - of .tho .-'-: ' adenrsed pltaoa that, very day.' Aa for BjorroD; ,.. -.: conoludod: Jack; getting down off tha fenoe to ;? depart, " ho may ba thcro yot, for all I knew; ; iHq.wata jast tho- sort oi ohtap .to - tanit-enbh m/ . v -ghostly; work, bat ono euoh f right fa a-Ufo., ; ' :. ! time's enough for this individual. Why. to' : : this day, /I.oanit boar tha /sight, otthofull. > moon." Thitawao fruo enough. - Wahad aUnotioed/ ' and langhad- at tho pconllarity. in queation, :; :!- .thopgh whother ithtaditta origin m the maimer "described.- is' point whioh I. havo';n0vcr— ' ./ , whatover you, reador, may do— bcen tablo to.!/ Bottlo to my owp oatialaction; A oabeoquont; ,/ occurrence, however, indaocd me to -think-it . ' Iposslhlo that'tho/WboIo story was thta morbid ; omanntion of a brain trembling— though wta. ; know! it not— on tho verBO of inBtanity.'. '/NoX : . is : tiiia tanppositioh invclfuatcd tay . tllO srt with wiildh thta t≤ waa/ltaMitaiucfcib /ita/nta:/ matter of ' oofafao'n cxpcrlcnco that 'lnnatics: !:/ will Eoroetimca' cxtaibi!, in come particular : , montcl'directlon; ta ekillarid oddroiia ,'almosl! /,: beyond tho capabilities ol tho sBno.i,.-'.,..:---.-.'.:---)! , . in tho monlh'6l Februory . '75, or abcal ' ,. fourteca'rnonths after hcaring tho tatory;!-':!';.: havo herb reproduced; ! wer on fay way to ; .- thb Wannafailla oountry, in Quccnrland.'aud had got or far nn Js!llgQp, on;; thta'Moadonnld ;!/; R-ver. Jnat bcfbrc datk, I wao tafaoking my . pipe tat, tho/dotar of thb liitlo /hotel, , when . two /./'!: troopers, gnUoiied'into tho/townrhip .tand '/. pulled np for a drink. Thcir/Boraer . Bhowcd / / the inarkta of a hard ride, arid; tbero wtata boon - : ! ; a little crowd round tho hotel - door, /to; know. ; ; what war tho.mtatter.- ' Thb' general opinion' !:/ faollncd to- buahrahge'rs, 'and U waa with s'ofai/, it was only;annatio the .frota'pere wbrb aitor,:!/. ' /'j A man on 'Caloncl ' Mostcrman'c Yuruna ' : station hod, it appeared, snddenly gone oat- of hia.vfaind, and, .taftcr "firing /twioo nt, tbo,.'. rtrnrrfnnt" 'hnr? mnnnfpfl- Jinrpfi .nnd': Wren to tlio buch. " ' . ' ' - " Wo'ro bound to Iwo him before morning, . though, n. oaid ono of tho constables. uHo v/au ocoii taUing tho truck to Donnelly's Fork' nnd that'o no good en a'rafc trap to hira»" , And co it proved. ; About eight next morn- ing tho troopers rodo into tho townohip Ggsin ! with tho lunntia— atill on hia cv.'n horse, but . > bound and handcuffed—between fch6m»: Some. ! . thing in tho poor oreaturo'a faco 6track mo no . being familiar. I wont oloccr' Good God I 1 —14 wan Jaok Martin I » . ; ' > "JacUl'V I cried. "Jaok Martin— you >. Irnow me, don't you, old fellow ?" / Ha f laughcii chcorfully. " Oh, /yea," - ho oaid, "I hnow you quito well. You're the Ang<;l Gabriel. : What havo you dono with. your winga, though? Exoucq myjiotraioins - my hat, hut you uco"— with a glauco at hio bonda— " there aro oerious moohanioal dird- qullioo in tho way lM .. ; . " Wbero ftro you taliiug Mia 2'M r.akcd tho 'Vrobpfirfl.'; , ,f- " Maglatratb aiid dootorc, first,- Die— thon I'-- Dupposo,' to Briabano Asyluiui ?" ' / And to Briabano Asylum poor Jaok went; ;but ho didn't fitoyihero long, : - ! Tiireo wccho ftiterwavda I was ia Briobano, and called to eeohirn, . 'M Martin ?" said tho cleric, turning over thb lcavea of tho book. -ViMfirtrni JohD/Ah,;! herb . U ial Admitted, 23 February; diod, . 2V 'JPour 'flay a- ftUcrwardo, you tee," - ; ; \idid.teo; and caw, too, that it waa batter" - l 