JOHN NEEDHAM’S DOUBLE. A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT CHAPTER I.— RECALLS A TRAGIC CASE OF FELO DE SE. BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of “CLYTIE," "CRUEL LONDON," “TTHREE RECRUITS," &c.; When John Needham’s dead body was found on Hampstead Heath the reasons for his suicide were discussed and considered sufficient to account for his death, Having, however, regard to the fact that no complete explanation could heanived at as to the dis posal of the vast sums of money known to have been in his possession, it was reported botli in Ireland and America that the body was not Ixis, “ hut one procured to personate him, while lie, during the excitement of tiie supposed self-murder, effected his escape." The newspapers of the time (I have a file of them before me) were full of tiie tragic story, and a deceased journalist has included the history of the ease in a record of “Tiie Commercial Crisis of 1557-S.” I shall take the liberty of borrowing from his pages the facts of Mr Needham's rise and fall, supply ing from my own note books the solution of the mystery with which the famous finan cier's death has hitherto been surrounded. In regard to the theory- suggested in Ireland and America, the historian says, “Unless the witnesses on the coroner's in quest were perjured and the coroner himself was in the conspiracy, this hypothesis is altogether impossible.” The identity was sworn to by his servant, the medical at tendant, and by the coroner himself, who knew him well, for they were members of the House of Commons in the same Parlia ment, and sat together on the same side of the House. “There was also other independent testi mony in this direction; and romantic as the idea of a spurious corpse and a successful flight from criminal prosecution and public disgrace .may be, history records against it the sad, sober facts of suicide, death and burial of one of the most remarkable and clever swindlers of his time.” Up to the evening of his death it seems he maintained his high position, his coolness, and not a little of his apparent prosperity, except to a solicitor whose evidence was re luctantly given at the inquest. Nevertheless he had laid out the plan and method of his own death with mathematical care and precision. Jjo much so, indeed, that an advocate inspired by a clever brief might logically have maintained that the syste matic attention to details in so painful a business was evidence in favor of the hypo thesis that the dead body- found on Hamp stead Heath was not the body- of John Needham, late of her Majesty's Lords of the Treasury. But this idea of impersonation was not suggested at the time; and so fur as the settled history of the ease is on record, such an explanation is inconsistent with the evidence, and hey-oud the region of estab lished fact. It was urged at the inquest, in favor of a verdict of temporary- insanity-, chat John Needham's conduct on the day of the suicide Was very strange; and that the method of carrying out his self-murder was not that of a man in his right senses. It appeared that un the day of liis death, he had gone to a great deal of trouble to clear his house of the servants, inventing singular excuses for send- l n s tiiem away, even getting tickets lor tiie opera for them, giving tiiem a supper, paying it was his birth-day, and filially, in jhe most mysterious fashion, driving his mougham to the spot where he had arranged that his dead body should be discovered. These, it was contended, were not like the actions of a sane man; they- were fan- A-tie, and in no wise characteristic \i 1 'J e oa!'. 11 ! business-like intellect of ;h’ -John Needham. On the other hand 'j was shown that lie had up to re last moment conducted his affairs with coolness and sense; that lie had iiad a serious Ami iinpoitaut interview with his solicitor; Ami that lie had written letters immediately l'tior to his death which were the letteis of a man who thoroughly knew what he was “bout A parlor-maid in his service had le poited to the cook that lie was mail, hut t at was only her ignorant, foolish view of some sudden act of liberality on the part of tr muster; while the coroner thought his outertainment of the servants as reported jatiier tended to prove his sanity, for he 1,11 evidently not been a very generous employer in the matter of feasting •‘'-‘pendants, and probably lie de in a manner to make up to ‘ will fur his neglect, seeing that neither at bnstmas-. nor lyistoi, nor at any-other lime hr- in (|,„ jodiit of going out of his wav o inaki* the season pleasant at Portland where he had resided ever since lie vaiik: to London. Complete as was the ‘‘entity oj Hie body, clear as were the rca ■'■ms why .John Needham should commit sui '■'e, saue as the jury regarded him up to le iciy moment of his deatii, there was 'I” of niy-stery about this case, which heightened by a member of Parliament, ‘‘Ay alter the inquest, relating one of "w remarkable coincidences which arc j“"mig the puzzles of everyday life. Possibly “ not tile honorable gentleman in qnes ?“ been a spiritualist bis letter to the oiit> would have attracted general atten <lu"' '** " :lS ’ °‘dy "nuked the writer “ l a . s '. U 1 eccentric person, ami so cleverly o fA?. ,s idea worked that lie was turned out iim" S IK ‘ xt joueral election as ail 1 lAetiealilu, crazy, ghost-seeing, spiiitual d'A'Aincr. He had declared in the I inu-:, inv a- u ". ar o | n»eut in favor of any further ti-nfi 'b'^i” ll ! but as an illustration of tiie an. i°* stranger tilings than those that ‘\ lc r t °I i‘* our philosophy—lie had asserted that while John Needham fir, o'k '’ oa d at Hampstead lie saw him on to I .* al ' va y platform, saw him and spoke J ,""l\, A correspondent in reply, who cou aml , C< t Needham, “like all suicides mil ii ll . 0l ? rs were mad, they could not com tlm xfu crll ! U!S!l «‘d be sane”—suggested that A.r. who saw the ghost at Liverpool was also “ touched in the upper storey,” and there the matter ended so far as the geueral public was concerned; but the correspond ence started strange and wild surmises in the minds of the people of Hampstead, led to curious speculations in the smokeroom at Jack Straw’s Castle, and gave color to the suggestions already referred to as to the possibility of the corpse not being that of John 'Needham. Be it the privilege, if not the duty of the present writer, to raise the curtain upon this strange mystery, a romance of which, he feels sure, will suffer no curtailment of interest from, but will be rather enhauced by, the mattcr-of-fact way in which it is pro posed to narrate it, partly, as previously stated, from published history, partly from private notes. The mysteries of Loudon are many; but none of them present more startling or dramatic passages than those which belong to the genuine history of the body found at Hampstead in the summer of IS.IG, and registered as a case of fclo-dc-ae by the eorouer for Middlesex and a sworn jury of responsible citizens and ratepayers. CHAPTER ll.—Recounts the Rapid Ri.sk of John - Nekdiiam, M.P. Prior to the general election of 1547, John Needham had been known by his fellow townsmen as a respectable man and a staunch Roman Catholic. Nobody suspected him of the great capacity for figures and politics which he eventually developed. The. clerical authorities who had then as now a good deal of political power iu Ireland selected him to uphold the interest of the Pope and oppose the spirit aUd influence of Lord John Russell’s famous letter to Lord Durham. He was elected a member of Parliament on these simple lines at the general election of ISI7. A tall, silent mail, Johu Needham was, of pale complexion, closely shaven, had thin ; brown hair, dark blue eyes, a hesitating I manner, and was fond of dress, even to womanishness, llis Irish friends called him “ tiie fop.” He invariably wore an orchid in liis button- hole, a diamond on the little ! finger of his left hand, a frill in his shirt front, and he drove the best horses in town. At home in Ireland he had been unostenta tious in his ostentatiousness, if one may be allowed to be paradoxical; for though he dressed better than his neighbors he never pretended that he could very well afford it, and he could associate with the humblest of them on e<pial terms. But from the moment John Needham arrived in London he put on, with his Par liamentary honors, the air of the man of wealth. And lie was accepted at his own professed valuation. He had the special faculty of impressiveness, the capacity to inspire trust, the power of influence; and whatever natural gifts he possessed he had the art to exhibit them, without appearing to do so. He was essentially a clever man, vain, politic, a man with an ever active ambition that gave spirit to his natural audacity. ■‘ c Although iu Ireland lie affected not to be rich, it is shrewdly believed- that he had amassed a fair share of money; for through the influence of his late father’s banking house, and his own ability as a solicitor, he obtained the agency of several Irish pro perties, and when the Act for the cstablilin ment of the Encumbered Estates Commission Came into operation, his knowledge enabled him to make very advantageous purchases. The railway mauia was also turned to some account, and it was understood by the party which nominated him for Parliament that he could-well afford to maintain in town a posi tion of dignity and independence. In his address at the close of the poll in his favor, he said:—■ “ My old friends, if my descent is not as pure Irish as some, believe me my heart is true to the cause, and I promise you 1 am not going across the Channel to the great .Saxon city yonder without making yrjur ■wants known, nor without a big effort to hand down to posterity the fame of our dear old borough; and it is also my intention to give them cause to remember the name of John Needham!” And by the Poxvers he did 1 But when he entered the modern Babylon, the one in terest, the one person whom he repre sented and meant to represent, was his own interest; the one person, himself. “ For such a character as John Needham,” says the historian, “ the period was pecu larly favorable, especially when backed by the quiet, unobtrusive, but never-ceasing support which the Roman Catholic party in variably extends to those of its prole'jci whose active exertions it requires for the enhancement aud extension of its own authority.” It was a time when financial acumen, and a reputatiou for it, was of especial value. Mr Needham knew- how to advertise himself without appearing to do so. It seemed as if London had been waiting for him, so quickly wove his services in request among the great financial corporations of the day. The name of John Needham, Esq., M.P., was a name to conjure with. At the head of anew board, banking or railway, it gave anew value to the company’s scrip, lie pervaded the atmosphere of any institution which he patronised, with a sense of security. In all his engagements he was punctuality ■ itself. His house iu Portland Place was a model of luxurious simplicity. He gave dinners that were the talk of epicures, not for the elaborate character of the main but for the perfection of the cooking ami service, and the excellence of the wines. W ithin a year of his coming to London he was chair man of a great foreign railway, director of two lines running out of London, managing director of the Civic Credit Company, direc tor of the Valley road Iron and Colliery Company, chairman of the .Steam Shipping Corporation, and the financial adviser of many other equally notable undertakings. Not alone did his Irish friends consult him in their affairs, but English lords and ! bishops, and great city financiers invested moneys in any direction that his judgment | favored. I “ But perhaps,” says the historian, “ the t most extraordinary circumstance in his i metropolitan career was his appointment to the very responsible position of chairman of [ the National English aud County Bank. That he had some little banking experience was true enough. The' Needham Joint Stock Bank of Ireland was a creation of his own. His grandfather had esta blished a bank at Sligo which had, car ried on for many years a very limited aud, as far as is known, a very' safe business. When John Needham first put up for a I financier he changed the character of this little brnk in which he had now acquired .sufficient -influence for the purpose, into a joint stock company', placing his brother Heury at its head as manager and sole director. Still the infatuation which led the I National English and County board to ap ; point him as their chairman, when he had ! not been known in London hardly a year, and the endorsement of it by tile share lioldeis is almost unaccountable.” He was faithful to this great trust, nevertheless; and it is worth the while of some close stu dent of human nature to analyse the charac ter of John Needham with a view to dis cover how far his eaiccr was influenced by a naturally vicious nature, to what extent an ; inordinate vanity may have moulded it; or whether lie was the victim of a misdirected and unfortunate ambition. If lie did well by’ the famous London Bank, it also did well by’ him. It gave him pnaliye, it endorsed to the full all the favorable reports that had been circulated in regard to his first-class business qualifica tions; it gave color to the prediction of journalistic gossip that he would one day he elevated to the position of Her Majesty’s Chancellor of the Exchequer. There was, however, one great barrier to his political advancement. Not alone his religion, but iiis known pledges to the Catholic party', his championship of what was then known as “ The Irish Brigade.” But Mr John Needham was not the man to allow' any' tiifle of this kind to stand in his way. When a certain Parliamentary’ whip asked him if the distinctly Protestant Government of the day could count upon his undivided support and service as Junior Lord of the Treasury, Mr Needham found it perfectly easy to transfer his allegiance from the see of Rome and Cardinal Wiseman to the ultra-Protestant Premier. To some men life is a mere game, in which every move is open to them, and in which they’ neither acknowledge the cheek of prin ciple, nor sympathy. “ My constituents will taunt me,” he said, “ with what may seem to them a desertion of principle, a disaffection, u revolt; but I shall tell them, and it is true, that my poli tical hostility was against Lord John Russell, not against the Government, and that Lord John being no longer at the head of the Government, the situation is changed.” “ That is so,” said the party whip charged with the bribe of office, “though I question if your constituents will accept even so plausible an explanation—for your appoint ment. Vacate your seat, and it is possible that they may refuse to re-elect you.” “ I think they will,” said Mr Needham; “ let them. I will contest the place which the death of Mr Patrick Smith leaves open to us. Did you note his decease in this morning’s Chronicle ?” “I did.” “ Then, with all respect to Lord Aberdeen, and my duty to him and my thanks, say he may count upon my patriotic service to his Government, to the Throne, and to the country. The constituents of his native borough did reject Mr John Needham, emphasising their rejection with rotten eggs and a dead cat; but lie contested the seat in which Mr Pat rick Smith had sat with honor for 20 years, and he won it. His enemies charged him with bribery, and declared that the third candidate who carried off a lot of “ plumpers” from Need ham’s real rival was a confederate of the Junior Lord.of the Treasury. Hut the victor was content. He cared nothing for the opinion of the defeated, nor for their evil re ports. It was May Day in London when he re turned to town triumphant, a Lord of the Treasury, and with all the influential re-' sponsibilities of what seemed to the outer world a great and uudimmed future before him. But how little that “ outer world'’ knows of anything and anybody ! It thinks it knows, says it knows, and believes it knows. Mr John Needham could have astonished that outer world very much in regard to his Treasury appointment, if he had held forth on the subject. Nobody could have dreamed of how great an importance his elevation was in his own estimation. He hardly dared confess to himself the truth of his position; nor did it seem necessary since Fortune, in this matter, appeared to smile so benignantly upon him. He was quite satis fied -with himself, contented, happy, and if there were obstacles in the future that threatened his peace, he did not fear them; they were shadows that his rising sun would speedily dissipate. At least so lie thought, - and he calculated his chances with astute ness and experience. A shining pair of chestnut horses champed their silver bits at the ai rival platform of the Groat Western station. They were ap pointed in the best taste, and on the box of the handsome sat two smart servants, who were "conscious of the impor tance attached to their service by the attendance of several railway officials, who had been ordered to receive the new Lord of the Treasury. Mr Needham accepted the compliment with an easy and satisfied air, tipped the guard, who carried his writing case, and slipped a guinea into the hand of the platform inspector. The spring sunshine seemed to follow him with special favor as his horses flew along the streets to Portland Place, It Hashed gaily on the silver harness of his faultless steeds; it brought out the golden bars of his coat of arms, on the door-panel of his fault less brougham; and the first breeze of sum mer wafted about him as he stepped upon the pavement, the perfume of ten thousand hyacinths from the beds of Regent Park. There was, however, surely one delightful touch missing: the chronicler of this history feels its absence, though possibly the new Lord of the Treasury did not. No wife, nor child, welcomed home the visitor; the Lion. John Needham, M.P., was a bachelor. (To he continued.) 