ORIGINAL POETRY showy; riser. glgh Bonnili In tlm irooillanil: tbro' tlopes of green graucs, Vesta moentnin -paROdns, anil shadowy passes mere twilight, prophetic, hangs out ills black ban- ner ibcar on the wind the awlft Hrcr'ssliosannaj ; lea, Ihro' tlic great life of inajcsticnl mountains, J hear the foot-fall of tho wild, leaping fountains, gnd Echo stertS rip on tho ledges thatiso lie Jlay blow his londbngloa to beautif ul Snowy. In tho yellow.ycnr. cometh tho laily October,. , Ho streams sing hor glory, the high .heavens roho I her With momiogs of sun-glow, with noontides of lustre, fflth sweet, flosving moous whero the- white planets cluster; , ' gfcefilletli nil spaee—wliero her wings are unfoldcn 5Tjo clear Titers rommcler Uanka grccrLfind golden, ffben ti»i» street acolyte of tho hlgli goddess Cb.1o4 Ineffably bcameth oaboantifril Snowy. 1 once when tlie blooming year blushed with as rnses, And flowcrful antfereen grew.tlie for, forest closes; At the dawn of a day when resplendent December Rose phceuMQcc up from the Ures-orNorembsr, A spirit of song gilded down with the fountains — Wild cbl.dren that drink of the breast of the moun tains— ' And lingered where Snowy In turbulence tosses His foam spray adown on the tender, young mosses, And the river god hcardthc awcct melodyllnger, The music of nature awoke bjrthc finger . Of lightning and change from the heart of tlie.- w thunder, ' ; ; ' High harper who flUelh tlie'rangcs with wonder ; And ha whispered the worda- to his- diademed. daugh-. ters, The Nahuls, whose homa is the hyaline waters, . And ever and ever when breezes arc blowy mieysing in commuuion 'with beautiful Snowy. And the new seasons rush down the puthsthat arc spTcn- " .did, - ; - the swift, vivid seasons, whose beauty Is Wended Yfkh light and with song ringln&cltnitjccs; for ever Jn the ripples and runes of the young, haughty river; But year after year, by its green: bauUs the trncea Of those tluit we loved so, the sweet; saddened faces, Are passing like leaves when.-the Autumn is waning, ' And the mornlugs; of. May-time arc sadly complaining. TTu too shall be gone—and the dreaming new-comer, Ifben tho zone of bluo hills > takes the beauty of Summcf, Shall wandcrbcsHc.thffswcefcbanksof the river That clcavcth the cloiul-turba-ied ranges for ersr ; Kb too shall drink dt-cp of 'ineffable glory, When moony nights wonder o'er- mountain peaks hoary. ' Ami the grey ghost of twilight glides downward in: shadows, . With whispers of water and wind for the meadows Ah ! river of beauty, what many winged spbndor Hath hidden its spirit tby foam fringes-nnder? For thy song !s:n glory; although the dark history Of Lore stricken down by thy marge Is ho tnyslcry. Flow onward, mad river! tbo wild ocean urges Thee ever to mlhgie thy wi\tc with bis surges- Imploring he lures thco to kiss him tlmt so he. Inconstant, may clasp thee, O ! bosutiful Snowy. John B, O'Hara. 