AYRSHIRE ANECDOTE. On one occasion the minister of an Ayrshire parish, carrying out an old custom, gave it out one Sunday that he would visit Balmurary the next Tuesday, and all the herds and others around about were to be there at the appointed time to be catechised. Adam M'Haffie was the herd tbere then, and the night before set off to the village for some bits of things to mense the house .and entertain the minister and others, for there was aye a tea after the catechising was done. Among other things he had to get there was, of course, a bottle of whisky, and when Adam was getting it, who came in but Pate M'Gbie, the shoemaker, and he treated Adam to a gill, aud Adam treated him, and the landlord treated them bdtfa, and they both treated the landlord, and kept it up till Adam was hardly able to stagger out of the village, with the bottle in his breast-pocket and the groceries in the pock of his plaid. However ..it was a good moonlight night, and he got on finely till, just as he was coming round his own house end, he trippit over a graip that somebody had left lying, and fell breadth and length on the stanes ; and aB he tottered forward to fall, the bottle came out of his pouch and went a' to smash; and when he tell he came right down on the broken glass with his face, and cut himself most fearfully.' The wife heard the scraichs o', him, and ran out and had himi carried in, and sorted lip hia lace, making a terrible lamentation over the broken bottle, and,wondering hpw ever Adam was going to face the minister in the morn. When the morn came it was decided to make the minister believe that Adam was - from home, and keep him all the time shut dp in : the bcx-bed, and this was dons accordingly ; and when the people arrived and when the minister came an evasive reply was given to his inquiries about Adam. After going over the scandal of the district, as usual, the minister Bet them all upin a row and looked grave, and all the people looked as solemn as if they had been set up to, be shot. Turning to Mrs. M'Haffie, the minister.said ; "Well, Janet, as I think you are the oldest, and therefore the fittest person present, I'll just begin with you, and the first question I have to ask you is this: What was it that occasioned the fall of Adam I" Janet looked as if she had seen a ghost, and thinking that someone bad told the minister of her husband's adventure, she replied : " 'Deed, sir, it was the graip, sir! He wasna that up, sir^ aither; but he just trippit over the graip at the honse en', sir. It micht hae happen't tae yersel', sir. He hadna aboon three gills in him, but the bottle made an unco hand o' his face. 'Deed ! ye ken everything, sir, au' its nae use tryin' to hide ocht frae ye. Adam, ye may come oot o' the bed noo ; the minister has heard a' boot it, though the Lord kens what limmer telt him." Accordingly Adam opened the close-bed, and came out and showed himself, to the amazement of the minister, who could not understand the situation till Adam related the whole affair to the amusement of every one present, 1 and it soon became a by-word, 1 Htio did Adatn fall ?" " Ower a graip, sir." 