HOBART IN THE SEASON. BY' A VisiTOR. III. Where next shall you go to enjoy yourself and what next shall you see ? Wait for a fine, hot day-for it can be hot in Hobart and then take a trap and drive down, or rather up and down, the Brown's River-road and take in the trap as much refreshment as you think you will need, then add a little more, for appetites grow in Tasmania. You will wheel along the harbour's run, past pretty villas under the shadow of an old battery of -something in the guise of one, past gardens flushed with the glory of flowers and fruit, and old- fashioned cottages that speak only of humble living in a past generation, and " the short and simple annals of the poor." And all about the country one can find these little homes got away among tbelaurolnnd hollyhocks, and all along the roads the hedges of sweet smelling briar. No place out of England seems quite so English ; no colonists are loss moulded into new types and expressions by the exigencies and conditions of new country. It is, perhaps, because the climate resembles, and there are some signs of configuration akin to, that of England. The little creeks and funnels, overhung with willows, and overlaid with lilies that creep slyly through the meadows and under the hills, have all the sense of quiet and rest that is the enchanting feature of rustic scenery in the Old Land. Even the humble people you meet seem, to have stepped out of English homes, and, like their prototypes, are quite as unambitious. But we must not forget in our drive to look out beyond the fields and farms to where Eagle Hawk Neck lies, and the high hills are, from which the signal arms stretched like the avenging Erinnys in warning of the escape of some wretched convict who bore the iron upon his limbs while the iron had entered into his soul.' Iiohind you lies another hill, gloomy now with a horrible association, from which a Nemesis ominously replied, and blood- hounds chafed in their chains for lust of human game. And soon you will climb another hill, up which will dogged slowness the time-branded outcasts trudged with clanking feet, bearing burdens like brutes and. beasts. Their prison walls The broken now and overturned, like cairns shaken of their stones, but the path is very hard as adamant where they beat their measured march 2 and one might think to meet in the hours of darkness the ghosts and shadows of for- gotten crimes. Brown's River is but a modest creek, that hides itself in moist glens, and creeps. slyly into the sea as though tired of its responsibility ; but by just such streams could the dreamer call up the proud and purple skies of the East and the yellow piping of the great god Pan as he sat by the reeds in the river, " Is there wonder I took me to dreaming Of the gardens of Greece and old Rome, Of the fair watered niotidoxvs of Ida, And the hills where the gods made their home? Of the Argonauts Hung to by strong, Of Andromache, Helen of Troy, Of Prosmpine, Henry Dolores And the Fates that build up and destroy ? Of the phantom-like, green Thorcsca, And the Naiad and Dryads that give To the soul of the passionate dreamer The visions of fancy that Hvo In the lives and the language of mortals Unconscious, but sure as the sea; And that make for great losses repayment To wandering singers like me I " Next you must see the Blowhole a mile or so away, through fields of blue gum, myrtle, wattle, and briar, and throwing yourself upon the grassy edge look down and see the tide with a moaning hollow rush crowd through the rocky entrance, and stretch out white foam fingers to the changeless walls, and failing this sink back again to the mother sea, to return and retreat thus from hour to hour and for over and a day. If you grow tired of this, you can stroll to the rocky shore, and, looking down a hundred feet, hear " The water lapping on the crag, And the long ripple washing in the reeds." All this is not nature on a grand scale, but it is nature on an enjoyable scale nevertheless and you can be happier that it is not grand enough to fill you with awe. Then in the twilight you can drive back again to the slow old sty, measurably content even though you have seen nothing but nature dressed in very. homespun garb, and have treated her with a nonchalant good nature. Now, wait a day or two and learn something more of the character of this island people and their oldest town. There is little modern looking about the place. Yollow-pnintod vehicles, as ancient as " the deacon's one-horse shay," roll ponder- ously along. Irish jaunting cars turned outside in, and warranted to carry a whole family or a corporation, Flood at corners as they might have stood when George III. was king, and will stand thus mayhap the same when Albert Edward is the " loan and slip pored pantaloon " and the nineteenth century has put on its grave-clothes. To drive in one of them would be like chartering a church belfrey on wheels to ride down the slopes of Naxos, the feeling of antiquity would be so strong. There are more old men in Hobart, I think, than in any other city of Australasia-a fact that speaks well for the climate. Old men and maidens. And I think the old men are more antiquated looking than any other old men one sees in English-speaking communities now-a- days. I do not know that antiquity is a quality not usually found in old man, but those are more antiquated. The gardens are not. They are as fresh as if nature renewed nor work every morning. There died out at the Huon a few months ago a chirpy young patriarch of IOS years, who was not even then willing to leave the pomps and vanities of this wicked world," and his great and small. Some people never are satisfied. The old fellows of the humble class are not generally of Naicissus-liko beauty, and the old women are hardly of that comeliness that mails the caste of Vere de Vere." Yet I remember one old woman at the Huon who looked as if she had stepped out of one of Hogarth's pictures, to sweet, so noble, so handsome was she in face. Sixty yours had not whitened her jet black hair, dimmed the eye that in youth might have caused St. Anthony trouble, or robbed the cheek of colour. She kept a public-house sho, with a face that would have done for the martyr-saint Elisabeth, and she would boil the eggs too hard. But there would never be any difficulty in finding the ancient hero of Holme"s "Last Loaf" in Tasmania " But now his nose is thin, And it rests upon his chin Like a staff; And a crook is in his back, and a melancholy crack In his laugh. I know it is a sin for me to sit and grin At him hot o; But his old three-cornered hat, And his brooches and all that, are so queer." If you do your duty and go to church on Sunday, you will find the topaz light of older days there, too, falling down through chancel pane and transept, and because much is old-fashioned, from the curls that grizzled now fall about temples and cheeks that are no longer young, to the pews with their high barricades, so gentler falls the influence of the days when " the old, old story " was now and the Promised came and His people know Him not. Only in one or two churches will the old pows be found. Modern habits are grafted on old horse like now ribbons on the old wedding dress still the leaven of antiquity is there. It is not easy to raise money. in Hobart for anything, and less easy for religious purposes. Thus a Uno cathedral, as I have said before, waits a few thousands to complete it, and a manly, devoted, popular Bishop, by all his efforts eau move the wheel but little. The colonies need more of such Bishops. There is reason for the lack of large endowment for anything. Tasmania has not many wealthy people, and such as there are come under the category of landed monopolists The average income is very much less than in the other large cities of Australia, and people cannot contribute as they would otherwise do. Little by little all educating, religious and philanthropic associations grow, and where £500 could be raised in Sydney in an hour, it would require months I there. The people are not "forehanded" and parsimonious ; they are, because the conditions of life require them to be not, only economical. Hence such progress as they do make is a source of oil well earned pleasure They can point with pride to some good schools such as Christ's College, Hutchin's school and the Scotch College; and this museum, in the care of the enthusiastic and talented curator, Mr. Alexander Morton, grows more worthy the capital of a colony every day. There is a feeling. that the new wing, of which the corner stone has just been said, should be used for Tasmanian exhibits only, and this would seem wise. For the national honour every ache and sign Tasmanian should be preserved for the use and education of generations to come. It is of far greater importance to them that they should know the aboriginal life of their own country and its fauna and flora than to stand in pumped up amazement before the blue gum of Onl owes o Carozzi Cabinets of a miniature Tag 31 is to time spoken of some queer old people that one sees in Hobart and of habits that are not now considered modem On Christmas Day going in search of my own dinner at the further end of the town, I met scores of humble folk carrying their baked dinners home from the shops. Roast goose and apple sauce, mashed potatoes and parsnips leg of mutton and caper sauce, plum pudding and mince pie all steaming filled the air with a symposium of savory enrolls Boys who couldn't appreciate the smalls because their fingers were too hot and the pans were too heavy, old women boat and with faces like conspiracies who sniffed rather with their? blinking eyes and girls all plump and red faced who looked as it they ought to be put on over. diet, so boisterously healthy did they look-all, all bent upon bearing burdens to me as if) the flesh ' Audit the failed the kind gods would '"forgive them, for it would be from no lack of sustained devotion I would hate to say a word for Hobart meat and Hobart butchers. The former is good the latter understand their business The butchers' shops are clean and fresh, and that can be said of all shops and stores there Passing by the rains at night the homeless clean, tidy aspect and quietness still of the stranger most forcible One hears no brawling and very little noise in them at any time. The butcher still wears the blue smock and Dickens would not want him healthier looking Tho fishmonger is quite as unintelligible as elsewhere, and some of the bakers of city then broad around in handcuffs, but the woodchopping to Piemioi they are full of the milk of human 1 madness and ate novel in too big a hurry to prevent then doing a 1 nil at t Still, they are in no sense demonstrative I could imagine a group of the Hobart State, standing before thoglomiy grandeur of one ofbilvatoi boat's pictures or under the influence of Teacher in The die-if there were a Rachel now-and show their appreciation only by a sash or satisfaction, faull, none the less do they appreciate rather more An au bones of a thousand in Hobart does not represent a great deal of expressed enthusiasm but it services a good average of intellect The low of classes are intellectually.) slower than in the other colonies. There is not the red of how to brighten there some of them were never ten miles out of Hobart, and tall old of fay dney as though it were as distant as Spitzbergen I started out to tell you where to go and what to see but I have not much more space is You will go to the Botanical Gardens of course where you will be more at home than in those or Sydney of Melbourne either You will also go some day out to the suggest spot in the hills, the Cascade Brewery It is a wonderful combination of beauty and cool There is enough good tichthctuio for a convent, and rumour hath it that the beer is fit for an abbot Away up in the hills girdled by fields of grassland orchard trees and cool signs, it looks down over the city and the harbour, secluded yet in a position of vantage The company has very great interest and a capital of £220 000 in for 000 shares and it you will look in Walsh's Almanac for 1887 -You will find some information concerning it sandwich d botwion a notice of the Bible Society and a permanent building association So much for good company, The place is worth a visit, because of the beautiful surroundings You will go some day likewise to " Gentle Annie " Falls at Fern Tree Bower, and he and count the great fern fronds and listen to the chatter of the brooke It is a fair given with a touch of grandeur about it. Then go on down the Huon road, and for miles you will sit in a maze of wonder at all the beauty no lavishly strewn about A heeling round the curve of a honored wall, you will come full upon gorges where laurel, tern, myrtle and tangled meshes of flowers crowd up to the giant gums that stretch up solitary and alone, as though they. would dust the star ducts from the sky Some of them look as if they had outgrown their clothes, and would like to crawl back again, but nature permits no backing down Enjoy this drive all you can, for it is the best in Tasmania When by you have crossed the Huon River, and reached Franklin, make a note of the fact that instead of being born in 1858 you were born in 1829 and stick to it all the time you are there for the people may resent it if you do not It is only 1658 those now, it is a Darby and Joan village that Goldsmith would have been delighted to visit In la t Goldsmith is your room while you are in Tasmania and of these people he would have said " then wants but few, their pleasures all confined " Do you believe in spiritual heroism ? Let me tell you something There is a clergyman at the Franklin who has a parish of uOOO people and he holds service Idtimoj i week riding from one station to another, success and persistent, doing the Master s work To gain an influence over the coming man who organised a brass band, and for a time taught them himself, besides he is in enthusiasticbeokoopcr, and writes articles on bees and natural history v for the House ( Mercury " Ilo know the ii mt and pal tout strove to it, He felt men's hotel and motor vi withhold his hand, to sew one star, and hold his course to it. He loved-one is forgotten in the mel " You must visit New Norfolk and the S dinon Ponds, and if you are fortunate enough to have a companion as genial and unselfish as the Colonial Treasurer of Tasmania you will peel tps enjoy it as much as I did. If you go back via "Melbourne you will think your self sometimes as hot as you pass through the hop district but do not be moved to pious boats when the guard announces Jon he and Jot uQ them or when you sent Lake Tiberias Bml on your hands for a longer march It is a false alarm 