THE LIME-KILN CLUB. ' While i doaa' went to seem capshns or ober pertickler,' said Brother Gard ner as the meeting was called to order, 1 dar' am a few things i desiah to call your attenshun to at dis time. Here- tofo' nuffin' has been said when mem bers sat in de meetin' an' ate herrings. Dat purceedin' mast now be stopped. Dey might her eaten smoked herrings in de Roman Senate, bnt dat was in anoder aige, an' perhaps de smell wasn't so bad. ' Some of you members walk in heah wid a raw onion in one pocket and a cold biscuit in de odder, an' you eot an' munch, an' munch an' sot until dere am not a dry eye around you. Arter dis eavenin' sich things must be left at Lome. ' Sartin members git in de backseats an' remove deir shoes an' whittle off deir toe-nails, pare down deir co'ns, an' rub away at deir stone-brnises. Kin«uch purceedings be witnessed in Congress ? From dis night out de member who is cotch in sich a performance will receive a paralyzing shock. 'Sartin members hev got into de habit of elevatin deir hoefs on top of de stove an' winder sills an' takin' things powerful easy. When dat triangle sounds herearter all hoofs mns' be on de floor, an' if it becomes necessary to elevate 'em an applic&shun; sent to tbe Seckretary's desk will probably be favor ably acted upon. ' A few sartin members hev bin in de habit of slippin' out of de room wid- out axin permishun, as purvided fur in de by-laws. 1 hereby warn sich pussons dat de nex' one who slips out will slip in a great deal faster, fur I shall be at de outer door in pusson to help him. ' We want dignity — not too much, but jist 'nufl. i doan' want so much dignity here dat i can't wink to Samuel Shin to jab a pin into Elder Toots when de latter gem'lan begins to snore in his sleep, or dat Kurnel Cahoots will carry off a resolushion in his pocket bekase he am a feared to present it. If a member's co'ns ache he kin withdraw to de aunty-room an' cajole wid 'em. If de fiah bells ring one or two members kin step softly out an' post deirselves on de location of de hungerin' flames. i doan' want to be too strict, but i shall insist on de same dignity heah as kin be found in de State Legislachur, an' de sooner you all accustom yourselves to de change de better it will be fur you.' wipjed out. For some time past reports of a very unfavourable character have been re ceived from 1 The High Old Steppers,' a branch of the Lime-Kiln Club es tablished at Nashville. The officers and members have been charged with various derelictions, and early in May the President was arrested, convicted and sent up for ninety days for having a bag of meal in his possession which belonged to a grocer half a mile away. He was no sooner incarcerated than the lodge passed a resolution that the laws of this country were made by despots, enforced by tyrants, and should be resisted by the bayonet. Its charter was at once demanded by the parent club, and in giving notice that the branch no longer existed, Brother u»iuuer bum . De High Ole Steppers will step a good deal lower arter dis, an' we shall be keerful how we establish fucher branches in Nashville. When a man in dis kentry cums to the conclushuQ dat dc laws ar' agin him he will b'ar watcliin' wid boaf eyes open. He's either bin stealin' somethin', or is achin' to kill off a policeman on gineral principles.' WARNED TO STAY AWAY. Under the head of communications the Secretary announced a letter from Kurnel Backspring Johnson, of Selma, Ala. The Kurnel bosses a & depart ment in an oil mill through the week and preaches to the best of his lung power on Sundays. He has invented a new method of settling the fisheries question between the United States and Canada, and he wrote that he should head for Detroit in two weeks to appear before the Lime-Kiln Club and give his method to the world. After delivering his address he should remain in Detroit several weeks to take lessons in white- washing, and would be tbe guest of Samnel Sliin, for whom he had conceived a grand admiration. Tbe reading of the letter bad scarcely been concluded when Samuel was on bis feet, trying bis hardest to turn pale. Visions of giving up his bed and sleep ing on the floor — of his household expenses increasing one-half — of calls to loan hie ruffled Sunday shirt and nankeen vest, danced before his eyes until his tongue could not utter a word. 'Sot down, Brudder Shin — sot down !' observed the President. Dis Cha'r not only realizes what your feelin's ar,' but sympathizes wid yon. De Seckre- tary will write to de Kurnel to de effects dat dis ar' our clyclone, smallpox chol era an' airthqoake season, an' dat he conldn't live five minite arter strikm' Detroit. If dat doan' do we will tele graph him dat a pusson of his name is wanted here for murder.' COMPLIMENTARY. Under the head of ' a Distinguished Arrival,' the Terrs Hauls Gazette lately contained the following, the reading of which by the Secretary was listened to with much interest : Brother Giveadatn Jones, of Detroit, Mich., one of the leading lights of the famous Lime-Kiln Club that meets in Paradise Hall, dropped quietly into the city to-day, his mission being the in vestigation and making a report on the k establishment of a local branch of that gigantic and sublime organization re cently petitioned to Grand Lodge Brother Gardner, the philosopher pre siding. To a Gazette reporter Brother Jones states 'that while he thought a branch could be "'stablished heah," he could not give his assent to the pro posed location of the hall in "Happy Alley," nor the rink in "Happy Hollow," 'kase he had diskivered two huge poultry establishments near by. The wonderful love of the cullud man and brodder for chicken was eo great that halls wonld be turned into ' hen neries' nightly, which would be agin the principles of the Lime Kiln Club. ' 2. He had not yet investigated the hights of the chicken roosts of Terre Haute, whioh is one of the "sentials ' of a preliminary report. ' 3. He wonld have to find out the attitude of the Salvation Army towards tbe branch, as (hey have busted np some branches by making them con verts. < 4\. He thought the branch wonld be located in Bagdad. Brother Jones explained to the club that be should probably make a favour able report on the establishment of a branch, as he could start off with thirty- nine members, who neither ' shot craps,' played policy nor believed in ghosts. He was hesitating on account of the public morals of the place. The gamb ling houses and saloons were running wide open all day and all night the week through, and the general demeanor of the colored people was reckless. He was seeking to secure a lodge room in the garret of a nine-story building, where it would be above these influ ences. 