Our Paris Letter. [FltOH OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.! November 20. ' It uppeurs to bo ns difficult to obtain a governor for Toiicmiu 119 a prince for Bulgaria. Such vacancies iiro now drugs in the market. Both civilians nnd militalra fight shy of tho ? deadly climate of Tonqiiin. ' Wanted horoas for cholera und dysentery ' is Rochefort's bait. Why not try General Kaulbnrs, as ho is now out of work, nnd is known to stop at nothing. The journals aro trying to joko Jules Ferry into accepting uie rcsiuentsnip 01 xonquin— a coiony lie invented. Ho, too, dreads Bert cholera. M. do Frcycinct would give him the appointment at once if only on tho principle which led tho Marquis do Stoyno to aid hia fricael, Kaw don Crawloy, in obtaining a colonial appoint ment in some pestiferous nook of 'tho uniTorse. Thero would bo 0110 rival less for tho Gruvy succession, and tho riddance of a plotter U- overthrow the Cabinet' would bo effected. If Jules Ferry succumbed, his adversarict could eny ho was puniithed where ho sinned, mid his pretty young wife could bo partly consoled by tho Government presenting her with a secretly effected assurance policy on tho life of the dear departed, us tho Cabinet is accused of having done in tho case of Paul Bert. Tho latter will be tlio Bauquo's ghost for those contemplating seeking their fortune in Touquin. Better try, like M. l'opp, to secure three gullible English men to put down half a milliou of francs to extract gold out of tho powdered building stone of Paris, boiling all with kitchen salt, till tho capital l(B used up. Madagascar has turned up again, just at tho moment when the budget was likely to be balanced by postponing tho deficit, and tho faster, Medutti, had arrived at tho stage of drawing on his sitomwsh Btore of lobster and ?walnut shells, plus tho chicken bones ho crushed like a pulverising machine. Madagascar illus trates the slip between the cup and the lip. A few weeks ago all was serene ; now tho situa tion is liko that of the father-in-law in tho comedy — tvul ert rompu inon tjemlre. This time tlio American missionaries aro accused of put ting spokes in the wheels of French diplomacy. The dispute is very clear. Franco is limited respecting Malagasy independence, and prac tically slio wishes to be all in all, which tho inhabitants refuse. France must now decide either to send out a new expedition, spend money and men to conquer the island, or to retire with loss of prestige. That colony aud Tonquin are the two millstones which Jules Feny, aided and abetted by Bismarck, has tied round the neck of France, and at a time when the country, in presence of the volcanic con dition of the continent, has need of its every franc and every soldier. Monfieignor Perraud, Bishop of Autun — once Talleyrand's diocese — was selected to pro nounce the panegyric on the late Archbishop of Paris, Cardinal Guibert, a solemnity ordinarily celebrated 30 days after tho death. Funeral orations are of two kinds— tho Bassuot style, where all is epithets and eloquent com monplaces ; or tho modern, confined to a running homily on the life-incidents of the defunct. The latter was adopted by Bishop Perraud. He sketched the career of tho lato archbishop — whose father was a stonecutter, and his mother a' wool- eombev — rising 'step by step, by meritorious aud Christian work, from a lowly curate up to the premier eaidinalship of France. By order of ? Pio Nono, the deceased cardinal, when Arch bishop of Tours, was directed to try and arrange the difficulty between France and Ger many, so that they would cease fighting, and leave the iesuo to Papal mediation. Tho belli gerents apparently preferred to leave the muffin* -u-it-li flip friui nf lmttios. !»/;/.« +.!).-- biggest battalions. Two incidents in the late cardinal's career aro ns follow : Ho turned his episcopal palace ut Tours into an hospital, and for a thno had at his table tho members of tho Government— Cromieux, who was a Jew, and Gambetta, a materialist. Car dinal Guibert once begged the Prussian com mander to spare the lives of some peasants who had indulged in free pots at the invaders. 'Certainly,' replied tho. com mander, ' if you adviso the people not to resist.' Tlio archbishop refused, be lieving, as a patriot, such would weaken the national tlefencc. It was something liko the Emperor Charles V. keeping tho Pope a be sieged prisoner in the UasSo of St. Angelo, ?while ordering the celebration of prayers for his deliverance. BishopPerraudishimselfacelebrity. Ho is a native of Lyons, and 58 years of age. He was destined ior a literary career like his college chums, Taine, Sarcoy, nnd About. However, he took orders, joined the Oratorians, and became a doctor in thcolojjy in 18G5, and was nominated to the Professorship of Ecclesiastical History at tho Sorbonuo till 187-1, when ho was made a bishop. He is als» ?a member of the academy. Ha is as thin as Succi aft'r a 30 days' fast, and recalls one of those ascetic taints in stone which ornament the portico of a cathedral. Hits austerity moro than his eloquence stirred his auditors. His baymjc Wtiniire for au academician is not heavy, neither is it rich; in any casu it. is superior to that of his co-ucademician, tlio Due do Pas-quier, who has none at all, but who has promised for many years to bring out 0110 book when tho academy completes its dictionary — they are now at the letter C. Tho bishop has delivered on former occasions eulogiums on Arch bishop Dnrboy, shot by the Communists, and iTcanne d'Arc bm-ned by the English, though M. Delapieuc, a Frenchman, has published a book to demonstrate the only burning tho maid experienced was that of love, since she married, lived a Darby-aud-Joan life, and on a patriotic pension, yearn after the period when her ashes were said to have been cast into the Seine. . Monsicguor l?erraud, among a fow other works, published, in 13G7, two volumes 011 ' Contemporary Ireland.' Tho book made Eome noise at tho time; it had a peppery prefaco by tho late Bishop Dupau loup ; the whole being a kind of indictment against English religious intolerance. It is a curious fact that all French books, referring to any 'crank,' run in tho same groove. Allthut is produced about Ireland always treats of England's past conduct towards tlio Green Isle, but shirks the living present, of which wo desire to know. The author states, na a belief not 20 years old, that Ireland is capablo of supporting.24,000,000 of people. M. de. Beau mont limited tho number to 35,000,000. The author also expressed tho opinion that 'Irish emigration to England was destined to mar tho effect of bringing back the inhabitants of thut great island to tho faith of Gregory tho Great und St. Augustine' Further, that 'the key to all Ireland's political and social difficulties is to bo sought in her roligious proaecution in tho past, and in her Jnot having gone over to apostasy at tho timo of the Reformation.' Tho bishop's brother is also a clergyman, aud curiously enough, his speciality is tho ' Down fall of Poland,' ti subject not now mentioned before ears polite, when II. Floquot is president of tho Chamber, nnd Russian grand dukes in Paris aro as plentiful as blackberries, and aro hying to cajole tho French republic into u morganatic marriago with eairism. The French huvo discovered that investing in op pressed nationalities— whether Polish or Bul garian — docH not pay, ns for instance, Italy and Germany, which .now hem her in like one 0 Dante's purgatorial circles. Tho flutters, Merlatti and Succi, continue to bo tho 'men of tho time.' Tho former has melted tho (solid flesh ho put up in advance down to tho counting-of-his-bones stage. Of the two classes into which socioty has boon said to bo divided — tlioso who havo inoro dinners than appotito, and tlioso who have move appotito than dinners— the latter are moro in terested in Succi's magic battle for triok ing .an -empty- stomach.. There- is nothing positively now in showing onoo-bosiogod Parisians how to die of hunger, except that it is an antidote against bad dinnors. Attention has been rather fixed on tho quan tities of food both .f asters can toko in boforo commencing their solf -starvation. Wo nro anxious to learn somothing about their stomachs ; aro they formed liko other pcoplo's ; how do they becomo blown out like a bnlloon, swollen liko a French budgot, or expansive liko tlio floodB in the south of Franco ? Ato their stomachs composed of gild-beater' b skin or iudia-rubbor from Do Brngga's Congo oom monwenlth ? Louis XIV. had a stomaoh f our timos_ greater than any of his loving subjects ; Cardinal Wolsoy had, too, an unbounded stomach ; Fnlstnff hold grief blow a man up liko a bladder ; yet ecienco has never oxplainod thoso . exceptions. Dr. Lnbbio, who can oxtraot forks .-and tpoons accidentally BwnhWcd, orporhap3 a chest of plate, out of stomachs, -without doing liny hurm to their owners, might solicit Morlatti to submit himself to Jin operation, mid bo lot Kcicnce get an Asrnodcan. poop into his interior, It would bo as interesting an experiment as Paul Bert's grafting a mouse on the baclc of a cat, or the log of a Rouen duck on tho ampu tated claw of a Cochin China hen, a raeo-union that Scuor Cnstelar ought to note as worthy of a place in his European Republic. For the future, in tho Broca Medical Museum, where the skeletons of criminals aud the brains of celebrities — Gambetta and Broca himself to wit— are preserved, photos, of tho owners will to placed alongside tho 'remains.' Evcrymcin ber of the Post- mortem Socioty leaves his body for dissection, and snch other medical use his surviving colleagues may decide. 'Itossel,' who murdered tho publican's wife, has been unlucky in rushing to Algeria for safety ; had ho remained in Paris, and opened n shop— say hosido a police station, ho might havo lived to be a centenarian. Biobler will likoly cut short his days, if St. Gvivy does his duty. Rossc-1 exacted that before ho inndo a full confession before the examining magis trate, he should bo supplied with a Gargantuan breakfast. The bargain was made. Tho dust men in cleaning a reservoir in thoRueDufoncT, found a largo bottle, in which were the frag ments of a new-born and healthy child, freshly cut up ; the bottle was carefully sealed. GIuhs coffins aro an ancient institution. During the fighting at Sedan Bismarck rodo over to the Belgian frontier to see if the troops were strong enough to disain; tho French if they retreated across tho border. On returning he gin u it Ji« his opinion tho Belgian soldiers had ' too lii-.tch ciat.' It is presumed that if the French decido over to invade Germany they will make mi ugly rash through that cock- pit of Europe, Belgium. Hence, King Leopold is occupied, like othor potentates, with army organisation. Aware that just as the twig is bent the trco is inclined, ho approves of school battalions; tho lads will have a royal blue tunic with scarlet braidings and knicker bockers instead of pantaloons. Wo doubt, when oalled out for active service, they will be supplied with Hessian boots. Tho uniform is more picturesque than that of young France. Ifay the canteen in both cases neTer fall short of lolly-i-ops and hot cross buns ; and may the repeating rifles bo confined to sticks of barley siiK»r. The population of the Celestial empire — 500,000,000 say— has one inhabitant less, Tin Tun Ling. He has been gathered to his ancestors, but has been so Parisinnised, that ho begged liis bones would never becomo ' an article of exportation,' like Gambetta's 'cleri- calian.' Tin &o.;, was an undoubted Chinese in eye and pigtail, but ho was picked up when a baby, at some eastern port, and 35 years ago imported intg Paris, dutrr free, ns a GhinoUerie. He was tho only living specimen of the celestials then known in this city of light. Ho was adopted in a sense, byTheophile Gautior, and by tho force of induction, perhaps of heredity, Tin Tun Ling taught himself his own native language, nnd made up the history of his country. However, so rapidly did ho acquire western manners, that ho married a* Parisian laundress. When his first wife arrived from Singapore, he pleaded he had forgotten the dear creature, and ho was acquitted of adultery. He was an assistant professor in several oriental languages, and gained a few francs by sitting as a model for artists. Of late ho lapsed into melancholy; ho ceased to bo a curiosity, as formerly, the French having been taught more about China through Jules Ferry than did all the travels of Abbe Hue. The Chinese em bassy and his French friends followed Tiu's remains to tho grave. Marshal 21 'Million's only daughter is to be married. She has not a single sous of fortune. Her father was cleaned out by his expenses when President, Ms party fooling him into tho belief his fortune would be recouped when, as a General Monk, he brought back tho king. The marshal is as poor as a church mouse, and lives on tho wreck of his wife's fortune. M. do Lepseps has entered his 82nd year, and his lady will soon present him with a littla ' Panama.' 