AOTA POPULI. . By the Flaneur. . . ? .??.. When the Jennings party was in power the pa triot Parkes was never tired denouncing the shameful manner in which the reigning- Ministers were, flying round the country oh binjie-bursting banqueting excursions, while the country, to the aforesaid patriot's great dismay, was slithering off at the rate of a thousand miles an hour to inevi table destruction. Circumstances alter cases, however, and we find that although our bleeding country was never in a more pitiable plight than she is to-day, still bur all-devouring Premier, whose alligator-like stomach refuses nothing but broken bottles, has -just returned from his tenth free feed during the late recess, and is ready to do ten more at a moment's notice. The only Minister who has endeavoured to learri anything about the country's wants during the Parlia mentary holiday is Mr. Abigail, and all that ho has been able to acquire in the way of experience is a ' doocid bad cold id 'is doze,' and a morbid dislike for rabbit pie. To add to his troubles, every post brings him, on an average, at least three vanloads of certain - cures for the bunny plague, and it is 'jaid that the unfortunate Frawncis is now afflicted with the. hallucination that he is a sort of Australian bully Bottom, and wears a rabbit's head on his shoulders instead of his own. As yet he only favours two suggestions which have been made for rabbit extermination, and both of these come from Southern sources. The first is to poison all the water-holes in the rabbit country, so that the rabbits may drink thereof, and then roll over and die on the spot. Frawncis thought this a most excellent plan, at first, and was already filling in a cheque for the ;825,000 reward, when someone informed him that the scheme had certain drawbacks, in asmuch, as rabbits were total abstainers in the true sense of the word, and wouldn't drink even a drop of water, whereas cattle would drink whenever they got a chance, and if a squatter found 30,000 . or 40,000 of his stock stretched out near a poisoned water-hole he might possibly feel annoyed, and use offensive language when speaking about the doings of the 'good Government.' Frawncis accordingly tore up the cheque, and , is now concentrating the whole of his master mind on the other proposal to the effect that he should carpet; every inch of the infected earth with coarse wire netting* so that the scut- tailed marauders could be kept down, and the grass allowed to grow up. That would be very nice, indeed, and when it is carried out every ?' ? sundowner' in the rabbit country will enjoy the luxury of sleeping on a wire mattress, and will reverence the name of Abigail as much as our Scotch friends do that of 'his Grace the. Dook ov Argylfe.' . . : ? ^ . ^ :' ? In spite of Sir 'Eriry's vast experience in ban quets, he has something yet to learn in the way of fixing up a bill, of fare, and there is at least one more gastronomic treat in store for him before he goes to that lone, dark hole in the mountain-side of which he has given us so much sad chat of late. It appears that the present year is the 300th anniversary of the introduction of the priceless potato from Virginia, North America, into Ire land, and Dan. O'Connor, Julian Salomons, Herr Kretchsmann, Quong Tart, and a few other dis tinguished Irishmen have determined to celebrate the occasion by a grand banquet. Sir 'Enry has kindly consented to become an Irishman for this occasion only^ and as a similar shivoo has recently been celebrated up Queensland way, I respectfully submit a copy of the banquet programme for the guidance of the above patriotic lovers of the sub-: lime ' spud.' \ ; ' ?? ????????? '?'?? menu. ? ; ? ?'' ? '??; . : VlNS. ' ? ;'? ? . :;?;:-:?? ??'??--:' . ?. . ' ':',?? ;: '.::,-.. :,:? ? Whisky, 1878. Potatoes and Herrings. .; Whisky, 1879, Salt Herrings aveePomme de Ter re. ? Whisky, 1880. Potatoes and Red Herrings. , Song, with bagpipe obligate— ' I'm a rattlin bhoy from the county Down'— Quong Tart. Whisty, 1881. Potatoes aux ' Natural (with their jackets on). ? Whisky, 1882. Mashed Potatoes and Snlt Herrings. Sentimental Songr — ' Stella kissed me through the night.' By the gifted young composer, Sir H. Parkes. Whisky, 1883. Baked Potatoes and Loch Fyne Hnrrings. Whisky, 1884. Boiled Potatoes and Dam 3?yne Herrings. ' . ' Irish Jig . ; . Hon. Frawncis Abigail. Whisky, 3885. Pickled Herrings and Potato Pie. Whisky, 1886. More Potatoes — More - Herrings — More. . ? ?? ; '- ' Whisky. '?;-,?:?; -v ' Grand Finale — 'The Wearing of the ' i ???.,.- Green' — Quong Tart, and full strength ' ? ''''''? of Company. That, I imagine, is quite a novelty in the way of banquet programmes, and I am thankful to the potato-peeler who sent it to me. Although it is an article of historical faith that ' Raleigh brought the potato from America to Ire land in 1587, still I am of opinion that the grand old tuber was long before that date brought from Ireland to America, and by the Irish themselves. In the ' Popol Vuh,' a book by the Abbe Brasseur de Bourbourg, on the ancient people of Mexico and Central America, I find a passage which says : — ? ? ? ? ':?'?'?? ' ? ; ' v ' ?' '' ?? '??''' , ' There is an abundance of legends and tradi tions concerning the passage of the Irish into America, and their habitual communication with the Continent many centuries before the time of Columbus. We should bear in mind that Ireland was colonized by the Phoenicians. An Irish saint named Vigile, who lived in the eighth century, was accused to Pope Zachary of Having talked heresies on the subject of the antipodes. At first he wrote to the Pope in .reply to the charge, but afterwards went to Rorne in person to justify him self, and there proved to the Pope that the Irish had been accustomed to communicate with atrati s- Atlantic world.' ; ; Ireland and the potato evidently catne into existence at the same hour, and are mutually de pendent on each other.. It is the dear little spud that brings pluck to the soul of an Irish lad and beauty's bloom to the cheek of an Irish girl, and now the apotheosis of it is close at hand, for Yic torian journals tell us that a company has been floated in Wangaratta for the purpose of distil ling whisky from potatoes, and in a few months more we will be able to sit under the shadow of pur own potato vine??, and eat our own potato pies, and wash them down with our own potato whisky. 'Lately I dropped a few hot bricks on the! stupid but highly prevalent fashion Australians have of swearing ; but if I wrote from now till the last day. I couldn't pen. enough against the j senselfess habit. There are times when a sudden I explosive shout acts as a safety-valve, and seems to relieve one's over- charged feelings. This, to a certain extent, may be excused ; but nothing can be put forth in defence of those who, as the Eoyal Psalmist says — ' Clothe themselves with curses as with garments,' and seem to desire to have the very latest fashions both in clothes and curses. It is simply impossible for a modest woman to walk our streets without having her blood chilled by the 'fearful volley of oaths and the general obscenity she hears. Of: course I can't expect everyone to be as moral as myself, but I would like to point out that of all sins swearing is the most senseless. The gambler, the drunkard, and the like get a certain amount of real animal pleasure out of their offences, but there is no more fun to be obtained out of a curse than there is m 'butting your head against a rushing tram car. Many men, and some of our very best men in other respects, swear so naturally that they see no earthly harm whatevor in it, and this recalls the plan adopted by the wife of one of these parties' to cure him of his failing. Coining home one sultry day the champion ^-'-n-o,. throw himself into a chair, mopped his summing brow and exclaimed : 'By glory, Polly, this has been a h— 1 of a day, hasn't it?' 'Well, I don't know, Jack,' replied Polly in her sweetest tones. ' What the hir-l has been the matter with it ?' If the ghost of Oliver -Cromwell had suddenly stepped up -and -asked Jack to lend him an umbrella he couldn't have been more thunder struck than he was ;at hearing the obnoxious word roll out so glibly from his virtuous wife's fair lips. He looked and gaped like a stuck pii-, and it only took 24 hours to break him off the swearing- habit completely, which 'Polly' did by repeating every ' swear word ' he used in her presence. ..Now, he doesn't swear even when ho misses a, nail: and clouts his thumb with the treacherous family hammer, and once when a plate of boiling hot soup was emptied over his dove- coloured Sunday pants he actually smiled, and in' seraphic accents sang : — ' There is aland of pure delight, where saints immortal . . reign.' Married ladies, afflicted as 'Polly' was, would do well to cut the above par. out and paste it in their husbands' hats. 