UNITY, NOT UNIFORMITY. The following paper was read before the Yorke's Peninsula Ministerial Association recently by the Rev. W. A: Langsford:— The question of the union or re-union ^ of the different denominations of Christianity is certainly one which, during recent year*, ^* 8 oecai " e ?.J* la /ge share of attagion £ he + P™sibility of brethren ofjlifl^nt Prote^ant churches Churches dwelling w together in unity has never been seriously questidhed; but lately the subject Seems to hove €££en a more significant turn, and the question at present is not whether unity" is possible, but as to whether uniformity &s; well, is not only practicable but abo eminently desirable. By this we understand uniformity of church government as welL 'as of belief, at least in regard to what may for convenience sake be termed the. fundamental doctrines of Christianity, discussion has been entered upon by p&raes; occupying the different poltes qf church life, even those who have long maintained^ a spirit of exclusivehess, expressing a desire for organic fellowship with thow of ; 1 |he broadest and most charitable feeiiogs. Unity is a principle so thoroughly' admirbd, and so generally recognised abd universally recommended tor success in all good work, that, to exp r ess any sentiments, or to. take, any action which is at all likely to' hinder its attainment, one runs the :isk at once, of being exposed to. the charge of imcharitabteness. and by some thought guilty of tarymg to subvert the best interests of the. church in the world. This, however, .should not deter any man from giving free utterance to his conscientious convictions, even though he runs the risk of being misunderstood by his fellows. I may therefore at once state my own strong conviction that, while it is perfectly possible and eminently ..desirable that we should be united in our endeavo\irs jto to build up the church of God, and agression upon the kingdom of Satan, it is at present undesirable and impracticable that-we ehoolct all subscribe to one method of operation, or bow to one form of government. In making preparations to read this paper before you today, I have very fortunately managed to secure the opinions of some of the great thinkers in connection with the yaripus denominations of Christianity, arid knowing that the expression of their Views would be far more weighty and convincing than any words or thoughts of my own, .1 ha*e incorporated somewhat lengthy extracts, from their writings or speeches, which. wiUj-I sin. sure, help us all in our considerations of this interesting and important subject. It v TfiP> I think, be clearly seen: that the difeerenpe which exists instead of operating as r: hindrances to the spread of truth,; have. -on the contrary largely contributed to its extension* The one true church of the living God is the most liberal institution in existence. It is so charitable and so extensive in its. sympathies that it can embrace within its pale men of all lands and. colors. It is large enough to admit all the individual members of all the different - denominations which hold the .Fatherhood of .God, the Divinity of - Christ, and . the Dietyv and Personality of the Holy Ghost. : An the word of. God we have no <exact definition of the term " the Church," but we have certain Jsigaifibantphrases used by inspired men with regard thereto. Amoag others weinay men- ,'tion these, 'f All that in every -place call upiri.the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours," " All that love our Lord Jesus Christ in siacerity," " The Ghureb which is His body, the fullness of Him • that filleth all in all.'' The term is ussd,wh$n speaking of a small number met together .-*a a private house, hence we hear the wor^s used again and agaija " the Church that is jm their house." It4s aJ«o ; nfed wfieo^p^ShS jDfjthe body.. pf believers • i^.ji^-^i^gS^te*^' jeity " The Church Chipph :of ; .God.,, which;^iS'-afej^^i^y^^ii^ Church of the lnM8olonian8," et^ ;;It wpn|d therefore appear from the teaching :,of^ ^e New Testimeot that each, of ihe..diSeiS&t; Christian societies constituted "<a. Ghiireh -^f . God. But the phrase ;iS; -also. ;]asedr. reference to the, whole body of belieyers I m every part of the world. ; " Upon this rock I build my Church" (Mat. xvi s . IS), u Christ is the head of the Chungi," '"Ghristlpved'tiie Church and gave hi^elf forit." These.Sre surely sufficiently clear to assurers as to the personnel of those who are included: within the pale of the, Christian church.) That cat time of the early establishment of the Church its actual menders could hs< distinctly stated is clear, but that this • was impossible immediately after—, is . just as apparent. The Church,included..allrwho became true • belivers in our Lord - Jesus Christ, whether they were recognised by the ecclesia or not. their names were written in heaven. Very eariy iu the history of the Church, there became manifest what m <y be termed •« individualism," but it was pf such a nature for a time that it -did not interfere with the cohesion of the brotherhood. The Rev. Benjamin Gregory, in the Fernley lecture of 1873, stateB:—" After the death of the apostles, on all questions of doctrine,, and the uaiversal, simple and invariable rule of Christian life, the apostolic writings in the gospels and the epistles supplied the place of the apostles, and the application of .the rule of faith and morals was left, at the-close of; the canon ot Scripture, to the local authorities in -this various churches. There is no trace l in Paul's past apostolic times of the jurisdiction of any one church oyer other churches; that is to say, of any central • authority having any right of * more direct or . formal than that of influence or persuasion, or that\ of voluntarily elected arbitratiOB. The aiigel of the Church' of Ephesus, Smyrna, etc., respectively, was responsible for the doctrinal and : ethical soundness of the church of which he was the constitutionally appointed representative and overseer. Yet the church Was none the less one body, because of the autonomy erf the various local societies, of which itS totality, was composed; It' was, and' styled itself the Catholic Church, in the absence of any geographical centre of unity, or sfcny primatial authority whatsoever. Its unity was still apostolic because the' writings :of the apostles (the gospels, the epistles, and the apocalypse) were the common standards of appeal on all matters of Christian doctrine aud life." That which existed thus early in the history of the <Jhurc!i still' exists, and if a man desires to do so he may join either of the denominations, Presbyterian, <2ongregationali Anglican or Methodist, and when he does so he at the same time becomes a member of that great Catholic -Church of which these are but parte; : Canon Farrar; in his " Early Days of Christianity," gives able expression to his mature judgment " jon the question before us. He sayrs:—* r T'h'e Christian faith does not centre in . a dogma, or in a book, but in a person, and this is the cause and- pledge of its essential unity: 1 But unity does not exclude diversity, pay, mote without diversity there could be ho true aihtj perfect unity. Where there is no iinity there is distraction, but where there is no diversity there is death; When the spirits of the prophets are not subject to the prophets* where every man is conscious onlv. of his own invisible consecration, where as in the Church of Corinth, everyone in his fanatical egotism is anxious to shout djown tbe truths revealed to others, that he may absorb the attention of all by his own " tongue," however barbarous, however dissonant, however unintelligible—where it is ignored that amid the diversities of gifts and ministration there is yet the translucent energy of one and the same spirit—there ia confusion, and railing, and irreligious strife. And where, on the other hand, all lips me- chanically repeat the 6ame shibboleth for centuries after its significance has passed away—where the dulness of a self-styled 4 orthodoxy' has obliterated the. many Jhu£B of the .wisdom, of<jGod—where enquiry is crushed under the heel of au- : thorUy^where,-in fact, there can be no indepepdent enquiry, because all conclusions are dictated beforehandby the tyranny of an ^usurped infallibility—there is .uniformity indeed, but therewith corruption and decay. When it'is persecution to alter the perspective of a dpctrine, and death to leave the «art. njt' pf a. system, when they who questionthe r miemterpretaftions of scripture, which..have "been pressed in to .the service of :pogjjlar., errors, must face the anger of latartL^i ignowiqce, when , there is no life left.^aye.tiiie spark, whichiglows m the ashes .... of the Jiiartyr^ or the lamp which flickers in Iffie^forqgt^jpeUj.jthen the caste whichhas Bused jtitfi keys ctftheKingdom of Heaven may bipast' indeed 6f .unity,, but it is the nnity '.jproa^cedi, % selfisliness in. the few .^ad. 8jerfd6m 'ip the many.. Tbe unity so '««Wfji;|B. fcfce stagiiancyof the unrip- . plecl fwater, the! monotony of the barren flanks. , ./It is the unity of the dead plain • * f where,, ,every molehill is a mountain, and /^very'Alstler^fprertltriee.?' ' In this latter J jgl^tfyp,; jty^ "' * deadlier ppril than in .tSf® Eyen ducords pan be inwrought ' i^toVtn.e Vast sequences of some mighty e'bannony,' but what great : music can be achifevcd With but a single note? Un- . broken uhanimi^ piay. be the boast of t> „'d&t;(gl}ing Baddbiint, a withered Confucian- ism,-a meehanical Islam; it cannot exist in \+ ^"fftjP" 1 living Christianity., If it exist at -all.it cati ' only be as a. unifoiraityof inj d^ereflce and' ignorance—a- uniformity of winter knd of nightl The uniformity of the noonday is only for the infinite. For. finite " beings,;if there be any light at ali. there must 'be the colors of the sunset, and sevenfold lnetre of the rainbow, which is only seen When there is rain as well as sun. ; Christianity in all churches was, and ever must be, in. its essence, Catholic,-— ^cne ".and indivisible*; and ^et Christians ^ih^recl in all minor matters the ransing • views of'the bodies tb which they belbnged. r b u t onejtoclc oj Christ, but (here are '>matoy''Joldt." The Rev. J. M. Owen, " the present' incumbent of St. Paul's, Adelaide,'in a sermon recently preached on -thi^matter, gave faithful and clear utter- "anceto'his Tie wis on this part of the- subject, 'and although lam not prepared to go with bint to the full length of his conclusions, yet, It "is a pleasure' to read his views, and especially so when ttey coincide with our own. /He- says:—" There are some words in the New^Tefltament whichare often brought forwaWi-as *a limitation of this Christ-given standard, Specially by that section of the 'religions world, which lays exclusive Claim tiJ^thetitleof "Catholic" and shows by its narrow «xclu8ive spirit that, it has no real insight into what the term imports. J The words 1 Preferred to are these:—' There shall be one fold and one Shepherd '—whence they iflfcr that all who are with Christ must •be within the same confines, speak rxactly the same. words, offer the same prayers in /the - self-same forms, repeat the same creeds in precisely similar terms, take the sacrairients. in-One uniform manner, wear similar \- outer'covering, arid pass on one monotonous ; watchword.' from : sentry to sentry. And s^mg the miseries which have sprung from -'tlie "weakness" caused -by division, and the eclipse-ol faith which has accrued in consequ'encfe/it is riot wonderful/or unnatural that such "a ^dtionshould have 'possessed many ; Oarnest'jSnd'unaffectedly pious minds; and, \--furthermore, if iphrist our Lord had used -tlie wbrds ato 'they bave jnst been quoted to you, there would be not a little foundation for sufeh'deductibns. But unfortunately for th£m J jari&jno;*^^ for God's world 5X la which are the all souls of Him wbo pur- ^sM the realization of all saints), Chrftfc aid'hot bee {if ohr record be. true) these prejcisie; ""trorfisi but said, 'There shall be one flock and on£ Shepherd.' One flock—His ' flock^for We own no other Shepherd and • Bishop of oil?: souls—may be, thank (Jod, and isin'inariyfolds here on earth, and, it seems, from otherwords of His. shall be so lierafter. •In my Father's House are many abodes,' He eaiys. All the folds make up one flock—all the -varying communions make up one Holy Catholic Church. So that the dreamy 'superstructure of a visible Church On earth reduced to one dead level of uniformity, instead of such a visible Ghuroh showing the living unity of the 4 ; essential principle of belonging -to one 'Owner,' of • being under one Shepherd,'of being with Christ, falls to the aground, as an idea of man before the "very utterance of -Christ Himself, and there is the comfort for us (may the God of peace grant us to receive it more and more) of being able? to claim the one true Shepherd as wur i own dear Shepherd, of being able to know that we are the sheep of His pasture, though God's circumstance may .have placed us in far different folds, •though we be members of the English, or Jloman, or Greek, Or Scotch, or of other cornmnnions, or even—we must dare to sav it on Afae warrant of incarnate truth—even, ]|n some few rare cases, though we belong to nostated communion at all. 'To be with -Christ' is the sole test of Catholic orthodoxy, and no man has any 1 right to claiai as indispensable to his brother-man's being of .tbe flock (as apart from bein^ of such and #uch a fold of the flock) that assent shall be required to auy other test." As bearing upon the same point the following opinion expressed by the Rev. Dr. Parkes, is of greatinterest. "It is in the presence of the Holy CJhost that we flni the true union of the church: • 1 There are diversities of operation ; and must always be such, but diversity of ^operation* does not destroy; or in any degree impair the unity of the spirit. There is one Spirit, there is one faith, though there be many creeds ; there 4s one baptism, though there.be many forms of it; there is one JLord though. He shine in a thousand -different lighs. We have been Tflinly looking for union in uniformity, and because: of the lack of uniformity we have oftentimes most ignorantly "mourned the absence of union. The Christian Church is APfMl^Pj^to a score of sects, but the Church itself is one. .; -When we seize that idea in all-its range and significance, we shall not be..seeking., any mechanical unification of Christendom. Christians iare one the world oyer.., To those who look upon things from the outside : only it would seem impossible that the , Arminian and the /'alvanist can both be leauiers of tbe. same,Bible, and -Worshippers of the same God. But their linity is not found in formality, in creedal expressions, in proposjtio^pal ; theology, in Ecclesiastical arrangement t,down in the centre of the heart in : a place untouched, so to say, hy human^ngiqrsiitheie/lies the common organic nerve that unites Christendom in it? worship .and in Its hc^ie. It is a common coniplaint amongst persons who do not look deeper than the surface, that Christians are_ mach. divided ; they are only divided., in outward expressions, there division as. compared with .their union is,: as a small drop, jji the bucket. When" the Cross is touched the defence never comes from any. one secion of the Church, the whole Church with unanimous lore and loyalty rushes to the vindication. (TO BE COJJXINUKD). 