VICTORIA. MELBOURNE. February 13. The V.A.T.C. races at Caulfield on Satur- day were well attended, although the weather was excessively hot. The following are the results :—Selling Race : Ariel 1, Liddington 2, The Ghost 3 : there were 13 starters, and Ariel won easily by half a length. Oakfield Handicap : Surprise 1, Master John 2, Chicago 3 ; 19 horses started for this event, which was won by a head ; time 1 min 9½sec. Handicap Hurdle Race : Louis 1, Spartan 2, Encore 3; 10 starters: won by a nose; time 3min 2sec. Criterion Stakes : Albert Loddon 1, Bedouin, 2, Willeroo 3; seven starters; won by a long neck ; time 1min ¾sec. Handicap Steeple- chase : Goodwood 1, Roulette 2, Studley 3; 12 starters ; won easily ; time 5min 37sec. Hawkesbury Handicap : Britisher 1, King of the West 2, Lesbia 3; 10 starters ; won by three-quarters of a length; time 2min 29>isec. The intercolonial cricket match—Victoria v. South Australia—was continued on Satur- day. South Australia concluded their in- nings for 170, and Victoria had lost five wickets in their second innings for 188 runs. Owing to the intense heat of the weather serious results are entertained regarding the water supply of the metropolis and suburbs. The Preston service reservoir is emptied, and great inconvenience is resulting from the shortness of supply. Numerous bush fires are reported in various parts of the colony. Late on Friday night a young man named John King was shot at East Melbourne by another youth named Henry Lancaster. Both are members of the local volunteer corps, and Lancaster fired his rifle point blank at King, who died in a few minutes. It is supposed that jealousy was the cause of the murder. Since the opening of the Teetulpa diggings severai gold swindles have been perpetrated. This week a man named Prior sold to a day afternoon just after disposing of similar gold to the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. An unpleasant discovery is reported from the Hepburn Estate Leasehold Mine. On the strength of results obtained in 1882 by a Government diamond drill a company was formed, which started operations by sinking a shaft that bottomed on Saturday at a depth of 420 feet, and instead of finding quartz as expected nothing but sandstone was discovered. A searching investigation is to be asked for. February 14. The Intercolonial cricket match was brought to an unexpected conclusion to-day, owing to the sudden collapse of the South Australian team. The Victorian second innings closed for 230 runs; but South Australia only scored 54 runs ; the Victorians thus winning by 44 runs. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against Henry Lancaster, for shooting John King. The accused was com- mitted for trial. February 16. Admiral Tryon informed the Premier to-day, that there was nothing unusual in the movements of Russian war vessels in Japanese waters, and no occasion for any ap- prehension on that subject. 