the message of the r BELLS. | A CHRISTMAS STORt, 1 By Adeline Sergeant, 1 Ant ot ' 3 WIte«' ' Under False Pretences I Elc. I I. i f be Christmas bells were peal in? overhead I The ehitnes, flung out fronl a lofty steeple 1 foto the wild and blustering night, rose and I r.u noon the wings of the wind : now loat I entirely in the rash of the winter storm, now | itMfiing with magical clearness across the I ears of listeners in the silent streets below, I yhus obaoging from moment to moment, the loaod had a ouriouely ethereal effect i it seemed to typify the eternal order of things, whereby, above the darkness, tempest, and desolation of earthly sorrow, celestial voioes were continually proclaiming peaos and good will to men. Bat transcendental meanings of this kind were lost npoh one listener. Those bells Ire enough io deafen one,' said Stephen Hat field to himself, as the bbimee broke clearly upon his ear in a momentary lull of the ! driving wind. Haven't we din enough all day without having it at night as well?' i Din enoaeh there was likely to be in the places he knew best. Redford was a large inannfaoturlng town apd a great railway junction, and Stephen Hatfield was a signal- nan on one of the lines that stretched aWay from the station in bewildering intrio&oy.; His box was a lonely spot. Sonnde from the town, however, reached It easily enough— the clank of hammers, the throb of great engines, the whirr of wheels from neighbour ing factories, the clash of bells from the «noroh steeples, the thunder of heavily laden Waggons over stony streets — these were familiar to him, and almost indistinguishable ene trem another. But late on Christmas Eve such disturbances had ae&ded.; Trie howling of thi wiadi the pealing of Christmas belts, could aloue be beard and yet Stephen Hatfield grumbled at the noise. There must have been something peculiarly Qffturoing io turn in toe sound. He was a dark-taeed, retioent man, with a toepinhis shoulders, and a way of lock ing at people from beneath his beavy -efye hrowa that was not particularly agreeable. A twrpetu&l; frown had settled upon his low, broad brow. His countenance was yet sad cither than morose the mouth was bon- tr&otedaeif; from constant pain, and Hie lark eyes were melancholy when seen in tepoee. The face expressed power of a Sertain kind ; something lay behind its quietude, something hidden and suppressed. What it was, perhaps he himself oould haws Scarcely told. He was making his way along the line to hisbor, going slowly, beoause it was not quite time yet to relieve hie mate, and swing- tog a lantern in his hand. With his head dawn, and his lipB mattering objurgations on the bells, he did not riotioe the figure of a man that oame towards him, passed him, and turned baok with a start, He heard, however, when biB name was oalled. Hatfield S Stephen Hatfield ! You're the man I came to see.' 1 Who ie it V ' It's me— George Dene 4 Don't you re member me ?' Hatfield Etarted in his turn, and raisec the lantern so that its light fell on the new- comer'B face. Hie own oountenanoe became suddenly tinged with a dull red flush, though in the darkness this ohange of colour passed unnoticed. After a moment's pioee, he eaid, in somewhat unsteady tones: y ' George Dene Ay, I remember. . And what brings you to Bedford, George Dene ?' ' Ain't you going to Bhake hands, Stephen V said a friendly voioe. " Don't you bear mali03, old man ! Fve come to tell yon that I've got work in Redford, and me and Grace thought we'd find you out firBt thing.' ' You — and Grace 1' repeated the man strangely, He continued to swing the lantern to and fro, without looking at his old acquaintance or eeeming to notice the offer of hie band. Why should you try to find me— you — and Graee ?' The other — he was a muoh younger man— burst into a cheery laugb. Why, to make friends with you, old man 1' ha eried. 1 Friends, as we used to be, you know, before this — this — shadow, this— sort of cloud — came over us. It's all past now, surely, It's five years ago, and you've i not temembered it against me U this time, have you, Steve?' t Yes, it's five years ago,1 said Stephen, tooodily, with his eyes upon the ground. George Dene Btared at him for a moment, i 'tew that Hatfield's words were not (steaded as an answer to his appeal. He ent on, hoping to conciliate, blundering ee only an embarrassed man eonld have blundered. ' We'va had a very happy five y?«r" whole. Our Moood little baby died, bn« Joe eldest is alive and bearty. » h a rare one four four years old, our ro y I1- . . . And we took the oorner oottage Jo Elam road, the one with the bnsli before the door and the green shutters. . Why, now I oometo thtakpi » very house yon thought of taking for yourself Good Lord, Stephen, are you SI J He had caught a glimpse of Steph ,dok 01 ,0flsrtDe « Rrofflhir..0' iU'"id Hatfield, more ffir: ' ¥ > " Io the dartneeefth"..004 he"' before hi. mina night a piotnre roue honea SIL n® " W»-» »«> of the little of the teim t0 h?Te b8en hi» own « . y® tn® tittle garden, the Bbimne ii&v; Wm 6 ®Potlese cleanliness of the Rlfm ? -mS '- ,the. mistreS8 of the whole, a £.5-1. and fche work wivh K6r r wil0 went about her uoin h r fiU05 ® oweetueBS of love and hoofe ?n a 8®ntIe fsce fchese belonged to another man, and he was homeless and a.one I House, wife, children— George Dane had taken every fchmg, and now he oame with his foolish offer of friendship, his hope that au t&e; past had been forgotten ! What did he mean ? Was the man mad to think that ue. ocepnen Hatfield, oould either forget an injury or forgive it ? . . . Would thoee hells never cease, then, with their eternal retrain of peace and good.will — peace and good- will to men? ... He hated the whole world, and of ail.the world's inhabit ants, he hated George Dene the ffiosli 4 I must get to my work,' he Baid, dully. Thompson's waiting for me, la there aught else you want, to say V 1 you mean that you won't be friends with me V scked Dene, with a glimmer of truth dawning upon his denser mind. Hatfield, turned on . him with an oath 1 Why hhooldlbe friends with you ?' he de manded savagely. Why have you the insolence -to come and ask me? Didn't you rob me of the only woman I eared for, of the home I wanted to have, of all that makes a man's life worth anything? Then you ask me to be friends With yon ! Get Out of my way j I'll not answer for myself if you come too near. I hate you both, you, with your lies and your boastings, and her with her \- foolish, false face, and her fickle h dart— — ' Stop !' fcfat uted George Dene. ' Ton shan't speak of my wife In that way— you—— 4 Out of the road, you fool !'' said Hatfield, oontempteou&ly.; The younger man had squared op to bim /his face aflame, his eyes alight with pasEion. He was devoted to his wife, arid Stephen's words roused all the devil within him. Take back what you said 1' he tied. 4 Til have her. called false and foolish by lid man j IT te&db; you better mariners, Stephen HatfiBld— by the Lord, I wi 11 !' 4 Gat o' the road 1' repeated Hatfield. 4 What, you won't, you fool ! Take that, and go- to the devil !' He struek him -and pushed forward. He heard a efy, a thud, as of a body falling, bat he would not look round. He expected that George would be after him in a moment, swearing, foaming at the mouth with rage, and vowing vengeance George Dene was in the main a good-natured fellow, but subjects to fits of unbridled passion, Hat field was prepared for one of these. But no sound of voice or step pursued him. The wind perhaps drowned the noise of either ; the wind and the pealing of the bells. Presently Stephen stood still, raised his lantern, and looked behind him. Nothing bnt the darkness, and in the distance the lights of the station could be seen. It seemed to him that the lamps ought to show him the figure of a man making his way back to the platform ; but there was nothing ot the kind to be- dieting guished. Wait ! what did he see? A dark something rising from the ground— -stum b- ling again and lying prone across the line ? Hatfield laughed grimly to himself.. 4 1 ve given him what he won't forget In a hurry, he muttered. , Then he turned his face again to tha blacker and wider space of darkness the manv diverging ImeB of railway travelled into the night, atd, swingiog his lantern, set off once more to the signal-box. c The whole interview had nottakenfive minutes, but he was astonished to find that he was not late at his post. After so great an upheaval of feeling he could scarcely believe that only five minutes had elaP®® ! gince be jumped down from the platform and made his way along the line. He vaguely enough, that a man brushed agfinst him as he arrived at his Plac®— fl stranger, not George ®ene a£ , j " , dered what a stranger could be doing in j that unfrequented and somewhat daogerous spot. Dangerous! Ay, that was the word. Dangerous to those who did no.DOW th® ins and outs of the line ; a iorbidden pace to the general public, of wt>"faway ' was one. Had he got up and gone away .. Or wae he etill roamiug ; iu ff Meee Uehion about those Iron ways? Hatneia psu Wore entering hie box to h6 ought to go Wk aufi 'j y he trouble. who took excelien, oar |hQ8 roeering, Kok his P'-e tajhe riguU-box. shudder, that tbi8j£a, P and Qorge Dene ?l0Be ftSS»g 'Lucky we didn't etay had stood taiaing not have got away much lon«r; he rnige taking it for so easy o® ®aia T-tpne had cot away. SSsssbssa'sasa; had passed. Bat his brain sedtfied te be da fire. He waa not confused iu mind he ws, on the - contrary, unusually alert and keen-witted, - but he Was restless, ready to start rit every sound, to exaggerate every impression. The wind had dropped a little, the bells had ceased to ring. In the silence, which seemed to him almost unnatural, he heard the distant mnrmur of the train long miles away,. Little by little the murmur grew ; he saw the lights in the distance, he saw the reddened vapour as the black monster rushed out of the darkness, sweaping round the curve of the iidO, thundering over the metals and Bhaking the signal box as it flew by. He stood in his place, lamps | glowing brightly above him. business-like, apparently impassive as usaal, but conscious of a curious keenness of all the senses, as if he were endowed with eyes that saw further, ears that heard more, than those of mortal men. What did he see ? What did he hear ? It was as if lightning had flashed and shown him a gruesotfle seeae, There was a man lying on the rails, in the track of the advancing train. He did not move ; he did not drag himself away as it cacne on. Nobody saw him. Hatfield would have shouted to liitn iif he had been able to speak ; but hi i tongue was glued to tire Jroof of .bis mouth, and he could not get it free. Just as the engine rushed forward the doo med man litted his head, and knew his fate. Hatfield saw the agonised countenance, the look of horror ia the distended eyes, the sigony of the shrinking limbs. Then the flying wheels p&eded; Ori, . The signalman saw no more. Only an agonised shriek, a terrible moan, tang in his ears for a moment ; then all was still. Hatfield eame to himself with a start. Not at first did he realise that h<\- had been the victim of a mere momentary illusion— a vivid dream or vision produced by over- excitement of the brain — as a doctor would have explained it. He found himself tremb- ing from head to foot, cdvef&d; with cold perspiration, and deeply impressed with the belief that what he had seen had really occurred, The seene was as real and vivid to him as though he had been preset t, and the shriek of the tortured man as tbe train passed over hie body seethed still to fe-edho in his ears ; but he knew well enoflgti that it was utterly impossible for him to have beheld anything of the kind, or to have heard a hundred dries as the deafening roar of the express train passed down the line.. And yet he had seen it all so plai&ly; ! Just as one might behold a whole landscape illumi nated by a lightning flash, so, he reflected, he had caught: sight of every detail — the various interlacing lines, the distant station, the platform ttfith its rows of lights, the poplars, and the old church tower in the backgroQ11d. And in the midst of all, that prostrate form, that terrible advancing train ! He turned sick and cold when he thought of it. In a few minutes he remembered the trains ; and on looking at his watch, found that not more than five minutes had gone by since the passing of the express. There was not another train due for some little time. He wae glad of it : he wanted to collect his thoughts and steady his shaken nerves. What did this vision mean 1 it means a Warning,' said Hatfield, shaking as if he had palsy, and casting bis eyes around the signal-box in an awfnl fear of supernatural powers. 4 It was no ordinary thing. I couldn't have 86en all that if I had tried. It's what might have happened if George Dene had not gone away ; what might have happened, not what did happen— I pray God !— How many a year had elapsed since he last took that sacred Name upon his lips!— 4 It's just my fancv. niaving me a trick— God grant Ir, !— Suppose he didn't crawl < ff the iiiie -Oh, he muBt have go,t away. I did not strike him hard ; he would never have gone down at such a little blow. When I Bee him again, III tell him what I've gone through to night. He's a good- natured chap ; he'll be ready enough to make matters np. And I'll say that I didn't mean to call Grace false or fickle. I'll make friends with them both when they come to Redford ; for if any man ever had a Warning, it's I .that am that man i' So he reflected, starting and staring, the very hair upon his head lifted by the fright. He would have given all bis belongings if he cbuM have dared to quit his post, run along tbe line, and eee for himself that Dene had got safely back to the station. But he dared not go. Several trains were shortly due, and to leave his dnties involved rifk to more lives than his own. Looking out, however, he espied an acquaintance — one of the porters— trampirg down the line. Hatfield hailed him, and he stopped short, looking up at the signal box in surprise. He was making his way by a short cut across the lines to his home. He knew the place so well that he could do it without thought of danger. What's up?' he said, catching a glimpse of the white soared face above him. 4 Any thing wrong 4 Do me a favour,' said Hatfield hoarsely. 'Go back— that way— to the station, and see if anyone has come to harm by the London express.1 « why do you think that anyone's come to harm?' Don't stay to ask questions Go baok, Tom, for God's sake. I saw a man run along the line I heard a cryf I can't tell you every thi g now. Go and find out the truth for. me. You know that I mustn't leave.' : Tom turned back, grumbling yet curions. 4 This ia a rem start,' he said to himself. Hatfield lost sight of him in the darkness as he went. The man was left alone. He waited and Waited, but the porter did net come back. Hatfield went on Wish his work, as occasion required, id a dull, mechanical fashion. His miod flew, hack, whenever it was released from the occupation of the moment, to the scenes of bv gone days. He bad ODce been young - and happy ; he had been in love with Grace Emery, and had walked the gauntry lanes with her and thought that she knew his love. He had had a friend, too, and to this fxibnd he had conn tided all his hopes and fears. Great had been the shock, terrible the awakening, when he learned at last that his friend, Gaorge Dene, had won Grace's heart ; had carried the fair fortress, as it were, by storm. 4 Your wooing Was too long adoiog,' Grace's mo her had said to Hatfield when be demanded an expla nation. 4 We thought that you had given up the idea. .You hadn't said a word to her about ft, and she had no thought of you. I won't say hut what if you'd asked her outright three months ago you might have had a chance. I watched her, and I think she'd have said "Yes" then. But you let the time slip, yon see, Mr. Hatfield ; and I ain't one that would force my girl against her will. You're a day after the fair.' George eaid something of the same kiod. 4 He thought that his friend had given up trying.' Hatfield swore feb'eiftetrtiy that George lied. Then, quite suddenly he restrained himself and begged that nothing ntiore n ight be said. Tey were right; he did not want to marry. Tdey need not say any thing to Grace about him. No, he bore no malice to anyone. Only — would they have the goodness to hold their confounded tongues and let him go 1 lriug, With a dark brow and a sudden access of race iu His deep tones, he had stalked out of the houBd, leaving Mrs Emery and George Dene astounded, affrighted at his demeanour. He had never seen either of them again— until this day. He had thrown up his employment on the line, and left the town that same night, not knowing, not caring, whither be went. Gbance guided his feet to Bedford, and threw bim into communication with the railway officials at the Junction. He bore a good character, and had no difficulty in getting work. He did not write to his old friends, but be- knew that' they had beard where he was living. Shame, he thought, kept them silent all these years. And now George Dene sought him out, offered him friendship — as if there could be friendship between these two, Hatfield ret fleeted bitterly — and flaunted his happiness in the desolate man's face. It was for this that Hatfield could not forgive him : for this that he had struck him out of his path and left him to his doom. Midnight came and the porter had not returned. The bells broke out again, welcoming in the Christmas morn. 4 Peace and goodwill !' Hatfield groaned aloud as the sounds fell upon his ear. It seemed to him as if those Christmas bel s would sink him dowU to the nethermost hell. Chained to his post, unable to getriut of hearing of those rippling harmonies, so repugnant to his spirit at that moment, he felt as though he oould weloome deafness, insensibility, death itself — anything that would free him from the associated train of thoughts that the eounds called up. After a time the bells were silent, and be could breathe more | freely. But hour after hour went by, bring- ing him no news. If he were not mistaken, however, some thing bad happened that night. Some ex citement had been aroused ; he was sure that he had seen an unwonted group of figures doing unusual work upon tbe line — bearing something away with reverent footsteps and lowered heads. Stephen Hatfield's blood ran cold to think what that something was. But not nntil the grey dawn was mounting in the sky, and tbe cold | breath of day made itself felt through all I his veins, did anyone come to him with news. It . was a foggy morning. A footstep was beard before the pssser-by could be seen. A voice came out of the fog, followed by the burly figure of the man who relieved him at his work. 4 Morning, Hatfield; Merry Christmas.' Hatfield couTd not reply. 4 Accident on the line last night. Man killed by the London express not far from here. Tom Barton says you saw him.' I don't know that I saw bim/ said Hat field, struggling to free himself from the haze that seemed to envelop him, blinding his eyes and blunting bis faculties at the eame time. ' I saw several folks on the line last night.' 4 Bat Tom Barton says you sent him in search of one — 4 Yes. I had a warning.' What do you mean ?' 4 Nothing. Was the man dead ?' Quite dead.' 4 1 knew it,' said Hatfield, as he turned away, II. His words to Tom Barton and to the signalman made it neqespary for Hatfiel to attend the inquest upon the body that had been found. It was to bim a ter rible piece of work ; but strergth ef nerve returned with the daylight, and be- exhibited no further strangeness of look or manner, such as had exoited the ouriosity ot his acquaintances. The man who had baeri killed was crushed out of all s&mhianoe; to himself ; the face was unrecognisable but the fair hair, the build, the tweed suit that he had worn, left no plaoe for doubtr ' in Stephen's mind. He identified the body as that of George Dene, carpenter, resident in Woodley, a Kentish village nearly 260 miles from Redford. Beiog questioned pretty sharply concerning his words to Burton, Hatfield answered that Dene was an old acquaintance, that he had stopped him on the line to tell him that he was coming to live in Redford, that they had then parted, and had met no more 4 What made you say to Barton that 44 there was a man en the line ?" ' he wae asked. 4 1 had forgot the London express when I parted from him, and was a" raid that he had not gone baok straight to the station,' said Hatfield 4 Had you any dispute with him ?' No.' 4 Why did you say that you had had "-a warning?" ' 4 1 th -ught I heard a cry, but I dare say it was only the wind,' Hatfield answered stubbornly. He knew that be lied in saying tha there had been no dispute; but be did not oare. What was the use of telling the truth ? Would it bring George back to life again? Would it comfort George's widow? Would it lift from his spirit the load of anguish which Strpben Hatfield knew he must now endure for evermore ? He only half beard some falk about writing to Dene's relations in Woodky ; it fell upon U&heeding; ears He did not know that there were two Wood leys : one in K«nt and one in Staffordshire, and that the Coroner had g ->t hold of the wrong (me, nod was about to write to the clergyman there. All that was said and done seemed to bitn like some strange, oppreesive dream: he wae eon soious only of a desire to get into the air and lose himself In loneliness. The inquest, however, was not held until the day after Christmas Day, and how he got through that Christmas Day he oeuH never tell. He could not Lave defined hla feelings as those of either shame, guilt, or positive distress; he only knew that a great weight seemed to lie upon him ; he had got into a blaok shadow and oould net get out. He went about his duties as usual after the tragic ending of George Dene's visit to Redford station ; nothing in hie manner er i bearing suggested that be bore the burden of a guilty secret upon biB soul. He was a little surlier, a little grimmer than he used to be; but there was no one to bo offended by his behaviour. He had no : friendB. He lived alone, with a charwoman | to clean his room and' cook for him now and j then. The only change in his manner of j life after the inquest was to dispense with > the charwoman. He did not want any : human being about him now. He felt kfma ; self cut off from his kind. ; He ooeupied a small house In a row of ; workmen's cottages, not far from the station. There was a tiny sqnare of garden, a wooden paling and a gate before the house. Inside there were four rooms, two en each floor, and the staircase between them. Hatfield lived in the kitchen at the back of the house, and slept in the room above it. The front room, which opened direetly upon tbe garden, had fallen into almost hopeless disorder. Jnuftry psuBKd ftWftyi x6brn&ryp; witii lis changeful smiles and tears, bad made tha old earth new. Even in Hatfield's utterly neglected garden, a few crooners pushed up their golden beads, a few bonohes of snowdrops codded to the wind. The man did not look at them. The gay spring sun shine tried in vain to pieree the gloom of his ! lonely dwelling, the voioe of human love | and pity was yet to seek an entrance to his i soul. I He sat alone one March evocicg, pre- ! paring his supper. For ike time, he was ? off night-duty, and at liberty to s'eep the S heavy hours away, If sleep would visit him, i It was an intermittent visitor, and generally I brought bad dreams- He was learning to ! hate the midnight honrs. | Suddenly there oame a knock — a mild, hesitating ksook — to the tront doer. It made bim nervous. He upet the dish that he was holding, and growled out an oath at his own elom&lness; He waited till the knock was repeated before he went to the door, in. A woman, carrying a child, stood in the garden path. Her back was to the Western light, which had nearly died ont (ff the windy sky. He saw that she was tall and slight, and that she trembled as she stood before bim. Her dress was black. and tbe eleepy child nestling In ber anna were a blaok frock too. 4 Does Stephen Hatfield live here ? she ashed in a low unsteady volt . The tones thrilled bim. 7o his -ear they were wonderfully sweet. When had N heard t hat voioe before ? Yes, I'm Stepb'n You — S epben Hatfield Then her vpioe broke £& let the Obild clip gently from %er nrma to he/ground, and atretchedout her faking liandsv Oh, Stephen, Stephen, doi/tyou koowme ? Im Grace/ r- rx:; ; : - t;' .d-"-'- ' Htsf&oe; blanched to aaawful whftenfess. He.iooked over hershoulder, ; away intp the distance, as ii he saw some one behind her.' Bat there was no accusing figure at her back,, no ghostly voice- okme out of the gloom, requiring at his hands the blood of the man whose life he had virtually taken. His eyes wandered hack to her, and he'' skid In a hoarse whisper % ' Grace, is It you?' Yes, Stephen, she said, sobbing, ' and I'm-iaHBore trouble.' His face hardened ; be thought he knew what she was going to say. She went on, It's nigh upon three months einoe Goorgelef t me 1 And then she broke into a- wailing- ory, -almost like a shriek, and put-her hands before hear face vAnd now -he's dead/ said Stephen, scarcely knowing what he said. \- The words ga ve her a shock. S he let her hands drop, and gazed at him with wide open, panic-stricken eyes. , The child clang to her garments, frightened by what she heard, and still more by the sight of this strange, dark man. 'Gh no, no 1' cried Mrs. Dene. Why should yon say he's dead? Have yon heard of him, then? Oh, no, he's not dead, Stephen! Tired of me, perhaps,' she said, . sobbing, -'and gone to Seek his fortune — or ill in hOspitaV may be, and not able to write to me —but not dead, Stephen, nay, not dead -!' He did not know what to dowith a woman insneh a passion of grief, fie took hold of her hands and gently. -drew her within his door. -His one theught.was to screen her from the unkind notice of passers-by, bat once inside, more hOBpit&ble; thoughts occurred to him. ' You'd better come in and sit by the fire,' he said awkwardly. ' Don't take on in that way, Grace. I thought you meant me to understand that George was dead, It it is as yon say — why, no 'doubt he'il be back again before long.' He turned his back on her as he spoke, and led the way into the kitchen. 1 YquVe not heard of . him, then?', said Grace, commanding herself, and following him obediently. ' He's not heen here ?'_ f No, '-he answered in a low voice ; 1 he's not bran here/ He could not tell her the truth. He WQuld'get some clergyman, some person in authority, to let her know that George was dead.: He shook ail over at the thought of telling her himself. No— not yet; in the morning, ; perhaps, or in a day or two ; T /Sifc dowo/ he said, -lighting a candle, and hurriedly stirring 'thej dying embers of the fire. ( You'll be ttredfi you have? come from .Wood Ley to day , ' - 1 j She opened het; great dark eyeB'with a look of pathetic surprise. 4 To-day V she said.: ' It's three weekssince I left Woodiey. Iwalked m$st of the pray. Look at my fifeeeafV " - ; .« : : . They were worn nearly off her feet. Hat field; felt ' his . hpart contact with an un wonted pang of pity- He ) looked at the shoes, at the' threadbarc garments, at the thioscmken face, and did not nay" a word, \- jt was fine weatheg, miq.it of the way,' Grape wept on, half absently, / eke T could nevr haye done it . We got a lift in a cart ppW then,_ I could not Iwarfco wait any longer. George had never written, hut he told me before he went away that 'he was oomUig to you. Didyou see him ?' /There was a scarcely perceptible pause before Stephen answered No.' My: mother died suddenly on the day after phrietmae D ay, ' she went on', It took all the money I had j to bury her, I was staying with her — George had already , sold our furniture and taken the money with him, and I expected him back every day. The neighbours at Woodiey began to say that he had deserted me, and I could not bear it any longer. I came after him— to Bedford rr-tufind you ' Why did you not write V he asked. ; - 1- don't- know. - 1 did not think of it.' , The colour ebbed out of her face as she poke, leaving cheeks and .lips as white as snowv ' You used to be his friend,' she murmured. Have you forgotten us ?' 4 No, no ; Ihave nevr forgotten you,' be aid, in a strange, onfuBed way that sur prised her. Here, I have made some tea. Folly would like some milk perhaps?' ( How did you know that her name was Polly?' said Grace, looking at htm with Attention. c d. heard it— didn't you call her so just cow,' he said, still more and more troubled ia manner, - as he reflected that he had gained this piece of 'information from her husband. < Grace -was too tired to dispute the matter. She ate and drank -at his bidding, and saw the child's hunger satisfied, and when the sheah was .finished she ipfide an attempt to rise. I'm sure I thank you for your kindness, Gtephen,' she said, timidly. Perhaps you ban tell me of a lodginghouse where we can go-to for the night. It muBfc be a cheap one; I have very little money.' \- : sYoumightas well stay here,' said Hat field, without raising his eyes, and with a curious snllenness of demeneur, 'There's a room upstairs if you like to useit. -You nan look csit for a lodging to-morrow.' ' But — if it iB your room— what wiU you do?' " t,/; < I cannleep by the fire here. I shall be quite comfortable. You can't go fr m place to pi-" looking for lodgings at/his time of night ; the child is asleep already.. Grace accepted £iis offer thankfully. She was a simple hearted, gentle-natured woman, tiftt $ery self-reliant and it seemed natural that) he should be kind and helpful to her. As a sort of excuse for having come to. the house, ehe ventured to «ay— ; < v t J thought you were married, .perhaps, and that your wife would put me ia the way of gettiog-a lodging/ -,?» - , He looked her full in the faoe,and did not upsak for a moment. She quailed a little before Jthe fire of; those, dark eyes, and bethought herself of sotoe words that her mother had let fsll in the early days of her marriage with George Dene. Was it >ds« : once wanted to marry hdt? She Telt a sensation of alarm at the thought, 1 die£ put /Czpm looked down in his usual Bomibre, brooding fashion. Kb,' he said, I'venever been married. When he opened the door of the room upsteirs heseemef fco feel that some explana tion of its disorder Was required, 1 I've had nobody to do for me lately. The place is like a pigstye, but maybe you can manage with it to«night. Is there any- thiug I oan get for ye ? ' r i " The /teacher wss 'rough, but the kradli- ; ; nesa of his meaning unmistakable. Grace ; I thabked him .and held put, her hand as she said good-night. He did not seem to see it ; he turned his back on her and went down-' stairs She slept long and heavily. _ When she awoke and dressed in the mprning, Stephen had already gone to his work. He had lighted the fire and left foodTeady for herself aud the child : he himself had taken his dinner wish him, and did not, mean to be back till evening. It was after 6 when he returned. As soon as he set foot within the house, he was cpnsoious of a change in it. Grace had been busy. To make the . place clean aud tidy was her way of showing . gratitude. The kitchen fire was burning brightly iu a clean grate, the floors and tables had been scoured, aud the cooking utensiis cleaned. There was &n; air of neatness, almost of bright ness, about the room, which moved Hatfield to wonder, What have you been doing ?\ he said, rath or roughly. Oaly tidying up a bit.' Grace answered. ' I hopa you don't mine ?' she added meekly, seeing an inexplicable expression upon his face. 'Not a bit. Do what you like,' he replied, beading his brows. She looked at him in silent wonderment, sever suspecting that ha felt a great throb of anguish and shame at the notion of her working tor him — the mau to whom her husband owed bis death. After tea, she began Vm!dly to talk to him about her position. She was possessed with the idea that George was some where in Bedford, and that she would be able to find him if she looked carefully enough. In the meantime, she. thought that she could earn a livelihood by taking in plain sewing, or going out charing— though this latter work, as fiitfield . knew, would have been con. &iclerea; far beneath her ia Woodiey. If she could find a cheap lodging for herself and her child. she would not trouble Mr. Hatfield any longer. There was a new humility in her voice that cut Stephen .to the heart. It's no trouble to me,' be said gruffly. He was sitting by the fire as he spoke, and just then something: soft touched his hand. He. drew it away and looked down hastily. It was Polly, who had drawn a wooden stool to his side, and had tried to slip her little fingers into his palm. She looked up a?- him smiling, and put her little pink hand on his knee- After a moments hesitation, he laid his rough fingers .tenderly upon it and held it there. . The touch sent a n?w sensa- tion through him. . It. seemed. lonake the blood rush more quickly; through hie veins, to break op the ice about his heart. It influenced his txm ud look- as he addressed the child's mother. . 4-You have no need to. hurry yourself,' he said, 'take -time And don't go making inquiries here and there and every where about Dene. I'll do that for you. I should be glad if you would stop here a bit, and put my house straight. It seems to want a woman's hand. If George Dene's anywhere hereabouts he'll find yon, never fear. There's been some mistake, no doubt, and he's wondering why you don't come to him.' ' Oh, if only. I could think so !' said the poor woman, her eyes filling with tears. You don't know what it is to .be pointed and jeered at as I have been in the village — the wife whose husband got tired of her and left her in the lurch. He always seemed so proud and fond pf me. Do you think it's possible that . he could gsfc tired all at once and go off without a word V ' I don't think it's possible,' said Hatfield iu a low voice. Ah, no - What man would cast away from him this sweet wife, this cooing, caressing little child ? And he— he knew so well what George Dene thought of these two, how mnch he loved them, and he dared not say a word to set. Iks grieving woman's heart at rest. For, as it soon appeared to him, the doubt as to George's love was even more present to. her mind than the uncertainly about his life, Grace wiped the tears gently away, and sat silent for a little time with her , bands folded in her lap. She was not given to noisy demonstrations of any kind. When she felt calm enough to speak she said gently: 'I'll accept your offer thankfully for a little time, Mr. Hatfield. If I can be of use to you, I shall be only too glad. We often talked about you— George and me. You don't know, maybe, how fond he was of you.' _ Don't call me Mr. Hatfield,' said Stephen, rising suddenly, 1 Gall me Stephen, as you used to do.' Ha broke off the conversation by going out of doors, and aU that Grace could do was gratefully to acquiesce. She settled down in her new home, and went about her duties iu a sad but quietly uncoTjplaining manner which greatly im pressed Hatfield.. He wondered at this frail woman, suffering from a heavier load of doubt and sorrow than any that he had had to bear, never, repining, never showing bitterness or snllenness. She was braver than he had been, His thoughts were filled : with her night and day ; as time went on, his remorse for the past, though present, became so blended with bis' love for her that it lost its hardness and painfutness. He even dreamed pf a time when he might tell her that George was dead, , and ask her to be his wife. He oould give her a peace ful home, a sure, strong love ; would she refuse the gift ? \- He dreamed thus one night as he. was walking home from his Work, which, on this occasion, had been prolonged un$il 11 o'clock: His house was near the station, ; but two or three not, very respectable little-: streets had to be traversed before he reached | it, End it was in ona cf these, streets that he saw a sight which froze the blood within his \ veich I i , Was it George Dene's ghost . ... . | T There were no such things as ghosts, 6 | argued passionately with , himself. I V I parson at Woodiey had always said so. m j feyes had played him a trick. His head waf muddled with long hours of work, bpirite from another world never came backpow-a- days to trouble their worst enemies. Hoouia not b8 ! 1 And yet he was sure, as sure as of his own existence, that George Dene's face had looked at him out of the darkness of the unlighted street. ' He had been absorbed in his own thoughts. He had heard &o; foolfsli on the pavement, had Seen no figure coming .towards him,, and yet, without warning, the dead man's .face, white, rigid, stern, had hovered before his eyes. If he had been able to move, it seemed to Stephen that he might have touched those pallid features with his hand. Menacing accusing, reproachful, all at once, those eyes which had. once been so friendly sought bis own 5 then for a moment everything grew dim to Hatfield's sight. When he recovered his calmness there was nothing to be seen. The vision had faded away into darkness, and he went unhindered upon his way. But from that moment he was free no more. The face haunted him. Now and then he saw it in a crowd ; pnee In a rail way carriage; several times at his window before the blinds were down at night. It came to him ia his dreams ; the memory of it, the fear of it, haunted him night and dsy. The dead man would not let him rest. He began to look wild and haggard, to cast Btrange looks over his shoulder, to mutter to himself. Hatfield's going out of his mind,' one of his companions whispered to another. He's mighty queer.' Even Grace, wich all her placidity, wondered at and pitied him. She was never afraid of him, he was glad to see. He could not have borne that. When he was alone he used to cry out upon George Dene's unquiet spirit to leave him in peace. What do yon want, George ?' he muttered wilh quivering lips. How can I atone for what my hand has done ? It's too late — too late ; I can do nothing for you now.' IV. It had been the height of summer when first Stephen Hatfield saw that terrible vision of .the dead man's faos. As summer passed into autumn, and autumn into winter, its recurrence became more fre quent, and had a very disquieting effect upon Hatfield's nerves. It became pUin to him that if he saw that face mnch oftener he would have to -give up his work. Eyes, hand, braic, all seemed paralysed at times by fear and agony. Grace, not knowing what was wronsy entreated him to see the parish doctor. But Hatfield shook his head. ' Nc doctor Can do me any good,' he answered gloomily. One day in December he came home and found her iu tears. On asking what was the matter, he elicited from -her a tale of how Polly had run in from the street, cry ing out that her father had looked at her over the fence. The child would not remember him,' said Hatfield. 'She's five years old, and she was very fond of her poor father,' said Grace. Then, wiping her eyes, she added indistinctly : ' I thought — I thought I saw him myself last night.' But this was more than Hatfield conld bear. He went oat again without waiting for the conclusion of her little story. ' Are wa all to be haunted by George Dene's ghost ?' he asked himself, almost angrily, For me, it's natural enough — but" what have they done T Graca Dane felt a little hurt by his abrupt departure. She sat down and cried, caressed Polly, and gave herself up for a few minutes to the luxury of indulgence in her own quiet sorrow ; but then she remem bered that- she had a good many things to do, and so botook herself, somewhat less tranquilly than usual, to her household tasks. It was Christmas Eve, and she had determined that her own sorrow, her own sad memories, should not bring sorrow to other people. For Stephen's sake she meant to ba cheerful, and to make Jbim think that she was content. She wondered that he did not come back to tea. She put little Polly to bed, and sat by the fire with some needlework. The night was fine but windy, and on the wind there cams from time to time the sound of the Christmas bells. Her hands had fallen on her lap, her eyes were fixed in mournful reverie upon the glowing embers of the grate, when a sonnd at the deor arrested her attention. Stephen stood in the doorway — the kitchen door opened npon a little bricked yard — and his hand was still upon the latch. A gust of cold. air blew iu, extinguishing the candle at Grace's . side. She sprang up, and then stood still. She could just see Stephen's face : there .was ©ghastly smile upon it that made her heart beat strangely fast. What is it, Stephen ?' she said, ner vously. He lifted up one finger, as if warning her to be silent. 1 Do you know who stands outside?' he asked her, with the Bame weird smile upon his face. Isaw him as I came in ; I should see him still if I looked again. Your husband, Grace— George Dane.' 4 My husband !' she cried, flinging up her hands. ' Not in the flesh, Grace, not in the flesh. You would not see him if you looked, but I see him — see him wherever I go. , He was here at your window not long ago.1 Oh, Stephen, you frighten me » ' said Grace, sinking down in her chair and covering her face Tpifch her hands. The sight of her tears calmed him? He closed the door softly, and advanced -towards her, looking earnestly at her bowed head. I don't want to frighten you, Grace/ he said. ' It was. tfaoae accursed bells that sent me home to you. They rang an J rang till I could hear , it no longer, " Go back, go back," they said. " Tell lier the truth. Go back," And so I thought that if I came to you and told you the whole truth, I might perhaps be delivered from the terror that follows ine night and day. Night and day, sleeping or waking, r see him, Hatfield went- on wish a startled glance over his'Ieh shoulder, « and I kuow that he comes to fell the truth and glve myaelf up l J? hnow peace.. The bells We.en. me to y0«Unnt_wbv ?- What do yop mean Stephen ¥ said Grace,, beginning to tremble with an inexpressible fear, . He took no notice of her question. Look at mo/ ho eaid. «Havo I not Buffered ? Am I the man I wa« a year ago . I do not know how I hro, how I eat or loop The misery that h« faUen pon mo ie more than I can bear. For I never meant to be a murderer. Grace ; I never meaot to hart him, though I threat b.m a"ay ':om me. and etreck Mm in my wr Grace, Grace, believe, me I never meant to barm a hair o' his head I . , He fell down on his knees before h?c he spoke, stretching out his hands to her in a blind groping way. She drew back an inch or two, looking at him with a strange expression, half of repulsion, half of pity in her eyes. In after days his face camp back to her es she had seed it then, and she remembered how wasted it was, hw worn with grief and care. But just then she thought only of his words. Tell me what you mean,' she gasped out below her fcreath. Is George dead ? What do you mean?' . I mean, Grace, that I — J killed your hus band, George Dene.' A low cry escaped her lips. 1 Not by my hand/ he said, looking down at the thin fingers that shook as with an ague while he held them out, 1 Not by my own hand. He came to me. on Chris- mas Eve — a year ago this day — and the bells were ringing overhead as they ring now. He to'd me of his happiness with you, and I could cot bear it. Don't you know, Grace, how I have loved you all these years. He stole jou from me, or I should have won yon— I swear I should have won you if he had left me time. But he took everything from me — home, wife, children ; he had all, and I had none. I was alone in tbe world ; a miserable wretch, cast off by God and man-. I had no hope of happiness. < Then he came to me and he spoke of you. I struck him— I thrust him out of my way. He fell over the line. I did not stay to help him up. I forgot that the express was nearly due. He must have been Btunned — insensible — when the train came up.' His voice failed him. He bowed himself to the ground, and lay at her feet. There was silence :or a time. God forgive yon, Stephen,' said the woman at last, in a broken voice. She sat very still, white as death, with the tears dropping over her pale cheeks. The gentle ness, as well as the infinite sadness of her tones, unloosed his tongue cnce more. He did not rise, but faltered out disconnected words and sentences that she could scarcely hear. You say " God forgive me." I blesB you for those words.' He dragged himself nearer to her and kissed ber loot. 4 1 do not ask yon to forgive me ; it. would be no use, I know. My life's not been worth living ; the sooner it ends the better. I shall give myself ap to the police this very night ; I wish they would hang ma and have done with it. When I am in my grave, Grace, perhaps you'll forgive me then. My love, my love, you'U never know how much I've loved you. And you would have loved me if I'd had the time — What noise was that which a listening ear would have noted ? The creak of a latch, the sound of a footfall on the threshold ? They did not hear, 1 God pity you— God forgive you/ said Grace, with increasing agitation, No, Stephen Hatfield, don't delude yourself with a false belief, I should never have loved youj if we had lived side by side for a thousand years. I never loved but one man in my life, nor ever shall again ; and that, as you well know, waB George Dene. And you that killed him,' she cried, bursting Iato tears ; ask God to pardon you, and Fll pray to Him that He may ; night and morn> i3g I'll pray for your poor unhappy soul, Stephen Hatfield ; but I will go away from your house now, which I never would have entered if I had known the truth ; and never, never will I look upon your face aga n.' . She rose from her seat. Hatfield struggled into a kneeling posture, caught at her dress and pressed it to his lips. 4 God will forgive me if you ask Him,' h8 said. 4 You give me hope by that one word, Gr&ce.; No, I shall never see yon again. I don't think it wiU be long before I. go where George has gone. Perhaps I may meet him somewhere— perhaps I may a&k; him to for give me ' He had risen to his feet and turned away. Grace gave a little cry. Who was it speaking? Who wab it standing in the opeu door ? 4 No need to go far for that, Stephen Hatfield,' said a voice whieh had a strangely familiar sound. 1 1 am here, and you may ask me what you like/ The room swam before Hatfield's troubled eyss. When they cleared again he saw Grace clinging to a tall, gaunt, feeble looking man, whose arms were olasned ten derly around her, whose lips werepressedto her fair face. It was no dream i /This was no vision of the night. George Dene was .alive, and had come back to claim his wife What was he saying ? It seemed to Hatfield that he could scarcely hear for the tumuL tuous beating of his heart, the suraine trouble of his brain. a s 4Xve been In hospital until a fortnight ago, George said. 4 1 lost toy memory for a time. lt was some other poor chao that was killed by the express, hot me. I got up after yon pushed me away, Stephen. and out of the town. I hadn't been I .iett. dizzy They told me afterwards toatTmusthave had a fever coming on, and that the fall— _£erhaPa nrade a trifl<T worse therCwas eome soft of csnoussiohlhey called it.; Any way I >as fojnd W Hhf S' t0 &A; hD8Pifcal five tol'es V? .%dfr£V and there I staged My mind Seemed gone, even when my 'body was stronger. I came fully to rnvshlf M, Then I went to WiJueZ ,nd found Grape gene. I hunted tor her everywhere. Then I eame here. He stopped to embrace his' wife <vnr«, more, and to glance at Hatfield, teho sitting beside the table, with hi» fa upon his folded arms. "Wden mm I inquired about Hatfield, a&d; littu little I pieced together the whole ttorl I knew that he, at least, thought me d&X-; r I eaw Poily to-day, aud I bad a glimmii ' you, too, Grace, but t did not know whet. B you had a piece f or;me in your heart fir IS? B I thought— shall I tell you what I thoaoht > I « No,' she answered, laying her kau d JmL B his lips, « I can guess, George. But I shJK? B never have loved any man but you.' H Ah. bo I heard you say, my darling . fl I know— I know— how true and faithfS B you have always been. I had ranooQt £ fl my heart against my old friend here-e« fl I'll call him my friend, for I know now how fl sad and bitter his life has been— but if I hid | had, any thing against him, I forgave him as I I stood at his door and he»rd the Christ I mas bells ringing overhead. 11 Peace and I gobdwill," they seemed to say; And ' I fl thought to myBelf. 41 Let bygones be bygones I between Stephen Hatfield and me !" Let us fl thank Gbd that I have come back to you | Grace, and that our old friend Stephen c&>l H be our old friend still.' fl They . heard Stephen give a gasping fl struggling sigh, almost like a sob. They fl waited silently for a moment, but he did not fl lift his bead. fl 4 Stephen thought he saw you— many fl times,' said Grace, shuddering a little as the I memory of his words eame to her. fl He must have fancied it. I eame to fl Bedford yesterday — the first time for a year fl past. Gome Stephen, my old friend, lift tip I your head, and give me your hand at fl last/ fl He put his hand on Hatfield's shoulder ; fl and Grace bent over him with tender I words. fl 4 You'll be our brother now, Stephen, and 9 love us both as we love you. Hark to the fl Christmas bells ! 4 4 Peace and goodwil fl it's 12 o'clock striking. Christmas Day! fl Stephen, a happy Christmas ! A happy fl Christmas Co us all ! " 9 But Stephen's happy Christmas was not of I this world. I The End. 