AN EXTRAORDINARY GHOST STORY. The following story was told by Mr. Butler, a barrister, of London, to Lady Blomfield:—Mr. Butler, when a boy at Harrow, contracted a most intimate friendship with another lad. They worked, they walked, they played to gether; and in order etill more solemnly to eeaphasise their friendship, they one day cat a hole each in the other's arm, and Bigned a paper each in the other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the survivor in person at the moment of his decease. After leaving Harrow, however, tbe lads saw bat little of each other. Their lives lay far apart; the friend went ont to India, Mr. Butler to college, and then to the English bar. An eager cor respondence was maintained at first, bat as years rolled on it slackened, and the friend ship gradually died away, as boyish friendships will. One wintry day Mr. Butler, oppressed by businesp, worried and overworked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, and cold as it was determined to run down to that com fortable little inn, the Wheatsheaf (by Vir ginia Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlor the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was startled by the face of a man looking in at tbe window. He did not know tbe face, and yet it seemed to have amysterions attractionf or him. He got np presently, under pretence of .relighting the pipe, and passed before the win dow to examine the face more closely. It re minded him of something, he knew not what —of someone. Yes, it suddenly flashed across his mind that was the face, not of the boy he had known bo well, but of a man such as that boy might have grown into, such as he probably would be now (though Mr. Butler had not seen him for years). Disturbed by this sudden reawakening of old recollections, Mr. Butler spoke to the landlord. '"There's a man looking into the window," said he. " Impossible, sir, was the reply. " That window only looks into the court, and the gate of that was shut an hour ago." Tbe face had disappeared. Mr. Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his seat, but could not rest —a strange haunting sense of uneasiness took possession of him; once more he rose to his feet. *' It is stifling in here," he said. " £ must go out; I cannot breathe." "You had better not, sir, "said the landlord, as he opened tbe door; " there's a keen east wind blowing, and you'll catch your death of cold." Now, the Wheat?beaf is close to the lake, and Mr. Butler, stepping over the threshold, etaod looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night—and as he gazed the darkness seemed to grow and gather itself together, deepening into a sort of focus, which appeared to him like the mouth of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within by lamps, and as tie train approached he saw in the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal struggle. One had the other by the throat, and wbb forcing him backward toward the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all bis might, when sud denly the door of the carriage "flew open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butler's feet. Then, bending over tile man, Sir. Butler looked into his face, and, be hold ! it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the window, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before! And again, even as he looked, the face had melted into air, the lighted train, the tunnel, the body of the victim, all had disap peared, and he stood alone there by the water's edge, in the deep, dark-wintry night. With a cry of horror he staggered back into the house, and in answer to the landlord's anxious enquiries said—" lam ill—evidently in a high state of fever—delirious. It won't do for me to be laidrnp here. I must go back to town as fast as I can." And, late as it was. he went off to the station, and back by the last train to London. The next morning Mr. Butler awoke, somewhat refreshed by bis ex cursion, in spite of tbe unpleasant associations connected therewith. He found awaiting him some interesting work, into which he plunged, and the incidents of tbe past night were for gotten. Two days later however they were recalled to his recollection whec walking in Piccadilly he saw on tbe other aide of the way a gentleman whom he had known slightly in former days as being the brother of his school boy friend. Mr. Butler crossed over to him at once. "What news of Arthur?" he enquired " Bad news," said the other gravely. " Dead?" said Mr. Batter. A melancholy shake of the head was the only reply. "Killed? thrown opt of a railway train!" continued he ex citedly. "Too true," returned the brother, regarding him with undisguised astonishment. "But bow on earth did yon know? We only received the telegram from India this morning ?" Tbe Leamington Town Council have ac cepted an offer from Mr. Arthur Chamberlain, of Birmingham, to light the town with incan descent electric lieht at a cost of from 20 to 30 per cent, more than gas. Mr. Chamberlain proposes to lay in a temporary installation for the purpose of illuminating the parade and principal public buildings with electricity during the celebration of the Queen's jubilee. 