JACK THOMPSON ORATES. To tell you the truth I have generally been so unfortunate in matters aquatic that I hardly like to venture on giving an opinion about this race. I have latterly been continually with Beach, and speaking of him as a man, I can say that he is the most unassuming champion I ever met, one of the best hearted of men. and a down right good, genial fellow. My own opinion is that he will win this race, if he does not then I will never express an opinion again. I have had some little experience in sculling matters in connection with Laycock and others on the Thames. Since then boat-pulling has cost me over £2000, as I have become proverbial for backing the losing man — so much so that on the occasion of any aquatic event my brother metallicians used to ask, ' Who is Jack Thomp son backing ?' and when told they would almost invariably do exactly the reverse and win my money. In this present instance, however, I think it will be safer for them to follow my lead. I have not come up here as a trainer to Beach, but rather in the capacity of a friend and companion, and have been assisting all I could to put the final polish on to him. Taking all the circumstances iuto consideration, together with the fact that he has already beaten Hanlan on two occasions (first, When he (Beach) was but a novice comparatively speaking, and second, when the ' boy beat,' never once letting him have a chance) ; and his trip to England, when he de feated the men who have since defeated rTn,nia.nJ I can't on paper see how Hanlan can have the ghost of a show af beating Beach. Unless some accident occurs, I look upon the race, as we say on the turf, as 'a dead bird' for Beach. He appears to be perfectly satisfied with himself and confident of victory. He has done his best to deserve it. He performed all his work thoroughly and well. On retiring to bed hist night, after his final spin before Saturday, he seemed to have an abundance of confidence in his own powers to win, and he told me he could not lose, and neither can he, barring accidents. 