A Larger Ghost. Near the ancient settlement of Bimbejong on the classical banks of the Cudgegong, famous for gold, woolgrowing and ghosts, lived a shepherd some years ago. This old fellow was a hardened bushman of the old school, whose fears of ghosts, bunyips, &c;, had gradually faded away from hard expe- rience of the opposite, or burnt out of him by the sweltering orb of light shining down at the rate of 140deg. However, unearthly sounds, and for a long time his better half — an old lady of the same calibre as him- self — asserted visionary spirits took posses- sion of the hut, greatly disturbing her noc- turnal peace. She vowed it was only the ghost of some of the victims of that dread- ful murder which was perpetrated in the neighbourhood in the early days. This tragedy must be well-known to most old Mudgee people, originating in chaff, I be- lieve. Chaff, or practical joke or whatever it was, three victims of a lunatic's ire were sent to their last account by the faeo of an axe. But our old couple, although they knew all about it, were not the least put out by living in the vicinity. The noises at night were coupled sometimes with missing tea, sugar and other etceteras, to the chagrin of the good wife. But the old man was care- less. He wanted rest, and although he had at first looked round a bit, to his disappoint- ment he was now satisfied the ghost was not dangerous. The unearthly visitor did not throw stones, nor try to take either him or the old woman away, so he was satisfied. The old lady though, nursed secretly in her bosom plans to catch the ghost, and waited patiently till shearing time, when she knew the old man would have to travel to Mudgee neighbourhood to have his flock shorn, so eventually the timoearrived, and every comfort was prepared for the husband with extra care by the wife and away he started, leaving one dog at home to mind the old woman, and that animal she tied near the doorway to intercept the exit of any material spirit, or to give warning of any visionary one. All things prepared, the tomahawk laid ready at the bedside, our good old dame undressed and went to bed. She slept soundly for some time — how long she did not know — but suddenly she was aroused by the fami- liar sounds along the wall-plates, where the rations hung in bags. Listening for a moment, she shouted out in a loud tone, and the spiritly sounds ceased. The only response was a whine of consolation from the faithful dog near the door. Again she spoke, and gaining courage from the silence she rose. Now she hears another slight, noise — scratchings and rustles along the wall — and advancing slowly with the tomahawk in hand, she pressed the enemy towards the door. No sooner had she got half way across the room, then the faithful canine guard gave a terrific howl, and sprang towards the entrance. The good old dame shouted, advanced and ' sooled' him up for a moment, then sprang back with a yell quite as unearthly as any im- aginary ghost, and fell back on the floor, all her courage gone and the ghost and dog entangled with her, the dog howled, the ghost screamed in his way, and the old lady lay silenced in horrible fear, tomahawk and all. Thus for a time, till the stifled snuffling of the dog as he worried an opos- sum in the folds of her night-dress showed the result of her long felt fear. — {Com- municated.) 