i NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. j Of course the erosion could not be allowed ! to without "ajub" U-inif brought t>i II.Ir. An which iMmiot. unearth at h-a-j y h in n j hiands itsi-Jf a-- an und'cmM.; If j , Mr. Abigail were «»n th" ' 'hi d'h oi tuc Holier in-'-tcad of boiri'.' wlu h" i-. it wou;d j 1 eo cacootliiiL'lr lmrd with him if he had no: | -(duel a uoz- ii or .«o of Ibhv uan-ac. ion- ; l'Uiu before t hi-, ha-, niirht, however, bv i tlu- irony of fat, ir Ml to the hit f»f ' Abigail t>» bo hmitc-1 'o earth by his iunncr political prr-y. .Mr. Mdviilo. »»d worried with the vn-ef-si which a mouse mi'.'ht cxhibi; in ch'-wh)'.- up a captured eat. i Jt. happened in this way : 1 For cor»F' time pa A Mr. Lyne has had a ; motion <»;i the pajvr for the produe- 1 lion of documents in connection, with the Kiatier of a rct'cni. ti-tn-af'-i -n between I he | Govcrnmeiir and a land syndicate in the 1 valuable water fruiRii'/o ai. t'retnorne. '!«> t uis iroiu yr as a formal motion" Mr. Huifh Taylor has alwais ''objected." Xot that lie had any purpose in tioinc so. but merely that i; is hi- cn-'om to i»y "bjkl" to all the formal motions as ih-.-y arc called on. an l then, df there i no chance «»t' securing a count out. -cole in? rest from these arduous Legislative labors by an immediate retire ment to I'arramatta. In despair, Mr. Lyne last nipdit moved the adjournment of tlie House, and without the papers lunged despe rately at tlie Government in the dark, ile had elicited by a question the information that a certain portion of the Crumunie foreshore which had frequently been applied for and always steadfastly re fused was now in process of transfer to a .syndicate, ami This he described as either a gross blunder or sornethine worse. Mr. M'Klhorie said'of eourseit wa wnrsa. It was a swindle, and the Minister for Education was in it as deep as anyone eie. " You are a gentleman. ' said Mr. Jncrli?. '"And if 1 was not in tho House." retorted Mr. .M'Elhuii". ' I would say you were a liar." That would have been plain speaking on Mr. 31'F.lhone's purl, anyhow : and, all thing? considered, perhaps no stronger than l he accusation warranted. Later ou he invited Mi, Intdis to come outside and have hi face made like a go ose'. lie would teach people to call him names ! When the Ilandsaker purist sat down up jumped Mr. Melville and fastened his talons iu the political throat of his old tormentor, Mr. Abigail. Strangely enough, it was Mr. Abigail who was suspected of havine signed away the public risrht tothe foreshore inqucs- tion. tlie identical Mr. Abigail whose loud pro tests against the oyster lease jobs of the Stuart Government went a good way towards the making of hi political reputation. On the face of it, tlie transaction has not a par ticularly handsome look. Mr. Garrett, who undertook the defence of the Government, endeavored to make out that instead uf the syndicate having got the better of tho public it had been the other way about — the Government, on behalf of the public, had taken in the syndicate. They had made a kind of land swap, getting 14 acres out of them in return for six. What fools tlie syndicate men were to attempt to make money by giving away land in this fashion ! Isn't it characteristic of the usual system on which these egregious greenhorns go to work ! The 14 acres which I hey gave away Mr. Ives said he would be wide enough awake to refuse" to ph'k up.'' Then, auaiu, they cave a road, such as sub- dividers of property are always obliged to irive in order to make their allotments saleable, in return, they got six acres of water frontage in a strip Djufr. wide. This is the swop : Thev make the public a present of 11 acres in a lump, and get six acre uf the harbor foreshore drawn out into about half-a-mile of St. Leonards water frontage. We do not know what justification tho papers when they are pro duced will show for this transaction, bur if Mr. Garrett's defence rest entirely on the ground which he took up last night it is an exceedingly lame one. Too much of our harbor foreshores have been alienated from the public already, and where the luuft. reserve still exists nothing short, of a public necessity should induce tlie GwVernment to part with it. That invaluable heritage, at all events, should not be swopped away to syndicates with the view of getting fourteen pounds' worth out of them fur six pounds' worth, because, for one thing, the Govern ment which attempt such investments may in the end couie out like the Vicar of Wake- Hold's astute son with his wonderful bargain in spectacles. It was close on o'clock before this matter was disposed of. Mr. Dibbs acquitted the Government of any wrong intention, but could not help pitying their stupidity. Mr. Ives, Mr. Triekctt and Mr. Abbott sang a similar song. Mr. Abigail evcutualiy got uppermost in the tussle with Mr. Melville by remarking, with suggestive scornfuluoss. that he did not say he must, live" as an excuse foi trucking with tlie syndicate men. It was a fair deal in the public interest, and the Government had got the best of the bargain. Mr. Farnell was decidedly of tlie saihe opinion. The Premier, how ever, promised to look further into the matter and make assurance doubly siitc before the land was finally parted with. That satisfied Mr. Lyne, who con fessed to u strong fellow-feeling with the Government in the position they occupied towards the matter. He had been there himself and knew what it was to have the simplest error of judgment magnified into a charge of corruption. With that he would content himself until he examined the papers, and tlie subject thereupon dropped. The third reading of the Crown Lands Act Amendment Hill brought Mr. Copeland for ward with a motion for recommittal, aud the whole debate of the previous night was gone over again. Mr. Fitzgerald, an Upper Hunter lawyer, who holds the principles of the Government, and supports the policy of the Opposition, said he appeared for the Crown lessees, and relieved himselfof a quan tity of eloquent bile against, the bill la toto. If the Crown lessees did not like the bill, Sir Henry Partes informed him that they had a ready alternative. Their holdings could very easily le disposed of to men who would take all the consequences which present or prospective legislation might entail on them, llut, with all due deference to Mr. Fitz gerald, there was abundant evidence ! to show that the bill as it stood i was a boon that they would be exceedingly loth to let slip, however much some of them might profess to dispute it. Mr. Fitzgerald's opinion on the land I question, however, has a legally appraised value. Sir Henry Parkes forgets that it is worth six and eightpence. Mr. Lvne cutout the time till 11 o'clock, when the cloture was applied and the bill carried by a large majority, Mr. Gormly, its chief opponent, having given up the ghost on the previous night. The postponed items in the Estimates were proceeded to at a late hour. On the Asylum vote the question of the late inquirv commission was re-opencd, and the friends of the accusers and accused again confronted each other, Mr. M'Elhone enthusiastically urging on the fight. I Either the heat of partisanship, however, has somewhat cooled or the subject j itself has gone stale, for there was little of the animation which has characterised previous debates on this subject. Sir Henry I Parkes has not taken the sweeping action demanded of him, but he promises other re forms of his own initiation. Mr. fJibbssulktly accepted that a the bet of n bad joo. Mi. Abbott i k-ivjve :h» i'lvmi-'r for his obli quity uf vbion. r; - In- iuM >'-» for a long | Willi blind-- 1 tu tho ,-o:i: 4.;,!, ..f things by j the bbiidbdnr'-nt iVmuic jhunblcdum | him"'.!". He .v., Hid «v»;v»le himself with the j hf.pcih-i Sir Henry Park- wnuM gr hi j opf.,i b. time. Mr. O'Snllivan would have like. I to be equally gelmrif able, but " public duoty" -duod in the way. Dr. Curt;, too. pitied more than blamed the Premier's obinscafion. Such was ihc Uvhulc tenor of the debate, in which nutlt.ng wa- sivi \ that had not been more titan said on several previous occasion. j 