OUR MELBOTTRNE LETTER. Wednesday. A letter or two back I mentioned that it was proposed to; establish a people's garden on the banks of the Yarra, im mediately opposite to the site of the old Gremorne. The project 13 now definitely before the public, a prospectus of the company to be formed having been pnblished. In comoany with other Pressmen, I had on Thursday an oppor tunity to inspect the site of the proposed garden. It is an excellent one, the greater portion being on sncb a hill that a really splendid view is obtained, look ing northwards to Melbourne. The plans that have been prepared comprise all the best features of the favorite German Bier GarteD, with such addi tions and improvements as have been induced by the consideration of the difference between t'h» European and Australian climates. Yisiiors from the old world have frequently expressed surprise that a people like onrs, with all their keen zest for out-door sports should fake the bulk of its amusement so soberly. It has been pointed out that the Parisians, for instance, with no better climatic advantages at command, spend most of their leisure hours out of doors on the boulevards, etc., and they have do such national games as cricket, football, rowing, and the like. One nr tffo attempts, it is true, have been made to establish these gardens in Melbourne, but have failed, mainly from the fict that the promot -rs were foreigners, and catered chiefly for their fellow country men. The Anrtral Gardens, however, it is proposed, shall be on a more com prehensive scale, and will provide amusement of every kind for " all sort3 and conditions of men." The provi sional directors' list includes some good Dames, and the scheme is, I. hear, at- traciing much favorable attention. We have not beard ihs iest of that Jubilee concert matter yet." It will b« remembered that though some thousands attended and the receipts were many hundreds of pounds, the expeuditnre exceeded the income by over £400. The question naturally . ask-d was, "Where did the money go to ?' and no satisfactory answer has hitherto been returned. Unofficially, it is kn-iwn tka; some of the artists engaged were paid very high fees, mnck higher, indeed, than they had a right to demand. Bat up to the present no balance- sheet has been published, and as the Government | will have to make good the deficiency, the public have come to look on the matter as one in which they have a " right to lake a hand." A further attempt is, I hear, to be made to obtain a statement oi acconnt3, and it iB to be hoped Mr Gillies will lend bis aid to have the matter cleared np. In reading the report of the discussion in the Assembly over the Centennial Exhibition Bill, it must have struck many folk that certain hon. members were extremely inconsistent. "When the Shops Bill was before the House they were emphatic in their opinion that no. place of business, small or large, should be kept open after seven o'clock. And yet here we find them voting away £130,000 for what, unlers some altera tion in the plans be made, will indeed be, as one hon. member described it, a " hnga b'zaar." For myself, lam in favor of these exhibitions, and believe they have a beneficial effect on the country, by calling the direct attention to ns of the nntions of the world. But, at the: same time, i cannot close my eyes to the fact that these shows . enter into undue competition with shopkeepers, fancy-goods dealers, amusement caterers, and other vested interests, the proprietors of which are put to heavy expense, year in and year oat. However, these latter have determined to make a strong and emphatic protest. I have been shown a document, already numerously 6igned, to be presented to Parliament, setting out. certain grievances, and asking for at least the abolition of the sale of goods' at the Centenuial. And, to ensure the petition receiving proper treatment, the services of a prominent member of the Assembly have been secured. Next, to running a newspaper, about tbs most precarious business a man can engage in is the lessee and managership of a t'ueatrs. And in this position there are grades.' Thus, while a dramatic com pany i costly enough, in all conscience, aD opera troupe goes them at least six bett-r in the matter of expense. It is repoited that onegentlemau. who has just coucluded his first attempt at manager ship, has lo-.t something very near £8000 in a surprisingly short time. To hi" credit, however, be it said that I he "ghost walked" regularly every Monday rcGrn- iug— a very different thing to calling a :ompiny toac-ther and telling them tunc, "owing '.11 ii.ij business, payment e -alaries -«iil h .va 10 be postponed " — u;t times in latin tely. A day nr :.vo since I hnd a look roaod the bail ling in Little Bourke-s-treet in which is stored the dresses, decorationi- and paraphernalia generally, of the big show onr fellow Chinese eit zans are to , sivo in the Exhibition, in aid. of: the charities. Thire were piled in heaps hideoas-looking dragons and other mon sters — in fast,everywariety of bird, beast, and fish — and all got up with that total disregard of cost, in the shape of brilliant paint and glittering gold leaf, peculiar to the Chinese mind. - Many of the banners and trappings, too, -were . of gorgeous character. I was asked -- to stay to a rehearsal of the Chinese mnsic incidental to the occasion. Owing, no donbt; to a neglect in my education', . I have.no ear for the sweet sounds of the tom-tom and ovor-strnng fiddle; so tbat l found myself unable to remain for more than the first notes of the overbore. I was, however. assured by... courteous Mr Ghing Yet that great care had been taken in making the selections, and that their principal soloist was' in strict training. Bnsiness, I am afraid, will call me away into the interior of the Australian continent when that concert is given. Bat that is just my bad fortune ; 1 'never am in a position to eDjoyra good thing. 