SMWilJMtil A NIHILIST GHOST. So much 1ms been stud lately regarding tho spirit world, and of warnings through super natural agency, that I limy be accused nf writing on a very worn out subject. How- ever, in spue or this it may interest many 10 hour tho following stmugo occurrence which happened to a well-known family some years ago, and which was related to me by my friend, Mr. , a recent new chum, on the strict condition of my suppressing names and dates should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell you this story as nearly as possible in the gentleman's own wordB : — " Two or tlirco months after marriage I took my young wife down to my place in the North of Scotland to spend the New Year, it haviug been a time-honored custom 111 our family to do so. Though the weather was bitterly cold, we all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wife, who was the only lady amongst us, wus in excellent spirits and tho life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year, wc gentlemen were amusing ourselves in the billiard-room (it must have been nearly 10 o'clock), when I wus surprised to hear Violet's voice calling mo from above, she having retired some time before. Ou going up to her room, she informed me that she had been much astonished by hearing the tinkle of sleigh bulls, and that 011 opening her window she hud seen a sledge quickly ap proaching, drawn by a pair of magnificent black horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was u lovely moonlight night, so she hnil leant out to see if she could recognise the occupant of the sledge. As she did so ho raised his head and looked her straight in the face, when she discovered ho was a perfect stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meeting her eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses, rapidly disappeared down tho Avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger could be, and had called nic up to sco if I knew. She described him us being quite young, but with snow white hair, piercing black eyes, a black moustache, and completely wrnppvd in sables. I being wall- acquainted with all iny neighbours felt quite certain he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to asto nish tho natives with such a hitherto un heard of conveyance as a sledge. 1 asked lier if she were quite sure she had not been dreaming when she indignantly replied that she had never felt mom wide awake in her life, having 1>ccii writing it most important letter at the tiuie. When I related my wife's story in the billiard-room, one of my convi vial friends suggested that we should nil sally forth in a body and search the grounds for tho unfortunate Ix-ggur, who had no doubt lost his way, and would lie very glad to be given a drink. We all acted oa this idea with alacrity, any sninlt excitement being acceptable in a country house. T11 the mean time the weather had completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover truces of the sledge. We soon got tired of the search, agreeing that tho mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and Jiud made the best of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when wc chailcd her alwut her melan choly visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome we soon dropped the subject and in fact forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided upon sc|>uruting for the night, the door of the smoking-room burst open, and to my Intense surprise my wife rushed in, h-.-r dressing-gown thrown on, her hair all dis hevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and when I enquired what on earth wus the matter, she sank into a chair, gasping out, 4 Ho has como again !' Seeing that she was really affected I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to givo me full par ticulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundly until awakened by the sound of the approaching sledge liells, then starting up, lind thrown on her dressing- gown and rushed to the window, wiicro she discovered the sledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly tho saino spot as 011 the previous night. On her appearance tho driver, looking up at her stendlastly, had raised his head in precisely thesnme warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with nameless terror, the poor little woman line! rushed down to iao in this excited condition. We all felt most indig nant at what wo began to think was a very impertinent practical joke, and consigning my wife to the euro of Iter maid, rushed out with the intention of finding and making it hot for tho perpetrator. We ran out eagerly ; the night was clear and frosty, the ground was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shock when, on ar riving boneath my wife's window, wo dis covered the snow was completely undisturbed, and that thoro was not the slightest trace of anything having passed that way. Wo all returned to tho house somewhat subdued, and talked the matter woll over, when we came to tho conclusion that thero must bo something quoor about tho ailhir, ns it wns absurd to imugino that my sensible littlo wife could be tho victim of such a delusion. xucreiorp we unanimously uociuea 011 Keep ing a watch in the billiard room— which was immediately beneath Violet's room —on tho following night; and wait for what might occur. In the meantime wo had agreed not to inontion the subject to my wife, and tho next day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, tilings went on much as usual. Some time after she had retired for tho night, wo being fortified with sundry glasses of, hot toddy, repaired to the billiard room to commence our vigil, where we turned down tho gas and drew up the blinds, and all waited on tho qui vivo for anything that might happou. Tho silcnco was becoming monotonous, when suddenly itwasbrokon with a piercing shriek, and tho sound of a heavy fall. Rushing up to my wife's room fro.rn.whenco.it had proceeded, I saw her ex tended on the floor 111 a dead faint, still in lior evening dress, with her window wide open.- It wns a long time before her maid, whom I found in tho room, could restore her to consciousness, and even then she scorned almost delirious, and kept wailing out, 1 Why docs ho come 1 What does ho mean V . Tho maid nftenvards informed me that she : had been requsted by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her master came up, and she had stated thnt she did not intend undressing until then. Her lady lmd stood wrapped ia a shawl for n long time at the window, and appeared to be listening intently for something she ex pected. Suddenly she had given a violent start, and leaning out of the window, had excitedly called the maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voice whether she could sec anything coining up the avenue or hear the tinkle of bells, lb was a still, 1 moonlight night, nlmost as light as day, but 1 the maid, a bright intclligont girl, declared she could sec or hear nothing, and lmd only jurst turned from the window when alio was horrilicd to see her mistress stagger and fall fainting to the ground. Tho violent shock that my wife had received to her nervovs system resulted 111 n long and serious illness, and ns soon as she could lie moved I took lmi> mi Min pnttfitiotif. u-lincn elm ulini-tlv n». covered her health and spirits. Wo neither of us ever iilludcd to the cuuso of her illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitive 011 tho subject, and resented my having treated it as an hallucination. Though apparently for gotten hy us both, I did not consider it judicious to spend tho coming New Year in Scotland, and wo therefore agreed on pnying a long-promised visit to St. Fctcrsbug, when I had mnny intimate friends in influential circles. On our arrival they all vied with eacli other in showing us hospitality, luy wifo was immensely admired, and her vivacity and wit made her very popular. Just before our intended departure one of the lenders of society arranged a ball in our lionomr to which Violet looked forward with great pleasure, and made most elaborate preparations. When the night of the fete arrived, and my wifo entered the room dressed for tho ball, I thought I had never seen her look so lovely, with that look of joyous anticipation on her countenance that a beautiful woman always wears when she is sure of her triumphs. During our short drive to the Hotel — , our destination, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of the coming enjoyment. On our arriving there she ascended the steps 011 my arm, still laughing and clintting gaily, hut iust as wc were about to enter the door she turned bur head ns if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly white, and her eyes were fixed 011 the spot from which our carriage had just moved. On my inquiring the reason of her agitation, site excitedly exclaimed, 'Look there !' pointing to the foot of the slops. When I declared X saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved and implored me to take her home, l'oor Violet clung to me closely passionately exclaiming that if 1 did not do so at once she knew she would die, and finding lemons trances only increased her distress, I thought it best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage T could not gut an explana tion ns my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on her arrival I had to support her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extiuordinnry conduct. In 1111 awed, almost scared voice, Violet informed 1110 that 011 entering the Hotel she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and 011 turning to see who lmd arrived, had perceived the same mysterious limn who had caused her so much terror tho previous year in Scotland. There ho was wrapped ill his heavy sables, mid using the sumo warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and impress upon her the great oU'enco her absence would probably cause on such 1111 occasion. For some time she wns quite impracticable, but seeing at Inst liovv much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with 111c. Ail the same 1 felt quite grieved to notice what a change this strange occurrence had made in her, the shrinking, pale little liuly I was now conducting to the enrringe being indeed 11 very different person to tho brilliant, joyous beauty a short time licfore. Just ns we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explosion wns heard, and a few minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city thnt the Hotel , where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed hy Nihilists), and not 11 soul there lmd escaped 1 