CHRIST CHURCH UNION. “The Unseen and the Seen, a chapter in chemical science” was the subject of an ex cellent lecture delivered in connection with the above union by Professor Alf. Mica Smith, on Tuesday evening, at Christ Church schoolroom. The chair was occupied by the president, Mr E. P. Date, and there was the usual large attendance of members and visi tors, the room being crowded. The presi dent in introducing the lecturer, spoke of him as a highly valued friend aud as an eminent scientist, aud congratulated the audieuce on the fact that the last lecture on the syllabus for the half-year just ended should be ou a scientific subject, which, although scieutific, had attracted such a numerous audience. The lecturer, Pro fessor Smith, then in au admirably lucid dis course explained how the “ unseen” became the “seen,” aud the “seen” the “unseen,” illustrating his discourse by a brilliaut aeries of successful experiments. Chemical ghosts were raised aud laid, substauces of all sorts, from sugar to gold, were dealt with in a summary wav, exhibiting marvellous changes iu structure and action. The action and reaction of chemical agents was beautifully illustrated aud clearly ex plained. The minute subdivision of matter aud of life was made clear to the dullest, and a capital idea was given of the scope and object of the fascinating science of chemistry. Professor Smith, who was ably assisted in his experiments by Mr Gronow, had a long table filled with chemical apparatus, arranged on the platform, at the end of the room, from behind which he kept his audience interested and in structed for upwards of an hour aud a half. The lecture was in two parts. In the interval the president auuounced that the first syllabus of the union ended with Professor Smith’s lecture. A second syllabus had, however, been prepared, and was ready for distribution, showing meetings up to end of March, 18SS. The next meeting of the union would be on the 3rd November. The president also drew attention to the grand entertainment on Friday next, 28th inst., iu aid of the union piauo fund. After the in terval Professor Smith gave a brilliant resume of the process from life to death and from death to life constantly going on throughout creation, which, with somo further remarks explanatory of the seen passing into the unseen, and suitable illus trative experiments, experiments which were literally brilliantly successful, especially those representing moonlight and sunlight, concluded an able and remarkably interest ing lecture. The presidcut warmly thanked the lecturer for the great treat which, at so much trouble to himself, he had afforded to the members and friends of the union. To this Professor Smith suitably responded, ex pressing his satisfaction at the patient and kiud atteutiou that had been given to his lecture. This concluded a most successful and iuterestiug meeting of Christ Church Union. 