IMPORTANT ITEMS FROM HOBART. At a meeting of the Executive Council, held yesterday at Hobart, the appoint ment of the Hon. J. S. Dodds aud the Hon. Adye Douglas as representatives of Tasmania at the Imperial Conference was formally approved. The Hon. J. ^S. Dodds will be entertained at a banquet on Saturday, prior to his departure from Hobart on Monday, via Launceston, en route for Melbourne, to proceed by the Orient liner Iberia for London. A despatch has been received by the Premier from the Secretary of State for the Colouies, notifying the appointment of Sir Robert Hamilton to succeed Sir George C. Strahan as Governor of Tas mania. Messrs. Fohon aud Greene, arbitrators ia reference to lixiug tolls for ruuning powers ovor railway lines, with Mr Speight as umpire, only dealt with the question of toll for Main Line Company's running powers over the Government line between the junction at Evandale and Launceston. The other question of fixing tolls to be paid by the -Government for running powers over the Main Line from the Corners to Bridgewater and to the Evandale Junction was deferred, in con sequcuco of the manager of the Main Line demanding a specified sum for the privi lege, and the Govornmeni proposing to pay at per engine, carriage, and truck. The matter, therefore, stands over until some mutual understanding is arrived at by the manager of the Main Line and the Government. Messrs. Greene and Speight arrived here by express train from Hobart yesterday, and proceeded by the s.s. Pateena on their return to Melbourne. The report of the arbitrators with refer ence to the line between the Evandale J unction and Launceston willbe forwarded from Melbourne shortly. Train Mejis — By express train from Hobart yesterday Messrs. Speight (Chair man of Railway Commissioners), W. II . Greene, F. Back, and Hon. F. Darley v-eie passengers. Mb Locke Richabdson. — To-morrow night will Witness the debut of this great artist in Tasmania, his programme being ' The Christmas Carol.' An idea of the success he achieved in Melbourne in this recital may be gathered from the following clipping from the Melbourne Telegraph : — ' Not only were scenes from Dickens' panoramic vision resuscitated, but by subtle touches on the word-outlines of every character in the picture, a graphic and vivid delineation of their distinctive idiosyncrasies was attained. Charles Dickens himself had no living rival in the stage portrayal of Fagan in ' The Murder of Nancy,' in 'Oliver Twist.' Mr Richard son's ability, however, in the parallel character of that other ' grey -haired ras cally Jew' who figures in the carol, was in no whit inferior to that of the novelist. In vivid contrast came the inimitable brogue of the old Irish hag wh6 brings the stolen shroud of Scrooge's corpse for sale. All the characters, too, in the comedy pass before us under the potent spell of the reciter's talent in their very habit aB they lived ; not their portraits painted by the novelist, but the very living models from which the novelist painted them.' Presentation to a Cuckoo.— About half-an-hour before the steamer Pateena left die wharf for Melbourne yesterday, Mr G. W Towl, la ' distinguished member of the Cuckoo Club, who has gone to Bal larat to take charge of his father's business was presented with a handsome gold locket set with pearls, by Mr H. Cato on behalf of the club. In making the presen tation Mr Cato paid a high compliment to Mr Towl for his, abilities aa a 'corner' man, and said by his gentlemanly de meanour he had «ndeared himself to the hearts of all the members of the club. Mr Towl feelingly replied, and in the course of a noble little speech said he would never forget the many happy days he had spent with the Cuckoos in Laun ceston, and wished them every success. Dbat the Botes ! — This is the odd title given by that popular Franco English writer, Max O'Rell, the author of 'John Bull and his Island,' to his new work. We have received from Messrs. Walch Bros.1 and BirchaU a copy of ' Drat the Boys : or, Recollec tions of an Ex-French Master ia England.' While professing not to write with the aim of being instructive, the book is full of instruction in a most pleasing form ; being chiefly the adventures of a hopeful Frenchman with a light purse in Albion. The author commences by giving a sketch of his early days, but the commencement 5s ratbfir abrmrt. * * T was born.' he re marks, 'on the ? . But this is scarcely a 'recollection' of mine.'' He had brief hut lively, or rather deadly experience in the Franco-Prussian war, and a glance at doings of the Commune in Paris. Up to the close of Chapter II. the book is in the form of a diary, the dateB extending from early in 1869 to 14th January 1874. After that the work deals chiefly with scholastic matters in Max O'Reil's most pithy and attractive style. It is printed on thick, toned paper, and forms a handsome present, amusing and readable by all classes, and instructive and useful to scholars of all ages. Excubsion Tbaiks to Formby. — We are requested to state that should sufficient inducement offer an excursion train with fares similar to those charged on Sunday last, will be run to Formby next Sunday, the 30th inst. Academy of Music. — From Mr M. Stackhouse, secretary to the Academy of Music Company, we learn that Mr W. J. Hollo way's Dramatic Company open here for a season of three weeks, commencing on February 14, prior to Miss Essie Jenyns appearing in London. Mr Wybert Reeve's Company follows, and will play from March 17 to March 30. We also learn that Mr George Rignold has forfeited his deposit for the Academy, consequently his season has been indefi nitely postponed. A Cow Affected by Sunstroke. — It is not very often we hear of cattle or horses being seriously affected by sunstroke, but a case of a cow becoming paralysed from this cause was brought under onr notice yesterday. Its circumstances briefly are that whilst the cow was quietly grazing near a waterhole at Kings Meadows it suddenly gave a terrific plunge and fell back into the mud, where it had to be dug out. It was then placed in a lorry and brought into the hotel yard, and efforts were made to revive it, but so far without 8UCC6B8. Pebth. — An eleven from the River View C.C. j9urneyed to Perth on Satur day to try conclusions with the local club. After a very good game (consider ing the state of the weather) they re turned home defeated by 37 runs on 1 the first innings. The scores were — Perth, first innings, 71 runs ; R.Y.C.C., 34\. For the victors S. Hertel, D. Smart, and J. Conacher batted in good form, while Kerrison and Rusden did likewise for the losers. The bowling honors were divided between 0. Wigan and M. Hertel for Perth, and Kerrison, Rusden, and Webb for R.Y.C.C. Police Coubt. — At the Police Court yesterday, before Mr H. T. A. Murray, P.M., and Mr B. P. Farrelly, J.P., John M'Nally pleaded guilty to having, on the same morning, stolen a galvanised iron bucket, the property of Mr William Barnes, of Trevallyn, valued at 2s, and was sentenced to a month's imprisonment. A case of threatening language, brought by Agnes Hunt against Michael Maloncy, was dismissed, there being no appearance of either patty. Union Athletic Association. — A fui.'y attended committee meeting of the above Athletic Association was held at Latham's Royal Tasman Hotel, Patterson-street, last evening, when Mr W. T'-ielwell was elected chairman. It was decided that the next sports of the association, which had been originally proposed for the 17th of March next, St. Patrick's Day. should be held on that date in conjunction with the St. Patrick's Demonstration. Amongst other routine business, it was decided that a procession, consisting of the St. Patrick's Drum and Fife Band, St. Patrick's Society, a brass band, and other societies, should leave the Mechanics' Institute corner at 11*30 a.m. on the morning of the sports day, and after parading several of the principal streets, march to the sports ground. The following programme was drawn up, and the prizes for each event will be published in a future issue of this naner : — Maiden Race lOOvds. Bovs Race under 14, Barrel Race (blindfold) 15yds, Kangaroo Race 50yds, High Jump, Obstacle Race, Sheffield Handicap 125yds, Sack Race 50yds, Mile Race, Kicking Football, Old Buffers' Race (over 40 years) 100yds, Walking Match one mile, Climb ing Greasy Polo, Irish Jig, Putting the Weight, Eating Treacle Roll, Bicycle Race two miles, and 150yds Handicap for members of St. Patrick's Society only. We understand that the St. Joseph's Band have been engaged to play during the day. Eddvstoke Lighthouse . — Yesterday, at noon, says the Jlfcrcury, the s.s. War rentinna left for Eddystone with 25 men as a working party, under the chargo of Mr Duffy, jun., to commence operations for the erection of the new lighthouse. They take with them a quantity of material, working plant, horses, and drays. Bailiff's Sale. — At the Court House yesterday morning, Mr Alex. Kirkland, bailiff of the Court of Requests, held a sale of a set of teeth and two cloth shrinking machines, levy upon which had been made by the bailiff in the suit Hall v. James. The set of teeth was purchased by E. J. Da Bomford for 3s, and the sliri liking machines by D. LeitchandF. W. Banes for 10s and 5s respectively. Eiuiata. — A typographical ermr oc curred in the cowmunicatinn — Friendly Societies' Spoils — published in yester day's issue, wherein the name of Mr 'Ryan'' should appear as Mr 'Pryde.'' The Industrial Sxhieiton. — There 1 was only moder^e attendance at the Industrial Exhibition last evening, but those who paid the place a visit seemed to find much that interested and instructed them. Castley's offee roaster was at work amongst othei thing?, and attracted a good deal of atteiiion. Mr C. B. Foster performed during the efeiiing, and his selections, 'The ole folks at home' (by re questofacouple of joung ladies), 'Zimpa,' etc. , were much almired. This evening another attractive Sill is to be submitted in tbe shape of s promenade concert by the St . Joseph's Bind in the Park, and at intervals Mr FoBier will perform on the organ and piano it the Exhibition, whilst the Park will be iluminated with Chinese lanterns. It is tlso announced, that all principals, assiiants, and pupils (in charge) of public and private schools are invited this evenbg. Funeral of the Late Mr T. S. Chttty. — The mortal remains of the late Mr T. S. Chitty, who died at his resi dence, Invermay, early on Sunday morning, were conveyed to their last resting place yesterday afternoon. The cortege was a very lengthy one, and among the followers were s large number of our most prominent citizens. The chief mourners were Messrs- H. T. Hall, Lord, Edmund Eing, and J. Barnard, the most intimate friends of the deceased, then followed Mr Robert Henry, Superintendent lelegraphs, Ho bart ; Mr Fahey, and the staff of the local Telegraph Office. The Yen. Arch deacon Hales performed the last sad office at the grave, which was at the English Cemeteiy, and the simple but impressive burial service of the Anglican Church was read with the deepest earnest ness by the greatly respected Archdeacon, but we regret to add that owing to carelessness in making the grave too small for the coffin some little time was lost before it could be lowered. These inexcusable blinders have occurred rather frequently of late, and much sur prise mingled with indignation was ex pressed that such wanton carelessness should be displayed. Such a circumstance is not only painful to the followers, but highly reprehensible in those who are paid to perform such solemn work pro perly. Longford.— At the Police Court yes terday morning, before the Warden (Mr W. H. D. Archer), George Foster aud William Waddington were charged by ] Constable Shepperd, of Cressy, the 1 former with having allowed a pig to be at large m the public streets, the latter two pigs. Both pleaded guilty, and the Warden, who explained to the defendants that they were liable to a fine of 10s for each pig, only inflicted a fine of 2s Gd for each pig, costs remitted. Tamae Regatta. — Entries for the Regatta, to be held at Stephenson's Bend on Thursday next, closed at the Brisbane Hotel last evening. The total number received compare very favorably with those of previous years, and there is no doubt the rowing races will excite keener competition than has been witnessed at previous regattas. The following is the number of entries in each race : — Brisbane Trophy, for maiden scullers — Six entries. First ' prize, £3 and trophy valued at £2, or cash for fimilai- amount, presented by Mr E. H. Panton ; second prize, £4 ; third prize, £2. Tamar Sculls— Two entries. Prize, £8. Youths under 20 — Five entries. First prize, £20 ; second priz9, £8. Ladies' Purse — Five entries. First prize, £30, and a trophy, presented by Messrs. F. and W. Stewart to the coxswain of the winning boat ; second prize, £10. Mayor's Purse — Four entries. Prize, £7, and trophy, presented by the Union Athletic Association ; second prize, £4. Strahan Sculls — Three entries. Prize, £&. Maiden Pairs — Two entries. Prize, £10. Maiden Fours — Four entries. First prize, £20 ; second ditto, £8. Champion Race — Four entries. First prize, £35, and trophy presented by Mr A. W. Stephens to the coxswain of the niuuiug uuaii , acuuiiUi cuiii-u, ^o. j.uvci* may Purse — Three entries. Prize, £12. Miners' Purse — Three entries. Prize, £15. Yacht Race — Two entries. Prize, £30. Double Sculling Race— Three en tries. Prize, £10. Second- class Yacht Race— Four entries. Prize, £20 ; second, £10. Sailing Boat Race — Five entries. First prize, £12 ; second prize, £5. Total amount of prize money, exclusive of trophies, £300. It was decided by the committee that any entries received to-aay bearing yesterday's post mark should bB received. It is anticipated there will be another entry in the Champion Race, also one in the Maiden Pairs from the South Esk, of a boat that is expected to arrive by the s.s. Corinna, from Sydney, to-day. The committee meet again this evening at the Brisbane Hotel, to draw for places, and also to fix the order in which the races will be started. Latroee Gas Company. — The pros pectus of the Latrobe Gas Company, Limited, capital £6000 in 6000 shares of £1 each, will be found in another column. Concert at George Town. — Our cor respondent informs us that a concert was held in the George Town Town Hall on Thursday last, which was well attended. A lengthy programme was submitted, and was carried out in a manner which secured evident satisfaction from thd audience. The ladies are deserving of much com mendation for the maaner in which they arranged and performed such a creditable programme upon such limited notice. The proceeds were devoted to the funds of the Parsonage, and the Rev. J. S. Babington, who is exceedingly popular in the town ship, undertook a heavy share of the even ing's entertainment. Miss Kate Richard son acted^as accompanyist throughout the evening, and the following ladies also took part : — Misses Richardson, Hobkirk, and Hopkins. The items, ' American Airs,' by Miss Hobkirk ; tableau, ' Over the garden wall,' Rev. J. S. Babington ; aud 'Pygmalion and Galatea' tableau came in for the largest share of favorable criti cism. He Blew His Whistle. — A little excitement was caused about 11*30 last evening, owing to the continued blowing cf a policeman's whistle. Watchman M'Queen, whilst going his rounds, dis covered the main door connected with Mr W. A. Anderson's grocery establishment, corner of Charles and York streets, to be open, and immediately sounded his whistle so as to procure assistance in order to institute a search. The alarm at tracted about 50 persons, in addition to quite a formidable body of policemen, who anticipated something of an exciting nature. The premises were subjected to a vigorous examination by Watchman M'Queen aud Sergeant Green, who re turned a verdict that the door was ap parently left open by negloct, and not even the ghost of a burglar could be seen. A Hearse in Difficulties. — A few minutes after 3 o'clock yesterday after noon a little commotion was caused in St. John-street, owing to the fractiousuess of a horse attached to the hearse, which was on its way to the residence of the late Mr T. S. Chitty, at Invermay. Just opposite the Australian Widows' Fund Chambers a portion of the harness gave way and one of the horses, a fine up standing black animal, became so restive at the harness being loose about its legs, that it lashed out furiously and almost screamed with fright. Mr Richards, who was seated beside the driver, dismounted from the box and held the horse's head till it was freed from its entanglement, and a few moments afterwards a pair of cab horses were harnessed to the hearse, and it proceeded to its destination. The fore carriage of the vehicle was fortunately so cocsU uckd that v.lien the liurses sworvod tlje hearae did nut turn W'-i', nevertheless had not Mr Ricliwcs bi;e;i smart at g-tting command of the horse, the con sequences would have been serious. Keep tbe kidueys healthy au-1 unobstructed with American Company's Hop Bitters and you need not fear sickness. Read. The Comet. — From Mr A. B. Biggs, we learn that a brief and faint view of the comet was obtained about halt-past 9, be tween clouds last evening, just enough to afford some idea of the direction of its motion, which appears to be south-east, certainly eastward. It appeared to start Alpha Grus, and to stretch towards, and nearly reach Alpha Hydric (near Achernan.) No view of the nucleus was obtainable. Any attempt to identify this comet with any former visitant, is at pre sent mere guess-work. The elements of its orbit must be first ascertained, and be fore tllis can be done, at least three ac curate observations for position must be obtained The object has hitherto .been so excessively shy, that, so far as 1 am aware, not one such observation has yet been secured. Intercolonial Items.— The bulk of Sir George Grey's library recently presented to the Auckland Free Public Library has arrived from Kawau ; and the volumes are being arranged in the library. The collection has been insured for £5000. — A large seizure of grog was made a few days ago at Mrs M'Donald's store, near Geraldton, Johnstone River, by Revenue Officers Hinch and Young. — Tenders are being invited in the Australasian colo nies, Europe, and America for the con struction of 44 locomotive engines for the New South Wales railways. — The number of failures in the colony of New South , Wales for . the month of December last , was 92, with liabilities amounting to £160,476. This makes a total of 707 1 failures, with liabilities amounting to £923,154 during the half-year just ended. ; — Last week Mr John Nagia Ryan, M.L.C., died suddenly while in his buggy, travelling from his residence to the Geelong Railway Station, whither he was proceeding to catch the train for Sydney. Mr Ryan was a large landed proprietor in the Burrowa district, and was well-known for his hospitable and genial character. On September 18, 1883, he was appointed a member of the Legislative Council ; but he never took a very active part in politics, except in his own district. — An inquest was held in the Parramatta Hospital a few days ago on the remains of a man found on the rail way line on Wednesday night. It appears that John Quing, driver, oi arriving at Blacktown with the mail train at about a quarter to nine, saw something adhering to the engine wheels which looked like human hair and skin. Albert Davey, I night officer at Blacktown, found the remains scattered along the line. The i body was so injured that recognition was . impossible. It appeared to be that of a man about 30 years of age, well nourished; and the clothes wei*e moleskin trousers, diagonal tweed coat, white flannel unaor shirt, and spotted shirt. A verdict was returned that the deceased had been acci dentally knocked down by the mail train on the 12th instant. Mrs W. Boyd begs to inform her customers and the public that she has opened her pre mises with a limited supply of boots and shoes, and asks for a fair share of public patronage. At the Church Grammar School the new quarter begins on January 2S, but new boys may be entered on the 2Gtb Messrs. Dempster and Pearce at their half yearly sale are how showing a fine lot of ladies' hose in assorted colors, and ladies' Lisle Jersey gloves of all shades. A public meeting will be held in the Wyn yard Town Hall on Thursday, January 26, at 7'30,_to consider an offer of a piece of land for a public racecourse in the vicinity of Wyn yard. Why be sick and ailing when Hop Bitters will sorely cure you ? None genuine but made by American Company. Read and know. 'Rough on Piles.'— Why suffe. Piles, Immediate relief and complete cure guaran teed. Ask for ' Rough on Piles.' Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form ot Piles. 4 Those afflicted with Asthma, Bronchitis, or any other bronchial affection should try a box of SrMONs' Australian Asthma Cube. It not only gives immediate relief, but makes an effectual cure in the most chronic cases. Sold by all chemists. Hattok akd Laws, Agents for Tasmania. 'Bough on CaIabbh.'— Corrects offensive odors at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, fcul breath. (4 