Sunday Reading, Sermon Fund. I One on tho Lord's sido 10s. r.- I "Tbs Temptation of Christ, j Bkv. Db. Waoe, Principal of King's ! -. Colloge, London. Then w Jc9iis led up of the spirit into the .adcraoss to bo tempted of the deVil. " And -^hen Ha kid fasted forty days and forty nlchts, He afterward an hungered. And when the tempter came to Him, ho said, If Thou be tho Son at God, command that these atones be znndo bread. Bnt He answered and said, It is written, fflangbnll not lite by bread alone, but by every Jronl that proccedoth out of tho mouth of <stou» _Jfefctlie*lV. 1-1. THE record of our Lord's temptation, which . ib specially cominondcd to our considerat ion in Lent, must needs bo momentous-first, in its iraportj for tho compreheiision of tho spirit of His ministry; And, secondly, in its example to ourselves. Tho event occurred immediately after He had been fully endued at His baptism with tho Holy Ghost for tho purpose of Hib office, and before Ho. entered ppon His public work. It boars the ehArAc'tor of a preliminary trial-wo perhaps, venture to say a rehearsal-*£ His qualifica tions for His awful mWon, and must, con Bjteafly bo regarded as exhibiting in certain erocial instances the dangers Ho would have to meet, and the spirit in which they were to be oreroome. "We are told at tho oloso of the aairitive in St. Luke that " the devil departed fpomHim for a season," which 1b generally understood to imply that our Lord*s victory waB so complete that tho evil Bpfrit did not venture to assail Him until tho tiitio which our Loid described as u the houf and the power of daAness." But this aspect of the story seems to receive a special emphasis from, another con* ^deration of extreme interest. This narrative would seem, if we may ho allotted tho expres sion, to possess the ufcityie character of being aotobiographical. Our Lord was in the wilder ness11 wone,n St: Mark's graphic descrip tion, "mth the wild beasts." Thcro were sons but heavenly witnesses of tho mysterious experiences of thoso forty days; no human eye witnessed them, and their rcoord, therefore, is floe,to no human observation. By whom, than,'could tho narrative have been com municated to the evangelists except by our Lord Himself F .And even if tho events wero revealed to them by special inspiration after onr ford's departure, the ultimate source of the information is still tho same. If bo, tie very brevity of the narrative augments its interest; it cannot bo a record of the past, whether tho temptation, as some suppose, lasted in various degrees .Or fdrrris throughout the whole time, or whether it was concentrated into one gteftfc struggle at the .lose. Bat to say the least, many thoughts ind experiences ttiu&t; have combined to bring the,temptation to its crisis, and many elements must hive been present to tho mind of our lard which are not here recorded. But all details are by Himself left on one side in w® account he gave of those momentous ex istences, and all is summed up in the three specified points of the temptation. Ho knew, m none else could possibly have done, what the essential elements in the temptation to which Ho was subjected, and in TTig experience ind remembrance the whole power of the Evil One was concentrated in the three elements of temptation which He or His Holy Spirit re counted to His disciples. In these three characteristic temptations, therefore, we are to look for the central principles of His work, m recorded by Himself, brought to the test «the outset of His carcer. . But we are also to discern in them, in some ®$reej at least, the central points of that of all human souls which our Lord tasted its intensity. If Ho was tempted in all points like we are, yet without sin, then great to must be the difference in degree between the trials of the Captain of our Salvation and those °f.u. feeble tollowers, yet they cannot be .otherwise than similar in their essential elo -that is, in thoso very elements jnich our Lord selected for tho informa Jton and warning of His followers. We may therefore, in endeavouring to understand this ®snative, venture to consider partly what .wit it casts upon human experience, and also *nat light that human experience casts back «pon the narrative itself. These temptations * jTe hcen real temptations; they must *v\'v*re8SC<^ themselves to tho cravings \e. a Profound root iu the necessities difficulties of the human heart, and which « P^Pjtually dragging men to ruin. The | orch teaches us accordingly to regard tho as written for our example and iustruc JS' au^.,80 far as wo can enter into the ex P®i0nco it describes and disccrn its main Quoits shall wo obtain an insight into the . which must guido our own lives, and the way m which alone we can follow our wnour's steps. Ji? li?8 ^ "s morning con temptation to turn the st'mes loaves of bread. This, as wc aro expressly ^i18 5'wscd our Lord's sense of Lj cal necessity and suffering combined with lotw C0n8cl0Ufln08rt of tlio possession of miracu- f tW ? which ITu might have relieved 40T'u ^*1GU Ho had fasted 10 days and 1 was afterwards an hungered, and iu0ii®nipt<!r oainn to him Ho said, 'If lirma. v , 1 God» command tliat these S?. flfWi0l,rcad-,M prolonged fast fiAtnm# induced our Lord's bodily m wlrflS %S°ndition weakneas and suffering irlief TOVa8 llut,ir3l^y craving for some tifeu*, V t 'vcr intiy lmv0 heen tho lte.i V10 I)urP°*° of thin long ftint. His *nd rtm *Jl,'uranco was put to a severe strain; Weill*,* ~rm;ter suggchts to Him, what Ho OBce ^ ?lln8ejf> Hint it was in His power at 5,000 who subsequently fed ^rehad^f S* ft ^uaV0H ,md hslies must *hich»»ftt ij C0Tnmul.1d miraculous resources To thitt ^?l onco 'lHV0 »Mpplitd His wants. . sense tho tempter appoals. .Mst? t? ^10 °vi! of tho suggestion -lacro wore, it has 1>eeii observed) other times in our Lord'u life and ministry in ?e. ^ hesitate to have recourse to Hifl nliraculdus powers, even for His own pre* Borvatioxl, as when, ito passed through tho hostilo <Srdwd at Nazareth; dild tliefe. Seerrfs obviouftly iidtiiihg etoidhtialiy wrong iji - tfto exercise or Buch powers, Hut our Lord'# answer, "It is written, Man shall ndt live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God," points to the fact that the use of His miraculous power on this occasion would hav# been inconsistent with the express will And wdrd of His Father. It is to bo explained, in.short; by the fact that, as the evangelist says, He was led, dr, as diio df them speaks,Ho was "dnve^ iiitd the wi)dct^dfitiiiT the*Spirit to be tempted of the devil.'* This endurance, for reasons beyond our full conipre hension, had been imposed upon Him by the* . Spirit of God, and ho tV'duld, therefore, iiavc 'been aetiiig in disobedienco to an express direction of Hij Fathor. if He had used the power with which He was endued to escape from the trial. "Wo have a memorable instance of the manner in which tho same temptation was met. and overcome an.the hour when the Evil One last assaulted lijni. T|te ertprcssly declared* At the itidmciil \vheU He was seized by the JCWs, that it was in His power to have delivered Himself had he so chosen. (* Tliinkest thou," He said to His disciples, "that I cannot now pray to my Father, and He shall presently give Me more than 12 legions.of angels? But how, then, shall the Scripture be fulfilled that thus it must be T* The case seems precisely parallel^ and th<5 temptation we are now con sidering appears to have beeii, Us it Were, a teheAfsal of that final cdrifiidt: Bat as this was to first) Aiid OHd 6f tnQ ldafc; tetffpfd tions that assaulted our Lord, so nrafit it have been continually present; as it were, throughout His whdle life. That whole life was a 'siijnlissidn td cirburiistarioes of .the utniost jjilfreHhg;, WeakHess, Etid iiiiiiefy by One who, as His miracles continually showed, and as His words expressly said, had the power at any moment to emancipate Himself from them. His whole life was one prolonged humiliation until he finally humbled Himself, and became " obedient unto the death, even the death of the cross." Now, this submission was throughout animated.by a spirit expressed in this answer to the Uvil One that " man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of tho mouth of God." Jt was the will of God that He should thus submit, that He should become "perfect through BUfferiiigjn atidso become the author of etefrial salvation to all them that shall follow Mini; and fie subdued : all the oravings and inclinations bf Sis bddily nature and of Ttis soul to the vfili df ilia Father. His final prayer}lt Not ify -Will, but j Thine be ddnej" received its first eienipHika I tidn iii this teniptdtibn to relieve the cravings of prolonged famine, and was put to a similar strain throughout TTis whole ministry. Alike in the simplest wants of human nature and its in tensest trials He exhibited the power of absolutely submitting His human will to His Father's will and to His own higher will. Now, it would seem obvious that this is an example of the earliest and simplest, and yet, in some respects, the most persistent, tempta tion by which ordinary human beings are beset. The commonest temptations of life are aroused by physical cravings, together with the opportunity for gratifying those cravings in some manner which is contrary to the declared will-and ordinance of God. Some of tho Ten Commandments-such as those which proteot property nnd. prescribe the sanctity of marriage, and the last, again, which forbids coveting are directed against this elementary temptation. The tempter is perpetually saying to men, "You can gratify thin passion, or relieve this necessity, by disregarding the arbitrary rules which have been imposed upon you; it is natural that you should do so, and you will but be calling into play capacities which are in herent in your nature." How often do men lay this unction to their consciences, if not for offences condemned by human law, yet for private and secret sins known t> God alonu! But they know, at the same time, that they aro acting against the higher law of their nature, against a rule and order laid down by God Himself for their guidance. Their only safety lies in grasping tho principle which our Lord here asserted in answer to the tempter, that men shall not live by bread alone, but by overy word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. But if that principle is to be a duo support to them they must observe that it has both a negative and.a positive side. In ex cuse for some offonces of tho kind just in ! dicated it was said to our great English ! moralist of -the last century, "A man must live." "Sir," said Dr. Johnson, "I do not i see the necessity." That was the Stoic form of tho principle injquestion; but the Lord in vests it with an infinitely higher character by I expressing it in the gracious tones of the ! Gospel. It was true *in the highest sense that ; a man must livo; but his life does not consist in tho mere gratification of his bodily cravings, or even the natural desires of his mind and heart, or even in his life here. The essential life of his naturo consists in his living nnd acting in harmony with the will of God. Man shall not lito by bread alone, but he sluill live by every won! that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. So far as it is necessary for him to livo hero all natural provision that is essential for him will bo mado by his Father in heaven. It is unnecessary for hint to take thought, say ing, "What shall we oat or what shall we dnnk, or wherewithal shall wo be clothed r" for our Heavenly Father knoweth that wo have need of all theso things; and let us seek first tho kingdom of God, and all things shall bo added unto us. It adds, surely, infinite weight to that exhortation to reflect that it was spoken by Ono who, as this temptation shows, know full well that the promise was consistent, with tho requirement of severe euduranco and grievous want. It does not involve a promise that God will spare men r.U sufferings and sup ply every wish and craving of their bodily nature. It asserts, indeed, that Ho will do so at far aB it is consistent with thoir best wel fare and with His general purposes for them selves and others. No man or woman can expect to havo our Saviour's promises ful filled to themselves in a higher degree than that in which thoy were fmfifled iH iferiBpff. So felt assured that He was in the lictrtiI# of Bis Father. Ho know as nono elae ever kne* ihe depth of tbat Father's love and His unwilling fiehfl to, require more Bacrificea or sufferings frblraf His children than are necessary to the vindication trad e'Jiiablwfenieftt of righteousness lipcfc earth. Xnc/wing tins,- Me felt it no in consistency with ^ theso am'plo declarations that His op*n life should present th& most glaring contrast in external appear ance to the assurances He Jir'oeldimed. His life was surrounded by none of tho ^lory of Solomon, and though He said in tho same exhortation: "Behold the fowls of the rfir, frrr they BOW not, neither do they reap, nOr gather itilo ban>s, yet your heavenly Father feedeth thcrrt.y< tie said on another occasion: "The birds of the flir have nests, IMfc the S(/u of Ifan hath not where* to lay His I head." . . But if His experience IKhrstrafed the ap- : parent contrast of life to the cJil»orttftions of His sermon, it illustrated not less forciofy fhe higher final meaning of those promises and jn-inciples on which He relied in His tempta tion! tnat men shall not live by bread alone, bill oy c^ctf. word Ah at proceedeth out of the mouth of God. idt .ftftqr His humiliation, even to the last extremity iri vfrrich 5fe refused to save Himself, He rose in a power and glory which fully answered to the true necessitoc'3 of His bodily no less than of spiritual nature. His body was sown in corruption, it waB raised in incorruption; it was sown in weakness, it was raised in glory; it was sown a natural body,- it tfag raised a spiritual body. The life of njan lie proved by Mifl experience is not to be irieasirfed by the wants and craving's of his present eiisferfc'e; H has ah eternal character, and is destined for an everlasting sphere. There, whatever it may hattf ftfregoWe here, in obedience to the word of God and t*c*Vs will, will be abundantly made up to it, and it tfill i b'o teeD that man's true lifo consists and sub- I siste etenifill7 in overv word that proceedcth | out of the mouth of Gc*l, 3fy brethren, ther© is surely to tnuch evi dence around us that the lesson of. this tion 'is one which needs to be deeply impressed ujKm men in general, and that it is the only principle which can preserve society as well as our individual lives from confusion and ruin. It is,, after all, too much to" expect human nature^ as a whole, to act on the stern principle that life and blessing are not ncccssary. A <*cuifd foF thertij the craving for their enjoy ment, is deeply Stflflijted irt ineradicable cha racters on the soul of man, aad If the hopes of then* he utterly baffled or obscured human nature rises in. despairing revolt. It is true, indeed, uirii v'itrfalions Of the elementary laws of human society avefl£c themselves even in this world, and that no class, and Imi few in dividuals, can acquire even apparent happiirefs by attempting to satisfy their needs in wild and revolutionary disregard of the principles of mutual honesty or of the elementary laws of all society. But it is none tiitf less true that if yon sliut out-from the- view of mankind the only assurances which offer them an adequate compensation for suffering and self-denial here, you expose them to a temptation which you have no right to txpcct them to have "the power to resist-tho temptation to relieve their wants and miseries by some swift and violent measure. The only supreme steady ing and controlling power, alike in the life of nations and in individuals, is afforded by the principle our Lord here assorted as the ground of His own patient endurance, that, on the one hand, man shall not live by bread alone, and, on the other, that he shall live, and live eternally, by every word that^ proceedeth out of the mouth of God. Go iothe most suffering, the most poverty-stricken, the most humble of mankind, and bring homo to their heart tho Saviour's assuranco that they are endued with a spiritual life which is inde pendent of all external circumstances, which may even be brought to higher perfection by suffering than by enjoyment, which depends solely on tho will of God, and the perfection of which will assuredly be realised in proportion to their faithfulness to that will, will make them feel, in a word, by the Saviour's example as well as the Saviour's teaching, that they have in their hands the words of their Father in heaven-words by which their spirit can live here and hereafter, and which will bring forth fruit of the eternal and spiritual lifo by the sus taining power of the Holy Spirit which inspires them; convince them that the true remedy for their own miseries and those of their fellows lies in the faithful and unselfish performance of all the ordinary duties of their lot, and you will not only give them a comfort which will be infinitely superior to any physical blessings they <jould otherwise obtain, but you will have sustained them in the only course by which the eoudition of the world can be permanently' ameliorated. This temptation of the devil is, perhaps tho most elementary and common temptation with which the world is tried, from the heroic sacrifice sometimes required of duty to the ordinary self-control imposed by common moral obligations, and by theputieut<}pdurance of hunger and want All alike bring' men and women face to face with the question whether they will gratify the craving, whether it be the intense craving of the famine of tho body, or , oftmi tho still more intense craving of the ' famine of tho heart, by somo means not eon sistcntwitli tho obligations under which they ! know themselves to bo placed by tho will of j God and by His express law. Strong natures 1 may resist such temptations, at least in many cases, by a Stoio fortitude; but none need bo driven to so severe a resource, and the Saviour's answer to the tempter implies a gracious as suranco on which oven- human soul may rest in such moments of conflict. It* life, its eternal life, the lite of all blesMUg and peace, is enshrined in those words of God which arc given to bo it.s daily food; and if, like the Saviour, it is content to live upou them, to soek for theiu, to cling to them aiuidat all tho struggles and dangers of its prtsent existence, it will not bo left unsupported oven here. Angels will como from timo to time to minister to it as thoy ministered to tho Saviour at the close of His first series of temptatious, and, alwvo all, tho promises of His beatitudes are its inheritance, as when He lifted His eyes on Jgg disciples, and said: "Blessed he ye poor for yours is the kingdom of God; Messea. are ?fc that hunger, now, for ye Bhall be filled; ifcsMif iiro jo that "weop now, [for ye shall, laugh." 