Jimmy Possum chair THE MORTGAGEE'S WOOING. (BY BENDIGONIA) (Written specially. for The Tasmanian.) CHAPTER III. Those whom the spirit of adventure moves can no longer contain their sporting proclivities, seek fresh fields and pastures new in America shooting the grizzly, bear, or in India tracking thr blood thirsty tiger, or silencing the roar of the king of beasts. But if such young men wish to risk their lives and limbs, wish to make their blood run quicker, to feel their nerves tighten, wish to feel that fierce desire to dominate the beasts of the field, a feeling "which makes the whole world kin '— found in the wildest savage and most civilised of mankind — they need not go so far as America or India. They can stop at home here in Tasmania, and satisfy themselves with all these natural pugnacious desires ; they can have their 'sport,' can even break their necks in the fray, and still be useful members of society, and return to their sisters and their cousins and their aunts," with more hairbreadth escapes wherewith to glorify themselves than if they went all over the world in search of adventures. They can do all this by going stockriding among the wild cattle on any of the numerous mountain runs in Tasmania. If they do not believe this assertion, let them go and talk for half an hour to an experienced old stockrider ; that is, if one can be found. An old stockrider is not easily found, for the very good reason they do not often live to be old, they generally get smashed in the fray. I'm not a stockrider, and so cannot give any but the faintest idea of the fierce excitement of this life, it needs to be seen to be properly described. Yet these men go every year, and never think of boasting of unusual skill or courage. 'Who's that in the leggings?' asks a passer by. 'Oh, that's one of Mr. Blank's stockriders," is the half contemptuous reply. As much as,to say — ' Anybody could be a stockrider, you know.' ' So perhaps any one might in some places, but not among the wild savage Tasmanian mountain cattle. It needs coolness, bravery, strength, skill, long practice, and splendid horsemanship. If you have not got all these, my sporting friend, you had better stop at home. But if not fond of horse exercise and still desirous of mountain life, there is the trappers' work on the mountains. Every year bands of experienced trappers go up the Tasmanian mountains and catch kangaroos, wallabies, opossums, cats, devils, and any other wild beasts they can find for the sake of the skins. The life is wild and interesting to those whose idea of sport is slaughter, and that is the average sportsman's idea ; but to catch a poor brute in a snare and then club it or shoot it as an amusement, is "one of those things no fellah can understand," unless he has the true slaughtering instinct. Leaving out the killing, altogether, a trip to the mountains with trappers would well repay those fond of natural history. Everything up in those mountains is so new, so unknown. These trappers, if intelligent and observant, as they often are, can give a surprising lot of information about many kinds of birds and animals which are quite unknown to any of the standard authors, who have written on the subject. The natural history of Tasmania! is still to be written, but unfortunately it is unlikely it ever will be written full, for the rare specimens are rapidly dying out. A cloud of dust rolled down the rising ground known as Hilltop, and a sound of masculine laughter was wafted along the road to Deloraine. It was the stock- riders and their horses on their way to their annual trip to the mountains. ' Hullo,' said Tom Raynor as he rode up the hill, "my word! what buttercups," and he sprang off his horse among a splendid bed of buttercups, and began gathering them. 'Buttercups !' exclaimed another stock- rider, a jolly fellow much too stout for his work. "I say, boys, come on and I'll shout all round, for good luck to the buttercups and the girl Tom Raynor'll 'leave behind him.,'' ' And they were soon all leaning down over their horses' necks taking five glasses of brandy and water of various strength. Each stockrider takes six horses to these mountain trip's besides the one he rides. As there are six stockriders they take over forty, horses, and never expect a|l the horses to live through all the dangers they are exposed to on the trip. While the men joked and laughed at at the public- house the horses trotted quietly on, led by a big bay horse, 'Old Boney,' who had taken the trip so often. He acted as leader, and knew exactly where he had to lead his mob. Old Boney was never required to do dangerous work, his life was too precious as a leader to be risked. 'I say, boys,' said a lantern-jawed young fellow called Dick, ' there's the Boss galloping off with his buttercups to his lady love, I'll bet drinks all round at Chudleigh that the boss will find old Murphy shepherding the pretty Lucy, for fear Tom Raynor might have a chance to bid her good-by alone.' They all laughed; it does not take much to set a lot of jolly young fellows laughing. 'That'll be the last, hotel we'll see for six weeks,' said gentleman Jimmy. ' so I'll take your bet for sake of the patriarch, but I believe I'll lose it.' ' 'Pon my word,' said Dick,' It I was Tom Raynor I'd hammer old Murphy. They say he watches that girl like a cat, and never, gives Tom a chance to say a word to her.' 'Here comes the boss and Jack Lacy already. I see them on the hill, just starting, and we'd better, move on,' said the stout man. 'By Jove, Jimmy, you've lost your bet, I see old Murphy and his old bay horse up there talking to Mrs. Lacy. "Come on, boys, the boss'll not be in the best of tempers! I'll gallop down and see old Bony don't take the Deloraine road," said Dick. As Jack Lacy rode up he got a good deakof "chaff," as colonials call it, such as 'Come to breakyour leg in the fray instead of breaking a lance in defence of your king and country?' from Gentleman Jimmy. The latter was a runaway from his home in England, and had joined these parties more for excitement than anything else. Jimmy, Lacy, and Raynor stopped looking down at lovely Deloraine, where the Deloraine, Latrobe, and Chudleigh roads diverge. ' I never pass this spot,' said Jack, 'without taking a look.' 'I think,' said Raynor, 'it is about the best view of Deloraine there is. Calstock looks fine from here.' ' See the shadows on the hills over there,' said Jimmy, 'each one a different shade. There's a cloud cap on Quamby Bluff too, and a little snow still left on the Tiers, and everything so green. Across the straits now, in Victoria and the other colonies, there's nothing green but the gum trees ; the grass is as brown as the dirty looking sheep upon them.' These three men kept together till they reached the Needles, as the junotion of the Harwood, Deloraine, and Chudleigh roads is called. Here a spring of clear cold water comes out of the rocks, and is caught in a wooden trough, put up by the sturdy old Patrick; who has already been immortalised by Anthony Trollope. As they watered their horses Raynor remarked :—'- There's something about this place always makes me shiver, or feel' as if I was in church at a funeral service, and ought not to talk.' 'I've often thought the same thing,' said Gentleman Jimmy, ' I believe this wild spot is as good an example as the whole world could give of the awful place this was before the Creator had finished his work, when it waa just one step more advanced than — ' And the world was void and without form.'' 'I say, Tom,' asked Jack, 'is'nt there some awful story about Brady the bushranger's dongs up among those rocks ? Did he not tie up one of his gang to that blackened stump yonder, then a tree, and shoot off all the poor wretch's fingers and toes one by one because he had doubts of his fidelity ?' 'I have heard the story but cannot be sure of its truth ; by the way, Jack, you know we sleep to-night in Lambert's hut, that place where Lambert smashed with an axe the skulls of a poor old man and woman, who gave the bloodthirsty maniac shelter.' ' Oh, I don't mind,' said Jack. ' Don't you,' said Raynor, dryly, ''then you'll be the first man who slept there the first night, who didn't mind ; we'll see.' Just then the other men, who were watering their horses at the Harwood water trough, gave a loud shout. On looking up, a kangaroo and her little joey were seen standing like statues on the top of the Needles Hill. The shout startled them, and they went hopping leisurely off. ' Fine practice for you Jack.' said Raynor. Taking the hint, Jack gave a shout and dashed off up the hill, followed by three others, all shouting, 'Yoh hoi ! Tally ho!''; As Raynor said, this was fine practice for a novice in stockriding. If my sporting reader, who longs for the excitement of a stockrider, cannot face a kangaroo hunt over the Needles Hill, he must stop at home with his mother. And yet to one unaccustomed to such work it looked like suicide, to see these men and horses careering over such a rocky, precipitous place. It must be borne in mind though that stockriding horses know their work, and are almost as sure-footed as a goat. It was amusing to see the interest the mob of loose horses took in the .chase. A war charger can feel the fierce excitement of battle as well as a man, and the stock horse has the same feeling. The whole mob came back, and -watched the chase with flashing eyes and restless feet ; they would even have joined the chase, but were kept back by Raynor and his two dogs, Brindle and Bob, of whom we will hear more later on. In about ten minutes the hunting party appeared at the top of the hill returning, and pointed to Jack Lacy to draw Raynor's and Gentleman Jimmy's attention. ' What's up ?' asked Raynor, as they got within shouting distance. ' O, hang it all,' said Jack, 'I've had a spill, that's all ; one would think these fellows never had a spill in their lives themselves.' ''My word !' shouted Billy Dumpling, who never spoke unless to laugh at the misfortunes of somebody else. ' My word, he did have a cropper, you ought to have seen the claret run out of his decanter.' 'But what about the kangaroo ?' asked Gentleman Jimmy. ' O ! dash the kangaroo,' said Jack. Billy Dumpling laughed his disagreeable laugh and said, ' O, we thought this fellow here waB killed, and stopped to take home the corpse, ' and left the kangaroo to look after himself. Jack rode up to the joey at full speed and tried to lift it on his saddle without stopping his horse ;' and Billy Dumpling laughed again. 'I've done the same thing many another time,' said Jack. 'Perhaps so,' said Raynor, kindly, 'but you see, Jack, that was on decently level ground ; you should have sprung off your horse and caught the joey as you touched the ground.' 'And lost my horse,' said Jack, sulkily, as he wiped the blood from his nose. .'.'?' 'No, you mustn't, you must fling your reins over your horse's head and on your arm as you jump off, arid catch the joey as you reach the ground.' ' That sounds rather too hard for an ordinary beggar like me.' ' Not bo hard aa it sounds when you've had a little practice, andit'aa trick we all have to learn ; we couldn't manage i,to rope the wild bullocks any other way, and we could'nt do anything at all with them if we couldn't rope them. I sup pose you fell on your head when you tried to catch the joey.' 'I did.' 'He did that,' aaid Billy Dumpling, 'and lay likda log, and Dick was so soared he screamed like a woman, ' Jaok's dead,' and we all stopped to oarry home the corpsfi.' And Billy laughed till the very dogs looked disgusted, and began growling at each other by way of showing their discontent. '. The whole cavalcade now moved on through the forest. This was once one of the choicest and. finest forests in Tasmania, perhaps tho finest ; it waB so thick it was almost as dark at midday as an Tndian jungle, and the small dark underwood almost as strong. The trees are all kinds, many of them magnificent specimens of forest giants, gum, blackwood, and tree ferns. The latter cannot be surpassed, but a saw-mill built in the ceDtre of the forest has now robbed it of half its' charms. Emerging from the forest thoChudleigh road runs through the Beritly hedge, a grand haw thorn hedge hemming in the road' in a, straight line for three , miles. j' .,,, i '1 never pass through thia I'Tane,' said! Gentleman Jimmy, .' without feeling a little home-sick. It reminds me of Eng land and her hawthorn lanes.' 'Never roind, my gentleman,' aaid Dick, 'a drop of the cratur will soon take away your home-sickness ; you know you have to shout all round here. There's the patriarch at the door already count ing the hories.' Gi fie; :-,i' With few exceptions Chudleigh people are like one big family, they are all 'merried through ither' : as the Scotch say. - 7 _:.-_? 'How d'ye idq|tirjboya,' said the patriarch. ' Come in,' come in, I'll shout. I mUBt, you see, 'cosl'vo just been made a great-grandfather, arid I'll rim any one of you boyB now a short race in Bpite of my three aoore years and ten.' And to emphasise his_ .words' the cheery old man gave a; hop, Bkjp, and jump, and then over -4k glass gaxft.thenj^ ,l,ong account' of ; the way he oarried Anthony,,Tro)lope through the ? Ohudleigh— cavesj-ending proudly with 'And he put me in his book he did, 'pon my word ho'clidi''iJ When the drinking and talking were done, the. party, had.to hurry onto over take the horses. Old Boney had gone on, looking for the usual canming place/ Lambert'B hut, which Raynor had before mentioned to Jack Lacy. It was a simple slab hut, with a coarse paling roof, situated.at the far end of Mole Greek ; a paddock near held the horses. ? Stock horBes always ' get their own living,' to use' a colonialism, that is get nothing' to eat but the grass. ;..: . It was a small hut, and the men had to ; unroll their opossum skins and lie^on; the floor after, supping on the' cpjdj meat and bread they brought with them, and drinking the tea they mde in the UBUal way in a tin billy or can'. All except Jaok Lacy were soon asleep, and after a time he too. fell asleep, but, awoke to listen'to.a sound that thrilled him. It was like a woman's shriek long drawn out and Dartly smothered. Hb listened ; it stopped, then rose again, then was smothered again. Jack got up on ? hia elbow and hoarsely whispered, 'I' say1 you fellows did-you here .that,' but as he spoke it died away again ; only Billy Dumpling answered him. ,.?','?'.. ' ' Oh, that' 8 nothing new, that'B only the ghost of the old woman whoBe skull Lambert cracked ; juat watch awhile and you'll see the old husband come in and look at you. There's stains of her blood under your head, but I'm going to sleep,' and Billy Dumpling turned over and snored. Jack knew the whole story, who in the district does not? But he did not relish the_ thought of sleeping over the blood stains of a murdered woman. Presently the sounds^ came again, this time more agonising' than before, and Jack's nerves became very unsteady. Billy Dumpling's words about the old woman's husband coming in to look for Mb wife and meet ing the same doom were not pleasant thoughts., Soon as the moon. worked round, leaving the cracked door in deeper gloom, a shadow seemed to Jack to take form and life and come through the clostd door, one arm was held out as if beckon ing. Then came the awful cries again, and the arm. waved furiously either in menace or warning. ? ' CHAPTER IV Jack could stand it no longer ; he grasped his clothes in one arm and his rug in the other, and ran outside, fol lowed by a sneering chuckle from Billy Dumpling. Jack breathed more freely outside,he dressed himself and lay down with his rug under a tree in front of the hut.- But still the cries went on till nearly daydawn, when a stiff breeze got up and seemed to sweep the cries away with one shriek louder than the others. Over the morning meal, Jack was well teased. 'I say, Raynor,' said Billy Dump ling, '"if Jack is as quick at roping wild bullocks as he was last night at clearing out of this here hut, he'll be a host in himself. ' "Clear out," echoed lantern-jawed Diok, "did he clear out? Where did you sleep, Jack? 'I slept, or rather I lay under that tree out there.' Dick nearly doubled himself up, he laughed so heartily. 'Oh, Lord! just fancy, slept under Lambert's gallows ! "Did you hear Lambert groan when he hung himself over your head?" asked Billy Dumpling. 'No ; but I'll swear I heard the screams of the poor old woman.' " Did you see anything? asked Dick, " Well Since you ask me, I did.' Crikey ! I am glad, I saw it too, so did Gentleman Jimmy here. Tisn't often that is seen, depends on the state of the morn, Jimmy says ; but the cries are al ways here. Whew ! didn't I get a fright the first night I slept here ? I went right up the chimney. 'Pon my word I did. Catch me facing the old ghost, not I. I don't mind a mad bullook, but I draw the line at ghosts, however nicely Gentleman Jimmy may explain them away:' 'And how do you explain them, Jmmy?' asked' Jack. 'Oh, it's all common sense, that tree you lay under, the one Lambert hanged himself on, has a branch sticking straight out; another tree near it has a branch that rubs against its neighbour branch and make those screams by friction, it's common enough everywhere in the bush, and it's the shadow of that same tree that falls across the door, and makes a nervous wakeful person imagine a ghost. Very few could sleep the first' night in such a lonely place, where such a brutal three fold tragedy took place, without feeling a little nervous. ' Where was the old man when Lambert killed him ? "Sitting in this same Jimmy Possum chair. Lambert came in with the axe, and finished the old man with one blow, then crashed in the head of the old woman, as she lay over there in her bunk, then went outside and hanged himself" Mole Creek scenery is wild and woody, but not especially interesting except to the rabbits, who skip across the road in numbers, get under the fallen tree, and peer, at the passer by, with a curiosity that shows their comfort is seldom interfered with. Further on the travelling became more arduous, the mob of horses required more attention to make them follow their leader up the steep path leading to Gad's Hill. The Needles Hill at the junction of the Deloraine, Harwood and Chudleigh roads is a fair sample of the kind leading to Gad's Hill bare, rough, rocky, mountainous. 'Raynor,' said: 'Jack, 'how the dickens can cattle live on such a stony, bare place as this ?' "Oh! it's not at all like this when you really get up the mountains, it is tolerably level and splendid grass country." "Must be awfully cold in winter." 'Yes, Mrs. Smith can tell you about that, she often has to shovel the snow away from the door pf her hut before she can get out. By George, here she is now." 'Where.' ' Yonder.' ' I only see two men.' ' Well, one of those men is a woman, and you'd better be particularly civil to her ; she's the only woman up here, or likely to be here, and she's Queen of Gad's Hill. 'The top of the morning to your majesty,' shouted Dick to two figures on horseback, carefully wending their way down-hill. ' Hold your tongue,' you grinning jackanapes,' said a shrill voice, 'or I'll make my horse put his foot in your mouth, it's plenty big enough. You made my horse stumble. How, d'ye do, Tom Raynor ? Welcome back again to my country. Who's this young fellow you've got here ?'' 'Jack Lacy. Mrs. Smith,' Jack." ' How are you, young cock?' said Mrs. Smith, cleverly bringing her horse within shaking hands distance. ' Hope we'll like each other.' ' Hope you'll like me, Mrs. Smith," said Jack, gallantly, mindful, of Raynor's advice. ' I'm sure to like you.' Mrs. Smith slapped her thigh and gave a great laugh. 'Pon my word, that's the nicest thing I've heard since my old man here was a courtin' of me. Look here, young fellow, you're a brick!" and she clapped him heavily on the shoulder. It was not surprising that Jack mistook her for a man, her features were masculine, her dress more so, a soft felt hat sat on the back of her head, she wore a long jacket, or short skirt of plaid and trousers of the same, sat cross- wiae on her horse, carried a big stockwhip tied round her like the men and was followed by two dogs and her husband. As for her husband who, with his wife and his dogs, spent the whole of his life up in this lonely mountain, little need be said of him ; his identity was merged in his wife's. He was generall known as 'Mrs. Smith's old man." Gad's Hill station or hut was the same style as Lambert's hut, except that it had partition allowing Mrs Smith and her husband a place apart. Next morning Raynor had them all astir for an early start. ' Is our queen going with us to- day, or is she going to stop at home and get us a fine hot supper,' asked Gentleman Jimmy, deferentially. 'O! I going with you, my old man 'll get the supper.' She turned and looked at Smith who gave a grunt that might mean anything. Soon as' the cattle saw or even smelt the party they dashed off in terror, and the stockriders put spurs to their horses and followed. These cattle see no one except for two months in the year when the stockriders come up, and the cattle are therefore quite unused to man. To surround the cattle is the first thing attempted, but there are always some ferocioud animals who will have none of this, and break from the mob charging everything. A huge bullock came full butt at Jack Lacy, but his horse was too quick and leaped aside. Raynor saw the animal escaping and ran his horse against it, knocking it down, hoping the fall would cow its spirit; but the beast sprang up more enraged still and ran straight at Raynor. "Pin him, Bob,' shouted Raynor to his dog. Bob caught the beast by the nose. ' Throw him,' he shouted to Bob. And as he spoke he gave one heavy cut on the bullock [?] made it leap [?] the dog still [?] nose gave a dextrous Jiifel?i\\*1h^^«l#]f heavily down [?] , it could not rise as it head was held down by the dog, while Raynor continued to beat out of it all spirit for a fight. When he gave the order 'Loose him, Bob,' and the bullock was allowed to get up, it was quiet and inoffensive. Another intractable bullock fell to Jimmy the Gentleman's share at the same time Raynor was engaged; none of the dogs were in attendance on him at the moment. Side by side Jimmy raced with the bullock, many times it tried to get a short distance between them, with the evident intention to gore the horse. The animal would go anywhere but in the direction intended. Thus, side by side the three, horse, man, and bullock raced out of sight. Half an hour afterwards Jimmy returned without his bullock. 'Ah!' said Jack to Raynor, ' Jimmy's lost his bullock. ''Oh, he mightn't. What did you do with him, Jimmy?' 'Ted the beggar up down there ; a twenty-four hours' rest will do him good.' 'How do you manage that tying up business, Jimmy, I don't understand, ' asked Jack. 'Oh, it's all practice, and quickness of foot and hand. If you feel your horse flagging and your beast is not giving in, you throw a noose over his horns, lasso him like the Mexicans do. When you are near a handy, tree, spring off your horse throw your rope round the tree ; while your prize is trying to free his head you fasten your rope, mount your horse and get out of the way, and be quick about it. When the animal finds himself really a prisoner he'll be mad with wickedness, and will make mince-meat of you and your horse in no time.' ' What's to hinder my horse from bolting when 1 get off to tie up the beast?' 'Well, an old stock horse will stand alone, but you should throw the reins over your horse's head and on your arm unless you're sure of him, as you leap to the ground.' Over the fire in the evening there were told endless stories of fierce bullocks and mad cows. 'Do you remember, Dick,' said Mrs. Smith, as she smoked her pipe, 'that there bullock, that got away from you three years ago? By jingo, that was a brute!' ' What-was that, Mrs.Smith ?' asked Jack Lacy. ' Well, that there bullock got the upper hand of Dick here, and chased him for his life for near a mile. Next day I said I'd tackle the brute, so I went out with my dog and all my fixings, and I put on my old man's shirt and trousers for fear the red in mine would madden the beast.' 'I'd like to know when she didn't wear the breeches,' said her lord and master in a half laughing, half sneering tone. 'Hold your gab,' said his lady, and went on with her story. ' Well, soon as that there beast saw me, he just stood up and never stirred, 'cept to paw the ground and shake his head. Says I to my dog, says I, 'pin him.' Beauty made a dashat his nose, but the buillock made a dash at me the same instant, so Beauty missed him. The horse and me got out of the way just in time, and 1 gave him some jolly good blows with my stockwhip. Beauty tried again to pin him, but the beast caught her and ripped her up awful. I laid on well with my stockwhip till at last the thing turned to run, but of course not the way I wanted it, so I threw my rope but I missed the head and caught the legs. The brute fell, smashed one leg and hurt another. As it fell game to the last it made a rush at my horse, and l ripped it clean through the belly; that put, my blood up. ' Says I, you're;better dead than alive,-so I up and ran the dirk of my jack knife at the top of his head, and carried home his steaks for supper.' Six weeks of this work and talk brought the stockriding season to a close; the branding, and drafting, and cutting out, and all other duties were nearly finished, Jack who was a good horseman had done good service, and was anxious further to distinguish himself. Stockriders take the same fierce pleasure in their work, that a soldier does in his, and dogs and horses share the feeling. These cattle dogs are immense creatures as big as young calves, with ugly wiry hair and no tails. An old stockrider will go into a herd of the fiercest cattle either on foot or on horseback, with one of these trained dogs on either side, and feel perfectly safe. Five hundred head of cattle were now ready to be taken down to the lowlands ready for market. ' I say, Raynor,' said Jack Lacy, 'I'm going to have a try at that black bullock that's got a way so often.' 'All right, my boy, he's over there somewhere, but be careful. Jack soon found the black bullock and had a long chase. When he caught up to it he roped it just as the beaat turned on him, tied it up and mounted his horse in half the time it takes to tell it; but suddenly his horse staggered, reared, and fell back dead on poor Jack, the bullock had gored it fatally. (To be continued.) 