FICTION. .:o: from EuRltib, Amerlcnn, tmd othtrlPerlodlcnls* THE SECRET "CHAMBERS. CHAPTER XLII. MR. RICH HT.ARS A STRANGE STORY. Mr. Carlton Rich kept on with his improvements at Clitheroo. In a few weeks from the time in -which he took possession the west wing was levelled and the ghostly collars were filled up, even to the subterranean passage leading to the monument. " I'll put all the ghosts under a thousand tons of gravel," said Mr. Rich ito his wife, "and if they can rise thiough that, then I shall know that they arc spirits. But until I see see 'em coming up through, I shall think they're nothing but flesh and blood, though pretty confounded slippery." That night, while Mr. Rich was smoking liis pipe in the vicinity of the Wishing Well, debating the propriety of having that romantic locality included in his plan of improvements, a light step squnded on the turf at his side, and a cold hand was laid upon his. Mr. Rich started, and turned towards the appari- tion. He saw just what he expected to see. The tall, shadowy form of the woman with the silvery white hair and the livid sear across her pallid throat. The wild dark eyes searched his face with a look of anxious enquiry, and she bent low to whisper in his ear. " Are you one of them ? Did you help them do it ?" "Well, now," said Mr. Carleton Rich, rising and standing beside her, and holding her by the arm, resolved that this time she should not escape him until he had fathomed the mystery : " I don't think I know w> at you mean, my dear. If you mean to ask me if I was one of the coiners, I am happy to tell you no ; I certainly was not." She wrung her white hands heliilessly together. " Not that, not that !" she cried, glancing un- easily over her shoulder. " It is farther back. Oh, years and years ago. Before I was so sick and ill here," and she put her hand to her foi ehead, " Jefore I had such hard work to remember. Everything goes from me now. I cannot hold it. It is like a picture across which the artist has drawn his brush and obliterated the figures. It is .di'there, but it is confused and uncertain." " Think it out, my dear," said Sir. Rich, " take time, and think it out." "T wish I could have the time to think. I wish. I could see things clearly. Oh, it was horrible ! ' horrible! horrible! L,sceiB to see it now. . Take me away from it. It burns my brain." She struggled violently to free herself from Mr. Rich's detaining grasp, but he held her fast. Finally hör strength seemed to fail her, and she sank, panting and exhausted, on the gronnd at his feet. Mr. Rich vv.ií-a kind-hearted man, and he soothed the terrified woman with gentleness and feeling. " There sow, my dear, don't get excited again. It isn't pood for you. Try 'to think what it is you want to tell me. Or, see Mrs. Rich-she's a sensi'jie woman, and she'd know better how to talk i to roll." The woman rose and went towards the Wishing Well, Rich still holding her arm, followed were she led. She passed the well, and stepped into the underguowth by the side of the path. " It was here," she said, " right here. And the .moon looked out of the watery clouds, and showed me plainly his dark and evil face. Dark and evil as it was- as-it has always been. Oh, Charlie! Charlie! how I, hear still the cruel blow that dabbled your bright hair in blood, and made the cold shadows of death creep over your face. Oh, Charlie! Charlie! Charlie." Her tone was so full of tragic agony that Mr. Cai-leton Rich shiveied in spite of himself, and ?wished ho was safe back in the cosy roonï ' he had fitted up for a sittiug-room, back of the magnificent parlors in the great house. Duse take the woman," he muttured, " she's crazy as a loon." *' Crazy ? yes that's what they call me" said she. " I've heard it often.. What makes me crazy ? Shall I tell you what makes me crazy ?" She drew closer to Rich, and looked apprehen- sively around her as she spoke. " Yes my dear, I should like to know." " You are sure there is nobody near ? Nobody to hear us, and tell Peter ? Peter watches me as a cat watches a mouse. He is paid for it. I have seen the yellow gold counted out." " No," said Rich soothingly. " Peter is nowhere around. Go on." The woman settled back against the stone wall -which surrounded the Wishing Well, and spoke in a low, monotonous tone, with her eyes fixed on vacancy like a sleep-walker. "It was a very long time ago. A very long time. I mnst have been young. My hair was brown then, now it is so white and ghostly." Sho diew a long silvery tress contemplatively through her fingers, and looked at Rich inquiringly. She had evidently lost the thread of what she was going (;o say. ' " It was a very long time ago," said Mr. Rich encouragingly prompting her. " Yes, it was a very long time ago, and it was in a strange, wild country. A country where snow- capped mountains lost their peaks in the clouds, a country where it was always summer, and where shores were washed by seas soft, and warm, and golden. We were very happy then, Charlie and I, and we used to go and sit on the warm sands, through the twilights, and watch the amber tints go out of the western sky, and feel the cool breeze as it swept down from the mountains." "It's just like poetry," said Rich, with appro- bation. " Go on." " Ho came to visit the country, and look after the gold mines. Oh, the mountain streams were full of gold, yellow and bright, and men sell their souls for gold, you know." " Yes," said Mr. Rich, wondering if he should have struck a better streak of luck if he had gone into gold mining instead of bitters making. " He was Charlie's friend, at least he professed to be, and he loved me, so he said. I was pretty thon, at least they said so. Peter says so quite often when I ask him about it." " No doubt Peter is right," said Mr. Rich. "He wanted to marry me. I think I liked him, but I cannot seem to remember. Everything in that longago time is misty and dark. Did you know him ? Did you know that he could be an angel or a devil, as he pleased ? Did you know that he ought to have lived in Satan's dominion, and been Satan's prime minister ? Did you know it." She had grasped Rich's arm in her fierce clutch, and her eyes had grown wild, and her breath came in quick, hot gasps. " Oh, yes, yes, of course I know him ! Yes, yes, to be sure!" replied Rich, fearing to excite her by contradiction. " I am glad you did. Then you will be the more likely to believe my story. You will not call it the silly drivelings of a maniac. Charlie consented. He wanted me to be Trowbridge's wife ; lie-" " Trowbridge ?" cried Rich, in astonishment". Albert Trowbridge - is it of him you are speaking ?" " It is of him. You said you knew hiin. Have you dared to lie to me ? Have you ? See here ?" She drew from her bosom a small pistol and pointed it at Mr. Rich's head. " If you have lied I will kill you." " No, no ; of course I told the truth. Oh, yes, I knew Trowbridge well. He was murdered and found in the Wishing Well-murdered on the very spot perhaps, where we are now sitting." " Ha, ha !" laughed the woman ; and they found him in the well ; and the night before his wedding too. Ha, ha, ha !" She wrenched her hand away from Rich and danced in wild glee on the stone paving ¡ then her mad spirits seemed to forsake her, and she sank down again in lier old place. " I married him. They said we loved each other. They said that we were devoted to each other. He had a wonderful influence over me ; he could make mo follow him like a dog ; he could force my will to obey him m whatever he chose. I signed papers which took from me all control over the fortune which was mine which was mine, for Charlie and I were equal heirs to our father's vast property. My husband gambled and speculated, and he had a friend. Did you know Jack Belford, too ?" " Oh, yes, yes-to be sure !" said Mr. Rich, be- ginning to feel that the plot was thickening, and believing that the woman, maniac though she might be, was not without method in her madness. " Belford was worse than he was. I wish I could meet him. I would send him after the other. Two such intimate friends ought not to be separated. I shall aln-ays think that Belford put him up to it. My bi .-»fcher was influenced to make a will in my husband's favour. I can't tell you the particulars -my head whirls so. Did you ever feel as if there iras a buzz saw in your head, that is how I feel. Oh, it is terrible ! terrible !" And she clasped her head with her hands. By and by she went on : " I can see the room now. It was at the back of the house. The windows reached the ground. The flaming blossoms of the cactus covered the piazza; the stately palm trees threw their shadows over the marble floor. A soft, warm breeze-I can feel it now-lifted» the lace curtains and stirred the oleanders in the tall vases. I can see it now. Look, it ÍB yonder, just where the sky shows through the two tall trees. Hist do you see the picture ?" She pointed straight ahead into the shadows, and Mr. Rich, with the cold chills running down his back, had to make her believe that he saw the vision of which she spoke. " Charlie is takirug a siesta. Look closely. You will see him on the velvet divan there by the win- dow, his eoft hair falling over his forehead, one hand, on which he wears a bloodstone ring, rests on the marble floor, and holds a rose-and I have hated roses ever since. I stand in an outer room and look at him. I think how good he is, how handsome and how brave. My bonnie, bonnie Charlie. A dark shadow falls over the window. Yes there are two of thom. See-see how they creep noiselessly in. How they stand and look at him those two fiends in human shape. The one is dark and handsome, and the other has greenish eyes and red-brown hair. A glittering knife is in the hand of the green-eyed man, and while the dark fiend holds my brother down the other plunges the knife to the hilt into his breast. To the.hilt, do you hear ?" she cried, fiercely, again seizing Rich by the arm and glaring at lum with wild eyes ; and the blood spuits to the ceiling and flecks the marble floor with crimson. And when Charlie would have started up, the dark, handsome man strikes him on the head with a brazen vase, and he lies still-so very still. Do you know what it is to stand beside a murdered man and see him lie still ?" She paused and passed her hands wearily over her forehead. She tiembled and shook like an aspen tree, and her voice was hoarse and broken as she went on : Then they saw me. Never shall I forget the look that was on their faces. They came toward me. I fell down on the body of my brother, and laid my face against his. They snatched me up. I do not know what they said ; I cannot remember-it is so long ago. But the green-eyed man said, ' She shall tell no tales !" and then I felt something cold here" -she touched the sear on her throat-" and then I knew no more. " Afterward, when I got up from a long, long I sickness, I was in another country, where snow covered the ground, and ice was on the trees, and there were neither birds nor flowers. The green eyed man I never saw, but my husband was there, and Peter-do you knov Peter ? He has been very good to me. They told me I was crazy, and they said that I was never to see anyone, and that by and by I would die. I was too weak to care ; as it is I can barely remember those things-there ^ nothing very distinct about it. After a time they took me oma long journey, and I came here. I have been here so long ! My husband came to see me sometimes, but he was always cold and distant, and did not trust himself too near me. And I tell you," she hissed in Rich's ear, " that was where he waa wise ! For;I would have Mllod hiin ! Day and night I longed to seo his blood spurt out of his heart against the ceiling, just as Charlie's did; day and night I longed to stand beside him and see him Ho still, just as Charlie had lain !" There was the sound of hurried feet through the underbush, and an old man appeared who at onco rushed to the side of the maniac and grasped her arm. » "Como with mo, Agnes," said tho old man. Come quick ! I ought not to have left you for a moment." " Stop, my good friend," said Mr. Rich ; " this lady has boon telling rae .1 rather queer story." I " No doubt of it, sir-not the slightest," said the old man, doffing his hat to the new land otvner. " She is full of queer stories, poor lady-a good deal off here," and he touched his forehead. " But look here !" persisted Mr. Rich ; " it seems to me that this is a case which should be looked into. This woman used to haunt the west wing of Clitheroe, which I have had pulled down, and from what we discovered in demolishing the place, I should say she had lived there. It ought to be investigated. And I'll do it, by Jove ! or I'll cat my head !" ¿ This terrible threat seemed to horrify the poor old man. He seized Mr. Eich by the arm, and cried imploringly : " Oh, please, don't do anything of the kind don't, sir !" My poor mistress has been unfortu- nate, and her mind is gone, and I try to take care of her. I do it the best way I can." " Who pays you for taking care of her ?" " She has money of her own, sir-a little, sir. It don't take much to keep us." " But what does Bhe mean by all this story about having been Albert Trowbridge's wife. ' The old matv.started back, with a cry of dismay, I and his whithered old hands fumbled helplessly in the pockets of his coat, as though ho hoped to find some reasonable evidence there. "I-that is-there is no accounting for the fancies of crazy folks ! Don't you know that they are full of cranky turns ? My mistress is like the rest." " Your mistress can tell a straight story, though -and I believe she has told the truth about the murder of her brother, and the sear on her throat, and-" "Come away!" cried the old man, trembling, I " come away !" and seizing the woman by the arm ho forced her into the shrubbery, and in the dark- ness, before Mr. Rich could find his way through the underbrush, with which he was entirely un- familiar, the twain had lost themselves to his sight and hearing. Perspiring and very much blown generally, after having tramped over several acres of brushwood, Mr. Rich came out of the woods, and leaned against the curbstone of the Wishing Well, while he wiped his damp forehead. " I'll eat my head ;" he remarked, " if this dosen't beat all creation ! I wish 'Lizy Ann had heard her talk. And as to what I ought to do, I ain't clear. But I'll lay the whole thing before 'Lizy Ann." 