THE QUEEN'S HIGHWAY IX.—FROM QUEBEC TO THE ATLANTIC. The intercolonial express leaves Point Levis for the Atlantic seaboard daily (Sundays ex-<*> cepted) at 8 a.m., and arrives at Halifax at 3.10 the next morning, taking 25 hours and 10 9.10 the next morciug, taking 25 hours and 10 minutes to get over the distance of 678 miles. Between .the St Lavrence.and the sea there are no less than 100 Stations, mostly places of call for even the so call** " express." The intercolonial railway is Dominion property, and is worked by Government officials. As a strategical line it is of vital importance to Canada, and as a passenger line—Although it lack? many of the essentials peculiar to the mote progressive portion of the Qaeen's high way—the Canadian Pacific—it rune through much that is scenicaUy and historically inte resting. Its course isj most roundabout; but it had to be so constructed, firstly in order to keep entirely within Canadian territory, and secondly in order to take in the various settle ments en route. A glance at the map will show.how Canada has been robbed by the United States of her natural boundary, and how, through the State of Maine cutting into New Brunswick and Quebec provinces, it is impossible to make£a straight cut for the sea. I daresay none but a French Canadian would be content with the miserable pittance that some of the farming settlements yield, but many of the river-valleys — especially tbe valley cf the St. Charles—are, however, ex ceptionally fertile, and contain prosperous faims, which have been in the thrifty families who own them for generations, A French-Canadian clings to the soil on which be is born with a tenacity as great as that of your Irish peasant or a Scotch crofter, and it is next to an impossibility to make him see the imperativeness of emigration, although the original holding may have been so divided and subdivided amongst the different mem bers of the family until the plot of land out of which be is to make his living may not be bigger than a moderate-sized pocket handkerchief. The whole of the country between Quebec and the Metapidite is the land of the Kanneks; and until Rimouaki is left behind the land of " let habitants de la Nouvelle France," as they onoe proudly termed themselves, alone is visible. Bunouski is 182 miles bom Point Levis, and tbe line runs thus far along the shore of the St. Lawrence. This is the point where passengers and mails from Kurope are landed in summer. From the time one leaves Montreal, whether by tbe north shore via Quebec or the Grand Trunk via Point Levis, until Bimouski is reached, one will be constantly reminded that he is in Saintland; for there is scarcely a station whtch,u not named after some popular saint or other. At St. Anne, 73 miles from Quebec, there is acoaveat of grey nuns, and a ooliege whioh will ac commodate SCO students. Six miles beyond St. Anne is Biviete Onellfi, where, in the days long since past a tragedy was enacted, the memories of whioh have been preserved by the Abbe CaEgrain is his story "La Song lease." The memoirs of| the early fioman Catholic missionaries iwM of romantic and nT^ting jpfii>i?pfr? an/j the Canadian Govern moit h— Him?Sl Ml |iMl?lMKfl ?n.m rj thflTTI Every inch of the country through which we are now passing v historic ground, and many authentic records have been retained of the rtiWiiii^g events which uccuiied prior to the British conquest and occupation. Some of these records are replete with wild legends handed down by tbe Indians. Tbe legend associated with V/let au Mtmere at Bic, beautiful Bio, is worth retelling. Many years ago, long before the pale-faoe came in his ships from over, the sea—for it happened long before tbe arrival of Jacques Oarber, to whom tbe legend was told by Doonaoona, the Algonquin chief—a band of Mic maca, conMHting of 200 men, women, and children, punned by a party of tbe terrible Iroquois, took refuga in a cave on the island opposite Bic where they were ultimately discovered by the enemy, who themselves unable to dislodge thnm by any other means burnt them out. AH wen massaged with the exception of five braves, who had previously made good their escape. These fugitives solicited and obtained the help of a friendly tribe of Malacites, and to gttber they secretly followed the trail of tie retiring Iroquois, whose canoes and provisktDb they first removed. It was a long march from tins spot to the land of the Izcquou, and the retreating warriors not only found their numbers daily diminished by mutt v hands, but they were threatened by famine, game being scarce, fiy the time they had reached the open woods, near what is now c&iltd; Trois Pistoles Biver, their nuuibai had ahiutk to 27, and discouraged and weakened by hungrr they made but a feeble re ti?tacce, when tae yells of their fees burst upon their ears. All were killed with the exception of xii, and these wen divided amongst tbe allies. The Malacites took their three to their village at Madawaska, and history does sot say what became of them. One of the three claimed by the Micmaoa waa l?it to death by the allies in the presence of the other five; and *?>i?*iMff adieu to tin Malacitev, tbe Micmaes. with the two remain utg prisoners, retraced their stops to Bic Tbe unfortunate prisoners were then tied with their faces to the island on which the massacre had occnired. and put to death with all tbeoubtle tortures that Indian savagery could dtviw. With their butchery the five &Jifznacs; west their way, never more to return to tbe ocifrhborhood ; bat the ghosts of their slaughtered brethren remained behind, and although their death, it will be ?eon, wa* amply avenged, they, ?o tradition says, never failed on the annivetsary of their mssssi in to assemble on the island, wringing their hand* in the agony of despair, and making the jagged tucks nsoutd with their piercing srafls. Tbe soenery up to Bic is graceful and very plt-a?irg to the eye, but, to be candid, it is ,by Doineana grand. On the opposite ahon of tbe St. Lawrence there is, however, mnoh soenery that is tmty grand. At Riviere dn I?up, UO miles from Quebec, the passenger can take a boat for Murray Bay and the far-famed Saguenay. Who lias not heard of the Sagueaay, that river which early ex plorers thought ltd to the nethermost pit ? For downright gloomy awf nines* commend me to tiiia river, and a* tbe boat glides over the black fatbomJeu water between the chasms rent by angry nature in the frowning cbeerleu rocks one finds it difficult to overcome the first feeiinfr of awe that the coaoe create*. With the tall of night and with all the bright ness gone out of the tkiea, the surrounding! assume an even icure fearful aspect. From out of the inky darkness strange devilish farms seem to issue and flit in threatening attitudes before you, wbiUt from out of the depths of the im peneuable caverns there, in accordance with your fancy, come the despairing moans of aoula lost in eadlecs torture. The early settlers were in constant fear of evQ spirits, and rivers of holy water mutt have been sprinklad by the pious priests in their endeavor* to erorciee them. The first church in all Canada was built at the mouth of this most demoniacal river, and the ruins of which are _ visible to this day. The Saguenay is navigable only as far as Chicontini, a place about 66 miles from its mouth. Beyond tin* ?tratcfaes far ?way to James Bay a wild, desolate laud, the home of the beaver, the marten, and themuak rat At various points on the railway there are several much frequented summer resorts, the principal of which are Bic, Riviere dv Xxnip, and Coeonna (tibe Saratoga of Canada). Toe country adjacent to the railway is intersected with navigable waterways, and by m>irfng portages from the headwaters .of one river to annthw a man can go hundreds of miles in a canoe. As tbe train passes onward* one catches glimpses of the typical K??in??lf villages, steeped in an old world quietness, and there is no change in the aspect of these eetttements until Metis is reached, where for tbe first time since leaving Quebec tbe laadof the Anglo-Saxon is visible. Here the traveller finds himself in a region where he can hope to make himself understood, for in the landof tbeKannekthisienextto impossible. The language and customs of " lea habitants" will be found veryforeign to tbe traveller just from theFacWesb Ist their land he will, in the more isolated spots, find considerable difficulty in making even his jrimr>i??* wants understood, for just as he fails to iinilnislaiiil their French they will be found ignorant of his BngHsh. "Les habitants" are French in all their thoughts and in all their habits,, and they have an un changing love for tbur language and a pro found veneration for their religion. They are for the most part simple and Godteariae, leading peaceful moral lives, untroubled either by scepticism or ambition. They seldom travel, indeed many of them scarcely go beyond their chimney's smoke, each family providing for its simple habits and few wants with the production of its own fields and noslcs. They are to all intents and pmpuaee in the eeventeenth century, and in adhering to the habits of their forefathers they for the most part shun everything that appertains to a nineteenth century progress; and although it may knock at their very doors they remain deaf to its demands. Moored to the anchor of prejudice Quebec province bat stood on her old ways, whilst the other provinces round about her have pro gressed and waxed rich, leaving her behindhand in these very things to which she originally gave the cue. The French fTanp*l'"'. although vrvadou? by nature, is after all a merecreatore of routine and a slave of prejudice ; he has all tne Turk's hatred of being hurried; and whilst tbe ffastnm makes signs behind Ms back to ward bfi the evil eye when you talk about inno vations, be crosses himself at rhesight of every thine new, and prays the parish priest to protect him from such heresies. The primitive methods of husbandry in vogue two or three hundred yean ago are those mostly adopted by the French Canadiaim, who favor nothing of to-day. Tbe agricultural implements in use aie made ia form and of -f *nrial oftem ineffective and invariably inconvenient. The peasant scratches tne earth with a plough modelled after those wbumo. fee the. bus of Louis Quatorze, wad beats oat his corn miter the fashion of the ancient Greeks. Modern inventions in this direction are, of course, things to be shunned, and X question if a French Canadian peasant's misgivings about using any one of them oonld beovereomebefore* it had been plentifully besprinkled with holy water. Thepne?ts,needlesatoBay,haveanextra oidtnaiy inflnenee over "leshabitantB. M Those priests&rewta;'utbthepastorsoftheirpeople.aud look with a keen eve after Che spiritual well being of their flocks, bat, as with the early Jesuit missionaries, their primary object is directed towards teaching the said flock that they bare son!* to Joee in the ; next world, whilst progression in taifl world hat no place in their teachings, xnecnr^ is always a nan of intelli gence and often of refinement, and whenever yon come across him in this land of "la Nou- . velle France" yon will invariably find him most I courteous and obliging. He is a little pre judiced and old fashioned, it is true, but he is j passionately attached to the land of his birth, and is exceedingly jealius of the ancient rights of bis countrymen. He believes firmly in Satanic agency, and ia honestly impressed with the idea that he is ! serving God's will by resisting change, which to him strongly savours of tbe world, the flesh, and the devil. He will tell you that j his people are happy in tie ambitionless, un progressive lives they lead, and that they desire nothing better than to be left alone in this restful simplicity. It is a picturesque quarter of America, this land of tbe French Canadians, and, in its touches of old-worldism and relics for romantic past meeting you at every step, is altogether different from all other parts of the Hew World. Certainly bo traveller over the "Queen's Highway" with time at his disposal should hesitate to break bis journey at some of the chief points of interest. But I must warn nun that outside of the larger centres the hotel accommodation is anything but good; as a matter of fact it is often than otherwise villainously bad. First, as to the cuisine there is very little variety, and the cooking is extremely primitive, rough, and horribly greasy. So creasy is the soup that the question which invariably exercises a person of a mathematical torn of mind ia bow many "dips" does each basin contain? But healthful exercise in the open air gives one an extraordinary appetite, and the traveller frequently finds him'Hd( eating in a wayside Kannuk hostelry food which he would undoubtedly turn from with loath ing if placed before him elsewhere. Verily it is well that the traveller can live most of his time in the opes air, for he would cer tainly find but scant comfort inside tbe inn, which ia generally as dirty and as insect-infested as any Spanish venta. I have had a considerable experience ol the tribes whose nocturnal raids tend to make life in a venta potada, or even * Gat-dais fonda. absolutely unbearable: but I frankly umfiii that even a Spanish chinch^" sfaengtbened and made arrogant as he often is with die bine blood of generations of grandees of the first clan, takes aeeond plaoe—in fact a back seat entirely—when compared with a full aovted ladybird <rf the mom nmme. Hntotr fails to Mlv which of the eady explorers it was who brought these pests over from Fiance, but wnoever it was baa undoubtedly mock to answer for. Withapacket of Keating in one's trunk one can practically defy the various tribes of small red deer which leap and bound with tmaffactod joy imme diately a well-fed stranger enters bis bed room: bat a Kanimk punaite ia said to be partial to insect powder, taking it as a tonic. Having no regular larder—for travellers are not numerous—she ever possesses a temarkably keen appetite, and with an avidity which knows no control abe almost before yon have bad time to ?ay your prayers and to blow out the light commences to forage for her supper. After lea vine BimowsJri the St. Lawrence is gradually lost of, and on entering the lfeta pediae Valley one leaves behind for once and all "les habitants de la Noave?e France" sad their ways. At Little Metis, 309 miles from Point Levi?, and 27 frou Bubowairi, there v a colony of Scotch descent, originally estab lianed by a Mr. MeMoir, the seigneur of Metu, who some five and seventy yean ago located several hundred men, women, and chfldrra brought from Soot land in various parts of the saigneary. The venture was successful, and Metis is now a flemishing fanning district. Excellent tahnoo fishing can be had in both the Little and Great Metis riven. The scenery along tbe valley of the Meta pediae, through which tbe train now winds its way, is a?Eoogst the most beautiful in Eastern America. In aig?tynn parlance Jflsta pediae means "mmeraf waters," and there is certainly luniiic in the wateta as it dashes and f platbee in its shallow bed. resting awhile ia it* song as it slides silently into the deep pools, the haunts of the salmon. At tbe viuage of Metaptdiae the river, which twists and bends in many shapes, effects a junction with the Rcsbxo?cbe, another famous salmon river, and they both discharge into tiie Bate dcs Chilean. Tbe Bestigoache forms a part of the northern boundary of the province of New Brunswick, and it and its tributaries drain a land which is for the chief part a wilderness of mountains and valleys unexplored by man. The fiesti gooche has a mo?t eccentric course, *"?I""C wild bends at all kinds of angles from its source toiUmonth. The Indian* inconsequence called it" the river that divides like a hand," a -very stiikmg simile. On crossing the river the tram ia in New Brunswick, and it halts at CancpbeUtown. 305 anile* from Quebec From this growing town which is most advan tageously situated both as a bead of navigation and a railway centre—one can take a steamer for tbe historic land of Gaspe, and from Gasp* iteeU to that bland desert Anticorti. CVrpbdl town is in the midst of m?nn^ n scenery, and from the top of the much-vaunted Sugar-loaf a magnificent view can be had. Below lies the Bate dei Cbaleurs, that haven of rest in which Jacques Cartier daring the memorable voyage of 1654 cast anchor after exploring the coasts of Labrador and Newfoundland, to which, in older to commemorate the grateful warmth experienced therein after the colds of the mom northern latitudes, he gave it the name it still bears. To tbe north rise the dark Gaspe mountains and that distant headland on which 382 years ago Jacques Gartier erected, iv the came of bis king, tbe huge cross bearing the lilies of Fiance. Brfure Jacques Cartier's days the bay was celebrated for its nth. and the Indians called it " Kcketeean Ketnaaehi" ("tbe Sea of Fish.") Now it is famous for its posseseion of a phantom light; and jnat a* no Sydney man, oalass dumb (and even, I think, he would endeavor to expreu himself to the stranger by meani of signs) will omit to ask yon what yon think of "our hatbor,"or as a Luboner refrain from I-esteriug you as to your ideas about "our climate," you will for a certainty, be asked by every Bay of Chaleurs man you come across your opinion of "our phantom light." This phantom light is comparatively a modern institution, it being about 75 years ago that it find pat in an appearance. (It hat no place in either Indian legend or priestly record) on, it is said, the oonasion of a band of pirates being wrecked on the coast. Those pirates, it ia affirmed, had murdered the captain and crew of a vessel outside the bay, and on endeavoring to reach the shore had been lost, their destruc tion being announced by the sudden appearance of the light aforesaid. This is all very well, but having accomplished its purpose what business has the light to keep on reappearing, especially ia the deadly winter and above the ice, as i am cold it on one oocaaion actually did. It has never been my good fortune to tee this light, although I have waited and watched for it until all my belief in its reality baa grown cold. The railway rune along the shore of the bay through many highly cultivated farms for a eooaideishle distance, but by the time Bathuret (when the bay is left behind) is reached night has fallen. The Mirmiinhi. the liver of toe "happy retreat," and all the beautiful country round about, axe passed in the darkness, and the morn has not yet broken when Moncton, tne head-quarters of the intercolonial system, is reached. Moncton, beyond being a railway eenbe, possesses very few attractions. It is a growing place it is tiue, but like all growing things looks scraggy and weedy. I should, however, in justice, sad that like all places in the New World, Moncton is not without its "lion." This "lion " is, however, to my mind, a distinct fraud. It consists of a tide, whioh I was led to understand frequently came in with a bore of ISO feet, it had either played itself out through: these prodigious exertions of the past, or it bad grown tired of the show busi?6BB and desired a test, for when I saw it the rise was less titan 6 feet. 1 should ad vise the contractor to withdraw tbe tide as an attraction, otherwise tile town may get a bad name through its inability to cany out its programme. From Monctos there is a line tout John, the maritime tityof New Brans wick, and from thence to Fredericktown, its capital. At Painsec, eight miles below MonctoD, the passenger changes cars for Shediac and Point duJChene. from which latter place there is, in the Bummer, a daily boat service to Prince Edward Island, If the pateenger is in a hurry and does not step off at Moncton and journey by the midday train he will pass through An Lac, with its historic memories, whilst die darkness is over the land, and will miss seeing the ruins of Fort BeauuS jour, that stronghold where France made her last desperate struggle for the retention of Aeadia. Beautejour was captured by Cnlocel Moncton in June, 1755. After leaving Amhern, a town 49 miles from Moncton, the vast coalfields of Nova Scotia are entered upon. At Truro, 62 miles from Halifax, there is a branch line to Picton (whence the boats depart to Prune Edward Island) and New Glasgow, where the traveller branches off via Mulgrave for that land of wild beauties—Gape Breton Island. At Windsor junction, H miles from HVHy^ there ia a railway cutting right into the heart of Acadia,tbs camantio laadof Bvaagdawa. this land ofbeaoty aad romance, whare atmoat every inch is historic ground. Tiurty-fire minutes after leaving Windsor the express ar rives at Halifax, the Atlantic terminus. 