HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13. PROCLAMATION. The House met at 2 o clock. The GLEBE read the usual proclamation. EXHIBITION ANNEXES. Mr. CAST1NE-Will the Government prior to the closing of this session inform the House whether they intend to purchase any of the Exhibition annexes ? The Hon. T. PiAVFOEB-All I know about the matter is that it has been brought under the attention of the Government, but we have not come to any decision, and are not likely to for some little time. SALE OF RAILWAY TICKETS. Mr. HORN-Has attention been direated to the number of advertisements in the daily papers offering railway tickets for sale, and does the Commissioner of Public Works connect those advertisements in any way with the issue of tickets to the nnj employed ? The Hon. A. CATT-I have seen the advertisements, but have not in any way connected them with the issue of tickets to the unemployed. THE BIRD-IN-HAND COMPANY. Mr. COLES, to Mr. MotjLE-The Govern ment have decided to advance to the Bird in-hand Gold-mining Company a further sum of £1,000, to be paid on the certificate of the Goldfield's Warden. That is to subsidize further expenditure. THE GAWLER POLICE. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD, to Mr. HOPKINS -I have seen the report referring to the Gawler police which appears in this morn ing's papers, and I have called the attention of the Commissioner of Police to one of the paragraphs and asked him to make an ex planation. To the Hon. J. C. BRAT-I have made enquiries and have ascertained that Leahy denieB having made any such state ment as that he had the Commissioner of Police under his thumb. He says there is not a word of truth in the allegation which is utterly untrue. 1 saw that in writing, but I have asked the Com missioner of Police to make a report to me, as I have already stated. When I get hia explanation I shall be able to go further into the question. To Mr. REES-I should not like to express an opinion offhand as to whether a conspiracy is being worked against Leahy on religious grounds, not having looked into the matter fully. CHINESE IN THE TERRITORY. Mr. HOPKINS-Will the Government send more police protection to the Northern Territory to keep the Chinese in order ? Mr. JOHNSON - No. Mr. SOLOMON-Will the Government bring in thiB session the Bill recently rejected in reference to the Chinese in the Northern Territory? The Hon. T. PLAYFOBD-NO. We shall confine this session to one matter. THE RWiXTER AND THE BABBIT NUISANCE. The Hon. G. C. HAWKER, on a formal motion, drew attention to the seriousness of the rabbit difficulty. An article which had appeared in the Register from a special correspondent showed to what a fearful ex tent the pest bad grown aboat Terowie. He had known that a great deal of destrno tion was being done by the rabbits, but he had not had the slightest conoeption of the fearfnl extent to what it had gone till, he read this article. The correspon dent gave instance after instance of the depredation of the pest. Men who a few weeks ago had expected a most abundant yield had seen their crops de stroyed, and they did not know bnt what the same thing might occui in other districts. The rabbits came In from Government land, and the farmers should receive some compen sation from the Government for their loss, Mr. HOLDER wap glad that the matter had again been brought under notice. Some weeks ago when he called attention to the extent of the pest, the Com missioner of Crown Lands said that the difficulty had been greatly over stated, but if he (Mr. Coles) visited the district referred to he would find that the Register's account was not by any means exaggerated. The whole of the country east of the Hurra and north to Nackara was in fested by rabbits, that were Bwarming from the pastoral landB into the agricultural settlements and doing incalculaole mis chief to the crops of many farmers. Unless the Government at once _ took steps to prevent the immense influx of rabbits into the settled land in the North East the rabbits would become as great a plague as they were some years ago, and hundreds of acres of wheat would be destroyed, He was very glad that the Government had sent out circulars to a nnmber of people calling on them to destroy the rabbits on their land, but when they did they should see that the notices were not treated with con tempt. The Hon. J, C. BRAY said tbat the matter was very important, and while he last session urged the Government not to commit the country to any large expense until they had told the House something about the pent and what steps they intended to take to combat the nuisance, be thought the account in .the Register was somewhat exaggerated, but un doubtedly Borne steps would have to be taken to prevent more mischief being done on the settled lands, and he hoped the Commis sioner of Crown Lands would give the matter his earliest attention. Mr. BAGSTER Baid whether the report was an exaggeration or not a great injury was being done by the rabbits to the whole colony. The question of dealing with the nuisance by introducing disease was under consideration, and it appeared to him that the evil thi colony was likely to experience through the rabbits justified almost any means being adopted to exterminate them. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD said this waB one of the most diffi cult subjects they had to contend with. VariouB measures had been tried in tbe past. When the Morgan Ministry was in office tbe Commissioner of Crown Lands had to deal with tbe nuisance in its first stages in the neighbourhood of KapundaandBurra. The House passed a measure which was put in force, and the Government cleared the whole of the country from Kapunda beyond the Burraup to a certain point. Then un fortunately the Bouse passed another Bill, and brought in that absurd measure for paying for the scalps of the animals. That Act oost UB hundreds - of thousands of pounds before it was finished with, and there were as many rabbits i in the colOny when the operations under 1 the Aot were discontinued as there were when they were begun. The way to deal with the nuisanoe was by the old Bill. Every man who had rabbits on his land would have to kill them, and the Govern ment would have to do the same. In the par ticular case referred to there was a strip of country nnoccupied, but the Government intended to offer it as quickly as possible for as much as it would bring. They would get rid of the whole of the country as quickly as they oould, and they would aBk the District Councils to §ut the law in force with regard to the estruction of rabbits. He contended that there WBB only one other way in which the Government could assist the farmers if abso lutely necessary, and that was by helping in the erection of rabbit- proof fencing, and up to the limit of that fence southwards every body would have to destroy the rabbits on their own land. To go to the extent of sending out parties to destroy rabbits at the expense of the Government, as in the paBt, or by paying for the soalps, would only be throwing away the people's money. Precious little good would be done, and there fore the Government had practically ceased to do anything, because they knew that the result of either process would simply be throwing away the money. The report re ferred to was an obvious exaggeration in some particulars, but he could thoroughly under stand the damage done to the crops. In the neighbourhood of Kapunda, Mr. Moody, a former member of the House, had said that he had had to stop up at night, and tie dogs round his Btacks of grain to protect it from, the rabbits. He could nnderstand that in the outlying districts next to the pastoral settlements, where rabbits were numeroust some of the farmers* should have their crops destroyed; but the owners of the properties had means of pro tecting themselves. In the western districts of Victoria he had seen men protecting them selves from the rabbits by going to the expense of splitting logs into slabs and erect ing tbem round their property. That was a fearful expense, and we bad not the timber to do it. But we conld purchase the wire-netting, whioh was not very expen sive. That wonld protect them against tbe inroads of the rabbits. The gardeners in the hills had to contend with hares. They, however, did not go howling to the Govern ment, but erected wire fences, in some cases round every tree. The Hon. J. C. BRAY-How about the sparrows? (LauRhterJ The Hon. T. PLAYFORD had not troubled the Government about the sparrows. The Government would do all they reasonably could in the matter of the rabbit nuisance, but they would not repeat the costly experi ments of thejpaat. Mr. HOWE did not think the newspaper desoiiption was exaggerated. The depreda tions of the rabbits were really extraordinary. He had pressed the necessity of the vermin proof fence suggested by the Premier five months ago, and he was glad that tbe Govern ment were coming round to his view, Mr, GILES said that many farmers had not been able to pay their rents through the rabbits destroying the crops, The rabbits extended from east of the Bum to the Blin man, and were rapidly increasing. UnleBS something was done to assist the seleotors on this outside country the land must be thrown np. Mr. HANDY SIDE objected to the debate proceeding, and the matter therefore dropped. ADDRESS IN REPLY. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD, following the usual motion, brought np the Address in reply similar to tbat in the other House. Mr. GRAYSON, in moving the adoption of tbe Address,' regretted the need for the special session, bnt the object for whioh they had met was to enable them to bring the expenditure within the income, and raise sufficient money to enable them to present to 'the world a clear balance-sheet, The finances of the country demanded the additional taxa tion, the imposition of which had necessitated the special session. 1 bey would be wanting; in their duty if the Legislative Council were not given another opportunity of passing a measure, the reiection of whioh would, ac cording to the Treasurer's showing, mean a Iobb to the revenue of £60,000. Mr. COHEN seconded. While he re gretted that the action of another branch of the Legislature had made it necessary to have the special session, they had no other course open to them after the country had spoken out so strongly in favour of an increase of the land tax. The only object of the Bill was to oompel the wealth of the country to submit to its fair proportion of direct taxation in a greater degree than in the paBt. Our national debt was Borne £20,000,000, and nearly the whole of that had been Bpent on roads, railways, bridges, &c; , ? adding to the wealth of the wealthy and in creasing the value of tbelarge estates. Hitherto the wealthy classes had not paid anything like their fair share of taxation, though we had had a deficit for so many years. The Hon. J. C. BRAY thought the special . session WOB a mistake if the objeot of it were simply to ask them to reconsider the Land . and Income Tax Amendment Bill. That was what the mover and seconder of the addreBS in reply said the session was for, but there was nothing to warrant that iu the Uover . nor'a speech. Hon. members seemed to take it for granted that the same Bill as rejected last session in the Legislative Council should be passed again, but there was no need for that, and he hoped ths Government intended to amend the Land and Income Tax Bill in another direotion. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-No. The Hon. J. C. BRAY-A good many . people thought that it was necessary in a special session to pass the Bill in the same form as it was passed last session, and that if the Council aid not pass it there would then be a dissolution. There was nothing in that. There conld be no dissolution unless the House passed the Bill. Then there was an interval during which a dissolution of the Assembly occurred, and the Bill was passed by the House the following session, and again rejected by the Legislative Council. If the Legislative Council refused to pass the Bill during the special session, as they might, no harm was done. Things would be in just the same position as they were. He believed th&t; the Legislative Council wonld again rejeot the Bill. If they did it wonld show that they did what they thought was right. Mr. HOMBURG-This is a distinct issue that was put to the country. The Hon. J. C. BRAY said if it were it Bhould have been brought before them earlier last session. The oountry un ? questionably decided that the revenue should be increased by the Land and Income Tax Bill, either by altering it or adopting a pro perty tax. Mr. GLYNN-It was distinctly stated that the 5 per cent, exemption in the income tax should be struck out. The Hon. J. C. BRAY did not think so. He certainly was opposed to the exemption from income tax being reduced from £300 to £200. It would double the tiouble to the people of the oountry as all tradespeople in the colony had to render a return of their income under the present Bill; bnt if the amount were reduoed a great many more people would have to furnish a return. One of the greatest defects in the Bill was that people who received incomes from other parts of the worlddid not have to pay any tax at all on them; thatshould be altered, and the necessary provision should be inserted in the Bill before them. Mr. GRAYSON-That will cause a long discussion and delay the session. The Hon. J. C. BRAY hoped the hon. member would not begrudge a day or two to do what was right. The Bill should be made as perfect as possible. It was not pretended that if the Bill were passed it could remain as proposed, it would have to be again dealt with next Bession. He agreed that it waB necessary that the Government would have to postpone making the assessment, because it would be impossible for them to get a fair assessment to stand for three years at the present time; but, the other matters in the Bill did not require immediate attention. A far more important matter to the colony, was the necessity for restricting Chinese immigra tion to the Northern Territory. In six months it might be too late to deal with that matter properly. The second clause of the Governor's Speech stated-"I sincely trust that the reBult of your deliberations may be such that the operations for the current financial year may exhibit a surplus of revenue over expenditure, and thus aid in establishing the fact that previous defects have been occasioned by altogether exceptional circum stances." As a matter of fact the revised state ment of Ways and Means put beforethembythe Treasurer showed a surplus revenue over the expenditure. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-No. Dr. COCKBURN - Decidedly it does, £3,000. The Hon. J. C. BRAY said the statement showed that we began with a deficiency of £8,000, and at the end of the year the defi ciency would be £3,000, showing really a sur plus of £3.000. Besides that he believed that there would be a surplus, as the Treasurer, basing his calculations on a 7-bushel har vest, estimated his railway receipts at £799,000. As it waB generally admitted that the harvest would average 10 bushels - ("No") -well, it would be 9 bushels to the acre-("No.")-and as every additional bushel meant an extra £20,000 in railway receipts that would rive them an additional £40,000. He did not object to having a surplus but that should be got in a proper way and not by the course proposed by the Government. It was desirable to amend the Land and Income Tax Bill, but the Government had shown no reason why the Bill should be agreed to, and they had nothing to show that even if they rusned it through to let the Legislative Council con sider it that House would apree to the BilL He was sure that it would be very much better for them to devote their attention to re stricting the influx of Chinese into the Ter ritory as that was a matter that was engag ing a large share of attention in ail the colonies. He had no desire to impede the progress of business, but he felt it to be his duty to point out the defects in the Land and Income Tax Act. Dr. COCKBURN believed that the Legis lative Council thought they had good reason for rejecting the measure during the last -session. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-They were mistaken. Some of them thought they were going to lose only £20,000. Dr. COCKBURN-No doubt as the Bill bad been rejected it behoved the House to scrutinize it carefully to see whether there were any faults in it. During the last session the Council had asserted its power in a manner which was previously unknown o them, and the House would have to see that the Bill was a perfectly good and . sound one before sending it on. As Ioni as it was a good one and the House had the country behind it, there would be no fear of the action of the Council. The whole of the provisions of the Bill had not been put before the country. The postponement of the assess ment had not been referred to at the elec tions. No one ever imagined that such a thing would be done, yet it was one of the cardinal features of the measure. No one ever thought there would be a postponement, and even if they did they would have thought that at the same time areduction would be made in the rate. The fact that those who were connected with land have been paying extremely high for the past three years was an argument that they should not be com pelled to pay more on the present assessment. He sincerely hoped the Bill would be care fully looked into, and that the House would not take it as a matter of course that the Bill wasjust beoause it had been pasBed once during the year. Mr. GILBERT agreed very much with Mr. Bray's remarks. He had never believed iu tbe land and income tax, which should be replaced by something better. Mr. BEES-Could a new tax: have been carried ? That's the ^lestiin. The Hon. T. FLAYfOfiD-Not the ghost of a chanoe. Mr,_ GILBERT would, however, vote for the Bill, because he was anxious to make the year's accounts balance. The Council had thrown the measure out through a misappre hension about the real state of the aocountB, The sensation of having a surplus balance would be something well worth exneriencinc. Sir JOHN DOWNER supported the Go vernment. _He had voted for the Taxation Bill when it was last before the House, and he had neither heard nor seen anything which would induce him now to take an opposite view. So far as the Upper House were con cerned, if he thought that there was some doubt as to whether they would adhere to their previous decision he agreed that it would be a waste of time to prooeed with the Bill,_ but he did not entertain that opinion. On the contrary, he was under the impression that certain mem bers of the Council would not pursue the same line of action as they did before, and that the Bill would become law. In that hope and iu that belief he intended to support the measure. Though it might work some injustices, and though it might be unfair to continue an assessment which it was understood was to be altered every three years, he could not help remembering that when he first came back to the House after his visit to England he saw every probability oi it being a certainty that the land tax would have to oe increased, and one contingency that prevented that was the passing of a tariff which the Assembly had agreed to, not with a view of increasing the revenue, but to assist local industries. He had supported that measure, however, partly because he be lieved it would promote local industries, but incidentally he had said-and he laid par ticular stress on the fact-that it would have the effect ol increasing our revenue, and re move from us the disgrace of showing a bad balance-sheet. The same point of view whioh influenced him then influenced him now, and he would support the Bill. Carried, The sitting was suspended for a snort time to allow of the presentation of the Address to the Governor. TAXATION AMENDMENT BILL. The Standing Orders having been sus pended the Houss went into Committee of Ways and Means, . The Hon. T. PLAYFORD moved-"That it is desirable to amend the Taxation Act of 1884." The principles on which the Govern ment proposed to amend the Act were pre cisely the same as that contained in the Bill which was carried during the late session. The first was the_ postponement of the assess ment. In speaking to the House last session he announced that he would ask members to agree to a postponement of the assessment, because of tbe difficulty at present of ascer taining the value of land. Admitting that the assessment now was considerably too high, to attempt to alter it at the time origi nally intended would be to do it at a time when the value could not be estimated. It was said that if the assessment were post poned the rate should be made lower, but lowering it would necessitate an extra tax of a farthing or a halfpenny in the pound being put on, and the Government Baid, taking all the circumstances into consideration, that as they required all the revenue which was obtained last year from land, it would be better to wait foranother year until land values got into a more stable condition before they revised the assessment. The next point in which it * 7^8 proposed to alter the present law wasto provide that the 5 per cent, exemption which a man was allowed to make in income tax on account of the land tax shou Id be removed. That was a question which was more fully debated and looked into by the different constituencies than any other matter affecting taction, and it was a point upon which tnero -.Tas unanimity of opinion expressed throughout the length and breadth of the land. He had heard or read the speeches when the elections were going on, but did not remember an instance where anybody suegeBted an objection to that pro posal. It was supported universally through the country, and the Government had in cluded it in this Bill. The next point was the reduction from £300 to £200 as the taxable basis under tbe income tax. That was a wise reduction. It would bring within the scope of the Bill people who could afford to pay something towards the taxation of the country; £200 was a fair income to begin with. When a man had over £4 a week to live upon he could afford to pay a trifle towards the taxation from wnat he had over the £200. That would bring in a considerable increase to the revenue. The next alteration was that Companies should pay a uniform rate of 6d. instead of Gd. ana 3d,, as at present. For instance, he woulJ refer to two Com panies, a Bank and the East- End Market Company. The Market Company had to pay at the rate of 6d., but the Bank only at the 3d. rate, and there was no reason why one should pay more than another. Tbe various institutions should be placed upon the same footing. ThoBe were the four points upon which it waB proposed to make alterations, and the Government desired to keep the Bill entirely on the lines of the one which was passed during the last session. When the Bill was before the House he would make a statement as to the position of the country, The Hon. J. C. BRAY would not offer any objection at this stage. He did not know whether the Treasurer intended to lay a revised statement of Ways and Means before the House, but without such a statement how could he tell the Honse that his bilance Bheet did not show a surplus? His last figures distinctly showed that. The Hon. T. PLAYFOfiD-No; that was not putting tbe matter faiily. Mr. Bray took off the £8.705 put down as the balanoe of the deficit to be paid out of revenue, though that was a legitimate expenditure in all senses of the word. Th&t; was m much ft d@bt as &Dy; other amount was a debt. Itoaght not to be taken off the balance-sheet! bat fihoald be met straightforwardly and honestly. To say, therefore, that by leaving that £8,795 off a credit balance of £3,000 appeared was not a fair way to put the matter. Mr. GILBERT -Why not put all the deficit on the balance-sheet in the same waj ? The Hon. T. PLAY FORD-Because it was usual end wise to float Treasury bills in respect to the larger sum for even money. The House should remember that the Trea surer's revised Ways and Means were really all on paper-merely the paper estimate of the Treasurer. Other Treasurers during the last five years in their estimates had all been wrong. They always had on paper a oredit of £13,000 or £30,000, and in one instance up to £100,000, but their estimates were never realized. Their years closed with a farther deficit. It would notbeEafe for the House with the experience it had had to guide it to go into recess without having made fall and ample provision for the year. The resolutions were carried, and the Bill W8B introduced and read a first time. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD is moving the second reading said:-On December 6 last I laid on the table the revised Ways and Means, in which I showed a debit balance of £5,791; I also showed that if the Bill we have under consideration is not passed I shall have to provide £5,000 for making new the land assessment. A news paper correspondent under the name of " Paul Pry," has made erroneous statements in relation to this assessment. If any one Bays that all necessary preliminaries for making the assessment have been arranged, he says what is utterly untrue. No expense has been incurred whatever upon such a thing, and no preparations have been made. I showed a debit balance of £5,791 which would be increased by £5,000 if the assessment was required; and I also showed that at least £30,000 would be required to adjust the Northern Territory accounts. As regards that £30,000 there is not the slightest doubt about its being wanted. The Hon. J. C. BRAY-You will have un expended balances to that amount. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-Oh that would be met by the excesses. You can generally argne that the unexpended balances on votes will be met by the excesses, so that the one will be a credit and the other a debit, and neither need be taken into account. I wish to point out to the House how the revenue has been coming in during the five months of the year which have passed. The revenue during that five months, I think, would be a good criterion of what iB going to be the re venue fox the year, on certain lines at any rate. I Bent a memorandum to my Secretary, Mr. Sholl, asking particulars of the estimated revenue from land for the year, and what amount had been received up to the end of November, and the same particulars with regard to Customs, post and telegraph, stamps, and railways. These were the heaviest itemB of our revenue. We estimated to receive for the year from land sales £124,930. We have received for ths five months £21,135. We ought to have received £52,054. The Hon. J. C. BRAY - You never expected to do that though. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-From rents for the year we estimated to receive £180,000. We teceived to the end of November £57,819. Weoughttohavereceived£75,02l. This makes the total estimates for land £304.980, and the total receipts to the end of November £78,954. From Customs we estimated to receive £490,000. To the end of November we bad received £230,791. The average for the five months would be £204,166, bo that we have £26,000 over the estimate. Bat for two months the Customs revenue was abnormal before the revision of the tariff, and in consequence of this nearly £70,000 for one month WOB obtained. Last month the receipts were Bmall-only £37,000-and for the last three months they have been a great deal smaller than expected, and it is only the first that have brought them on so well. As to the revenue from railways my estimate was £800,000. We have received £310,239, we ought to have received £333,330. The Hon. J. C. BRAY-You never received so much during the first five months. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-No; and we never expect to receive it, and if we did not make up in the rest of the year it would be a bad thing for us. It was the heavy wool traffic, which was about double that of the first five months of any previous year, which brought the amount up. Post and Telegraphs we estimated at £197,000. We have received for the firBt five months £81,060. We ought to have received £32,083. There is only a difference of £1,000, so that we are very close to the average, and my estimate has every likelihood of being realized. For stamp duties £38,000 was my original estimate, but this I reduced to £34,000. The actual rezeiptB to November 30 were £12,871. They ought to have been £14,160, and it is doubtful if we ehall receive as much as we expected. Taking the total revenue from all sources we estimated it at £2,213,258. We have actually received for the five months which have passed £809,382. On the average basis that ought to have been £922,191, so that we are about £112,000 below the average. Then, of course, there is no income tax or land tax in that. Mr. ROUNSEVELL-And no licences. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-No. Mr. ROUNSEVELL-And no rents, The Hon. T. PL&YFORD-Well;, a lot of rentB had been paid to the end of November. 1 think hon. members will agree that my estimates are coming out fairly well, I may have a slight excess in railways. Mr. ROUNSEVELL-Last month's amount must have been very heavy. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-Ay; but wool brought that up. The wool traffic has been exceptionally good. Railways may be ex ceeded ; CostomB, too, may be exceeded, hut I do not expect by very muoh. Nobody has been more deceived about the CuBtoms revenue than late Treasurers, and although etocke are low the people of this colony have within the last few years learnt a lesson in economy which they will not forget easily, and the CustomB will not bring np the revenue to any great extent, I expeot a deficiency in the land revenue, and I am doubtful whether the stamp duties will realize the estimate. So taking the land revenue and the stamp duties on the one hand, and the Customs and railways on the other, 1 balance one against the other. I say that my estimates are fair, neither in flated on the one hand nor depressed on the other. The revenue we shall lose if this Bill is defeated will be £20,000 on the in the income tax. There is £10,000 by taking off the 5 percent, exemptions. There is another amonnt through reducing the income exemption lrom £300 to £200, and another through making all Companies pay 6d. We estimate the loss will ds £10,000 on the 5 per cent, exemptions; £7,500 through lowering the rate from £300 to £200; and £2,500 in connection with the Companies. Then the land tax receipts we estimate would be reduced by over £30,000 if the Bill were lOBt. We anticipated to receive with the same assessment and rate of taxation £94,000. If we have to make a new assess ment at least one-third of the rated value will come off the assessment, eo the loss will be over £30,000. Thin will make the total IOBS about £55,000. Then we have, in addition to this, £5,0U0 increased expense of making the new assessment, making a total of £60,000 loss if the Bill is not carried. We cannot afford thiB IOES, because the chances are that we shall have a deficiency without that money. During the last three or four vears Treasurers have always had a fair and in most cases sufficient excuse for their revenue not coming up to expectations owing to the abnormally bad seasons. They have had to estimate on an average season, but the seasons have been below the average. Now we have a better than ordinary harvest, with good yields of wool and wheat, and a spurt in the mining industry, and we should make our revenue and expenditure balance and have a surplus to the good. We should be further disgraoed in the eyes of the world if we do not, and it behoves us above all things to so arrange our finances that, taking a lair view of the situation, without being inflated on the one hand or depressed on the other, we shall be able to say " we have fairly, honourably, and honestly made the revenue and expenditure balance, that we have done all we can this year to meet the necessities of the ease fairly and manfully." Then I will point out the responsibilities relating to the finances of the colony really rests with the Ministry of the day. We bring in our proposals to deal with the finances, and when the Assembly passes the proposals and gives effect to them by Bill upon UB rests the responsibility. When the Bouse of Assembly agreed to passing the proposals of the Government, unless the other place can show that we have been mistaken in our estimates, or that the conclusions we have arrived at are wrong conclusions, they ought to accept the position, and not take upon them selves the responsibility of tne financial position of the colony. By refnaing to pasB this Bill they would practically take npon themselves that responsibility. The Ministry and Assembly say " we want in this way to make the revenue and expenses balance, and it iB necessary." The other branch of the Legislature says " we will not go with you; it is not necessary." That is not the proper position for them to take, and had they had time to consider the matter on a reviouB ocoasion-for the division was urried-they would have oometo a different conclusion. We have a plain duty to the country in this matter. We say it is neces sary to pass this legislation, and that we onght to give another chance to the other branch of the Legislature to consider it. Unless we get this additional revenue the ohances are that we shall have a deficit. There is only one other point I wish to allude to-that raised by Mr. Bray, that the income tax does not provide for people receiving incomes from other places paying the tax here. That provision should be made. In England you have to pay, and I do not see why it Bhould not be the law here; but I see no nrgent reason for making the alteration now and I would ask Mr. Bray not to propose his amendment to-day. This question will moat likely have to be considered next Bession, and he should defer any amendment till then. If we do not interfere with the Bill it will be something to Bhow the Legis lative Council that we feel strongly on the point; and they will be more likely to carry it than if any amendment is made. I move the second reading of the Bill, The Hon. J. C. BRAY agreed that gene rally the Treasurer's estimates were fair, but he had understated the revenue from Cus toms by at lsast £50,000. He said he had re ceived £230,000 during the last five months in Customs duties, and while admitting that the receipt during November was very low no less than £37,000 had been received. Taking that low estimate as the amount that would by received during the next seven months it gave them £259,000 more, or within £1,000 of the Treasurer's estimate. He believed, also, his revenue from railways would be £50,000 more than estimated, but he would like Mr. Coles to show why he had advised the Trea surer to estimate thB receipts from laud at £121,000 while up to the present he had only received £20,000. That was the weakest line of all those estimated by the Treasurer, bat if all the arrears were paid up this year he did not know that it would be much below the estimate. He hoped as the matter would be under consideration next year the matter would be fully gone into and the best form of taxation adopted. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KOUNSEVELL thought if the Bill were passed at all it should be sent up just as it was before. He did not agree that the reasons the Treasurer had given were alto gether satisfactory, but if the measure were at all amended it might take the Legislative Council by surprise. He agreed with all the provisions of the Bill except the postpone ment of the assessment. He could only justify that on the ground that it was im possible now to make the assessment, and secondly that it was inexpedient to do BO. He strongly objected to the proposal of Mr. Bray to tax incomes derived out of the colony. We ought to be very glad to get the money spent here. Mr. LANDSEEH justified the action of the Government, as the Bill was necessary to enable us to place our finances in a proper position, and the general elections had shown that the HouBe must impose additional taxes on the wealthy. He objected to the amend ment, but if the Legislative Council per sisted in refusing to pay the tax nroposed by the HOUBB he would support the New Zealand scheme of a property tax. Dr. COCKBURN was strongly of opinion that if by amending the Bill they could make it better, they should do so, and not consider the question of sending it up to the Council i'uet as it was before. He objected to land >eing made to pay all taxation, and asserted that the recision of the 5 per cent, exemption would simply mean compelling the pro ducers of the colony to pay a tax twice over. There could be no fairer tax than a pro perty tax, and he hoped the time was not far distant when the burden of taxation would be more equally distributed. He did object to the reduotion of the liability for income tax from £300 to £200, as by that means many farmers who for years had got no income, would be compelled to pay now in the first year, when a little money was made out of the land. He characterized the alteration in the time of payment of the land and income tax from May 14 to February 14, "because then the farmers might be supposed to have it," as an insult; but while protesting against the Bill he would not stand against the second reading, although he hoped it would be made as perfect as possible. Mr. GLYlNiN objected to the question of a property tax being raised, but said the country was generally agreed that the 5 per cent, exemption should^ be removed, as its eontinuance only benefitted the wealthy speculator. The 5 per cent, exemption was allowed as it was supposed to represent the average income from land. If land of a capital value of £10,000 paid no income it was not because of its unproductive nature, bnt, because it was not UBed. Ab the session had been particularly called to pass the Bill he hoped it would be passed without alteration. Mr. HUSSEY ross amid cries of "divide. Be eaid that the revenue and expenditure should he mett and for that reason he sap ported the Bill, though he was strongly in favour of a property tax. At the same time the Treasurer had not been so economical as he might have been. The Hon. G. C. HAWKER moved that the House do now divide. Carried. The second reading was passed without division. In Committee. Clause 1 passed. Clause 2-" Amendment of seotion 12 of Taxation Act." The Hon. J. C. BRAY moved to strike out paragraph 2. He oppoBed the reduction of the exemption under the income tax from £300 to £200. Dr. CoCKBtJBN sap ported. Mr. BDBGOYNE said that two sessions ago he would have been in favour of the redaction of the exemption, but under the altered circumstances of forcing increased taxation he opposed it, and supported the amendment. The income tax was uncertain and inequitable, and he favoured in pre ference a property tax. The Hon. T. PLAY FOBD said all political economists had admitted that the income tax was most equitable; £200 per year was a very good income for any man, and persons in receipt of over that could well afford to pa; on the additional sum. Mr. SCHEBK re gretted he could not support the amend ment, as the reduction meant so large an increased revenue. He strongly opposed a property tax as being most unfair, in quisitorial, and unworkable. Amendment negatived. Clause pasBed. Clauses 3 to 7 passed. Clause 6. " The Local Court of fall jurisdiction nearest in a direct line to the land assessed shall be the Court of Appeal to hear and determine all appeah from any assessment of land." The Hon. J. C. BBAY moved to add " or in the option of the taxpayer the Local Court of Adelaide," so as to give the appellant the right to choose which Court he would appeal to. Mr. KINGSTON opposed the amendment. After discussion with the Commissioner of Taxes the Government were satisfied that for the purpose of securing uniformity there should be one Court and one Court alone for settling appeals. Those residing in a certain district were the beet judges of what was the value of the land in the district. The Hon. J. C. BBAY said the Commissioner of Taxes had recom mended that the appeals shoald be made in the Local Court of Adelaide. It waB ex tremely unfair that a person residing in Adelaide and owning land in Mount Gambier or Port Lincoln, for instance, should be com pelled to go to those places to make his appeal. Sir JOHN DOWNEB agreed with the amendment, as the appeal shoald be at the option of the appellant. Mr. Mattinsok thought the appellant should have the right to eay whether ne would make hi« appeal to the Local Court of Adelaide or to the nearest Local Court, Amendment carried. Clause as amended passed. Standing Orders sus pended, and Bill passed through its remain ing stages, ADJOURNMENT. The House at 6 o'clock adjourned antil next day at 2 p.m. 