No.,232. .From-CornlnU."; It was curious, because the .prisoner.was so mild in ,his ijiannerSj so patient of . correction," and so exceedingly polite to everybody, f-;'Yet the warders one and all, were agreed that tliey did not like hiin.-'It was very'curious. . . He "was a small gray man, with no comeli ness about him, and as lean as a volume of minor poetry.?- .Wien on parade with tho other prisoners, he hitched up Ms left slioulder in a manner ''that gave offence to the deputy go ?ernor; and iu his prisou'cloihes, which fitted him indifferently, he looked as awkward as a man who has just.been sentenced to be hanged. To be sure he bad an eye of very piercing quality, and a habh of .filing it with disquiet ing effect upon persons who addressed him brusquely or'with unnecessary harshness; and power of the eye appears to have been the chief cause of the offence which the suave and gentle convict had'given to the-waiders^ of the gaol. * ~ For example, a junior "warder whom the prisoner had summoned "to his cell one night, on 6ome trivial occasion,' told his brother officers in the messroom afterwards that thpe was " something in the look of Xo. 222 " which he " couldn't make out, and couldn't stand "whereupon divers other warders confessed to having felt a simflpr influence in the presence of No. 222. . . , Strange, too, that'hisfellow-prisonersasweU as the warders .made similar admissions to one another, touching the effcct which had. been exercised on them by- the eye or the presence of No. 222. One said that he.felt cold," another thathefclt "queer," .whenever No. 222 was near him; a third that he had ah itching sensation in his leg, "and a fourth that he had the shivers down ing back. More feiuatkable still were the experiences recounted by the convict who had sat on the left hand of"No. 222 at meal times. This man told his friends (in terras which would - be in telligible only to readers who had "served their time") that he had been moved by an unaccountable impulse to . share his bread at flirmgr with the neighbour on his rightthough he wanted the bread himself,- and "didn't like the look of*' his neighbour's eye. Fora wh^le .week he resisted the impulse, and then suc cumbed, passing half his bread over to No. 222, who took it, and thanked him, and ate it. By-and-by a like story was told by the pri soner whose place during meals was at the right bftTifl of No. 222. An impulse seized him at dinner to share his mutton with the man on his left, and he obeyed it, though he could not say why, for he never got as much mutton as he wanted, and he hated the eye of No. 222. No. 222 was a man named John M'G-ibbon, who had passed into prison as the result of an ingenious but unsuccessful attempt to pay old debts in a new way. Being of a genuine philosophic temperament, he bowed resignedly to the inevitable, and made himself as comfort able as he could. Amongst his relaxations were the occasional visits of the chaplain, a fat and pleasant man, who would listen with an air of surprise while the prisoner told him many strange tricks in cards, and the profits that might proceed from the skilful manipulation of a double pack. Not uiifrequently the chaplain dissented from the prisoner's views on card playing, and on these occasions No. 222 would reply" that when he alluded to the concealment of aces in the sleeve of an experienced. player, he didr hot suggest that his hearer should resort tOEUch 'practices- His; object, was merely to expound.the possibilitiesof an art of which: he desired that the . chaplain should never become the victim..".Knowledge, evon of this peiuliar>kind,V he. said, ''may be of service, sir, to'the best -of us,- in - circinhstances which can never bo foretold." Sometimes the chaplain was disposed to get up and go while one of these discourses wa3 in progress, but as often as he attempted. this a < glance from the prisoner's eye drew him to his seat again, and he was powerless to more until he felt that the prisoner, by: his .own .will released nim. Thus the chaplain also was drawn within the influence of that mysterious eye. Extraordinary things began to , happen in prison, aud it btxaine evident.that the internal order of that establishment was less strictly kept than before. This made for the comfort of the prisoners and for the discomfort of the officers. More than oncc the warder whose duty it was to ring the bell for rising iu the morning was half an hour late at his post. The prisoners slept agreeably during that lmlf-hour, but a very bad quarter of an hoar was subse quently experienced by the ncgiectful warder. The chaplain had a well-meant but tedious habit of expanding his .Sunday sermon; all at oncc he bccamo very pleasanth* brief, yet it seemed that his brevity was quite involuntary, for he would stop short and pronounce the benediction in the very middle of an argument. Curious things happened to warders who had made themselves unpopular amongst the prisoners-. They went to bleep quite early in this afternoon while pre>idiug*over :t gang in the workshop : they forgot how to count tbeh men on parade: they shouldered their rifle? upside down: they mnde pointless jokes ir the presence of the deputy governor, whirl he greatly disliked; they earned prisoners foi punishment before the governor aud did no' rem&mber; what they h.id charged them with. Several of the wardr-rs laid their heads to gether in- the mess-room, nri'l said they be lieved No. 222 was the source of all this mis chief. They agreed thereupon that the life oi this prisoner laii.st made a bunion to him, thatietaigbteoase to exercise his diabolical powers to the injury of the ..raiders. . Now in this prison they had a favourite foolish way of annoying the prisoner* by ordering thorn to h;w? ihvir huh cut. - It-was a farm of which no oiio rHhesited-'Tufpi'e-than- Number 222, whose hair Lad Lccn i:i h;:pp;».-r day.s hL thief personal vanity. Ifis inum*'; dfoljke io covw under the ishuars of the prison barber (r/ho nhyays made .what ho called " a smooth jot" of his victim's head)' was known to an assistant warder, -who laid tis plans accordingly;' and ^aTg his gang about him in the tailor s room °">°a aftenioori following tho duonsaon in tho mess room,ho presently called out: "nJ « «j22, take yer ' etool and go downsturs ana .haro vor 'air cut.1' ' : " . , Tho hand'of No. 222 -went instantly to hid: Herd," and'felt it all over m a slow, care ful manner. There was not ono par'icular hair upon it that'exceeded a quarter of ^lnch m lensth. Everybody in the room nw T» hatred of tho barber, and, as lie ,md l>cen cropped three times already in less than a moSth, it was evident.that tho order. was a.» piece of gratuitous tyranny on tho warder s ^Tho warder was a poor feature, eyc6 and an irresolute mouth; and No. -*T. his unassuming way took the measure of him " He rose, and in a resnectful the attention of the warfer to ,.tho,^T°WUt arily scanty condition of his poll, ^dmg that it with regret ho felt compelled to decline C0^S^6Wt"pnSht0n his ^rch and looked as if something had snapped inside to other prisoners were no less aghast, and fell to wondering whether No. -2 would get a month's bread-and-water, or a Aoppnff. All this while No. 222 was gazing quietly but fixedly upon the weak-faced warder. _ The officer repeated his order m a voicethax began in a roar and ended in a low rattle. With the eye of the prisoner riveted uiKiii it, his countenance underwent a sudden and startling change. The eyes grew fixed and vacant, and all the muscles stiffened; then tho pencil wmca he had taken up to write the prisoners name for report upon his slate slipped through his . fingers, and hsgTCW rigid on his seat. " X think, sir," said No. 222 softly, that I need not have my hair cut to-day. . \- "you need not have your hair cnt to-day, . "replied the warderbut he spoke like a man in a *" Yoaare somewhat sleepy, sir. The after noon is warm. You had better enjoy a little siesta," pursued the prisoner, who all this wlilehad not removed his eyes from the war ^'x'am somewhat sleepy. The afternoon is warm. I had tetter enjoy a little siesta, echoed the warder; and stall he spoke like one Thatvfright," said No. 222. "Tou shall eo to sleep like an angel in a moment; but first see whether you haT« anj tobacco and a nT?eaS?rhITdew^ automatically to his pocket, and drew from it a tobacco-pouch and the day's journal. He laid them on the desk before him, the* his head fell forward, and he slept lite a man entranced. No °22 walked to the officer s place ana took un the tobacco-pouch and the newspaper. The ?pouch had been newly filled; an even distribu tion of its contents resulted m a quid a-piece for the convicts, and each man received his morsel and chewed it with a pale, astonished faNo. 222 then took up his position beside the sleeping warder, and proceeded to_ read aloud sucfi items of intclligonce from tno criminal triDunals as he judged most likely to interest his audiencc. , There was a signal enormity about these transactions which, when their astonishment and had in some measure subsided, the prisoners were not slow to appreciate. Few Articles aro in a higher degree contraband within the walls of a prison than newspapers and tobacco, and to chew the one whde listen ing to the police reports in the other constituted a hei-bt and excess of illicit felicity such as seemed cheaply bought at the price of prospec tive whippings. , At the end of an hour or so, No. 22- folded th» newspaper, and, having laid it on the warder's desk beside the tobacco-pouch, re turned to his seat. The convicts resumed their work and silence was restored. . A few moments later tho warder awoke with the same suddenness with which he had fallen asleep .-but the aspect of his face and the air with which ho glanced over tho room showed at once that he was utterly oblivious of everything that had happened since the moment when he first addressed himself to No. 222. Seeing his newspaper and tobacco-pouch on the desk before him, and thinking it improb able that he had placed them there himself, he concluded that .ho had gone to sleep for a few minutes and that his pocket liad been picked But he held his tongue, for such thing* nad happened before, and he was much too iuteUi ".ent to lay a charge against his gang which he could only substantiate by inculpating him self. . , , If No. 222 had previously been a man of mark amongst his associates, he basked now in the sunshine of a fame such as no prisoner had ever enjoyed before. But they grew desperately afraid of him. concluding, as many of the warders had already done, that he had dealings .with the father of night. Meanwhile, No. 222 conducted himself as he had always done, with gentleness, politeness, and good humour, and continued as before to earn the highest pos sible number of good-conduct marks per week. The assistant warder whom he had subdued in the manner described mado no repoit upon that affair, because tho remembrance of it had, by some occult agency known only to his suli duer, been utterly effaced in him. And, odd to relate, this tame assistant warder became from that day kindlv and almost affectionately disposed towards No. 222, and uf.ed his in fluence with a higher officer to havo him pro moted in the gaol. ' His promotion brought him under tho imme diate authority of a .'principal" warder, ?frith whom untU now he had had very lit Je to do. This was a small sturdy man, with teeth like tuelcH, and an acrobatic agility of frame, who would provoke a prisoner into knocking him down for the subsequent satisfaction o£ pro curin'.'him a i'lOgging This warder no sooner had lio. 'I'll imdor his rontrol than he hated him; heimsooner hated liiin tliau lie resolved to incommode him; he no sooner resolved to incommodo Mm than lie proceeded to put the resolve into - effect. - He percoived that No. 222 was a man of mild behaviour, and one who might be expected to accommodate himself to a course of correc tive treatment. . He set him dirty little tasks of a superfluous character, and accused him of breaches of tho rules, which he could not possibly have com* mitted. When on duty at night, in tho cor ridor in which No. 222 had his cell, ho would hiss softly at him through tho slit in the door, which served as spy-hole, and would wake him at midnight to say that ho had his eyo upon him. . ;i "I thank you, sir," was the only rejoinder he could ever obtain from the occupant: . One night he unlooked the door with a snap, let .himself into the} cell, and said, "I've caught you, my pippin, have If" ; " At what, sir ?" inquired No." 222. You're a-chewing terbacker, 222," replied the warder. - - ~ f - y '-'j-; " X am a stranger to tho uso of tobacco in every form, sir," said tho prisoner; Get ont; of bed. I'm a-going to search you," returned the warder. t f . Tho raild-mannored prisoner obeyed, and the spiteful warder made a pretence of search inghim. . i . In stooping to feel the lower part of his body, the warder's cap rolled off. No. 222 quietly bent over the man's head, concentrated his gaze there, and breathed hard upon it. -:A cold shiver ran down tho" warder's baok, and-the prisoner understood that this man, like the rest, was sensitive to his influence. \- " What are you a-doing?" said the warder, rising up quickly. The two men confronted one another,-and the eye of the prisoner seemed as thoughit would pierce the brain of the warder. The warder's glance began to waver-'and ! shift, and his whole mien and bearing were changed. ...* -. ^ '' What is that you have at your side ?" said No. 222, pointing to the staff which the warder carried in his belt. His tone -* was = no longer senile but commanding. . ^ The warder, however, had not quite lost himself, and he answered - boldly," but not so loudly as usual 2. ... 14 None of your lip, now, 222. I'll run you in for this, I will." : Sunning a prisoner in is the euphemism - for conveying him to the punishment cells. ; "What have you. at your side ?" rspeated No. 222, with a calm and steadfast voice. The warder, in obedience to an impulse which he could not control, laid his hand upon the weapon aud answered: '"Jfystaff. You know that well enough." "You are wrong," said No. 222 quietly. " It is a whisky bottle." The warder plucked his staff-from its case, and looked at it: and a spell- seemed working on him. "Yousee," observed the prisoner, smiling, "it is a whisky bottle." "ItIsn't-it's a staff, my own staff," the warder answered slowly and sullenly; but even as ho spoke a dubious look crept upon his fea» tares. 14 Examine it carefully," said No. 222. .'What is it now r" " It's a staff-a whis-a staff. Yes, it is a staff," persisted the warder." Then a halt light of recognition 6tole into his face, and he added cautiously, " But it's very like a whisky bottle." " It is a whisky bottle," the prisoner said again. "Smell it." The warder raised his staff to his face, and nosed it critically. "It's a whisky bottle-a whisky bottle-a whisky bcttle," he cried delightedly, and made as though he would uncork it. 4' Pu< it back," said the prisoner, imperiously; and straightway, but with an appearance of disgust anddisappointment, the warder returned the staff to his belt. By a single snap of his Angers No. 222 dissipated the effect, and the warder knew nothing but that he had just completed - a fruitless search on him for tobacco. "Mindhow you conduct yourself, 222; else I'll run you in, I will," bo said, as ho quitted the cell. * " "Thank you, sir; -1 will be'careful," answered the prisoner respectfully,^ and - re turned to his b?d. - "While iu .his> state of normal -consciousness the warder of course remained wholly ignorant of the humiliating episode of the whisky bottle; and as he lost nothing of his antipathy to No. 222, ho continued to persecute him in various ways. It resulted that the prisoner ono day took counsel with hinieelf, and decided t«» bring the matter to an issue. He had grown weary of tho warder, and deemed it well to make an end of him. But it wan never his habit to seek for opportunities, so he sat down quietly to wait until one nhould come. And presently it came. TJ»c warder appeared one evening in th« cell of No. 222, and charged him with some stupid offence which it would have been beneath the diguity of auy intelligent prisoner to be guilty of. . : . , . Bv this time No. 222 had acquired such complete control over the volition of this warder that he could make a slave of him by a nod. He suffered him to set forth his charge, and then, risirg from his fctool, he placed himself before tho officer, and with a single glance he struck him into a Atatoof cataleptic rigidity. When in the cataleptic .state tho victim always remembered what had occurred in former abnormal situations, and ho seldom failed to revert to the incident of tho staff transformed into a whisky bottle. "Let us have a little whisky, sir-do," he pleaded in a wheedling tone, for. in thid condi tion ho was a creature dibtinct from bib waking aslf. " Silence!" said the prisoner, who was now ag.iin the master. " I'm a-w/ulmg for your order*, sir," replied tho warder submissively. "You shall have them fioon cuough,'.' said I No. 222. "Listen to me. In your present condition you nrn in iny i>ower; wlicn T re lease you 1 am in youra. Your power you use like a tyrant, and I am sick of it, and of yon. You are-a poor and despicable creatura whom the accident of fortune has placed in a position of almost unlimited authority oyer tome hundreds of unhappy criminals. I admit that many in this placo are Tory had men, and merit no better fate than the desperate one they suffer hore. But you are a very bad man alBO, and the least suited, thereforo, to hare power over your natural kin. Over good men a bad ruler is a sufficient evil; over bad men his rule is an intolerable curse. You have too long abused your power here; you shall abuse it no longer. I put an end to your rulo to-night." . At these portentous words the warder turned whiter than the whitewashed walls of the cell. His muscles quivered-ho shook in every limb. :. " "What are you going to do with me, sir f" he quavered. " I am going to settle your hash," replied No. 222 gravely, adopting the mode of speech best calculated to strike home to the feelings and intelligence of the warder. " My'ash, sir. Going to settle my 'ash. Aro you going to kill me?" "Oh, no," replied No. 222. "I am not going to hurt you in the least. I have thought of. another and a more effective mode of dealing with you. I am simply going to request you: to stand on your head for a fow moments, here, in the middle of the cell. I hear the governor coming;: be good enough to comply with my request at once." The governor, in fact, was 'making around of the prison that evening, and at that very, moment his step could be heard coming in the direction of the cell where this uuusual colloquy. was proceeding. " Stand on your head," said No. 222. "The governor will be here in a moment." ? ? A dense sweat broke upon the warder's fore- ? head, and glittered there in beads. , , ? ."Standon your head!" repeated thepri-j soner, coldly and calmly. ..i . . : ; . "I won't," said the warder doggedly, but his tremulous features and the rocking of,his", body showed him incapable of resistance. to;the'~ terrible will of No. 222. . . The governor's step came nearer. . .':Tha. warder had not closed the door of the cell, , and it ganed some G iuches,. "Obey me now, I Bay!" exclaimed.the pri soner, and his eyes shot fire into tho wild and j fearful orbs of his victim. One convulsive effort to be master of him self the wretched warder made, but the prisoner held him with his eye, and mado two. rapid passes across the upper portion of the warder's face. The body of the warder swung forward, he. turned a half-somersauU, and placed himself heels uppermost in the c&tre; of the cell. The governor, with the ohief warder at his elbow, paused at the unlocked door, pushed it open, and looked in. Spectacles of this sort were not common in tho prison, and for a moment tha governor appeared to doubt what he saw before aim. He advanced a step into the cell, and there halted, speechless and confounded. The chief warder looked over tho governor's shoulder, and he also seemed very much surprised. No. 222 hod risen on the entry of the gov ernor, and stood to attention, with his hinds at his sides. His countenance exhibited on air of mild concern, merging in pity. In tho middle of uio cell, tho warder slept seronely on his head. " In heaven's name, what is this r" the gov ernor exclaimed at length, and he mado a lunge with his cane at the inverted figuro of the warder. " Mr. Smith on his head, sir. Would stand that way when he heard you coming, sir," responded No. 222. "Get up! Atten-tion! Stand on your right end! Is this a .-- skittle alley?'! roared the governor, but the warder's ear was accessible only to the voioe of the prisoner. "What-you won't!" and the governor struck him fiercely two or three times with his cane ; but the warder was insensible to every shock. No. 222, who alone had control of the warder's abnormal consciousness, now silently, exerted his will; and the warder at once re sumed an upright posture, and his senses awoko. Of the situation of the previous moment be knew nothing; and seeing the governor he concluded that he had just en tered the cell, and tainted him in the usual manner. "Followme, eir," said the governor with, suppressed fury, and the warder went , out after him, perceiving that something was umi**, but being quite without u cluo to the Fituntion. The next day it was whispered in every, ward of tho prison that No. 222 had worked another miracle, and that Warder Smith had lost his office. Vet wonders did not ceaao, and tlioro was no .aso for the warders. A subtle, iuiponderablo force, to which no material barriers could ba opposed, issued from the coll of N». 222, and passed silently, swiftly, invisibly, into tho colls of other prisoners, creating the strangest effects upon the occupants. Somo were troubled with distressing dreams; some spoke of snakes, caterpillars, and lobsters in their beds; and not a fow saw tho disombodicd spirits of persons to whom they had owed mcnoy. A great number became suddenly deaf, dumb, or incapable of movement whou at work in tho daytimo, and remained so until tho magical influence which seemed to surround and overpower them was removed. Ouu man was fined 200 marks for saying that chocolato and cold quail would be a wholesoino substitute for bread and cboese on Sunday, aud another was put on bread and water for a week for complaining to the gov ernor that ho caw blua flames ploying about tho head of tho apothecary.. Formerly, nono but the officers of tho ij.iol had been subjected to these extravagant experi ences ; b it now tho prisoners and their officers were victimised together, and about one-half of tho population seemed to have run clean mad. Tho persons who wcro afllietcd in theso peculiar ways were .such, an had rendered themselves burdensome to the mild-mannered 222-;warders wliono treatment of him was tiioro zealous than tender; prisoners wliont Ka could not enduro because of their extreme ugliness.; ookjIcb of tho priMon who. baked, boiled,, or, roasted "the, rations' in a slovenly manner ; and all those whoso crimes (whioh: he had secretly learned) seemed to cull for a weightier punishment than thac prescribed by law. t: No. 222, in a word, was rapidly acquiring oomplete ascendency over the volitions, sensa tions, perceptions, memory, and imagination of all in the prison on whom ho' chose to cast the resistless spell of his irlance. It should here bo stated that the doctor-of the prison was absent on Bick leave, an orderly of the medical department having adminis tered poison to him in a moment of annoy ance. . The doctor's place had been taken by a young and futile man from a London hospital, who distributed pills on a principle of his own, and gave cough mixture to a priaoncr who complained of the gout. saw nothing in the madness of No. 222*8 innumerable victims which' bould not bb oared with the assistance of the warder who was usually appointed to ut th© warders, one and all, began to be horribly-frightened. It had been their endea vour hitherto to hood wink the governor touch ing the supposed origin of. the strange and woeful visitations, but in this they had not been entirely successful; for the reason that some of the cues which had to be brought before him were so unparalleled in the record of prison delinquencies that his worship began to be sus picious,. and some searching and awkward questions were the result. Now, however, the officers decided that the time had come when tho'governor should be put in possession of such facta as they knew, and the chief- warder and the second warder were deputed a deputation to wait upon him. They, had an interview with the governor, and put him in possession of the facts. But there was really only one fact, and it amounted to this, that extraordinary things had happened and were happening in the prison./ The rest was conjecture, and the conjecture of the chief warders and his subor dinates reduced itself to this, that, in some way pr other which they could not explain, prisoner No, 222 was accountable for everything that had arisen to disturb the peace of the gaol. The governor said this was odd, for the warders had been compelled to admit that, so far as his owia conduct was concerned, No. 222 was an exemplary prisoner. But the governor perceived:from the statements told to hi"* that the credit, if not salvation, of the gaol was at . stake; so ho swore once or twice to clear his mind, and having finished swearing,- he ordered the prisoner to be brought to him. In tho: same breath he countermanded the order, swore again to show - that he knew what he was about, and said, he would see the pri soner in his cell. He was conducted thither at once, and went in alone. JJNo. 222, in accordance with his regular habit; was spending the half-hour befora bed- i time in a little quiet meditation, and had just been speculating as to the simplest and least troublesome method by which he might effect; his ©scape,- for the monotony of an unprofitable j confinement began to be irksome to him. . He read the purport of the governor's visit in his face, ana readily divined the causes to which it was owing: the warders had sent the governor, to interrogate and intimidate him. What then? ."Pooh! " said tho prisoner to hirasolk* "Pooh!" 44 You are accused of creating disturbances in the prison," said the'govornoc, and went on to lay his "charge. While he spoke'the prisoner's eyo was engaged in a quiet but rigorous scrutiny of the governor's features, and such points in his oharacter as discovered themselves there were quickly noted. "Pooh!" theprisonor saidt)himself once more, for he had satisfied himself that the governor also was susceptible.. j Tho governor finished his harangue, and ' swore once or twice to show that he meant what he said. He was a man who did not swear except upon occasion. " I .am going to take you in hand, my man ! " said the governor, at the conclusion of his charge. V " And I/you, my man!" responded the prisoner, in'dulcet but penetrating tones. . The; governor's first thought'was .that he had ~a madman to deal with, and his hand went behind him in an instinctive Bearch for thodoor. ' "Remain where you are," said the.prisoner, observing the governor's movemont. I will show you the door by-and« by." The governor, who was a'bulky. man and full of blood, brimsonod from one ear to ths other, and his throat and tho bald spaco on Ins head grew red as well. There was a rattling in his thmat, amV then he: v v ; " Do you know that I cau have you flogged to the bouo for this, priwner?"- . " Yen, yes j.'but wo will not talk of . that. You and I aro going to be excellent friends," said No.-222. " Do you.know'who I am p" TJie governor's eyo-ball* were red how, and he was just able to articulate. 4 * . . ^Perfectly. But do you know who you aro?. Come now, teU"me your hamo." Tho governor made ah; effort to shout for as sistance, but his tongue clavc to his palate, aud ho oould not get speech. , . Tell' mo .your name," said; the prisoner soothingly, nnJ iis hu spuko ho waved both hands gently before the governor's face. : . ' -" I am Major George Alexander Fordyce. .1 will,haveT you flogged to ; doatb," responded tho governor. . ; . .,....-/ "AVby will you talk of flagging said Ivo, 222,.with a 6mile. -/.'Lot us lcavo all .that.. Wo must bo.pleasant. I liko your name, but suppose I give .you: another.' Tut, tut! you must not ylaro at mo like that. I will make you call yourself by whatever name I tthoo.-se." Ho made another pass over tho governor s faco, and tho fury vanished from it, but a dull and sullen look came'in its place. _ Sit .down, hero. upon this bucket, while I think of another name for you. So .;-for the governor's urisclos had tugged him down, lougli ho resisted with tho wholo forco of lus will.! *? Now let me think. I must give you'a name which shall bo quite, absurd and mean ingleBs. It will bo such fun, you know;. and you shall accept it delightedly. See now,' TlT call you Tickletoby the Tenth. Isn't it fun'?. Now, once more, what is your name . The governor sat silent upon the bucket, but, ®n. expression. the most piteous imaginable overspread his features. . . 44 What is your namo?" repeated.the pri-' fioner. . . : " Don't !" pleaded the governor. f'Anyri'ame but that! It is so very, very foolishl"' a/ -. tl Your name, sir, your name IV'saidthe in exorable prisoner. . . ' / .! 11 Tick -No, no, please! Any, name in the world but that!" " Resist me further, and I will dissolve von where you sit. . Now, for tho last time, your name." , . ' *. Tickle-to-by tho-the Tenth," mur mured the governor, from whose lips tho foolish words wero wrung by the sheer will I power of tho prisoner.., ''"-'J-t. Two passes more, and. the .governor 'smiled on him, and pronounced the.name quite cheer-; fully.. .J; : :y "Good!" exclaimed No. 222. "I told you. we should be excellent friends. One word more and I have done with. you. _ You are my slave at present, hut in five miuutes" I shall be yours. Wc are very friendly now, and I insist' that you remain my friend in your waking state. Do you understand mo?. I will it to be 60." V : " i " I shall certainly remain your'friend," :re. | plied the governor in a tone of the most ! em phatic willingness. : ' "Verygood. Get off .the .buoket... I cai't have you sitting there when you.find yourself in authority again, for you look very ridiculous, and would wondor what had been happening.*^ The governor rose smiling, and the moment he Blood on his feet he was the same man who had entered tho cell twenty minutes earlier. No.- 222 was in a deferential attitude before him, and had, as the governor imagined, just concluded a statement which made it clear that he had been maliciously accused. His feeling towards the prisoner was kindly, , and when No. 222 asked some slight favour of him, he granted it, and wished him a good night. No. 222 went to bed and slept tranquilly. The next day he decided finally that he would quit tho prison, for, despite the conquests ! he had mado within its walls, he. was very ! tired-of it. In no long time he had evolved and shaped his plan. . ? _r It was an adroit, and even a brilliant, .plan.' It fascinated the author himself. . Two whdle days he dwelt upon .it, pored over it, toyed with it, and hugged it to himself; for "the cunning of it flattered his vanity ^ He felt a" scientific interest in it, .apart _.from all question of its probable or possible issue, for this plan involved the submission of his powers to * great and decisive test.-> . 1*. ;. . r Briefly, it was this: he was toseourehis release from prison without the lifting of a finger or the utterance of a syllable in his own behalf. Did such achievement lie within the compass of human skill ? . ., At. this time . there, was residing in well appointed chambers in .Cork street. Piccadilly, a young man favourably known to the best society as the Hon. Alan Bede Fitzgibbon. Ho was a well-bred and gracious young man, j for whom family connections, transparent pen manship, and an unusual reverence, for., the Constitution had combined to procure the. post of junior assistant secretary to the Secretary of State for the Home Department. . One evening, some three or four days after No. 222 had resolved on obtaining his: free-^ dom, this young man ^dressed. Jhimself^ for a ball, and entered tho cab which was to take him to the house of his entertainer in Ken-/ aington. . V h -1 It was late, and the night was cloudy ; nnd as the cab passed through a dim and.half deserted square in tho neighbourhood.of ^the park, there , appeared suddenly -to the startled . ! vision of FitzGibbon, mirrored and flaming in space right ahead of him, tins brief surprising legend Professor Johu M'Gibbon,. No. i'22in H.M. prison at , . - Wrongfully Convicted. - .The words hung before him in space for some five or six seconds, and melted into the dark ness.. In five or six seconds mora they re appeared, burned in the air level with his gaze for about the same brief period, and, again vanished. But by this time they had impressed themselves upon his brain. - :All that night, at intervals, the freakish words continued to assail him. They pricked his brain, made onset ut his ear, nud multiplied themselves in a thousand shapes and colours before his oyes; He had no joy at all that night, of woman, or of wino-cup, or of valse. He quitted the ball, and called a cab to drive him home. Thoro was tho logend still, painted - in qui vering yellow .letters upon tho curtain of tho nights. Alan wont to bed liko ono in a night maro ;: for tho thing had no sensible import for him ; ho could not pick the-.ghost of a meaning out of thoso dubious words. When he awoke tiiey: wero still before him 1 j Professor .Tolm 5I'Gihl»bn. ; . No. -J ui 1I.M. Prison uf. --, Wrougfully.Convicted. And now appeared for the first tiuio four new words, in tho form of a postcript. ? He must be released.1 (l Th^ devil he must!" .slid Alan, and fell to thinking. Who is Professor John M'Gibbon, and why did they convict him wrongfully, and what in the nauio of Mesmer j has it to do with mo ? " " Mesnicr!. No sooner had ho said this word than his ml'ml bewail to be faintly illumined. Ho thought tigiiiu, ami having thought awhile ho remembered somewhat. ' .7ohn M'Gibbi'ii, eivlu'hilo pn>fos<br, .was tho name of tliu famous mesmerist, who, during n little summer of renown, hail startled ! the town hj his performances'. ; He had 'once, ati an evening party inBelgravia, mesmerised .Alan himself, ' with unequivocal Buccess. He recalled, the.professor's words on that occasion^, li Ibclieve that I could do;anythingT pleased with you," the professor had said; and cer tainly he had. done;strange^.things with him that evening, Ho had,. on tho same occasion,'' mesmerised .the .Home,-Secretary,^ and 'made him declare that his'watch was a baited potato, ihu?h to the annoyance of the Prime -Minister, who ;was of the company. ; ; '? : .) ?tttl cogitating^ Alan; next bethought him how themeteoric career of the professor had been: miserably cut short and blighted bv a certain; sensational ^triaVat the Old Bailey, in: which the professor himself had occupied a .position in tfce' dock. The jury returned a' verdict of gnilty.. without, quitting the box, and the judge had passed a ; heavy sentence, aB . the public, had said that mesmerism should be putdown.'' .. ^itzgibbon was an assiduous youth when his interest, was aroused, and ho now set to work to find and "read th^ reports of the trial, together, with the comments of the newspapers upon it. , When he had finished his study of tfip lease, he; could not but agree with the .^vriter of a leading article in a morning journal, who expressed lus opinion that: the verdict against MfGibbon had been obtained less upon .the evidence offered to the court than upon the 6peech pf the. prosecuting counsel, who had made himself painfuliy jocular at the expense of the occult arts and their exponents. ; ., "What1 was to bo done now ? . ..^Vaiting upon .the Home Secretary the same morning in the ordinary course of his duties, he;found that trusty and well-beloved servant of .the Queen in a distraught -and nervous con dition. -The Ho ne Secretary - complained that he had been plagued during two nights by dreams abouta person called. John JUC'Gribbon, who said ,that he", had been; wrongfully im prisoned, and must be released at once. ~ . The private secretary turned pale-and re plietl, " This is;ver£remarkable, sir, for I also have been troubled with visions about the same man." ' Then," said- the ;Home Secretary, in evi dent ' uneasiness, '' this must be the person calling himself a "professor; who played such impertinent tricks with me at.Lady F-'s one night, making mofiis I was afterwards told,. deolarotoavery^ distinguished company that my;watch was a baked potato." ^ It must be .he," sir/'rcplied Fifczgibbon, "; and he did veiy extraordinary things with me;the same eveningl"v-': -"'... * '? TS^atis he in'pp^n for? "-'inquired the Home Secretary. V.J-? ?' ' Alan told the'^story to liis-chief as hehad read it that morning)-and emphasised the weak points he had. "discovered in the case "lor the prosecution. '.- * : '' I havo it on my mind;"' raid the Horn* Secretaryf; * f that unless; this "person is released from prison lie "will "do" sbmetWhsr sinsrularlv -unpleasiant."' i: : ,v . J : . r; *« Th°fe is no doubt that he is a man of pre ternatural abilities," replied Alan.: " He is capable, almost of-bringing-about a change Of Government," said the Home Secre .tary, nervously drawing a-ghost on his blot . ting-pad.'' * ' ''* - ; " ,-i:-"He; mighty .irideed,:effect oiirremoval, :Bir," ^id the youhg!manVv - . . *.i VHeinightbnrig-bn a; revolution of some sort," said the Home 'Secretary.: rJj- " Ibelieve he could do anything he pleased," saidFitegibbon.' ' s - ..-a ; The Home Secretary: without further words took a sheet of paper.1- and; began to write a letter'in a tremulous -way.' J ~ : ; v , fnYhat arb;you: doing,[; sir ?"'~Fitzgibbon .ventiired'to'inquire. ;1 ^ : v "I cannot'help ; it, ^Fitzgibbon;" answered his chief, veiy nervously J: and'writing as hard as''he could% " Something controls and impels me.;; I am>nofc master of thyself.- This man must .be a Tehementr*and unmitigated villain ; J know he must,'and yet T am moved to write that, having fully inquired . into' the circum staxices of his trial; and^conviction, it has been vborne in up^ii my mind that he is the victim of a desperate'and dastardly conspiracy. There r-don't; interrupt me.r I feel sure that they were all in league against him. The judge was his enemy, the jury'was packed, the counsel was'a mere scoundrel. '; Oh,- to think that jus tice should be so perverted iii a country like ours j But he;^dl be released, though I lose ofHeeforit." > .; ~ - And the Home Secretary, {a phlegmatic and sceptical man at most times), who. now wore ihe air of a person suddenly and completely possessed, fiuushed his letter with an effort aricl addressed the envelope to u Tho governor of II. if. Prisou at -- " Alan," he said then, with foroed jocu larity, " I am going to give you- an afternoon in the country. Thes^ foolish events have upset you; you want a breath of fresh air, my boy. Take this letter and travel down by the afternoon's express,' and give it into the governor's own hands." His mnnner changed, and ho added sadly: "This is a most deplor able business, but I feel that I sh'iil not rest till it is settled. Let me see you tho moment von return." That afternoon, a* ho sat in the prison work shop diligently stitching waistcoats, a strange caltu stole over the spirit of-prisoner No. 222. and in the samn momeut he kuew that his will had triumphed, and , that his hour of release was at hand. j Late that night Alan arrived at the prison i and domauded to see the governor on business j of tho 'Home Secretary., He. was shown at once into the governor's presence, and gave j him tho letter that he bore. I The governor read: it ani -looked surprised, i but said that he wasnot sorry. 1 The next day Nc. 222 was a free Lii'E At Ssa5U>k.-Mr. S.: . If I utu net at homo by 12 o'clock, do not ba anxious." ^frs. S.: u And ii I am not hfie when you return, : dour, you needn't- worry." i 3)j:OWSI.\\*I^s, biliousness, pains and aches, aiul ngtte. Hoy Bitters always euros if made by Dr. Soule's American Co. Koad.-[Auyt.J 