FRIDAY, DECEMIBEIR 2, 1SS7. The travelling agent of the British and Foreign Bihle: Society" the iRev.:'a. V1. Robinson, M.A, ivsilrlive an addressnat. thetl Vietnria Hall on Monday evening next, when the annual general meeting of the Gippsland Auxiliary will take place. The proceedings wrill be very jinteresting anl our 'readlers Will'ohservc from the advertfe meet of'the meeting, that the: conmmitteE have arranged everything to make the even ing an attractive one. lr IRobinson will ad-. dress the united Sunday schools on Sunday next at 3 o'clock, in the Presbyterian Church, Thei Commissioner of Custonls, ncting.en. "tr-Sa-llBe-K t's report, has decided to re erve'.for'fish-breeding pnrposea tli intl&t; to the Gippoland Lakes, from nia line drawn between Tambho Bluff antd Hledrick's Point. on Boole Boole Island to the begingiin, of the Reeves river, below Rigby Island. This prohibition, says the !' Herald," will be for the mouths of December, Januiary, and lci. nary in'each year, and iill apply also from Thursdaynight to Sunday morning of each year. : : The following ghost story comes fromn a correspinlentat Stratford, who r?y-s:-It is not often: our, lick,f in this nineteemnth century, to lie able to relate a veritabl! ghost story, and still narer is.it, for us, to have the ghost in our own neighbourhood ; but on this occasion we have not only had the -host, but he, or, in this instance, she has ?een in lose proximity to us. The visi tation took place at the vicarage in Stratford the other night, at the witching hoIr of midnight, when dogs howl, and policemen sleep. The family were disturbed by the barking of their dogs, and alter listening attentively for a few moments, a woman's voice was distinctly heard. To add to . the midnight horrors, the echurch hell liegail to toll. This was too imuch for human inature to.stand,-and a sortie was made, whcen-- nlas for the credulity, of the senses, the female voice was foundl to be only that a domestic cat; which was pereched on the top of.the the bell tower;andl tli?ilo?s"t)i?ig to get at her, jumped on the bhell rope and thus created the timitimiabulatioi.it Sol hlire is a ghost, most provokingly weird, aind mi n posed of a cat, a dog, andl a bell. The following-circular •has heen;issued ity the Bishop of ,lhllioirite " Bishop'e-court Mfellouriie,' 2Sth Ndve-nber, :.187.-Con aidering the close connection iiy"!arriage whic has snisisted for many yearsbletween the Crowii Prince' bf Germaiy antl the Royal Family, the Bishop of Melbourne suggests to the clergy of, his diocese that they shoull invite their coneregations' to join'in prayer in behalf ooftlient'rown" Primice in his present serious illness.' The bishop suggestsa that the name of the Crown Prince should be mentioned in the usual place provided in the prayer. for all conditions of amen, anl that the tlay on whicihsuch special prayer" houldl ,he offered~lr'hall be'.;Sunday'. next, 4th December.-F. F. Mr.tnorany.'.i " Mr Edward Price, the business manager of. the --Fisk Jubilee Singers- company, has arriveld in Sale, to arrange for concerta"~ oni 'Moniday ai d Tuesday weekc A preliminary 'advertisement appears iL our issue of to- day, and full particulars are promised in duo course.' 'The 'cmpany tre sure of a cordial welcome to Gippsland, where there are many who have long wished to hear the jubilee singers, of whom they have read.st many, and - so fauvourable Our Catholic friends , at M\orwell and :Walldala will ohserve by a:notification whicli appears in another coluinei, that His Lord-. ship the Bishop of S?le?vrill preach" and ieJ minister the sacrament of confirniatiofi at the first.namoedltown on Sunday the 18th inst., and at WValhalia on Sunday, the Sth January ' 18S8. 'L. In the list of successful icali didalits ut the late Uunivarsityexamin-atiofiia a'ore pleased to notic thenat f 3'r nThomas Murphy, s , of Mir ,L.f.Murphy; bfSalto who has passed in the fourth year of medicine. As far as we cad uonde'rstand, Mr T. 'Murphy, who is studying at St- Xsvier'saCollege, has passed suaaeofally through, every examnina tioni which hte I?is"blien called upon to?'n dergo.. A cricket match will be played osn ,atur ' day between Sale C. C. and 15 of the Trades and Juniors clubs combined, to cominence at 2.30 sharp. ?The Sale team will be chosen from the following :--Allam,' Gooch, Sillett, Jamnieson, Stewart, Scott,' Fairbuirn, .Ware, Worlley., Watson, Eliwy," Treloar junr., Juckes, and Reece. '""' 