THE GOLDEN HOPE. A BOMANCE OF THE DEEP. : '.I.dreamt a dream. that w» not all a dream.' / . . Bi W Ot/Ai.K Russell. Chapter XXIX —The Truth. The island stood plain in the powerful lens of the glass. ' The tremble of tbe surf at the base was visible, a thin white throbbing vein that gave the island the appearance of: a mirage by the surf's suggestion of clear space betwixt the Bhore and the sea. It was still blue iu the blue atmosphere, with a fibrine fringing of trees in places ; and the two hills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north- weatern point of the land with the eastern curve, made its resemblance to a camel standing to its belly in the water, with its head under, as startling iu its queer accu racy as a face in the fire or some wild likeness in a clo id. The moment Fortescue had it full, a swimming and a iaintness chilled his brain ; he Bhut hie eyes, but, with less effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afreah. As the lineaments of the land came out tremulous upouthe azure, an overwhelm ing emotion of awe and dread and wonder possessed him, THERErwas the island of his vision ? What agency bet the hand of God had painted in its complete colours npon the eye of his slumbering bouI that little space of- land yonder than had been- unknown to him as any valley, grove, or mountain top in the brightest of the planets 1 It waa like being brought close to the spirit of God to behold that manifestation of His holy guiding : to survey in its realisation- the gleaming visionary object he bad marked the darling of his heart appealing to him- from. Hud there been nothing of human tenderness, of human grief, of haman yearning and passion ia this revelation, there would have been too much of mystery, of high sapernaturalismia it for the mind of Fortescue to support in his tbea state of health. But there waa Agatha to think of. The motive, the issue of the voyage, became an absorbing thought, re moving him from the perils of t.he great awe which the profouDder sense of this act of Divine disclosure would have begotten iu him. Was aha on the island? Would she be living or dead ? ' Dear God I' he cried in his heart, and his eye turned blind against the -glass- as hia soul came to his lips in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island tbey took a cast of the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boats was got over and towed astern, and the stunsails taken in. A gaze as searching ana intent ae ever shipwrecked mariners levelled from rock to rigging at the Bea was fixed by the crew of the Golden Hope upon the island ; but not to their naked eyes nor yet to the gl.saea which Hiram and Stone directed at the laud was there visible the least sign of anyone being alive there. No smoke roBe to the wind, no rag nor signal fluttered. Iu the glorious morning sunshine veering northerly, each small eminence threw itB bine-black Bhadow south -west; off'the surface of cocoannt treea rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluctuating iridescence of oil and water, as the breeze trembled in the foliage, and the setting ot the little island in the pureazure, of the deep, vivid and beautiful ae it waB with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of bush, of long graaa, of Bward-like slopes, of the Bhadows of acclivities, of the chequered brightness of coral'sand, was accentuated in a manner that from the distance of the schooner gave the picture a gem-like emerald lovelineas by the heaping of the white surf along the windward length of it, a boiling of breakers that had the dazze of a masB of drifted snow. Now that the island waa made one saw the relief in Hiram and Stone. The correctness of the captain's navigation on the one Bide, the vindication of the mate's solemn state ment on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors that no wonder nor doubts as to what waa next to happen could at all impair. 1 We've done what we waB asked to do, what wbb expected of us. Bill,' Hiram said ; and that one or t'other of ue is one by twenty or thirty miles means nothen, seem' as there i A- <a craninKi r. aliaorl aa ?f arohar? hoon warnfln to it" from the other side of the airtb. But consider — only consider — if we'd ha' passed it out o' sight from yon masthead ! We might have fonnd it by crnisin' about — and we mightn't— and if we hadn't, you'd ha' been thought a liar, and I'd ha' been thought incapable of traly navigating a craft. Tnere'd been rows art-?, a.')- ?- reg'iar ,bloomio' muddle, whilst ; to Hr: ' and be nodded towards Fortescue with : n oxir&vagac;? ihrcg of the shoulder. But if the fee!ir.g ot relief and grsti3cr.iion was lively and lasting, it was eooa jacor-.i:- nated for, the time to aw iutoonA .jwfectiy ; narnral curiosity to whether clergy- : ' niStLf dream -. was- wrm; pietm, -- .nfirmi - -S' --u-.-;--'.'. ; or whether the island, b> -.t- Uctoi..: c-:. -a ! to convert the p'ioi voyage into — . pic-ce oi wild, worthless, inter superstition. As t-iro spot of land drew mora and ruor-i vr.hiu th-- scope of the eyes firo-i upea it, ' be crev? assembled in th bow«, ai-u a-..- .la.nr-b;;- for orders, whisix.'f-: r.tm<og tiwK.'-lH-i, The cheer they had given was not one th, wouiu have repeated in tbeir present mnod. It was true the island lay solid and surf-beaten— an actual fact that the most nervou-ly imagi native eye could not convert tnio a fantasy ; but it was something that had been seon thousands of miles off in a vision, and there fore to be viewed with awe and superstitious creeping, as old Breeches implied, when, giving his tronsers a drag up and Bpitting over the side, ' There's nothing in it that's onnatnral. I've seen the likes of such isleyand a scores of times; but I don't mind ownin' that I wouldn't take the walue of a gentleman's honse ashore, to sleep alone for one night on it. If ye was to tell me I'd see a ghost I'd go ; if ye waB to tell me tbe devil was iu hidin' there I'd go. There's nothing as I could feel cocksure on as 'ud stop me. But when there's no one to say what a man might see, or what might happen to him, swalier my eyeballs, Micky, if a chap's to be called afeerd for keapin' to windward of the moonshine in Bitch a quarter.' Of coarse, the dofc took the same view ; and through tbe atmosphere of such talk as thie the ignorant, superstitious, but hearty, lively Bailors watched the island growing After Fortescue had satisfied him self that there was nothing to be seen on shore indica tive of the presence of haman beings, he stood watching and waiting without Bpeech ; but nobody conld have glanced at him without witnessing the formidable conflict of emotions that was being waged within him. Formidable as it was, and the more so yet, because even his own intelligence, tbinkiDg amid that central calm, which lixe the vortex of the cv clone is to be found at tbe heart of tbe wildest haman agitation, might fearfully fancy that whether tbe victor) Bhoutd be his fear'B or his hope's such was the intensity of his mental tumult hia brain at the issue would stand in dire peril And indeed it wonld have been enough to derange the etontesc mind to behold the island that had been as visionary as a dream at Wyloe— Bteadfast, green and shining npon the sea under tbe schooner's jibboom ; the eame in outline, tint, vegetation !— the same in the awarmingof thegiddy froth aloog its margin ! — the same in it- fringing and clustering of trees and bush !— the same in minute details converging to the inexpressibly real and yet phantasmal aspect it bore when it dimly but discernibly formed a back ground for the impassioned, despairful pleading figure o Agatha, stretching out her arms t-> him, from the shelving beach beyond the surf, across the fierv leagues of Indian water. Was she there? Was it possible, after nine months, that she should be living, and there, amidst this tremendous solitude of ocean that gathered a terrible emphasis from the very beanty of tbe lonely islet? At which : thought regularly' recurring a shudder wonld pass through him that wrench-.d him aa a. convulsion, and again and again both S-one and Hiram marked bim smear with his handkerchief the sweat off hia forehead, ignorant that he did so, and consoions of nothing but the rending thought — Shovrd.he find his Love? Tbe schooner swept onwards ; tbe island was now within a mile and a half ; another cast of the lead was had, and by the time the lead was coiled down the roar of the Barf was a distinct hollow moaningiin the wind. Hiram took a fresh look at tbe land through the glass and shook bis head at Rone ; then sent his orders along the deck in a voice tremulous with excitement. ' Hands by the weather topsail brace ! Down sqnareBail ! Haul the tack of the maine'l up I Down helm I' And amid a hurrying of figures and a song or two the Golden Hope was brought to the wind, and lay hove to, rolling lightly npon the swell, a mile from the island. Mr. Forteocue, will you come along with me, sir, or would ycu rather remain here ?' eaid Stono, softly. Tbe curate Btarted as, from a trance, and stared qt the old snilor'before replying. It was then that his resolation, which any man uiignc naw sworu ne aa wanting in at that moment, came to hiui in a flash, and possessed biarae though some marvellous draught had transformed nerve into steel and mind into iron will. ' Why, with you, Mr. Stone : How else ? Are you ready T ' All ready, Bir; but I'd humbly represent that if she — if the lady — or putting it in this way : Suppose ' the old fellow wa3 stam mering ; but Fortescue glanced at him with a slight frown of surprise, and walked to the gangway. 'Jump into the boat two of you, my lads. Mr. Stone, you'll take an oar,' aung out Hiram. There seemed a sort of hamrimr haolr amnnc the men. In trath, at any other moment there would have beeu something to laugh at in the fellows who had collected near the caboose, elbowing one another and yet shoving close together and staring one past another; Duck, with a kind of grin that signified anything but mirth ; Anson, the cook, sulky and yellow ; Johnny Simpson, hiding in tbe rear ; Goldsmith, with obsti nate leathern jaws, slowly gnawing upon a junk of tobacco ; and so on. ' Now then, into the boat two of ye, d'ye hear ?' bawled Hiram afresh ;. on which Braeches, with a sour face and muttering in his growling crcakiog voice, ' Well, here goes for one. A dog must have two tails afore he feels too proud to obey hordars,' walked to the gangway, and waa. followed by young Joe Hall, la a few moments the boat was palling away towards the island. Fortescue in the stern sheets and old Stone working away as stroke, looking over hia shoulder to get the boat's head fair for the point it waa necessary to round! It wonld be hard'if no answer was ever re turned to the prayers which men in Buffering pat np to God. It is so natural to lift up the heart and the hand to Heaven when help, forgiveness, sclace, strength are needed that the instinct of intuition which prompts the- gesture and tbe whisper is one of the- profonndest assu rances we possess that the soul that rises with us is a Btar that ' comech from afar, and ' from God who is our home.' The Bndden strength, nerve,, power, let it be called what it will, that had communicated a e;nae of iron resolation to Fortescue's mind, enfeebled by a hundred distracting emotions, made dangerone by the dark shadow of the special supernatnraliam of the last moments of the outward passage, mnat have been an answer tohia appeal. He had prayed for strength to encounter what ever was soon to be proved to have lain hiddeu in the darkness behind the dream he had dreamt, and it had been granted him, and it was well he had it. It is a common thing to hear of expectation rising to agony ; but conceive what was felt by that marble- faced man, with hiB lips compreBBed to blood- lessness, his eyes Bcrntinising and burning, his arms tightly folded upon bis breast as though he would physically crueb down the tormenting and sickening bounding of his heart ; conceive his feelings as he eat looking towards the island, as the dull' thunder of the surf came rolling to hia ears over tbe long ocean swells, as no sign of human or sentient thing was visible to disturb to the eight tbe frightful and enormous loneliness of that little space of land swept by the sea breeze and shining verdant to the sun. V7by, it was enough to shake him to the very centre of hia being merely to know, by seeing the iBland itself, how vivid, beyond all possible capacity ol the mind's mechanism, unaided by direct revelation, was the vision be had beheld in his slumber at Wyloe- He wae measuring now the identical space of waterB he had Reen the boat that contained Agatha passing over was sne taere: Anna mat noning whiteneBB yonder tbe boat had gone to pieceB, and through chat same thunderous onrf she had been dragged by an heroic hand, and just beyond it she had kneeled, then rose, and yearned for him with extended arms and a face full of the inexpressible anguish of a hopeless spirit. He had seen it all, though the mere thought of the infinite leagues that separated him from the spot where this Bcene of flashing ocean, and pouring sun, and ver dant island had risen before his sealed eyeB wrenched him with the wonderfuineBR of it like a heart-shudder. Was she there ? Oh 1 surely the merciful God would not have led Uirn fVino -fas fnv nn nnrnnaa For sheer relief he turned hie eyeballs, aching from the strain of the _ intensely searching gaze he fixed npon the island, to the schooner — the beautiful schooner — the noble, staunch, auspiciously named Golden Hope ; and the clear reflection of her ap pearance came like a soothing greeting to him as for a moment or two he marked her swaying npon the floating heaving of tbe deep, with a little windy rushing of fingerlike ohadows over iisr white sails, and flashings in tbe l-ritaming blue liquid brows from the ?tr.rry redinnce kindled in her wet sides by ttic i'.onhme. and the bead of the crew iilip- icianised hy.dii: tance, looking at the rec-'-divig boat cvar tbe rail. Th-? lusupuUed steadily ; Stone very grave, with occ&siunol; aide squints at Fortescue, I iiiand.' '"L«vc.li?r9iav?LohlS5&g;,ie.r.2t ?.s I natnrs.! acmroeer of hia expression emphasised i by tbe drawn -town corners of hiB mouth, the nurvflf. whereof, as least on the right cheek, | were reu do longer by the dark stains of tohasec juise , sue young Joe Hall between, giving his BuppU. trunk a devil-may-care swing aa though be reckoned himself spe cially watched from the Bchooner and com mented upon. Silence wae maintained for some time. At last old Stone, bringing his eyes away from the land, and Btaring under twisted eyebrows past Fortescue at tbe sea, mattered with a deep Bigb or two — ' Hsigbo ! beigho I here it was, 'William, that I was that dry for. drink I whuld have swapped the mother that bore me for a quar ter of a pint of water. By the way, Mr. For- teacne, did you bring e'er a drop o' brandy along with yon ?' 'Yea, I have a fliBk in my pocket,' ans wered the elergyman. ' Well, I meant to have reminded yet of it, sir. It may be wanted — there's no knowing'. He tried to inspect the island. ' Make out any sign of life there. Bill ? See anything moving ?' 1 No,' responded BreecheB hoarsely ; ' an' onle8B it's them as Mr Forteacne seeks, we don't want to see nothen.' ' How long it H be, Mr. Stone, since them we've come to fetch has bin cast away ' asked Hall. ' Nine months, Joe, nine months,' re sponded Stone, with something of depreca tion in bis manner, evidently considering the qnestron mat apropos, and speaking with singular solemnity. Then, addressing Mr. Forteacne, ' If there's any persona aabore there, eir, they'll have to be behind them hnmpa. It's smooth water t'other aide, and it's rayeonable tbey Bbould settle to leeward for the convenience of goin' a fihing, not to mention living clear of tbe shindyi of that there eurf. Heasy, Bill. Let's get her bead ont more. Wby, this i a time of hexpect- tronan'no mistake ! Danno, after al', if it wouldn't have been a good idea to have fired a rocket or eo, not having a gun aboard, that the explosion aloft might bring anybody what's ashore down to tbe beach to have a look.' He combed tbe sweat from his face with one hand, rowine with tbe other, as be added, with a freBh eUnce at the island, ' It's enough to make the heart bast clear of it moorin's with anxiety to Bee them two bits o' hills stuck up there blottin'- out the view cno wants to get ,' and then observing that .the clergyman was absolutely incapable of conversation, the old fellow Bank into silence with a dim far-away expression in. his eyee that wonld have easily caused you to guess he waa thinking of hie own Bhipwreck in these waters. The white Burf boiled np the beach and rushed back in thunder. Seeing tbe vast resDlendent breaking of the fine weather breaker npon tbat coral shore, you might well have supposed that in storm the seas mast sweep in enow over the island. Giddy prismatic Bpoutings of throbbing water rose fountain-like against the nortbern point :when the arch of tbe land, by its peculiar 'configuration, completed that camel aspect that ha been again and again referred to. Every hue of growth and'verdure waa of sin gular tropical luxuriance ; gaining in depth and pnrity of dye with the approaching gaz-, whilst the sheen of the sunlight over all hung like a silver mist that gave the aky an appearance of quicksilver for many fathoms above tbe fringing of the treea and- the top of the little hills. Now, past the eurf a few sea-fowl could be seen waddling npon a gleaming slope ;. leBS than a score were on the wing, sailing, like the common gall, with archied neck and on tremonrless pinions. The eonnd of the breakers waB like a cease less cannonading ; the softened commingling of tbe detonations of small ordnance. ' Tbe creek's round that corner— -it'a smooth there. Full, lads !' cried Stone, with audden excitement The point, to which they had to give a widiah berth, Bince the surf came down to it thin, bat always dangerous, opened rapidly to the stroke of the oars, and revealed the lee ward part of the iBland descending verdanii and tender from the hillside to a broad strip of green level, whence went tbe Bea, bine and quiet. The creek - lay dear, Btrotching a hundred fathoms of radiant water into the Wd. Tu<j boat, heading for it, came biGAS side to the swell. "Z- t At this instant Fortescue leapt to his feet with & sort of scream. 'Look!' he shrieks, pointing over the bow, and he nttered a loud hrsterical laugh, . „ ' Sit down ! For God a sake Bit down, Bir ! roared Stone, ' or ye'li capsize the boat !' ' By rhuader, it's a Man !' cried Breeches. Stone grasped the clergyman, and forced him to sit, and whilst he Btill held him, looked towards the land, wnere, to the right of the creek, midway between its sea open ing and itB land limit, \ stood a tall human figure, with his hands banging motionless to hia side, hia dark face turned towards the boat, and the wiiole aapect of him so rigid that he might have passed for the wooden effigy of a shipwrecked Bailor, fixed by some irouical hand upon that lonely rock, _ to counterfeit the haman- agony of the living castaway. Fortescue satin the stern sheets, his handB gripping the gunwale bo' fiercely yon saw the veins standing up like whipcord under tne delicate skin, his face flashed to the brow, hie lipe parted, hie respiration short and oppressed, and with such a light in hia eyes that anyone might have sworn they had caught the febrile fire from madness. The Long sweep of the oars had brought the boat near enough to tbe month ot toe creek to enable him to distinguish the man's features, and it was another shock, too full of the Buperuaturalin its first impulse for joy, for him to witness in the lonely figure tne' very likeneBB of the man he had beheld in hie vision battling through the surf and bearing Agatha ashore. ' It is the boatswain of the Verulam,? he cried, so husMiy as to barely articulate ; at the same moment the boat entered the smooth water of the creek, and wae pre sently laid alongside the white Band on the right, that went up into grass and bush. Motionlessly, with hanging arms and burnt hollow face,, the man had been watch- ing them ; he now raised a strange cry of transport, which found a deriBive echo in the hoarse notea of tbe birds overhead, and made as if he wonld run towards the boat ; but God best knows - the emotions that wonld paralyse him at Bach a time ; be took a stride or two and fell headlong, and there lay, whilst Fortescue. Scone, and' BreecheB jumped out of the boat, leaving Hall in charge. E ' Has the Bight of us killed him ?' said Stone, in a trembling whisper, whilst Breeches cast a harried nervonB glance around. But ere they reached bim he had struggled to bis legs and stood erect before them. Father of mercy 1 what a figure I piteouaiy trembling from head to foot, his lipa moving but without utterance, tears coursing down hie cheek. A ragged seaman a jacket covered hia naked breast, and he wore a pair of canvas trousers in ahreda about the legs. This wae his attire. Hia black hair was as long as a woman's, and lay upon hia baok and shoulders in a matted mass. His face waa nearly of tbe complexion of chocolate with eanbnrn, and hia wHd, shipwrecked most lamentable appearance was completed by a long black beard and moustaches. And yet the tall figure, the fine physique, the manly looks of one who bad- been, and might yet again be a noble specimen of an English sailor, were visible throaga the tremors, the tears, the rags, the haggardneee of this casta way. Forteacne ran to him and grasped his hand. 'You were the boatswain of the Vernlam I1 he cried, ' We have come to save you.' Tbe man sank npon his knees, kissing tbe clergyman's hand. The Bpurofthe soathern- moet bill came down to tne sea a quarter oi a mile beyond; it waa all green growths to there, with some, cocanut trees on the bead that hid the land behind. Forteacne looked that way, then at the kneeling, weeping, trembling man, and tried to speak, but his voice failed him. On which Stone eaid, 1 Give me the brandy, sir,' and pouring out a dram, presented it to the man. He drank it, and Stone said, ' For God's sake collect) your energies. ' Tis a surprise to kill a man pretty nigh, as can't I reckon, havin' been myself cast away here, though not for nine months, as ye have. But it'e all right now ; get on your leg, mate, and tell us if c ere's more of ye- Tell ns,' he Baid, putting hia lips to the Kneeung man s ear, n caere oe more oi ye. The suapenBB of a lifetime may- be crowded into a minute ; think, then, of tbe agony of it ! The man tried to BDeak, struggled, and was helped on to hia feet by S-one, who held him ; and he pressed his bands to his temples as if bis bead would bust, whilst the rapt, eager gaze fixed npon him by the-two Beamen was in its way almost as passionately anxious as the eye which Forteacne regarded him with. ' Merciful Christ suddenly exclaimed the man in a hollow voice, ' to think you should have come ! It ie nine months yon say T ' For the love of God, shipmate, tell us ers yon alone?' crieu Stone, and Breeches echoed. 1 Aye, for God's sake tell ue !' ' No !' answered tbe man, frowning and grinning with the violence of bis efforts to steady his mind, and Btill trembling and wcepiuK , - lady— beyond there — come ! he yelled ; lets gee uer — thon tin off I — then be off I There's only ns two ! I'll carry her myeelt ! I bore her through the boiling outside to wind'ard. I saved her from a bloody villain ! Her life shall be owin' to me yet. Hoorah 1' Again be made as if to ran, and agiin fell ; but thiB time in a dead swoon, and there he lay. for all tbey could tell, a corpse ' Bill, keep by him. in case he. comes to exclaimed Stone. 1 Mr Fortescue, let's find the lady, sir. No good wastin' a minute of time mor'n can be helped.' The grass and bash grew plentifully, the former of an Indian kind, ao tail, harsh, and intertwined as to be Btabborn to the tbraeting of the leg. It was oppressively hoc, the glare of the snn coming down past the hil< brassy in a blaze ot light, on the verge of whose atmospherio circle the few clouds blowing tbat way melted. The sea went away from the incline of the bill in a surface of exquisite blue ; but tbe Bilence in the island was full of tbe thunder of the eternal snrge of the Indian Ocean breaking upon the windward Bhore. Wherever the coral Band stood bare to the eye, a dazz'e came off it almoat as of polished tin. Tne arrival of the boat or the movements of the men seemed to have quickened or alarmed :he birds into activity, for now many sea fowl — a sort of gannet chiefly, black and grey — wheeled im petuously overhead, flying out - to sea in sodden dartings, then returning, and raising Bound that were like a continnal sewing by a number of carpenters, every man working with a tool that yielded a different note. Yet through these cries and the sounde of the enrf conld yon hear the delicate moaning or sighing noise of the pleasant trade, wind blowing throngh tbe bnshee,. and .bending tbe long grass, and making whatever foliage the trees hang ont to it tremble their greenish Bheen aeainst the eame heavens till it was like an overflowing of Bilvery brightness from the leaves, very beautiful to behold. 'To think that I Bbould find myself here again !' exclaimed Stone, rather thinking aloud than addressing Fortescue. 1 Lord, what a lot a man goes through in this . here world !' Tbey reached the summit of the spur, and stood a moment looking. From tbe base of the shore incline, the ground, thick with undergrowth, bush and gras), went level to a similar slope of land th-at formed the spur or fall of the otber hil>. in the middle ot this fl tt, within ready observation, there stood a little structure, easily s»en to be formed of the trunks and bongbe of bushes, which had been stripped of all growths deemed 'super fluous, with an arched-shape roof- of boughs and the like interlaced, and the whole fairly covered with grass, plaited, and vellow with heat and decay. That wis all. It was just a little arbour. Something like it you will see in gardens where great bushes have, been hollowed into an apertnre yon have to stoop to enter. ' She's nowhere about— that'll be her shelter, sir ; you'll find her there, eaid Stone. In silence they approached the structure. Fortescue hardly breathed ; hi lips were bloodies ; he trembled almost as the man that fainted had ; when within a stone's throw of the honse be stopped. It wae evident the entrance, faced the sea or wa on the other side. This aide it w«a a blank wall of greenery cuoningly wreathed, and moving as an exhibition of patience in suffer ing and in hopelessness. The enrate grasped the old sailor by the arm. ' Mr. Stone.' he whispered with hi parched throat, 'if I should suddenly show myself the joy might craze her, you know. How. shall we ant ?'' 'Why, that thought's been in me all through,'- answered Stone. ' Suppose you Btand behind one of these here bashes— I'll peep in if she' there I'll speak to her and prepare ber. Bein' gruff and nautical, I can't npset. her — outside the mere notion of bein' saved— as a person better bred than me might.' Fortescue motioned to him to act aa he suggested. Stoas walked to the structure, and found tbe entrance of it facing tha sea. It wa a cone-ahaped slit rather than a door way. and b» had to stoop to peer in. The interior with- a green twilight, with the run in the north sending golden threads of light through, tha leafy roof and etde and where. v or ifteso fdtfktnl thrdade toacued tua ground they eeemed to spread and trembla into little poola of liquid gold. A quantity, of long grass lay thick upon the iloor ; it had been cut down by a troife, and had turned to the hue ol hay, aoc?" it waa aB coarse a» Straw, ' ! ; . In the right hand .coroef of the etrangejj arbmr-like structure, oa the right hand as you looked in at the door. there waa a heap of this grass, and upon it lay Agatha Fox ; ID : attire a scarecrow, with arms' naked ana white i breasts half concealed, unstoCBnged : feet, yet with remains- of female apparer swathing her, that is to say one. thing hidmft the rent in another.-" Think for yourseir ir - yon need a clearer picture. She' had been . nine montha cast away, and what she wore : when she was dragged ash re waB all she- had ! Stone stood a moment or two watching her Her hair, that was of a rich arid' lustrous auburn, and wonderfully _ abundant, hung.. with all the wildneaa of diahevelment from her head, and lay in a maai upon tbe floor,, albeit 8he had her cheek in her hand propped, on the elbow. The old Bailor looking, with. - hia heart in his throat, might have expected to find little more than a skeleton in jywomaa delicately nurtured that had been Immnred for nine months, tormented by thoughts in- - expressible, by suffering which could find no meaning in words ; yet in the ewift glances - 1 he stole he noticed on tbe contrary a round ness and fulness as of positive health indeed' in her face ; likewise a healthful fleshiness cf limb ; the delicate feet and . hands and arms were scarlet with sunburn ; but thedaca was pale and spirit-like, with a curious repose or immobility of beanty, heightened, one might suppose, into an aBpect rarely ssen beneath tbe stare by tbe disordered unheeded -glory of her hair, and by the rage upon ber : expressing and half-exposing the perfection iof female form, through tbe squalor that the ocean brings about ; not to be likened to what we know of the same thing ashore. She leaned her head upon her right arm, and with her left hand she looked to be trying to- gather up a pool of sunBhine that lay clo8" beside her. Tnere was a large turtle shell in one corner with water in it; and that com posed the furniture of the arbour — for Buch» it wae. She was intent upon gathering up' the pool of light, scooping at it, so to Bpeak, . with the sharp of her little hand, and laugh- ing to herself as often as she failed. : Stone coughed, and Btood full in the door way, with hia head bowed and hie head, bared he imagined she would Bcream out and spring to her feet, and he busily, re hearsed what to say to her; but instead; And- without moving any portion of her figure but y her- head, she stared at him with a little be- l wildered frown anu then— smiled. _ Stone tried to speak, but such was .hia < astonishment that the words etuok in _ his ( throat. It was not only this reception— the Bmile — the perfect tranquility of her manner that staggered bim ; he wae fascinated b? something he noticed— something discover able, but surely not interpretable by him — in. the expression of the purely soft, unstartled grey eyee she fixed npon him- Again he essayed to speak ; some rumbling .sounds escaped hi en ; once more she smiled with touching sweetness, and still preserving that smile, turned to the little flood of Bunshins and tried to gather it up. ' My God T cried the old seaman aloud recoiling into the open by a stride, with aa involuntary horrified toss of his head, ' she's lost ber mincL' . Ashe spoke, Fortescue gripped his arm, and, with hie other hand shading his eyes, . peered in through the entrance of the arbour. (lO.HR CONTINUED. 