For tlie Ladies, Round the Shops. ;; X.B.-All correspondence in conncotion_with this column can be addressed to *. Benm Trevethan," at the Tckgmph Newspaper Office, and our contributor undertakes to answer iul queries on these subjects, and obtain and forward . prices, patterns.^&c;^ , ^ 5 " f |6 ."* >. If?! I . iHNo-er L . X ? I PEOidSED lasTweek to give a^eScriptioh of some of the new winter clothing for infants and children, of which there is an endless variety. | For infants who are short-coated, and children from two to three years of age, there are to be had little undershirts of lamb's wool, in tricot or knitting', and also woven ones. These are beautifully soft and warm, are made with short sleeves, and have a ribbon round tlie neck, so that the vast can be drawn close so as to protect the chest. They can be had in white, blue, pink, or cardinal, and range in price from Is. each, according to size:-. There are aUo small petticoats in tricot" and knitting, with skirt and bodice mude in one; they are not expensive, and have the recommendation of being both light and warm, while the elastic/nature 'of the fabric, causes it to fit closely to the figure, and at the same time gives perfect freedomlof move--; tnent, to the limbs of children who wear them. 1 At Finney, Isles, and Co., I was shown little frocks, which were so charming that X must describe them. The skirt is made of close tricot, with a raised shell pattern upon jit. Thi9 pattern itfldne'iristripes about, 2 k inches -wide, separated by-i^ldin piece abouthalf-incK wide, Which gives the appearance of r*box pleats. TJp each plain stripe^ a ^bright coloured satin rij bon, ol-a^Smtrasting"sha&e; is Tun. 'The bodice and sleeves are also of tricot, trimmed to match, A broader ribbon is placed sash-wise round the hips. The models 6hown to me were of salmon pink wool, with maroon or pale blue ribbons; blue, withjwhite ribbons; and cream wool, with rj£by trimmings. * At thb same*-place I. had anl-o^portuhity-. of- inspecting. a couple of fancy' dresses, just completed for two small wearers at Townsrille. One was a "Folly" dress in pink, white, and silver. The skirt was composed of a deep kilted flounce of pink llama, surmounted by three rows of pointed tabs which reached to the waist. The tabs were alternately pink and white, each being edged with narrow silver tinsel braid, and having a bell at the tip. The "Folly" cap was cut ii* four pieces, two pink and two 'white, the. front and back ^po^rtions being pointed, somewhat ^fter tKeTfashion of the head-piece pf a collie cap, afr th? lower edge, and the upper parta "being prolonged and&owu; together so as to form a crest, tipped with bells. The trimming was of the same silver tinsel, aa on the dress. The fool's staff of silver foil was surmounted by the usual bauble and bells, in pink, white, and silver. The companion idress was a waterman's (or rather-water-girl's}/ dress, of fine white and pale^J blue;v.cash mere. The skirt was composed of stripes of jwhite and blue, placed perpendicularly, with a broad band of gold tinsel round the hem of the robe. A blouse bodice of white, with a 6ailor collar of blue, edged with gold, and a loose fcuilur knot of blue satmin front, a whitb'jsiraw esiilor hat and blue Titjbon, ^and - a gold boat * lio-k completed the co- stume. i J .i-.'-'ribed last week an elaborate tro?seau. cithv "Hibernia" uuderlinen, which I s'tw fit K-iwurds and Chapman's showrooms, and 1 must now mention a superb layerte ior an in fant, also on view at the same place. I give the number of each kind of garment provided, &.» it may be some guide to young mothers who intend the necessary preparations themselves. This layette contained 6 cambric shirts, 3"^lannel. rollers,*~6 nightgowns," 6 monthly gowns, G robes, 1 christening robe, 3 day and 3 night flannels.T1 flannel head square, embroidered in white silk, and an^exquisitely embroidered outdoor cloak of white cashmere, edged with deep Breton lace. All the other requisites, such as bassinette, toilet basket, &c.;, were prepared also, ready for use. To attempt any detailed description would be impossible in the space at my command. Suffice to say that the finest cambric and the richest lace embroidery, &c.;, were employed, while the needlework (hand) was- of the most perfect description. Of course this layette was a most costly one, but complete outfits of well made but less elaborately trimmed garments can be had from about £5 upwards. Two- other novelties were shown me here. One the Ldngtxy."bustle of fine steels, arranged on hinges and springs so as to fold up when the wearer sits-down and to resume its shape and support the dress when required. The second novelty is an improved kind of braces for girls inclined to etoop. To a kind of stay* back with wide bones and laced up the centre are attached to the top two elastic bands for the arms to pass through and a web belt to go round the waist. There is no pressure on the mnscles anywhere, and the ban-l?} simply keep the chest expanded and the shoulders in. j A new style of mantle is the " Zens," which is half-fitting at the back, with a short box pleated basque; long ends in front, with facings and collar of plash or velvet. ; In hats, a new model is the "Gem," amodi fication of the usual sailor hat, being higher in the crown and narrower in the brim than the latter. . ' The new patterns for afternoon teacloths are extremely pretty and artistic. The corners have designs (chiefly fans and shields) in an applique of painted satin on oatmeal cloth, and the designs,which-run round the borders are intended to'1 be worked ia'.crewel silks. Those shown toihe at the "Kalizoic" would cost, whea finished, about lOs.yBut fcss expen sive cloths.canbe liacffor outlining in ingrain sewing cottons. jj I may here inform my readers that the secret of doing all embroidery on silk, satin, or velvet, so as to make it look really well, is to work it in a frame. This is the real reason why the shop work looks BO superior when finished. At Mre. Denny'o the work u all don? in frames, tho sathi, &c.;, beiug carefully strctched. For the smaller pieces hand frames are used; but for larger strips a frame, liko a table with tlio top removed, is_ employed.. Rounds tlie sides and ends strips "of stout linen or webbing are nailed, and to these 'tlio material'which is to be embroidered is tacked. Those who ?visited the Japanese Village when it was hero ! will remember that the Japanese used a similar j kind of frame. j At Lord and Co.'s I saw somo effective designs for table boarders and mantel drapes in' perforated felt The designs are punched out, andjifo worked in filosello wools, arrasene,. &c.;, the stitches used being the ordinary cross stitch or the Loviathian stitch. The latest musical novelty is the sym phonium. There is one now on view at the Queensland Music Warehouse, which is cer tainly a great temptation to lazy people to give up the labour of practising. This^ instrument is really a niusical-box, but with this difference -that it is not restricted to a certain number o! tunes. The music for the symphonium is stamped out upon circular steel plates about the size of a cheese plate; this is placed in the box, and the handle being turned, the selection -isbeautifully rendered. The symphonium can' be had in all sizes at prices ranging from o to SO guineas, and therft are over 2,000 plates (each containing a different air) to select from. As these can be had for 2s. each, the expense is not greater than that of a new: piece of pianoforte music. This clever invention practically removes the only objection to a musical box, namely, the monotonous repetition of the same airs over and over again. The purchase of suitable wedding or birth day gifts is often a puzzle to many. The former, I think, are always most acceptable when they take the form of really useful articles, and of these I shall mention a few I came across last week. The "Portfolio" basket, for cake or fruit, is a decided novelty. X saw one at Flavelle Brothers, in chased silver which was very handsome. "When closed it folds up quite flat, and looks like those large portfolios on stands, for holding drawings, engravings, &c.;, in a drawing-room. In this form it makes a handsome ornament for a side board. By touching a spring, however, it falls open, and by a clever arrangement forms a very pretty fruit basket. Another useful present would be either the small lump sugar basins and tongs (in case), or the sterling silver butter dish and knife, also in a case. Of the latter I saw a very pretty one in the form of a scallop shell. The latest mode of arranging a breakfast or luncheon table, is to place a small butter dish before each guest, or each pair of guests, the butter being arr nged in tiny balls or shells. For this purpose some of the tiny plates I saw at the same establishment are in perfect taste. On a tiny round silver plate, about 5 inches in diameter, rests a small dish of delicate porce-" lain in the willow pattern. The ones X saw were in dark and light blue. "With these plates was a tiny mason's trowel of silver, with a porcelain handle, also willow pattern. These charming little dishes are very inexpensive, and make a table look very inviting. At Snow's I 6aw some lovely salad bowls, one in peach-coloured Bohemian glass, with a raised design in gold, being especially handsome. Another one was quite novel in design. The bowl was of cream porcelain, with an artistic", design in seaweeds, both inside and oat; four lobsters in scarlet porcelain support the bowl in their claws, their tails spread out and resting on the table. They arc so well exoeuted that I hid almost written that they looko.l lifelike, but I remembered in time thatJi live :» is no!, tvd. The fork n;Ki. spo-jns have h..- fonru-i of the large chr.yf; of a lobster, in poroelain. The idea is at any rate appropriate for lobster salad. The' new biscuit caskets are also very pretty in'design;" they look when closed like a lady's reticule, and one which I saw was in the shape of a pair of clam shells. When open the casket forms a double dish with a handle across it. In these the biscuits, cake, dried fruits, &c; , are placed, and a cover of gold filagree work over* each compartment, prevents them from falling out when one is closing the casket. The Sevres and Dresden china, now on view at several establishments in Brisbane, ;s espe ciallv beautiful. I have not yet had time to examine it all, but some that I was shown at H. Li. Davis and Co.'s excited ray admiration. A large cpergne, Cupid supporting a large lotus, leaf and standing amongst an exquisite group of water lilies was altogether charming. A pretty ornament for a drawing-room is a pair of wall pockets of white porcelain in the design of a basket, across which trails a spray of'exquisite Marechal Neil rases. Some lovely 'flower "and fruit baskets in the same ware were ornamented with bunches of the Prussian lilac, the common lilac, the .maiden's blush rose, and other flowers copied from nature with that perfection only to'be'found in the work of the great factories of Dresden and Sevres. I.liave outrun my space, I fear, so I must reserve the rest of my jottings for next week, when I hope to give mention to several novelties, both useful and ornamental. BERXA. TBEVETHA.\\\ THOSE insane people who don white sheet* and frequent lonely spots with a view of mak ing a sensation, have been very quiet in Bris bane for a long time past, but once again, some .brainless individual is practising this most un manly and dangerous game. The particular spot used by this "calico ghost" is Upper Itoma street, and several people have been startled by a figure clad from head to toe in white, and with outstretched arms suddenly appearing from 10 to 12 yards ahead of them in Upper Roma street. It is somewhat dark at this spot, and the effect of such a sight on a ^delicate woman or child would be perhaps verv injurious. We would warn the idiot, who it thus enjoying his little joke, that should ho be caught whilst'' treading his ghostly haante," ho must be prepared to wrestle with one or two young men, whose friends have been frightened by him, and he will very likely havo to retiro from tho ghost business for a very considerable time after the said wrestling. 