TWO MAKItlAOM — o— chatter xxvii. GKoitniF, sat for n. long time motionloss on the edgo of hor bod, nnd tlion, at ' Inst completely worn ont with ! fatigue \ of mind and body, Alio fell , bnolc, . drossod as slio wus. in a laud of stunor. and tlioro romninod till tlio tardy wintor dawn bogan to creep in under tlio sliuttors ; and slio rose stiffly enough, unfastoned those sliuttors, nnd looked out upon a now view — tho hacks of ninny houses, and tho' scenery- nffordod by a fow square, walled in onclosuvos, callod by courtesy ' gar dens.' Ono of sucli lay just below her, boasting a round grass plot, a fow blackenod shrubs against tho walls, nnd a circumnavigating walk all round. Slio undressed and drossod, nnd was absolutely, low as sho was in lior'mind, shocked and appalled nt lior own ro- " flnnfimi in thn ndnca Hollow cliooko and sunken eyes nnd a pnlo, shrivollod-looking skin wero and could ho toloratod, hut about her mouth? Sho actually blusliod as sho lookod at tho marks of tlio blow. What degradation to liavo boon struck by a man, and sucli a man ! : All bolow hor lip was bruised dread fully, mid her under lip was painfully swollen. She would DO ashamed for anj'ono to soo lior, ovon Mary Todd. As sho was thinking of this modern Sapphira a knock and a rattling of toa-tliings announced that slio was on tho landing, nnd sho prosently ontorod, looking down and sullon. ' Any port in a storm. Sho must mako somo overtures to this young woman,' sho said to lior6olf, 1 if sho would ovor hopo to got away from this hateful houso. ' Luckily sho had a good sum of monoy sowod iiiHido tho body of hor dross. Suroly Mary Todd could he corrupted? 'Mary,' alio said at onco, 'I wonder tliat having known mo' so long, you could turn against mo for nothing, t . nnd make yoursolf my jailor in this way ! What liavo I ovor done to do- sorvo this at your hands ? ' Alary mndo no reply beyond a noisy setting out of tho sranll round tahlo in the sitting- room, then she knelt down with lior hack to lior mistross nnd began to light tlio firo. ' I will freely forgivo you evory- thing, Mary,' said that lady, coining and standing ovor hor, ' if you will help mo to got away.' 1 No answer. ' Will you oven promiso to post a lottor for mo, Mary ? ' 1 : 1 Ay o. I don't mind doing thnt,' without turning hor liond. / ' And you won't play, mo falso this timo ?. Oh ! Mary, you liavo doceivod mo so terribly already ; but I have no ono to roly on but you ! May I trust ' you ? ' imploringly. 'It is lifo or doatli to me ! ' ' Yes,' still poking away witlx oliips and matches, ' you may trust ino. When will your lotter ho roady ? ' 'In half-an- liour, or sooner. Tho quicker it goos tho bottor.' ' And what will I do if Mr Blaine catchos mo r ' Ho won't, ho can't. From what I ramombor of him ho is not up yot ; and, Mary, lator you must help mo to got away. Tlio wages lie gives you aro nothing — a hioro drop in tho ocean — to what you would gain by bofrionding mo. I suppose at tho most you mako twenty pounds a year. 'Aye, I've that,' smiling to liersolf, unseen by hor companion., ' I will ponsiou you for lifo at ton limes tho sum tlio day I got clonr away, and for ever, from Mr. Blaino. You'll think of it, won't you, Mary ? '. 'Yes, mum,' now hacking towarhs the door with a curious twinklo in hor eye, ' you may he suro that I'll think of it; nnd do mind and take some breakfast,' with unfoignod anxiety in hor voice. ' Eat heartily ; for you do look bad ! ' It. would novor pay if sho wore to dio. ' Eat? — how1 can I?' putting her Land to hor lip. ' Aye, dear me ! A man, and I will .nay it, has no right to striken woman, though you did give him great pro vocation Inst night", 'tliat I will say ! ' Provocation! ' in a tori9 of indig nant amazement. ' I did not say quarter enough, that was all. I only wish I had said ten times more, Mary Todd, you poor, silly, young woman; as I was onco, you littlo know him ! ' "i ' Oh ! don't I, ' thought Miss Todd, with an inward smilo". :' Woll any how, I must ho going now,' sho addod, aloud. ' I'll see what I can do with it.' So saying, sho wont out, .and again turnod tho koy in tho door. Tho door was hot part of tho room, hut ono on tho landing, that shut those hack apartmonts in from tho rest of tho houso, as if it wero a kind of flat, nnd wholly apnft. , : Goorgio wrote .hor letter— it: was to Gilbort's club, with "urgent — to_ ho forwardod" undorlinod on tho outside. This missive Miss Todd horo nwny when sho caiuo for tho broalrfast things, promising solemnly, nsitworo, by boll, hook, and cnndlo; that sho would post, it with hor own hands. Sho did nothing of tho sort, of courso. Slio tore it opon oro she had roachod the first landing, read it with a laugh, and throw it into tho drawing-room fire. Tho day wont by slowly for the prisonor nhovo, who liad nothing wlint- ovor to do but onjoy tho company of hor own painful, maddening thoughts. She had spent an hour in making nn exhaustive examination of hor rooms to soo if there was tho smallost prospect of gotting out of thom except by that hoavy-harred door on the landing. - Tlioro was none; Every precaution had hoen tnkon, and that not very rocently. There wero heavy iron bars ncross tho windows, heavy holts on tho UUULO— 1U UUD (V lUgUlUi J.U1 UlVQiS 1U AlO way. Sho montionod something of this to Mary whon sho brought her dinner, a welcome break in tho afternoon ; also a small portmanteau of hor clothes, hut hor diamonds and everything any special value in the way of gar ments had hoen eliminated. ' A strong room, all hnrs and holts, you say. Ayo, so it is. It's one reasou why Mr. Blaine fancied the house. Those three rooms wore lived in for years by a mad lady and her attend ant. Sho was very rich, and her people did not like Bending her out to an asylum, so they just got a kind of ono. made up on tho premises. The people at tho hack used to see hor gibbering at tho window for many years. That inner, empty room beyond, that's got nothing in it hut boxes-r- you may liavo lookod in ? ' ' Yes, I saw it.' Had she not closoly examined overy holo and corner with microscopic earn ? ' Then, maybe you noticed the marks on tho walls whoro the padding usod. to ho ? That was the paddod room, where thoy.put her in when she was too outrageous. Tho paddiqk'Tias hoen taken down.' " ' And you took it down, thinking it would not bo required for mo, ' inter polated Goorgie, pneing tho room with her hands behind hor back. 'And tlieso throe rooms wore the oliiof at traction the house offered to Mr. Blaine ! A nice, safo private prison, whoro ho could stow me nwny un known, and I, wretched woman, have tnkon sncli pains to concoal my where abouts from all ! I liavo played into his hands. No one will ovor he able to find mo if youhavo playod mo false,' stopping suddenly and looking hard at Mary Todd. ' You posted my letter ? ' ' 1 play you false ? I not post it ? ' in a tono of tlio most virtuous repudi ation. ' Do I look that sort of porson ? Como, now ! ' Her staro was so hold and so brnzon thnt the other felt obliged to look away, and onco moro began hor walk. ' And the old mad lady — what was tho end of hor ? ' sho oskod, presently. ' Oil, sho mndo away with herself in the end.' ' How ? "What do you moan ? ' pausing in hor tramp. ' I moan that ono day sho had boon vory peaceable and quiet, nnd as meek ns a mouse. Her attendant, or mad nurse, or whatever sho was callod, wont down to hor ton and when she camo back tliore was tho old worann hanging stone dend out of a hook high up in tho wall. Sho hanged herself with tho boll-ropo. It's dangerous to leave bell-ropos handy for tho like of tliom.' ' How horrihlo ! ' ejaculated tho now tenant of tho rooms, with a shudder. 'I wish you had not told mo.' ' Oil, I'm suro you aro not super stitious ma'am, like poor ignorant crea tures tliat knows no better.' ' No, I'm not that ; hut, all tlio snmo, it makes tlieso hateful rooms sooni worso than ovor.' ' Of courso,' procoodod Miss Todd, making a feint of dusting tho furniture. ' Thoy say she walks, nnd that was tho reason that tho liouso stood empty so long, ana is ion so onoap. it s a splondid house — quite a mansion, I onn toll you.' ' And whore is it — in what street ? ' inquired Goorgie, eagerly. ' Ah, that would ho telling ! I can not go so far as that, hut I may toll you this muoli — that pooplo has boon hoard to swear ns thoy saw in the half- twiliglit in yonder room, just about dusk, tho figure of a woman hanging with lior hoad down and lior arms by hor sides, swaying about quite distinct —like this,' making a motion with hor own arms. ' I told you not to toll mo these things,' said Goorgio, turning palo. ' I — I boliovo you (lid it on purposo ! ' ' Somo folks likes to listen to tlieso stories — some folks don't,' said tlio other, now cnlmly folding tlio tablo- cloth. ' It's all a matter of tasto. I'm not afraid of ghosts myself.' . So saying she departed, carrying the tray, and, as usual, looking tho door. For a wholo month Goorgio ro- mainod thus n prisoner, novor sooing any ono hut Mary Todd, who ovidontiy was tiring of lior task of jailor, and often forgot tho unlucky prisonor for half a day, forgot hor fire, lior dinner, or, as tho caso might bo, and wliat to Goorgie was far wors.o,. hor lights. Sitting alono in tlioso hatoful, silont rooms, watching tho darkness descoud, tfibso February days, first coming in and dimly veiling far corners, then it camo closer and' closer, whilst Georgie, ashamed of her own fears, would opon tho window, regardless of rain or snow, and loan out In tho lights of the hack windows of tho surrounding housos was company — bottor company than that awful, ' mysterious blaolcness behind hor. The creaking of a. door, the rattlo' of n mquso in tlio old lianols, brought; hor heart to hor-mouth.and a flood of- firo to her fnco. Whon tho tardy candlos did arrive lior own nppearnnco lialf startled Miss Todd, and Bho would somotimos como down, and in an awestruck voice an nounce to Mr. Blaino that 'it would novor surprise her ono bit if sho was going in the hoad.' To this lio would mutter tho amiable hut laconic reply — ' So host ! ' It was onough to affoot anyone's norvos, if not their mind, this oloso confinement,, this boing in perfect health, . out- off from all human inter course, save with one, this being buried alive, in a living grave, lost to all one's holongings as utterly, ne they, wore lost to hor! Sho had not ovon hopo to livo upon. The lotter, sho was now certain, had hover gone beyond tho firo downstairs, for. by words and looks let fall sho could see that Mary Todd was in league against nor, uuu u uovutou uuj to jPotor Blaine. 'Of course, I might have known it, whon Grace said sho was tho only creature ho ovor lovod! Perhaps in a kind of way ho loves her still ! I shall talk to her no longer.' This was Georgie's resolution, taken nnd kept resolutely, after an imprison ment of somo weoks. Slio novor now opened . hor lips, muoli to Miss, Todd's amazement. , _ : No longer wore tliore ngonisod prayers for news of hor childron, for ovon one — one word to say they wore well ! No longer tears and bribes to post letters — no longer wild interces sions to he Bet free. No, nothing now, hut a sullen, frozon siloneo. Mr. Blaino never appeared, hut he wrote fierce' demands for monoy, chequos to he signod, a power-of-at- torney to receive all payments. At first Goorgie firmly refused to put hor pen to pnpor, hut after a timo, being mentally worn down by silenco, DAlUiirln alAanlacu nin»hto flTlfl WftfiVV blank days, nnd being beyond all, terrified by liis threat that ho was "coming up himself, ancl gave lior just ten. minutes' time to think better of it," sho, urged to madnoss almost by tlio' wily Mary, dashed hor signature across the papor, and in so doing made ovor to hor warder the full power of dealing with hor yearly income — whioli was all ho wanted. 'He has got my money now,' slio said to herself, ' and suroly he will lot mo go.' But this was a foolish idea on hor part. A victim onco seized upon by thoso terrible talons did not so easily oscnpo. She wrote him a lottor of entreaty.' It received no . nnswor. Again slio wrote— no reply. A third time and lost on half a shoot of papor — ' Then at lonst sond mo somo hooks nnd work, or I shall go mad.' This came hack— hor own missive — as sho had sont it., only sorawlod un derneath in pencil, in his handwriting, wore tlio words, — ' Then, go mad I — P. B.' to uk continued. 