Spirited Away. ' IN THREE CHAPTERS. (Chamber/).) {Continued jrom last Thursday' t tisut.) Chapter II.— Continued. Somo one outsido had apparently oponod a pair of gates by this timo ; wo wont through, passed forward a little way farther at a walk : ing pace, and then'camo to a final stand. Before this, the deft fingors of M. Logros had effeotually bandaged my eyes. The carriage door was now opened, and one of my compan ions, giving mo his hand, helped mo to alight, and then led mo forward. There was an ascent of three or four stens. and then I felt that I had passed out of tho cold night-air, into tho warmor atmosphero of a house. A minute later my eyes were unbandaged, and, better Still, the gag was removed from my mouth. I found myself in a largo and elegantly furnished room, lighted by a lamp on the centre table and. by candles Jn the g:randoles over the ohimneypieco. A wood firo buinod cheerfully in the giate. Standing with his back to it, and watching my look of amazement with an amused, cynical smile, was M. Lcgros. Wo wero alone. ' I hope you feel none tho worse for your little journey?' he said. We shall havo a longer ono to take presently, so I think tho best thing we can do is to make duo prepara tion for it.' ' Another journey !' I stammered. 'Where to this time?' 'That you will learn when tho proper timo arrives,' he answered dryly. 'And Karavich — will ho accompany us ?' I asked. 'Ah, bah! Why trouble yourself about Karavich?' he demanded with a contraction of his brows. ' He is nothing to you, nor you to him.' Then a moment later he added, almost as if speaking to himself : ' But yos ; ce cher Karavich will accompany us certainly. Wo cannot afford to loavo him behind.' At this juncture a servant appeared with a tray containing a cold chicken together with other comestibles. This was supplemented by a second tray on which wero coffee, wines, and liquors. 'Come,' said Leprios trith a smile, as he sat down on a chair which the man had placed for him, 'let us make our selves what you English call jolly.' ' Jolly !' I ejaculated with a miserable attempt at a laugh. ' I'm likoly to feel jolly \- under such circumstances as these !' 'Why not?' he demanded blandly. 'Ah, moil enfant, vihen you havo lived as long aB I havo, you will have learnt that tho truest philosophy is to enjoy the present while you can, and leave the f utnre to take care of itself. Sit, and let me assist you to a wing of this fowl ; or what say you to this mayonnaise ? It lookB as if it might tempt an anchorite.' ' I am not hungry ; I cannot eat.' 'Foolish boy! Remember you havo a long oold journey before you. Try, at least, a couple of these oaviare sandwicheB.' I shook my head. ' I will take a cup of coffee, nothing more.' M.. Lcgros pulled the ends of his moustache, but made no further attempt to persuade me ; so, while I sat and sipped my coffee, he went on withhis supper — if supper it could bo called. He was'a quick eater, and in a few minutes he rose and pushed back his chair. After the servant left tho room, except for the opening or shutting of a distant door ones or twice, no sounds from -without were audible. I neither heard nor saw anything oithor of Karavieh or the othen. But tcarcely had M. Lcgros risen from the table wlien once more we heard the noise of wheels — tho noise as of some heavy vehicle, which, after being driven slowly up to tho house, came to a halt. In tho huBli which followed, one could hoar the pawing of horses on the gravel and the champing of their bits. I noticed that my companion was listening as intently as I was. ' I must ask you to remain here till I rejoin you,' ho said presently. 'I shall not be more than a few m'uutes away ;' and with that he smiled, nodded, and left the room. I had plenty of food for thought during his absence: but readers who havo followed mo thus far will scarcely need to be enlightened as to the tenor of my reflections. They wero anything but comforting. Scant time was, however, afforded me for perplexed breedings. Presently, a distant door seemed to open, and then came the half-hushed sound of tho foot steps of several people advancing along tho corridor into which the door of my room opened, then passing tho door itself, and then being gradually lost in the distance. The men, whoever they might ba, walked slowly and carefully and as though they wero carryiug some heavy burden. A few moments later I could distinguish the voices of several people talking in low tones outside the house. My curiosity overmastered my prudence. Tho room had two windowB, both of them having Venetian blinds, now closely shut, and, in addition, long heavy curtains that reached to tho ground. Crossing quickly to ono of tho windows, I stepped behind the curtain, and then, cautiously raising one of the laths of the blind a little way, I peered through the cre viced The sight whioh mot my eyes was one that might well make tho blood of a braver man than I profess to be rim cold. The fog had cleared away, and by the aid of tho star light I could just make out what seemed to mo the outlines of a hearBe, with a pair of horses, standing a few yards away in the courtyard or space of ground which fronted the house. While I was still staring at this grim appa rition, a couple of men carrying lighted lan terns appeared on the scone ; then I saw clearly that the object I had been gazing at was indeed a hearse, but donudedof its plumes. But scarcely had I time to note this, when a procession of some half-dozon men appeared, walkingtwo and two. and carrying on their t-houlders something long, blaok, and heavy. For one moment I was puzzled, and then the dread certainty flashed upon me that the burden they bent under was a coffin, but not an empty ono. When they camo within the dim circle of light given out by tho lanterns, it became plainly ?visible. I could bear no more. I lot the blind drop, and turned away with a cold pick dread at my heart, such as I had noyer felt before. Had a murder juct been perpo tratcd under that silent roof, and if. so — -? A dozen ghastly questions surged through my brain, not one of which I was able to answer. A fow minutes later I heard, through my half dazed Bcnses, the hearse move away a little dis tance, and a second vehiolo drivo up ond tako its place. Then in came M. IiCgrcsiiihis ovor coatandhat. ' ' ' All is in readiness for the second stago of our journey,' ho said, as he nibbed bis ohillbd hands for a few moments over tho fire. ' I did not answer him. Ho looked sharply at me,' and as he did so a cold, dangorous glitter came into his eyes. His gaze travelled to the window, and then baok to my face, and then ho muttered something undor his breath that sounded like a malediction. He was still bond ing over the grate ; but when next his eyes mot mine' all trace of annoyance had vanished. 'You look as white, my friend, as if you hod juBt seen a ghost,' he remarked with that inscrutablo Bmile of biB. 'You have gone too long without food. However, there's no timo now.' Hero, drink thiB,' ho ndded; and with that he crossed to tho table and poured but a small glass of Eome sort of liqueur. I took it ineohanically arid drank it. ' Thon Legros handed mo the fur-lined oloakand my hat, and then he said, ' Once more, and I hope for the last time.' With that he produood tho silk muffler and bandaged, my ? eyes ; then taking mo by the hand, he led mo from the room.' ? ' CnATTEB III. : . ';. ?'.?'? Five minutes later, when my eyes wore un bandaged, I found mysolf hoiug drivon along a ro:id which was apparently in the extreme suburbs of London, the houses that wo passo I were so tcattered and far apart. Legros was by my side, and two othor men wero sitting opposite us ; but the windows of the convey ance wore drawn up, and although the night was now porfeotly cloar, only the vaguest out lines wore discernible) of anything outsido, ex cept for a moment now and again when wo came within tho faint oirole of light radiated from an occasional street lamp. Suddonly my heart gave a great throb, for by tho inomontary gleam of a lamp I saw that tho conveyance in which I was travelling was a mourning coach — a ooach draped in black, and such as IB never made use of except for following the dead. Could it bo possible that the hearse with its dread burden was in front of us, and that'wo wero following it to some bourne to me unknown ? I sank book into my corner, and asked' myself whether it was really truo that I, who had left my far-ofl country homo scarcely 24 hours ago, could thus sud denly, and without any action of my own, have become participant in Bome diro tragedy of which as.yot I knew neither the beginning nor tho end. I. was but a boy, just recovering from a long illness, and if a few tears welled from my eyes in the darkness it is perhaps hnrdly to bo wondered at. But it was of Karavioh I was thinking moro flittn of myself. There was little doubt left in my mind that tho poor eafeticr had como to some foul and sudden ond. But who and what was he, and what was tho nature of his crime V Who were these men who had constituted themselveB at once his judges and his oxecu tioners, and to what place was tho body of tho murdered man being conveyed so mysteriously in tho dead of night ? Vain questions ono and all. A sense sat heavily upon me of being in the power of an inexorablo destiny, who was lending mo onward whether I willed it or no, by paths to me unknown, towards a goal I was vnable to foresee.* . . Soon the last lamp was left behind, and wo plunged forward into tho blacker darkness of tho country ; and now our paco was incieased, the horses breaking into a long swinging trot, which gradually became wtarisomo from its abeomto monotony. As on our first journey, not a word was spoken by any one. Byand by, from sheer fatigue I suppose, perhaps aided in part by the liquor given mo by Lo gios, I fell into a sort of troubled sleep, in which tho real and tho imaginary wero strangely blended. How long this state of semi- consciousness lasted, and how many miles wo travelled during the time I had. no means of judging. Tho abrupt stoppage of the coach, and the cessation of the mono tonous grinding of the wheels, brought me back with a start to the realities of my posi tion. LegTOB let down ono of tho windows. Day was just breaking. A dim misty light pervaded tho atmosphere, through which as yet nothing wus clearly visible. M. Legros and ono of tho o*hors alighted and wont for ward, leaving me and the other man insido. 'Are we near tho end of our journey?' I said to the silent figure sitting opposite me. He started, stared at me for a moment, and then made somo unintelligible reply. Pre sently tho coach moved forward a little way, and then halted again. Then M. Legros camo up, and standing on tho carnage step spoke to me through tho window. 'Another stage of our journey is at an end,' he said. ' Wo have one moro stage to travel together before we separate. You will now pleaso to alight ; but before doing this I must ask you to give me your promise that neither by word nor gesture will you eadeavour to attract the attention or rouse tho suspicions of any strangors, not of our party, whom you may presently see. As I have already told you, you havo only to obey my instructions implicitly, and no harm shall befal you. Have I your word, monsieur?' Thoro was a stern questioning look in his eyes as ho finished speaking. ' I am helpless, and in your power; I can only do as you wish.' 'It is well,' ho said, as ho stepped down and opened the carriage door. I-was glad enoughto get out and be able to stretch my cramped limbs. Tho other man followed, and during the next few minutes he and M. Legros kept close to me, ono walking on either side of mo. My first glance round showed mo that we had alighted some 20 or 30 yards from a broad, sluggish-flowing river, which I at once said to myself could be none othor than the Thames. A thin white mist lay on the water, through which only the faintest out lineB of the opposite shore wero discernible In mid-stream a small steamer lay moored, from the funnel of which a thin block ponnon of smoke was lazily trailing. Wo had alighted at a kind of wharf, roughly paved and shut in by scmo half-dilapidated buildings, which looked unspeakably forlorn and desolate in the light of early morning. Some half -score men, dressed in guernseys and high boots, were lounging about, their hands buried deep in their pockets, looking on with a stolidity which it seemed as if nothing could rouso into animation, at the proceedings of tho party of which I formed one, which wero conducted without the slightest pretence at secrecy. A little way in tho 'background stood the plume less hearse with its two black horses. Wo three men, I in the middle, walked down to the edge of tho wharf. The tide was low, and it was not until we wore close to the water that I perceived a couple of boats which seemed to bo waiting our arrival. The first looked liko an ordinary ship's boat ; in it wore seated somo half-dozen men resting on their oars, with a coxBwain in the Btern. The second boat was a hroad old-fashioned tub ; but I could not repress a shudder when I saw tho coffin which had been brought down in tho hearse laid along its bottom. Two men were in this boat, ono seated at the head, and the other at tho foot of the coffin. There was barely time to note all this before, in compliance with a whispered word from Legros, who still kept by ray side, I descended four or five slimy tido-washed steps, and stepped into the first boat, followed closely by my com panions. As soon as we had seated ourselves a signal was given ; the men dipped their oars, and a moment later the ragged wharf and its staring denizens wero left behind. And now it was I first became aware that wo had the other boat with its awful freight in tow. It glided after us through the morning mist, aB though tho secret it held was one from which wo might never more escape. Our boat headed in a straight lino from tho wharf. I had undergone so many surprises during tho last few hours that it was only one more added to the number to find that our destination was the steamer whioh was anchored out in mid-stream. Five minutes later I found mysolf on board, and, at tho in vilation of Legros, I at once followed him below. Ho conducted me into a handsomely fitted up Baloon, and then left me. It could not have been more than a fow minutes after this when tho engine gavo its first palpitating throb, and tho 'third stage of my strange journey had begun. ? Whither were wo bound ? Wliat would bo tho duration of our voyage ? And what pos sible objeot could my captors havo in l taking mo so far away from homo? These wore questions that put themselves to mo again and again ; and then I thought of the fate of poor Karavich, and my heart as I did so grew faint within mo. It was all an unfathomable mystery, and tho moro I strove to find some rav of light to guide me through its mazes the. nie\vo bewildered I became. In order to! relievo income measure tho burden of my thoughts, I began to peer through the porfholeR of the cabin, one after another ; but there was little to bo seen to gratify my curiosity. A dim line of desolate flats on tho ono baud ; on tho othor an equally dreary expanse of far-reaohinjr shore, with here and there a few scattered buildings, from somo of which sprung huge chimneys, which were already belching forth black volumes of smoke to tho morning air. It had begun to rain by this timo, but thero seemed to he scarcely the faintest breath of wind : tho soft quiok pulsupg of the engines told mo that wo wore now making rapid progress through the water. I had been about half-an-hour alone whon I was rejoined by Logros. Ho was all smilos and amiability. He gavo me tho impression of a man from whose mind somo burden which had pressed heavily on it had been suddenly lifted. There was no longer thaPstrainod intonso look . in his eyes — that look of watchf ul suspicion which had. boen so noticeable in him earlier had altogether vanished. Ho was, if possible, more of an enigma to mo undor thiB now aspeot than ho had boon before. 'Your eyes have a drowsy look in them, my friend,' ho said pleasantly. 'First of all, you must partake of some breakfast ; and after that you shall sloop— sleop — sleep for the next dozen hours, if it so pleaao you. This little ajipartemeut is sot aside for your sorvico so long as you favour us with your com pany.' As ho spoke ho oponod ono of a row of threo or four doors, and disolosed a tiny sleeping berth, fitted up and in ovory respect ready for occupation, whioh looked infinitely tempting to my tired oyes. I took advantage of tho opportunity to perform some needful ablutions. When I re-entered tho saloon breakfast was on tho table. A minute later Legros and I were joined by two men whom I had not seen before, togethnr with one of the men who hod accompanied us insido the car riage. The two strangers woro in some kind of undrcsB uniform. Logros smilingly introduced mo to them as a young English friend of his who had taken a fancy to accompany them a littlo way on their voyage. They ropliod by a few pohte words in English, in which they expressed a hope that my voyage would prove a pleasant one ; but polite though their words might be, I thought I detected undor them a hidden ring of sarcasm. After this tho conver sation became general, oxcopt so for as I was concerned, it being conducted in tho same un known languago as before. When I sat down at table I seemed to have no appetite, but it came with the occasion, and despite tho doubts and fears which besot mo, I made a hearty meal. When tho others rose I retired to my berth, and in loss than 10 minutes was sound asleep. It was on tho point of 3 o'clock when I awoke. On gazing out through the porthole nothing could bo seen but a slowly heaving expanse of waters, through which wo wero quickly cleaving our way. A dreary drizzle of rain was still falling. On entering tho saloon I found M. Lcgros loung ing on tho couch over a novel and a cigarette. 'Ha, ha! you look better, much better,' he said with a nod and a smile. ' I advise you to do as I am doing. It's the only thing on a day like this. Here are cigarettes, and on that shelf you will find somo half-hundred novels in half a dozen languages. You can of course, go on dock if you wish to do so, and prefer a wet coat to a dry one. ' Thank you,' I said. ' I will try what it's like on deck — at least for a little while. Tho fresh air will do mo good.' Of a truth, there was not much to keep any one long on deck. A man at the wheel, an officer on tho bridge, and two scujnen forward, all in oilskins, were the only, living beings visible. After lighting a cigar I found a sheltered nook under the lee of one of the boats. As far as my defective geographical knowledge allowed me to judge, wo wero now somawhero about tho mouth of the Thames, and heading towards the North Sea. On our loft mile after mile of low- lyjng desolate shore was dimly discernible through the thin drizzle of rain. This I concluded must bo some portion of tho Essex coast. On our right tho grey heaving waters stretched out into infinitude. Already the dull November afternoon was darkening to its close. From minute to minute my spirits within me seemed to be sinking deeper and deeper ; tho gloom and desolation of the great waste of waters seemed but a reflex of tho gloom and disquietude of my own thoughts. In a little while I flung away the end of my cigar and went below. M. Legros was no longer there ; I had tho saloon to myself. It was necessary to pass tho timo somehow, so, after making choice of a book, I stretched my self on a sofa and made a resolute attempt to read. It was a vain effort. Karavioh's melancholy deopsot oyes and white face blotted out the printed words. After a timo the steward appeared and began his preparations for dinner. Ho was a sandy haired, foxy-faced man, with a retreating chin and prominent teeth. I went on pretending to read, and taking but little notice of him, when presently I was startled by a low warning ' HiBt!' and on glancing up I saw that the man was regarding me with a strangely earnest look. When ho perceived thatho had attracted my attention he held up a finger, as if in warning, and then said in a whisper, that was a straugo jumblo of broken English interlarded with French, such as I cannot attempt to re produce : ' Do not appear to notice mo, mon sieur, nor speak to me aloud, for tho lovo of heaven.' I stared at him in astonishment, but so far obeyed his adjuration as to remain silent. ' Monsieur is an Englishman,' he began again presently, but still in a whisper so low that only with difficulty could I make out what he said ; ' and his kind heart will not allow him to refuse to do a small service for ono who is in great oxtremity. Is it not so?' 'Before I can promise I must know what tho service is that you want me to do,' I whispered back. ' It is only to poBt a certain letter after mon sieur's arrival in London.' I could not repress a start. ' But how soon am I likely to bo back in London?' I asked, with an eagerness I could not conceal. ' If all goes well, in less than 24 hours from now.' ? . Hero, indeed, was jovful tidings ; but I sup pose I must have looked somewhat incredulous, for a moment later tho man added : ' Monsieur will find Uiat what I tell him is the truth.' 'In that case, of course, I shall be qnito willing to post any lottcr you may entrust to my care.' ??.-.? .'? O, monsieur, thanks — a thousand thanks !' replied the man in a tone tho sincerity of which I could not doubt. ' If Monsiour Karavioh could do so ho would thank monsieur in person, because it is he who is the writer of tho letter.' ' Monsieur Karavich !' I exclaimed aloud. 'I thought that- ? '; Tho clatter of a dozen knives on tho table drowned my voice. Tho steward had turned as white as a sheet. ' For the love of heaven, ? monsieur, do not speak above a whisper,' ho said, after a pause and a frightened look round. ?''What I am doing now is at the risk of my life — but that matters little. No ; Monsieur Kara vich is not dead. To avoid, any dangerous questions being asked, ho was brought down here as if he were a dead man, in a coffin made for the purpose. Oh, but it was cunningly contrived? Of all Monsieur Karavich' s friends, no one knew— thoro was not ono to warn him.' Before I could say anything further ho had left the cabin, but he was back again in the course of two or three minutes. ' Here is tho letter, monsieur,' he said, still in a whiBper. 'Tho thanks of 10, of 20, of 50,000 bravo hearts would be yoursiif they know '.the sorvico you have promised to do. In less than 50 hours it will be known in every capital in Europe that Fedor Karavich is a prisoner.' : I took tho letter and put it away in an inner pocknt of my veBt. 'No eyes but mine shall see tho letter. I will post it with my own hands as soon as I reach London. But tell me — who and what is Monsiour Karavioh?' 'One of the greatest and noblest of men, and a truo patriot, if ever there was one. Monsiour Karavich is not his real name ; he has twenty different names for different occa sions. By birth he belongs to one of the noblest families in his native land ; but his heart, his life, his fortune, have been given to the poor and oppressed. His real name is a name of terror wherever tyranny hides and trembles.' .???-.?? .. ' And what will be his fate, now that his enemies havo got him in their clutches ?' *''/' Who can toll ? It is not tho first timo tho Bear lias had him in its grip. Ho passed 10 years in Siberia when littlo more than a boy. Probably he will disappear — vanish utterly, and be heard of never again.' 'Is there no way of helping himP Aro there no means of rescuing him?' The man spread his hands with a gesture eloquent of despair. 'There is no hope — none,' ho answerod with a half-sob in his voice, Thoro was silenco for a fow moments, then I noticed his Btrange faoe lighten, and coming close to me, ho said in a lower whispor « thunbofore: 'And yot, monsiour, who oan tell? Fedor Karavich has friends whore nono. would expeot to find them — friends seorofc, but devoted to the cause, oven amongst tho highest of tho high. All that gold can do, all that powerful influence, unseen and working in the dark, can do for him will bo dono ; but after all ? .' Ho finished with a dospoudont Bhake of tho head. . ' Tho cause, as you call it, soomu to havo its emissaries everywhere,' I remarkod. 'Evon you yourself 'j ? 1 paused. If an apparition had suddenly stood before tho man, lie could scarcely have looked moro soared. He gavo a great gasp, but did not speak. A moment later, wo heard the sound of foot Bteps. As M. Legros entered by ono door, tho steward disappeared through another. I be camo at onco immersed in my novel. The Bamo party sat down to dinner that had mot at breakfast. Each of them addressed a few words to mo in English, and treated me with the utmost courtesy ; but, aB boforo, the ohiof part of tho conversation was kept up in a languago of which I know nothing. When dinner was over, oigarottes and oards woro introduced, and I was invited by M. Logros to form ono in a rubber of whist. This, how over, I declined to do, and went baok to my book instead. And so a couple of hours sped quietly away. At longth I said to M. Logros — 'If you havo no objection, and these - gentlemen will not think it rudo on my part, I willrotdro to my berth.' ' Do so by all means,' he answerod. 'But if I wero you, I would only partly undross. It is by no means unlikely that you may bo called in a hurry.' About four hours later, I was called in a hurry. A tap camo to my door, nnd tho voice of LegroBBaid: 'Are you awake, monsieur? If so, be good enough to dress as quiokly as possible' Five minutes later I joined him in tho saloon. 'I am grieved to Bay that we are about to lose, the pleasure of your company,' ho ob served in his blandest tones. 'Whatever my regrets 'may be, I am afraid that I oan soarcoly expect you to share them ; but it is juat possible that wo may havo tho felicity of meeting again on some future occasion. In any case, we shall hardly fail to remember each other. Wrap this cloak around you. I trust you will accept it at my hands as a slight souvenir of our acquaintance ; and put this flask of cognac in your pocket ; you will find the night air eoid on the water. And now for a few last words of caution.' His brows contracted, and his faco seemed to darken a little ob he went on : 'For your own sake, and if you value your future welfare — nay, what do I say? — if you value life itself, you will not Bpeak ono word to any living being of that which you havo seen and heard during tho past fow hours. Should wo find the autho rities in London setting on foot certain in quiries, we shall feel assured that any informa tion thoy may havo acquired can only have emanated from you. In that case ? -But I feel sure I need not say more, except that I wish you to believe that my -warnicg is intended for your good. And now, monsieur, if you aro ready.' I followed him on deck like a man in a dreain. I had not noticed till now that the screw of the steamer had ceased to revolve, and that wo were scarcely moving through tho water. The night was bright and starlit. 'Yonder littlo vessel — what you English, I believe, call a fishing-smack — will be your home for tho next hour or two,' said M. Legros, pointing to a dark object some littlo distance away. ' It will convoy you to tho nearest port, from which you will readily make your way to London.' Ho took my hand and held it with a hearty grip. ' And now, adieu, and bon voyage.' Thon in a whispor: 'Re- member my warning. In a pookot of the cloak you will find money to defray your ex penses to London.' They were his last words to mo. A moment later I was being transferred in a small boat from the Bteamer to the smack. Even before I got aboard the latter the steamer was under way again. Wo could see her lights for a little while after she herself was lost to view ; then they, too, were swallowed up in the dark ness. Tho crow of tho smack consisted of three men and a boy. They were a rough but kindly set, and did then: best under the circumstances to make mo comfortable. I asked them no questions, nor did they ask me any. No doubt, AI. Logros had paid them well for the service thoy had undertaken to perform. Soon after daybreak they put me ashore at Lowestoft, and by noon I found myself in London. I at onco took a cab and drove off to my friend Gascoigne's lodgings, only stopping for a moment by the way to post poor Karavich' a letter. I had an impression, but it may havo been groundless, that my movements were watched and followed both at Lowostoft and in London. I had not been an hour in Gascoijrno's com pany before I had so far disobeyed M. Lngros's warning as to have told my friend ovorythiug. At my age, it could not well have been other wise ; the burden of such a secret was too heavy for my young shoulders to bear. But I had no desire to share it with anyone else ; once I had told the story to my friend, I felt that I could hold my tongue for ever. Three days later, in tho dusk of evening, Gascoigne and I strolled down the street to a certain houso to which ICaravich's note had boon addressed. Wo found the number readily enough. Tho ground floor was a baker's shop with an unmistakable English name on tho sign — certainly not tho name on Kamvich's letter. In tho window was a card inscribed : 'First and second floors to be let unfurnished;' and Bure enough, on looking up we saw four uncurtained windows staring blankly into the dark like bo many sightless eyes. Wo madeno. inquiry at the shop, but hurried away, feeling as if we had touched the vergo of another mystery. Ono evening early in tho following spring I was standing gazing into a joweller's window, in Bond street, when a passing stranger halted, apparently with tho view of following my example. I was conscious of his preseuce, but that was all. I did not even glance at him. Suddenly a voice whispered in my oar : ' Fedor Karavich has escaped; let his enemies bo wave ! ' I turned with a shirt, but only to soo a tall dark-clothed figure striding swiftly away. Before these lines see tho light 12,000 miles of ocean will interveno between me and the rcndcrit of thorn. Hud it not boon so, in all probability the strange experience embodied therein would never havo been made public. 