? niHTWCiLGOSSIP. —Theatre Royal. " Run of Luck." —Opera House. " Colleen Bawn." —Princess' Theatre. " The Magistrate." —Bijou Theatre. " Skipped by the Light of the Moon." —St. George's Hall. Hugo's Minstrels. —Victoria Hall. " Silk Stockings." —Nugget Theatre. Cottiers' Minstrels. —Waxworks. Dr. Lynn's Ihdas. —Columbia Skating Rink. St. Kilda. —Miss Johns, who played the title role in the last Royal pantomime, has accepted an engagement for a season of Italian Opera. —Messrs. Barry and Herbert have dissolved partnership by "mutual consent." Herbert is at present in Sydney and Barry still heads the dramatic company on a provincial trip. —After an absence of about twelve months "Tommy" Hudson has returned to Australia. His company went back in the recently wrecked Tasmania. Mr. Hudson will be in harness again at an early date. —The Fisk Jubilee Singers are now touring New Zealand, making money " hand over fist." —A dramatic company lately playing in Warrnamboo' has gone into the ghost- walking business with a vengeance- It is not often a show has the rare good fortune to have two " ghost-walks" a week. It seems that some of the playful pros circulated a rumour to the effect that tbe house in which they were staying was haunted. One night they all laid in wait, armed to the teeth with pillows. His ghostship approached, when the attacking party fired altogether. The ghost turned out to be Walter Medus, who, on bearing muffled whispering, etc., came along the passage to see what was the matter. —Harry Emmet 'is travelling through America with the Minnie Maddern Co. J. J. Herndon is also with tbe crowd. —In connection with a case of trespass heard at the St. Kilda Police Court lately, tbe defendant, Mrs. Alice Toombes, writes us that she was wrongly alluded to, through a typographical error, as " formerly a waitress," instead of "formerly an actress." She adds that her stage name is Alice Reid, that she came here with the " Tambour Major" Co., and, finally, that she is sister to Nellie Reid, the popular equestrienne, late of Chiarini's Circus. —Jennie Lee has been playing Jo aboutthirteen years- This talented little lady, speaking of Australia, 6ays, " I arrived in Sydney without having made any arrangement with any of the managers. They heard from Auckland that I was on the steamer, and it was rather funny to see them board the ship and come on deck to see if -Miss Lee would not play with them. I went right to Melbourne and opened there at the Princess' Theatre, under the management of Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove. I was the first star that the triumvirate had ever played. ' Jo' was played for five months, which was something unprecedented in Melbourne. After that I returned to Sydney, and played there at the Theatre Royal for three months. The engagement was a very large one, the receipts frequently reaching four hundred poundB per night. After the completion of my season at Sydney I went to Tasmania, playing at Hobart on my way to New Zealand. I played in all the principal towns, and you will hardly believe I played in Dunedin for nine weeks in pieces in my repertoire. I visited Invercargill, Christchurch, Wellington, Auckland, and then back to Sydney, playing my engagement at the Opera House. Prom thence to Adelaide for six weeks, and then again to Hobart and Melbourne. I found the Australian people the most delightful in the world. Society opens its doors wide to the respectable actress who goes there, and nothing could have been more hospitable and cordial than was the treatment I received from tha people. The Marquis and Marchioness of Normanby, at Melbourne, Lord and Lady Loftus, at Sydney, Sir George Strahan, of Tasmania, and Sir William and Lady Robinson, of South Australia, continually had me at Government House, and I was welcomed every where, and treated with a kindness I shall never forget. I will, of course, return to the Antipodes. When I was leaving I was tendered a complimentary benefit, and at it I promised to return in three years, and I intend to keep my word. In England you do not seem to care to see me in anything but ' Jo,' believing, as, in the case of Joseph Jefferson, that I could only play in tbe one part with which my name was more particularly associated, In Australia they are willing and ready to have me play what I please, and will come to see me in whatever I do. If there is ineri£ in the piece,or in my rendering of it, I am given full credit, which you must acknowledge is different here. And these Australians know something about acting. Genevieve Ward made as great a success there with ' Porget-me-not' as she did here; 60 did Ristori in her favourite characters : and, in fact, all artists who have succeeded here are almost certain to succeed there. They liked my Jo just as much as you did, but they did not make up their iniuds not to come and see me in anything else." —Miss Austin Eliot, Eiss MetaPelham, and Miss Nellie Greenlees have been engaged to assist in the production of " Won at Last" and " Winning Hazard," at the Alexandra Theatre to-morrow, Friday evening. The pieces will be produced by the Melbourne Comedy Club, patron, Sir H B. Loch K.C.B. The general manager is Mr. Chas. R. Smith, well-known as a most successful amateur organiser. —A letter from an American actress at present m Melbourne writes thus to Music and the Drama:—" I arrived on tbe 12th April and began rehearsals the following Monday. I have not had time to see anythiug of Melbourne yet, so can't say how I like it. Our rehearsals are going beautifully. The people in the theatre are pleasant and congenial, making it agreeable for new-comers. Bartley Campbell's ' Siberia ' is in its second week at the Theatre Royal; but it has not been a success. Saturday, 26th, they produce' The Tempest, with George Rignold. ' Little Jack Sheppard' has been very successful at the Opera House—now in its ninth week and still drawing good houses. W. E. Sheridan has been quite ill in Sydney. The old wound in his arm has broken out and he has been a great sufferer. Louise Davenport plays the second part in ' Harbour Lights.' Carrie Swain is playing in Sydney at the Royal. She is very well liked ; but the play lias been cut up. Report 6ays she goes from here to England. Iam looking anxiously for the next mail and the music and dramaB it will bring." —A crusade against leg shows.—The Methodist Episcopal ministers of Philadelphia have unanimously passed the following resolutions:—Whereas it is well known from general report and from advertisements in the public press and from nude and 6emi-nude pictures of the human form displayed along the streets of the city that there are public stage entertainments permitted in this city which are an offence to common decency; and where as a law of this commonwealth provides for the non-issue of a licence to any place of amusement where it is propesed to present an entertainment that is immoral in its nature or tendencies, or otherwise unlawful or hurtful to the community, it is therefore resolved —That we ask the mayor and the chief of police of tlie city to enforce 6aid law in the exercise of the most authority and power vested in the offices they occupy. Resolved—That we approve of any effort to so amend the laws of this commonwealth as shall provide against all public displays of the human form that work the degradation of woman and appeal to the baser passions of men. Copies of them were directed to be sent to the Mayor and the chief of police and both Houses of the State Legislature. —Mr. Hamilton, the well-known conductor of Hamilton's Band, died last week. —Miss Austin Eliot, after too long an absence from the Melbourne stage, makes her re-apearance at the Alexandra Theatre on Friday, to-morrow night, being engaged to plav the leading parts in Wybert Reeve's " Won at Last" and the sparkling comedietta, " Winning Hazard." Miss Eliot is a universal favourite throughout the provinces, and also created a most favourable impression on her last introduction to the Melbourne public. —Mr. and Mrs. George Melville (Marian Medway) have returned from New Zealand. Melville has been managing in Maoriland, but not with overwhelming success. "You DON'T KNOW THEIR VALUE."—'-They cured me of illiousness and kidney complaint as recommended. I liad a alt-bottle left, which I used lor my two little girls, who the octors and neighbours said could not be cured I am confient I should have lost both of tli m one night if I had not ad the American Co.'s Hop Bitters in my bouse to use. That s why I say you do not know the value of American Co.'s Hop itters, and do not recommend them highly enough." See —J.J. Wallace, the man from Am P,.: Hamilton Company, is a New yJi. 1831\. He served his time at the , Philadelphia and joined the d™? 1111 Baltimore in 1853. J. J. was well l -Says Figaro (London): " n Sorn A«j much superfluous praise in atn-ihi,*- P ls L 'Ruddigore* to Sir Arthur Sullivan ? e it was written by Thomas Clarke at d« i, a ^ts I do not believe Sir Arthur could i, a,, &0u ti'n glance over it when the score was hot ^i™ or dress rehearsal." Next! " e hiiti^ —Clara Morris' antecedents, act-ordi,, biographer, are of the most lraml,ip i tfl| related that her mother was a cook- ta ^ t Cleveland when Clara was a lank v "M e «E John Ellsler advertised for some'w,.„ !fift «n.j in a pantomime he was getting up (§ lrls,t "tl name was Morrison,-by-the-way' a , L ; « ballet, wearing an old calico drsss Lll"''}^ long legs, a thin shawl ,and a rageed wnni i s Wil around her head. When the extra £X ensea 4 required Clara was retained for small the beginning of the career of ciav«, u ani ' ara M English birth. o «iv —Amy Slierwin, our Australian sin em- .„, debut in N. Y. during the last St Si* 110 Baldwin, arrived in New York froml-CL en route to Australia. She may sin" in v"^! San Francisco before returning hon^ —The new Princess' Theatre Aioii,„ uo spoken of in the Referee. m '»U —Mr. George Rignold is about to ie-o»™ . House, Melbourne. G. R.'s initial nro^,;, ^ will be that tender novelty " Youth" 0 ^Hitl m^SgL? reDfe1118 eUdeavom " i "S ^o uuearth a j] —Colonel Ike Austin, the sharp-shooter been crack-rifle shooting, etc., iu South so delighted with Australia that be int r.'^ tral M to America shortly. 1611(3 8 t —Miss Florence Wade and Hem-v 411 'Frisco. A local paper says they arrived where they gave a short but uusatisfnrt^ season. One of their pieces, " The Artist's W ' served to introduce the can-can, was rather the good people of King Kalaliaua's capita' rnniT and owing to lack of patronage the next n * announced was not given. ' ® —Strauss' latest comic opera, " The Simula soon receive its initial production in Vienna —We would remind our readers of the formance at the Princess' Theatre, on which our leading amateurs will appear in the «vi Truth." They will have the valuable assistant Kate Bishop, Tanner, Douglass, Wells and FS —Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. V H Vera™ at the Windsor Theatre in the well- known plavoh me-not." Miss Ward's impersonation of Stenl Ju admired by all, and she was loudly applauded® times called before the curtain, as was alsoMr M who made a very favourable impression bv his fin,, artistic work as Sir Horace. ' —Wirth's Circus now travelling (he suburbs. —Dr. Lynn is still on his New Zealand tour, is remarkably good. Foster is managing and PI is in front of the show. —The following company are now iu Adelaides Edouin Bryer, Docy Mainwaring. Woir.Davei®' Isabell Morriss; Messrs. Beck, Viuceut, Catesft Oily Deering, Hainbro, Marsh, Kogers and' Beyertoire.—"Harbour Lights," etc. Jidith O'Goni " Escaped Nun," is at the local Town Hall —Talking of the "Silk Stockings'' anniversarym, praise is due to the young and energetic inana«er | Friedman, for the able manner in which he ' * his ehare towards the show. —Minnie Palmer and Company dropped in toi look at Melbourne on Monday. Talking of •' M.P.'j R. Rogers writes to a home paper saying thatllissk was to open in Adelaide on the 12th ult., wherel contemplate staying three weeks, and playingaltaj "My Sweetheart," " The Little Treasure." Ring and the Keeper" and " The Schoolmistress" are twelve places of amusement in active open. Sydney, where the thermometer then register® Fabr. in the shade. J. R. R. is still iu ecstasiesiwf golden harvest he is reaping, and swears mos'ii that out of gratitude to the British nation W the rest of his days in St. John's M'ood or Es M. P. takes a liberal amount of horse-exercise, iiiL she is joined by her husband, who says he oueerdeB circus. I believe three seconds was'the absolute of his engagementon tliatoccasiou. Dates, San Fn 15th August; New York, 10th October. —Frank M. Clark's "Silk Stockings" will celetattji first anniversary on Saturday next. Twelve MS eh ? The same to you, Frank, and many of'eal Saturday a special programme of novelties mllbs| before his patrons. A new troupe of Japanese vil! open up on this joyful occasion. A uicely-executeipl of the company from the Elite studio will be presenM each front seat. F. M. occupies the centre positional picture, and manager Friedman and musical conJq Conduit, the corners. —Mdme Anka has obtained a verdict for ilffidu against Lord Lonsdale and Miss Violet CMMM] breach of a theatrical engagement. 