' Ceremonies.-11 , . 1 ; As to the question of the-' lawfulness of ceremonies in the abstractj'.on tbat head there appears .scarcely 'room '.'for'. doubt. With- the Jewish /ritual,.' before''- us im possible it is to proDdunce-tbem unlaw ful; for the Service nroDer of the Church of the elder dispensation was eminently . and almost entirely ceremonial. / It is true that in the synagogue there was an order of service, as much marked by simplicity,' as that of the tabernacle or temple', was/, for gorgeousness. For in the, synagogue.' there was nothing sacrificial or symboli cal. All accounts that we have; of it/re duce its services to prayer , . psalmody, reading and exposition of the Scriptures, . an ; order corresponding; much to our,, own, apart from the celebration of the sacraments. But the synagogue is' not to be regarded as . part of the .origi- r nal Levitical institutions; it. came'at a'/ later age, probably five centuries after the days of the Exodus; and was, ap-; parently, the child of a necessity, for the maintenance of religious thought and im pression, in those districts which lay dis- . taut from Jerusalem. In the tabernacle or temple we must look for the true re- ligious expression of Judaism ; and when we remember that its many and varied services were dictated by- God Himself, and _ were marked by a most minute, detailed, and multiplied ceremonial, we can have but one opinion, as to the law fulness of ceremonies. To maintain the opposite, is to contradict Deity. It may be a question whether those ceremonies were designed to be perpetual, or models for the imitation of other churches, but with the books of Moses, and the, historic books of the New Testament before us, and the submission of our Lord and his apostles to the several usages recorded in the Gospels, it is strictly out of our power to deny the abstract lawfulness of ceremonies. In the Revelation too we have pictures of services abounding with ritualistic splendour. The angelB with their harps of gold, their lowly ' prostrations, their incense-breathing censers, the service., of the mystic " creatures," and the reveren tial adoration of the elders ; all these are representations of gorgeous and solemn ritual, Yet, on the other hand, it must not be forgotten that it may be unBound for us to rest conclusions on a point ecclesiastical, on a book so largely and confessedly enigmatic as the Revelation is, for we can hardly call it dogmatic. Things outside of our conceptions are often conveyed in terms borrowed from things of which we have cognizance ; and that, rather for the purpose of giving a notion, than of asserting things really existent. One passage, which is carried out into nearly argumentative application, would appear to cohfirm this view. The Apostle tells us that " he saw no temple therein;" and his reason for the ab sence of that accessory of worship is, that " the Lord God Almighty and ithe Lamb are the temple of it ;" that " the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it : for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof." All this sounds like a dispensing with material assistances in religion, and the making of God " all in all" to be, saved. Where no temple- is, there can hardly be priests or offerings, ritual or formal services. It is of the deepest moment for us to determine next, the view of Christianity in regard to ceremonies. We know that our Lord, as an Israelite, "fulfilled all righteousness" by complying wB. the institutions of the Mosaic law. But we have to ascertain what the line waB which He took in laying the foundation of the Church of the second dispensation. Have we reason for believing that. He desired that Church to be ritualistic or simple in her services ? Did He ordain a symboli cal and gorgeous ceremonial, or did :He make Christianity an approach to an order of worship, in which a purely spiritual service, putting aside as much as possible sensuous interventions, brought man into more immediate personal contact with his Lord? Was the genius of his religion expressed by the words, " God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth ;" or by the words, " Set bounds about the mount and sanctify it" ? Now, it cannot but have struck us as a thing significant, that our Lord, in laying the foundations of his Church, appears to have abstained almost altogether from laying weight on ceremonies. Doctrines, morals, explanations, we have in abund ance from his lips ; but ritual injunctions, none. It was open to Him,- ,r while denouncing - the formalities , of the Pharisees, .to have dropped some expres sions protective of ritualism freed. -from superstition. But on the contrary, we . find hi0 admonitions and rebukes, his "illustrations and expositions, ever travel-, ling in the line of heart-religion and pure morals, and overpassing ceremonies as being but the shadows of truth. Two sacraments, only two, He ordained — Baptism, for introduction, to his Church, and, the Supper, as the pledge and proof of. maintained communion with it.: / And at that point He stopped. Of vestments, /inceiise, attitudes, He said, nothing. Prayer He ever inculcated, alike by command, illustration, and example; The searching 'qf,the/Scriptures _Hepron'punced upon imperatively ; , and on' preaching/He relied 1 'for' the unfolding of truth,' and drawing 'mien into /adoption of the' faith. ' Cither /things he left unnoticed He 'must have,1 /held/ , tiiein ; of very secondary iimpprt'ancel! " /Had/'/tBeyj/been'-.much 1 worth' noticing,' no doubt. He would' have noticed them."' //But r He . left' 11 them j to ; be/cpntrbiled 'and 1 'regulated' ; by/; the principles of his. religfon,/ ingthat' souls) timljr in/ehrn'est' about real spiritual , communion ;.'with' G-pd,: would /prefer 'the' veil rent and the sanctuary open to /interventions between themselves and the Shekinah. ' And" even as to the administration of ' the two rites, He did ordain, we find in that the same marks of simplicity as comes to view in their selec tion.-' Let water (found everywhere) " be applied in the name of Father, Sou, and Holy 1 Ghost ; " let bread and wine, lying on the table before Him, be taken and received in memory of Himself. This was all, positively all, A simplicity this the more remarkable, because it .puts the institutions of his religion in :direct con trast with existing ceremonials around Him. He had to rely for the power and 'attractions of his religion, not upon appeals to the imagination, but to the conscience ; not to the senses, but to the soul. If Christianity was to win her way; it was not by being a servile imita tion of Judaism or a reproduction of 'heathen rites, but by standing before 'men in the naked grandeur of its own "simplicity, and the unearthly attractions of its own spirituality. Itr may ' be replied to this, that the conclusion is not a fair one, inasmuch as .our Lord pretended to do no more than to lay the foundations of Christianity, leaving it to others to present the temple in its completeness ; that, in other words, the Church was as yet undeveloped, and that no more could have been expected (Out of the hands of Christ than the declaration of principles and doctrine. To meet that objection we are necessarily \- compelled to consult the documents next in-order to the Gospels; that is, the 'iipostolic Epistles. There, we have the .Church's progress for thirty or forty 'years after the ascension of our Lord ; and there, from their very nature and objects, may we reasonably expect to find full light on the point ; for some of these uEpistles enter into matters of ecclesiasti cal discipline and order, yea into matters of economic charity. And surely we ought I to meet with things there, telling us that it was of the genius of Christianity that 'her services should be marked by attrac- tive ceremonial ; for, let it be remembered 'if our Lord had Jews to conciliate, his apostlieB had heathens to conciliate — heathens accustomed to the imposing splendour of pagan rites and mysteries. And yet we find it not. Much of dog- matic theology, much of systematic ! divinity, much of moral precept, much of high and holy requirement, but of en joined ceremonial, nothing. So far from it, that in the Epistle to the Churches of Galatia, we find the members of these Churches rebuked, for relapsing from the, ' simplicity of Christianity into the "beg garly elements" of Judaism, censured for their " observance of days, and months,- and times, and years." The whole tress and emphasis of that epistle is cast upon the great question, "How can a man be justified before God ? " And if from that we turn to another, we find the entire object of the EpiBtle to the Hebrews is to" \- show that the ritual and ceremonies, the sacrifice's and services of Judaism, had " passed away, and become absorbed (be cause fulfilled) in the simplicities of the' gospeL We have no qualifying note thrown in, substitutive of one incense of a prescribed composition for another ; no creation or a second numan priesthood, in the place of that which had passed away ; no provision of animal sacrifice, instead of that which had been; but all resolved into something higher and better ; incense into prayer, priest and victim into Christ. Surely thiB pictures no church of cere mony and symbol. And surely, this is the very charge we have all along been making against the Church of Rome, that contrary to the authority of this epistle, she has perpetuated a sacrifice which is declared to have been " once for all," and created an order of sacrificing priests, when Christ ministers above, " made not after the law of a carnal commandment but after the power of an endless life." (To be continued,) New Zealand.— Writing from Auckland on the 17th instant a correspondent giveB the following interesting items :— At last the general elections are over, and the people again settled down to their usual occupation. Speaking for Auckland and : from an Orangeman's point of view we may be proud of the result. For "City West" we have succeeded in sending to Wellington our late Grand Master and present Grand Treasurer, Bro. D. Goldie. Although receiv ing a few Roman votes, the block vote of that party was given to his opponent, Mr. Shera, who issued a leafllet with part of a speech Mr. Goldie made, at one of the 12th celebrations, against the system of Rome. Jesuitical like it was made to read just aB they desired. The result was that Goldie polled nearly as many votes as his two opponents put together. The greatest victory was that of Newton where Mr. E. Withey defeated the Hon. J. A. Tole (R. C.), by over 90 votes ; and as Mr. Tole had bragged on the hustings that he had beaten better men than Withey, the defeat must have been galling. The better men alluded to were Sir F. Wbit- taker, Reader Wood, and O'Neill. Tole being a nominee of the Grey party, and Whittaker against,; there is-no, wonder, that he was suc cess! ul. At that election if one had only placed a red rag on a - stick and called it a Greyite,- it would hove had a good show of defeating any opposition candidate. Reader Wood was; one of the best speakers in the House of Representatives. , Why was , he defeated ? Pimply because he .was a " rat " from the popular party; and for no other reason. The third was a young lawyer with about as much brain .as Mr. Tole himself, which is not saying much. At last Mr. Tole has found more than his match in, Mr, Withey. The victory >is greater when it is considered that Withey is a "new chum" (not a. dozen electors knew who he was a few months before) and a pronounced free trader ; and his opponent was a minister of the Crown, a protectionist, and one having represented part of the constituency for 12 years. The result was almost more than one could have expected. I must say that in the former elections the Orangemen were divided, much .to their disgrace. In the House afterwards when the Party Procession Act was introduced, Mr. Tole stated that he would vote against .it, as he owed hiB eleotion to the Orangemen. In this case they were almost unanimous for Withey and aided by the Temperance body, have sent to the House a gentleman that I am sure will not disgrace the electorate. In all the other electorates except one, our candi dates were returned ; and that candidate lost hiB election on account of his stating at the ' last moment, that he would see what could be done to encourage private schools. After that we could not support him and many votes were turned, to his opponent. The Bishop of London and Ballet Dancers.— The opinions of the Bishop of London and of the ballet dancers differ, about what is indecent in dreBS. Referring to his Lordship's charge that the ballet dancers appeared on the stage in indecent dress, a number of ballet dancere fulfilling engagements in the bishop's diocese, have addressed a remonstrance to him, which recapitulates the accusation of the bishop, and declares; "Now we members of the Christian churoh, earning our living by danc ing, beg to protest against this monstrous and shameful charge which you the chief pastor in the diocese have brought against us, and to declare that it is absolutely false. We do not my Lord, expect justice at your Lordship's hands ; but we intend to publish the protest-.against the foul accusation which your Lordship has publicly brought against us." Re-election of Sir Henry Parkes, Intention to grant the Franchise to Women.— On Monday Sir Henry Parkes was re- elected for St. Leonards, unopposed. : In addressing the electors he told them among other things that the Government proposed to bring in a bill to entirely remodel the electoral system of the country, and the new measure would give the elective franchise to women. All of his audience did not appear to approve of giving women votes, but there is no doubt an educa ted woman can give a more intelligent vote than an uneducated man. There is however one great danger in the granting of votes to women at present. That is that the great majority of educated Protestant women, with their interests centred in home and family, will, from want of interest and from the modesty which is a feminine oharm, not care to go out into the dust and bustle of an election to vote, and their gentle and retiring \- dispositions will shrink from the noisy tout ing for votes, the publicity, and the excite ment, and the drunkenness and fighting by which many an election is disgraced. On the other hand, the Roman Catholic women, sub- servient to the instructions of their priests, will record their voteB in a body, without in telligence but merely as their priests direct, and will consider that they gain merit by voting as the "Church" orders them. No love of retirement will keep the Roman Catholic women back when the priests order them to vote, and threaten and penance them if they do not. The consequence is that the Roman Church, which is already vastly too powerful a political organisation, will have its power vastly increased ; for women are its most subservient, unreasoning dupes. The great majority of Roman Catholio women are ignorant and unlettered, they are found in the back slums, and among the loweBt grades of tlm working class, and this class . of women which are so numerous among the Roman Catholic population are used to roughness and drunkenness, and have loBt the innate feminine modesty of their more refined sisters; and will without trepidation go to the polling places and vote as they are ordered. The granting of the power of voting to women must come sooner or later ; but while the papal church hold such omnipotent sway over a large number of women's consciences and votes ; and while so large a number of women whom the priest has no power over, will not exercise their franchise, the granting of voteB to women is .putting a terribly powerful weapon into the hands of the ever-grasping papal church, which it will use with terrible effect against our liberties. In the quiet municipal elections where female ratepayers have votes, it is well-known that it is almost impossible to persuade any proportion of Pro testant women to vote ; while from crowded back alleys every papist charwoman will come to vote at the instance of the priest, for the nominee of the R.C. Church. This is well, understoad by all who have worked in any elections. In Paddington, where there are large numbers of small poor tenements, this_ thing is particularly noticeable. The papist women come religiously to vote for the man the priest has told them to vote for ; and Protestant ladies will not come. Consequently the priest's nominee too frequently defeats an independent superior man ; and the result is shewn in the scenes that are notorious in the Paddington Council. It is noteworthy that at each election those who cannot read, and therefore have to vote publicly, always have it quite pat whom they are, going to vote for, and always it iB for the same man, ,tho priest's, man. The exceptions are mar vellously few. And it is known that nearly all those who cannot read and write are Roman Catholic Irish, and the exceptions, i.e., those who though 'they cannot read do not vote for the priest's man, about correspond to the number of unlettered Protestants who re cord their votefi. We may well dread the effect of putting so powerful a weapon into the hands of an intolerant church, ever striking at our liberties. TheChurclt of Rome's claim to Authority. — The Rev. Charles Hastings Collette says : — In the "Catholic Directory " for 1880,r " issued as usual under the authority of His Eminence Cardinal Manning, as Archbishop, of Westminster, and of the rest of the Episcopal College," we are informed that : — " St. Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, re ceived from the Lord the supreme Pontificate, to be transmitted to his successors, established the See at Antioch, and thence transferred to Rome, where he suffered martyrdom 29th June, 67." In the most recent work issued from the ; Roman Press, the 6th Edition of " Catholio Belief " (1887), also endorsed and recom mended by Cardinal Manning, we read in p. 264 :— " Saint Peter became Pope on the Ascension, of Jesus Christ ; that, in the year 29 of the Vulgar Era, and Bishop of Rome in 42, where he died martyr, in the year 67." That is to say he presided as Bishop25 years. It is on these statements, for which, there is not a tittle of evidence in support, that the Popes of Rome claim to themselves all the prerogatives of Peter, and have vested in them supreme authority over the whole Church of Christ. As such successors they also become infallible — in faith and morals — when they speak to the whole world, and that their decisions are irreformable. Hence the exclusive claim to authority by divine right. From this it would appear that there are two infallible authorities, The Church, as planted by Christ, and the Pope, as the alleged successor of Peter. This duplex system is formally claimed in " Catholic Belief" above referred to as —first, " The Bishops of the Church of Rome, when acting, or united, with their head or chief, the Pope of Rome," that is, we presume, the Onurch in General Council ; and secondly, the Pope personally when he publishes his decreeB to the world in his official capacity on questions of faith and morals — ex cathedra from his Pontificial Chair as the alleged head of the Church. This latter proposition., was first formulated by Pope Pius IX. into an article of Faith in January, 1870, and accepted by the Vatican Council as a prerogative of the Pope, independent of the Churcb. Thereupon the doctrines of the Pope's Supremacy and hiB Infallibility were incorporated as part of the Roman Creed as articles of faith thus : — " I likewise undoubtedly receive and pro fess all other things which the Sacred Canons and General Councils, and particularly the Holy Council of Trent, and the ((Ecumenical . Vatican Council, have delivered, defined, and declared, and in particular about the supre macy and infallible teaching of the Roman Pontiff." — " Catholic Belief," p.343. Itlicliael Davitt refuses to" Drink tlie Queen's Health.— The Dublin Mail of the 18th August, reports that at the ceremony of the opening: of the Pisoatorial School at Baltimore (Ireland), Michael Davitt, who was one of the guests, refused to drink the health of Her Most Gracious Majesty. Says the journal : Possibly owing to the fuss and excitement attendant upon the opening of the Piscatorial School at Baltimore yesterday, an incident which de serves to be recorded has escaped the obBerva-. tion of the reporters of all the morning papers. Amongst the guests who attended the cere mony were the Archbishop of Cashel and Mr. Michael Davitt. The latter, on learning that the toast of the Queen occupied its' proper, place on the toast list, became highly indig nant, and refused to identify himself in any way with the proceedings. Nay more, he sought out his Graoe of Cashel, and engaged in an animated conversation, with him. The subject of the dialogue has not, of course, transpired, but if Mr. Davitt's object was to induce Dr. Croke to follow his example ; he was not successful. Mr. Davitt remained about the place whilst; ,the trustees were dis pensing their hospitality. It must have been gall and wormwood to him to hear the shouts of enthusiasm with which our Sovereign Lady's health was drunk. New Convention between France and England.— On Wed nesday afternoon, the Colonial Secretary announced in the Legislative, Assembly, the receipt of a telegram from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the Governor, and another from the Agent General, both announ cing the signing of the convention between France and England. The lelegram from the Agent General was the fullest; It was " Convention signed yesterday between Great Britain and France provides for faithful recognition of the treaty of 1878, France to evacuate the New Hebrides within four months of signing treaty." The announcement was received with cheers from both sides of the House. Generous Donation to the Planning River Hospital.— Mrs. Auffray, the Escaped Nun, iB alwayB generous in contributing to the sick, poor and needy, though at "Ballarat, and in Ipswich, the hospital Committee. actually refused to accept the proffered donation, being blinded by popish bigotry and hate. Those hospital Committees have had to suffer loss of casta! of subscriptions, and have been made to feel the righteous indignation of subscribers to the hospitals at their unwarrantable intro duction of sectarian hatred into an unsectarian charity. Though the Ipswioh hospital com mittee foolishly refused the free gift, Mrs, Auffray would not therefore withold what she ..had devoted to charity, and gave the donation instead to the rescue home, for "women which the Salvation Army has estab lished. It will be remembered that the pro ceeds of the lecture that the papists, " Dean Doyle's good people," broke up at Lismore, were to be given to the local hospital, and though the papists succeeded in preventing that lecture by a murderous attack, they did not prevent the charitable lady 'from carrying out her intention. On Saturday, 15th inst;, Mrs. Auffray gave a lecture at Taroe in aid of the funds of the Manning River Hospital, (being her third lecture, there), and the pro ceeds were £15. By the Government grant of £1 for every pound subscribed by the public, the hospital's funds therefore are the richer by £30 by Mrs. Auffray's donation. How wisely different the action of the Manning River Hospital Committee waB to that of the other hospital committee we have mentioned,, the following copy of the letter sent in acknowledgment will show. Taree, October 15th, 1887. Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Auffray, Taree. My dear Madam, — I have much pleasure in conveying to you the sincere thanks of the Committee of the Manning River Hospital for your generous donation of £15 to its funds, and in acquainting you that your name shall be placed on the list of "Life Members" of the Institution. Please accept the assurance of their and my own wannest and heartfelt wishes for your future health, prosperity and happiness, and believe me, Yours moBt sincerely and respectfully, ' Richard Churchill. flop. Sec. Manning River Hospital. 