WILLIAMSTOWN RACING CLUB. There was a large attendance at the pretty little course by the seaside yesterday) The weather was delightful, and the racing up to the average in point of interest-a combination of circumstances that satisfied bath the club and its patrons In the Hurdle Race Mookra repented in Elsternwick park performance of Saturday, by lying in a raised position all the way cutting down the le term at the home turn, and winning in a canter from Plaudit and Locket, the other placed horses. The 1 oranges, who was back e 1 down to 7 to 4, beat ii held of nine in the Maiden Kia, though the verdict might have been reversed had the boy on Kitty 1 isher not been blocked in attempting to get upon the inside Chronograph was second, and Filly J Usher third Julian Grey, on his Moonee Valley running of a fertiliser ago, has made the favourite for the Altona Handicap, but Achmet com lug with a well timed run at the end of the lawn beat both St Michael and Julian Grey who occupied the other places but record won the Selling Race, from Sorcerer and 13 in Une, and in a owner had to pay says to keep him, all of which goes to the club a exchequer ] our started for the Steeplechase shamrock fell, and after the semblance of a race at the last fence between Marquis of Waterford and fun [street r, the favourite, the former- won in a canter Holman received a (severe shaking,, but was able with assistance to walk to the jockey's room. The best race of sheds) had a field of 11, for which William 1 veil was installed the public choice When the) case fairly going Kitty 1 father rushed to the front, and remained there to the end of the journey Sorcerer made a great attempt to by up, and not reached the mare a neck as they passed the post. William Tell, the favourite, was third HURDLE RACE, Of 70 FOIS. Second 10 sons One mile and a half. Mr M I E hill) a li in Mooibal by Hire, Arthur Darra! to 6yrs 10st lb, Including 7lb. penalty (lung) 1 Mr J UlularasBbh I'lauJit, 0 yrs Oat 4lb (Dar diner) 2 Mr J A Alexander's er g Rocket, 3 yrs or aged, Hat. Dib (Loniionolly) 3 Mr J Lau Your b h Aristides, li jrs list. 2lb. (Lau son) 0 Mr J Labor's be. Sweetmeat, aged, 10st 12lb (SI Cillloel ) 0 Mr O cilasscocka b g Courage, 4 yrs 9st 4lb (Allen) 0 Betting -5 to 4 best Moolgai 3 to 1 aged Plaudit Mian the Hit, must soon blocked and Aristides made for, ultu Courage Uaudi' sweetmeat, an I Woolgar total or At the first hurdle Courage led over the two and ere it) about the same order de forth by left the straight I caught noa at the head of the fluid Mooibal and Austin tea together another's ulthlnalcnetliof on li other Along the side and up to the stables Moolgai was pulled back to fourth position and after till j once led the leaders again Rounding. the lion c him the order was built and also came within a few case of each other Conran and Sweetmeat side by side and Aristl los drop) in to the rear in the straight Moonah was on terms with I audit, and after clearing the last hurdle drew away) and iron by a length RocKet was third, and then came Articles courageous Sweetmeat three, Human 2sec MAIDEN PLATE, 01 CO so a. second 10 wore. Fu o furlongs. Mr J Manure be has forsaken by Its) id Hayllar Claimant 3) in 9st. 4lb (Bence) 3 Mr W t, Hi kuiboihauia br m Maud, were, 7st Ulli Harbin 2 Mr J O leda bl Kitt) 1 Usher 3 yrs, 7st 4lb (R Williams) 3 Mr C Taylor's is of Chronograph, 4 yrs 7st 4lb., carried 7st till (Brown) 0 Mr A li W 1 his br g Harbinger, aged, "ot. Dib (Itlcktttson) 0 MIA I Bradshaw who The Dreamer, 2 ) rs, Oit, 7lb (Blair) 0 Mr J W Brittingham who Prattle, 2 yrs, 6st 7lb , carried list will (Iticiimon I) 0 Mr M Jacobs a eli of Lord Carrington 2 ) rs, Ost. rib carrie boat has (Itidfearu) 0 Mr J A 1 n, s b g lined r, 2 ) re 9st 2lb. Simmonds 0 Iletth k 7 to 4 acres The Forsaken 3 to 1 each agst Chronohrai h and Kitty 1 Fisher, 6 to 4 cwt Maud, 0 to I can't rattler Alter one attache) at the flag fell to a fair start. Fraser was the first to make lay and Immediately afterwards the running was taken up by The for sal.e Maud and flutter next and the rest Some. time The favourite Ud Ibu Held borne, and won by half a let watch from Chronocrat I) Kitt) Hshorwis third 1 rattler fourth Maud truth The Dreamer Sixth, the others together and Lord Carrington last, line), him) Race ALTONA HANDICAP, OIlOOsoi«. second lOsota. Six furlongs Mr J M hlttttiííham a gr o Aohiuot 4yra.tyAn.n9 Scandal-lllppona, list 10lb carried 6st life (Blohm i i) Mr S Horsfall b c St Michael 2 yrs 6st (Blair) 2 Mr J Harper's b g Julian Gre), - yrs, but 1-lb (Bulee) 8 Mr 1 Hales b m Beeswing, aged, Bat 4th (O Connor) 0 Mr J T. Reid ch g The Ghost aged, 7st life. (U lilian) 0 ss) Ula J Holmes' b of Dufferin 3 12, 7st 10lb. Ulalu lV) 0 Mr J Croker Jun s b g Childe Harold aged, 7st 5lb (-James Is) 0 Mr b Collins s bro- Gasburner, 4 yrs Oat Elb (Maybin) 0 Mr W E- Dakin a bro- Damocles, B ) rs 8st 7lb (Case) ) 0 Mr J A Lang's br U) Agatha, 6 yrs or aged. Cat 7lb (I o Heir) 3 Betting 0 to 4 best Julian Ore) 2 to 1 right Dame des 7 to I agst Achmet July of Ore) was anxious to go before the (rain fell, but when the) horn despatched was slow to move Achmet and those in, a colour showed most proud Dent but before they had reached to the the favourite was left ill), with St Michael on his quarter Damocles Achmet Gssl timer Childe Harold and The Ghost together, and Dufferin a dozen Itnittiis held id Koun near the home turn Julia Grey was still at the head of affairs and refining came fast on the outer To Reaching the leaders as the) centre 1 the straight the ban) on Achmet made a lull timed run from the end of the lawn and won by three quarters of a length St Michael was second ed, and the favourite third is nock 1 child line trains Gasburner Damocles The Ghost City the Harold Beeswing, Agatha and Dufferin line from Silsoe. UKI UNO BACK Of 100 says Weight for age Winner to be SO U for 100 to 5 Four cartons and a half Mr R K Maitland s b or lir g stafford, by Lord Lytton-road aged carried Utt 10lb bill (Hence) Mr E Nathaniel g Sorcerer, 6 yrs 9st life, till (Hodgman) I Mr J R Held His Bar One, and, carried Out 10lb nil (Williams) 8 Mr T Jones's ch f Delamla, 4 yrs OatlUb, nil (Blair) 0 Mr G Kerr br g Merton, aged Cat 91, nil (line.) 0 letter g -6 to 4 each right Staffelei and Sorcerer, 3 to I nest Bar Um Merion and Details were first to move, and as soon as they were "going stafford an 1 Scourer worn with the In liar and was last Along the back Horourcr lid i lib stafford on his quarter storing the straight the two were head and head but before the distance was reached stafford had the others beaten Coming on he won easily by three length! from Sorcerer shows a length in advance of liar Olio Uelamla was fourth nut) Mertoun but Time, Race, The winner was bought by Mr 193. STEEPLECHASE, Of 15 Sovs , second 10 sovs. Two miles. Mr If Conolly ns g g Marquis of Waterford, by Union aged, 10st 5lb (Gardiner) 1 Mr R. Gray na br g Tandatlokor, aged, 6st 7lb, carried 9st. 10lb. (King) 2 Mr T Jones's br g Stag aged, 10st 10lb (Ander son) 8 Mr A Forbes s b g Shamrock, aged, 9st. 8lb (Hoi man) 0 Betting -6 to 4 agst Tandutlokcr 3 to 1 aged Stag, 3 to 1 agat Marquis of Waterford Four out of the five left in went to the post, Tana stoker being made a strong favourite Marquis of Waterford led off followed by landslides. Stag and Songster about six lengths away A length separated the three as they jumped the first fence Tandsticker output ping the grey horse Rounding the bend they were together, with Stag Jumping wildly six lengths and Shamrock li lengths away The last of the treble in front of the stand brought down Sham rock, And landseekers carried on the running from the straight. At the sheds the trio were together, and only a length separated Marquis of Waterford and Tandsticker The former was first into the straight and won in a canter by three lengths bung being a similar distance behind the second horse Time, 4min Silsoe stAFonn nAvniOAP, Of 70 Sovs ; second 10 Sovs Five furlongs. Mr J G Holds b I Kitty Fisher by Robinson Crusoe Lady Spec, 3 5 yrs, 8st. 3lb, carried (Jit, like (Williams) 1 Mr S Nathan a br g Sorcerer 5 yrs, 7st 3lb Redfearn 2 Mr a Miller's ch h William Tell, 6 yrs, 10st 3lb (Twotuoj) S Mr J Cohen sbf Umbra 4 j rs 8st 5lb (William son) 0 Mr b Martins b of Kew Fashion 3 yrs Bat lib O'Connor 0 Mr J IVI Ellingham s gr o Achmet 4 yrs 7st 4lb, Including 7lb penalty (Richmond) 0 Mr J A. LatE s b m chloris, ft j rs. Oat 8lb , carried 9st lb (Turnhom) 0 Mr W E Dakin s bro Damocles, 3 yrs, Oat 616 (Case)) 0 Mr J Harper's b of The Forsaken, 3 yrs 6st, carried Out lib (Boneo) 0 Mr J Walsh's b m Hash of Lightning, aged, 9st, carried est 2lb (Majbln) 0 Mr J Redfearn s i f Minnlgroy, 2 yrs 6st (0 Redfearn) 0 Betting -5 to 4 agst William Tell, 4 to 1 agst The Forsaken, 0 to 1 cool Kitty Fisher, Damocles, and Achmet sorcerer and Kitty Fisher were first away but before they had reached the training sheds VV alliance Tell was in front the others and have a id Minna grey some lengths in the rear At the home turn Ivilty Usher was Both the Held and leading Will Ham fell into the straight remained there to the finish Sorcerer and Vctimot each made an effort at His distance and William Tell put forth a feeble attempt to reach the leader but the mare was kept cob gaud beat bordered by a neck. IV William Tell was then 1 half a length away and then came Achmet The forsaken the rest in a cluster, and Miuuigrey absolutely last Time 1min Grace 