Carnival at St. Leonards. On Monday evening the carnival and conversa zione which opened on Saturday evening was con tinued. The object of the exhibition, is to liqui date the existing debt on the School of Aits .and replenish the library connected with the institu tion. Quite an army of helpers came forward to assist. ? A room is deroted to the exhibition of island curios, lent by Mrs. Fairfax, of Admiralty House - also in the same room are some beauti fully finished paintings of birds by Mr. Seville Cayley. Opposite to this room is a room set apart for the Telegraphic Departmeat and the Govern ment Printing Office. Mr. J. Cormick shows for the first-named office a well- assorted collection of electric models. There axe an electric tramway, a dredge pump, and an ingenious arrangement consisting of stamper, saw bench, lathe, and grindstone, each of which is driven by electricity. A miller's electric lamp is exhibited for the first time ia H.S.W., and from what the repre sentative of the department states should be an acquisition to miners. The vacuum tubes excited much interest. Mr. tir. Bird had under his charge samples of type photographic apparatus, a model printing machine, and paper- mache shells as used for printing newspapers. Also a fine collection of photographs of colonial scenery. Up stairs there was a small art gallery. The fol- \ lowing were the first prizes taken by exhibitors : Miss E. Whiting, for an oil painting-, also for a water color draining ; Miss Biigh, for painting on china and for painting on satin ; Miss 'Wyatfc, for a painting ; Miss Bennett, a special prize for a water color en plaque ; and Miss' Leslie, highly recommended for drawing in crayon. In the art g&llery; there. were some splendid camples of painted photographs by Mrs. £. F. Love; a, group of the Governor's children at tracting much attention - from the visitors. Arranged round the gallery were a number of photographs, and a photo, of a part of Sydney near the Governor's house, lent by Dr. Ward. Messrs. MacdoaaeU showed some of their microscopes, and were bueily occupied all the evening. The large hall of the School of Arts was quite 'brilliant with flowers and gay colors. Of the fashionably dressed audience on Monday night, the flower stalls was under the superintendence of Mrs. Small and Mrs. H&mly;, assisted [by Mrs. Perldn, aad Miss Morrie Liggins. The principal stall of goods for sale was {presided over by Mrs. Barnett and Mrs. W. K. Savers, while refreshments were served by Miss Kirby. Miss J. Hobson sent a collection of shells, and Mr. Flemsiing a case of snakes. Messrs. Webb and Son had a stand of glassware. A. few prizes were given for the best col lection of flowers. Mrs. W. K. Say era carrying- off the first prize fer six-growing pot plants, and the best ferns, Mrs. BHsh taking first prize for hand bouquets. During the evening- Mr. Eiehards sang ' I seek for thee in every flower.' Miss Hollander and another lady also helped in the musical part of the performance (organised by Messrs. Larby and Jackson). Tableaux vivants were to be seen every quarter of an hour, and were thoroughly appreciated, '?' The Eastern Question,' 'Coptic Woman,' 'Our Captive.' and ' Diogenes in the Tub/* feeing perhaps the most popular. A. magic lantern, belonging to the Technical College, and worked by Mr. M'Lorlej in a tent outside, received its fair share of support. A minstrel troupe, under the direction of Mr. Brassett-Popkias, was the delight ot the juveniles. Mr. J. H. Bumseyi of 'the Technical College, who h&s; for years been associated with the North Shore School of Arts, had quite a display of scientific instruments, and was kept busy explain ing the various uses aud construction of his ex hibits. There was an apparatus illustrating ' Pepper's Ghost, ' a small camera, obscm-a, singing flames, an instrument showing the motive power of light, Bell's telephone in parts, a hand* dynamo made by a student of the college, models of coal mines, furnace for smelting ores, and a steam-engine and boiler. Mr. Anderson sent a 'calculator,' Mr. John L. Bruce, C.E., samples of cement from Egypt, Pompeii, p.nd other old world places, with the analysis of the same ; and Professor Anderson a very pretty zoetrope, show ing the working of the valves of the heart. Altogether, the carnival was a decided success. Balmain Police News. — At the Balmain Court the following were dealt with: — Drunkenness- James Grant, 63, shipwright, 10s or two days ; Francis Wren, 21, sawyer, 10s or two days; John King, 63, laborer, 5s or rising of Court; John Coss, 23, bricklayer, 20s or four days; Michael Carroll, 19, laborer, drunk and disorderly, 40s or seven days. Michael Carroll, 19, William Coulter, 17, and Thomas Farrell, 23, were charged, jointly, with stealing & set of four quoits,' value 17s 6d, the property of Charles 31. Gilberthorpe. They each received three months' gaol, with hard labor. Kate Honeyman, 27, received six months' gaol for annexing a new hat, value 30s, the property of Mary Finn.' Sydnzy Pratt, drunk and disorderly, was fined £2, 4s lOd costs, or seven days. Edward Malford, same offence, £2, 4s lOd costs, or seven days. James Middleton, entering closed lands, fined 5s, 4s lOd costs, or six hours. Frank O'Mara, same offence, 5s, 4s lOd costs, or six hours. Thomas Cole, keeping unregis tered aog, fined 10s, 6s 8d costs, or three days. Alexander Malcolm, for same neglect, was fined 10s, 4s lOd costs, or three days. Charles B. Gilber thorpe, breach of the Licensing Act. He per mitted cards to be played at his licensed house at half-past 11 p.m., and was fined JB1, 5s 6d costs. or seven dayB' gaoL William Jackson, furious riding, fined £2, 2s 6d costs, or fourteen days. Albert Newport, same offence, £2, 2s 6d costs, or fourteen days. . Matthew Brown and Michael Car roll were each fined 5s, 2s 6d costs, or 24 hours, for allowine their horses to stray. jtf'AXss Pbetences.— For some time past two individuals have, it is alleged, been collecting moneys with, the avowed object of doing eo on behalf of the -widow and child of a well known litterateur. The widow has sot received a penny from these collectors, and she furthermore feels humiliated at these false representations having been made, as she is not in need of charitable donations. Among credulous donors who have lately been 'had,' may. be mentioned three prominent men in theatrical circles. Tiiese gen tlemen intend instituting criminal proceedings against their deceivers. Thb Adelaide ExHiBrTXON. — In the Assembly, last night, Mr. Barbour asked the Colonial Secretary whether Mr. J. C. Neild had ? yet fur nished particulars of items of expenditure in connection with the Adelaide Exhibition, in his capacity as Executive Commissioner. Sir Henry Parkes answered — I have here a memo, from the Audit Office to the effect that no accounts have reached that department up to tue present time ; that is, bo accounts in detail. Vageanct. — Janses Martin end Walter New land were each cent, to gaol for three montixB hard labor for being habitual vagrantis. 