CHAPTER LVI. THE CASE FOR THE DEFENDANT. On the resumption of the case, on the fol- lowing morning, there was even a larger at- tendance of the public than there had been on the first day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated the case for the defence as follows: "My lord, gentlemen of the jury—my learned friend began yesterday by telling you how deeply his heart was touched by the pathetic condition in which his client has been placed by the defendant. I shall begin by telling you that my feelings also are in- terested in this case, in as much as I cannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pre- tensions of the plaintiff, based as they are upon the unwarrantable assumption that my client, Sir Charles North, a gentleman widely known and esteemed, has leagued himself with one of the most respected solicitors of this city to defraud by means of forgery and perjury. For, if the case for the plaintiff be true, these gentlemen must have entered into such a conspiracy, and been guilty of such crimes. I shall soon show you, however, upon how rotten a foundation this charge is based, and how, in reality, the guilt is with those who make the charge. In the first place it is necessary to consider the claim made by the plaintiff under the supposed will of which so much has been said. His lord- ship will not fail to tell you, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless you are thoroughly satisfied that this will is genuine, it will be your duty to return a verdict for the defendant, without taking into your consideration the deed of transfer under which he now holds the pro- perty at issue. I must ask you distinctly to understand that a verdict for the defendant will in nowise bar any future claim which may be made by persons fancying themselves entitled under any other will, but will be merely an expression of opinion on your part that the will we are now dealing with was not made by James Tredegar, or was not a genuine ex- pression of his last wishes. For, I beg you to remark that it by no means follows, even if you are satisfied that he executed that will, that it was a bona-fide expression of his in- tentions with reference to the disposal of his property. Our case is that he made many wills, with a view to deceive his solicitor, who now acts for the claimant, and we con- tend that, even if the will in question were genuine, it was merely intended as a blind. But I am in hopes that I shall be able to show clearly that the will is merely an impu- dent forgery. Let us now consider what the plaintiff's witnesses have to say with reference to this matter. Mr, Thistlethwaite says he prepared many wills for the deceased gentle- man, thus admitting a most important fact. He also admitted that he had been in corres- pondence with the plaintiff, and might have informed him of his father's illness, and urged him to come over to England at once." " Mr. Thistlethwaite did not say that he might have urged the plaintiff to come to England, he merely admitted that, as he was in correspondence with Stephen Tredegar, on other matters, at the time, he might have informed that gentleman of his father's illness," interjected Mr. Bump- tious. "My learned friend may be right," said Serjeant Jekyll, " but it is of no real conse- quence, for the witness admitted that a letter which was shown to him was apparently in his own handwriting, and that letter will show conclusively that, not only did he urge Stephen Tredegar to come over at once, but that he wrote to him for no other purpose. Let me now direct your attention to the pecu- liar circumstances attendant upon the exe- cution of this extraordinary will. The soli- citor swears that the testator was too ill to speak in the presence of the witnesses; Jabez Hooker and John Stiles swear that it was read over to them before it was executed—a most unusual course of procedure, as His Lordship will tell you—and John Stiles swore that the room was so dark that he could not well distinguish the features of the deceased gentleman. These witnesses were compara- tive strangers to the testator, being merely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had been the habit of dealing, who had been called in to witness the will because legacies were left to all the servants of the household. This is a very convenient way of securing a body of useful allies, and, at the same time, securing the absence from the room of per- sons intimately acquainted with the deceased. What will you think, gentlemen, when I tell you that James Tredegar was not in that room at all?" Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill of ex- pectation was noticeable throughout the court, the case was becoming exciting. Many eyes were turned on the Professor and Thistlethwaite, who exchanged a hurried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptious. They both looked pale and anxious, but Ser- jeant Jekyll alone had noticed the slight start, and rapid interchange of glances, with which his announcement had been received by them. He resumed: "Yes, gentleman, incredible as it may at first appear to you, I assert that James Tredegar had no more to do with that will than you or I. I do not impugn the testimony of the witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word they said, but they were deceived in supposing that James Tredegar signed that will, for the person who did it was his son, the plaintiff, Stephen Tredegar !" This denunciation, the learned gentleman delivered with tremendous force, and, for a moment, the Professor, upon whom all eyes were turned, winced, as if under the lash of a whip, Whence had they derived the informa- tion upon which this accusation was founded? He knew not—he could not imagine how a secret only known to himself and Thistle- thwaite had been betrayed. Turning to his lawyer who sat by his side, he asked, by a glance, the question he dared not give utter- ance to. Thistlethwaite, pale as a ghost, had yet presence of mind enough to shrug his shoulders, as if insinuating that the accusa- tion was merely a trumped-up charge, of a piece with the rest of the case for the defence. This pantomime did not occupy a minute, whilst the serjeant was wiping his brow, and drinking some water. " Gentlemen of the jury," he oontinued, " by a special act of Providence, we have been placed in possession of the facts of this de- testable conspiracy; for the real truth of the impersonation was known only to the guilty parties themselves; but, out of their own mouths, we shall convict them. We might close our case here, but I shall not rest until I have thoroughly convinced you of the truth and honor of my esteemed client, Sir Charles North, and his solicitor, Mr. Freeman. I shall produce witnesses who will swear to the signatures on the deed of transfer—experts, men of business and personal friends of the deceased, and I believe that in face of their testimony, you will entertain no shadow of doubt that it is a genuine document. You have been told that my client and the late Mr. Tredegar speculated largely together, and that the various payments between the two gentlemen, which, we contend, were in pur- suit of the contract made by the deed of transfer, were, in reality, but incidental to such speculation. It happens, most unfor- tunately, that the books of the broker who was employed by them, were des- troyed, but we shall produce receipts and entries in ledgers which I think you will have no difficulty in acknowledging as genuine, and the important fact must not be overlooked by you that the payment of five thousand pounds was made at regular intervals by Sir Charles North, which could scarcely be the case if it were in pursuance of haphazard speculation in stock and shares. With reference to the theory that a large loan had been made by Tredegar to North. I shall only point out its extreme improba- bility, as Sir Charles North's banker will prove conclusively that he was never in want of money within his (the banker's) knowledge, and that his drafts would always have been honored to a very large amount in excess of his balance. The fact is that the case of the plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, as far as the deed of transfer is concerned. The theory of my learned friend involves the supposition, not only that more than one forgery has been com- mitted by Sir Charles North, or at his in- stance, and that various respectable persons are willing to perjure themselves, but it also involves the supposition that a series of coincidences have occurred which have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. This is a violent assumption which would only be warrantable if facts supported it; as it is, it is the 'baseless fabric of a vision'—as airy and unsubstantial as a Will-o'-the-wisp. I will now—before dealing with the plaintiff's claim under the supposed will—proceed to establish our posi- tion with reference to the deed of trans- fer. Sir Charles North then entered the witness- box, and deposed that he was the defendant. Had known the late James Tredegar for many years, and been associated with him in many speculations. Received one day a letter from him (produced) in accordance with which the deed of transfer was prepared and executed. Sir Charles then gave a long explanation of all the circumstances of the case known to the reader, and produced a number of receipts, letters, bank-books &c.; He was subjected to a prolonged cross- examination by Mr. Bumptious, who strove in vain to make him loose his temper or contradict himself, and, on taking his seat, was congratulated by Serjeant Jekyll upon his behaviour in the witness-box. Amongst other questions, he had been asked whether he had not sought to detach Dart and Alma Tredegar from their uncle. Sir Charles admitted that he had offered them a house, being satisfied that the Pro- fessor had only borne the cost and trouble of their education for the purpose of ingratiat- ing himself with his father; he added that in so doing he was merely carrying out the wishes of the elder Tredegar, who had urged him to adopt the children if he found them worthy. Sir Charles also said that, if he were successful in the suit, it was his inten- tion to divide the property equally be- tween Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at once. This announcement caused some sensation in court, and Mr. Bumptious audibly re- marked that it was merely an attempt to catch the sympathies of the jury, The next witness was Mr, Freeman, who also had nothing to tell that is not known to the reader, and was likewise subjected to muoh badgering by the counsel for the plaintiff. Two clerks in the employ of Messrs Free- man and Truelove then deposed that the signature of Thomas Sumner to the deed of transfer was, in their opinion, genuine, and that the body of the instrument appeared also to be written by him. Sumner had been often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as he occupied the position of confidential clerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on account of his dissipated habits, which had led to fre- quent absences from the office, and late atten- dance in the morning. Knew nothing else against him. The manager and the accountant of the bank with which the late James Tredegar did business, swore that the signature to the deed of transfer was, to the best of their belief, his ; and produced books showing entries of sums received and paid in connec- tion with the dealings between the deceased and Sir Charles North. An official from Doctor's Commons now produced the will under which the plaintiff claimed. Samuel Smithson, an expert of standing, was then examined, With reference to the deed of transfer, he was of opinion on com- paring it with other documonts in the hand- writing of Thomas Sumner that it was genuine. Being asked to look at the will he said that the signature of James Tredegar (attached to it) appeared also to be real, but, having learned that it was supposed to have been written whilst the deceased gentleman was speechless, and in extremis, he had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as a forgery. No man could, under such circum- stances, write his name in his ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signa- tures obtained under almost similiar circum- stances, and in no single instance was there one which bore more than a general shaky resemblance to the signatures of the persons, whilst in health. Mr. Curtis then handed the witness some letters, and asked him to compare the writing and signatures, and say whether, in his opinion, they were all written by the same hand. Mr, Smithson examined them long and carefully, and said that they were most un- doubtedly so written, adding that corrobora- tive evidenoe was afforded by the paper which bore the same water-mark and the printed address at the commencement of the letters, in which the peculiarity might be noticed that the tail of the numeral " 2" was missing in all, thus showing that the type used had been broken, and that all had been printed at the same time. Mr. Bumptious asked to see the letters in question, "All in good time, my friend," said Mr. Curtis. " One of them is the letter from Thistlethwaite to the plaintiff, which has been already before the court. You will have an opportunity for inspecting them all presently." In (cross-examining this witness, Mr. Bumptious strove hard to lessen the fact of his testimony by asking him whether, after all, questions as to the genuineness of signa- tures were not merely matters of opinion, and whether it was not possible that other experts, equally skilled with himself, might not hold a contrary opinion, to his &c.;, &c.; But Mr. Smithson was well used to the witness-box, and had been asked questions too often to feel embarrassed, he replied, after such fashion that Mr. Bump- tious might as well have left the questions unasked. Another expert then gave similar evidence, and was suffered to leave the box without cross-examination. To him succeeded a well-known physician of high standing, who swore that, in the condition that James Tredegar was said to be, it would be almost impossible for him to use such muscular exertion as would be re- quired to write his signature in his ordinary manner. " Might not," asked Mr. Walton in cross- examination for the plaintiff. " Might not a dying man brace himself to an effort under such circumstances, and write, for a minute, as usual ?" "Well, it is just possible, and that is all," replied the witness. Another doctor gave similar evidence, and then there was some stir in the court, as Mr. Curtis called "Henry Lascelles." 