A TRIP TO THE YILGARN HILLS. k SPECK- OF GOLD. [BY BENGALEE.] Ensuing, 16th Dec, 1889 j Our party. are still busy prospecting ; as i yet we lift ye wot found a nugget even as big as a common smoothing iron. We have done by a great seats of glaring at quartz, through magnifying illnesses tted other, ways, have done a goodly amount of Trenching for reefs, and have rent the air with fraguzeaî^ in the Yilgarn Hills ; luckily with no accidents or the denizens of the surrounding country. The only denizens of the Yilgarn Hills at present are Messrs. Von Bibra, Courthope and party, ourselves, and Mr. Timothy Shea, sole representative of the Leake and Anstey syndicate. The water here is just about close: It is about the consistency of weak pen sorrow and will not last much longer. -It is a . great pity there is such a scanty supply'," as" the.. country is likely enough for prospecting.' The fact that payable gold exists in the locality is conclusively proved by Messrs- Anstey, Payne, and Greaves, but whether it exists in payable quantities has yet to be demonstrated. I got the very faintest ghost of a colour in a dish of stuff from a roof we are trying. It was barely discernible with a magnifying glass. I glared at it for some time and pronounced it gold ; I then showed it to a man that know nothing about gold, he said it was gold, and another member of our party said it was gold. After' hearing this last decision I madly danced a safeguard round our spring cart, and contrived to lay the stick ; but three pair of eyes and one magnifying glass I can testify to its existence. We will 4 probably have to come in soon owing to static' failure of the water supply near the reef, and to register our claim, etc. Messrs. Daly, Dowd, Carrel and forty came back a day or two also from a trip to the eastward, but did not give us an encouraging report of the water supply in that direction. Our horses do not seem to appreciate the luxuriant herbage about Ensuing, but horses bred on and used to this country do well enough. There appears to be any amount of quartz reefs in all directions, and in all probability other roofs as good as false one already found, will be discovered in time. But they will require a good deal of looking for, and the expenditure of both time and money. So that even if nothing very startling is found, money will be put in circulation, and the colony in general benefitted. 