94e viý ph ii t 611115. .MONI.\V. M.\11ECHI 11, 1857. The writer of the letter signed " Pro lBono I'ublici" ha' nt furnished onus with his name mnd address. without hich his comminunioa Lion cannoit receive insertion. lesidents in the Matir district will lie pleasled to leon that itrrangeiments have niow ,een completed for the opening of the section of the Ieyfield andl lairnsd.eilc line as faris afair-a on the l8th inst. for public tralffie. rithe moining train, which now goes as far ias He "lield, will ie continumed oI its far its lnlfri, reaching Tinimba at 1.3:t1 p.mn., and .tld?i at I.Lti p.m. Thie evening train will arrive at I'in:mba at I I.IS p.m., and Maffnr at I l.:I p.m. lThe up.-trams leave M?aliou at in; a.i., awl :.4.I pin., panling Tim?inta at 1i.?{ p.m. aml 4 2 p.mn. 1Ve aiain direct attention to the bieneflit to te teni red to the Hospital this evening by Wirth iroi. circus. The performance is iniler the p.ttrontige of the mayor and nlenm ,ers of the Iorugh council. Thuriday next, 17th inst., has been pro cl iue l a public and bank holiday within the lhii es of Mt.ifra atnd Traralgon. Ani excursioni tripll from Sale to tairnsdale t ,ek place yesterday, in connectiont with the Sale C. V..\1. Society and IHibernian Society. The trip was a ,leliglitfully enjoyable one rtthriug:lot, and itas tiken advantago of by i arge nulber of persons of ln:h sexes. The Dargi had a full complement of passen gers, anl to ,reat was the demand for tiche:r that the promoters had reluctantly to diappoint a numbemr of ladios and gentle mein whto hadi intended to take adlvantage of the excaursion. The Avon shire farmers are dleterminedt apparently to give their opinion with no uncertain sound upon some at least of-the provisions of the Weights and Measures Statute as applied in their district. Meet lngs are called to take place at the Crite riot Hotel, Sale, on Saturday next, at the Clydebank Sta'e school on Monday evening the 21st, and at the Heart State school on Tuesday the 22nd to take the subject into consideration. It cannot be denied that the law is most oppressive, and in its effects in many cases very unjust. There is no doubt that the meetings will be well at tended. The Sale Post offiice clock was ander notice for a few minutes at the Borough Council meeting on Thursday evening last. A letter was read from MIr Gaunt, intimat ing that his contract had now expired, and pointing out that it will be necessary to make arrangements for winding and main tainiog the clock in future. The Mayor re marked that the council had nothing to do with this matter, as that body only stipu lated to light the clock with gas. It is quite time, however, that arrangements were made for the illumination of the dials, and at the same time it would be well to see that the matter of maintaining the clock is at once attended to. At the conclusion of the public meeting at Rosedalo on Saturday evening anent mail matters, a repot t of which appears else. where, it scas announced that a telegram had been receivel from Mr J.1. W. Simmons, the chairman of the Rosedale and 'arram rail way league, by Mr Geo. Greenwell, the seereoary, intimating that a survey party hadl been arranged for to survey the line to Port Albert. The news was received with warm marks of approval, and both the gentlemen named were accorded a hearty vote of thanks for the able manner in which they had worked to bring about so satisfac tory a result The progratmme of a grand national Irish vonicert, to be held in the Victoria Htall on Thursday evening next, St. Patrick's night, is publlished in our advertising columns, and is well worthy of pelrusal by lovers of a good variety progranmme. Mrs F. C. Mason, whose praises it is needless to sound, will sing " The last glimpse of Erin," and Miss Alice Rice, of Cowwar will make her first appci.arance before a Sale audience. Mr T. I. Browning, who needs no introduction to our readers, will sing "Tihe Red Scarf," aod "I fear no foe." and in company with Mr W. Farrant that beautiful duct, " Tie Mlooin has raised her Lamp." In addlition to the above first-class items, there will I; comic pieces introduced by Messrs J. Cltes, W. B. Smyth, C. Given, and others. Mr Lawsont will dance an Irish jig, and Mr Tindall will sing two Irish songs. Miss O'Farrell will act as accompanist, and Miss La Taugne will play a pianoforte solo. The whole will conclude witlt the well-known farce, "The Irish Justice." During the interval, Messrs l.eydin attnd White will ptlay " The Royal Irish Quadrilles." The V.A.T.C. races, arun for at Caulfield on Saturday, resulted tas follows :--?elling Race.-Maroney I, Ghost 2, Sorcerer 3. Hurdle Race.-Whalclbone I, Goodwood 2, Huntmsman 3. St. Kilda Cup.-Abuse 1, l'lhtaon 2, Kohai 3:1. Stcepleclhase.-Sweet. meat 1, Mlarmion 2, Roulette 3. Federal Stakes.-Boz 1, Bedonin 2.' Escutcheon 3. South YarraHandicap.--Vcscosa 1, William 'Te'll 2, Straight Shot :1. The annual meeting of the Sale District Teachers Association was held in the Sale State school on Saturday last when there were present, Mir F. Stocks, President, Sale; tnd Messrs Mankey, Wai-de- lock Wilsont. The Heart; Palmer, Wurruk ; and Rice, Stradbroke. The secretary, fMr Robertson, Blundalaguah, and treasurer Miss Middlemist, Sale, were also present. A letter was read from the central associa tion asking that a delegate be appointed for the annual conference ton be hehl in Ballarat at Easter. Mr White, of Rosedale, was appointed. The following is the business to he brought forward by the Sale association at that confercoe :-Abolition of rent for quarters in country districts; provision for horse in country places where a teacher lives over three miles distant; vacancies in town schools to be provided for teachers who wish to studly for the University ex aminations. The annual meeting then ad journed to the 19th inst.. when the election of olicers for the entuing year will take place, antd the annual report andl balance sheet will be read. The following business was transaected at the Sale police court on Friday last. before Messrs J. Little and T. Johnstonmte, J's.P.: - Robert Jackson, on remand for obtaining a horse by false pretences from George Millet, at Mlaffra, was again remanded for eight days. I'. A. Howard v. A. Ray, goods, etc., order for £4, with 151 6d costs ; N. andi F. Ray v. R. S. Laidlaw and A. Ritay, £30, goods, etc., order for £45 3s 24, with £3 Ss costs, and immediate execution : D. M'Mul lan v. T. Cole, goodst, etc., £8 17s 6d, order for amount, and 1Ss 6id costs; E. A. IDay v. Ctllen, 10 Gil for goods, order for 5s 6C, with 15s 6d costs : N. Ray v. T. Scott, goods, order for £7 8s Sd, and 15s rl costs; same v. Mrs A. Scott, gooas, £3 Is 3d, order for amount, with 5s costs. In a case in which It. Miller sued P. Colae for work and latour, examination proved that it was plaintiff who was indebted to the defendant, and an order in favour of the latter was malde for 4s 7d, with 1ai Gil costs. At the same court on Saturday, before Messrs A. W. Hlowitt, P.M., and J. Litlt', J.1'., IV. R. l'arkin was charged with hav ing no visible lawful means of support at .laffra on the I lth inst. The accusedl pleaded not guilty. Senior-constable Keon deposed that. whilst on duty on the 11th inst., at Maftra, he saw Parkin, who came to him at the Macalister Hotel and asked for a shilling to pay for his dinner. At the same time lihe tmale some nitmuttecring remark about being a stranger in the place. He afterwards saw him go elsewhere with tlhe same effect, The witness could bring nine or ten persons who could prove that Parkin had askedl them for money. Patrick Riley also gave evidence to the effect that the neoused did at Matffta on Friday ask him for a shilling to pay for his dinner. For the defente the accused contended that Itcwas a barrister.at.law, thattI he had the means of practising his profession at Traralgot, and at the present time had work on his tands to do for clients residitg at Moee, \'intar, Toongabbie, aud Traralgoi, and that le had a law library in connection with his stlIce, wtich £70 or £80 wottl not replace. IHe came to hlsffra on professional busintess, and. but for this inforttnate oc currence, woslt have beet that day at Tra ralgom. He stbmitted that he was entitled t, a.-l dismitsal. Senior-csmtable Keon argued that the evitlcee for the prosectution altowed that lParkin had tiot mntaintlned himself ty his practice. Mr Hoaitt said if the tilice coutl contradict the statentenst maile by the aectssd they had tlten an opportunity of idoig so. Senior.constable Keon apliied for a remand so that Ie could bring evidence tosuplart the charge. This, theibenchtwere tnwilling to grant, and discharged tlte acttsed. There is now on view in Mr A. W. Ben netts winulows Raymy nl.street, a hatisome gold medal, manufactured by him for the Caledotias Society, and presented to Mr W. t-outhridge, the whiner of the two.mile bicycle race at the recent sports. The medal has a sassive chased horder with a iteycle rider on one side, and a suitable inscription on the other. We uslcrst.and that a tea-meeting was hehl in the State school at Dutson, on Fri day evening last, in connection with thi Prcslyterinn church, whiclt was well at tcndetl, tio or thre relays havitg to be provided. The ladies who presided at the tables were Mlesdames StNaughton anoi Mt'Andre', and the Misses M'Nanghton anil M'Andrew. After the tea followed an entertainment at which speeches were de livecred by the Rev G. 51. Connor, anti Mr H. Btrns. The other tldies and gentletntc who took part were Misses C. Campbell, MPNaughtoo, 2, M'Laclmlan 2, Bott, and Messrs Thos. and R. M'Naghlton. Mr ltott kindly lent his piano for the occasion. The particulars in regard to an exttrsion to Bairnsdalei under the auspices of thle .Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, which is to take place on Thursday next (St. Patrick's day), will be found detailed in another column. Tise Govcrnrnent are inviting tenders for the erection of a new court-house at Msaffra Tenders will be received up till 25th April. The total soumber of cattle trucks to be loaded on all lines for this week's Melhourue sales is 189. There will ha despatched from Sale totmorrow, three trucks for A. MPLean annd Co., two for H. Gibson and Co., anti one for Pcarson Rowe and Co.; from Rosedale, six for Pearson Pote and Co., tive for A. M'Lean and Co., atmd two for I. Gibson and Co.; from Traralgon, one for R. Gibson and Cs.; from Heylichl, four for King atnl Coin poany, two for A. 51'Lean and Co., and one cih for Peck ani Ciii. and Pearsou Rowe andi Co. : from Co-wwar, foer for Powers ltithcrford ansi Co., ani otie for Peck nil Co.iantd from Mlorwell, one for R. Gibson and Co. Not the least important matter which en gaged the attention of the Avon shire coun cil at its last sitting was the numerously signed petition fromt the ratepayers of the bast and South ridings asking that the authoritiesshould take into consideration the placing of a punt over tihe Avon river near RIamshycuek. The number of signatures appended to the document were 77, as re ported in The Gippcland Timci, and not 17 as appeared in another paper, and many of these persons own and occupy land on hath sides of the river. Hitherto it has been impossihble for ratepayers resident only a few miles from each other to transact business together without travelling up round by Stratford and then down by the other side of the river, making a journey of about twenty miles round, which could be aeconm plished in something more like three miles were there a crossing such as is petitioned for available. When the rich quality of tihe land on tihe Clydebank side is considlered together with the excellent grazing capabili ties of the Meerlien district, on the other, it will be seen that the dificulty of communica tion between them moest of necessity he at tended with a decided inconvenience and loss to parties who have business on both sides, while at tihe same time the value of tice land in both of the districts mustalso be depre-. ciated. It would appear from thie case made out by thie representatives of thie petitioners that their interests are seriously involved in this matter, and as it is, of course, thie policy of a municipal body to encourage and facili tate business eommunicatiotn between the several districts within its jurisdiction, tihe petitioners will no doubt soon find their reasonable request granted and tihe crossing made available. Persons in whom the proprietorship of ground in the Sale general cemetery is vested will observe by a notification from the trustees which appears elsewhere that they are bound to keep their allotments clean and in good order, failing which tihe trustees are ecmpowered to causo the work to be done at the risk and cost of owners. We willingly draw tlhe attention of the parents of the pupils attending the Slate school drawing classes to Mr Farrant's letter, which appears in our open eolumn. Slate and pencil are suflicient for the use of children in the production of their first elementary studies in lines. but of course these must be discarded in favour of softer and more pliable materials as the pupils advance in thle art of drawing. The number of inhabitants of the follow ing licensing districts have been declared as follows :-Tlrcralgon, 3,930; Rosedale, 1,90i, Omeo, 1,775 ; Tongio, 690, We (Omen "Telegraph") are informed that our much respected land officer, at his own request is about to he transferred from the Lands to the .Mlines department. We be lieve Mr Stirling's first work in his new position will be the geological examination of the Benambra portion of thie eolony-a work he is eminently qualified to perform. It is the intention of Mr Stirling's many friends not to allow him to leave the position he has so long and honourably filled, without some recognition of his many and valuable services to the district. Wirth Bros' circus is announced to appear in Rosedale to-morrow evening, and at Traralgon on Wednesday andl Thursday evening. 