Tokens of a religion which is gentle unto all, and maketh for peace, are difficult to discover at the present day. On the con trary, those who profess to be actuated most strongly by religious motives seem to be apter than the ungodly in stirring up strife and joining in bitter denunciations which engender hatred and all uncharit- ableness. The apostle James declared that if any man seemed to be religious, and bridled not his tongue, he but de ceived his own heart, and his religion was vain. There is a considerable quantity of this "vain religion" abroad just now, aB the news columns of the daily journals testify. Some of bur neighbor islands in the Pacific Ocean, once termed par excel lence " Friendly," are supplying sad and disastrous illustrations of its presence ; but, unhappily, they do not enjoy a monopoly of it. There is plenty left for home consumption. If the squabbles of the Eev. Mr. Baker and the Rev. Mr. Moulton, in Tonga, could ouly be mode to exhaust the stock, the rest of the world might bo disposed to regard these mission aries as unwitting benefactors of their 6pecies. Mr. Baker might continue to call Mr. Moulton a '.'malcontent," and Mr. Moulton ceaselessly retaliate by denouncing Mr. Baker as a " tyrant, without external interference. Tho poor Polynesians, anxious for peace, and grow ing weary of the conflicts of Wesleyan Church and Free Church, might, slightly altering the objurgation of Mereatio, be disposed to invoke "a plague o' bsxiv- your churches but the civilisechparin of the globe would be at peace. Asdt-iB, the observant eye looks unsuccessfully for this "fruit of righteousness" in any portion of Christendom, and within our own borders instances are of perpetual recurrence demonstrating the, activity ffjj that "vain religion" against .which the apostle iuvcighed. Two very conspicuous exhibitions were reported yesterday, one at Baliarat ai.l the other at Prahran. Tho former originated in the lately concluded mission inthis colony of that delicate disseminator of "sweetness and light," Miss Kdith O'Gorman. It seems to have been a cus tom of this gentle missionary of peace in any placo she honored with a professional visit, so soon as her racy revelations of conventual misdeeds began to drag, to offer to give a lecture for the bonefit of some local charity. In this city she prof fered lior services to the committee of one of the hospitals ; but, inasmuch as the institution is established for the benefit of people of every re ligious sect, and supported by donations from all classes of believers nnd un believers, the doubtful benefit wbh, respect fully declined. A similar scheme, it appears, was attempted at Baliarat, and met with the same fate. The gentlemen composing the committee of the local hospital were naturally averse to accepting money raised by the public denunciation of institutions and doctrines denrly cherished by an influential section of Christians, but — unlike their Melbourne confreres — have not managed to escape ' contention and censure by their refusal. Tho O'Gorman offer has proved a veritable apple of liris, fated to breed discord whether accepted or rejected. An agita tion was got up, resultiug in a public meet ing, the occasion being greedily turned to account as affording a rare opportunity for a grand outburst of mlktm thcoloyicum. Two Parliamentary representatives, Messrs. Vale and Russell, backed up by the local agent of the " Escaped Nun," headed the onslaught, and resolutions condemning the action of the Hospital Committee and calling for its resignation were adopted. The Jewish Rabbi, Rev. Mr. Goldreich, sought to stem tho tide of religious dis cord by professing regard for Catholics (and Protestants alike, and entreating tho .meeting to temper their animosities with a -spirit of charity. The worst passions of human nature were aroused, and he pleaided in vain. It is to be hoped( how ever, that the majority of the people of Bidlarat possess sufficient sense to appreciate the wisdom of the action taken by the Hospital Committee. If the managers of a secular charity, which looks to the State for a considerable measure of supjJ&rt;, are to be condemned for declining -to allow their institution to enter into a sort of partnership with a social firebrand of the O'Gorman type, every religious sect will have to start it3 own hospital aud uphold it with sectarian funds. Tlie Prahran embroilment originates in a different form of contention, but is equally far removed from the religion of " charity," or, as the revised version of .the Scriptures renders it, "love" which "vaunteth not itself, is. not puffed " up, doth not behave itself un- " seemly." From tho report of the proceedings at the Prahran council on Monday evening, it appenrs a letter was sent to that body from a resident in Donald-street, named Simmons, com plaining of the nuisance caused opposite his premises on the last two Sunday even ings, by a contingent of the Salvation Army. Mr. Simmons had a daughter ill in his house at the time from sunstroke, who was awakfcned from sleep and very seriously affected by the disturbance. The members of thcSnnday procession are described as "yelling and raging at " the top of their voices," somo of the men " whirling round and round like the " dancing dervishes of India," and while passing Mr. Simmons's abode favoring him with a " special yell of hallelujahs." Under these exasperating circumstances it is not astonishing that jthe letter was couched in somewhat strong language, and that the writer threatened to appeal to the courts to " test the question, " whether a law-abiding citizen was not entitled to as much consideration as a pack " of persons who brought religion into 1 ' contempt, and were a nuisance to any neighborhood they frequent." Singular to relate, tho sympathies of the majority of the council wero enlisted, not on behalf of the peaceable citizen, but on the side of the disturbers, and they declined to re ceive his letter, on the groupd that it was not couched in respectful language, and " heaped abuse upon a body working for the public good." If this be not putting a premium on rowdyism, nothing can amount to such an act of folly. -Granted that every good word uttered on behalf of the Salvation people be true, is that any reason why they are to be permitted to make an un seemly rumpus outside of a private dwel ling in spite of the proprietor's protest? Citizens are surely entitled to enjoy their Sunday peace without being required to entreat for it as aiavor from the leaders of .those -engaged in breaking it. If a single individual were to attempt to behave in a rowdy fashion, he would not be allowed to shelter himself under the plea that he was a benefactor of the poor. Benefactor or no benefactor, he would be compelled to behave himself, and what would be bad conduct in on individual is intolerable in a multitude. To the extent that this organi sation may assist the poor and the outcast, we are grateful to it; but no- amount of philanthropic work can confer upon it a right of privileged rowdyism. People look to municipal councils and other re presentatives of civic authority to preserve order, not to encourage disorder ; and if anything should make them prompt in the performance of their most important function, it is wben-disorder is pleased to vaunt itself in the-name of religion. It is such a long time since Melbourne playgoers have been treated to one of Shakespeare's plays that they will learn with satisfaction that the Tempest is to be put on the stage of the Theatre Royal to-night. The Tempest is commonly held to be the last that Shakespeare wrote, and it is quite possible that he meant to prefigure the close, of his own immortal labors when he made Prospero break his magic wand, and quit the En chanted Isle with the valedictory reflec tion that . Graves at my command Have waked their sleepers, oparC and let thfc.-n forth By my cj> potent art. Pmspero, indeed, might well bb Shake- pecre,.tte great enchanter, who had for fcjs I'iars tho dainty Ariel and ', the lumpish Caliban — the elemental types of mind and brute force that work out man's imperial will for him, and peopte the buvdsoipe with the transformations otv his genius. We may even go further, and say that Shakespeare might just as well have been proclaiming his own adherence to the doctrine of the immateriality of zartter when Prospero declares that " we ££\are such stuff as dreams are made of,' and "tho great globe itself, is but " the baseless fabric of a vision." So keen an observer of. the times, and so sympathetic a student of the problems that vex mankind in every age and every clime, could not havo been living iu tho free air of' Elizabethan England, to which Bruno had just conic, chased from his native land on account of I113 two Pantheistic treatises ou tho immanence of God in matter, without having an ear for the disputes that were raging about him ; and what more likely than that the echo of the controversy had reached the philusopher of the Globe Theatre! Be that as it may, however, the audience to night will be much more impressed by tho pageantry than they will be by tho meta physics of the Tempest. So long as the setting is in harmony with tho pootry of the theme, and Prospero looks nnd dresses as the magician that he is, it will concern them very little to know that he was an Hegelian beforo Hegel, and had fathomed the mystery of his own phantasmal aud illusory existence. The mounting of a Shakespearian play in a modern theatre is two- thirds of its merit with the populace. Shakespeare's own contemporaries were content with pasteboard battlements, a ghost that emerged from behind a linsey- woolsey tapestry, and a Jew that wore a red wig oud talked through a paste board nose. But Mr. Ileury Irving, who spent £13,000 upon what ho tried to mako a perfect presentation of tho Merchant of Venice, has created a taste that will not bo satisfied with anything short of the real Rialto that Shylock and Antonio walked and bargained in three hundred years ago. Charles Lamb used to say that Shake speare' should be studied in the closet, and not be put on the stage at all; and Hazlitt also laid it down that to represent him was to abuse his genius, and that for his part ho would never go to see him acted if he could help it. Their dictum sounds absurdly fastidious, till we remember the slovenly way iu which managers of even fashionable theatres mounted their pieces, and how very little attention they paid to either the properties or the scenic require ments. In acting, there is a very short' step from the sublime to the ridiculous, and the most tragic situation or Bentiinent may be spoiled by a scene painter wh'o has no eye for tho poetry of color, or a carpenter or upholsterer with out any taste for archaeological detail or any knowledge of tho laws of perspective. Mr. Irving was once watching an actor of good repute in his day playing in tho third act of Richelieu, when .a friend asked him, " Don't you "think that Richelieu's grief and despair " wero very fairly shown ? " "Yes," ho replied; "but the real Richelieu would " never have taken out his handkerchief "at the crisis of his passion, and wiped "his moustache." It is this studious attention to emotional correctness, and this fidelity to mechanical detail, that enables Mr. Irving to keep such a play as the Merchant of Venice running on the same stage for two hundred and fifty nights consecutively. Some of his critics have accused him of sacrificing the spirit to the form, and making too much of the spectaclo at the expense of tho intel lectual senses ; but the answer to them which he made, in an articlo in Good Words, is a complete defence of the principles which actuated him. "Is it "nothing," he asks them, "that, while " the speech of tho poet is preserved, his " ideas are illustrated by.a scholarly de- " tail, by harmonious pictures, by ap propriate music, by the appeals to the " Bense of beauty? How many famous " passages in fiction can be quoted to show " that a word-picture adds infinite force or " charm to the most dramatic episode of "human passion? So with the stage, " the accessories which are perfectly at- " tuned to the story must enhance its " fascination." No dramatist makes such a tax upon the artist and property man, or deserves to have his dramas pre sented as realistically as modern art can furnish thero, as tho author of the Tempest. To the largest number of play goers the Tempest is only popular on account of its general weirdness df tone, and the wealth of color and sound that it gives out on the stage. Its inner and spiritual meaning is caviare to them. Hence the necessity for surrounding it with an atmosphere of poetry, . and making the most of its objective features. To achieve anything like a success in this direction by a single pre sentation is unfortunately not to be ex pected; and until Melbourne audieuoes are prepared to take a more liberal view of their obligations to support art in its highest manifestations, the utmost that we can look for is the absenoe of any very painful incongruities which may offend either the eye or the ear. 