the competitors. ' The saddling paddock this year presents. a very different appearance to that noticed on any previous Cup day. The dub, out of con- eideration for the comfort and convenience of owners, attendants and horses,, and possibly with a view of adding to the revenue,! have erected a high ornamental wire fenco across the lower ond of the paddock, thus 'in some measure keeping this portion reserved, a charge of 5s. boing levied for.; admis sion. It is needless to' say tha innova tion is appreciated by those who havo work to perform amongst tbe horses, as to some extent it prevents the objootionable crowding around prominent favorites. On Cup day, and with so many horses backed, the usual aurious crowd will bo always to the fore, passing criti cisms on the horses condition and appearance. Aa a general rule the more ignorant the critic the mere swooping are his criticisms, but on this particular day it was possible to obtain a view of -the favorites without risking injury to the spinal cord or having one's pet corn trodden upon in the vain attempt to get near. Taking the horses in the order of public estimatiou, first comes Australian l'eer, the gallant colt that succeeded in gaining posses sion of tbe coveted distinction, tho blue ribbon of tho turf. There are plenty of better looking horses present than Tho Peer, as, with tho general dis like for long names, he is usnally called. He has a wiry look, with a somewhat plain but bonest bead and a good fore-end ; his quarters are lathy, but bis chest is deep aud bis ' barrel round, two points . which . go far to confirm the generally accopted opinion that he is a peer amongst 6tayers. Ho carries a lot of publio money, and fond hopes are entertained that the same colors which first caught tho judge's eye last year will again occupy a similar position this. His admirers muster strongly around liim, but keep at a respectful distance, as he resents familiarity and is spt to " reach" for an 'intruder. About Algerian's claims to be considered a race horse there can bo no two opinions, so far at least as his appoarance goes. He is a splendid animal, light bay in color, and looking all over a weight carrier and a stayer. The first glance would suggest that he ia slightly on the big side as regards condition, bnt closer inspection shows that it is the horse's immense quarters which make him look so lusty. On papor his chances of annex ing the Cup are superior to that of any other, and his numerous admirers Interviow him, feeling satisfied with their prospects. That the followers of Meteor are sanguine of having a really good thing is apparent. They tell yontbey don't care a rush what wonderful gallops other horses may havo done, Meteor is bound to lead them home to-day. He ia a strongly built round-barrelled horse, and looks as if be bad done a thorough preparation. Ho is easily recognised by his bang tail, boing thaonly horse in the race with a hinder appendage treated in thia way. Oakleigb, so heavily backed after his Caulfield Cup victory, looked; a mass of muscle, und it was very clear that condi tion was not wanting to carry him through. Silver Princo is a handsome chestnut colt, aud to tho eyo looked better than on Saturday, but publio ardor with regard to him had cooled, and his interviews were not numerous, his Saturday's race in good company not being considered op to Cup form. Remus, a .fine longthy chestnut, is rather fractious during tbe operation of preparing bim for tbe fray, but bis ondilion reflects credit on his trainer. Silver- mine. not withstanding the abuse helped upon bim by a fickle public because be, one of tha most consistent horses in tbe colony, did nut come up to expectatious in the Caulfiold Cup, had many friends on account of his brilliant victory at weight for age on Saturday over such 6tars as Trident. Dunlop and Algerian. He is easily discernible en account of bis glossy black coat and tho oblique stripe from forehead to snip. His forelegs show signs of severe work, but his preliminary gallop leaves little to be desired. Quite a gentleman looked Recall as he proudly paraded tbe paddook his condition is simply perfect, and many havo pinned their faith to him. Dunlop, a horso known to bo good, has passed through some varied experiences in the raring arena. He is not a taking horsa to look at, and were tho competitors judged on their appearance alone hB would be a long way down in the list. His defeat by Eitvermine on Derby Day was not reassuring to his friends, while bis legs leek gummy, and show signs of having done nearly as much work as they can stand. Tbo bulk of tbe general public do not fancy him, bnt, nevertheless, he has numerous frionds. Seldom, indeed, has a grander colt than Trauter been seon at Flemington or any other raceoourse, his size, bone and substance making hint a conspicuous object amongst all bis opponents. That he is a good one ie admitted, and that he ought to havo nearly, if not quite, won tho Derby is the opinion of many. His condition is good, and be has many friends who fondly hope to see him stretch tho neoks of the beet of them iu this race for tbe Mel bourne Cup to-day. Niagara is much admired, and carries tbe confidence of a considerable section, who maintain that be ought to have won the Derby. Notwithstanding that bis preparation was interfered with, he looked well to the eye, though possibly a little on the big side. Around Mr. Whito's pair, Abercorn and Cranbrook, tbe crowd clustered aa thick as bees, a general desire being evinced to see the tatter. He is a giant, being nearly as big as Tranter, but very different in build. He bag a loose jointed, disconnected appearance, which woald indicate that be will be served by time ; just now be seems overgrown. Abercorn appears fit, and none the woreo for his Derby gallop. This colt shows a lot of quality. Thunderbolt, a nice looking brown horse, somewhat straight in tho shoulder and thick in the neck, has bis plates adjusted before going ont, as, like many of .the Musket strain, his feet aro shallow. I'akeha, tbe little chestnut colt that ran second in the Cauilieid Guineas and Maiden Plate, was not by any means friendless. Jebusite is .a nice brown colt, but not jet sufficiently matured for a Cup horse, while The Charmer looked weedy, light and jaded. Bardius, a light of other days, was only started to win a wager, it being well known that he bad not ths proverbial ghost of a show. This completes the list of Cup candidates as they are seen in the paddock, and as the saddles are carefully adjusted, the girths drawn tightly, and riders are lifted lightly into tbe saddles, tbey file out to " do" the lawn pre vious to taking the usual pipempener down the etraight. The first to appear is Abercorn, end behind him in close order come Jebusite? Cranbrook, Recall, Sardius, Algerian and Aus tralian Peer ; then, at intervals, come Tranter, Romas, The Charmer, Pakeha and Dunlop ; a& short wuit and then Thunderbolt, Silver Prince, Oakleigb, Silvermine and Niagara follow, with Meteor last. Tbe preliminary sprint' is watohed by thousands of eyes with the keenest interest, and. plenti ful, if auluenLi, uoutrudiuuiry, criticism passed on each performance. Most of the horses movo well, though their styles are various, making it indued a truism that they go in all shapes. A beautiful, picture they moke as they pass and re-pass before the eager gaze of the onlookers, with ihe bright colors of the ridors glinting in the sunshine. But presently the king of starters appeals, attended by bis trusty henchman, and then they move slowly to the starring point away down the straight, toon to appear again but in widely different order. 