DOROTHY'S SECRET. By Ibo ; Author of ' Patience- Bkookb,' 'A Doubtful Foktune,' &c.; . ' , ... CiiAPTEn V. Douglas and I examined the portrait of tho Blue Lady, and found there really wan a strong1 resemblance between bor and myself. She^adiniy large .blup..eyes,lBiy complexion,, an'dcg6lden hair ; but'Douglas said her mouth' was not at all like mine — it was both cruel and voluptuous. We now began to; settle down in our now home. The grand drawing. tips} dining rooms were one on cncli siilo of tho liall— beyond the latteriroomwas a very, fine library, beyond tho former, were a morning room and con servatory. This latter room Dong-Ins wanted me to appropriate as my own ; but I hail, chanced, to espy .an octagon apartment; open ing from the library, though, in the deserted side of the house— the east — and it had caught my fancy, for it had windows open ing tothe ground, aud outside them, was, a neglected flower- garden overgrown with weeds, with an,old sun-dial in tho centre. I longed to secure this garJcn for myself, and Douglas gratified my wish. He found, on examination that the walls had been painted very finely and that they might be cleaned and restored ; so he promised to send to Wroxham for workmen to put it in order, arid to Chester for furniture which might suit it. Ho and I delighted to exercise our artistic tasto in devising decorations for my future rotrent. The old house contained many curiosities and treasures of art brought home doubtless by travellers of the race ; arid for.tliesQ. we searched eagerly, delighted, at every fresh discovery of carved cabinets, wouderful chairs,, shells and other things We vorkoil hard at getting the room into, order ; and it promised to be a charming ' bower' when we had fitted up and furnished it. The door into the disused side was to he cloHod, wo decided, and covered with a pic ture. During this time wo saw very little of Dorothy. Slio came down once or twice to ask it' she could be of any use, and appoared surprisod— and I thought a little ' put out' — at my having settled on the little octagon under her own for my ospecial room. She said sho thought I should hayo tound the large morning-room on the south side plea santor, as it commanded a fine view, while my future morning-room overlooked only tho garden and a shut-in portion of the park. But I told her that the garden was my at traction, and that I would not chango my room for any other in thohouso. Shosaidthatit was a singular choice, that tho room had. al ways boon kept for lumber, and that tho nails wero dirty. I assured her that Douglas would clean them himself, as there were some Wattnau-like paintings on tho panels. Then, when she found I was firm in my choice, sho said no more, but sighed, I thought, regretfully.. I was to know why only too soon. On the third do}' after our arrival tho clergyman of tho parish, Doctor Jenkins, called. Ho was a short, stout, red-faced littlo man, whoMvoro yellow leather gloves, and whom I should never have guessed to be a clergyman hnd I not heard him announced as the Reverend Doctor .Jenkins. Ho. was fussily demonstrative in expressing his de. light at our arrival. ' ' No' schism now ,' ho said, ? in high plaoes. Poor Mrs. Lloyd was very bigoted in her faith — you-' know' she : wns a Roman Catholic? Yes, of course, you would have heard it. But;sho.WQS a.wprthy woman,. a very worthy woman indeed,' ho continued, ' and vory charitable— gave to my people as woll as to her own religionists, but novor attended my ministry, of course. Ah, tho. old Plas pow must bo sot in or'dor for you now 1 And so you hayo'popr Jltes Wynn living, with you Yeaf.'-'I-'liad hoard of that strange 'will— very singular indeed, vory j, hut, sho is a good girl, I boliovo, and very kind to tho poor.' 'I dare say you cau tell us, Doctor Jonkins,' I asked, with some- curiosity, ' whothor Miss Wynu was related to Mrs. Lloyd- or. not ?' '.Indeed I cannot, my doar young lady ; no ono/itnows for a certainty. But it is supposed' sho'Wtts.'';i8lio is related; to ''Mr; Frank TrosBiliiihyl boliovo.' ' Yo.sr bu£ .paii] sho was,' .; .- 'Tlioli sho'm'ust necessarily have boon oon neotod with Mrs. Lloyd, because ho was a ro|ntive, but how near a ono I could never loarn.' ? ? Then Doctor Jenkins Logan to give iib somo idea of our neighbours. The Jf organs, he said, wero the uoarost after tho Vicarage j there were some young people there — Diana, a girl .of twenty, and. Hugh, her brother, who was about four years older; ? ' Tlion there are the Williamses,' be added, ?and tho Joneses and tho Tndors, all: pleasant people in their way, -vho will rejoice tofind PlasMadoc take its old position.' ,\ lie asked Douglas what he thought of the library, which was4 very largo and good one, and they were soon deeply engaged in a discussion of tho works of various authors. Tho clergyman, with, his. queer dress and Welsh accent, proved1 nevertheless a well-' read man, and thankfully accepted Douglas's offer to lend him any, books he needed. ' *|Ho informed us; that the church services we're 'alternately in Welsh and English English in tho morning. We- promised to attend tho latter, and parted -much- pleased with each other. ,.The next, day brought tho Morgans, They were rather formal people, and talked much of tho county families.;, even Miss. Morgan, a very handsome girl,'.strii.ck.. me,as. reserved ard stiff. As their carriage drove off another'reacbed. the hall-door, and Mrs. and Miss Williams weje announced. They were a rather elderly mother and daughter, less formal than the Morgans, but, in my opinion, far less pleasant, for in about twenty minutes they were boih in full career of scandal. If I could have believed all they said, I should have been terrified at the race of people amongst whom our _ new destiny was cast. What tales-they told us ! 'The Morgans aro people of no standing,' — ' strangers,' they called them, from South Wales, . though : I jhad, heard-; from ? Mrs. Morgan that they had lived for three genera tions in their present home. ' The Tudors are well-born, but' — and Mrs. Williams winked.qnd, blinked at me; loan alarming, extent— ' everybody knows that there is a hee in their bonnet ; and, if it does not show itself in one way, it does in another. Guinevere,'— shosaid,1 turning up her eyes, ' is beyond anything, arid the brothers all drink.' i At length, to turn the conversation, I asked her if sho had known the late Mrs. 'Lloyd, intimately.;- She looked: greatly ?surprised.' '' ~ *' - ; ' My donr Miss Ashton,' she said; ' 'did you not know that fur twenty years — ever since Mr. Lloyd's death — Mrs. Lloyd sa^y no^ one but^a nephew,, her heir, .who.die'd,' and. Mr. Trcssijidn.f No one out of 'the- Roman Catholic church ever knew Mrs. Lloyd intimately... She looked down on us alias heretics, and never visited any of. her neighbours— for, you know, we Welsh people are very Protestant.' ; 'And, judging from your account of them,' I remarked, laughingly, ' her neighbours were not very, pleasant., Mrs, Williums grew rod in tho face. ' I don't think,' she said, 'with all their shortcomings, that the peopje of this neigh bourhood are at all less pleasant than people in other places.' 'I am glad to hear you say that,' I observed; cheerfully. ' I dare say I mis understood you just now.' ' Certainly you did if you thought that. The neighbourhood is an excellent one, though 'our friend's have their faults. No, Mrs, Lloyd admitted only her priest, a Mr. Jerningham, and Mr. Tressilian.' 1 ?' By-the-byo, 1 asked, 'who was her doctor?' ? ' Mr. Tressilian,' answered our visitor. 'Oh!' 1 said. 'Is he the doctor of this part of the country ? I did not know he was a medical man.' ' No, Miss Ashton, ho does not practise medicine. He attended Mrs. Lloyd because he was a kinsman ; and ho attends the poor miners sometimes, I hoar, and the very poor who can't pay a doctor. But he does not practise in a general way. We have a first rate doctor at Wrexunm', I assure you.' Thero was a short pause ; and then she resumed, glancing at Douglas— ' Your brother has a strong mind, I see, Miss Ashton. The family legend has not taken away, his spirits.' ' It would bo strange if it did,' I laughed. ' Why should his spiritB be affected by a gho.-it-stpry ? By- tho-bye, I have not heard it yet, but ho has. It would be very strange if it depressed his spirits, howover.' ' It is strange if it should not,' she said, solemnly. ' I confess I am surprised to see Mr. Ashton bo cheerful ; ho actually laughed heartily just now at something that Clemen tina said to him.' I was greatly puzzled. ' I don't understand,' I said. ' Why should a ghost- story be expected to affect him so painfully ?' 'Do you mean to say, Miss Ashton, that you havo not oven heard of tho fatal chambei ?' ? 'The fatal chamber! Oh, dear, no! I have never heard of it till this moment. . Do, please, tell mo about it,' I exclaimed. ' Well, my dear young lady'— looking very pleased at having to relate so momentous a fact in our family history—' there is in Plas Madoc a chamber so artfully concealed that no living being can find it without guidance. This. room contains somo droadful secret, for tho person who has once been in it is novor seen to smile again. The heirs of Plas Madoc, as they succeed to the inheritance, always have the secret left tothem by tho last proprietor ; thoy are compelled to go into tho chamber, and. after entoring it, they aro never seen to smile again, So you may imagine. that your brother's mirth amazocl me'.' '? ' ' ,.;'? ', '/ '. ... ,' .' ? ' ' What an extraordinary story ,! . I said, impressed by her tono of sinco.ro boliefinit; ' Douglas, I am certain, knows nothing of it ;' and I turned. eagerly to him and asked him if ho did. ? '??' ? ' ? ' To my surpriso,' ho said that the lanyor had told him. of the. legend, and, that ho had also heard it long boforei: 'And why did you not toll, me of it, Douglas?' I asked, a Hi tip poutingly. ' Bconuso I did not think it necessary for you to honr it,' ho Answored, gravely. ' The, logend is dying out. No communication about the room was mode to mo or to Mr. Clarke, in writing or otherwise, by- Mrs. Lloyd ; it may; thoroforo as well be for gotton.' ' Thon tho room is thrown open now, I supposo ?' I said. 'I roally don't -know, but probably not, for it is as impossible to find it as tho provorbial noodle in a bundle of hay,' 'Oh,' said Mrs. Williams, 'unloss you navo_ boon told tho soorot you could nover find it I Tho hoir usod to bo led to it by h's fathor or kinsman in possession, and after entering it, was never seen to smile again, as I have said.' 'A', regular cave of Troplii.nius,' I put in 1 A what, did you say ?' asked Mrs. Williams. I repeated my words. 'Oh, dear) no— not l a cavo at all,', sho said — 'only 'a chamber somewhere in tho wall ! Of course I have heard about Merlin's cave, but it is not in this neighbourhood.' Douglas smiled, .' and 1 was silent. A classical ?? allusion was evidently a mistake. Soon afterwards Mrs. Williams and her daughter to ;k their departure, and. Douglas and 1 were alone. ' ' '' ' :. : .' Tlieri I questioned him closely about the mysterious room. He- acknowledged that he had heard some confused 'rumour about it, but, in reality, knew no more than Mrs. Williams had stated.. ; ,. - ?- , ? , ' , 'The secret of the room has probably died wjth Mrs. Lloyd,' he said ; ' and, if its effect was solmirth-'destroying, it is well it did — I don't desire to make its acquaint ance/ '?-. ;? '-'..''.-';:. : ; ?? ' .: '?; ' But Douglas, what could it'have been that changed people so entirely? Can you guess?' . ' No, Imogen, I really cannot.' ' Was it true the heir did change ?' I per sisted. Ho hesitated. .. '.Well,. I. believe that it was a fact,' he said., ' Lloyd was said.jo have been a very wild, 'gay young ? maiij but, after becoming head of tho house, he grew gloomy and morose.' u 'And «Mrs. Lloyd seems to have been a melancholy recluse,' I remarked. 'It is awful ! How thankful I am that you do not know the secret !' ' 'Perhaps it is not' needful that I should, as I am 'not of the same race.' ' Then you do actually believe it, Douglas?' 1 exclaimed, eagerly r 'Darling Genie, I don't know what to believe about it. There are mora' things in Heaven-land .eurth than aro dreamt of in our philosophy, doubtless ; but I dare say there is an intelligible and not supernatural explanation- ofthe matter, if we but knew it.' ... There., was a pause, and then I said, in almost a whisper — . ' Do. you think Dorothy Wynn knows it ?' 'Dorothy? Absurd! Why should she ? 'And certainlyove h~ave seen her smile — a lovely smile it is too, Imogen.' A pang of sudden jealousy shot through me. There was something in Douglas's voice I had : never heard botorej, a tender inflection that startled me. I (to be continued.) 