A PEARL-FISHING CATASTROPHE. Telegrams from 'Western Australia bring us news of one of the most terrible marine disasters that have happened in Australian waters. The Western Aus tralian pearling fleet on Friday last was struck by a hurricane, which practically annihilated it. No less than forty vessels were either sunk or driven out to sea in a helpless condition, and it is computed that 550 lives have been lost. The total number of vessels engaged in the fisheries is said to be about 100, and probably most of them were in company, as the boats prefer to remain together. Such of them as were not wrecked or driven away at the mercy of the winds were damaged, bo that a blow has been struck at the industry which it will not be easy for It to recover. The locality of the disaster is well known to pearlers. The De Grey Elver joins the sea In latitude 20°, between Nicol Bay on the south and Roebuck Bay on the north. At the mouth lies Turtle Island, and the entrance is guarded by the Amphinome Shoals and Bedout Island, which i3 a conspicuous object, riBing a3 it does to a height of some 20 feet. The depths hera are very irregular and the navigation difficult, although to vessels of the size of the pearlers there is no danger in moderately fine weather. The area covered by the pearlshells is iarge, and new beds are being constantly discovered. Last year a rush took place to King's Sound, lying to the northward of Roe buck Bay; and Shark's Bay, which is considerably to the south of Nicol Bay, has also yielded from time to time large supplies. Gene rally ^speaking, however, the mo3t productive fishing - grounds are those within a moderate distance on each side of the Eighty-mile Beach, which has been the Ecene of the dire calamity reported to - day. The industry is carried on with the aid of Australian natives, who prove to be more tractable if less expert than the Malays, who stand at the head of the diving profession. The results of the fisheries vary greatly, but they yield on an average in pearls and shells a return of about £50,000 annually. This represents a very important item in the exports of Western Australia, and it cannot be overlooked that the event which has been so destructive to life and property is in more ways than one to be recognised as a great national loss. Our western neighbours can ill afford to have an industry of such importance paralysed as this has been, and it deserves and will receive the sympathy of all the Australian Colonies in the appalling trouble that has thus befallen it. There are'aome great misfortunes against which it ia impossible to mate provision, and this is unquestionably one of them. Pearlfishing in Itself h not a dangerous industry. The seas ?washing the shores of North-Weat Australia are subject to sudden tempests, and the present, although incomparably the most disastrous, is not the first chipping catastrophe that has occurred in the neigh bourhood. It is note worthy, however, that although now and then a pearling vesssl has been lost, nothing hag before oc curred to give premonition of the whole sale destruction that has befallen the fleet. There is not the risk in this that there is in some enterprises carried on upon the high sea3. It will be remembered that not many years ago the whaling fleet in the Nor thern seas were overtaken by terribly severe weather, which destroyed the vessels, and entailed the loss of hundreds if not thousands of lives. The event caused the wildest excitement, but it was felt to be in the ordinary course of risk. In the present instance the disaster which has occurred has the character of being absr^uiely unlooked for. Working, as thu pearling vessels for the most part do, near to the coast and within easy reach of Bhelter no one could have foreseen such a calamity aa that which has happened. It is not eo startling and horrible in its details as the colliery explosion at Bulli, but go far as the Ios3 of life and property ia con cerned it is on a much more gigantic scale than even that catastrophe. Its magnitude indeed cannot easily be conceived. No doubt a considerable pro portion of the 550 persons who have perished are aboriginal natives, but even they may have families dependent upon them ; whilst of the whites whose liveshave been sacrificed numbers have no doubt wives and children who have beendeprived of their sole support. Nor is the destruc tion of property to be lightly regarded. Not only will a profitable industry be brought to a standstill, but ruin will fall upon many of those on shore who have a monetary interest in the fleet that has been submerged with such awful sudden ness. Archbishop Reynolds. — The elevation of the See of Adelaide into an Arch bishopric by the Pope must be very gratifying to the Churches over ?which Dr. Eeynolds has for so many years presided. As a recognition of the importance of the City of Adelaide it indicates that His Holiness directs much more attention to the colonial branches of the Eoman Catholic Church than people might be inclined to imagine. The personal merit of the new Archbishop, too, renders him worthy to wear tha new dignity with honour. It is seldom that a prelate exerts more influence over his people than doe3 Dr. Eeynolds. The peculiar tacfc which he possesses, not only in ecclesiastical management, but also In personal inter course, and his unswerving determina tion of purpose render him capable of adorning even so high an office as that of the Archiepiscopate. The proof of adminiBtrative capacity is only to be found in the success of the administration, and certainly the condi tion of the Eoman Catholic Church under Dr. Eeynolds's rule has been most satisfactory. During a period of nearly fourteen years he has uniformly Eecured the esteem and. goodwill not only of those belonging to his own denomination but of the comnranity as a whole. The welfare of the people has been the sub ject of his earnest thought. There are few Eoman Catholics in the colony who have not had experience of the interest which he takes both in tha spiritual and in the temporal condition of those under his charge. On the subject of temperance he has delivered many a powerful address, and for this the thanks of the whole coramuity are due to him. He is an Irishman by birth and sympathies, and knows full well the impulsive and gene rous feelings of the majority of thos8 who are under his care. J±e is one of tne people, raiHed by character and experience to be a leader among them. As a parish prieEt he experienced many of the vicissitudes of the days of small thiDg3 in South Australia, and few who heard him in the little Churches at Gawler or Port Augusta ever imagined that he would one day be an Archbishop. Port Augusta it will be noticed h now a Bishopric. It is a mistake to imagine that faithful work in the colonies may not lead to distinctions as high as those con ferred for similar services carried out in the older and more historical centres of the world. __-fc__ Births and Deaths. — The population of the colony, Z3 estimated by the Begistrar of Births, Deaths, and Mar riages, for the quarter which is past was actually lower than it waa this time last year. For the first time probably for about thirty-five years of it3 history the colony has commenced a year with an absolute diminution of its population as compared with the records for the previous year. The estimated mean population during the March quarter, to which the returns, which have just been published, refer, was 30*7,546 persons. This, it should be noticed, is exclusive of the people of the Northern Territory and of the aborigines, who together number about 11,000. In the first quarter of 188G the colony of South Australia proper had, exclusive of the aborigines, 307,780 per Bons, and in 1885 307,540. It will thus be seen that, while the population has diminished -dnce the beginning of last year, it has Increased very slightly since the beginning of 1885. Whether the figures are perfectly trustworthy is, of course, a matter for question. It may fairly be suspected that there haa been some leakage in the Bhape of emigration overland of which the Statistical Department ha3 taken no account. The births and deaths for the quarter are also decidedly below those for the March quarter of 1886. The total number of recorded birtha was 2,608, as compared with 2,796 in the previous year, 2,822 the year before, and 2,765 in 1883. The number is not far below the average of the past five years, but the rate per cent, is only '849, as compared with -920 in the corresponding quarter of last year. The death-rate was *377 per cent., nhich com pares favourably with '444 in 1886 and ?477 in 1883, but unfavourably with -325 in 1884. Of the deaths due to the ' socially preventable' class, those caused by zymotic diseases or various kinds of fevers were practically the same as Ia3t year, but rather higher than in 1885, and decidedly below those of 1884. Typhoid or enteric fever his claimed 63 victims, and th'eEe deaths must be accounted aa proportionately the greatest loss to the community. Only one death feom typhoid fever was that of a child under 1 year of age. From dysentery on the other hand 113 babies under 1 year died during the quarter, and only 45 persons above that age. The very hot and trying weather which waa experienced in the months of January and February must have been responsible for a large propor tion of the deaths of old and infirm par sons, as well as for those of little children from such causes aa diarrhoea and teeth ing. The returns of the births of chil dren are admittedly incomplete, as the Registrar- General stated in his annual re port. But bo far as the figures- are to b'er relied upon they chow that infantile mortality haa decreased. The report states that duriDg the quarter special efforts have been made to secure an accurate statement of the population of the colony proper, and aleo to compila trustworthy estimates of the populations of various localities. Tito absurd custom of calculating some percentages on tha present estimated popuktion and soma on the population at last census has been abandoned. These are reforms which will conduce to the placing of the Statistical Department on a proper footing. At pre sent it has no really 'undeniable facts oa which to base its conclusions. A Gekeral Post- Office Destroyed.—- ' New Zealand has attained a bad eminence in the matter of fires. It is a rare thing for a year to pass -nithoub the occur rence of two or three conflagrations/ which sweep array buildings by th» dozen and entail tho lo&s; of tens i'ot thousanda of pounds. The fact of wood being used extensively in tha erection ot buildings in some of tha towns irr great measure accounts both for .tha frequency and the deatructiveness of tho fires. This excuse cannot ba pleaded for the outbreak of' the fire -which on Thursday morning con sumed the valuable contents of the General Post- Office at Wellington, the seat of the Government. This edi fice vra3 built entirely of brick. It had the advantage of being quite a nevr structure, and of being provided throughout -with the electric light. How the fire was caused. has not yet transpired, but ita origin will, no doubt, ba strictly enquired into. Cen tral post-offices, ,when associated in the same' building -with telegraph offices which are kept open all night, for the convenience of the public, Bhould be among the safest risks that an In surance Company could take. It is true that lighia are used all through the night, but, as in a newspaper office, there are always people on the spot, so that even should a fire break out it ought to bs quickly extinguished. It is evident that sufficient provision waa not made for the safety of the Wellington offices, and that there wa3 carelessness in connection withe the storage of the contents. The faefc that many valuable documents were de stroyed argue3 the want of adequate strongroom accommodation. To save a few pounds property worth perhaps thousands has been placed in jeopardy,. The folly of such a policy ; is only too evident, and in the new arrangements which the fire has rendered necessary care will no doubt ba taken to erect strongrooms, and probably also to insure the buildings and their contents. There is - no valid reason -why Governments should stand on their dignity and disregard the ordinary business precautions of insuring their premises, or, at all events, such. of them aa are most open to the risk of injury by fire. The costly ex perience of New Zealand should act as a warniDg in other colonies where sufficient care is not taken to protect public property. Telegraphic— Berae notifies that the line to Fao is restored. Wellisgtos Post jutd Telegraph Office Destroyed by Fiee. — The following cotica was issued from the General Post Office on Thursday :—' Wakapuaka (New Zealand) advices that the Central Post fcndt Telegraph Office at Wellington was burnt down this morning (Thursday), consequently there will be some delay in the North Island. traffic.' Great Loss or Life aud Pbombty ix Western AcsTEiUA.— Mr. Turnball, tho Secretary to the Adelaide Steamship Com pany, telegraphed us on Thursday night as follows : — ' Our agent wires from Cossack, I Pearling fleet almost totally destroyed. Forty boats gone, Terrible Iosb of life.'' Particulars of the catastrophe will be found given in another column. Visit or Lord axd Ladt Bbassbt.— 'We understand that Jjord and LadyBraaaey will Ehortly arrive in Adelaide on a visit to His Excellency the Governor. The Sunbeam left Burmah about March 22 for Singapore and the north coast of Borneo, whence she would proceed to Fremantle, Adelaide, and . Melbourne, Cosfebekce of Bishops.— Dr. Ksnnion, Bishop of the Anglican Church in South. Australia, vrill leave the colony in March next for England to attend the Lambeth Pan Anglican Confereaca summoned by the Arch bishop of Canterbury. This Conference, to which the Bishops of the Anglican Church all over the world are invited, ia held every ten ysars. Bishops Wilberforce and Selwirt ?were the prime originators of the movement* and the late Archbishop of Canterbury toot a very great interest ia the Conference held ten years ago. 1 . Encoubagesient of Immiqeatios. ?— A meeting, convened by the Eev. A. Honner, of Magil!, wa3 held at the Town Hall Exchange-room On Thursday evening- to ' consider a scheme for introducing popula tion to the colony, and providing them with a email township allotment combined with a suburban block for cultivation purposes in suitable parts of the colony, bo aa to mutually benefit South Australia, and the mother country.' At the opaning of the meeting the attendance was small, but it improved later on in the evening. .The Mayor of Adelaide presided, and, in intro ducing Mr, Honner, took the opportunity of explaining that his occupying, the chair did noS imply that he approved of tha schema to be submitted by that gentleman. Mr. Honner then tabled a lengthy resolution, which embodied no leE3 than nine different proposals, and explained the object he had in view. His explanation will bo found in fail to another column. Mr.. G. W. Cotton ceconded the proposition. The Rev. F. W. Cox expressed the opinion. that the motion was of too complicated a character to be entertained, and he moved an amendment to that effect, A discussion ensued, the outcome of which was that Messrs. Honner and Cox agreed to withdraw their motions in favour of the following amendment; by Mr. Henry Taylor, which waa eventually carried without a dissentient:— II That a committee ba formed to take 3fceps- to formulate a scheme having for its object the easier and increased settlement of colo nists on the landa of this colony, as well as to ? induce immigration from the old world of a character and under such conditions as may be deemed advantageous to all concerned.'' The Eev. A. Honner, Councillor Netraan, Messrs. H. Taylor and G. W. Cotton were appointed a sub-committee to elscfc a com mittee to deal with the matter and report to a future meeting. iiOMAN Catholic Bishopbics,— Oar Wed nesday's cablegrams stated that HiB Holiness the Pope had created a'x new Sees and four Vicariates in Australia and Oceania, BiBhop Rejnolda has not yet leceived any official particulars from Some respecting Ihe new decrees. We underatand, however, that Port Augusta is one tf the places at which. BiahoprieB have been established, and thai Adelaide ha3 beea constituted a province,, one effect of which is to raise Dr. Reynolds to the dignity of Archbishop. At present there are only two provinces in* Australia, those of Melbourne and Sydney, Adelaide was formerly a diocese in the Province of Melbourne. The edict is believed, to be the outcome of suggestions made at tne first Plenary Council held in Sydney in 1885,. and we understand that the newly appointed Archbishop of Melbonrne (tho Rev. Dr. Carr) will bring with him from Rome the confir mation of the decrees and of the other business transacted by the Council. The 1888 Leases.— The Conservator of Water (Mr. J. W. Jones), on behalf 'of 'the- Government, will shortly begin the work of valuing the improvements up' on the pastoral leases expiring in 1883, Tha Conservator vs conMdered by the Government to beespecially qualified to undeitaks the duty which h*8 been entrusted to him, as the principal im provements will bo water improvements, and Mr. Jcnes has a most intimate knowledge of the dams, wells, &c; , in the colony, and the value of the appliances worked in connection with them. In addition, aa Conservator of Water, he -Kill haw. air opportunity afforded him of inspecting .the operations being con ducted under his .department throughout the colony,- and -will be enabled to form aa opinion aa to -where it is essential farther operations should be carried on. Under the Act any pastoral lessee, if he chooses, is allowed to nominate a valnator to act with the Conservator, and in case of a dispute the matter is referred to an umpire. Eoma2T Catholic PaiEsrs toe South A0STRAUA-— Four young priests— the Revs. J. Byrne, T. Doheny, P. Hnrley, and W. J. MeEvoy— arrived from Europe by the Orient steamer Lnaitania on Wednesday, and were presented to Archbishop Eeynolda on the following morning. Definite arrangements have not yet been made aa to the employ ment of the new clergymen. The Bbvubw.— It' fe notified that th; rehearsal for the review on May 24 will take place on Saturday, May 14, at 4 p.m., on Hontefiore Parade-ground. Blank aramuoi tion will be ifisnecLafcthe rate of ten rounds per man at Staff Office. Dres3 will be a3 follows :— For May 14, undress and caps, with one pouch to be worn on the right side ; for May 24, full dress, with helmets, if in possession, if not, in undress with helmets, one pouch on right side. Parade-states of the number of men likely to attend, both on the 14th and 21th, to be sent in by officers coai jnanding not later than May 9. Thb Totat.77.atob Akeeai Cask. — Mr. Louis von Doussa, acting for Mr. A. von Doussa, the Secretary of the Onkapa- ringa Club, his served the police with notice of appeal against the decision of Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., in the recent totalizator prosecution. The appeal will be heard before the Local Court. The S.S. Palmerston; — The steamer Palmeraton left Pore Adelaide on Thursday en her first voyage since her recent accident Captain Richardson u in command, and she is bound for Launceston via Ports Vic tori a and Minlacowie. . Wat CoiiEGE.— The lastlmail brought in telligence that M*. ;W. G. Torr, who is at Oxford preparing to, take the Head Master ship of Way College, passed the examination called the BesponsHRu in March la-it. It is understood that this examination corre sponds to the first BJL. examination, and must be passed before the end of the sixth turn. Mr. Toir, however, has passed it in his second] term. His nephew I Mi. Brown}, ?who is studying with him, has also passed the same examination. Rats is Westebs Quekssland.— A tele gram has been received by E. Laughton and Co. from Mr. 6. L. Debney advising a fall of 10 inches of rain on the 7th aud 8th March at ilonkira Station, and that the Diamentina Kiver was in high flood. The Maeeje Boabd.— The usual meeting of the Marine Board was held on Thursday. There is a project on foot for making uniform regulations for Baving life at sea, and the Board recommended the Government to join in this. They also decided to forward a copy of their roles to the Victorian Commissioner of Trade and Customs, in compliance with a reqseBt made by him. It was agreed to supply the Victorian Steam Navigation Board with information as to the mode of getting passenger certificates recognised by the Board of Trade. At present it appears that South Australia ifl.the only colony that enjoys -thia privilege. Some recommendations from the i&gmeer; respecting deepening operations at Port Pirie were adopted. ^The TJnderwritera' Association replied to the complaint respect ing officers being allowed to act aa surveyors at the outporta. The reply will be forwarded to the Mercantile Marine Service Association, with the intimation that if a surveyor setile3 at any ontport the permission to the Board's officer will be withdrawn. The master of the Caitloch reported that the second mate (James Crawford) had acknowledged joining the crew in broaching cargo. He had also deserted, and the master returned his certificate to the Board, who decided to forward it to the Board of Trade to be dealt with by them. It was decided to issue a notice stating that !n future cases of neglect to carry sidelights the Board would seek for the highest penalty. Volttsxeeb TJstjpobhs, — A meeting of the Glen Osmond Company was held in the Institute, Glen Oamond, on Wednesday last, when tiie desirability of changing the uniform was considered; if so, what colour should be adopted. After considerable dis cussion it was unanimously decided that a change was desirable, and that blue with scarlet facings ba adopted. Captain Hampson, Sergeant Wills, and Private Howard were appointed to attend the dele gates' meeting to be called by lieutenant Colonel Lovely at an early date. Stowaways.— On the &a.; Iberia getting away to sea on the last homeward voyage (says our Shipping Reporter) then were found to be five stowaways on board. The attempt to procure a cheap passage at ths expense of his Company was not at all to Captain Shannon's way of thinking, so be in ciated on the people turning to and working before they had any meals. 'On reaching Diego Garcia they, were unceremoniously 'bundled' on shore, to be returned to the colony by the first outward-bound steamer of the line. -? - Pbobateb jlsd Lkxtkbs of ADimrcsTSA tioh. — Probates and letters of administration were granted as fellows for the wsek ended April 28:— Probates— Edith K. Newland, of Encounter Bay, £270 ; W. E. SmUy, of Ade laide, £20 ; Grace Sloggett, of near Campbell town, £1,970 ; John Goodger, of near Gawler. £290; Mary Ann Sowter, of Adelaide, £300 ; J. T. Osborn, of Port Augusta, £1,200 ; J. £. Hebditch, of North Adelaide, £700 ; E. E. A. Jacob!, of Fullerville, £1,316; Fredricb Kock rick, of Bethany, £60; Sir W. W. Hughea, of Surrey, England, £316,200; William Baker, of Undalja, £375; M. Kennedy, of WiHaston, £250; W. J. Botten, of Meningie, £900; Robert McDonald, of Teetolpa, £200; Bichard Bowe, of Moonta, £500; J. F. MaeBride, of Adelaide, £2,900. Letters of ^fJTnfn;gtrftti'n— FTaT'ftt Stanley, of Border Town, £50 ; W. Hardacre, of Bendleby, £150 ; F. J. Banmann, of Springton, £400; R. J. Oswald, of North Adelaide, £500; Sarah Arthur, of Mount Gambier, £135 ; Sophia A, C. Vick, of near Wbodside, £300. ACEICUiTUXAL GBAZDfO BLOCKS.— The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. fl. Howe) informs ua that numerous applica tions are being received for the agricultural grazing blocks which have been gazetted under the Act of 1886, and he ha9 every reason to believe that the system will prove a success. The blocks now being submitted are situated in various outly in? hundred] in the colony, and range in size from 4,000 to 20,000 acres, the rent being from ^d, to 2i. per acre. They are not submitted to auction, but the application? are dealt with by a Board. Personal residence ia enforced, the lessee having to reside upon the land six months out of every twelve. After the land in the outlying hundreds has been disposed of the Commissioner proposes to deal with the land in tha schedule of the Act, which embracea about 7,000,000 acres. Mabch Lahd Saioes.— The Treasury re ceipts on account of land sold during March ? last- amounted to £6,589 12a. Id. For ca3h 2 ' acres 3 roods lealized £45 10sM while on credit 3,543 acres brought £3,893 103. 6d. In addition the following amounts hsra been received r-^Deporite and balances from pre viona sales, £243 la. 6&; completion of pur chase of 1,488 acres under Act 14 of 1S3S-9, to. £1,815 4a. 5d.; payment of portion of par chaae-monay, £3,053 lla.; payment 0! deposit (10 percent.) on account ci Burchass-money, Act 393 of 18S6, £389 §3. ; second instalment of nterest, £24 17a.; extension of credit for pur chase-money, £576 Is. 7d. j intereat on overdue amount*, £487 Ss. 7d.; amount received for improvements, £46 12s. C0MPEIMB5TAST 50 Da, MOBISON. — A complimentary dinner v?Z3 tendered on Thursday evening a£ the JcKy Hotel, Glenelg, to Dr. B, P. Morisca, who h leaving the district to Bettle at Malbls. A large manberof-Dr. Moriaon's Msnda asssmbled, Mr. W. F. Stock, M.P., occuDyicg tie chair, »nd_Mr.W.E.Wigley,S.M.',tii5 vics-char. The usual toasts were duly honoured, and Mr. W. B. Wigley, S.M.,ia proposiasE tha toast of the evening, said JDr. Momon had gained the respect of hii neighbours, and had ?town how popular he waa by Ma victories at the Corporation elections. (Hear, hear.) So man had paid more attention to hia duties am Councillor, and he had need his profes sional knowledge with advantage in connec tion with Board of Health matters. The various lodgeB had shown their appreciation of the doctor by appointing him their medical officer.^ Dr. Morhon, who waa received with enthusiasm, raitably responded. He waa sorry to leave Glenelg, bat would look for ward to visiting it in the future. Musical selections were given, and a pleasant social evening was spent by the company. Iiitost a-~d Export of Live Stocs.— Thia week's Government Gazette contains the following quarterly return of live stock im ported into and exported from South Aus tralia overland during the quarter ended llarch 31 :— Imported from : New South Wales— Sheep 10,047, cattle 2 ; Q i— '.^nd —Cattle 1,634, horses 3S ; Victors— Sheep 4.S0G, cattle 163, horses 32. Exported to: New South Wales— Sheep 1,720, cattle 720, horsea IS; Queensland— Cattle 9, horses 31.' 'Victoria— Sheep 25,249, cattle 838, horse3 432\. Excess of imports— Cattle, 237 ; excess of esporta— sheep, 12,122 ; horses, 411. ilOHTGAGS COHPASY OF SOUIH AUS T2alia. — In their seventh annual report the Directors state: — ' Xbe amount lent on mort gage in the colony at the close of the year stood at £645,437163. 2d., being a alight in crease over the sum lent at the beginning of the year. The Company's borrowing cowers were exhausted in May, and siace then its borrowing operations have been restricted to the renewal of debentures falling due, and the borrowing of sums to replace those repaid. Money has been readily borrowed at 44 per cent., and much larger sums could easily have been obtained had your Directors been in a position to receive them. The depression in the colony, referred to in U3& repoit, has been severely felt during the Ia3t year, and, in consequence, the Local Board decided to restrict the operations of the Company within comparatively narrow limits,- and to reduce the amounts lent ia cases -where loans fell due. Your Directors consider it will be desirable to continue this restrictive policy for some time, although the moderate harvest which has now been reaped, and the recent advance in the price of wool, together with the discoveries of gold, have improved the prospects of the colony. The working expenses are slightly Ie33 this year than last, and the amount at the credit of revenue account, after meeting all charges, is £18,336 I63. od., including £947 8s. lid. brought forward. This balance would admit of a dividend being declared at the same rato as last year, and an addition of £5,000 being made to reserve. But having regard to the depression which has exiated during the past year, and the consequent fall in the value of all kinds of property, the Directors recom mend that a more substantial addition should be made to reserve. They therefore recom mend a dividend on the ordinary paid-up capital at the rate of 8 per cent., which will require £9,600. They propose to place £7,C30 to reserve, raising it to £38,164 4s., and to carry forward the balance of £1,736 I63. od., subject to Directors' remuneration.' Yousg Mes's Cheistiak Association.— At the first meeting of the new Board of Management of the Young Men's Christian Association, held on Thursday, April 23, Jlr. E. Searle forwardedhis resignation a3 General Secretary of the Association, which waa accepted with deep regret, and Mr. John James Virgo, who has been Acting Secretary during Mr. Searle's illness, was unanimously elected General Secretary. Mr. Searle will continue to act on the- Board of Management, Adelaidb Besxvolest asd Straxgeks' Fktesds' Society.— A meeting waa held in the Y.M.C.A. rooms on Thursday afternoo. to consider the proposed resuscitation of the above Society. There was a large attendance, presided over by Mr. J. J. Green. Mr. J. J. Stuckey read the report of the sub- committee appointed to confer with the Strangers' Friends and Charity Organization Society. A conference had been held with representa tives of the Charity Organization Society, who expressed a strong desire that the Benevo lent and Strangers' Friends' Society should not be revived, A letter had also been received slating that the former Society had rescinded the motion deciding that the charity psrt of their report should be dis continued, and farther that they had resolved to distribute charity aa nearly on the lines of the old A.B. and S.F. Society as could safely be done. The Secretary to the Charity Organi zation Society hoped that the two Societies would unite in the work of charity. The committee recommended the meeting not to unite with the Charity Organization Society, but to continue in the work of resusita tion. An animated discussion followed. There was an almost unanimous expression in favour of union if the name of the old Society were adopted. The Charity Organi zation Society was characterized as a failure, mainly because of the objectionable nature of the word ' organization' in its name. The Eev. S. Knight moved ia favour of the union of the Societies uuder the nama 'The Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friends' Society,' with which is incorporated 'The Charity Or ganization Society.' Mr. Rhodes seconded. Mr. Jame3 Smith moved and Dsan Marryat seconded a motion favouring the resuscita tion of the Society under the old name, adding that the Charity Organization Society be asked to co-operate. The amendment was carried by a large majority. Messrs, Green, Kni'htj Madge, and Stuckey were appointed a sub-committee to confer with the Charity Organization Society, The meeting waa then adjourned. Uinos' Pabliahest. — A preliminary meet ing cf the members of the fourth session of the Union Parliament was held on Thursday evening, April 28, in the Oddfellows' Hall, Franklin-Etreet. Mr, G. F. Hussey (the Clerk) was voted to the chair. Before the business was entered upon a vote of congratu lation to Mr. J. G. Jenkin3 on his retirement from the House in consequence of hi3 election for the Start waa enthusiastically carried, and to which Mr. Jenkins suitably responded. It W33 stated that Mr. Jenkin3 was the second member of the Union Parliament who had been returned to the Assembly, the other being Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P. Mr. W. C. Calder was unanimously elected Speaker and Mr. F. Hussey Clerk, In con sequence of the resignation o£ the Jenkins Ministry Mr. F. Johnson has been entrusted with the formation of a new Administration. It was stated that the Parliament consists of seventy members ; and from the large atten dance at the preliminary meeting and the in teresjevincedifci3 likely thatthecomingsession will prove more than ordinarily interesting. Port Adelaide Poultby Society. — A meeting of the members of thia Society was held at ths Port Admiral Hotel on Thursday evenipg, Mr. E. Formby presided over A small attendance. Plans and specifications' for poultry coopa were received and in spected, and the further proceedings were adjourned till next meeting. S.A. Coasting Seamen's Usion\— A meet ing of this Union was held in the Working Men's Hall, Church-street, Porfi Adelaide, on Thursday evening. Mr. L McGillivray, J.P., presided. Seven new members were elected, making the number at present on the roll 549. The Secretary, in giving hi3 weekly report, stated that the depu tation appointed last meeting to wait upon Mr. Russell had done so, but had not yet come to a satisfactory settlement, Mr. Russell informed them that he had seen Cap tain Bickers upon the rate of wages, aud he (Captain Bickers) decided not to pay more than £4 per month. A long discussion then took placa upon the matter, and it -vra3 decided to adhere to the Union rate. It was resolved that a vote of thanks be sent to the Secretary of the Federated Seamen's Union for the action they took in relation to paying the account to the Tug Company in the Fleur de Maurice dispute. StriiaEsxo-ws Institute. —On Thursday Mr. Rowland Reea, M.P., introduced to the Hon. tha Minister of Education a deputa tion from Summertown, consisting of Messrs. Stevens, Iiverton, Collins, Trenorden, Sitters, and Vmce. The proposal of the deputation was to obtain a further subsidy for the Insti tute. Mr. Bee3 pointed out that, although the original estimate -was £650, this was the amount ci the tender for building only. Additional expenditure had been found necessary, and he asked that this should be subsidized, S3 he understood had been done in other cases, fie also requested that the interest on the mortgage, which had been foregone by the mortgagee, should be subsi dized. All the .members of the- deputation supported the reque&t.; The Minister replied that ho doubt in the past Institutes had been allowed subsidies on amounts in excess of their original eatimatee, but for the last year and a half he had not allowed it to be done. In this case he could only grant a subsidy for the original estimate of cost. The mortgage also had been made without his sanction, and could not be recognised. A PECULIAR KNOCKING.— Our Cradock cor- respondent writes on April 26 :— 'A mys- terious ghost story comes from near Yan- yarrie, about 17 miles from Cradock, and is creating a sensation here. It appears that at the house of a farmer named Hamdorff during the past several weeks an unaccount- able knocking has been heard at various parts of the building. On Monday night Mounted-constable Mitchell, accompanied by Messrs. H. Hayward and A. J. Graham, proceeded to the place determined to tho- roughly investigate the matter. It was a dark and lonely drive, and the party arrived at the house about half-past 8, and found the place a pine-and- pug tenement on the banks of the Boolcunda Creek, about 30 yards from a waterhole. The proprietor had left for Quorn, taking with him his wife and a little girl about 7 years old, who, they thought, had seemed to attract the knocks, as they stated the noises had almost invariably pro- ceeded from that part of the house in which the child was at the moment. Two boys, aged about 14 and 9 respectively, were keep- ing house, and the party, in merry incredu- lity, ate their provisions, let the fire go down, and about 9 p.m. blew out the light, the boys having told them that the 'ghost' appeared soon after the light was extinguished. Within two or three minutes two of the party heard a low distant sound as of a splash from a heavy stone dropped into a pool of water, followed by footsteps, immediately suc- ceeded by a distinct knocking at the out- side of the chimney. Two at once went outside, but could see nothing (it was a very dark night), but heard the knocking on the inside. The knocking was as loud and dis- tinct as an ordinary knock at the door. After a few minutes Mr. Mitchell went outside, and Messrs. Hayward and Graham took his place inside, but to each the knocking ap- peared to proceed from the other side of the wall. They asked various questions, which were replied to by knocks, and on one of the party asking the knocker to 'knock louder' the next shook the building. After nearly an hour's duration the noise ceased about 10 p.m., and the party soon after proceeded to 'camp' but not to sleep. About 2 a.m., their nerves having become somewhat calmed, they would soon have been asleep, but the same sounds recommenced, and continued till nearly 3 a.m., when the 'supernatural visitant' decamped, leaving no trace behind. During the second visit they each went round and round the house in turns, but to no pur pose, though the knocking was heard at almost every part, and several times so sharp aa to make the bnilding tremble. Many of the neighbours and residents of Carrieton attest the reality of the sounds. Of course there are incidental rumours afloat of a shepherd drowned near the spot many years ago and of a flitting form having been observed by people out at night horsehunt ing, but, whatever may be the cause, I have it on the authority of Trooper Mitchell that the noises as narrated do occur, and that the performance is weird and eerie in the ex treme.' Sa?titaby Regoxatioxs.— The following extract from a Melbourne paper shows how particular the sister colony ia in matters of boarding vessels, though, it should be ob Eerved, at this port the arrangements are so perfect such a contretemps could not occur : — ' Notwithstanding the Btringent measures that had been laid out for the arrival of the M.M. Company's steamer Yarra, from Mar seilles, the vessel passed through Port Phillip Heads shortly after 4 o'clock, and wa3 in tbe Bay before any notice of her passing through had been given. In fact, she steamed close to the Port Melbourne Railway Pier with the health and Custom flags flying. Tha iredical officer on duty (Dr. McLean, jun.) and Chief Immigration Officer (Mr. T. B. Hammond) were on the alert, and proceeding in the steamlaunch went after the Yarra, and made those in charge go back to the outer anchorage off Williamstown. Here a deten tion of two houra was necessary for the pur pose of making a careful inspection by the officers. This having been completed, the flags were hauled down, and tha steamer placed alongside the pier shortly before noon.' The Qitees at Birmingham.— The Queen's visit to Birmingham (writes our London correspondent) was a great jubilee demon Etration— a foretaste of what we may expect three months hence, when ths whole kingdom will be astir with rejoicings and festivities. Everything that wa3 possible was done by the authorities and inhabitants of the great Midland town to make the visit memorable. There was one triumphal arch which, I imagine, was the most artistic work of the kind ever erected, by a loyal people. I refer to the metal workers' arch, which, illustrating the prin cipal trades of the town, was composed of 20 tons of bronze iron, ornamented by twisted bras3 columns and representations in bras3 of aquatic bird3, fishes, and waterlilies, and contained in the centre of the architraves a large medallion portrait of Her Majesty. In the early morning the outlook was most unfavourable, and the Qiieen left Windsor in a heavy gale, but fortunately before the day'a proceedings began the skies assumed a less wintry a3pact, and some thing like ' Queen's weather' prevailed. The addresa of the Corporation waa pre sented in the Town Hall, which waa specially decorated for the occasion. When Her Majesty ascended the dais not a solitary cheer was heard. Thia was due to no want of loyalty, bat from a foolish fear on the part of the well-dressed crowd that if they used their lungs they would be guilty of a breach of decorum. The most notable incident in the hall was ths Queen's recognition of Mr. Chamberlain. Seeing him at the foot of the dais she sent for him, and the Sovereign and the Liberal-Unionist chief engaged in an amicable conversation for the space of a minute. On leaving the hall the Royal party proceeded, amid scenes of great popular enthusiasm, to King Edward's School, whera the scholars— boys aud girls— presented the Queen with an addres3 and a bouquet. She subsequently laid the foundation-stone of tha Victoria Law Courta, in the presence of a large number of privilege d guests. She i3 described as looking very well, and appa rently in excellent Bpirita. After thanking the Mayor (Mr. T. MartJQeau) for h.er recep ti9Di 3tiS returned tn Wj.^ The Great Gxjs Trials at Woolwich. —The final proof experiment with the first of the great gucs for H.M.S. Benbow took place at the Woolwich Arsenal Butts lately (says an English paper), enormous charges being fired, auch aa are far bayond all previous experiences. A thousand pounds of gun powder were discharged at one round behind a projectile weighing 1,800 lb. The electric spark wa3 transmitted from the instrument room, and with a tremendous sound, the gun recoiled at an easy rate up the railed incline on which it stood. The shot had attained a velocity of 2,128 feet per second, with the remarkably low pressure of 16*1 tons, and the gun. was apparently none the worse for the shock ; but a second round of precisely the same character waa deemed necessary to show that it wa3 uninjured, and this waa accomplished with precisely similar results, The only adverse consequences were a few broken windows, but less damage was done than expected. Such an engine of war is necessarily costly, and every time it ia fired in action it will involve an outlay for ammu nition alone of fully £100. A CCIDE5T at Port Adelaidb —At midday on Thursday a man named James Oakley met with a nasty accident while measuring some timber at the rear of Mesars. Harrold Brothers' store. A trolly, loaded with long timber, slewed round, and the timber sud denly striking Oakley severely crushed him. He was taken to the local hospital, where Dr. Toll attended him. No bones were broken, and the patient will probably recover in a few days. I--di7strial School for the Bletd. — Received for this institution £25 from Dr. Duflot, French Canadian doctor, from the selling of his medicine In Central Market on Thursday afternoon. Received.— Scrvragour's ' Road and RaS' for Ma j, 