the novelist. Blind filly. By B. I. PASJE01T. It was difficult, and I had to play a quiet part. I did not dare to speak, even indirectly, to Sir Edmund ; I did a not dare to say the slightest word which might lead him to suppose that I had any III suspicion of Lady Judith. Attached as U he was to me, I make no doubt that he 1 would have discharged tne on the spot. | When it came to choosing between me |g and Lady Judith, I knew which one p| would have to go to the wall. So all 1 | could do was t® wait and watch, and " use my best cunning to gather evidence. H What made my task all the more difficult " i was that Sir Edmund had'not mentioned Lady Judith's name to me.- Ordinarily |ti he had been in the habit of speaking of 3 | his friends and acquaintances, but in my hearing Lady Judith's name had never |-|| passed his lips. It was not for me, |fgj therefore, lightly to introduce it ; my |!l reasons would have to be weighty p| ones. iflf H was about this time that my master |p began to play higher than usual, and to "plunge " heavily at the races. I heard Lady J udith say once that it was a for tunate thing she was a widow, because it enabled her to do things which would be , perfectly shocking in a single young lady. That is why she came to Sir Edmund's rooms in London ; it was at her persuasion I had no doubt, that he gave parties there, so that she might have an opportu1 nity of being present. Cards and dice were soon introduced, and there were times when I saw the tables covered with gold and bank note3. I did not like the look of it; my master seemed to be ig .going down hill. st." Captain Whitelock was a great gambler aadt-f And methodical, and never caring ,colhw high the stakes were. One night, to my surprise, I saw Lady Judith sitting at one of the tables with a pile of money before her. It surprised me, because I licUi flji idsci that she would, have been more prudent than to have exhibited her failings to Sir Edmund. I noticed that he looked grave, that was not usual with him he was always in the highest spirits — though whenever she addressed him he brightened np. I was seldom absent on \- these nights ; my master liked to have me near him, so that he might give me instructions with respect to his guests. He was a princely host, and was annoyed if there was the slightest hitch in his entertainments. Limpett, also, was generally hnnging around. One night there was some talk about an exhibition of pistol practice that was to be given in a shooting-gallery on the following day, and an arrangement was made to meet there. Captain Whitelock, upon Lady Judith's saying that she would like to be present, offered to escort her. "I should prefer you," she said to Sir Edmund: And he answered that he would drive her and Captain Whitelock to the rooms. The principal feature in the programme was a match between two famous pro fessional pistol-shots, and there was hi»h betting on the result. When the match was decided, Captain Whitelock chal lenged my master to a trial. My master excused himself, saying that he was a poor hand with the pistol. Then Captain Whitelock challenged the winner of the _ match. Limpett beckoned me aside. " They're laying three to one on the professional," he whispered. " Back the captain ; the money will be as good as in your pocket." And then he told me that Captain Whitelock was the finest shot in. Europe. He must have spokenthe truth, for Captain Whitelock won easily, and astonished everybody by his skill. -Proud of the praise he was receiving,- he asked. Lady J udith to lend him her gloves, which he fixed flat against the wall, - with the fingers slightly apart. Then, fi-'n'g rap idly at thirty paces, he shot off the tips of. each finger and thumb. ' ' J ust the nails," he smilingly said. "You owe me a dozen pair of gloves,' said Lady Judith to him. " Sir Edmund will give them to you," .he replied, with a laugh which was half a sneer ; " he's the bird you're to bring down." The remark was carelessly made, and it produced an impression. The speaker bit his lip, as though he would have liked to recall his words, Lady Judith uttered a little scream, and my master started and threw a look of suspicion on Lady Judith and the successful marksman. " What T mean is," said Captain White- lock, " that if I ventured to make you a present of a dozen pair of gloves, I should expect Barry to call me out, which wouldn't be desirable." : " Certainly not for me," said my master gravely. Nothing more was 3aid upon the sub ject, and the conversation turned upon some regimental races wliieliwere to take jfface on a suburban race-course ip a few >yeek " I'm open to make a match," said the officer, " for any sum up to five hundred sovs. My mare Miss Selim against any thing that can be brought against her' Threeihile3 over the steeple-chase course, thirteen stone, owners up." "There's only one bit of horseflesh can beat Miss Selim," said Captain White- lock, " and that's Babbling Fanny." "She's to be bought- '' ."..said some one." v " Whoever buys" it will be sold," re marked tlie officer. - I saw a look of intelligence pass between Captain Whitelock and Lady Judith. I think 110 one else observed it. ; but I was on the watch ; the game was growing se rious. The game that was played that night in my master's chambers was serious enough in all. conscience. Sir Edmund was play ing with Lady J udith, and was laughing at the sums she was winning from him. She had wooed him back into good-humor, arid had dispelled his suspicions, if he had any. Captain Whitelock was looking on, and proposed to join in. Before the party broke up my master had lest ten thousand pounds, and Captain Whitelock had won the chief part of it. It did not surprise me very much to hear, a week afterward, that my master had bought Babbling Fanny, and had made the match against Miss Selim. There was a great deal of talk over it, and my master took ma into his confidence and almost for the first time introduced Lady Judith's name into the conversa tion. -".She has set her heart uponit, Willy," he said, " and is going to back my mare. 'Captain WThitel6ck says Babbling Fanny is bound to win." " Whos to ride her sir I asked. "Owners up," lie said, laughing. "I shall be in the saddle." He was a fine rider, but I doubted his ability to ride a steeple-chase. He con- vinced me, however, 011 the roilowiug day by taking me down to the stable in which Babbling Fanny was being trained, and ridi'ig the mare himself over the course 011 which the match was to take place. There was an advantage in the stable being so near ; Mis3 Selim was being trained fifty miles away. We went down fre quently to see. and ride the mare. Cap tain Whitelock was often with us, and he declared that my master was the finest gentleman rider in England. " And make no mistake about it," he said. " Babbling Fanny can give Miss Selim a stone, and walk away from her. Don't try to win too easily though ; wait upon her to the last hurdle and then win by a length or so. It will be quite enough. I've backed your mare for five thousand, and I'm going to put every shilling I'm worth on her. " The odds were six to four on Babbling Fanny, and gradually lengthened till they reached four to one. " It's buying money dearly," said Cap tain Whitelock, ' 1 but I don't think there's a doubt about it. You feel pretty certain, don't you1?" My master showed him his book. He stood to lose fifty thousand pounds on the match, and to "win about sixteen. " Losing or winning will make a differ ence of nearly . seventeen thousand to you," observed Captain Whitelock. " A convincing argument, isn't it ?" asked my master. _ _ "Don't wan't a better," said Captain Whitelock. " I shall go on laying the odds. It's only once in a lifetime a fel low gets such a chance. Keep yourself cool ; that's all you have to do." My master, indeed, was training him self for the race, and was keeping better hours. There was no more late parties ; the revels were postponed until the match "was decided. All this time the love affair between him and Lady Judith was pro ceeding as usual, and it was a fortnight before the race that he said to me, " Willy, I dare say you guess that lam engaged to be married ?" "i didn't like to take the liberty of speaking of it, sir," I said. " To Lady Judith, I suppose ?" " Yes, Willy. HI win the match, we shall get married a few weeks after ward." It was a curiou3 thing, I thought, to let a marriage depend upon the winuing or the losing of a race, but I said nothing on that head ; it would have been pre sumption on my part. But the news troubled me ; in my own mind I felt sure that there .was no feeling of true, honest love between: Sir Edmund and Lady Judith. She had managed to get - his promise, and he was bound to abide by by it, and I saw in store for him a life of unhappiness. I could have knocked my head against the wall in vexation, but I could see no way out of the difficulty. I did venture to say one thing to him. I asked him if he had heard that Captain Whitelock and Lady Judith were once said to be engaged. Instead of being angry with mo, as I was afraid he would be, he said, in a kind tone : "It wouldn't do, Willy, for me to listen to rumours against the lady I am pledged to marry. There is scarcely a person in the world wliom the, breath of scandal does not touch. Don't bring mo any more rumours." Ah, thought I, but what if I brought you facts! Would you listen to them? I had 110 facts to show, him, only suspi cions which he would laugh away. I little guessed that fate had a stroke of great good fortune in store for me. Lady Judith had leftjLondonion a'visit to some friends in Paris, and was to be absent till the night before the match, which she wouldn't miss seeing for the world, she said. She had told my master that he was not to expect to hear from her. " I-hate'detter-writiug," she- said ; "it makesVmy" head ache, and I never know what'to say." He did not object to her going, and I supposed she had gone to Paris to buy dresses. Captain Whitelock was in London, and we saw him every day. Now two days before the match was to be run something occurred upon which my whole story turns. It was nine o'clock at night, and I was out walking. Whom should I meet but Limpett ? I came upon him suddenly as I turned a corner. He was in a violent state of excitement, and was talking excitedly to himself. I saw, too, that he had been drinking. " Hallo !"I'said ; " what's the matter ? Have you been having a row with any body?" A chance shot, but it hit the mark. He broke out into, violent , invectives against Captain Whitelock, with whom, it appears, ho bad had an angry «cene, and by whom he had been discharged without notice. I saw my opportunity, but I did not dream where it would lead to. I nursed his passion to my advantage, and I nursed him into such a furious state. :tbat lie swore to bo revenged upon tho man ho had s.erved so long, and who had behaved so ungratefully to him. More th'aii once the name of Lady Judith escaped his lips. The cause of the quarrel, as I understood, was that Limpett had been . backing Babbling Fanny se cretly, and Captain Whitelock, discovering it, had been furious with him for doing what was likely to "spoil the iharket." I I had a suspicion, however, that another cause of the quarrel was that Captain Whitelock had discovered that Limpett had been robbing him. That there was secrets between them which made each afraid of the other I had no doubt ; for although Limpett swore to be revenged, he announced his intention almost in the same breath of going to America when Babbling Fanny had won the match, and ho had received the money he expected to win. " I'll leave this cursed country behind me," he said ; " I can make my fortune : iii: the States, and become a gentleman like the best of them." I. settled instantly upon a plan of ac tion. If anything was to be discovered which would set my master -free from Lady Judith, it was to be discovered now, and through Limpett. He, and 110 other man, it seemed to me, held in his hands the threads of my dear master's happi ness. . .. I approached the subject cautiously ; I told him I had as little regard as he had for Captain Whitelock, and not much for Lady Judith, and that if he could put me in the way of finding out any thing, about them that would be I of service to my master, I was ready to pay handsomely for it. - ' " When you laud in America," I .Baid, "the more money ;you :-have : in , "your pocket, the better your chances. ' ' That's = true," he said though tf ully , and he considered a few momerit ih silence. " What do "you call paying hand somely?" ' v " "-What do -you ?" I. asked, , in return. " How does fiVe hundreff pounds: Btrike; you?" he said. saved during my service, with Sir Edmund. > He was a liberal master, "as ythi may im agine. I did not stop to haggle ; the stake was too great ; had Limpett named my life into the bargain, I would have given it willingly to save my master. I said the sum he wanted was as much as I had saved, and that he was welcome to it. "I must have the money down," he Baid. It happened that I had fifty pounds about ine ; I pulled it out at once, and handed it to him. My bank-book and check-book were also in my pocket. I showed him both so that he might reckon the figures for himself, to provo that I was dealing fairly by him. Then I drew a check for four hundred and fifty' pounds,, and gave it to him. _ ... ; "There is still something else, to be settled," he said; "I aim not to appear the affair, and you will take your oath not to mention that I have had anything to do with it." I agreed to everything, and then he told me to write down an address. It was Laburnum Villa, Sydenham, and he gave me precise instructions how to find it. I knew the road, and I had no doubt that I could go straight to the villa. " Take Sir Edmund Barry there," .said Limpett, " to-night, and you will find that I have earned my money. . With that we parted. Now, thought I, how. to .induce my master to Liburnum Villa, Sydenham, at once, this very night? We could drive and get there before midnight ; we could . take a train and get there still earlier.. To drive would be best ; it would insure our getting home in decent time. I hit upon an expedient, and was quite satisfied to practice a deception. It was likely to be successful, forthe one reason that Lady Judith's name was not to appear in it. Upon a piece of paper, which I took care should not be of the cleanest, I wrote, in a disguised hand, the following words : "If you want to find out someth ing about Captain Whitelock and the match you are going to ride on Babbling Fanny, go immediately to Laburnum Villa, Sydenham." My master was at home. I went to him, without a moment's delay, with the. story that the piece of paper had been slipped .into my hand by a person who looked like a stable boy. He read it, and jumpedto his feet. "Do you know the place, Willy ?" he- asked. - "I know Sydenham well,"- I replied " and I think I can take you straight to the house. I am sure I have seen the name up." " Perhaps it's a trick," he said. _. " Trick or not," I said,. "It will do no harm going there. There may be some thing in it, and there's more money than, yours depending 011 the race." The remark had weight with him, and ho decided to go. So little . time i had been lost that by .ten o'clock we were 011 the road, rolling along at the rate of ten miles an hour. My master gave the reins to me, and leaning back in thought, spoke: no word. Limpett's direction's had been very precise, and I had no difficulty in finding thb villa. To make sure I alight ed, and read the name on the posts of the garden gate. " That is the house," I said, returning to my master. ' . ... .The. windows were lighted up, / and sounds of music proceeded from a room on the first floor. The windows of this room were partly open; the night being warm. We were almost directly in front of the house ; there was no moon, arid we were in darkness. There was. therefore little danger of being observed. . On the other hand, the light in the room, was so brilliant that we could see pretty clearly into it." "What's the first move, Willy?" asked my master. " We never thought of that." . ' Before I had time to reply, a woman began to sing. There " was ho . mistaking the Voice ; it was Lady Jupith's. My master listened, spell-bound ; but. when, the song finished, he saw Lady Judith come to the window, he awoke from his stupor. She turned her head, and seemed to call to someone in the room. In response to the summons a man came to her side. It was Captain White- lock, and . he was smoking a cigar. He passed his arm around Lady Judith's waist, and they stood laughing and talk ing together. Then my master said, very quietly, " It is time to go home." He took the reins, and we drove back to London as we had come— in silence. He uttered no word, and I did not venture to speak. - The next day was the day before the race, and we drove to the training stables to see Babbling Fanny. "The mare was in perfect condition. " Fit to run for a man's life," the trainer said. Upon our return to London my master drove to certain friends who, to his knowledge, had backed Babbling Fanny. Tie sent me also with letters marked " Private " outside to other friends of his. He made no reference to the scene we had -ritnessed on the previous night. He spent the evening at home, and was busy writing and making up accounts. Half an hour before midnight, as he was about to retire to bed, a telegram came for him. He read it, and handed it to me. It was from Lady Judith, to the effect that she had just returned from Paris after a delightful fortnight passed in that city, and that she was looking forward eagerly ' or to-iqorrow? when she vyoyld etf him on the race-course. It was a long telegram and it ended with the words, ' ! Be sure you win — for my sake !" " I show you the telegram, Willy," said my master, ' ' because you already know something of the shameful affair, and in order, if anything happens to ma, that you may give any person the lie who cir culates a false version of it to my dis credit." " Wliat is going to happen to you ?" I asked, in alarm. . - "I may break my neck to-morrow in trying to clear Ditch. Don't look frightened," he added, with a gay laugH. "I have no such intention, I assure you. For a long time past I have been under the influence of a had dream ; I am heart ily glad it is over. Look you, Willy; I like you, not because youvthinkbetter of me than I deserve, but because you have been, from first to last, honest and faith ful ; I feel safe with you my lad. It hap pens sometiiries that a jkind jof evil en chantment comes upon a man ; it came upon me, and I have a notion that I have you to thank for dispelling it. ' I don't ask you to tellmeahy thing;;. keep your secret, if you have cms. Though I may come out of the -affair a ruined man to morrow, I shall riot, 'ffind life less enjoy able on that account. As to what you saw last night, ypu will not speak of it- while I live without my permission. And now, "Willy, before you get to bed, one word. more. Ypu're an Englishman, and if a woman hit;you. it wouldn't enter your head toTeturn the blow?" " . "No," I said.; " : " Of course, not,", he said ; " but. if; a : man who professed himself your friend \- -gave you a foukblows what then 1" \ " I khould return it, %£.said',.-" straight from the shoulder." ." - " Where he would most feel it, Willy," said iriy master, laughing again, " even though it was in his pocket." " Ye3," I said, though I did not under stand what he meant by the pocket. ."Exactly. That is what I'm going to do. I want you to bear in mind a certain important fact in connection with the match to-morrow. Win or lose, not one of my friends, not a man who has acted squarely by me, will be a shilling out of pocket. That's what I've been busy about to-day. And now, -good night." He shook hands with me, and when I left him I swore to watch over him and protect him from danger. He had soirie plan in his head, I saw, and without knowing anything about it, I was satisfied as to its justice. ' "He was up in good time in the morn ing, and I heard him singing in his bath. It gladdened me to know, from his cheer ful voice, that his heart had never been really erigaged in .his affair with Lady Judith. She and Captain Whitelock had egged him on, and had endeavoured to compromise him for their own purpose. We did not arrive on tho race-course till a few minutes before the time for running the match, and we - went at once to the paddock, where Babbling Fanny and Miss Selim were being saddled. The officer who owned and was to ride Mis Selim was there, and complained of the book makers, who had refused to accommodate him when he wauted to back .'his mare. " I'll give you four monkeys to one," said my master.; "The book-makers look Upon the race as a certaiuty, and don't care to meddle.' with : it."- . : . But I learned afterward that it was by ' private arrangements with him... that, the book- makers would have nothing to do with it. He succeeded in his endeavour to keep the bets in private hands; It was while he arid the officer were booking the bet of four monkeys to' one that -Captain \yhitelock came., up to them. - , ' " Lady Judith has been looking out anxiously for you;" he . said to. my mas ter.,.;. . ; ff-.'.-.v ' \" . -- ."I have only just arrived," said my master. "I thought' it be.st to keep my self cool, as.yori ;aflvid;f;:if Lady Judith wishes, I, yviU-ge.o heV tffterthe race." .- " Of course she I wishes," "-said Captain Whitelock. "What, hot are you book ing?" '.My master showed it ! b'mj Captain Whitelock's face was raduuic... " I shall win a pot,"' he said. "Unless I happeri to get beat," ob served my master, cheerfully; „ The radiant look- vanished from Captain Whitelock's face. 1" You haven't been hedging at all.- have you ?"' he tasked.--:'- : -" " " Captain Whitelock," said my master gravely, ' ' I haven't hedged a shilling; If: Miss Selim wins, I shall bo pretty nearly, if not quite, ruined." "I shall be in the same boat," said Captain Whitelock ; " only you. can afford it, and I can't. But nothing venture, nothing win. As you stick to your bets, I shall stick to mine. I should say it's a thousand to one 011 Babbling Fanny." " Keep your eyes and your ears open," said my master to me, when he was in. the saddle, and before he passed out of the saddling paddock into the course. . T did both, arid posted myself close to Captain Whitelock and Lady Judith whilo Babbling Fanny and . Miss Selim were; cantering down to the starter. Captain Whitelock was telling her he had seen my master, who stood-to lose \- a fortune on the match . V q ; , > "He would be a better catch- "for ,.me than yeu, after .all," she said; in a low tone,, but not so low that it did not 1 reach my ears. .a ' : "-'jU " Don't try any of your tricks upon me my lady," he said -almost in a whisper. "I think I should be able to checkmate the pair of you." ; "Don't- talk, nonsense, " she-replied. " He's the greehesf goose I've ever met with," said Captain Whitelock. " Alto gether too good for a- wicked little devil like you." Their attention was now centred upon the horses. The flag fell and the bell rang. There was no attempt at racing for the first mile. Miss Selim held the lead, Babbling Fanny a couple of lengths in the rear. . " That's the style," said Captain White- lock, ; "he's playing a waiting race, it's a certainty." I tried to keep down my excitement. The horses fenced beautifully, and skimmed the hurdles like swallows. Babbling Fanny fell back a couple of lengths, and Miss Selim had a four length's lead. There was still, however, a mile and a half to go. "He can make.it up when he likes," said Captain Whitelock, trembling from excitement. "I'd give a thousand pounds to see Miss Selim break her neck at the ditch." But Miss Selim cleared the ditch in grand stylo, and sailed along with a long, low stride which caused shouts' jri her fa vour to he raised all , ovor;- the course. Babbling Fanny also" cleared the ditch, though not in such fine style as her rival, and was now at feast a dozen lengths behind. " Come 011 ! come on !" screamed Cap tain. Whitelock. . Two miles were passed, and a wide gap Separated the horses. They 1! :1 not make a mistake at the hurdles, but. ijin seemed to have the foot of - Bab-. ' ' ' ' \ Fanny. Before the last hurdle was reach ed there was a hill, and here Babbling Fanny gained two or three lengths. " It's all right," sighed Captain White- lock, " but it was risking too much to keep so far behind." The last hurdle was safely got-over, and then Miss Selira's rider raised his whip. " Hurrah !" cried Captain Whitelock, as he saw Babbling Fanny gaining on her rival. " Wliv don't you come on ?" It wa too late. Miss Selim passed the winning post two lengths ahead. I looked at Captain Whitelock. He was as white as a ghost, and there was blood on his lip : he had ; bitten it through. - I made my way immediately to the saddling paddock. The officer who had ridden Miss Selim - was pale with excite ment, arid almost reeled in the saddle as he passed through the gate. My blaster's face was pale also, but he was calm. " Well," he said, as I assisted him to dismount, " the comedy is finished." There was a sudden commotion in the crowd, and Captain 'Whitelock pushed his way through. He would have come close to my master had I not stood between them. " What do you want ?" said my master. " Have you lost money on the race 1 So have I. I will give any man fifty thou sand to pay my losses." " You shall answer to me for this," said Captain Whitelock. '" "I will answer you now,"., said . my, \- master, .. ." and I tell you that you are either a scheiriing scoupdrel or a contempt ible fool."- ff?he syinpathy of the ' by-standers was so. clearly with my master- — many men whom, he knew, and whom he had saved from loss gathering around him with expressions of sympathy — that Captain Whitelock was hustled about. "You shall hear from ine before the day is over," he muttered, and took his departure. "Come Willy," said my master, "let us go into the ring." There he conducted himself so cheer fully, chatting genially, - and bearing his great losses so cheerfully, that sympathis ing hands were stretched out to him from all sides. There could be no doubt, from what I heard, that not one of his friends was a sufferer by the result of the match. There were only two losers, him self and Captain Whitelock. The Captain, had taken his departure from the race course ; Lady J udith also had disappeared. I related to my master the conversation I had overheard between them. "She has set me free," he Baid blithly, "but we have not heard the last of the affair. Captain Whitelock will challenge me, and will'propose that . we shall _ cross the Channel for the duel- Mention it to no one, my lad." ; ' ' You will not accept the challenge ?" I cried. " I must he said. "Not another word, Willy ; I will not allow it. I am the judge of my own honor." ' Now, indeed,, I had something to occupy my thoughts. ' The scene, at the shooting-gallery came before me again, and I knew that my master was a dead man unless I could prevent the challenge and the duel. And I determined to pro- vent- it, at whatever cost and risk to my self. The scheme that suggested- itself was a mad oue enough in all conscience, but I resolved to carry it out if it cost me- : my life. ,My_ story is coming to an end, and I am going. to tell you exactly why it was, it was that my master did not receive the challenge from Captain Whitelock: ' He never quite knew the truth of it, for I have never spoken of it till- , now. A poment, friend. Ha3 not some one come into the room? No one? Then iriy ears must have deceived'me. / We'll, this was the way of it. Take my hairid in yours and feel it ? Grip mine as hard as you can ; harder — harder. Your fingers are like baby fingers as they twine themselves round mine. I could crush every bone in them with my steel grip ; as I crushed e»ery bone in Captain White- locks right hand, and rendered it impos sible for him to ever again hold a pistol in it.' _ He occupied chambers, as my master- did. I knew I should find him . home eaily in the evening, and a few minutes -after my master and I returned from the races I kiiocked - at Captain Whitelock's "door.-; His own voice bade me enter. He was alone, and was standing at a table examining a pair of pistols. He looked at me with a strauge smile. " Lwas just thinking of your master," he said. " Have you come to me with an apology from him? You can take it back, and tell hiui that with one of these toys I shall shoot him through the heart;" ' 6 - j "I don't come from my master," Isaid, arid as I Spoke I turned the key in his door ; " I am here on my own account, and I have a- watch-word for you." " Your design seems to be robbery;" he said, roused to anger by the purposed ' insolence of iriy tone. "Unlock that door." .. . . , "Hear my watch word first." I" said. : A " Out with it then !" he cried. ' "Laburnup Villa, Sydenham." I saw by his livid face that he knew all had been discovered. With an oath he threw himself upon me, and raised his right' hand with a pistol in it. I seized the hand, and the pistol went off obliquely across my eyes. From that moment I have been stone- blind. But I did not let go his hand ; I held 011 to it and crushed it iri miiie. He screamed with pain, and his cries brought people to the door, which they could not immediately open. While they were beating it in, Captain Whitelock and I struggled all over the room. "Let go!" he shrieked; "you are crushing my fingers 1" " You shall never use them again " I muttered between my teeth. . It was a brutal act, I know, and I have only to plead, in justification of it, that it saved my dear master's life, for from that evening Captain Whitelock's hand was powerless for mischief. . J taken up for it, of course, and tried ; but Captain Whitelock said nothing at the trial of the injury to his hand. The charge against me was attempted robbery accompanied by violence. I was sen tenced to five years' imprisonment. That is the whole of my story, .'friend which I have related to you by my master's orders. I have told it all if I have not made it clear to you that there lives not 011 God's earth a nobler-hearted .gentleman than Sir Edmund Barry. How long have you known him ? Over a' year ? Well, you should have got a pretty good inkling of his character in that time. And how was it that Lady J udith came to you and called him a cheat and a coward ? She was driving accidentally through the village, was she? Yes. Go on. And hearing Sir Edmund Barry was here and well liked ? Yes, yes ; go on. And not only well liked, but well loved ? Yes yes ; that was sure to be. Go on. Stop' What was that you said ? And going to be married to your daughter? What, to that young lady who sings my master's songs so sweetly ? God bless her — and him ! I see it all. Lady Judith's venom showed itself when she heard the news, and she thought she would spoil my master's happiness. But she hasn't done so, has she ? He's as good and true a gentleman as any girl in the land could hope to win. That woman has not stepped in the way of his happiness, has she ? No ? .Then God bless you! There is some one stirring in tho room. You can't deceive me any longer. I know the step. "Willy!" My dear piaster ! God bless you 1 God bless you ! Let me kiss the hand or the lady you love ! 