SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -_e SPORTING NOTES,. As the July Moonee A alley) races take place I next Saturday) owners and trainers are reminded that entries close to di) at 4 pm The programme is of a more attractive cb practice thin man in 1 Beginning with a nil Stakes of 40 Sovs over four furlongs and a half a Selling Hurdle Race of 70 sons one mile and a halt follows The Oaklands Hun cup of rye so , is for two) year olds and the distance four furlongs and a half I here is also a Stecplecln c, 1 >r which the proprietor guarantees 110 above the course being the easy distance of one mile and three-quarters A Selling Race of IOSOVS half a mile and the July 11 medicine if Oaovs eight" yearlings and a half com plot the list The nomination isasovcrci"n all round the weights will be announced to We Friesian) Register I trust as in 1 jockeyship obtain their tickets on Thurs day and none will be issued in any other Wed) The weights for the Caulfield Cap are pected to be made know n at noon to day) 1 entries for the Bendigo Selling Race and Selling Hurdle Race close to Mr I I Sum) the hon. secretary before 8 o'clock this evening Owneraintending to withdraw horses from the several handicaps can do so up to 9 o'clock this afternoon, otherwise they will he considered acceptors The Railway department will grant return tickets atholl be) excursion fares on Tuesday and Wednesday available for return up to Thursday evening Mr Joseph Thompson a race special will leave Spencer street on the morning of the meeting at 6 30 am arriving at Sandhurst at 1-' J p in The return train will leave San Thurst at 7 30 p m and will reach town at 10 20 p m J tunes will be received to morrow up to 4 pm either by Mr A A M Millan at the exchange Hotel, Sale, or the V R.C office in Melbourne for the Hurdle Race, Winter Han heap Flying Handicap and Steeplechase to be run at the winter meeting of the Sale Turf Club on the 27th Inst the Hawkesbury Guineas (1889) and Produce Stakes (1889) close on Tuesday the nomination fees are 2 guineas and 1 sev respectively for the convenience of Melbourne breeders entries can be made at the V R C office up to 4 p in The Lilydale races. which should have come off last Friday, Ore postponed till next Thursday) The Lady Carrington Prize, to be run at the New Year's meeting of the Sydney Tnt tersall's Club, requires attention on Tuesday). The stake is made up of 40 Sovs each for starters, with WO Sovs added, and is for two year-olds, the second and third receiving 100 sons, and SO above., while the distance is five furlongs. The entry fee is 1 sov., with 2 Sovs forfeit or no liability if declared by) 1 p.m. on the day of the general entry. The winter of the Richmond Stakes, Maribyrnong Plate, or December Stakes will carry 7lb penalty, of two of them 101 b., or of any other nice not a handicap 3lb. Entries can be made in Melbourne at the V.R.C. office up to 4 pm. to morrow. The Mount Gambier general entries and acceptances are due on Tuesday. The races take place on Wednesday and Thursday). The weights for the Deniliquin races will be published on Thursday, and those for the Jerilderie meeting on Saturday, on which latter day the Hay general entries are man to be made, '1 he Elsternwick-par racecourse resembled a lake on Saturday. It is, as yet, doubtful whether the meeting, which was to have been held on that day, can be brought off on Friday. The Mooroopna races were postponed till Friday next, on account of the wet weather. The first meeting of the recently formed Ararat Amateur Turf Club has been fixed for Wednesday, the 10th of August. Entries for the various events close on the -hills man Mr. John M'Gibbony, the popular secretary of the Ararat 'Turf Club, has accepted a similar position in connection with the new club The AvtlraUuuan Sketcher for this month contains and illustration of the new grand stand at Williamstown. The structure is expected to be completed in time for the November meeting Entries close next Friday, for the Hurlingham Pony) Races, appointed to take place on W Wednesday), the 13th inst. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. announce their instructions from Mr. J. C Barrett to sell, at Newmarket, the day before the V. it O Grand >>uuotitil Meeting, the following nice horse's :- Golden Fleece, Kitty Fisher, Gadll), Lithologist, Marlborough, Empresa, Bar One, The Ghost, 'tumult, and the Caul held Cup winner, Grace Darling. Mr Duffett is retiring from racing, in order to devote his time to pastoral pursuits, and tho whole of the foregoing horses are for positive sale. 'the V B.C. committee will shortly take into consideration the desirability of extend pig iron till Jliicing Lakmlai all hurdle races or steeplechases less than two miles It adopted, this will create a revolution in the programmes of the suburban courses Arrangements have been made by the Rail way) department for the convenience of visitors to the Grand National Steeplechase Meeting on Saturday week '1 Tickets are to be issued at all stations on the previous day by the last through trams, and by the line; up tram on the day of the raced at holiday fares, available for return on the following Monday. The committee of the Victorian Club have had under consideration a charge made by a member against certain other members of being guilty of conduct detrimental, to the interests of the club, in that thin took a prominent part in the formation of another club at the premises lately vacated by the Victorian Club 'the members complained of, however, severed their connection with the new club, and the matter was, allowed to drop. The Sydney Tattersall's Club have resolved to build a new clubhouse if a suitable site the be procured Saturday's mail brought details of the Derby run on the 28th May. Men) Hampton, the winner, was ridden b) Watts, and defeated the favourite in a canter by four lengths. The Baron was ridden by) T. Cannon, and Martley, the third horse who finished two lengths behind the favourite, by F Burrett Aintree was fourth pulling up, Entitle next was ten lengths a way, and the winner came out at the distance, The betting was 6 to 1 on The Baron, and 3 to 1 torn place, in a field of 11, Endsperd figuring next at 100 to li died 5 to 1, with Mattie at 10 tor, and rate 1, and Merry Hamilton at 100 to 4) and 6 to l respective!). Tile time was 2min 15sec, and the net value of the stakes _ 1,525. Merry Hampton pleased his party in a trial on the previous Saturday, and was then backed local). As regards the favourite, however, the fielders never ceased tilting the odds, and amongst the heaviest losers by his non success was Mr Benham, who recently visited Australia, and who, find the Irish bred colt been the winner, would it is said, have taken close on £30,000 out of the ring on settling day). Mr Berton has been christened the "Jubilee Plunger" Merry Hampton is the highest priced ) earling that over won the Derby. He was bred by Mr J. Simons Harrison, and purchased at the Doncaster sales on his present owner, Mr Abington, for 3500 guineas In the Derby he made his first and only appearance in public, and he was scratched for the Epsom Grand Prize, which was run the following day, and in which he would have had to carry a 10lb pi nulty. Alter Enterprise had been struck out of the Derby, it was discovered that he had put out a splint The Prix du Jockey Club (French Derby)) was run at Chantilly on the 22nd of May. '! here were 18 starters, and the winner, M. P. Aumont's Monarque, by SuMtrage-Des- tine ; Baron A. de Sclncklor'a Krakatoa, by Thunderbolt Little Sister, being second ; Junr M. M. 1'phrus.i'a Uiviirtlc, by Hennit -I)n8iliiiue, third ; whilst the Count de Ber touch Tinineau, by Perplexe- Ortolan, was placed fourth. Mr. Lelevrc'a 1 rupture was favourite at 2 to 1, and the winner started at 100 to 15. 'the time of the race was 2min. 5sec, and the value of the stakes was J. 1, IOS. the fear that the Waterloo Cup would with your ben future in the matter of nominations has been entirely dispelled through the reduction of the entry money from her to £12 10s., the rc-.irniiigomeiit at the Bt likes, and the met that, for the first time, there is no deduction for expenses There are very low nominations loft, and as the hat closes at 3 p. m. to morrow it may be anticipated that the full complement of di will be obtained with no trouble. The near approach of the meeting can hardly be realism compared with previous years, when for weeks previously there has been betting The first movement in this way will be on Tuesday night, when the hat will be handed over at the Mitre Tavern. The running takes place on Wednesday), Thursday), and Friday), in next week. 'The secretary of the Victoria Coursing Club wishes it made known that payment of the license too it is for bookmakers admits to the ground during the season : also to the draw and calling over of the Waterloo Cup card during during the week. Our Sale correspondent writes :-?" The two well-known local grey) hounds, Phobe, b) Monaoon-Medeu, und Black Douglas, b) Kebullion-Elsu, are certain competitors, bur accident, fertile Waterloo Cup. They were respectively winner and runner-up for last season's Gippsland Champion Stakes." Holiday excursion fares will be issued at all stations, by all through traffic, on Monday and Tuesday, the 11th and 12th List, for the convenience of visitors to the Waterloo Cup meeting. The tickets are available for return up to Monday, the 18th Inst The date of the Goodwood Cup meeting at the Moonee Valley Plumpton has been put back to the 27th Inst and two following days. The principal stake is for lil all ages, at 0 sol's, each, with 100 sovs. added by the proprietor, and a trophy), value 2.1 sovs., by another gentleman There is also a St Leger, for 3. puppies, at 5 sovs. each, with 30 Sovs. added The following coursing meetings take place in the country this week North western Club Alan) borough, to day , Northern Club, Be heater 'Tuesday) and Wednesday, Strath fieldsaye Club, thursday , Berrybank Club, I am i> and Saturday) The North Gippsland Coursing Club Champion Stakes meeting has been postponed from the 20th to the 28th inst, entries closing on the land The Mirriwinni Coursing Club will hold a meeting, at insulator- on the 12th Inst, when a I live for an unlimited number of all ages will be run for the celebrated Irish stud greyhound Alter a illida), one of the best performers ot in a lean times, died in May from enlargement of the spleen He was by I united Free i rude Hie entr) hat closes on Saturday first for the Victorian Club billiard tournament The handicaps will be announced by Mr Byrne on the 14th and play commences on the little that, the un) after settling for the Grand National meeting The first prize is a solid silver trophy, weighing 1429., and valued at £100. with other prizes in proportion The annual meeting of the Melbourne Gun Club takes place to-morrow at Scott's Hotel, when the report and balance sheet will be submitted for adoption During the year the large number of 25 OfiS pigeons were purchased, at a estol 11,71)7 4s 10d The Melbourne Cup Handicap in connectionwith the Melbourne Gun Club will find your be on a scale never yet attempted in Australia. The first prize will be 000. sovA. and there will be other prizes in proportion The entry is to be above and the acceptance the BHiue The affair will take place the day after the Melbourne Cup is run for 