THE CRADOCK GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I see by the columns of your paper that we have to deal with two more such as Shegog, namely, Evans and Jones, who, like Shegog, after they had seen the child could tell me nothing that night nor next morning what they thought of it, at least, not to my face like men would do. Quite true my child was bedded on a pug floor, if Mr. Evans wishes to call it so, or rather on a natural ground floor, for since the walls were built there was never a floor put in, nor was the room finished or furnished, and therefore only used for sundries; and as Mr. Bodeghiero has only two small dwelling rooms besides the two pug- floored at the back we bad to make use of one of those, for the family only had a few days' notice of our coming when they took my two children and myself in and had little time to prepare anything. 1 never heard of the taffey-sticks mentioned until it was published, but very likely Messrs. Evans and Jones are fond of lollypops and think the child must be the same. Nor can I say that it is the spirit of the child's mother that troubles her, but am juBt as sure that it iB something awful that overcomes her. I am a poor man and oannot do as 1 wish this moment, but as soon as circum stances will allow 1 will take a step which I trust will prove that it is not a fraud nor tiickery. I do not intend to take her to the like of Evans or Jones, but to gentlemen who I hope will have understanding, and then I will see what I can do. It seemed strange, very Btrange, to those two that the child should drop into a deep slumber in one minute and a half, but I think that any man with common sense could see that such a slumber is not a natural one, and my opinion is that some power overtakes her and at that moment Bhe drops into a kind of traDce, and shortly after this she begins to woik in tits, and because the child would not keep still for these two to open her eye whilstia that state, or to be stifled by a strong ammonia bottle, with which JoneB had teased her night after night, or a few such foolish trials, the child must be awake or shamming asleep. I ear nestly wish that some may be good enough to hold an ammonia bottle as strong as the one which JoneB possesses under nis and Evans's noses, and see how long they stand it without turning away. Most likely they -will cover their heads if applied night after night What seems most striking is that after EvanB had left Blackrock Jones still came to see if he could find out anything more about the child. He had on several occasions asked me to leave her at his resi dence for a night. 1 refused to do, as, so far, I consider he had done nothing but what 1 think foolery to find out anything. He told me that he thought the child was shamming, but he may see something which would con vince him that he wae wrong. And yet at that time that man had signed his name to a statement which says it is a clear fraud, and still by his words there was nothing certain about it. Your correspondent said that the night when the child waB slung in a ham mock there were no rapB, but he knows well that the knocking does not come every night and not at tbe same hours. This mystery has nothing to do in connection with the four pigs standing on their heads or conductor either, and over which I wonder how the public could he made to believe such. I amoDg many do not. Should the public have made a mistake, perhaps it was K. Evans sineinet and not the nius. I am. Sir, &c.;, A. SCHULTZE, June 14. The father of the little girl, 