ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. MR. PULSFORD AND MR. JACOB. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) Silt,-Mr. Pulsford, in his reply to my facts, commences his by insulting epithets under cover, which I purpose to avoid, only remarking that no editorial " addenda" is attached to his vulgar, per- verted facts-"'The public can unravel this mystery." He states that he is " honored by my polite attention." Why this inuendo ? Why not reply to ray letter as a free trade advocate? I consider I am as good a man as lie ; and oven Mr. Gladstone nor John Bright are above my soariag. Let me tell Mr. P. that I know as much about either of the two as he knows about Alsace or Lor- raine ; and that Mr. John Bright, the grand free trade champion, is like all free traders-adopts protective principles when it suits him. Mr. Bright has thousands of pounds invested in the establish- ment of factories and workshops in the protected countries of Europe and America, whence he, with others, swamps his own and this country with foreign-made goods to the detriment of his own and our starving poor ; thus he, like all free traders, " runs with the hare and holds with the hounds." Mr. Burns and other free trade apostles in High street, West Maitland, who own shares in the Hunter River Steam Co., subsidise a Melbourne Co. to the tune of one thousand a year to keep away from the Hunter trade : this ¡B either protec- tion with a vengeance, or else it is self-preservation, which I imagine is the first law of riatuie. Mr. Pulsford prefers using his own expression in regard to my statement in my letter, rather than use my own very words, " He is not isolated in this gift." He states that " Mr. J. is brave enough to say that when England tried to force her fish into Ostend, that she in return sent fish to England, but had to pay duty." He then sarcastically insinuates that this is a courageous " lie" of mine, and that 'Aljie could not hope to contend with me on such lines." Mr. Pulsford, I never said any such thing; refer to my letter of the 8th October. I asked the public to read an article in the Maitland Mercury, headed " Fishing Riots in Ostend," and took an extract from that article verbatim. This was not my statement, as Mr. P. wishes, in his would-be logical way with the public, to believe. How do you like tnis, Mt. jraia ¡secretary e j. Knew nothing about it as a positive fact, but read it as other little ghost stories in our several pub- lications. Mr. P. tries to explain away his childish questions about Alsace and Lorraine, but like all his fraternity, he makes " confusion moro confounded." I can tell Mr. P., that if I owned a grass paddock I would naturally run my own cattle in it, aud would not allow my neigh- bours to eat up all my grass ; but should I sell that paddock to Mr. Pulsford I would naturally expect he would graze his own cattle there and keep mine out. This is my humble way of simplifying facts, as I am conscious of my surroundings, and have no mystic letters attached to my name, I may appear wanting in business polish. Mr. P. states there are "other qualities- -which will readily suggest themselves to the readers of the Mercury-in which he (that is R. J.) may be slightly deficient." If so, why not point them out ? I thought, perhaps, Mr. P. may have sarcastically referred to the frectrade policy of England upon which I elaborated, but the truth is Mr. Pulsford has had enough, and I, as a friend, advise him to throw off his cloak of obtaining money under false pretences by being a paid secretary for a Society of which he knows nothing about. I have an opening for him here in this freetrade country where all is, to his idea, bright and pros- perous : I have a large potatoe field requires hoeing, I will give him the current wages under a glorious freetrade policy : 2s Cd per day and common J. rations, to work from twelve to fourteen hours under a tropical climate. I think this ought to convince both ho and other freetraders how effec- tually their policy acts to keep down wages. Ho may well conclude that ho has not time to discuss protective topics" No, he has not : all his time is taken up in hoodwinking the gullible freetraders, so a3 to keep his snug situation as long as possible. And now one word of advice : if you have anything to say about your superiors, say it out like a man, and do not clonk yourself under sarcastic ex- pressions, inuendos, and such like, for I am ready for you as long as you please, even »hould you think vou are the créât * ' I am." ROBERT JACOB, a thorough Protectionist. West Maitland. 