With the Premier. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, April 30. Until the delegates are fairly on their travels again they will have to bear the burden which the hospitable English people have put on their shoulders as they best can. How the "lissom Vivians " and " faultily faultless" Mauds carry it through season after Beason, and look bright and chirpy withal, is a mystery only a woman oould fathom. "At homes" are voi-y fashionable affairs—you drivo up at about 10.30 p.m., and wait in the dim street say twenty minutes; then your turn comes, and crossing the narrow and often muddy pavement you find yourself in the hall; like Sisyphus, you climb the great hill commonly called a stair, and, unlike him, mira culously find yourself at the top breath less nnd pertirbed by tho din of talk and tho tantalising rustle of silk and satin. Your name iB shouted somewhere, and moving in the direction of tlio sound you find your hand grasped by some one wearing tho pet smile of an automaton. It is over, and if you are luoky yon insinuate yourself through the crush of picturesque humanity, and find th-j meim pavement again in about ha!f-au hour. Throe of these und a dinner wo con- sidered a good evening's work. Last Satur day Lord Onslow entertained the delegates and their wives in a more sensible fashion. A speoial train conveyed them to his residence at Oleudon Park, near Guilford, where they arrived at 1 o'olook. After seeing all the goodliness of his house—his relics, pictures, and old china—they sat down to luncheon in the hall; then they drove " through the bright spring weather" to the celebrated old house Loseley, the residence of Mr. Molyneux, and saw the bedrooms of James I. and Elizabeth, the tapestries, the pictures, and the hand writing of the nine days' queen. It was the most Australian (i.e., common - sense and natural) way of spending a beautiful afternoon, and the oompany heartily appreciated it. In the evening tne Order of St. Michael and St. George held a convention and dinner in celebra tion of the Queen's Jubilee { the 23rd April, St. George's Day, beingtheanniversary of the Order. The convention consisted merely of the pre sentation of the members of the several classes in order of their seniority on the register to the Duke of Cambridge, Grand Master, and the Prinoe of Wales. The proceedings took place in St. James's Palace, kindly lent for the pur pose by the Queen, and about 140 members were present. At dinner the toasts were the Queen, the Order, and the Grand Master. The Duke proposed the toast of the Order" and the Prinoe responded. The Prinoe proposed the toast of the Grand Master, and the Duke re sponded. So you see the Royal personages had the. talking all to themselves. Sir Samuel has also been tho guest of the Master of Lincoln's Inn, of the Fair Trade League, and of Sir James Garriok, and on Tuesday afternoon attended the levee held in St. James's Palace, at whioh all the representatives were presented to the Prinoe of Wales by the Seo retary of State. The banquet given yesterday evening by the Fair Trade League to the delegates and the Royal Commission on the Depression of Trade and Industry was hold at the B •' Metropole, and over 200 gentlemen wero present. The chairman, Mr. F. Cunliffe Lister, in proposing the health of " Our Colonial Visitors," re gretted that the subject of commercial federa tion had been excluded from the list of topics submitted for discussion at the conference, aud Btated it as his opinion that the only reason for so doing was that all statesmen were afraid of touching on the question. Sir S. W. Griffith, i_ response, corrected the chair man by saying that at its next sitting the conference proposed to consider how far it might be possible to give special trade advan tages to the members of the British Empire as against foreigners, and if no immediate result accrued from their deliberations, at any rate this very important matter would be brought into the field of praotioal politics. Looking at free- trade in a perfectly open manner and un trammelled by tradition, it occurred to Aus tralians that it was not an end in itself, but a means to a great end. The suooess of any fiscal system depended upon its managers having clearly in their mind what their aim was, and was the aim of England's free-trade polioy universal philanthropy P He did not think there would ever be t Zollverein in the British possessions. It was quite impracticable, and he did not think it was de sirable, for bo many of the colonies depended on their Customs' tariff for their revenue. But he held that when suoh a tariff was oonsidered desirable it ought to be higher for foreigners than for their own kith and kin; and he doubted not that before long that principle would be regarded as so axiomatio a truth that people would wonder it had ever been ignored. In Australia another fact showed the inap plicability of tho doctrine of universal philan thropy to practical politics. If the one ond of man were to buy in the cheapest market, then he ought to procure the cheapest labour, and out thore that meant competition with Chinese labour. Their own people, aocustomed to a certain degree of comfort and civilisation, were unable to compete in labour with Chinese, who were less civilised, and whose wages could nt t maintain a higher condition of life. This was another element in the great question of free trado. In America the people did not intend to substitute Chinese civilisation for their own, nor did the colonists of Australia. Sir R. Wisdom and Mr. Dodds also re sponded in terms of Free- traders; and Sir Graham Berry made a strong protection speeoh which was muoh appreciated. Sir Samuel has accepted the invitation of the Secretary of State for the Colonies to meet the Prince of Wales at dinner to-night. The Colonial Conferenoe has held its sittings daily during the week, from 11 iv the morning till about 4 p.m., and it iB understood that a definite settlement of several questions has been arrived at, notably those of Australasian Navy defences, and the assumption of sovereignty in British New Guinea. As re gards the former, the principle of Admiral Tryon's proposals to the Governments of New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland, at a meeting of Premiers held in Sydney last year, has been adhered to, with some minor altera tions of detail distinctly on the side of the oolonies. It will be remembered that Victoria was unwilling to agree to the terms of con tributions, and that. New Zealand would not join in a plan "of genoval navy de fenco unless, in consideration of her isolated position, at least two armed cruisers were sta tioned on her shores. After full discussion, however, the scruples of both colonies havo eithor beon overruled or abandoned. With respect to New Guinea the Imperial Govorn meut, after hearing the facts from men competent to state them, have come to think that a Government can be maintained there for the annual sum of £15,000, nnd upon the colonies guaranteeing that amount for a fixed term of years, sovereignty will be proclaimed. The proposals mado by Sir 8. W. Griffith last year, which after long delay met with a substantial rejection by the Imperial Go vernment, havo beeu adopted in loto; accordingly tho colony of Queensland will be asked to uudertake tho obliarution oE defraying tho necessary co«t of admiuistra t:."n for n fixed term, on b<4nlf of th<? otli».-r (-■•l'-Jii;:.-* i 7»t■-re(-tort. A bill to givo ctfoc.t to thuo proposals will probably bo introduced early in our next session. As to the appoint ment of an administrator, no names of probable candidates have yet transpired. The formal proceedings of the conferenoe as far as we have been able to gather have been as follow:— Friday, April 22.—The question of land defence was resumed, with especial reference to Bang George's Sound and Torres Straits. As there had been some discussion upon the relative importance of these ports as coaling stations for the Imperial navy, Sir E. Stanhope S,ve a detailed aooount of the work at had been done, and still remained to be done-, in respect of the defence of coaling sta tions throughout the Empire, specifying the works and armaments, and the proportion of expenditure borne by the home and oolonial Governments respectively. The final proposal of the Government with respect to these two ports was to the effeot that after an initial con tribution their defence should be a matter for contribution among the oolonies themselves, whioh seems a sensible arrangement, consider ing it has been always understood that the oost of land defences should be mainly borne hythe oolonies themselves. The Secretary for War, and Lord Harris, Under Seoretary; Lieutenant- General Nioholson, Inspector - General of Fortifications; and firigadier- General Alderson, Director of Artillery and Stores; together with Lord Onslow and gentlemen invited to represent Hongkong, Straits Settlements, Gibraltar, Cyprus, Lagos, Jamaica, and Trinidad, were present during the disoussion. Monday, April 25.—Resumed disoussion on the subj eot of Australasian naval defence. The delegates stated that after communication with their Governments they were authorised to aooept the proposals of the Imperial Govern ment. Tuesday, April 26. —A full and no doubt animated discussion took plaoe on the present position of affairs in the New Hebrides, with speoial reference to the recent aotion of Franoe in the faoe of her treaty with Great Britain to preserve the neutrality of the group. The kindred subject of the deportation of reoidi vistes to the Pacific was also entered into very fully, and the delegates expostulated strongly against a continuance of this practice so dangerous to the welfare of her Majesty's dominions in that part of the globe. The question of Samoa, and the approaching negotiations between Great Britain, Germany, and the United States, at Washington, was also debated. Lord Salisbury made a full statement of the views and aotion of the Govern ment with respect to the New Hebrides and the r6oidiviste question. Sir Julian Paunoefote, Permanent Under Seoretary; Sir James Fer guson, Parliamentary Under Secretary; with Lord Onslow and Captain Clarke, R.E., also attended. Wednesday, April 27.—Resumed disoussion on telegraphic and postal subjects. A great portion of the time was occupied by hearing the views of Mr. Pender, of the Eastern Tele graph Company, and Mr. H. Finch-Hatton, chairman of the Pacific Telegraph Company, upon the subject of cable communication. The latter gentleman and Mr. R. 0. Want were deputed by the oompany formed for the laying of a cable between Australia and Great Britain vid Canada to attend, and if called upon lay the information they possessed before tne con ferenoe. Mr. R. K. Gray also attended on behalf of the Indiarubber, Gutta-percha, and Telegraph Works Company. The Postmaster- General, and three officers of hisdepartment, and Lord Onslow were also present. In the after noon Lord Onslow presided, and Mr. Henniker Heaton was examined as to his soheme for an Imperial penny postage, which is generally re garded as impracticable here. Thursday, April 28.—The proposals of the Imperial Government with regard to New Guinea, and Sir S. W. Griffith's soheme of government were fully oonsidered and agreed to after certain non-contentious amendments. It is a ourious coincidence that on this very day last year the Premiers of New South Wales, Viotoria, and Queensland had met in Sydney and agreed upon the common oourse of aotion in reference to this matter whioh led to the proposals now finally agreed to. After luncheon the subject of the New Hebrides was resumed. The Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs and Lord Onslow were present. Friday, April 29.—The conference met in the Foreign Office to consider the questions of merchandise marks and sugar bounties. A general disoussion followed on trade questions, Sir Samuel Griffith urging the desirableness of the countries forming part of the Empire affording to each other commercial concessions and advantages greater than those whioh are granted to other States. The President and other members of the Board of Trade were present. LoitDOH, May 6. Lady Griffith, I am happy to say, was so far recovered from her severe, oold as to be able to visit Scotland on Saturday last. Sir Samuel accompanied her, and the two or three days at their disposal were most profitably spent at Stirling and Edinburgh, where, curiously enough, the clear sky and sunlight deniod to England have prevailed for a month past. There is perhaps no railway journey moro full of real enjoyment than the one you take from Newcastle-on-Tyne to Edinburgh on a bright spring day. To your right lies the German Ocean, quiet and solitary save for the infrequent gleaming of the sails of some brig on the horizon; and to your left stretch the sheep walks and pastures of Northumberland and thu Lowlands. Late in the afternoon yon come to Berwick, a quaint town of red bnok, built on a little bay quite near the 'sea, and at nightfall espy the port of Leith and Arthur's Seat, behind which you know lies the most lovely city in the world. For the modern Athens, apart from its fascinating story and it literary renown, might for its beauty alone claim the affection of mankind. But it is not for us, neither born nor bred there, and having no drop of Scotch blood in us, to praise the city that all true Scots love next to home and kiudred. On Monday the conference met again, and resu:aetl tho discussion of Australasian land de fence, more particularly Li ro^rard to Kiug Uuorge's Sound aud Torres Straits, Mr. Robinson, of Natal, also made a statement as to the defence of that oolony. Brigadier- General H. J. Alderson, R.A., Director of Artillery and Stores; Captain W. H. Hall, head of the Intelligence Department of the Navy; and Captain Clarke, R!e., were present, and gave their assistance to the Government in this very important matter. The afternoon was occupied m further discussing the subject of oolonial judgments and bankruptcy proceed ings. Representatives of the Board of Trade and Messrs. F. F. Piggott, barrister-at- law; 0\. P. tlbert, Assistant Parliamentary Counsel: and _\ Gohde Williams, Puisne.Judge of Mauritius, were present. On Wednesday. Sir S. W. Griffith and Mr. J. Hofmeyr, of the Cape, opened the debate upon the question of the desirableness of the mother country and the oolonies affording to eaoh other greater facilities for trade than were afforded to other countries. After a lengthy disoussion, the consensus of opinion would seem to have been distinctly in favour of Sir Samuel's views. On Wednesday the delegates proceeded to Windsor Castle for the purpose of paying their duty to the Queen, and presenting her with Jidresses on the occasion of her attaining the übilee year of her feign. Her Majesty reoeived them one by one in the presence of Prinoe and Prinoess Henry of Battenberg, the Duchess of Athole, and Sir Henry Holland. The address presented by Sir Samuel Griffith was as follows :— "Most Gracious Sovereign,—On behalf of the Government and people of your Majesty's oolony of Queensland we beg to offer their most dutiful congratulations on the approach ing completion of the fiftieth year of your Majesty's most happy and prosperous reign. Your Majesty's subjects whose message we bear desire to renew the assurances of their devotion to your Majesty's throne and person. We confidently hope and believe that the de liberations of the representatives of your Ma jesty's distant possessions now assembled at your Majesty's command may tend to the strengthening of the bonds which unite your Majesty's subjects throughout the world, and they pray that your Majesty may be blessed with a long continuance of life and happiness, and may witness an ever-advanoing prosperity •of the wide dominions whioh enjoy your Ma jesty's gracious and beneficent sway." Some of the addresses presented were most gorgeous things. The Cape enclosed theirs in a oase studded with opals and diamonds and pearls. Natal sent one in a casket of solid gold. The address from India is precious with ropes of great pearls, and all the barbaric splendour of the East. If ever the royal family become really hard up, they might make a decent sum of such things as these at publio auction, after the example of the little German potentates. The delegates, after the addresses had been S resented, partook of luncheon in the great ining-room, and returned to town about 5 o'olook. The people of England mast be very tired of this Jubilee by now. Of oourse, as usual, the shopkeepers have taken advantage of the name to flood every "line" with Jubilee rubbish. The number of infamous portraits and busts of Viotoria traded off to simple-minded rural corporations is appalling. Suoh is man's fate, that every garment, seen and unseen, he wears is indelibly labelled " Jubilee." How one is to E reserve one's identity in the faoe of the shop eepers' universal joke is a matter for deep and anxious consideration. Bnt the worst of it is that the mere mention of the word has become a source of uneasiness, for it is always as sociated with the giving of money to some thing. " Oh," sighed a man the other day, "the only thought that sustains me in the midst of this unreasonable almsgiving is that the Queen oan never have another jubilee and it is ten chances to one against Albert Edward." The most noteworthy events of social life during the past week nave been the private view of the Royal Academy on Friday last and the Lord Mayor's dinner to the delegates on Wednesday evening. Sir Samuel and Lady Griffith had the honeur of being present at both. The Academy is well worth a lengthy visit this year as nearly all the famous artists have sent something. The Lord Mayor's banquet was, as usual, one of the brilliant successes of the London season. They give him a big salary, but he is expected to exceed that amount in entertaining by about £10,000; year after year some city Srince enters the shambles and the great sacri oe to the Goddess of Pleasure goes on per petually. The speech of the evening was made by Sir Henry Holland in responding to the toast of "The Oolonial Conference," with whom the names of Sir A. Campbell, of Canada, and Mr. Deakin, of Viotoria (the oldest and youngestmember), had been coupled. He said:— "Mj- Lord Mayor, ladies, and gentlemen,—l am right glad that you have coupled with my name the names of two delegates to this con ference, because, although I am proud—and wish always to be proud—of having presided over this assembly of eminent men, statesmen of Greater Britain, yet the success of the con ference—and I believe in that success—is due not to any efforts that I have made, but to the tact, intelligence, loyalty, and business-like way in which the colonial delegates have done their work. We had no rules of procedure, no cloture, no half-past 12 rule; but then, on the other hand, we had no blocking nor obstruc tion. We had full and frank discussion, which brought out all the details and salient points of every question, but I will venture to say, looking back upon the conference and its meetings, I cannot remember when one un necessary word was spoken, except by the president. I have Boid that I believe this con ference to havo been successful, and I think it has been successful whether we look at the actual work done, tho practical outcome of tho conference, or whether we look at it in the light of moro general results. As to the actual work done, great secrecy has b«en maintained, marvellous secrecy I should think, considering tho way in which the Prtss get hold of every thing nowadays. But we have arrived at im portant decisions upon questions affect- iiff materially the u_ity tit the Em- Spe% <t_d other questions tending iii the. salme mraotioa have been very fully ducusseij' so mo)} we may hope soon to arrive at satisfactory asetslo-S upon them. The conduct of her JUfesty's Government has been very freely dis afesfed and criticised; but I _t_ happy and __*_*l to say that in the main, after* afi these Sftliii-iiiii and comments, a loyal approval has MSB given to the conduct and aotion of her Majesty's Government. As to the wider and am general results of the oonferenoe, I think Hia m good thing to have brought the be*-* of _ft principal departments—my friend Mr. Mmcips, Lord George Hamilton, Lord Stanley _S_T__r2 v ' ■***■*• -Haikes, and others—faoe to 9m with the leading men from all parts of the •!#•. And it is a e>ood thing also that t_seeleedi_g men should meet the eh_ne_t •tstesmsn of this oountry. and should learn ttair views and by what principles her Majesty's Government are actuated in the pro ceedings they have taken. In regard to any great oolonial question, there used to be an im pression (I hope it has been tolerably well dis pelled by this time) that the Secretary of State tot the Colonies was a kind of Downi_g«etreet de-ton placed in offioe on purpose to thwart all the wishes arid aspirations of the oolonies; Well; on closer examination—ahd there has been a very olose examination this year—the Downing-street demon has turned bdt to' be like other ghosts and bogies—a ve-*ycomi_oh creature of flesh and blood. Speaking for myself, so long as I hold that offioe I earnestly trust that the oolonial Governments will believe that they have one who thoroughly and heartily sympathises with their wishes, one who is heartily desirous, as far as possible, to meet those wishes arid aspirations consistently with the Imperial interests. And let me say this, that to that limitation there has been on the part of the oolonial delegates a most hearty and loyal adherence. They have recognised that they are fellow sub £-ta with ns of her Majesty, and that oertain oases the main interests of the Empire most be looked to. I should like also to observe that I think a further good has arisen from wis oonferenoe, and that is, that not only have the delegates been brought into touoh with the statesmen of this oountry, but they have been brought into touoh with eaoh other. Austral asia, South Africa, Canada, Newfoundland, have ah met round a table and have inter changed their views. We have heard a good deal lately about a round table; bat I may claim that the discussions at the oonferenoe table have led to material results which I am m>t prepared to attribute to the discussions at the round table. There has been a free inter change of feelings, and a full and frank discus sion whioh mast lead to good; and I will con clude by saying that it has been a pride and a •QtM* of pleasure to me to have oontributed, Mflpttor humbly, to the first oonferenoe in the l-Afla* year of her Majesty." _. Tarterday the delegates, at the invitation of ••Postmaster-General, proceeded to Wool gyawith a view of inspecting the Government TOagraph Depot. After seeing the very in taNM-g experiments whioh were carried oat fNrjtoir information, they went aboard the Magraph ship Monarch for a trip down the ri*ftsir as far as Greenwich. Luncheon was ■tTfJtd on board, and a few toasts given, Mr. WNi P.M.G., proposing that of the " Colo ■WßspresentativeV' and Sir James Lorimer, Of Vtotoria, responding on their behalf. _ paring the week Sir Samuel and Lady Grif wk\ have also aooepted invitations from Lord Dwawven and Mrs. Charles Buxton to dinner, #MM~e attended Lord Rosebery's "athome." 