_-___-___--_--__-_--_^--__-.-__-_______ THE KING'S SCHOOL CHAPEL. , I -^_ Osama Bin Ladin \- . LADY CARRINGTON. The foundation stone of the King's Scheol Chapel, Par- ramatta, was laid by tho Hon. Lady Carrington yesterday afternoon, in the presence of a largo and distinguished assemblage. At the conclusion of what was a very pleasing ceremony, a presentation, consisting of a purse of over 400 sovereigns, an oil-painting of himself, und two handsomely illuminated addresses, was made by the "old boys" of the ?ohool to the late headmaster, the Rev. G. F. M'Arthur, who, being unable to be present, was represented by the Venerable Archdeacon Gunther. In addition to the foregoing, tho school prizes were dutributed to the successful pupils by his Excellency Lord Carrington. The proceedings, which commenced shortly after 3 p.m., did not terminate until about 6 o'clock. Lord and Lady Carrington, attended by Mr. Cunliffe, A.D.C., left Sydney for Parramatta by special train at half-past 2 o'clock. In addition to the vice- regal party, a large number of visitors also proceeded up the line to the pleasantly situated old township in order to witness the, various ceremonies of the afternoon. Arrived at Parramatta, tho Governor, Lady Carrington, the Primate, and others wero driven direct to the King's School, where they wore received by the present head- master, Mr. A. St. John Gray, and a number of gentlemen connected with the institution. After a short interval the visitors assembled in front of a temporary structuro which had'been covered with evergreens and decorated with flags, and immediately in ftont of which the foundation-stono was'suspended. Amongst those who occupied scats on tho platform, in addition to Lerd and Lady Carrington and the Primate, were Lady Martin, Sir George and Lady Innes. Mrs. Riley (Mayoress of Sydncyl, the Venerable Archdeacon King, the Venerable Archdeacon Günther, Rev. Canon Kemmis, Rev. S. H. Childe, M. A. ; Rev. Dr. "Woolli, Rev. Dr. Corlette, Dr. W. Brown, Dr. Wood- ward, Dr.- Jenkins, Menari. Frank Farnell, M.L.A., J. Diumoro Delaney, E. Rioe, and J. G. Ambridge. The King's School Cadet Corps was drawn up in line on the right of the vico-regal party. , The service was commenced with prayer, offered by the Primate, after which the 84th Psalm was sung. The Ven. Archdeacon King then read the lesson, which was taken Irom the 1st Corinthians iii., 9. The Rev. Dr. Cor- lette, secretary to the King's School council, read the in- j ecription on a scroll, which was then placed in the cavity, after which Lady Carrington, who bad been presented with a handsome silver trowel and a mallet, laid the stone in tho usual manner, the following words being used:-"In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay the foundation-stone of the chapel of this school, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Amen. All present then joined in tho hymn commencing, " O ! Lord of Hosts, whoso glory fills the bounds of the eternal hills." The Primate then delivered a brief address, basing his observations upon a portion of the 6th verse of tho 12th chapter of the Epistle to the Romans, " One body in Christ." He said that to be one body was the idoal of human society-every member free for its own function, and yet all animated by one life-blood, and directed by one brain. There were various ties that knit us together, ties that were cemented by mutual need and love, and the ideal humanity was that we should bo ono body, and each of us free members. The ideal Christianity was to be one body in Jesus Christ ; or, to put it more closely still, one body through Christ by the life that is hidden in God. Our unity was the brotherhood under the one Father, a common work under the one Lord, the thrill of sympathy through the one spirit, and therefore to the idea of humanity we added those words " in Christ," because we believed that in these words alone the idea would be truly realised. This was true of all the great relations of life, and it was time in the life of a nation. In spite of all that might seem to mar it, the real free unity of a great people was in a common Christianity. It was true just as emphatically of all in tho Church of Christ in »11 its various gradations- ona body, a body in a free spiritual unity, T>ccau»e one body in Christ. But to-day thoy applied that truth to the society under the shadow ef which thoy were gathered together. " Ono body in Christ " was the very ideal of a Christian school. Always bud this been tho motto of the old English schools. When the foundation of this school was laid, it was laid with the desire to como near the spirit of tho glorious schools on tho other sida of the world. This idea of the Christian school was brought out emphatically by tho school teaching. Already the common life of this place was sustained by com- mon worship, and now they desired that that common worship should be rightly housed in the chapel the founda- tion-stono of which had just boen laid. In the great revival of school life, dating from the time of Dr. Arnold at Rugby, the school chapel had always beon the very pivot of life in the school. School sermons fram time immemorial had had their value, but he (tho Primate) valued far moro tho common worship o£ the schnei, and the kneeling to- gether before tho Communion of the Holy Table. After alluding to the changes which are taking place abroad in the world, and referring to the benofits accruing from a sound religious education, the speaker said that the ceremony in which they were taking part had its lessons for many of them. It spoke to the members of their own Church of England, and told them that there was no sacrifice too great for them to mako in order to secure the proper re- ligious education of the youth of the country ; it spoke to those who were old boys of the school, and asked from them the support of a hearty loyalty, sympathy and help ; and to the boys of the school ho would say, that it told them to grow up-not in ono part enly but in all the parts of their nature He would be a man and a gentle- man just in proportion as he completed the education of the playground and the schoolroom by that his-her educa- tion which would go on within theso walls. In conclusion, he prayed God's blessing upon the work thoy were doing, and hoped that the Behool would continue to train up those who would do good service for Him in tho future. . A collection was then made, and a substantial sum was realised. The proceedings in connection with the laying of the foundation stono terminated shortly afterwards. The school-chnpel is to be built upon a pretty site within the school grounds. The building is dosignod with a combined nave and chancel, having internal dimensions " as follows .-63ft. in length, 23ft. in width, 16ft. high to tho wall plate, and 29ft. high to the ridgo piece. On the north side, immediately behind the choir, is placed a small organ chapel (or bay) 9ft. x 7ft. 9in. The vestry is 13ft. 6in. x 10ft. 9in. Ithas an octagonal front, and is together with the porch placed on the south sido of the chapel. Seating accommodation will be provided for 142 perBons. It is not intended to erect the west gable in the present contract, as it is probable that an extra bay of about 10ft. will be added to the length so as to accommodate an expected increase in the number of scholars. The roof over the nave will for the present be open timbered, supported by five rather elaborate principal rafters. Both externally and in- ternally the building is to bo built of, and finishod with, selected stone from tho local quarries of Messrs. Pye and Whiting, and is designed by the architects in a stylo thov believe lo be entirely new to the colonies, and although many points aro picked out and enriched, yet on the whole the composition is an economical one. 'The glass in tho windows, which it is hoped will bo filled with stained-glass subject-work by past and present beys, is set back deeply in tho walls from the sun. a method suitable to our climate, and at the same time enriching the effect. The architects intend to present the chapel with an altar piece in keeping with and worthy of what thev hope will prove to be a little gem of a building. The architects «ro Messrs. Lowotsh and Moorhouse, of Sydney and Mel- bourne, and tho contractor Mr. Noller, of Parramatta, tho contract price, not, inoluding the seating, being £1775. Subsequently the vico-regal party and the visitors assem- bled in the schoolball, where an address was delivered by the headmaster. The chair was occupied by his Excellency the Governor, who was supported by the Primate, Sir George Innes, Yen. Archdeacon Gun thor, and the Rev. R. E. Kemp. Mr. A. St. Johx Gray, headmaster of tho school, said : My Lord Bishop, your Excellency, Ladies and Gentlemen,-Before I proceed to the few remarks for whioh I have to crave your kind indulgence, I have a pleasant and welcome task to perform ; that task is, in the name of tho King's School, council, master, and boys, to bid wel- come to his Excellency the Governor and to Lady Carring- ton, and to convey to them our sincere thanks for coming to the school to-day, and at the asms time our deep seneo of the great hoaaur thus conferred upon us. Wo know that it is your Excellency's genuine desire to foster and encourage all the institutions of this country, public and private, which have for their objoot the improv- ing and refining of our common life; ana, further, your generouB sympathy with all the higher aspirations of every ono of those over whom you rule, and those alone, that have brought you here to- day. These, I say unhesitatingly, ' are tho qualities which we ia Australia, Englishmen in heart and thought and feoling, though separated from the dear old land by so many leagues of ocean, love to welcome in him who is to us the representative of our Queen. (Applause.) Therefore, while I assure you that you have in this school a body of subjects devoted to their Queen and; institution, and loyal heart and aoul to you, 1 bid you and1 your honoured lady welcome once again to this the oldest school in the country; and that you may not feel that,your labour has been in vain, I do assure you that your, pre- sence here to-day will be an incentive and encouragement i to us te make greater exertion in the future, so. that when you come amongst us again, as I hope you in_l find it in your power to do year by year, you may feel, and we may feel, that we are worthy of the great honour and privilege conferred upon us. (Applause.) And new, ladies and gentlemen, I desire to thank you also for having done what I asked you to do for me whey I was introduced to you for the first timej nearly l8 months ago. The school was then passing through a period of temporary depression. That depression has now, 1 am thankful to be able to tell you, passed away. I should not allude to thia at all; I would rather not ; but I feel that I mu»t do so in order to, explain my foelings towanis you. This return to a happier .tate of things has been brought about bv many co-operat- ing causes. In the first place» I have ha'd the support of what I consider a nearly Ideal council, presided over by the Primate, who have supported toe in everything, and inter- fered with me in nothing. (Laughter.) Of the Primate's exertion» in behalf of the sohool 1 need not apeak-they .re too well known-of his loving i counsel and wise advice always ready for me 1 would also rather not speak. Then, again, I have had the »uaport of a loyal and devoted ?ta_ of master», and of a set of boys than whom I never wish to have to deal with a better-(applause)-and, also, in that _err-*n__* jf »hoolmanagement, which I consider second to none in importance, In which I know all master» who «ra here to-day will agree with me, I hav» had. the nip. j^ injustice be it »aid. oí the indefatigable coal «nd devoted care'of Mrs. Gray. But all this, ladies and gentle- men, could have been of no avail had you 'not done what I asked you to do upon that occasion, which is still in my memory. 1 knew that the gift of your trust and confidence waa the one condition without which I could do nothing. and, total stranger to you ob I then was, I could not but feel some misgiving in asking you for it; for having given it to mo most freely and most generously I now desire to thank you. Of your treat- ment of us I can only say that it has gono far to allay the pain inseparable from the parting with many who are near and dear, somo of whom we can never meet again on this side of the grave, and that it has deepened and intensified in me tho desire with which I carno out to do something for this school and to aid the causo of truo education in this great and growing country. Our ambition is to have in the King's School a school which shall be an English Publia school in all but the name ; that is the goal towards which we are steadily setting our faces. Of our school-chapel the first essential and the distinguishing mark of a Public school-wo havo laid the foundation-stone to-day. In that ceremony I saw the fulfilment of my dearest wish for the school, and under tho blessing of Almighty God I trust and I know that it will be a powerful instrument for good in the future of this country. Though much remains to bo done before we intend to rest satisfied, somo substantial additions have boen made to tho school, and somo improve- ments effected during tho past year. We havo now a gymnasium larger, I believe, than any in tho colony-(ap- plause-and, also, a modol cottage hospital. Tho masters nave had now and moro comfortablo quarters assigned to them. Tho existing classrooms have been altered and improved, and a new one added. Wo havo also been undor tho pleasant necessity of enlarging the dormitory accommo- dation. Within tho school a library has been established, which is immensely populnr, and productive of very great good among the boys. (Hear, hear.) A Behool magazine has been instituted, to which I would ask all old boys who have not already done so to become subscribers. My next demands upon tho long-suffering council will bo for a physical laboratory, for a reading-room, an additional classroom, and for studies for somo of tho senior boys. Intellectually, I truBt the year has been one of progress. Much good work has, 1 know, been done in the school. Of the University examinations only the results of the senior havo as yet been published. Though tn some respects I was disappointed because all the boys who went np from the school did not pass, yet I feel that we have no reason to be discouraged, as I believe I am right in saying that in pro- portion to the numbers of the school as large a per centage passed from this as from any other school in the colony. (Applause.) Morally and spiritually, too, I trust that wo havo been progressing to- gether, progressing towards the realisation of that highest type of character which we long to see formed in every boy before ho leaves this school-the character of the Christian gentleman. (Applause.) You will all romember thoso words of the greatest of English schoolmasters, which some of us heard quoted upon a very solemn occa- sion-" The question is, not whether this school shall be one of a hundred, or of two hundred, or of threo hundred beys, but whether it shall be a school of Christian gcntlo mon." (Applause.) Thoso words I hope we shall never forget. And now, ladies and gentlemen, I will make no further tax upon your patience. I will only once again com- mit to your caro the fortunes of tho oid King's Sohool ; and in doing so, I look on to the futuro with confidence and hope. At the conclusion of his remarks Mr. Gray requested his Excellency the Governor to distribute the school prizes. Lord Carrington then presented the prizes, consisting of handsomoly-bound volumes, to the winners of the same. His Excollency shook hands with each boy as he stepped up to the platform to receive his reward. The prize- winners were loudly applaudod. Tho Primate proposed a vote of thanks to his Excel- lency the Governor and Lady Carrington tor their kindness in honouring the school with their presence that day. (Applause.) Sir Georgs Innks seconded. In the course of his re- marks, ho Baid that day was the anniversary of tho death of the great Nelson at the battle of Trafalgar, and urged tho boys present never to forget the memorablo Bignal which was flown from the masthead of the Victory " England expects every man to do his duty." In conclu- sion, he said he felt convinced that every King's Sohool boy would do his duty throughout his life. (Applause.) The resolution was carried by acclamation. Lord Carrington, in reply, thanked those present for this fresh mark of their goodwill ; and he did so all the moro heartily and sincerely because the name of Lady Carrington had been so kindly coupled with the resolution. (Applause.) Ho could assura them, in her name as well as in his own, that it had been a very great pleasure to bo there that afternoon amongst thoso whom ho hoped ho might call his young friends. (Hear, hear.) Ho con- gratulated thom upon the very flourishing state of tho school, and then proceeded to draw a com- parison between tho schools and colleges of to- day and similar institutions of bygone years. He also alluded to the fact thal last year ono of the senior wranglers at an English University wa3 a native-born Australian, and concluded bv wishing the boys every suc- cess in their future life. Lord Carrington then requested the headmaster to give himself and the school an extra week's holiday at tho termination of tho Christmas vaca- tion. (Great cheering.) Mr. Gray said it gave him much pleasure to accedo to tho Governor's roquost. Lord Carrington thanked the headmaster, in the namo of the school, for the concession, and called for cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Gray, which were heartily given. The Rev. E. Kbmp, M.A., then rose amid applause to read the addresses which were to be presented the Rev. G. F. Macarthur. In Mr. Macarthurs absence the Ven. Archdeacon Günther (who represented him) received the addresses and the purse containing over 400 sovereigns. Alter some introductory remarks, the rev. gentleman road tho first address, which was as follows: " To the Reverend George Fairfowl Macarthur, late head master of Macquarie fields School, Liverpool, and the King's School, Parramatta. Dear sir,-We, a number of your old boys, feel that we cannot allow you to retire from your scholastic duties without some expression on our part of the esteem and affection in which you are, nnd nave always been, held by us. It is many years since somo of us left your care and supervision, and most of us have had opportunities of testing in the battle of life those noble principles which ruled your conduct at Macquarie Fields and Parramatta, and so "shaped our own conduct in life, and we gratefully express our deep sonsa of indebtedness to you as our former principal, head niastor, and friend. We beg your acceptanco of the accompanying portrait of your- self (which we consider would be most appropriately placed in the upper schoolroom at the King's School, Parramatta), and also of the accompanying purse of sovereigns, as a tangible proof of our deep regard and affection towards yourself and Mrs. Macarthur. It now but remains for us to wish you and Mrs. Macarthur health and happiness in the rest you both have so deservedly earned. And we beg to subscribe ourselves, your grateful and affectionate old boys, signed, on behalf of the subscribers, Ed. P. Ramsay, LL.D. , J. Arthur Dowling, G. B. Forster, H. Blaxland, Edwd. T. Jenkins, J. A. Brodie, D. P. Dickson, Wm. Chisholm, J. Hargrave, P. Morton, Varney Parkes, R. K. TCpmn." The portrait of Mr. Macarthur was then unveiled, and as the " boys" obtained a glimpse of the face of their old friend and adviser, they gave vent to their feelings of glad surprise in an outburst of cheering. Mr. Kemp subse- quently read on address presented to Mr. Macarthur by a number of old pupils residing in the New England dis- trict. The Ven. Archdeacon Gunther read the follow- ing reply from the Rev. G. F. Macarthur:-"To my Dear ' Old Boys,' of Macquarie Fields, and the King's School. Comerang, Bodalla, Ootober, 1887. My Dear Friends,-Considerations of duty, and the remoteness of this place from Parramatta, make it impossible tor me to bo with you on the 21st instant, when you propose, in con- junction with the distribution of prizes, and laying the foundation of the new chapel, ' te present me with an ad- dress and testimonial, as on evidence of your love and esteom.' You will, I feel assured, under these circum- stances, extend to me once moro your kind consideration, by receiving and accepting these written words, in lieu of a personal acknowledgment of your invariable and exceeding go.dness to ne and my family. Na language at nay com- mand can adequately express those feelings which move nie as I read, and fondly dwell upon, the loving words you have addressed tome on mr retirement from the head mastership of'The King's School.' I thank God that, from first to last, 1 have been enabled to regard the work of education as being the most privileged and responsible duty which any man can be permitted to discharge. Yes, a glorioua and noble ' calling ' it is-to take part in educating and training the youth of one's nativo land-not merely in .eholarobip, but in those eternal principles of righteousness which, whilst they declaro and uphold the honour and glory of AJmighty God, by advancing His kingdom in the hearts of _i»n, inevitably promote ' the supreme good ' of our country. True, the work has many difficulties, and, at times, some cruel disappointments ; nevertheless, there is inseparably connected with it an ever-present sense of happiness,and joy, which, even though 'the voice of publio approval were never heard, brings with it its own -ore solace, and its abundant reward. Thankful and contented, I might well havereBted here; but, my dear old boys, you have not allowed it to be, so. Your warm and loyal hearts have, as it seems to me, fastened upon all the bright apota and the happy incidents of our past associations, for, generously forgetting or ignoring all its grievances, you have made me the honoured recipient of a tribute of affec- tion, the worth and import of which is to me and to my family preoious beyond expression. It is not the intrinsic value of your gifts-great as it is-which affects ms so, deeply ; it ia the fact that our dear old boys loved us, and, after years of separation, love us still. What shall 1 say ? What can I say? Only this-» I thank God, a»4 X thank you all from my very heart.' And now, as I cannot speak to you, allow me-even at the cost of being prolix to ada a few words ne to the disposition of your gifts. You -«rill be glad to know that your generous offering of so large a sum of money has materially assisted me in the purchase of« 'home' for those who aro so dear to us air. I felt that, by this appropriation of it, you would understand and realise my desiie to cherish the remembrance of you all in our home life and our bes. affections. Then, as to the portrait : that was to all my. family a great gratification and to mo a great honour. >',y fond hope is that, when in the future some of our young countrymen look upon it, and are told ' that is the portrait of one, who from being the youngest in the school, at ita foundation in 1832, after- wards, in the Provide-oeo of God, became its bead master,' they may recognise the fact that Australia is not unmind- ful or ungrateful ; hut will ever do honour to those of her eons who strive to do the!» duty. It ia, too, because I | hop» that portrait may stimulate and encourage some of ( o*r f«Uo w-couatryiaon. to .«vote their time and their talents to publie usefulness, and not fritter away their lives in ignoble pursuits and suicidal selfishness, that I esteem it to be so great un honour to be allowed a place amongst those ' worthies ' whoso portraits already adorn the walls of our dear old school. For Jfi-s. Macarthur : You may rest assured that her regard and lovo for you is as warm and true as ever. She, from her heart, thanks you for your goodness to us all, and unites with . me in the sincere prayer that Almighty God may ever bless vou. and hold vou safe in His own most holy keeping. -1 am, my dear old boys, vours gratefully and affectionately. Geo. F. Macarthur." This concluded the proceedings. 