The Pacific Question. Ever since the Australian colonies eveloped a foreign policy—for the S ast four years in fact—their several overnments have been more or less t issue with the Foreign and Colonial ffices of the Imperial Government he New Guinea question was the first to arise; next followed the matter French convict transportation to New Caledonia, and the ownership of the New Hebrides; and then came the still unsettled Samoan question. It was natural enough that British statesmen should regard the possession of a Pacific archipelago, or an unexplored island, however large, as matters of very trifling import to so vast -an empire; and though not prepared to freely abandon British rights and claims in such respects, they held to them chiefly because they could be sacrificed when their surrender offered the means whereby some more important end (from an English point of view) might be attained. France, for example, might have been propitiated by the gift of the New Hebrides when she was troublesome in relation to the management of the Egyptian debt The co- operation of Germany in the Eastern question might possibly have been secured by a surrender of all claims on Samoa and New Guinea and, as a sample of this sort of trans action, it may be remembered that Mr Gladstone sought to secure the amity of Italy by presenting her with some ports on the Red Sea littoral, to which indeed England's only claim was that of occupation, and which have since proved a very expensive and troublesome gift to the recipient. The British Government, however, are not troubled with the earth hunger which rages in Europe just now; they have more territory to control and look after than they desire; and where annexations have been made, they have been absolutely forced on the Imperial authorities. They annexed Fiji, but not without great reluctance and after much solicitation from the native chiefs. They point blank refused a similar request from the Samoans a year or two after; and even up to the present they have shirked the responsibility of taking over Zululand. It is, however, vain to attempt to repress the irrepressible; and in spite of the discouragements of the Foreign and Colonial Offices the Empire will grow; and the only effect of these discouragements is to provide difficulties for the future and to complicate questions which were at first simple. In fact the present difficulties in the Pacific owe their origin to this policy of postponement and indefiniteness, and the matters now in dispute could have been settled with ease a dozen years ago. With regard to the New Hebrides it is not strange that the smooth current of the Imperial Conference discussions should have been broken into surf when it reached that sunken rock. In 1878 England and France concluded an agreement by which each agreed to refrain from occupying or annexing the New Hebridean group ; but within the last few yearsFrance having overcrowded New Caledonia with convicts, has sought to secure the abrogation of that agreement. The Imperial Government would have consented, after a little demur, had not the Australian colonies protested vigorously. They had seen too much of French colonization in the Pacific, and not only objected to its extension, but raised objections to the right of France to deposit its moral sewage in such dangerous proximity to their shores as in New Caledonia itself. They urged the Imperial Government to expostulate with France on the continuance of convict transportation to the South Pacific, and to maintain the New Hebrides Convention of 1878. The attitude oi the colonies thus placed the British Government in awkward position. They did not see the value of the New Hebrides, or appreciate the Australasian feeling that the South Pacific should be British; and they wished also, in the threaten ing condition of European and Egyp tian affairs, to keep friends with France; but on the other hand they could hardly abandon treaty rights in defiance of the express wish of Australia. Lord Rosebery suggested compromise ; he proposed that France should undertake to export no more convicts to the South Pacific, and should be allowed to annex the New Hebrides, with the proviso that the British missionaries should not be interfered with. New South Wales, as the colony which suffered most from the immigration of New Caledonian escapees, received the proposal with some favor ; but Victoria strenuously opposed it, and carried the other colonies with her. The objections urged against the proposed compromise were that British interests were largely concerned in the New Hebrides; that o j t the islands owed whatever civilization and Christianization they had gained to British enterprize and mission work; that if France once obtained possession ot the islands, the conditions of the bargain would be only temporarily carried out; and that if the convention of 1878 were broken there would be no guarantee against the breach of the new agreement after the lapse of a few years. This style of reasoning was perfectly sound in principle, but it was not likely to commend itself to the French Government,which was naturally incensed therewith. An increase in convict deportation to New Caledonia was threatened; and eventually, just when the Eastern question threatened trouble, some French troops were landed on the New Hebrides, in direct contravention of the convention of 1878. Of course there was immediately an outburst of indignant protest from Australia; but the French Government suavely declared that they had not occupied the islands, but had merely landed a few marines to punish some natives who had committed outrages on French subjects, and to protect French traders. This was, of course, merely an official assurance; and, as Bismarck has very sagaciously observed that it is never safe to believe anything until it is " officially denied," the converse of the rule should stand good, and to disbelieve an official assurance be a safe thing. The French press hailed the landing of these troops on the New Hebrides as a virtual annexation of the islands, a defiance to England, and an assertion of French claims to power in the Pacific. An instance of this may be quoted, as particularly pointed. A leading Parisian paper concluded an article on the arrogant assumption by England of the ownership of the ocean realms of the earth with the story of an English Ambassador to Venice, who it is said, when passing through the sea canals of that city, dipped his hand into the water, and on touching his lips with it exclaimed, " This is salt! This is ours." The French journalist points his anecdote by remarking, " The story is very English ; and the pride of it is English—but the New Hebrides will be French It certainly seems as if this prediction stood a good chance of fulfilment, for notwithstanding the diplomatic negotiations which have been carried on for tha last year, the French troops are still in occupation of the New Hebrides; and the remarks of Lord Salisbury at the Imperial Conference the other day, when he relieved his feelings (as he was wont to do years ago in the Saturday Review), show pretty clearly how he regards the matter. He accused the colonies of hampering his foreign policy and of assuming an attitude calculated to force on a war with France. Lord Salisbury was always of a somewhat uncertain temper and much more addicted to banning than blessing; and when he unburdened himself at the Conference (where he considered his utterances in a measure confidential) he was probably suffering from irritation caused by France's repetition of the demand that he would redeem Mr Gladstone's promise and order the evacuation of Egypt by the British troops. He is not prepared to comply with the demand,and being unable to fix a date for the evacuation of Egypt, he is scarcely in a position to demand peremptorily the French evacuation of the New Hebrides. The colonial delegates did not at all take kindly to Lord Salisbury's lecture, and the Victorian representatives in particular replied very warmly; but the Secretary of State for the Colonies (Sir Henry Holland) has poured oil on the waters troubled by his chief, and has explained that a compromise is being effected with France, by which the New Hebrides, instead of being independent f either power, shall be subject to a oint Naval Commission, and that when he Commission is appointed, the French troops will be withdrawn. This of course is only a temporary expedient, and equally of course will work as badly as the Dual Control in Egypt; but it is better than an open quarrel on the matter, even though the breach of faith be on the side ol France. A somewhat similar compromise is proposed with regard to Samoa, in which England, Germany, and the United States are interested. One of them is to be the " mandatory power," but which one has not been settled, though the Samoans themselvess may claim to have a word in the matter. The sovereignty of the group was offered to and refused by England ten years ago ; Germany is eager to take full control; the United States has also a claim, and the Sandwich Islands, which are, or have been, under an American quasiprotectorate, have made a federal treaty with Samoa. The result is quite conjectural, but the question is not a burning one and stands no chance of becoming a casus belli. As to New Guinea, the Imperial Government are at last prepared to accept the Queensland Premier's proposals, and to exchange the nominal (and expensive) protectorate for an actual annexation under the control of Queensland. All the trouble on this question has arisen through Lord Derby's refusal to sanction the Queensland proposals in the first instance—and that refusal was in all probability dictated by a desire to have something in reserve to surrender to Germany when diplomatic exigencies rendered a surrender advisable. As a matter of fact the northern half of the island and the New Britain archipelago were so surrendered, and the southern part of New Guinea would have been given too, had not the national spirit of Australasia been aroused, and the protectorate purchased by a . joint guarantee of its expenses. The sum guaranteed was, however, insufficient, and the Protectorate up to now been a failure, the chief difficulty being the cost of maintaining a steamer to enforce the authority of the officials whose salaries absorb the Australian subsidy. Now, however, the Imperial Government will provide a war steamer, Queensland will undertake the management of the dependency, and the colonies will guarantee ^15,000 per annum for 10 years to defray expenses. It is not to be expected that Queensland, though most directly interested, and the prime mover in the New Guinea affair, should bear the greater I ' Griffith proposes that the colonies! should contribute on the basis of | population, and that the sums paid by them should be regarded as a debt to repaid in the future out of the proceeds of New Guinea land sales and rents. Western Australia "and Tasmania, whose populations are small, have readily promised to contribute; Victoria and New South Wales can hardly refuse; New Zealand preserves a discreet silenee on the subject; while South Australia, having already an expensive appendage in the Northern I Territory, declines on the score of | financial difficulties to bear a share in the New Guinea expenses. However, the question of contribution is one for the colonial legislatures to settle, and the energetic Premier of Queensland is not likely to forgo his scheme, even if 4.1.-4. —*l 1 that colony has to contribute i :t 1. as much I as New South Wales and Victoria. THE RIFLES.—The Committee of the Port Augusta Rifle Company meet this evening at 7 o'clock to consider handicaps, &c.;, for the Club match on Saturday next. CHESS.—A special general meeting of members of the Chess Club is called for Friday evening next at 8 o'clock, in the Institute, the occasion being the formal presentation of the prizes won in the late tournament To COBBESPON DENTS. — " Taxpayer," Stirling North, we will publish your letter if you choose to attach your name to it— " Friend of Schnabell's Friend." There is now no cause for anxiety as to Schnabell's fidelity or felicity, as he is " enjoying a change" on the French side of the frontier. WEST SIDE SANITARY RESERVE.—Under the provisions of the Lands Consolidation Act of 1886, His Excellency the Governor proclaims in last Thursday's Gazette a reserve for sanitary purposes, and refuse depot for the townBhip of Port Augusta West. The boundaries of the reserve are as follows :—Commencing at a point 50 links south-east of the telegraph line and 50 links north-east of the north-eastern side of road north-east of the park lands adjacent to Port Angusta West; thence south- easterly by a line 50 links northeast of and parallel to side of road aforesaid for 317 links ; thence north-easterly at right angles for 634 links; thence north-westerly at right angles for 317 linke; thence Bouth-westerly at right angles for 634 links, to the point of commencement. WHABF ACCIDENT.—About 1.30 on Sunday morning the sail-maker of the Thurland Castle was returning on board, but for some reason or other did not steer accurately for the guiding light, lost his bearings, and tumbled through an un planked space in the wharf in close proximity to the stone wall. Fortunately he fell straight, and did not strike either the stone or wood work of the wharf; the splash, as well as the shouts of the immersed mariner, being heard by both the watchman of the Thurland Castle, and W.P.C. Sinythe, assistance was promptly rendered, and the shivering tar, who had kept himself above water by clinging to a piece of the timber work, was hauled to the surface little the worse for his ducking. The moral is obvious—sailors should not delay going on board till 1.30 a.m. THE WHABF.—The dredger laid up alongside the wharf on Saturday to get her boilers cleanod and engines attended to, before going down the harbor " on the scoop." She will not, we believe, be ready to resume operations till Thursday, and consequently the Priestman cranes are having a little holiday. The filling in is now considerably advanced, and the connection with the Commercial-road frontage is almost completed. Decking operations are going on at the north end of the wharf, and at the southern end the short section adjoining the Government jetty is being stone-walled, six or seven trucks of stone for the work coming down by ordinary trains daily. The ballast for the land line of rails is piled up on the reclaimed ground ; and the marriage of the old jetty to the wharf is in process of con summation. SCHOOL BOARD—The usual monthly meeting of the Port Augusta School Board was held on Monday last. Present Messrs F. Walters (Chairman), J. Nichol son, C. J. Reynolds, and C. E. Stokes. A letter was received from the Education Office, in reply to the Board's suggestion that the cesspits at the Port Augusta school be replaced by earth closets, approving the suggestion, but pointing out that the periodic emptying; of the pans would be a difficulty. It was decided that the Chairman ascertain the cost of procuring pans, &c.;, and ask the Local Board of Health as to the terms on which the school closets would be included in the scavenging contract, and that on receiving this information he apply for the necessary funds from the Education Department. The Chairman reported that as nothing had been done to the school grounds and dwelling for years,a number of matters sadly needed attention. He had, on the application of the head teacher, directed the necessary repairs to be effected, the cost being £9, and the work was in progress. The Board endorsed the Chairman's action, and decided on adjourning to inspect the grounds and buildings, also to pay a visit of inspection during the month to the West Side, Stirling, and Saltia schools. The Education Office wrote that to carry out the Board's recommendations and prosecute cortain parents whose children had not complied with the compulsory attendance clause, would be expensive and troublesome, since the teacher of the Bchool question had left the district.. It was suggested that admonitory notices be sent to the offending parents.—Notices to be sent. A number of applications for free instruction were considered and granted as follows :—Port Augusta West— CharlesChapple; Port Augusta—Kathleen Gardiner, John M'Donald, E. M. Bromley, W. Osborne, E. Pelcher, John Jones, and John Morgan; Stirling North—Robert Pechford, George Lawrence, Thomas Craddock, Stephen Lawrence, Mary Glass, and Charles Chapman. The monthly returns were received, showing attendances, &c.;, as follows :—Port Augusta school, on roll 262; average attendance, 174; free scholars, 42 ; cash to Board's credit, £10 7s. West Side School—on roll, 48 averago, 33 ; free scholars, 5 ; cash to credit, £12 5s. 3d. Saltia—on roll, 54 ; average, 43 ; free scholars, 23. Stirling North—on roll, 35; average, 20 ; free scholars, 7; cash to credit, £21 16s. 3d. With regard to the planting of the Port Augusta school ground, for which the head teacher (Mr Bawdon) had made preparations by carting away sand drift, removing weeds, rubbish, &c.;, the Board decided to write the Minister of Education, requesting that he would call attention to the desirability of planting the school ground at the same time as the railway yard, the latter work having been promised. The Board then adjourned to the school ground, and after inspection decided to apply for funds to make certain repairs and improvements, including a floor to the front verandah, painting wood-work, renovating plastering, and providing a detached kitchen, as the accommodation afforded by the bouse was too limited and as, from its construction, it could not be built to. THE YANYABBIE GHOST. —A corre epondent writeBjrom Cradook w foliowsj —" Our friend Mr M. and several othere went down again from Cradock on Sunday to further investigate the ghost. They found Mr Hamdorff and family at a bouse three miles away, where there were no knockings. Mr Hamdorff Bays that on returning from Quorn the knockings were as bad aB ever, still following the child. They put her in the middle of the room on a box, and the rappings were heard on it When the child was in bed,the ghostly visitant would knock close to her, and even when she was placed between two other would be sleepers, the raps still continued, and BO they decided to remove from the house. Our friend Mr M. says that no sounds have been heu-d in it since; but he has arranged with Mr Hamdorff to go to the place again Bome evening, with the children, and give the ghost another chance of explaining^ its troubles and getting o-ot+Jnrr " laid." loir! " A resident ruiilsnt here Vi«r« says RAVR that that if you give a table, with four persons sitting around it, a code of rapB by which to express itself—a la the ghost—it will tell you the time of night, the number of shillings in your pocket, and give a series of knocks that will wake the wicked think Old Scratch has come for them. This incredulous individual does not believe in either ghosts or spirit-rapping, but declares for animal magnetism and unconscious telegraphy. He will accompany Mr M. on his next visit to th« ghostly region, and will try to test his theory in the haunted house. We await the result of the experiment with considerable interest." ST. AUGUSTIN'S CHUBCH.—The Easter Vestry meeting of St. Augustin's Church took place on Friday April 22. Present —The Incumbent, Rev C. G. E. Ashworth, the Wardens, Messrs T. Young and C. E. Stokes, and the Committee, besides several members of the congregation. The Incumbent in his address pointed out that the attendance at the week night services and early celebration of the Holy Com- munion should be increased ; he asked for the aBBistance of men's voiceB in the choir, and for more teachers in the Sunday School, and stated that services were regularly conducted at Port Augusta West, the Gaol, and the Hospital. The People's Warden read the balance-sheet for the paBt year, which showed the debt to the bank to have been reduced £25, and the total indebtedness to be £1556 13s. 3d. at the present date. The balance-sheet was adopted. The same Wardens and Committee who held office last year were elected ; Messrs W. B. Sells and Dr Peel Nesbit were appointed to represent the Church in the Synod, and Messrs G. B. Bryant and C. G. Speed were chosen aB honorary Auditors. A satisfactory report and balance sheet for the Sunday school were presented by Mr £. Smith, the Superintendent, who with the teachers was accorded the sincere thanks of the congregation for their work. The organist, Miss Richardson, and Mr Wood man and the choir were thanked for their services. During the past year a new organ has been obtained and nearly paid for; also two stained glass windows for the Church, one of which has been Bubscribed for by the Sunday School, and the other is being erected in memory of the late Mr George Taylor, who for many years was Superintendent of the School and was universally respected. A. special vote of thanks was passed to Mrs Mark ham for very handsome altar cloth made by her and presented to the Church. It was decided to form a special committee to to raise a fund to be called the " Jubilee Fund" to pay off a portion of the debt on the Church. The Incumbent having announced his intention of holding a special service on Accession Day in honor of the Queen's Jubilee,it was decidedtbathe should inform the Mayor and Town Council, the Rifle CorpB, and all the Friendly Societies, and invite their attendance. A letter from Dr Pendleton, resigning his position on the committee and announcing his departure on account of ill- health, was received and I a resolution was unanimously carried, that a letter expressing the sincere sympathy of the congregation be addressed to the Doctor by the Incumbent CONCERT.—On Monday evening St. Augustin's school room was crowded with an audience such as does not usually muster up to a sixpenny concert—and indeed the programme waB a cut above that standard. The Rev. C. G. E. Ashworth officiated as conductor of the ceremonies, and in opening the proceedings announced that, as the programme was long and its numbers lengthy, encores were not desired. The audience, though generally applausive, obeyed the instructions thus given, except when their enthusiasm got the better of them, but though two imperative encoreB were responded to, the proceedings terminated before 10 o'clock. Mrs Mackay sang the " Merry Zingari" in a style which elicited loud applause, and Mrs Beatton's solo, " The Captive Greek Girl," was also well received. Misses Mann and Macgrewer gave the duet, " Come away ye elves," creditably, and with Messrs Cooke and Anderson, took part in the quartet " Awake, ^olian Lyre." Dr AstleB' first contribution " Qui Vive," did not suit the taste of his audience eo well as the Irish song, " The low-backed car," in the rendition of which he brought down the house by his realistic illustration of how he would comport him self with " Sweet Peggy" in a ride in the aforesaid vehicle. Mr Dewhirst sang " The Wanderer"—a song the merits of which were hardly calculated to captivate the audience. Messrs Cooke, Anderson and Turner acquitted themselves creditably in the trio, " Breathe soft, ye winds," aod Mr R. Smith made his debut in Port Augusta with " Anchored." The two overtures (piano, 'cello, and violin), played by Miss Taylor, Mr Taylor, and Mr Smith, were acceptably rendered and much applauded ; in fact the second one, a melange of Scotch airs, evoked the Terpsichorean enthusiasm of the rear guard, who expressed their feelings more candidly than considerately by favoring the musician B with a continuous and by no means subdued foot-tapping accompaniment. As there are such a number of irrepressible musical enthusiasts in the town, their eagerness to participate in entertainments might be gratified, at no cost to the enjoyment of others, by enlisting their services for the metallic accompaniment to the " Anvil CboruB" in some future concert. The events of the evening were Dr Stewart's violin solos, for though he was only billed for one, he was good enough to respond to an encore, and to oblige with a third solo in the second part of the concert. It is sometime since the Doctor's violin was heard in a Port Augusta concert room, but his first number, "The Blue Bells of Scot- Iand"showed that his purity of tone,ease and accuracy of execution, and artistic feeling were as pronounced as ever—and as fully appreciated. In response to a rapturous encore he gave the " Cuckoo" with equal taste and expression ; and his third solo, " The Last Rose of Summer" was indeed a treat, though he could not be persuaded to respond to the encore it provoked. Mr R. Morgan recited Bret Harte's Californian digger sketch, " Dow's Plat," effectively, and Mr Murdoch gave an extract from the " Siege of Corinth" with dramatic fervour. Mrs Murphy officiated as piano accompanist to the vocaliBte in her usual effective style, and the proceedings closed with the National Anthem. The Port Downer, Elliotites socialise H. £ ROBBERY.—Early on Sunday morning the office of Mr Allan Andereon, of the Great Northern Hotel, was entered by some as yet undiscovered thief, and between ( £4 and £5 in money, 120 cigars, and a e commercial traveller's liquor samples were abstracted. Entry was apparently made through a window. The matter is in the bands of the police. METEOROLOGICAL.—The season still continues propitious, though no great pluvial downfalls—which indeed are not required now—have occurred. Early on Sunday morning a gentle rain began to fall and continued intermittently till Monday morning, when the Post Office gauge registered *14in. - From reports to hand it appears that the fall was general. PHENOMENAL BIBTH.—A woman named Corrigan, residing near Doura, connty Leitrim, has been delivered of four children at a birth—three girls and a boy. They are all doing well. The family are miserably poor, the father being a small farmer. The children lie on straw, covered with rags, beside the fire. Tha landlord has forgiven the father a year's rent in consideration of the increase of the family. THE GERMAN EMPEBOB'S JUBILEE PRESENT TO THE QUEEN.—The Manchester Guardian learns from a private letter received from Vienna that a magnificent dinner service of the Dresden bright yellow ware, only used for Royal presents, is being made there by order of the Emperor William for the Queen, for presentation on the occasion of her jubilee. Each plate will have five medallions, having on them either allegorical pictures recalling memorable incidents in the Victorian era, or portraits of celebrities of the Queen's reign. There are to be in all 288 large and 120 small plates, and 72 dishes of all sizes, besides tureen, sauce boata, and fruit dishes. The centrepiece for flowers and fruit will be surmounted by a statuette of the Queen, and have medallion portraits in relief— white on gold—of the members of the Royal Family of England. ROMANTIC MABBIAGE OF A SCHOOLGIRL —In the Court of Session, Edinburgh, last month Lord M'Laren heard evidence in an action for divorce by Isabella Sander son, of Edinburgh, against Charles Underwood, Burgeon, of Edinburgh, now in Bombay. The plaintiff said she was 22 years of age, and was married to the defendant, a half-caste, in July, 1882, wl en Bhe was 18, before a registrar. She was a pupil-teacher, and got married during the school lunch hour, being driven back to school by her husband in time for afternoon leBSonB. She next saw him on ihe following morning for * few minutes in the street, and gave him the marriage certificate, at his request. She told her father of the marriage two days afterwards, but she did not see her bueband again till the following September, when he called at her father's house. Her father refused to allow her to live with her husband until he could provide a home. Underwood then left the house, and she had not seen hiin since. He returned to her, through a friend, a lock of hair Bhe had given him. A decree of divorce was granted. A KIDNAPPED CONSUL.—A telegram from Old Calabar, dated February 6, says :—Her Majesty's gunboat Rifleman sailed to-day for the Rio del Rey, to try and obtain the release of Mr H. H. John' son, the British Vice-Consul for the territories under the protectorate of Germany in the districts of the Cameroons, who has been seized by the natives on the Rio del Rsy. Mr Johnston, whose residence is at Mondoleh Island, went up the river on February 4 in a canoe for the purpose of exploration. On the next day a native runner reached Old Calabar and reported that Mr Johnstone had been seized by the natives, and was then held captive. Word was at once sent to her Majesty's ship Rifleman, which was at Fernando Po, but a short distance off, and the commander of the Rifleman im mediately left with his vessel for Old Calabar to obtain instructions from the ConBul-in-Chief, Mr E. H. Hewett. She arrived here to- day, and knowing the importance of prompt action, the Consul at once embarked, and the Rifleman left to proceed to the scene of the outrage. It is understood that very energetic action will be taken to procure Mr Johnston's release. (Recent cablegrams have announced the success of the Rifleman's expedition and the recapture of the kidnapped consul)' THE PEABLING FLEET DISASTEB.—The Advertiser's Perth correspondent wires as followB under date April 30 :—Mr George Roe, a solicitor who was on board the Sree Pas Sair in the disaster to the pearling fleet, has made the following statement :—" At 8 p.m. on Thursday, April 21, the pearling fleet was at anchor off the Ninety-mile Beach. A heavy gale commenced to blow without the barometer indicating its approach, the gale blowing from the north-east, and a heavy sea coming in from the north. The squalls increased in fury during the night, and on Friday morning, April 22, about 10 a.m., the gale coming down still heavier, several boats were blown from their moorings, and drifted out .to sea, fouling and dismasting each other. At 3 p.m. all the vessels in the fleet had parted or slipped their chains. AB it was still blowing hard and the barometer falling, at 4 p.m. the Sree Pas Sair had to slip her chains and try to run before the hurricane. Storm sails were hoisted but were immediately blown away, and the ship broached to and fell on her beam ends, half filling with water, and the captain had to order the foremast to be cut away. At that time the ship was in the middle ot the fleet; we saw a number of men floating in the sea, some swimming antf some clinging to spars, and we succeeded in rescuing three. The quantity of floating wreckage was very considerable. The glass commenced to riBe after midnight ; the lowest reading during the day was 29.46, but it had been lower. At daybreak on Satnrday, the weather moderating, several luggers visited the Bhip and obtaining rations and water, their stocks either being exhausted or destroyed. They made inquiries respecting their position, intending to make for Lagrange Bay. We saw several boats in the distance,dismasted and otherwise damaged, but could not make them out. On Sunday we rigged up a jury mast and made for Lagrange Bay, and at midday we found the steamship Australind at anchor. From her people we learned that the revenue schooner, Eloise, had lost her foremast. The Sree Pas Sair was towed in by the AuBtralind, and during the passage we sighted a vessel and steered for her, but night coming on we lost sight of the ship. The Australind remained for some time looking for her, but without success. The sea was going down rapidly. The vessel in question appeared to be anchored. We saw the schooner Telephone aleo dismasted. Amongst the missing boats are the Venture, the Lord Loftus and six luggers, the Dairymaid and Bix luggers, three luggers belonging to the Mavis, one lugger belonging to the Lady Dennison, three luggers belonging to the Harriet, one lugger belonging to the Annie, aod the following native boats, each carrying a large number of hands—the Expert, the Dawn, the Myra, and the Jessie. At the present time 1 consider there are over 40 veBsels missing, and over 300 lives are yet to be accounted for." The German Emperor considers that in asking Shnabell to cross the frontier, the German police virtually gave him a safe coaduot, 