THE STORYTELLER. MISS LAPHAM'S JAPANESE SILK.— A PARTLY TKUE STORY. lit H. H., ix Harper's Bazaar. Great bustle and stir pervaded Miss Jones's dressmaking room. Four new gowns were to go home that afternoon, all to be worn at one party. Such a thing had never before happened since Milly Jones, brave Jittle thing that she was, had undertaken to keep lather, mother, sister, and two brothers in food and clothes by the work of her two slender hands. Her father was a paralytic, her mother not overstrong, her sister only fifteen, and the boys ten and twelve. It was a big load for Milly to shoulder, but she took it up as gaiiy as if it had been play, and had been carrying it now for four years, without a day's rest, or a night's either, for that matter, since there never was a night that she did not sew till 12 o'clock, and sometimes long after. All she knew of the dressmaking art she had learned on the sly. or on the wing, as it were, in the great Madame Gullall's establishment, where she had toiled and drudged for five yeara, sometimes going shopping, sometimes sewing on skirts of gowns, sometimes holding the pincushion for madame while she fitted. This last was her opportunity, and not a second of it did she lose. No seam, no pleat, no trick of the madame's deft lingers escaped MilJy's eye. She had not been long in the place before the dream took distinct shape in her mind. It was not such a very difficult thing, Miily perceived, to lit a gown. She could even improve on some of the madame's methods, she dared to think. And she was not mistaken, for the madame was at best but a trained workwoman, and Milly had a dash of genius in her nimble brain. So she plotted and planned, and studied and observed, all the while saving every penny that she could. She confided her project to her mother, who, luckily, did not frown on it, and together they schemed and economised, until at last they had money enough in the savings bank to keep the family in food and pay the rent for one year. Until that was assured Milly would not make her venture. 'In one year I can get under way, I know,' she said. ' Plenty of madame's customers will give me their old gowns to alter over, because I will do it so cheap. I've many a time heard them say that it was no economy to have madame alter them, for she charged as much as for a new gown. And that way I'll gradually work in till they'll give me their new gowns too. If 1 had the French patterns I'd very soon fit as well as madame. If I had had her experience, I believe I'd fit better. I've seen her make awful blunders sometimes.' So, when the money for one year's living was put away, Milly electrified Madame Gullnll one day by giving notice that she would leave at the end of the month. The madame was dis pleased. All her customers liked Milly ; she herself liked her. She had no one in her whole establishment whose eye was so quick for a shade of colour as Milly's. Many a time, when other shoppers had reported a sample as unmatchable, Milly had gone out, and in an hour had returned with the right thing. And more ? than once, when some accident had happened to a gown, and a dilemma had arisen, Milly's ingenuity had come to the rescue, and devised an expedient which had saved the madame's credit. Xo ; Milly must not go. She offered to double her wages. It was a temptation, but Milly resisted. 'It might be long before we would have a whole year's living ahead again,' she thought ; 'and I'm getting old' (she was 19). ' If I'm ever going to begin, now's my time.' So, politely thanking Madame Gullall, she declined her offer, and departed. It was surprising how work poured in on her as soon as it was understood among a few of Madame Gullall's customers that Milly 'had setup for herself.' No woman living who cares for dress can resist the temptation of having a pretty gown at halt price. Milly was a tireless creature, went to her customers at their own houses to fit them, carried samples, ripped, sponged, and pressed old ecowns, and brought them back as good as new, or better. She smiled to herself sometimes — knowing well how much more work she gave fnr the money than the fine ladies had ever Rot before — to find them inclined to drivp close bargains with her. But she was working for an end ; she could afford to bide her time. 'If I live and have my health, you'll see me ask twenty-five dollars for making a gown, the same as the rest of them,' she said to her mother. 'It's worth it, too. I just wish the ladies would try making one their own selves, from beginning to end, and see if they don't think differently after they've done it !' Before the end of the first year Milly had a sewing-woman of her own. In six months more she had two, and at the time of our story had four. More than tbat Milly could not manage ; in fact, more than six human being3 could not have breathed in the little basement room where Milly's work must still be done. It was a dark, dismal, cramped place ; but Milly did not yet, prosperous as, judging by her own modest criterion, she had become, dare risk a bigger rent. She knew what she wanted — a sunny, airy house far up-town. Many a Sunday afternoon she spent walking, with longing eyes, up and down the streets in which she would like, and hoped some day, to live. But before she could do that the boys must have their schooling, and get to work at a trade. Then, with only their father and mother to keep, Milly thought she and her sister would feel as it they could afford to live more as they would like. And so they worked bravely and cheerily on. It seems to me that there is nothing in all the world which is reckoned by so false standards as courage. To set off on an exploring expedition to the north pole or into the heart of Africa, with rich men's money and names blazoning the Hffitir over all the eai th, with the lure of promised furne and glory beckoning one on, is not, to rny mind, halt t-o heroic a thing as to live in a dingy house in a scarcely respectable street, trudge back and forth in all weathers to fetch and carry work, sit in a dark basement sewing ten hours at a stretch, day in and day out, year in and year out, and keep cheerful through it all. If only one person here and there did it, the world would see clearer how much courage and fortitude it takes. Hut there are so many hundreds, so many thousands, doing it all around us all the time, that we do not realise what it is or what it means. When we do realise this, a better time will dawn for work-people, and the world will wake up to a shame-stricken consciousness of some of its unconscious cruelties. No such thoughts as these bothered Milly's brain, however. She went about her work, was sorry when it fell off, and elated , when it poured in, no more questioning whether it were just for her to have to work so hard than sparrows question about Hying in search of food. * , The four gowns which were to go home this night were a great triumph for Milly. Two oi thtm were for rich and fashionable young ladies for whom she had never before made new gowns, the Misses Lapham, who liveci with their uncle in a Buperb home near the park. They had been among Madame Gullull'a best customers, as Milly very well knew. It would be enough to keep Milly's whole family for a year if she could earn all that these two girls had been in the habit or paying to madame. But that she did not hope for. . One of the dresses was of a Japanese silk, a sort of brocade. Milly wondered where it had been bought. She had never seen anything like it. It- had gold nnd browns and purples so. shot and interwoven .that the colour was like a beech-tree in the autumn— a beech-tree with its leaves all turned by frost, and shaking in the wind. Many a time Milly had paused in working, and held up a bib of it to the Iight,for the pure pleasure of seeing the colours change. With it had come a piece of very old gold brocade, which was made into an over-dress, with long sleeves bunging from the shoulder; nnd when Miss Florence Lapham pub it.oi), she looked, with her black eyes nnd hair, like a Japanese lady of degree. Miss Florence was .exceedingly difficult : to » please always, and with this particular dress its seemed as if she never would be suited. Even gentle Mil y's patience w»* ft™'1*,^™ out waiting while she stood before the long dress 'P^.3^ ning and turninsr and turning again, and scrutinising e%er- torn ana loop. At last she exclaimed — If Tf T _m,ifi -I never can tell how anything looks on myself. I I could only see it on somebody else, 1 could tell in one minute if it was M»l£feht«nd Jenny up with it, Miss Florence.' mJJ Milly, hesitatingly. 'If you would be willing to letJ«Pntflt °£ She is just about your size. I've often pinned a pattern for you on her, and I draped this skirt on her. ' Who is Jenny?' said Miss Lnpham, sharply. , ,, ? . ' One of my girls.' answered Milly, a little frightened. V™ she's jnst as neat and nice as any lady. Indeed, Miss 1- lorence, I don't think you need mind letting her put it on. , . , . 'Is she as tall as I am?' asked Miss Lapham, wondenngly , she had few acquaintances tall as herself. i,_,,~ ' Not quite,' said Milly ; ' but I've got a piece of wood I have her stand on,- and that makes her just the right heigh t.f You could tell exactly how the dress looks if you saw it on Her. ' Very well. You can bring her up with you to morrow, when you fetch the dress home,' said Miss Lapham, little dreaming what destinies lay in her words. ' Come early, so there will oe time for you to alter it if it isn't right. I don t believe that the loopings at the back are as I want them, but I can t possibly tell with the hand-glass. Bring the piece of wood along, too, ao as to have it exact' ,. , . ,, . , Milly exclaimed— ' Oh, Miss Florence, I cant bring that ! Won't a footstool do?' and she glanced around the room, lull or every sort of luxurious fitting and appointment. , 'No,' said Miss Lapbam ; ' 1 want her to be the exact height you fitted it on. You can have one of your brothers bring the piece of wood.' , , . , ' So I can,' said the good-natured Milly. ' I never thought of that. Robby will be only too delighted to come. This conversation had been two days before the date ot the party. When Milly reported it at home, to her great surprise, Jenny, flushing hotly, said that she could not go up to try on Miss Lapham's gown. ' Why not?' said Milly. Jenny, still scarlet, made no answer. Milly continued—' You'll get me into a dreadful scrape, Jenny, if you don't go ; for Miss Florence is counting on it ; and if she is displeased she'll never give me another bit of work. What earthly difference does it make to you, Jenny, whether you try the gown on there or here ?' . Jenny opened her lips as if to speak, but changing her mind, remained silent for some minutes, looking down on her work, and rapping absently with her thimble on the window-pane. Then suddenly looking up, she said — ' I'll go, Milly, because you've always been so good to me, but I don't want to go a bit. I wouldn't do it for anybody but you.' 'I didn't think you'd be such a goose as to care,' laughed Milly, 'or I wouldn't have offered to do it. 1 wouldn't mind it a bit myself, and i don't see why you need.' It Milly had known all Jenny knew, she would have understood very well ; but she did not know all Jenny did. Neither did she know all that there was to be known about the beautiful Japanese silk3 of which Miss Lapham's gown was made. Those silks had a story which nobody but Miss Florence Lapham and Mr. George Baylies, her cousiii, knew. He had given the silks to her when he came home from his last voyage — the voyage from which nobody expected he would come back alive, poor fellow. He seemed at death's door when he started. But the sea cured him : the sea, and time to think ; for the thing that ailed George Baylies was only in part what the doctors called it — nervous prostration from over-work. He had had a sharp hurt, had lost faith in a girl he loved, and- thought he did not care to live any longer ; but before he got fairly around Cape Horn he discovered that he was mistaken ; that he decidedly preferred to live ; and as soon as he discovered that he got well instanter, and when he stepped on shore at San Francisco, his father and mother and Florence Lapham, who had gone overland to meet him, and had been nearly dead with anxiety because the ship was two weeks overdue, hardly could believe their eyes at the sight of George, hale, hearty, plump, and jolly. They all snid it was a miracle, but it was not. It was the farthest possible from a miracle. It was the work of a law as plain ns the multiplication table; but that is neither here nor there in this story, except that being, as I say, cured, and in a healthy frame of mind, when he came to unpack treasures he had had stored away in San Francisco for two years, keeping them for somebody to whom he could now never give them, he decided to make presents of them all to his cousins, and the very first things he gave away were these Japanese silks to Florence. He and Florence had always been so fond of each other that every body expected them to be married, until George went to college, and, it was said, had become entangled with the daughter of a boarding-house keeper in the town where the college wa3 situated — a most untortunnte affair, which had been woundup, nobody knew exactly how, just before George's health broke down. But now he was all right again, and to be seen here, there, and every where with his handsome cou3in Florence, and all would un doubtedly turn out in the end as everybody had prophesied four years ago. George had come back to New York, and this very party at which Miss Florence would wear the Japanese silks was given in honour of his return. What Florence Lapham thought about it all, what was in her mind as she planned and devised the toilette, nobody knew but Miss Florence herself, and she never told, for the beat of reasons, as will be seen. It was a little past 4 when the- procession set out from Milly's door, Milly and Jenny each bearing a big box, and liobby trudging by their side with the block o£ wood. As they got into the horse car everybody looked at them, and wondered what that little boy could be carrying thiit bin block of wood for. But Uobby did not mind. lie was lull of anticipations of seeing the mocking- bird which Milly had told him was in a cage in Miss Florence's room, and often sang while she was there. They soon reached the iiouse, and were shown upstairs, where - Florence was impatiently awaiting them. ' Be quick ! be quick !' she said. 'Ifc is long past 4 o'clock.' In a very few minutes the gown was out of the box, and in a few minutes more Jenny had laid aside her shabby clothes, put on the rich dress, with one of Miss Florence's own embroidered petticoats under it, and stepped upon the block of wood which made her precisely Miss Lapham's height. ?, | The dress was faultless. Walking round and round Jenny, ; turning her from side to side as if she was a wooden lay. figure, Miss Laphara scrutinised 'every part of the costume, and had nothing but approbation to give. ? ' ? '?Really, Milly,' she exclaimed, 'it is lovely. Madame Gullall never made anything prettier. You shall make all ray new dresses this spring.' .-?'Thunk you, Miss Florence,'.' said Milly, warmly. 'I'll do my very best to have them all perfect' ' What a shame she isn't as tall as I am, so I could, see her walk a lew steps in it !' said Mias Lapham, her eye resting on ! Jenny with no more consciousness of her being a living human being than Bhe would have had if -she had said of a wooden frame, .' What a pity it can't walk across the iloor.' Jenny coloured, but remained silent. Milly recollected after ward that Jenny had not once opened her lips in Mibs Laphum's presence. ? . ' Couldn't Bhe hold the dress up in front so that she could walk in. Jt and I could see the sweep of the train ?' said Miss Lnpham. iry, Jenny,' said Milly. And Jenny stepped down from her wooden block, and lifting the front of the skirt in both hands walked toward the door. 'There isn't room in here,' exclaimed Miss Lapham. 'I want to seethe gocn at a little distance. Come across into out . sittingroom : and she threw open her bedroom door, and led the ' way across the broud ha.1,1. The Misses Lapham were luxurious younc ladien— «« \\\T — ^ no reason why they should not be— and hadon th^, et-BWa8 with their bedrooms a large and beautifully furntoK w ? .OOt room, to which their own intimate friends were inTi au^'^B coming at all times. ;???;£ * tue na°-t of Closing the door and seatinR herself, Miss Lapham said t^.u lay figure, 'Now wajk slowly up arid.down the room ' tothe Jenny obeyed. Srjite of the holding up of the Bkirf \n t snowed^. thG tmia '** RO°d' -- thC long ^njng1^ Miss Lapham was delighted, and gazed almost dreamilv oV.u slow-rnoving figure. For the first time she noticed Jennv'« . ° 11 That tfrl is very pretty,' she said, in an under-tone L vffi' ' She's as good as she is '— ' pretty,' Milly was n& ♦ l! y' but she did not finish her sentence. y 8 about to «*'*, ' Hullo, Florryr came in loud, boisterous tones from Mi Lapham's brother Tom, bursting open the door with a vehpm? ss which sent it against the wall. 'Here's George?' vehemeice . Miss Lapham shrieked in comical dismay, and gn»ii»»ft« » i. the door as it swung back. 'Goaway! You SS SSfafift It was too late. George Baylies was close behind Tom * At that very sound, Jenny, at the further end of the ronm i. j turned to walk back. In the next second had come from r™ Baylies's lips a cry which none who heard it ever forgot 8e 'Jenny ! oht Jenny !' And in another second Jenny with „ strange stare in her eyes, had fallen—' sunk,' as MiK;,1 afterward, describing the scene to her mother— 'sunk r\nu. down till there wasn't anything but a pile on the iloor iust «5i of the silk and things, and Jenny's face white as death in among Not the most practised litterateur could ever have deacr!J«,i the scene from first to last so well as Milly did— honest heaHv little Milly, who had a tew times in her life been to the the&tn.; and who had read hundreds of romances in the Btory naners nf the day. ? , , - ' I never saw anything so perfectly beautiful— never !' she said. ' There was Jenny in a dead faint on the Uoor and Misa Florence's new dress all mussed up under her, and that splendid looking man down on his knees lifting up Jenny's head ami calling to her, and calling to everybody. 'Oh, get water,' and Bring salts, and Can't somebody do something for her?' and Miss Florence for the first minute standing stock-still' and looking first at Jenny and then at the gentleman, just her haughtiest way ; and then she got softer, and she said, ' Who is it, George?' just as loving; and he looked up at her, and says he, ' Oh. Florry, it's Jenny !' as if that let her know any better And right into the midst of it Robby came running in at the door, culling to me, ' Milly I Milly ! come, hear the mocking-bird sing ; he's singing splendid.' If ever I wished a child in theeea I wished Robby Jones there that minute. Oh, there never was anything in the theatre half so nice, nor in the best story ever I read. It was just splendid. The gentleman he dashed the water over her, right on to the gold brocade, just as it it wasn't anything but a cotton nightgown. I saw Miss Florence try on the sly to wipe a little of it off with her handkerchief ; but it wasn't any use. I made up my mind the sown was done for as soon as I saw them give him the hartshorn bottle. 'Twas a shame, too — such a brocade !' Of course the story ends here, but as stories always have to be finished after they are done, it is in order to relate, in aa few words as possible, that a carriage was called, and that Millv Jones and Robby Jones and Jenny and Mr. George Baylies ail rolled away in it, Jenny still white and trembling, but with heavenly happiness in her downcast eyes, and George Baylies gazing at her, and holding her hand in his, and talking to her, and not minding Milly and llobby any more, as Milly told her mother, 'than if we'd been deaf, dumb, and blind.' And when they reached Milly's house, and Milly said, 'Now, Jenny, you must come in and stay till you feel better,' Mr. Baylies had lilted his hat to Milly, just as if she 'had been a queen,' bIio said, and spoke in such a lordly way— ,. . ' Thank you, Miss Milly, but Jenny will be better at home. I shall go home with her, and nor leave her till she is well again. Where shall I tell the man to drive, Jenny?' . How poor Jenny shrank and hesitated to give the name and number of the miserable home where she and her mother were fighting their poverty ! Bat it was of no nse now. She had met her rightful master, and never again wonld a false scruple come between them. For it had been nothing else which had separated . . them three years before — a conscientious determination on Jenny's part, when she and- her mother suddenly found them, selves penniless, not to be a burden on her lover, who she well knew was not rich. 'He must not begin life with two to support,' said Jenny ; and she wrote him a letter so worded that he could not but infer that her feelings had changed toward him. Then she and her mother had disappeared, leaving in the little village where they had lived no trace by which they could be followed : a brave, foolish thing such as women are for ever doing, and many a time since Jenny's heart had been sick with misgiving lest it had been wrong. But she thought George would have written if he had cared ; so he had written a letter, which would have changed everything, perhaps, if Jenny had pot it, but she never did. It went nobody knows where, and the hopes and the happiness of two hearts with it ; and George broke down, and went on the voyage ; and Jenny kept up, ana went to sewing at Milly Jones's ; and the Japanese silk and brocade went to Miss Florence Lapham, on their roundabout way to Jenny at lust ; and it was because Jenny knew that tue Laphams were cousins of George Baylies that she was on tue point of refusing to go to the house to try on Miss 1« lorence a cown for her ; and if she had — oh, if she had, what then? J!'° can tell ? The Japanese silk would never have been her wedding gown, which, aa things turned out, it really was. It had noi been ruined, after all, and in another box of Georges was more of the gold brocade ; and when Florence Lupharn, having nearu the story, gracefully made the best ot the situation, saying to jier cousin, 'I really think your pretty Jenny ought to havetnau gown, George ; don't you ? — would she mind, do you thinK, my sending it to her ?'— George had exclaimed : ' No, indeed ! ana I'll make her be married in it. That's the thing to do. m never have found her except for that gown.' Jenny, remembering how she herself had planned and made the flowing sleeves to the gold brocade, and how, aa she stoou on the wooden block being turned round and round for wiss Florence's pleasure, her heart had been fuller and fuller ? pt u»« memory of George Baylies, till she looked up and saw mm, «» his ghost, coming toward her, and how, when she came to nerse , one of her first thoughts was, 'Oh dear! 1 have «a.inedff(?J!n Florence's gown!' — Jenny was snperatitiously glad or tne so* '?! nnd held it in such tender regard that she would never nav« ? altered. She wore it for years and years, as one mar a Sown' T, is of true artistic fashion. And now it is packed away, w , handed down in the Baylies family, and it will be Jenny a gn»»' daughter that, some day in 1900, will be dancing m w'83 Lapham's Japanese silk. A lakqe bequest to two of the principal funds of tfae CUv'ceJ of England in the diocese of Melbourne has been made ui the will of the late Mr. Richard Leslie, of Bnuliton. ' e deceased gentleman left property estimated to be or «'» B of £28,000. Of this sum ±'8,850 is bequeathed in v»r'£'t(: st. to a large number of charituble objects, including *?'***'. t0 be Andrew's Church, Brighton. The whole of the rtaUl'| f (ol ^ the paid on trust to the Bishop of Melbourne, to be usea i * j. benefit of the funds known as the Bishop of Melbourne ?* of and the Cathedral Fund, in such proportions as the tru«' hejf the will shall, in their absolute discretion, direct ''H'J'jg in hands, and to be applied to the purpose!? Qt these i » q{ t,,8 accordance with the acts and resolutions of .the A83e ^iter the Church of Kngland of the diocese ot Melbourne. «??* t,,ere pnyment of the duty to the Government, it is believea .w ^ will. bea.bou,t Jtl8,0Q0 to be applied to the two funds meuu« 