PIGSKIN and WILLOW. By BYRON WEBBER. I CHAPTER XIV. (Continued.) Burroughs made no reply, but duly waited on Miss Vandervelde, who curiously enough reiterated Miss Wilson's recommendation. Did not she think, now, it would be best to retire forthwith ? She did not think so, for a reason she had ; but as she rather feared Miss Vandervelde, Bhe quieted that im- perative young lady with a vague kind of promise, and retired to the housekeeper's room to air her awakened suspicions, and finish a flirtation with Jones, the game- keeper. "The devil's in the moon for mischief," wrote he whose memory has supplied a tuft hunting Yankee authoress with an un- pleasant excuse for airing her aristocratic connections in the old country. Until the particular moment the brougham containing Doctor Sutton emerged from the portals of the Sursingle Arms the moon had sulkily withheld her beams. But she rose from behind a shaggy cloud as the vehicle rattled ulong High street, and revealed to all whom it might concern Matthew Crisp, in his hastily-assumed character of Jehn. Whether it concerned her or not, Miss Priscilla Cardmums, given, in the interest of the local paper to courting the muses at unwbolesome hours, saw the Doctor's man taking it out of the nng. " Ah !" she murmured, sighingly, " Doctor Sutton ! Ever pursuing his mission of mercy and love in that high spirit of self-abnegation which so eminently characterises him ! How few there are who are imbued with such nobility of soul! Few indeed; alas, few indeed ! Ah I Doctor Sutton ; had we met ten years since-." The chaise by this time bad turned the corner. She stayed not to finish the emotional sentence whose begin- ning was so suggestive, but resumed her pen and com ted the muses with augmented ardour. Nathan Barjona was innocent of making poetry, and seldom given to its perusal. Even Bernard Barton's geurie strains en- thralled him not. His furtive appearance at the window of hU bedchamber the while Miss Cardmums was enjoying a moony look-out from hers, was attributable to commonplace causes. The fact is, Natuie's soft nurse bnving, for dyspeptic reasons, declined to steep his senses in forgetf illness, he had betaken himself to the window for the purpose of giving one of his senses on astro- nomical and panoramic treat. *' It i» evident," observed night-capped Nathan to himself, ns he raised the blind, " that homoeopathy is unequal the task Jof coping with the peculiarities of my mortal frame. Or, could it be the port ? I think not. No, no. It com M .loi be the port. What a placid moon ! 'Tis almost as light as noonday. Ugh ! its chilly, and there's a thick reek on the far side of the five-acre that tells me this is not a favourable night for one that's troubled with a winter cough. Why, what can that fool Thomas-that I should be led to bestow such an epithet on a fellow-christian-have been thinking about ? He has left the garden gate open. However, thetown mustbe pretty clear of the vagabonds that swarmed to the moor yesterday and to- day, so I will not disturb the bouse. But to-morrow-to-morrow, friend Thomas, thou shalt feel the weight of my rebuke, I promise thee. "No; lam not at aU well. And I have not been well'since I differed in opinion with that uiiBguided yonng man, Sutton. Wheels! "Who can it lie at Hub untimely hour? Surely not-yes-no-it is that uncivil fellow Mat- thew Crisp, und driving as though ha meant to break his own neck and the horse's knee«. There ia someone in the chaise, too : his -master, They take the road to Billingham Gimlet. No i they pull np ; und now they turn off towards the railway station. What can it all mean ? Ugh I it's intensely cold. I will retire, and to-morrow communicate with Eitom. This matter mast be inves- tigated." Said Matthew Crisp to hil master when they were quite clear of the suburbs of Hentherthorp, " Mr. Arthui !" " Well, Mat, wh it's the discovery ? some one ahead of us ?" " No, sir, nowt o' that. And I suppose it wadn't fash either on us verra much if there was. Ye didu't happen to get a gliff ov awd Barjona as we passed bis house, eh ?" "No. certainly not. Barjona? Nor you either." A did, though. I saw his dowly awd head np at bedroom window. And venn pretty it leuk-d iv a wollen neetcap. Ha ! ha. All't totn'll knaw aboot our journey as sune as Eesoiu oppens shop." " Let it ! exchumed the Doctor, with energy. " What do I care ?" " And why sud ye, Mr, Arthur? 'specially about such a gauvison as awd Barjona. He's like a coo, wi' twen 'sides to his tung, a rough un nnd a smooth un; but neebody minds him, sir, cae matter which side he licks 'em with." After enunciating this profound bucolic figure with contemptuous gnsto. Crisp re- lapsed into silence, and again addressed himself to tuking it cut of Sillery's bit of horseflesh. Loynl to the letter but false to the spirit of her mistress's injunctions was Kate's maid. Miss Martha Burroughs. She was not going to bed till Ehe though fit. She was sure, indeed! Was she no letter than an African slave to be ordered off just when her mistress thought proper ?" Oh dear no ! Mrs. Baye, the housekeeper, and Mr. Jones, the gamekeeper' and Elizabeth Morrell, the etill-rcom maid, might severally and collect- ively depend upon it, as sure ns they were sitting there drinking that port wine negus, theie was something in the wind, and find out what that something was she would before she was many hours older. Perhaps the negus was too potent for Miss Burroughs, or. it may, that a lost sip with Mr. Jones (whose negus had the appearance nnd ndonr of gin-hot) was too many for her ; but by-and-bye she became emotional, and { w«t Im.1, «Kn.«»irf.,1ko.U«. Ska I should not cure, the-mid, if Kies'Wilson would only treat her with that confidence which one lady ought to bestow on another. Then the waxed hilarious, and declared, if Elizabeth would only accompany her, she would see Mr. Jones part of his way home. (Mr. J., it should be observed, was a single man and a thrifty, who had long been credited with a vast ad- miration-at a proper distance-of Miss Wilson's maid.) Mrs. Kaye was greatly scandalised by the proposal, but as Bur- roughs was not to be denied, the old lady at length consented,and the trio left The Place, Mrs. Baye having previously promised Eliza- beth to ait np until their return. The last carriage was rattling homeward .long the-main road; the musicians from Shipley were partaking of a substantial repast in the servants' hall, previous to their trudging to the station with a view to the earliest third- class train; Mrs. Baye was sleeping soundly, and demonstratively, in her easy chair, when the two fugitives, our bonny Kate arid her friend Sylvia, stepped from one of the drawing-room windows into the garden, and hurried thence to the en- trance of a footpath that led to the Heather thorp entrance to the grounds. " Oh, Syl," said Kate, " let ns go back. I feel ready to drop; I do, indeed; and I tremble all over." "When you are done trembling, wewin ~ proceed. What nonsense ! One would think you were going to your execution. Be a woman, Kate.-But there, I wiU do your bidding. Suppose we return ? We can unperceived too. What say yon ? ' | There was a brief paoBe, and then Kate, i galping down her emotion with a mighty effort, said, in a low but firm mice,." I am j ready." Sylvia kissed her, and Mid "I am soie you have chosen well. Yon will not regret , this night's adventure, believe nie." Just then, as though to hearten her and sniil« upon her resolve, the moon broke from behind a tbiek e-loud, and threw the shadowy features of the mysterious landscape into strong relief. Kate accepted the sudden radiance as a good omen. " How beautiful ! - Look, Sylvia, at those long fantastic shodowe." " Long fantastic fiddlesticks ! Pray don't linger. We must get among these long fan- tastic shadows if we are to escape observa- tion. It is very beautiful, I dare say ; but sine« we are not astrononiizing, nor studying light and" shade, it would have pleased rae better if this most impertinent moon had re- mained in bed. There, we are safe." They walked on in silence for some minutes, when Kate, clutchin* Sylvia sud- denly by the arm, said, in a whisper " Stay ! I can hear footsteps." " Yes ; and I enn hear footsteps." « What »lol! we do?" "Wait. Can you yet distinguish any- thing f" " Yes. Now I can. There are two Cgores. Surely they are not poichers ?" "Poachers!-tn' petticoats. Calm yow apprehensions, my darling. They approach, and I discover in one of these ncctural wan- derers your own maid Burroughs and in the i other that child Elizabeth." " The little still-room maid ? Whatever can they bo doing away from The Place at this hour?" . " I am not at ptvsent anxious to know ; but if you will please to conceal yourself ia the shadow of that oak. 1 will teach these silly women a lesson they will not speedily forget." Whereupon Miss Vandervelde took her | cloak, a sensibly-comfortable garment of considerable amplitude, and gathered it I deaf tly about her arms ; then stretching these forth in the form of the letter V, she appeared, as she stood out conspicuously in the moonlight, as eerie and preternaturally gigantic a figure as onld well be conceived. There was not enough wind to stir the lightest leaf, and this singular stillness materially aided the success of her im- promptu stratagem. She moved on slowly and stcathily.as yet unmarked by Burroughs and her companion, and Kate for a moment forgot herself and Arthur in the supremely ridiculous ecstney of the situation. She would have given anything for liberty to laugh, but, as it was, she hardly allowed her- self to breathe. ¡sylvia was now full in the path of Bur- roughs and Elizabeth. They saw her, and clinging closely to each other, carne to a full stop. In awfully cavernous tones Sylvia declaimed what seemed to Kate's English ear two lines of a German folk-song she had once heard her friend sing. Then, while moving in the most extraordinary fashion, Miss Vandervelde poured forth a torrent of Teutonic gutturals, and finally exclaimed, after the traditional manner of provincial Lady Macbeths in the sleep-walking scene " Begone ! Loot not behind ye ! or,-or beware my l'engeance ! " There was no need for the ghost of the minute to utter a syllable moie. Burroughs and Elizabeth, tho latter indulging in a scream that w>.uld have done honour to the most powerful female lungs of modern melodrama, turned and fled, pausing not for breath until they reached the hall, at a door of which, utterly exhausted by their terrific effort, they floundered. '* Oh, Miss Burroughs !" " Oh, 'Lizabeth !" '* Open the door, Miss Burroughs-do." '. Not for the world. You must. Elizabeth. lt'B your duty. That dreadful, dreadful spectre !" " Hush '.-listen ', There's footsteps." "I know I shall faint. Hark !" " Who's there ?" said on elderly female voice at the other side of the door. The maidens huddled themselves into smaller compass, but did not deign to reply. Indeed they could not have replied if they had made the attempt. " Who's there, I say ? If you dou't speak it will be worse for you." "It's me, Mrs. Kaye," at length feebly articulated the exhausted still-room maid. '. Who's me ?-Elizabeth ? " " Yes. 'ni." A bolt was withdrawn, and Mrs. Raye opened the door. Her slumbers had been rudely distut bed and she was wroth. " What is the meaning of all this rubbish? Miss Burroughs, I am surprised at you, and como what may. Miss Wilson shall know my sentiments. Elizabeth, go to bed; and if you don't tread your shoes very level, Miss, you shall go altogether ; mind you that ! This comes of gallirantin' with men." Burroughs was dumb. She stared at the housekeeper in haggard response to that estimable lady's stern rebuke, groaned, and rushing into the apartment Mrs. Kaye called her own, sunk into a chair, and fainted away in light do.vn earnest. " Well, here's a pretty to-do. Eliza- beth! Elizabeth, I say. She is in the sulks, I suppose. Elizabeth ! Her vehement summons was unheeded, and Mrs. Raye, by this time enraged beyond endurance, tugged vigorously at the first bell which came to hand, and the loud clang penetrated into the utmost recesses of the sleeping mansion It produced an effect, too, which the raffled housekeeper hud not bargained for. " Oh ! what shall I no? There's master's bell. I've noke him; he will never forgive me. Elizabeth, you disobedient girl, ion upstairs and see what your master wants, while Hook to this idiot here." That idiot there, otherwise Martha Bur- roughs, required seeing to. It was a case that admitted no nonsense, so Mrs. Brye, eschewing the mild and correct remedies for feminine tainting that are affected in society, heated Miss Wilson's own maid to a copious douche, which brought about an instantaneous cure. The patient unclosed her eyes, and stared wildly around her. At that moment erring Elizabeth, looking as wild as her quondam companion, rushed into the apart- ment. " Well?" sharply interrogated her superior. ¡ -'??Wwttmn«.Mik..l|MHtUa'al I Master is nearly mad. When I tried to tell him about the mistake you had made with the bell, ' Tell Miss Wilson I want her, if she has not retired to rest.' 1 knocked at Miss Wilson's door, and as there was no answer, I opened it. Oh, Mrs. Raye, Mrs. Raye, Miss Katherine is gone !" "Gone! !" " Gone ! ! !" repeated Burroughs, starting to her feet. "And whcre's Miss Vander- velde?" "She's gone too! Both young ladies* rooms are empty." "Ah ! I see it all now !-the ghost-the ghost !" What does she mean f Ridiculous creature that she ia !" Before Mrs. Baye could repeat the question she bad put with such an air of desperate bewilderment. Bur- roughs had rushed from the room, and, oblivious of the proprieties, invaded Mr. Wilson's. In agitated tones she told the Squire of the figures she had seen in the grounds, which figure she took for a ghost ; further, she made bim acquainted with Miss Wilson's and Miss Vandervelde'« remarkable earnest desire for her-Martha Burroughs' early retirement to rest. Mr. Wilson ought depend upon it that the ghost was flesh and blood-one of Miss Vandervelde's outlandish trick to terrify her and Elizabeth and throw them off the scent It was not for her to say a word against Miss Wilson, bnt since Doctor Sutton-" "Well, what of him?" shouted Mr. Wilson. "Oh! nothing sir; only he waa the first gentleman to leave the party ; and Jobson who assisted him to mount, said he would not have rode at that pace for fifty pounds." (to ?? cojrmrnD.) 