" A L M A." IKs Original austkamas (All It'oM* h'ficrtcd.) I' CHAPTER LV. lis C0C8I—inB CA3C roil TUB FLitNTIT?. IS HAROLD STEPHEN, Ef.Q.,, ALP.' ?? ; ||- OF KEff 6017Trf WAMSS. } , phew w?3 a good Gathering in tbo court rjICoomon Pleas when tho o iso, Doo on tbo Sjiiaol J&tnes; rrrttu Sir Charles gHutb, wts o died ou for trial. Tbo .defend- lii?s well-known bath in faehionablo and Sjmnercial circle?, end not a (aw members Jlfcs Ujipor Ten Thoneand bad oomo to jfatihsealebriiteil cue, which involved tho guiclcn o! tho rival o!aimant<>, m will as ttsdUpoaal of a fortune. Bunco Haw ggjra was them, ia gToat forco, shaking Sad!Tithererjbo.lv worth shaking hands fjlb. and in tho cure of great py, and nun of poeitioa, tho latest on-diti $BKrningth?e?c.- ISThen, too, thera was a great mueterin? of gjjtkgil profusion, it being understood that lenElct charges of forgery, and conspiracy to ?ottai, would bo brought against tha soliot- of the parties to tho suit. SjiQloar pirtiwlar friends, thoro woro pra |?it: Sir Chir'iM North, Mr. and Mrs. Dirt [liedfg&r;, Monsieur Brantoma (who had oomo sjsrlron Peris for the express purpose) and jjjjlh Firkins. sfHwry L?scelles and his brido wera absent, Ij?lhiTin? yot rotarned from their wedding. Jtu; whilst Bdrtio Lenoarto had, tor some !,swphinablo reason, refused to attond tho ;triil, md had goao back to Paris a few doya jwtionilj, after a flying visit to London. £.BjtbsBidaof Ifr. Tawtlethwaito, eat the ;|Wes!or, looking o.ueworn and nnxions; piSuraner was not in court, it having baon SfeMed that ha should not put in rtn appear- Sfccs uotil tha last moment. £j Oa the bsnch. Bit tho Lord Chief Juetioo, ijjiboM aids soits had boon placed for some ;Jwiei o! nn%, who had come there in aearoh mu:h in the came spirit aa ;{ftej soald h?ve gono to a theatro or a con |?:t gJThe necessary preliminaries having been joae through, Mr.Bumptious Q. 0. roso, and, jjikhing np his Rown, proceoded to etato tho |JBM for tho plaintiff. lie was a huge, un ||ieldljrgentlem?n, with deop-eot eyoa ovor^ by caormona gray eyebrows, a long, r.jendaloiH noe-3, daintily flookod with WMpoti towards th 3 tip, and a large, WcUipped mouth, whioh ho occasionally ppened, end then shut with a loud snap.tvhioh ;|WTod very eflootiva in terrifying a timid ntneji. |i?M?yit pkaeo your lordship, gentlemon ?iie mry," be began, " nover in tho coarso £.? i long career, haa it been my fate to ;e?mpion s c&uao; whioh ia bo palpably that I-Wiiatli and justice as that of my client in ?Pj"stance, it ig our unhappy fr.to often few be brought face to face with crime, and our are supposed to bo dead to all tho psfcoie tender emotiona of tho human nature f To? eertein extent, this ie true. We, who HJw dsily to plead tho cause of the oppressed WW unfortunate, cannot afford to givo way ||? our feelings on every ocoaeion. Wo a?a fewtnpelled, bo to cay, to bottla up our eym pthiM, in order to avoid the wear nnd tear jgjnuen would result if we gavothem freo vent. |#ocein a while, however, it happona that |W e ??M?ta cannot etool bis heart to the |?0?ol ha client, and euoh ie tho oaeo with |JnjeeU in now addrcasing you."—Hero the bjttrned gentleman paused, and.cxtrioating a feftogj, enuS-Btainod bandanna handkerohiel IP m . 5 1, coat-tails, applied it to hia nose with Hia voice, when he IJaamed, w&a; low and broken, but he aoon peered Birengtb. and thundered as loudly he was wont. t" 0 j tinued: " M y client oomea before m thfe day seeking to roeono tho home of SW" ,55 a 'f B,tot ? tho ruthless grasp of tho fff- ?' comM bringing with him the ffl" Cb,ld / en ol his btother . who have *-S? en mado vlotim? ol thia mo?t treaoher- Ct a t empt ?.,! raad - *am hero reminded |ttrt these children, who have been to my S£ l t Mhi i?.u n,,mvebeon Pranged from through the arts of hia wily opponents! gU.their interests are identical with hie, and $dti?.* c ,, hM . etorn the maal£ froa > *ace rsto?w ce, ,lf wiU onoe moto lettrn ?£ I l he valuo o! the affcotion they rtowe of late been taught to reject and desni?e. Cm 8 } 3 briefly ?W?:-.omo time'last m ? 9 Troaegar, a gentleman of dwablo wealth, died, leaving behind him % t b ? i JV S tho bulk of his property CZI tt , a lro '?Mor Tredegar, ana ?W. l lb a Cf \ aole3 t0 h ? household eerl SiT oI who , ra had ECrvod him faith. W..,!"? , , Wo BhaU i> rovo * btt t this C 7*' eMcnt ? a on tho v ?y day of tho tea f* Sl ? of hw faoultied." J t0 tai3e 0?. l point," fiinVX r!!'^ ropUea M " c ??Ptiou3. "It ? ti's 111 SJ ', C! V f yoa Mr. Bump- Wr .n7 d tb ' 3 reU, " k in hU i o = ul " parly oxeontod, yon will wondor why we ooma into court ot all—tho explanation KOl in tho faot that tho defendant olaims the wholo of the onormons property of the late Jamo3 Tradegar—a property whiob, lam oredibly informed, yields, or ia oapablo of jrielding, an annual income of over twelve thousand ponnda, ba.iido* a largo house in London, and very valuable personal offecta— I aay, tho defondant olainn all this under a deoa of transfer, purporting to havo been made yoars previouely.for whioh tho absurdly inadequate consideration was an annuity of fivo thousand pounds 1 I ask you now, is it poaaiblo to believe that a keen man of busi ness, like tho lato Mr. Tredegar, who was, in I tho main, the founder of his own immonao I fortune, would have boon guilty of such an aotof folly? The defendant, cooing how hopeless it would ba to make any twelvo men of ordinary intelligence believe such a story, has sought to bolster up his oaso by a letter from tho late Mr. Tredogar, in whioh ho is supposed to give as hie reason for euoh an ex traordinary prooooding, tho extreme distrust ho had of my oliont, his son, Stephen, who, ho is mado to say, is a very monster of ini gaity, and oapablo of any crime I Tho ab surdity of eaah an acousation is even more patent than tho absurdity of the pretended transfor. Stephon Tredegar is a man ot soionoe—a gentloman who has lived for many yoars in a seoludod village in Ger many, whore he pursued his rooation 03 a chemist of the higher order. Thoro he brought up the children of his dcooased , brothor, loading with them a harmless, blameless life. If ho wero tho aatuto villain tho defenoo would make out, is it likely that ho would havo been content with each a humble, retired life? Would he not rather havo utilized his talents for intrigue, and os tabliahod himself ia sorao groat oity where his talonts would havo a flold for display ? The lottor, I roferrod to—as ram instructed, a most impudent forgery — alleges that Stephen was in league with his father's soli citor, and that tho two would infallibly com bine to obtain the property somehow—if co, why did not the oldor Tredogar diemies thie solicitor, and employ some othot in whom ho could confidently rely ? You will boo that, in ordor to sustain this dood of tranefer, it was 'absolutely necessary to blacken the character of the solicitor, who, under ordi nary ciroamatanoea, would have been en trusted with its preparation. Tho loiter contains also a vagus threat of some formid able disclosure affecting the moral oharaoter Of my olient. I need sc&rcoly; say that we have nothing to do with that. If Stephen Trodogar woro tho greatest villain in Eng. lend, it could not affaot his right to his fither'a property; but thero is deep malice in thie threat. Any acoueation will always BJnjowbat taint tho chnraater of the purest of mon, and most especially when it is vague and undefined. Some motive was ncoes'sary to asoount for the singular animosity whioh the defondant wishes you to believe that Jntnea Trcdegar cherished for his son and natural heir, and refuge baa been taken in cawardly insinuation. Bub the real case tor tbo defence lioa in tho unimpeaohable ovi donco afforded by tho bank books of James Tredegar and Sir Charles North, whioh Tiloarly show that largo sums of money were p-iia by tho former to the latter, and that annual payments of fivo thousand pounds wore mado in return. Thoy oontond that tho sums paid by Jamca Trodegar wero tho rents of tho estates, and that tho payments of Sir Charles North represented tho annuity. But I shall be able to placo thoaa transactions be fore you iv a very different light. For many j years, the elder Tredegnr and the defendant i speculated largely togother in a species of informal partnership. Tho same books will show that largo euina of money constantly passed between them, and I am advised that tho payments, upon whioh the case for the defenoo rests, were either made in pursuit ot such speculation, or, which seems to mc more probable, that n considerable loan has been mado to Sir Charlea by the deooased upon condition of repayment by annnal in stalments of five thousand pounds. I must diroot your attontion to the great probability that tho idea of this bill of transfer was first (suggested by theso monoy transactions, which coulil ba made co ecrvioable, in sup porting by apparently unimpoaohable evi dence tho supposed ealo to tbo defondant. You will alas ba told by tho defenoe, that Jamee Tredegar was in the habit of making wills, for the purpoao of leaving his solicitor j in doubt as to his final intontiona. Was there ever a moro lame attempt at explaining j away a difficulty ? Like many rich men, tho late Mr. Tredegar wa3 much oxoroisod in mind with rcferenoo to tho final disposition , of his property, and having no epooially loved one amongst hia relations and friends, he ohanged hia mind very often, fiat granting, j for the pake of argument, that ho was actu ated by tho suggested motive, in mailing so many wills, ia it not in tho last degree, im- j probable that ho would carry on this decep- ' tion whilst he lay in articulo mortis —in tho j very jawa of death? At such an awful time I when tho portals of the unseen world woro gaping to admit him, would he—could he— 1 busy himself about such & trivial matter as I deceiving bis solicitor ? Soon an ac.t wonld, in itaolf, ba ovidenoe of snob, a morbid oon dition of tho brain as oould only bo regarded as insanity. Dying men do not oeoupy themaelvea in telling Hea with their last broath—or, if they do, they cannot bo sane; and wo shall show most conclusively that tho togtator was in fall possession of his faculties, although tho powor of speech had almost left him. I will not further oooupy tho time ot the oonrt, aa I am satisfied I havo said enough to show to you the mon strous nature of the oonspiraoy to which my unfprJunate olient has fallen a viotim. Call Jo3iah Thiatlethwaita." Tho solicitor took his stand in the witness box with a jaunty, self-satiefled air, whioh was, in trntb, assumed for the purpose of conoealing the nervousness ho oould not help feeling at tho prospeot of the ordeal beforo. him. In reply to one of tho junior counsel lot tho plaintiff, ha dopoaod that ho had aated aa aoUoitor and confidential agent to the lato Mr. Jatneu Trodegar for many years, that he had proparod many willa by tho direotion ol tho deceased goutloman, and that tho last of theao—-the one under which the plaintiff olaimod tho property—had been exeouted in hie presenoe, after having baen read over by tho dcooasod in tho presence of tho .attesting witnes3oa. Mr. Jamea Tredogar, he con tinued, was ablo to oonvoreo with him during tbo oarlior part of their interview, and was certainly in full possession o! hie faoultioa, but ho gradually beoamo so weak that the exottion of talking beoame too great for him, and (if tho witness remembered aright) he signified his approval ol the will, In the prc9euoa of tho \vitneaeo9 , by a Bimpla monyeyllablo and a bond of his head. Wit nos3 was thoroughly conversant with Jamoa Tredegar'a affaire, and had no reason what ever to suspeoi thu oxiatonoo of any deed of trausfer auoh ns that nnder which. Sir Charlos North had ontsrod into poeeeaaion of tha property. Tho consideration of an annuity of five thousand pounds was utterly inadequate, as tho revenuos of the estate never wero loaa than ten thousand pounds per annum. Ho know that Mr. Jame3 Tro dowr and the defendant, Sir Charles North, had speculated together, although he had personally ncvor been brought in oontaat with Sir Charle3, the business heSween thorn being, ho supposed, transaotod by a share broker, Questioned as to the relations sub. sitting bsmg the deceased gentleman and ?feVJH , St ??j ei l , Mr, Th ?"tl='bwaito eaid that they had been estranged for many ran, owing to eomo lore affair of which £ I 4. 5 ?PP rOTed - Dad known Mr. Stephen Tredegar. und done bueinejj (o? nira. Never heard the eldest Tredegar allogo that bis eon had been guilty of any offence beyond that mentioned, and had reason to bolleve that the old gentleman would have'roadily become reoonoiled to him, had Stephon presented himself for tho pur- PO3O, as ho (witness) had often urged him to ,do. Believed that Mr. Stephen Tredegar had Bomo position in tho scientific world, and held the title of Professor, owing to his having hold snoh a position at a German university. The children of tho elder son, JameiJ, long *inec deceased, had been edu cated at the ooet of their uncle Stephen, who* had adopted them on the death of their parents, eomo thirteen or fourteen years ago. Had heard the older Tredegar speak in torms of oommendation of this action on tho part of his eon Stephen, and believed that his last will was made in accordance with that feel ing. Tho witnesses to that will were trades men residing in the neighborhood of the deooaied, who had boon oalled in for the purpose, as legaciea had been left to all tho members of the household. Mr. Curtis, ono of the junior counsel for the defendant, began his cross-examination by asking Mr. Joeiah Thiatlethwaite whether he was the same gentleman who had recently bean accused of malpractice. Thie quostion was objeotod to by Mr. Bumptious, and ruled inadmissible by tho Court—but the end wbb obtained all the same—tho jnry were made to understand that tho witness had boon engaged in come transaction which had been considered by some pa eon or other as infamous.' This 19 a favorite method of prooedure in courts of justice, barristers being perfectly satisfied to put a question which thoy know will not be permitted, but which servoa their purpose in damaging tho obaraoter of a witness, often, indeed, more than if the answers are forthcoming. After some unimportant qnoetiona, Mr. Curtis asked whether Mr. Thistlethwaite was not in tho habit of corresponding with Mr. Stephen Tredegar. " I wroto to him occasionally when the business which I was transacting for him re quirod it," was the answer. "And, of course, you did not always Btrictly confine yourself to business?" "It do notjeuppose any man of business is in the habit ol mixing up other matters with his business," replied Mr. Thistlethwaite. " I know that I am not." " Will yon ewear that it was not in conao quenoo of a letter sent by you that Stephen Tredngar oamo over to England a day or two previous to hia father's death?" The witness hesitated, reflecting that it might be possible that come of his letters had fallen into the hands of tho plaintiff through Alma or Dart Tredegar, but ho was saved by Mr. Bumptious, who objected to the ques tion. "I am anxious to establish thofaoi that a conspiracy existed between tho witnoss and the plaintiff," said Mr. Curtis. " The quos tion is, I submit, admiesible." "Not oertainly in that form, Mr. Curtis," said the Chief Justioe. " The witness could not possibly give ovidenoe as to the motive of tho plaintiff." " Then, my lord, I will put it this way : Did you write to tho plaintiff informing him that his father was dying ?" After further argument.Mr. Thistlethwaite was obliged to reply that it was possible he might have mentioned the faot as he was then in correspondence with the plaintiff upon another matter. Mr. Bumptious objeoted here to tho lino of crocs- examination adopted by his learned friend. They wero not their to try tho validity ot the will under whioh the plaintiff claimed, but to decide upon the valuo of the deed of tranefer. Probato bad been taken out in due coarse, and a verdiot in favor of tho plaintiff would not establish his right to tho property as against claimants under any previous will, bat would merely nulify tho title ol Sir Charlos North. To insiriuato, thereforo, that thero was anything wrong about the will, was merely to waste the timo of tho court. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll differed from his learned friend. The locus itandi of the plaintiff must first bo definitely settled. It must boclcarly shown that he had a right to appear in that court as a claimant. His claim must come under consideration before that of tho defendant was dealt with at all. Moreover, what was the object of putting in evidence with reference to tho will if the question of its validity had no bearing on the oasor The defendant was entitled to ques tion their right as much ac they were entitled to question hir. After a long argument, in whiob all the oounsel onoa?ed in the case took part, the court dooided with Serjeant Jeykll, ana the orosa ? examination was renamed. But nothing of any importance transpired ? Mr. Josiiih Thist'.othwaito had told his tale, ana edherod to it, submitting to a badgering which lasted for over two houra without lotting his opponents eooro another point against him. "Did yoa aoe him after the will was maao ? asked Mr. Ourtia in erose-examina tion. " I flaw him twioa on that aay, I flna on raferencelto my book, but I could not possibly tell whether he bad then made his will or cot," waa the reply. " Was he in tho habit of talking to you abont bis affaire ? Did be tell you he bad mado a will that day t" " I had known Mr. James Tredegar (or many years, and always found him, like most euceoseful men of business, very reticent. We never conversed .about ]hia private af fairs." " Then ho might have made a will that day?" asked Mr. Walton, counsel foz the plaintiff, when Mr. Curtis bad resumed bis ?eat. " Ho might—l see no reaon why he ahonld not havo done so," the doctor replied, and the examination ended. Jabez Hooker then deposed that bo bad witnessed the will in queetion.whioh waa read over in his presenoo to the deceased gentle man, and approved by him before he signed it. "Is it not unusual (or witnesses to be made acquainted with the nature of a will they are witnessing ?" asked Mr. Curtis. Witness knew nothing about it. Had never witnessed a will before, and never wished to witness one again. Was a strag gling tradesman with a largo family, and thought it hard linee that, just because be bad obliged a customer by witnessing his will, be should bo dragged away from his shop, and kept dangling about the court day after day for almost nothing. Mr. Bumptious interjected that the will had beon read over in the presence of tho witnesses because of tho condition of the deceased gentleman, and by his express desire. There could be no object in keeping its provisions secret, as ho was at tho point of death, and all would be known in a few hours. "Yon saw Mr. Tredegar sign tho will?" continued Mr. Curtis. "Yea." " Yon are snre it was Mr. Trodegar ? You knew him well?" "I knowed him well enough. Anyhow, are it likely as anyone else could bo α-eettia' in Mr. Tredegar'e bed in his own room ?" John Stiles testified io thoaame effect as tho last witness, but added that the room was so dark he could not very well distinguish tho features of the testator. " Do you doubt that it was ho, then ?'' asked Mr. Curtia, eagerly. " No, air—it was him sure enough, but the room was darkish, and there was heavy cur. tainjon the bed,eo thai I remember wonder* ing how he could eeo to write hie name." . The Into Mr. Trcdegar'a buller and boufc keeper were then called ond gave evidence as to their master's sanity, but, as it was shown that they were direcily interested in the nuocesa of the plaintiff, being expestant legatees under the will in qneelion, their evidence conld not bo regarded as of much valne. Mr, Sterling, a ebare-broker, deposed that ho had transacted mnoh busineps in shares for Sir Charles North ond the late Mr. Trc degar; that bo had been in the habit ol paying to, and receiving money from, oither of the two gentleman, on thoir j jint account, ond that his connection with them had sub. siated for Homo years, daring which'ho had alwaye regarded them as partners, at lea?t as far as speculation in stock and shares wore concerned. Being asked in cross-examination whether he had not kept acoonnt of Buoh sums paid and received, no said that ho had, bat that, unfortunately, hie books had perished in a fire some months previously, and it would bo utterly impossible for him to remember what monies he had paid or received on acoonnt of the two gentlemen. Hβ further added that, even if the booka wero producible, they wonld only have shown the transactions cd. tered under the names of-North andTredegt* aa partners, no memorandum having been kept as to which of tho two gentlemen made or received the payments. The case for the plaintiff olosod here, and, ns it was then late in the afternoon the court adjourned until the following day. CHAPTER I*VI. 188 CiSB SOU TUB DEFENDIKT. On the resumption of the oaso, on the fal lowing morning, thero woa even a larger at tendance of tho publio than .there had been on the first day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated the case for tho defence as follows: - "My lord, gentlemen of the jury—my learned friend began yesterday by telling you how deeply his heart was touched by the pathetic condition in which his client baa been placed by the defendant. I shall begin by telling you that my feelings also are in terested in this case, in as muoh as I oannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pre tensions of tbo plaintiff, baEed as they are upon the unwarrantable assumption that my client, Sir Charles North, a gentleman widely known and esteemed, has leagued himself with one of the moat respeoted solicitors of this city to defraud by means of forgery and perjury. For, it the ease for the plaintiff be true, these gentlemen must have entered into euoh a conspiracy, and been guilty of such Crimea. I shall soon show you, however, upon how rotten a foundation this oharge is based, and how, in reality, the guilt is with those who make the oharge. In the first place it is necessary to consider the olaim made by tho plaintiff ander the supposed will of which so much has been said. Hie lord ehip will not fail to tell yon, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless you aro thoroughly Battened that this will is genuine, it will bo your duty to return a verdict for the defendant, withoat taking into your consideration the deed of transfer under which ho now bolda the pro perty at issue. I must ask yon distinctly to pndorstandtbataverdictfor the defendantwiU in nowiaa bar any future olaim which may be made by p-raons fancying themselves entitled under any other will, but will bo merely an exproesion of opinion on your part that the will wo aro now dealing with waa not made by James Tredegar, or was not a genuine- ex pression of hie last wishes. For, I beg yon to remark that it by no means follows, even if you nra satisQcd that ho executed that will, that it waa a hona-julc expression of hia in tentions with roforence to the disposal of hie proporty_. Our ease ia that he made many willg, with a view to deceive his solicitor, who now acts for the olaimant, and wo con tend that, even if tho will in [question were genuine, it was merely intended aa a blind. But I am in hopes that I shall bo ablo to show oloarly that the will is merely an impn" dent forgery. Lot ua now consider whet the plaintiff's witnesses have to cay with reference to this matter. Mr. Thiatlethwaite says he prepared many wills for the deceased gentle man, thus admitting a most important fact. He also admitted that he had been in correa pocdenoo with tho plaintiff, and might have informed him of his father'e illness, and urged him to oome over to England at once." " Mr. Thistlethwaito did not say that ho might havo. urged the plaintiff to eome< to England, he merely admitted that, as be was in correspondence with Stephen Tredegar, on other matters, at the time, he might have informed that gentleman of hie father's illnesa," interjected Mr. Bump, tious. "My learned friend may be right," said Serjeant Jekyll, ?? but it is of no real conso. quenoe.for the witness admitted that a letter whiota was ehown to him was apparently in nia own handwriting, and that letter will show conclusively that, not only did ho urge Stephen Trodegar to oomo over at onoe, bat that he wroto to him for no other purpose, Let mc now direct your attention to tho peon liar oireuaietanoes attendant upon tho exe cution of this extraordinary will. The soli citor swears that tho testator waa too ill to epeak in the presence of the witnesses; Jabez Hooker and John Stiloa swear that it was read over to them before it was executed—a most unusual coarse of procedure, as Hie Lordship will tell yoa—and John Stiles swore that tho room was so dark that he could not well distinguish the features of the deceased gentleman. These witnesses were compara tive strangers to the testator, being merely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had boen the habit of dealing, who had been called in to witness the will beoauee legaoies were left to all tho servants of the household. This ia a very convenient vray of securing a body of useful allies, and, at the e.ime time, Beouring the absence from the room of per* sons intimately acquainted with the deceased. What will you think, gentlemen, when I tell you that James Tredegar was not in that room at all ?" Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill of ex pectation was noticeable throughout tho court, tho case was becoming exciting. Many eyes wero turned on the Professor and Thistlethwaite, who exchanged a hurried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptious. They both looked pale and anxious, but Ser jeant Jekyll alone had noticed tho slight start, and rapid interchange of glances, with which his announcement had been received by them. He resumed: " Yee, gentleman, inoredible ac it may at firat appear to you, I assert that James Tredegar had no more to do with that will than you or I. I do not impugn tho testimony of the witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word they said, but they wero deceived in enpposing that James Tredegar signed that will, for the person who did it was hie son, the plaintiS, Stephen Tredegar 1" This denunciation, the learned gentleman deliverod with tremendous force, nnd, for a moment, the Professor, upon whom all eyes were turned, winced, as if under the lash of a whip. Whence had they derived the informa tion upon which this aocusation wasfounded? Ho knew not—ho could not imagine how a secret only known to himself and Thietlo thwaito had been betrayed. Turning to hia lawyer who eat by his side, ho asked, by b glan:e, tho question he dared not giro utter ance to. Thistlethwaite, pale S9 a ghost, had yet presence of mind enough to shrug hie shoulders, Qβ if insinuating that theacoiea tion wbs merely a trumped-up charge, of a ?ieoe with the rest of the caea for the defence, 'hie pantocaine did occupy a minute, whilst the serjeant was wiping his brow, and drinking some water. "Gontlomon of the jary," he continued, " by a special act of Providence, we have been placed in possession of the faots of this de testablo conspiracy; fox the real troth cf the Impersonation was known only to the gnilty parties themielvea ; bat, out of their own months, we shall oonviet them. Wβ might close our case here, but I shall not rest until I have thoroughly convinced yon of the truth and honor of my ea teemed client, Sir Charles North, and his solicitor, Mr. Freeman. I shall produce witnesses who will swear to the lignatnres on the deed of transfer—experts, men of -business and personal friends of the deoeaeed, and I believe that in face of their testimony, you will entertain no shadow of donbt that it is a genuine document. You have been told that my client and the late Mr. Tredepar speoulated largely together, and that the various payment* between the two gentlemen, whioh, we contend, were in par ?nit of the contract made by the deed of [ tranefer, were, in reality, but incidental to euoh speculation. It happens, most unfor tunately, that the boobs of the broker who was employed by them, were des troyed, but we shall produce receipts and entries in ledgers whioh I ' think yon will have no difficulty in acknowledging as genuine, and'the important taot must not be overlooked by yon that tha payment of five thousand pounds was made at regular intervals by Sir Oharlea North, whioh oould loarcely be the case it H were in pursuance of haphazard speculation in stock and shares. With reference to the theory that a large loan had been made by Tredegar to North, I shall only point ont its extreme improba bility, aa Sir Charlee North's banker will prove conclusively that he was never in want of money within his (the banker's) knowledge, and that his drafts would always have been honored to a very large amount in excess of his balanoe. The faorf sa that the case of the plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, as far as the deed of transfer is concerned. The theory of my learned friend involves the supposition, not only that more than one forgery has been com mitted by Sir Charlee North, or at his in etance, and that various respectable persons are willing to perjure themselves, but it also involves the supposition that a series ot ooinoidences have occurred which have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. This Iβ a violent assumption whioh would only be warrantable if faota supported it; as it is, it is the ' baseless fabrio of q vision'—as airy and unsubstantial as a Willo'-tha-wiep. I will now—before dealing with the plaintiff's claim under the enpposed will—proceed to establish our posi tion with reference to the deed of trans fer. Sir Charles North then entered the witness box, and deposed that he was the defendant. Had known the late James Tredegar for many years, and been asaooiated with him in many speculations. Received one day a letter from him (produoed) in accordance with which the deed ot transfer was prepared ? and executed. Sir Charles then gave a long explanation of all the circumstances of the. case known to the reader, and produced a number oi receipts, letters, bank-books Ac Hewaa eubjeoted to a prolonged cross examination by Mr. Bumptious, who strove in vain to make him loose hie temper or contradict himself, and, on taking hie seat, was congratulated by Serjeant Jekyll upon his behaviour in the witness- box. Amongst other questions, ho had been asked whether he had not sought to detach Dart and Alma Tredegar from their nnole. Sir Charles admitted that ho had offered thorn a house, being satisfied that tho Pro fessor had only borne the oost and trouble o( their ednoation for the purpose of ingratiat ing himself with hie father; he added that in co doing he was merely carrying out the wishes of the cider Tredegar, who had urged him to adopt the ohildren it he found them worthy. Sir Charles also said that, if ho were successful in the suit, it was hie inten tion to divide the property equally be tween Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at once. This announcement caused some sensation in court, and Mr. Bumptious audibly re marked that it was merely an attempt to oatoh tho sympathies of the jury. The next witness was Mr. Freeman, who also had nothing to tell that is not known to the reader, and was likewise subjected to much badgering by the counsel for the plaintiff. Two clerks in the employ of Messrs Free man and Truelove then deposed that the signature of Thomas Samncr to the deed of transfer wan, in their opinion, genuine, and that the body of the instrument appeared nlso to be written by him. Sumner bad been often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as he occupied the position of confidential clerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on account of his dissipated habits, which had led to fre quent absences from the office, and late atten dance in tho morning. Knew nothing else against him. The manager and the accountant of the bank with which the late James Tredegar did business, swore that the signaturo to the deed of transfer*was, to the best of their belief, bis; and produced books showing entries of sums received and paid in oonneo tion with the dealings between the deoeosed and Sir Charles North. An official from Doctor's Commons now produced the will under which the plaintiff claimed. Samuel Smithson, an expert of standing! was then examined. With reference to the deed of transfer, he was of opinion on com paring it with other documents in the hand writing of Thomas Sumner that it was genuine Being asked to look at the will he said that the signature of James Tredegar (attached to it) appeared also to bo real, but, having learned that it was supposed to have been written whilst the deceased gentleman was Bpeeohless, and in extremis, he had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as a forgery. No man could, nnder suoh circum stances, write his name in his ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signa tures obtained under almost similiar oircum stances, and in no single instance was there one which bore more than a general shaky resemblance to the signatures of the persons whilst in health. Mr. Curtis then handed the witness some letters, and asked him to compare the writing and signatures, and say whether, in his opinion, they were all written by tho same hand. Mr. Smitheon examined them long and carefully, and said that they were most un doubtedly so written, addiug that oorrobora tive evidence was afforded by the paper whioh bore the same water-moiE and the printed address at the commencement of the letters, in whioh the peculiarity might be noticed that the tail of tho numeral " 2" was miseiug in all, thns showing that the typo need had beon broken, and that all had been printed at the same time. lit. Bumptious asked to tec the letters in question. " All in good time, my friend," said Mr* Curtis. " Ono of them is the letter from Thietlethwaito to the plaintiff, which has been already before the court. You will have an opportunity for inspecting them all presently.' 1 Iα oionexaniniog this witness, Mr, Bumptious strove hard to lessen tho tact o! his testimony by asking him whether, alter all. questions aa to the genuineness of eigna tnrce were not merely mattera of opinion, and whether it was not possible that other experts, equally skilled with himself, might not hold a contrary opinion, to his '&?., &o.; But Mr. Smithson was well used to the witness-box, and had been esked questions too often to feel embarrassed, he replied, after each fashion that Mr. Bucrfp tious might as well have left the questions unasked. Another expert then gave airailiar evidence, and was suffered to leave the box without oross- examination. To him sucoaeded a well-known physician of high standing, who swore that, in tho condition that James Trodegar was said to bo, it wonld be almost impossible for him to use snob, muscular exertion as would bs re quired to write his signature in his ordinary manner. " Might not," asked Mr. Walton in arose examination for the plaintiff. " Might not a dying man braoe himself to an effort under such oiroumstances, and write, for a minute, as usual ?" " Well, it ie jaet possible, and that is all," replied the witness. Another dootor gave similiar evidenoe, and then there was some stir in the ooart, as Mr. Curtis called " Henry Lasoelles." OHAPTEB LVII. ? THE BUCKET KECEBS. I think that tho reader, who has followed the fortunes of my heroine and her lover thus far, would not believe mo it I attempted to looate their honeymoon anywhere else than in Grabenthal. That sequestered village was endeared to them by so many pleasant reoolleotions that it seemed the most natural thing in the world for them to return to it to enjoy the fruition of their loves. There was no argument on the point, neither knew which made the suggestion, nor even when it was made; and tho expression of their in tention caused no surprise in their little oirole of friends. There, where Alma had wandered "in maiden meditation, fancy free"—there.where Dornroechea had dreamed her dream of love, and tasted the awakening kiss of her prince—there, where they had oooed their first notes of mutual admiration —there only, of all placee in the wide wide world, could they thoroughly realise tho blissful present, and speculate over tho roseate future. They made thoir entry into the villiage, after unpretentious fashion, by the Eil wagen; but Frau Werther had been advised of their' coming, and as joyful a procession of merry-makers had assembled to greet them, as if they had been the noble Graf and Grafinn, whose ancestral ruins frowned down upon the valley in rebuke of such frivolities. There were maidens, looking like bo many Qretohens ready to go on in the opera of Faust, yellow-haired, short-kilted, wreath bearing; bunchtn blushing and bowing ; old men and old woman in attire magnificent with brazen ornaments —in fact, it was high holiday in the village, and everybody was there to do the young people honor. Foremost to greet them—the place was his by right—was the Herr Pastor, silver-haired, and rusty of clothing; but hia old eyes "beamed with delight, and wedding-ribbons deoked his bat; whilst in hie hand be bore a . floral offering in tho shape of a hugo nosegay, which heifastened in Alma's waist-band, alter ho had given her a loving kisa of wel come. By rights, other village potentates should have followed the Pastor, but Gustl was not to bo denied, andgro3sly infringed the law of precedence, bursting through the throng.and casting her brawny arms around her former mistress' nook. Frau Wertber, bustling up to interpose, lost her head also, and soon all laws were for gotten—to ths terrible discDtnfituro of the village marshal of the ceremonies, who was not pacified until ho had inbibed so many sohoppen of beer as to be indifferent to any thing. Tno first transports of the meeting over, a procession was formed, and the young couple were ocudacted to the mill, whilst the looal baud played divers national air 3 suitable to the occasion. Hero a now trial awaited them, for they were compelled to hold a formal reception, which involved endless hand-ehakings and pretty epeeoiies, for every body, with the smallest pretension to be con sidered anybody, insisted upon paying hie or her reepcots to the bride and tho bride groom. " Thank Heaven, it is all over !" exolaimed Harry, when the last of the vieitors had de parted. "It has been the moet perfectly awful trial I have ever undergone in my life." " But your trials are not yet over, dear," said Alma, with a smile. " There ia to be a grand ball this evening, and yon will have to open the proceedings with the Frau Burg meisterinn." Harry groaned. " It's just my luck I" he said. " We come here—to the most out-of the-way seoluded spot in all Germany hoping to. bo left alone, and, by George, if wo had been the Crown Prince and Princess of Prussia they couldn't hare mado more pow wow over U3l" " And you are not pleased to find thatyoor little wife is not forgotten ?" " Oh, hang it, yes! I appreciate the com pliment, ohild; still, that does not make it the less a boro. But I am not going to make you unhappy, little one, and I promise I'll dance with the Burgomaster's wife, or any other frau you like, so long' as my feet last. Harry Lascelles had not forgotten hie ex periences on tho oooasion of Gustl's be trothal, and, very naturally, he dreaded the ordeal, which, however, he knew could not be evaded withont giving dire offence to the simple country folk, amongst whom his wife had paeaed so many happy yeara. The ball began at half past sevon, and lasted until one o'clock, which were the or thodox hours in Grabonthal for beginning and concluding suoh a " function." Harry, albeit somewhat awkward at first, comported himself manfully, and to the entire Batisf&o; tion the of villagers.who.one and all, declared that the young Fraulein had oertainly found ahueband worthy of herself. Notwithstanding the previous evening's dissipation, overybody was up and doing shortly after sunriee, and, after they had mado a hearty breakfast, our young friends started out for a ramblo; whioh onded, as might be expeotod, on tho heights of Buben etein, whioh looality was sacred to them as the placo of their first meeting. The Bomo old rook who hud witnessed their betrothal, sat upon tho same withered bough, and cawed his welcome as they ap proached. Be sura he recognised tho youth ful pair, whose love-making had called no such fond memories in his aged breast; hut, it he envied their happinese, ho could at least console himself by the reflection thatho T lo9, had tasted earthly happinesa— he, too, had lovod. Then they rooltne<i onjthe well-rcrocmboredi kuoll, and chattered protty t eil'y love-talk, until Alma deuiared that it was time to m> home, if they did not wish to break :tfrau werther'e heart by spoiling the dinner. "Aβ if wo could cat 1" exclaimed Harry reproachfully. ?' Just when I begin to fee! the divino afilatua stirring within my breast —just when I am thinking whal ? po*m I j conld write, if I gavo my mind to it—yoa break in with your prosaic reference to lood. Alma, lam ashamed of yoa 1" ?, " Maybe, what you mistake for. divine af-, flatus is only the incipient stage of Linger, desr," replied Alma, with a raorry laugh. ; " Como along, at least, if we are not hurgrjv wo ought not to be so poetically tt 1 !*!? an to forget that oar ho3ta may be more material'y inel'nsd." ??"?.:' That this view of the oaso was shared by the old rook, there can be no doubt, for, as Alma finished speaking, ha spread hin wing?, oawed hia farewell, and swept gracefully.; downward to the pine forest, to his accua-; tomed pastarnge. After dinner, Alma was carried off, willy nilly, by Frna Werther, in order that she might deliver a full, true and particular ac count of all that had happened to her since her departure from Grabentiial. Then Harry lit a pipe, and strolled HbUcfelv. about the place, feeling very much aggrieved at being thus deprived of his bride' at the very commencement of hie honeymoon, and when no other companionship was available, and even reading was impossible, owing to the entire absence of books and newspapers in the only language he knew sufficiently well to be Able to read withont a diction wry. ? . ' .?.??.?? After an hour of unspeakable boredom, the young man wandered back to the mill, and began exploring. He soon exhausted the sitting-room, whion had been stripped of all the various little kniok-knaoks that gave it a home-like appear* ance in former dayi, and bad been reduced to that orthodox stiff formality which is the. height of style in the eyes of the less culti vated olaseea.i In the corner of the room there was a email door, which Harry opened, and per ceived that it led into one of those stair-cases. in the wall, whioh were bo dear to the archi tecta of our forefathers. Ascending these stairs, he found himself in a small turret chamber, whioh bad evidently remained un. need since the Professor left Qrabenthal, for, on the floor, were many ecrape. and shreds, the signs of " packing up," Near the window stood an ancient esoritore which Harry lost no time in opening. It contained pigeon holes and drawers innumerable, but all were empty, and he was about to turn away ,when he perceived, amidst the braea moulding, a tiny knob, which shone as if it had been sub jected to more constant friotion than its sur roundings. " A seorot drawer, I'll lay my life !" Witty muttered. " Now for a glorious find—open Sesame I" (Tβ be e'untinued.') 