Old English Newspapers. (Auckland Weekly News.) Theke is nt present on view at Messrs Kidd and 'Wildman's book shop, Short land street, a raro and interesting collec tion of .old newspapers. Theso curious and valuable specimens of early English joumnlisni arc, we understand, under offer to the City Council ; and it is to be hoped that they will be secured for tho Tree Library, as in all probability tho collec tion is the only one of its kind in the colo nies. All are in an excellent state of preservation, aul although 192 years have passed since the oldest of them was printed it can be read to-day without difficulty. This is a copy of the Athenian Mercury, published in 1695, a sort of 'Notes and Queries,' albeit of a somewhat primitive character. It was Macaulay who laid down the dictum that the only true history of a country is to be found in its newspapers, and very interest ing and instructive is a perusal of these early publications, containing, as they do, the everyday news of an age which in these days of rapid progress of marvellous discoveries, and sweeping social reforms, appears almost as remote as the time when Julius Ciicsar hung the Acta Diurna in the galleries of his villa in order that everyone might know what was doing in Eome and the provinces. 'What, we wonder, would be thought now were an incident like this possible. A gloveseller in the city, missing some guineas out of his till, finding they were picked out by art, with birdlime, charged his maid. A friend personated a con stable and carried her to Newgate, and there terrified her in a shameful manner. The girl, however, still maintained her innocence, and was taken back to her master, wlio turned her out of doors at 11 o'clock at night to seek her lodgement where she could find it. The real culprit was afterward discovered, ' since which,' adds the writer in the Athenian Mcroury, ' her master has not so much honesty as to give her any satisfaction.' It would fare badly with anyone who acted in thi& way now. There is nothing new under the sun ! In the same paper there is an advertisement of 'a writing engine for taking several copies of the same thing at once.' In a London Gazette of 1698, there is a report of the arrival in London of the Count de Bonde, Ambassador Extraordinary from the King of Sweden. He was received at the Tower with 'a salute by the dis charge of cannon,' and was then driven to a house prepared ' for His Majesty's entertainment of him.' The Count de Bonde appears to have been a personage of some consequence, for it is recorded that he was attended by ' six pages on horse buck and 28 footmen.' Tho Gazette came out only on Mondays and Thursdays. The contents, say Macaulay in his history, generally were a royal proclamation, two or three Tory addresses, notices of two or three promotions, an account of a skirmish between the Imperial troops and the Janissaries on the Danube, a description of a highwayman, an announcement of a grand cock fight between two persons of honour, and an adver tisement offering a reward for a strayed dog. A copy of the Daily Courant .of March 5, 1708, is of special interest, from the fact that the Courant was the first daily newspaper published in England — perhaps the first that was published in Europe. It made its appearance on the 11th of March, 1702, throe days after the accession of Queen Anne. Tho number in the collection under review contains a curious account of the doings of the Antinomians at Birmingham—' a people that separate themselves from the Church and all dissenters,' who are said to he 'a well-meaning people, but all of weak understandings, misled chiefly by one .Burbury, a fellow endowed with all the impudence, pride, and arrogance that a factious man can have.' The race of Burbury s has not died out, nor are speci mens of the breed unknown in this country. The Examiner was a paper which caused some stir in its day, although the number included in this collection, dated February 14, 1711, contains nothing particularly noteworthy. Perhaps- the shadow of tho newspaper tax, which passed in the following year, was beginning to steal across it. The tax killed Grub street. ' AH Grub street is dead and gone,' wrote Swift in one of his notes to Stella. ' No more ghosts or murders now' for love or money.' ? But the Examiner had mado . its mark. It was the organ of the high Tory party, and it counted, among ' its contributors such brilliant wits and writers as Swift, Bolingbroko, Atterbury, and Prior. The Evming Fost approaches nearer to : the newspaper as we know it to-day than any other in the collection. There are several rirnihers. In one (January 14, 1716), we read, ' This morning, about eight of the clock, : Lieutenant-General Mackart ncy was brought to the King's Bench bar, 'Westminster, and there burnt, in the hand.' Brevity. in reporting was define art in those days. General Mackart ney had fought a duel with tho Duke of . Hamilton, and killed him. Ho was subsequently charged ? with murder, but was found guilty of man sluughter.' In and.ther issue there is recorded the death of one Peter Garden, aged 131. The I'ublio Adverther is re presented in the collection by a single eopy. It is-dated December 10, 1762 — seven year's before thero appeared in its columns the first of a scries of contribu tions which for pungency, brilliancy, and literary finish ^ have never been surpassed.. On th'o;21st of Januavy, 1769, the first of tho letters of Juntas'' appeared' in the Advertiser. The Morning Post of Janu ary 25, 1779, is different to tho Morning Post of torday( but even then it was the sprightly .chronicler of : court news and fashionable gossip, and in its paragraphs can be traced tho hand of its;freo and dashing editor, 'the*:. gay and '.gallant parson Bates.' Coleridge in later times edited the Post, and 'Charles Lamb furnishod it with wit nnd humour at the magnificont remuneration of sixpence a paragraph! Here is oji item from the Morninif Jlerald f6f. November .24,; ,1.800:'. 'Mr. J. Bacchus, aged .97,' .was last wook married to Miss Mary Watson, aged only 27, so that Bacchus now boasts of a complete majority of 70 years over his fair bride.'- There is a copy of the Lon don Times of March 21, . 1814. It was then a four-page paper, and contained, as much news as would about fill ono page of the ?.#««- Zealand Herald. '-'We have only referred to a few of the papers (21 in number) in this collection, and, will con clude our notice. by '.the following 'brief but interesting extract from a notice in the copy of the 2'imes above referred to, of Kuan's Hamlet at Drury Lane : ' We think him an admirable performer (young as ho is — Kean .was then 27), full of genius and high promise, deserving well the public support, likely to becomo a capital ornament to the stage; but wo do not think that his forto lies in tho cha racters that have sonio resemblance to the Shylocks, Richards, and Iagos.' 