REVIEW. A HIGHLAND PARISH We have received from Mr M L. Hutchin- son copies of Dr. Cameron Lees's two racy sketches of Highland life-Su 011610/ and 'o'jtrmoiey-which have enjoyed a wide popularity 111 Scotland. Bom 111 the north, and for a number of years minister of a Highland parish, he is thoroughly acquainted, it is almost needless to say, not only with the customs and language, but also with the feelings and thoughts of the people His satire, therefore, 13 rendered all the more effective that it is only a legitimate exaggeration of the literal truth. The villagers seem to have two marked peculiarities, an unbounded curiosity and a mingled love for whisky and theological disputation. We are in a country where the people are, as a rule, stolidly matter of fact, and in things connected with religion are credulous in the extreme, where there is some lingering fond- ness for sport qualified with re elections on the decrease of population, and where ever) niall thinks himself a born judge of a good cow and a good sermon. An implicit belief in the supernatural, in ghost stories and witch stones, invests the neighbourhood of Stronsay with a pleasant haze of mystery A " bodach " does, 111 fact, appear, but be behaves so sensibly that nobody can be surprised to find that it is only a disguise assumed by one of the characters for his own purposes. Many things happen in the parish in the course of the August holidays shooting, fishing, balls, and various amusements A lecture on art is given, or rather attempted, for the Highlanders do not take kindly to it, by a man hails from a town that is evidently meant to represent Patsie), and who, like most I'm b1 ey people, bus up parent!) something to do with thread. But Dr. Lees has most to Bay of the church, and of church disputes ; of the prejudice entertained by the people against all forms of religion different from their own, and of the bitter feeling which was caused among themselves by the Disruption, On Sundays the whole population musters, each section to its own particular place of worship for though they are neighbours, they are far apart in religious matters, and many a true churchman hollis it to be a deadly sin to cross the threshold of mi Ernstiun building. Where this feeling prevails between two bodies of Presbyterians, their hatred of other churches mu) bedad) imagined The Church of England is regarded almost in the same light as the Church of Rome, and the latter is, of course, passed by the scarlet woman " " It's an organ the) Rev there, and by inns. I saw the ladies and theatre maris coming out one try and they was laughing and talking Do you think there's Chrccstinus among them, were" 'the pick) and zeal of the people, however, do not prevent them from making quiet bargains and retailing the whole gossip of the locality, when they meet at the church door. Dr. Lees has made many hits at all the different denominations The Established Church is represented by men who, of course, are "moderates," and some of whom have that weakness for outdoor sports and other forms of amusement which is looked upon as the sure sign of latituilmnrinnibm. Their doctrine, it not profound, lins 11 smack of common sense. One of them being appealed to on a burning question met it by saying in the words in which his prisoner repeated the conversation-" W lines the use making such disputing about win ther there is one term, when the tears we know is so many " The Free Church minister, on the other li and, had a gift of prayer, and 11 terrible command of Old Testament name., which he had with great vigour at every thing that he dislikes, 'then there is a description of the "man, a species of evangelist, be called because of his rigid adherence to the doctrines and phraseology of the Confession, and because there is not sufficient immunity in him to make the slightest allowance to others. On his first appearance he was asked whether he had ever been at college. "No," he replied, "the Lord opened my mouth " " Indeed, there was a similar occurrence in the time of Halalin, but of late years is has not been so frequent," was the ready) retort Nor does the Church of England escape; for a bishop who held a service in the parish was horrified at being told by the minister that he was in instructing dissenter. The doctrine of spiritual independence, on which so much controversy has ranged 111 Scotland, was a poser for the people, butter Free Churchman who had utterly failed to show the least comprehension of it, assure! a friend of the Established Church that it was a hue doctrine and very comforting" A teetotaller and mi advocate of disestablishment contrives to rouse the ire of a peppery doctor, who treats him with unlimited scorn for his opinions, though not unkindly in other ways. "'Bank of the likes of him speaking against whisky and the auld kirk." Tims come before us the lights and shadows, the ecclesiastical passions and prejudices of a Highland A village '1 he sketches are replete with stones that illustrate his and character of the inhabitants, and some of these have since become the common property of alor) mongers, even on this side the same To Scotchmen who are unacquainted with them, the sketches will be pleasant, both because of their native wit and because of the memories of older times which they) call forth a stronger, or Hanks of _le,h!nnel am. Little burgh ' Macniieu and Wallace 12 . Toborauor), by line", wag, and Robt 11. sets cdlUein _iilubure,u . Miietitveu and Wallace. 