"gkftieg' (Koittmn* OUR GRANDMOTHERS. In the National Review for November the Countess of Jersey attempts to answer Mrs. Lynn Linton's argument on the results of the "Woman's Movement" by pointing out that our grandmothers and great-grandmothers were quite as emancipated as their descendants, and certainly were not more "domesticated, CLABINDA'S DIAP.Y. Here, for instance, is an example from good Queen Anne's reign :— The love of pleasure and the vacuous lives of the ladies of Pope's day are nowhere better satirised than by Addison in "Clarinda's Journal of a Week." It is too familiar and too long to extract In its entirety, but Wednesday may serve as a specimen:— From 8 till 10—Drank two dishes of chocolate in bed, and fell asleep after them. From 10 to 11—Eat a slice of bread and butter, drank-a dish of Bohea, and read the Spectator, From 11 to 1—At my toilette ; tried a new hood. Gave orders for Veny to be combed and washed. Mem..—I look best in blue. From 1 till half an hour after 2—Drove to the Change. Cheapened a couple of fans. Till 4—At dinner. Mem.-—Mr. Froth passed in his new liveries. From 4 to 6—Dressed; paid a visit to old Lady Blithe and her sister, having before heard they were gone out of town that day. From 6 to 11—At basset. Mem.—Never set again upon the ace of diamonds. Swift's " Modem Lady," in 1728, rises, like Belinda in the " fiape of the Lock," at noon, spends her day in shopping, her evening in scandal, and her night, till past 4 in the following morning, in losing large sums at cards. IN HOBACE ^"ALTOTE'S TIME. We need but to turn to Horace Walpole to see that our ancestresses knew how to amuse themselves a little later in the century. What can be more lively than his supper at Vauxhall? He goes to Lady Caroline Petersham's house, and finds " her and the little Ashe, or the Pollard Ashe, as they call her; they had just finished their last layer of red, and looked as handsome as crimson- could make them." They pick up some other good company in the Mall; but, though Lady Caroline runs up to Lord Petersham with "a familiar spring," he stalks away " aa sulky as a ghost that nobody will speak to first," This does not appear to affect the lady's spirits; they get into their barge, with a boat of French horns attending, and little Afihe singing. At Vauxhall the " very foolish Miss Sparr," who has never seen a duel, thongh she is fifteen and anxious for the fun, tries to get Lord March to fight one, but he laughs her out of it. " At last we assembled in our booth. Lady Caroline in the front, with the vizor of her hat eiect, and looking gloriously jolly and handsome. She had fetched my brother Orford from tbe next box, where he was enjoying himself with his petite partie, to help us to mince s chickens. We minced seven chickens into a china dish,, which Lady Caroline stewed over a lamp, with three pats of butter and a flagon of water, stirring, and rattling and laughing, and we* every minute expecting to have the dish fly about her ears. She had brought Betty, the fruit girl, with hampers of strawberries and cherries from Rodger's, and made her wait upon us, and then made her Bup by us at a little table. The conversation was no less lively than the whole transaction. In short, the whole air of our party was snfhcient, as you will easily imagine, to take up the whole attention of the garden; so much that, from 11 o'clock till half an honr after 1, we had the whole concourse round our booth; at last they came into the little gardenB of each booth on the sides of ours, till Harry Vane took up a bumper and drank their health, and was proceeding to treat them with still greater freedom. It was 3 o'clock before we got home." " ADVANCED" WOMEN IN 1711. Lady Mary Wortley Montagu's uncle wrote to the Spectator:— Whilst they should have been considering the proper ingredients for a sack-posset, you should hear a dispute concerning the magnetic virtue of the loadstone, or perhaps the pressure of the atmosphere. In a late fit of the gout I complained of the pain of that distemper, when my niece Kitty begged to assure me that, whatever I might think several great philosophers, both ancient anc modern, were of opinion that both pressure and pain were imaginary distinctions, and that there was no such thing as either in rerum natvra. I have often heard them affirm that the fire was not hot; and one day when I, with the authority of an old fellow, desired one of them to put my blue cloke on my knees, she answered :—" Sir, I will reach the cloke; but, take notice, I do not do it as allowing your description ; for it might as well be called yellow as blue ; for colour is nothing but tbe various infractions of the rays of the sun." Miss Molly told me one day that to say snow was white is allowing a vulgar error ; for as it contains a great quantity of nitrous particles, it might more reasonably be supposed to be blask. POLITICAL WOMEN. Ladies took to politics Long before Primrose League or Women's Suffrage days. Nor were " platform women" unknown to theBe good old days. The Mirror of over a hundred years ago says:—"In London, to which place we are always to look for the ' Glass of Fa&hion;,' the ladies, not satisfied with showing their spirit in the bold look, the masculine air, and the manly garb, have made inroads into a province from which they were formerly considered as absolutely excluded; 1 mean that of public oratory. Half-a-dozen Societies have started up this winter, in which female speakers exercise their powers of elocution before numerous audiences, and canvass all manner of subjects with the freedom and spirit of the boldest male orators." The Duchess of Devonshire and the Westminster election have often been cited; but if, as iB generally allowed, Miss Edgeworth gives a fair picture of the manners and customs of her generation, what shall we think of the conduct of the ladies in " Belinda?" An election takes place; Mrs. Lut tridge posts down to begin her canvass, and away posts her enemy, Lady Delaconr, to canvacs for a cousin of her friend, Mrs..Freke, Lady Delacour is ambitious to have it said of her that she " was the finest figure that ever appeared upon canvas." On the day of election (? nomination) she and Mrs. Freke make their appearance on the hustings "dressed in splendid party uniforms," ana distribute ribbons and cockades from tiro enormous panniers. Not to be outdone, Mrs. Luttridge sends for panniers twice as big aB theirs. Thereupon Lady Delacour caricatures Mrs. Luttridge as "tbe ass and her panniers." Mrs. Luttridge, an excellent shot, wishes herself a man, that she might take proper notice of her opponent's conduct. Instigated by Mrs. Freke, Lady Delacour tends her a challenge, whicn is accepted in due form. The ladies and their seconds meet in man's attire; but the principals are induced to fire into the air, because Mrs. Luttridge is incapacitated by a whitlow on her forefinger from using her right hand. He was Excused.—A young man at a social patty was urged to sing a song. He replied that be would first tell a story, and then, if hiB companions persisted in their demands, he would sing a song. When a boy, be said, he took lessons .in singing, and on Sunday morning he went into his father's attic to practise by himself. When in full swing he was suddenly sent for by the old gentleman. " This is pretty conduct," said his father, "pretty employment for the son of pious parents, to be sawing boards on Sunday morning loud enough to -be heard by the neighbours. Sit down and take your book." The young man was excused from Binging the i proposed song. 