mature. Bees as Adversaries. Those who.hrivo personal k'nowlodgo and ex-; 'pe'rienco of bco-cultrira will bear out .thci re-; mark that bscs riro not particular as to the- size or tho position of the homo in yvhich they; clioose to dwell,' so that it Btifllccs for tucm to crirry on with soourlty their.woridorfal opera tions. In theif. wild state ' cavities of rooks, and hollow froos riro alike available : nnd In' their domestic condition - fhoy havo no pre-' forerico for; a straw "castla, over ri houso; of wood, riof for ri wooden lioustTover a straw- oastlc. 'k , , : i The bee, which, while tinder proper treat-: meat, is orie of man's best; frionds, proves,; when' iriplcstcdi' ri -torfiblo foe; Allusion is" riinda to this by Moses, in his story of 'what befell the Israelites in their sojourn in the wilderness. " The Amoritcs enme out ngnirist yeu, and ehnaed'you ris bees do, and destroyed you." - Tho strength' riud'forcs of their sting is such as to enable them to piorco the . skin of '.tho./horse. and other large animals, nnd kill . thorn. Their ordinary speed whon in flight is from sixty to oighty miles an hour, and they have been known- to fly pnot the Windows of nn express train whori travelling at full Epoed in the samo diroctipn. The bee's manner of attack is to dash straight at tho. object aimsdnt; and commonly, when -ex cited by tho presence of some' meddling per-' son, they will attack the face, niming csped! ally at the oyes. When thd thousands which inhabit a hive are aroused by tho sound of alarrit— well understood by all tho inmates— to rope! an invndor, thoy sally forth with ri courage rind determination which pone can withstand, attacking their foes on cvory sldo with a fury ft fs impossible to resist. King David must bavo witnessed jast bucIi neccne, which he reproduces in his description of the fierce attacks of ills bitter and unroienting fori : "All nations compassed me about ; they compassed me nbont like bees." ' Decently, tho mishap of a porter in hand ling n box of bees in transit by railway c rented an amusing nnd rathor alarming sccno at the Btation. There was a general stain- Sede of passengers and officials flying inevory traction chased by tho infnrinted bees. Oatcbing tbo queen nnd placing her In the box, restored confidence nnd quiet, for, flock ing loynlly to hor standard, tuo wbolo colony returned to the oasc, which was then sont on its way. But oven this is a small affair com pared with what is related in ancient history of persons being driven from their habita tions, nnd tho inhabitants of an entire town being compelled to (Ice before myriads of bees. yKlianua, who flourislio l about 200 A. D., gives nn instance of this in orib of his seventeen books on nsimnis. Mango Park, tho African traveller, mentions n modorn in stance which took place nenr Dooproo : "Wo had no soonsr unloaded the asses than, somo of the people being in Search of honey, inop portunely diztutbed a large swarm of bees. Thoy camo out in largo numbers, and nt- tneked men and bcaBts nt tbo same time. Luckily, most of tho asses were iooso, and galloped up tho valley ; ' but tho horses and peoplo woro very much stung, and obliged to seamporoff in all directions. In foot, In half an hour the bees scorned to put an end to our journey. In tho evening, when they became less troublesomo and wo could venturo to col lect our cattle, we found many of them much stung and swelled nbout the head. Three asses woro missing; ono died in tho evening, another next morning. Our gnhlo lost his bores, and many of the people were much stung about tho head nnd face." Persistence of the Beaver- — - The quickness with which a colony discovors a wholesale attempt" against their peace , iB astonishing'; yet if their numbers are undis turbed, or diminished but gradually, cvon the presence of civilization will not drlvo; tliom- thom from their haunts. To day beaver are returning to streams in Michigan, long ago abandoned by their race; simply because they find themselves unmolested, tho demand for heaver-peltry being slight, and the prices paid : out of all proportion to tbo labor entailed in trapping. It has bsen said that, if n dam or house be once injured by tho hand of man, tbo colony at once disappears. But that this is fallacious is. proved by the: following : Twenty-two miles from Marquette, Mloh;,on the Onrp River, a beaver colony began the erection of a new dam. Though tho embank ment of ara!hvay ran nearly pnrallol - with the Btrenm, and trains passed, backward and forward daily, they seomod in no way dis turbed, rind workod steadily on until the water had risen n foot or more. - . The track- mastcr, observing that this endangered the" lino— for the embankment had been, utilized as a wing of tbo dam— ordored the water to bo drawn off But the following day the benvora had repaircdstho dam out through, and the water wns its former height. Agnin and ngninand again was the dam cut through, rind ns often would it be repaired; All In all, , it W08 cut nnd repaired some fifteen or twenty times ero the beavers wero sufficiently dis- "Couraged.to abandon their attempts. . , White SpaKOWa-— Instead : of tho'ordi-' nary brownish gray, whieh Is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fifteen of tlio.thoii-: sands of sparrows in Macon nro white. Pro fessor Wmett of Mcrcey Uniyemity has niade ncloso Btudyof iriseotivorons birds, arid ivben this' fact was bronght rto. his; attention he supposed the white sparrows wero , merely albinos.. Nature plays her freaks in all classes of tho animal orcation, and scattars albinos among. mon, beasts and birds: Often in a big drove of blackbirds .n wbito .ono is. found. But tbo Wbito sparrows at Maoon' riro too numerous to bo accounted for on. tho theory of chance, which ,'virould' explain the pr$scnco of . one, in. a thousand. . Thoy aro exactly like thoir epmpariioris in ' every re spect savo color, and there is no evidoncq that' tho|white,ond'dark;sparrows havo crossed; they are rill either solid wbito orsolid brown.' \- London Heodlo Womeri'-Tba" women ongnged in the 'shirt trade,; nro to. thp full.ns ill.ofi, nsbridly paid, arid as.much to be pitied ris wero their .sistcra.; in the, day w.beri.Hood. sang tUele. sorppwo arid; sufferings. - '.Tho Wq- mriniwhq iq sololy;doporidont,upori strip shirt iniikingstorvca;rnthor:thriri lfves by it.-i'Siie: soon becomes in very deed. ' ; Tho seamstress, lean and weary, and , wan, : .. .With only the ghosts of garmerits on,:' who/- In poverty, hungor and dirt, ; Sows at onoe .with n double thread . 'A shroud as well ns a shirt. . v . Happily, many, of the shirt hands arc not wholly dependent upon the earning of their needle, Numbers of tho married women of the poorer' classes work nt tho shirt trade with n view to supplementing tho scanty wages of their husbnnds nml tho additional income thus gained, though it may he but tlircoorfour shillings a Week, sensibly in creases tho comfort of tho household. ,'. Con sidering the wretched prices, paid for tho work, the surprising thing is that tho women should earn oven po. much at It as some of thorn do, Tako the button-holing — n leading branch of tho . work. . The holts nre rough punched in tho factories, tho work of the outdoor 'hands being to stitch them round.. This button holing is ndmittcdly:" niggling" work, and yet tlio rats rit which it is paid for by the sweaters is a penny per dozon, collars,.' As each collar has three holes, the hand,: who finds her own needle nnd cotton, has to stitch thirty-six' holes for n pcniiyi j IDvcn so, some of. the ex perts,' by working long, hours, by rising Atirly on Sipjuncrmornlngsnnd sitting Into oil Winter nights, by living on. food: that is ri ready to, be put Jrito the month," ohicily. bread nnd butler, and riatiflg n3 thoy' work; ,by acting ou these lines bojds of thp- button holers, will earn as iriuoh ' rie . eight or riiljo, BliiUirigs ;por wook. The .prices paid by tlio manufacturcra.wlio glvo it out in tbo finit Instnnco are probably such las would cnablo n skilled: rind Induslrlpns hririd' to miike n living wagft : lliit ns.maltprn Hfanil fllioh man .are almost compelled to employ middlemen, . nnd the tondor mercies of. the swcalor nro eriicl. . " - . ' ' s I i ' 