a UN BAL DE fit. CREME. CHAPTER II CONTINUED. The means of setting all questions are easily obtained, nor need we waste much time in argument.' . so what do you mean? cried the frightened girl. * Mademoiselle, things not a place for you, said her betrothed, letting the question pass allow me to conduct you to your carriage.' Again Michener interposed with his own characteristic needless petulance ' As Mademoiselle came here to meet me and not M. de Boisjoly, I claim the privilege of being her escort.' Charlotte gazed despairingly from our totheotkor. As the rivals had already quite sufficient cause of quarrel to satisfy belligerent souls, I thought I might venture to make some attempt at calming their petty differences, and offered my services for the trivial task. Mademoiselle de la Trcmonillo accepted tay offered arm, and turned from Rene Without farewell. To Boisjoly she said in a trembling voice: My father and mother knew nothing of this folly of mine. If it be possible, spare them.' The Vicomte bowed ' I trust to arrange this affair in such a manner as to incommode neither you nor your family. In any case you may be sure that I know how to respect the honour of a noble name She must have known that any possible * arrangement must have involved danger to her lover, yet she walked away without even a glance at the man whom love for her had brought to such grievous peril. 590 had risked much for Michonnoau, but she cared most for herself after all. It is true, however, that she asked me in a whisper, as I pi iced her is one of the faces that were waiting outside, ' Must they fight ? ' I fear it cannot be prevented.' ' Try to do so,' she implored. * Beseech Hemson my sake, to part in peace' I promised to comply with her request, though I know it to be hopeless; and indeed, when I returned to the ball-room neither Rome nor Boisjoly was to be seen. I looked around for them, but vainly, and though I asked, the columbine,] who had seen Boibjoly's partner, if she knew where he had gone, she could give me no information. M. le Pierrot had left her very abruptly, very Cuddy; she had no further interest in him. And she added, with a glance that was meant to be bewitching, ' As both our companions seem to live vc deserted us, monsieur, shall we not console each other? I turned away impatiently and left the place, troubled and irritated in mind.' nothing seemed left for me but to go home, for I know no where to seek the rival lovers, and I wholly despaired of influencing either of them, even if I could find them. I walked along, gloomily revolving the possible issue of Micho&iieuii;'s mad love until, the night faded into grey, and the spring morning dawned chill and draped in mist. The special question, in my mind seemed to lose its sharpness of outline, and blend vaguely with the cloud of sorrow and wrong which I felt to be overhanging the great sleeping city. I lived, as I have said, in one of the nu finished suburbs-a poor one, which would never be occupied by any but workmen, tradesmen of the poorer class, and on occasional dragging writer like myself. The blocks of houses, experiments of speculative builders, loomed gaunt and spectral through the mist ; they might have been thinking of past ages instead of the) barely finished erections of yesterday, as they waited till a connecting row of buildings should link them together. Between them^ay fields-dosrlato fields, which the city had invaded and taken possession of as being convenient spots in which to cast refuse, or stone the bricks and stones of future walls; but- the newly-created A'ds still clung to the homes they had built in their hereditary truest and familiar flowers made brave efforts to bloom? in spit of the surrounding smoke and grime. These fields always struck me with a peculiar feeling of depression ; they were gloomier to me than the loneliest country lane. A brooding sad taeSB seemed to overhang them, as if they were haunted by the prophetic- ghosts of the by inmates of the dwellings that were to arise upon them. The very cry ora Mid, too early disturbed in its nest, seemed to my fretful ear to have a human sound. Was it not a human cry? I heard it again, this time it seemed to articulate " Help me, for Heaven's sake,' I thought it Said and at the same moment I saw as I strained my eyes to pierce the morning mist, a figure running towards me, doubtless in search of help for some injured comrade. Yet surely it was the strangest being that ever sought aid for one in danger or pain Î It was a man draped in a long cloak, which, however, floating behind his as he ran, displayed the piebald scarlet and white of his face and garments, It was the Poi rot of the masked ball the Vicomte de Boisjoiy. . Vicomte 1' exclaimed as he appro allied me, and the J to catch him as has passed, but he" eluded my hand and fled with a swiftness that defied pursuit. Thou T burst through the scant and tattered hedge, and hurrying onwards found What I knew must be 'hing some Where, the body of my poor friend, Bone Miclionueau. He still lived, but the blood was pouring from a bullet wound in his rangs and the death-roll was gathering on his brow. One band, from which the useless pistol had dropped, was clutching in agony at hesitated grass ; I took the other in music, and strove to raise him and to staunch the wound. < Se seemed to recognise mc and to feel no surprise at my appearing at that moment. Too late, Georges,' he gasped. Then recurring to the event of the previous hour-' She will got home safely?' he inquired, I Donbfcloss,' I answered briefly, feeling at that moment a most bitter indifference to the fate of Charlotte de la Trimouille. * I have died for her,' he Went on-was it madness on my part to think I heard a triumph in his feeble voice ? ' It is worth doing, this-to die for love not a woman, and vot-yet-I doubt if she was worth star Who knows ? Women are weak and selfish, even the best of them, and she will be happier in the future if she has not loved me too well.' His voice died away, as the life-blood ebbed from him. In the last few moments his mind wandered, whether to the past or future, who shall say ? For his last words before he fell back' still and lifeless, Were. ' Embrassomoi, me more,' accompanied by an outstretching of the arms, as. it has, indeed, sought to clasp in that his long dead mother. in due course I laid r an information against thoYicomlo de Boisjoly., It was laughed at. The Vicomte swore that he had gone to bed before midnight on the evening I spoke of, had never stirred till Chevrolet had brought him his coffee at eight o'clock next morning, and had not been at a masked ball since Carnival time. The valet confirmed his master's state meet, and I could not call Mademoiselle do is Tfvmonillo to witness the truth of mines. I' know that, had the choice lain with" Rene, he would rather a thousand times, that his death should remain un- avenged than that a shade of scandal should fall on her. I submitted to circumstances, and so, uninterrupted, save by such pangs of memory and conscience as may venture to attack personages of the ' grand monde,' a jerky wedding took place at f he 43 Madeleine, and flowers ~_?í>scattorod, and tpeir&singcrs; sang, reef is Archbishop j -As a HALL alfred do Boys s." ft. d Charlotte de -j la Trcmonillo man and wife." And if the bride looked deadly pale beneath her wreath of flowers, and the bridegroom strove handy to hide his sullenness with smiles, the satisfaction that beamed on the countenance of the Marquis Alain de la 1 removable was perfect and sincere. 15-20 you wish to hear more? The Vicomtosso do Boisjoly, after six months of the most reckless gaiety, extravagant and eccentric even for Paris, suddenly retired to the country, where she has re" mained ever since. Rumour says that she has gone mad. Meanwhile, the Vicomte spends most of his time at Monto Carlo, and is doing his best to kill himself with absinthe , , Miehonneau is not wholly unavenged. 