BUSH AND CAMP. CANDIOTTE. Br David G. Falk. The Pike River diggings were in a state of nproar. An event bad occurred—nnprece- ] dented in the brief annals of the camp—that aroused such a general torrent of indignation as to put the whole place in a ferment, It must needs have been something ver) serious, and very much out of the common, to excite this public outburst for 1 fear that, as a rule, tbe morale of Northern Queensland rashes ten to twenty yeare ado was not ot the highest or most ideal kind ™|j occurrence was, however, and uliohy out of the common. . , . j:__„ The heroes of the episode were two digirers named Gulgong George and candiotte, anJ the Dart both Dlayed >n it was neither of a very satisfactory nature nor one that brought about any happy result for the actors. To relate an unpleasant story sis bnefl as possible, the episode was as gong George, being " the worse for liquor and essaying to descend his claim by means of the customary bucket, missed biB stumbled, and was precipitated down the shaft—a distance of some t wenty-fave feet. On being brought to the surface by bis mate ana a few sympathisers who were ^orking near at hand at the time, it was fonnd that he bad iallen on his head, and that that member being of abnormal thickness, the owner ot it had not been killed outright, but was only stunned. The unfortunate man, however, had received a terrible injury, for a deep gash extending right across his forehead testified to the violence of the falL tinder the circum stances prompt measures were taken by toe rescuers. They, in common with every man in the camp, had an unswerving belief in the efficacy of ardent spirits as a panacea against all ills, and the first course they adoptoi was to send for a bottle or brandy and force a quantity between his clenched teeth. result justified their enthusiastic is.tb, for, half choked by tbe strong spirit, Gnlgong George opened his eyes and gave vent to a faint gyoan. The next step alter this satis factory commencement was to bind up the fearful gash in the sufferer s forehead. But here a difficulty met them. There was no doctor on the camp, and not oneot the diggers present knew enough surgery to enable him to perform the operation of sew ing up the wound. . . At this juncture a bngnt idea struck the injured man's mate. , . , „ - „ "I'vegot it, boys," he exclaimed. Can diotte is the man for us. He's a bit of a bush doctor, and he'd do this ere job in a brace of shakes. I'm off to fetch mm. Keep George goinft *ith the brandy till X come ba" Ri-riit yon are, Peter." answered one of the rescuers. "I'll keep the pot a bihng. Here: some of you coves hau best go with him, and see as you bringCandiotte back with Two or three rushed off in the direction of the ""'i camp, and with surprising un animity made their way towards the one drinking-booth the camp could boast ot. There they found the tuaa they were in search of engaged in the gratifying task « getting drank. He was a beetle-browed Greek, with the limbs of a giant and a face of the most forbidding cast On being told of the accident that had taken place, be laughed hoarsely and struck the table with bis clenched fiat. ... , . . I knew the Warned fool d go and knock his head against something," he exclaimed with drunken boisterousness. \\\ bj', _ ne with drunken boisterousness. was trying to drink against me, till he had to cave in. He might as well have tried to drink against great Bacchus himself, lm Candiotte the Greek, and can drink the ocean dry. When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug of war; bnt when Gulgong George meets Greek he's up a blooming Wflttlft He would doubtless have continued in this irrelevant strain at some length had not Peter Strong, Gnlgong George's mate, interrupted him by telling him of their object in having sought him. , ,, „ , " What 1" exclaimed the noble Greet " Sew np hia blooming head ? Not me, unless I'm paid for it I'm busy, don t you see, and I'm not going to put myself out nnless I get a couple of ounces for the job. You can't have medical skill without paying for it A couple of ounces either in nuggets or dust—I ain't pertikler which—and the job's done fair and neat, Is it a wager or not ? Say the word, because I'm not going to fool away my time for no one." "It's a wager, mate," answered Peter | Brown. " You're the only men in the camp | as can do it—so a couple of ounces a in t out of the way." The sequel of the episode was not of so pleasant a nature as to bear minute descrip tion. Suffice it to say that the Greek sewed up the injured man's wound with a degree of skill that justified the confidence placed in him by his fellow-diggers. But, on the pro mised reward not being forthcoming by either Mr Peter Strong or Gulgong George himself, he took out his clasp-knife, and then and there, in a fit of drunken passion, unripped the stitches he had so lately made, and callously went off and left hiB patient lying where he bad found him. ■ It was this that caused the uproar. The next day Gulgong George showed symptoms of delirium, and, in the opinions of those who were supposed to have had most experience in such matters, was in imminent danger of his life. Public opinion attributed this change for the worse to the dastardly act of the Greek, and such a storm of indignation arose that the camp was moved to its very centre. The condition of the injured man became more and more critical, nntil at last it was currently accepted that be could not possibly recover. As, events proved.after wards. the Fike River diggers, in their virtuouB resentment of the outrage, were hurried iuto. taking an extreme view of the cose, for, the injured man eventually, did recover, and lived to fall down the shaft of hia claim a second time. But, at the time, every i man on the Pike made np his mind that Gnlgong George would not survive his injuries, and anticipating events with a .pre-! vision wholly unqnestioning by reason xn the indignation that gave it birth, laid bis death at Candiotte's door. . The. immediate outcome of thu was a public, open-air ~ meeting, at which; the matter was stoimily discussed. Feeling ran ■high against the brutal Greek. Tbetojwaa no police protection in the camp, and wwm generally felt that something oUght to be done in this dase. as a warning to allwvd doers and disturbers of the public pjBaoe. ;Gne miner in the crowd yelled oat, "Lynch the ugly beggar 1" but little heed was paid to thik for it wWfeit that any extreme mea1 sues of the/ kind would-hot do, aS belng against theater, and oofisto utenfly not fon sonant with^ftedigpityof toe tribuhal there assembled. Another Ssufcgestioh 'to^'lWnm into him.wjthft course of action not sufficiently dignified to meet the occasion. After a (treat deal of stormy debate, a ver dict was eventually agreed upon. It was de cided to thrnst the Greek out of the camp to cast bim forth, and so purify the moral atmosphere of the diggings. It is somewhat doubtful, after all, whether this mild measure would have recommended itself to the more violent party, had it not been for a hint let drop by one speaker. '* See here, boys," he observed, with ad mirable forethought, " we'd best give him the kick-out and have dene with it. You Bee George iB in a mighty bad way, and if so be as he should peg-out, it'd be murder and no less. Well, then, I take it some of us'd have to take the Greek cuss down to Cooktown, and some more of us—them that Been the thing done—would be bound over to appear before the Court there as witnesses. Now, I reckon there ain't none of you coves want a towrie down to Cooktown for nothing, so I ses, kick the beggar out before it's too late, and have done with it" There was eo much wisdom in_ this snggestion that it recommended itself im mediately to the minds of the hearers, and combining as it did mercy with justice, was eventually adopted with acclaim. But at this juncture a dissentient voice arose and made itself heard amid the general uDroar. ft was that of Peter Strong, the in jured man's mate. Elbowing his way through the crowd till he had gained a central position, he addressed his fellow diggers in tones of remonstrance. " Blow me if I'm going to agree to that," he exclaimed. " You've no call to chuck a man ont till you know what comes of it. It's my belief as George ain't so much hurt as you make out A bit of a ripping won't do such as him much barm one way or another, I take it. I don't mean to say as that Greek feller ain't an out-and-out cur to do what he done, but I won't be a party to turning no man out of the camp, considering what it means getting down to the coast by yourself. You know the niggers are as thick as ants all hrough the ranges, and to send a white man 11 by himself among them is just to get him ill Uj uiuiocu auiviig t r i °V ipeared and made mutton of. Its down ight murder, and nothing else, and I won t >e a party to it for one." A storm of groans and hoots greeted this mtspoken declaration ; but, nothing daunted, fcter Strong faced the crowd of diggers, and ^iterated bis assertion. " It's downright murder, I tell yon, and I von't be a party to it" '• Give 'em both the kick-out," cried a voice n the crowd. " He's pretty nigh as bad as 'other one. It waB him not anteing up after >assing his word as made the Greek do it" "Aye; let 'eui go together ! Clear the camp >f 'em both ! Out with the two of them!' exclaimed half-a-dozen voices in chorus. A terrible uproar ensued, and Peter Strong, inreasonincly defiant came very near being naltreated by the excited diggers. Bat quieter ounsel ultimately prevailed, and the dis ussion was continued. In the end, a final nd irrevocable decision was arrived at It ras determined that both Candiotte and bis >artisan should be told to leave the camp, nd never set foot in it again. No violence vas to be used against them; but if they efused to go after being formally apprised if the judgment passed against them, then it vas to be left to the discretion of the diggers 0 devise means whereby to drive them forth. But, as it proved, no such extreme measures vere found necessary, for both Candiotte and >trong were wise enough to bend to circum itances. Outwardly, by their manner and ipeech, they expressed the greatest contempt or the verdict and all concerned in it; but levertheless, with a wisdom taught by ex perience, they did not fail to act upon it with lue promptitude. . All the diggers on the Pike followed their uovemente with cariosity tempered by watcb ul care. For the remainder of that day the wo men were noticed to be in close conclave; owards evening tbey busied themselves in sonking beet and damper, cleaning their ifles, and overhauling saddles and bridles ; ind the next morning, when the camp was istir at its nana! early bonr, the news quickly passed from mouth to mouth that the two nen had taken their departure. They bad inietly ridden off before any of the men were istir, taking with them their rifles, rations, ind swags, but leaving behind sundry goods ind chattels, such as tent and tools, too bnlky a remove. One other token they left, which long re mained at the Pike River Camp. Propped ap against the limb of a tree, in the veiy :entre of the camp, the diggers discovered a broken sheet of bark with a rude drawing of 1 man's bead on it Two hands with out stretched fingers extended horizontally from it, and were evidently intended to typify a sentiment of derision, and to represent the scorn and contempt the artist ielt for the whole camp. However, far from causing annoyance, this unique specimen of art was regarded by the miners in a wholly hnmorons light, and was long preserved by them as an ornament to the camp. It is not with the rough community on the Pike that this veracious history has to deal, but with the two wanderers driven from that retreat and forced to find a resting-place in some asylum less intolerant and judicial. Tbey set their faces coastwards, making their way steadily sonth-east with the intention of striking the track that led from Cooktown to Maytawn. Their horses were fresh after IIICII IWUS vpviiywm wv»v uvi> Vfciwuiucucui so that the travellers pressed resolutely on their way, equally as anxious to leave the scene of their discomfiture behind as to reach their destination. They bad over two hun dred and titty miles of unknown bush before them, die blacks were numerous and treacherous, .and their stock of Tations not too plentiful.. There was no fear of their suf ferine from want of water, liain, in light ahowera^hadbeenabundaut for weeks past, and every hole,' every watercourse was fall. The chief danger they xan was from the hoe tility of the blacks, fo^bpine only two, and their tracks easily discernible in the long gram/they bad everything to fear in the way of snrpriseand attack. . ' for over a week theycontinued on their way without meetingwith adventure or acci dent of any kind. They took Bnch precau tions as their bnshmanship taught them. They made it a rath to camp at night in home sheltered spot, away from water, contenting themselves with filling their water-bags and then moving On for a mile or so before bring ing their day's journey to a close. The fire they were forced to light in order to cook their evening meal was extinguished directly that duty waaacoompliahed > their two hones they- hobbled out; at bight without the customary bells round their necks. fent notwithstafiding elf precautions, on tbie eighth morning of their joumey they were surprised anflattacked. >?' Dayfaaflhardl rda wnedwhen the Greek shouldefc horseB, Peter," he (bow to %Wand Btropg, rousing himself and yawning heavily, * I can ] do with a pannikinfol of hot tea too. I'm that stiff I can hardly stir a stamp." C-andiotte strode off without farther parley, and returned in less than ten minutes leading the two horses. He came running back, dragging the unwilling animals almost by main force, and with such a wild look on his face that his companion stopped in his preparations and exclaimed— "What's up, mate? Have you seen a ghost ?" "Shut up, you d—d fool," answered the Greek in a terrified whisper. " Saddle up as quick as you can. There's fresh niggers' tracks all about. The black devils must hare been within a hundred yards of our camp during the night Quick; on with their saddles. It's the only chance we have." Both men set to, with feverish haste, making preparations lor departure. The horses Were saddled, swags rolled up and strapped on in front; everything was ready ; when all of a sudden—without sound or warning, without the rustle of a leaf to give notice of the approach of an enemy—a shower of spears hurtled through the air from every direction. Neither of the men was hit. Quick as lightning each raised his rille to bis shoulder; two reports rang out, and a sudden crashing of the scrub told of the fall of at least one of their ambushed assailants. "Now, then!"cried the Greek shrilly. " Juidd on your horse. It's the only chance left." Both men bounded into the saddles and struck the spurs into the sides of their terrified horses. They were almost clear of the timber, in the edge of which they had camped, when a sodden terrified cry from Strong, who was behind, oaased Caadiotte to tarn in the saddle. "My,horse's hit,!'shouted Strong. "He's done tor." Even as he spoke, the animal stumbled, sank on its knees, made an effort to rise again, and then rolled over on its side. The rider, as it iell, disengaged his feet from the stirrups and ran towards his mounted com panion. " Don't desert me, Candiotte," he gasped. " For God's sake don't leave me to the mercy of tbem black devils." For one moment the Greek hesitated. Safety was before him—he, at all events, mounted as he was, could escape. But his hesitation was only for a second. Bending down in the saddle, be gripped the hand of the unmounted man. "Right!" he cried. "A Greek's a Greek. You stuck up for me over there at the Pike, and, by God ! I'll stick to you now. Quick. Up you get The old horse'll bear two ior once." By main strength he dragged Strong on to the saddle in front of him, and then with a wild yell he drove his spurred heels furiously into the flanks of the over-weighted horse. But the delay was fatal for him. At that moment a second flight of spearB was hurled at the flying pair, and pierced in the back by three of the deadly missiles, the unfortunate Greek slipped to the ground with a load groan. That was the last that was seen of him, for the horse, maddened with terror, bolted through the bush and bore its uninjured rider away from the scene of the tragedy. After undergoing terrible privations dnring his long solitary ride, Strong struck the Cook town track and succeeded in reaching that place. But of Candiotte the Greek—ruffian and hero—dastard enough to maltreat an injured man, chivalrous enough to imperil his life for the sake of his mate—nothing more was ever beard. His fate was known only to the bloodthirsty blacks into whose hands he had fallen. 