mm iiE w c IH BRihF. , ran IP'-h» (Spsd&lly; collated and .'«pUo>nlwcl for "The Weekly S$-Jg-: - iwm.) Eft Colonial Callings if' Hi-' It is proposed to have a lifeboat station at Point Lonsdale..- kjj|| A nugget weighing 617oz has been found W>'m8 in the Midas mine. Ores wick. fk tS Farther reports confirm the qaar&; riches of ||t ia the Kimberley district, West Australia. |a 8 The Cae tie main eb ranch of the Australian S! rm Natives' Association will be opened on Mon- fc'# day. W0 Hanlao left New York for Australia on ffisg Friday. He talks of remaining in the &jj; colonies. o || "?1 It is proposed to hold an encampment of | militia cadets on 14th December and follow- £ vjll ' ing days. . a Medals will be presented :to the .Hobart. V - Hospital nurses for their exertions daring the , # typhoid epidemic. V Mr. Hayter, the Government Statist, < ! estimate 1 the population of Victoria on the ' ; 30th June last as 1,019,106. j "j.jf A youth named Call cot died in the Ballarat hospital on Saturday from injuries received ' in a football match a fortnight ago. A| South Australian tobacco- workers are pro- ; "j testing against the extra duty placed by the it Government on anmanufactared tobacco. ;! Some scoundrel has been playing " ghost" j and frightening females at Soldiers' Hill, , o Btllarat. If caught he should be publicly whipped. . >.1 The Minieter of Education announces that j arrangements are being made by which the 7 r State-school teacherB will be paid in future by ; i f the 8th of every month. ' A little boy, named Robert Hill, was, on Monday, killed by a fall from the window of a printing office in O'Conne'l street, Sydney, a distance of 14ft. to the pavement. 'r: A letter is published in the " Temps," a :'t Parisian journal, in which it is contended | that the French troops in the New Hebrides group have saved Euro peans from massacre. ; J? The Mob mine strike is at an end. Mr. Shaw, the manager, has given the miners Is. ! per ton more for getting coal, aad all the j " work at the mine has been put on contract, j X Two hundred additional justices of the j X peace will be gazetted at the end of Sep- : M tember, and, to meet present requirements, : ''4 a dozen will be gazetted at the end of next j week. j ;/ A scheme is on foot in West Maitlaod, I P N.S.W., for celebrating the centenary by I erecting a centennial- hall. It i« proposed to i X spend between £8,000 and £10.000 on the j building. X Plane and specifications have jast been j Tl completed for the A!, U.S. N. Company for four I v> nev steel steamers, which they intend to have 1 P; built for the trade betveen Cooktown and f Melbourne. I :?£ The defaulting Geelong wool- broker, ! 'X Staurenghi, has not yet been arrested. ,4 Opinions fluctuate between whether he has got off to San Francisco, or is in hiding in the X metropolis. i'-; The Government of South Australia's ex- :; periment of planting Emu Flat in the ninety- mile desert in the south-east is a ereat sac- cess, vegetables, cereals, and wattle flourishing ing luxuriously. Mr. Herd, the country justice of the peace who was fined for sly grog selling, has handed f in bis resignation to the Miuister of Justice. Under hese circumstances the Minister, will takenc farther action. Arrangements are in progress for a con ) erence between the employes in the woollen ndustry and thoBe in the clothing trade, with view of coming to an agreement on the pro- posed increase of the woollen duties. The Pomborneit Babbit Preserving Factory 5 is to suspend operations for this season, nn ; the regular supplies of rabbits have fallen off very much during the past few weeks, and the breeding season is about to commence. In the Sydoey Divorce Oourt on Monday Gray, a squatter, near Albury, petitioned for a divorce on the ground of his wifes adultery, Startling statements wars made against the wife, who now resides with her people in St. Kilda. The Typographical Society of Sydney nega tived by a very large majority the proposed vote of £20 ia recognition of Mr. John Nor. ton's services in placing before English mechanics the Bfcate of the labour market in the colonies. The K«w Council have accepted the tender of A- W. Fanton for the erection of a drink ing fountain in front of the new municipal buildings a- a memento of Jrihitee year. The 1 cost of the fountain will be £150, and it will take Bome six weeks to erect. I The new steamer in course of construction j on the Clyde for the T.S.N. Company's j Hobart end Sydney trade will be 290ft. in length, 36ft. in breadth, and 24't. in depth, built of steel, with triple expansion engines, and a speed of thirteen knots. The fih in Lake Tyers are preserved for the nse of the aboriginals at, the local mission station. The fishermen, who are prohibited from netting, assert that the fish are so let alone by the aboriginals, who are too lazy to catch them, that they are dying of old age. The Rsv. O, F. Gwnsey, in the oouree of a sermon at Christ Church, Sydney, pro t- 8 ted against tha present agitation to rem >ve all art and beanty from the service of the Church of England,. and urged that men " should equ»sh bigotry tinder their feet as they would a snake." The British Government has decided not to deport from Tonga trie Rev Shirley Baker, the chief adviser of the King, who has in curred great unpopularity by his conduct towards the Weeleyin body in the island. A close watch, however, will be kept on his actions. The " Courier" .says, the Burke -and Wills . monument, Billara% which some time ago. was a most unsightly object, has been so improved that it fe now a most fitting memorial of the brave explorers The painting and gilding of the monument is especially pretty. It ia satisfactory to know that the returns reaching the Board of Health how a steady decrease of typhoid fever and dipb'-m throughout the colony. Last week only six cases of the former were reported, of which two were fata'- The same number of dipl:.r,b?uia ca-es wera reported, cf which one oadod i nelly. At Ballarat a few days ago a t-pecimt-i -vas exhibited which consisted of 170 oz of ( i re white quartz and g'»'d, from the Prince R'nreot claim, Ballarat Ei«t, more than hali of which was the precious metal. In tlt?3e specimens it appear < as if molten gr-hi 'ad been poured amongst broken up albastt r, and then cooled. Mr. Gs Wi Robertaou. t of Warxawm;rtn4 sends a report to the Agricultural Department as to the' trial- of twelve kinds of potatoes recently introduced by Mr. BosistOr They were planted in March and- dug .on. tho 13oh July. Planting ,was too fete to .give a fair .trial, but : idi succeeded, except two varieties— 401b. being the result o.f twelve po.tafxiee. . .. i - The Rw, Dr. Gawieron Lees, who has been preaching to large congregations Jot some weeks past at the S sote' Church, Collins street, leaves Melbourne on the 19- h prox. for Edinburgh. He -will; therefore, only -occupy the pulpit of that church for four more Sun days. The revefend gentleman intends paying a visit to New Zealand before Bailing for Scotland. ; A little boy, son of Mr, C. Phillip, head teacher of State-school, Rocky L?ad, was chocked by a piece of cocoanut, whicbiie was eating, slipping into the- windpipe and causing his death , Dr Allen - wasin _ at tendance as soon as possible, but au efforts to remove the obstruction were : unsuccessful, and the little fellow died after a struggle lasting about four hours . The ' Standard" understands that the replies received from the colonies, with reference to. the proposed extension of the Qaeen'a title are of » nature to render any legielafcion on h« matter improbable. While thB Colonial gover omenta wonld raise no objeotiou in omb th? change were decided upon, they express generally ni dpsire for any modification of the title. The question, however, awaits Her Majesty's final decision. The " Warrnambool Standard" states that among other things found on an aboriginal, who was arrested recently, was a letter .from, his cousiu— -an aboriginal at the Framliugham station. The writing was good, the sentences nicely constructed, the writer feelingly re ferring to the death of certain friends, and concluded by asking hira to at once visit them at the station, as oue of his old friends wished particularfv 