A RECONCILIATION. IT was Christmas Eve. A cold, blus tering day was closing in at Elmwood Farm. Dull gray clouds floated up from the north-west, and began throwing copious handsful of great star-shaped snowflakes all over the frozen earth. The white Christmas so ardently wished for by all the young people in Elmwood neighbourhood was being verified beyond the ghost of a doubt. Miss Judith Wilder, one of the wealthiest spinisters in that part of Yorkshire, and mistress of beautiful Elmwood, sat in her richly-cushioned chair before the glowing fire, which crackled up a wide, old-fashioned fire place. Her brow, which fifty odd years and some hidden bitterness had combined" to wrinkle quite deeply, was contracted with thoughts of the past. Her surroundings were luxurious. Books, pictures, chairs, table, sofa, and everything that helped to furnish the pleasant sitting - room, betrayed the good taste of the mistress. Yet Miss Judith was not happy. Some secret or trouble she had vainly striven to hide for many years dis turbed her peace of mind. Miss Wilder was not the sole occu pant of her well-furnished sitting room. A young man of twenty-four stood near heri chair. This was Forrest Edley, Miss Wilder's handsome ward. The young man had just returned to Elmwood to spend the holidays with the best earthly friend he had known since he had been left an orphan boy of seven years. He intended studying for the bar as soon as his holidays were over. Miss Wilder opposed his doing anything; but Forrest was tinctured with the true English spirit of energy, and he preferred occupation to genteel idleness. 'Mother,'-he always called Miss Wilder so, at her request-' Mother, what a bitter night it's going to be! The snow has completely carpeted the ground. My heart aches for the suffering and houseless who are out in this storm.' Looking up at her ward's sympa thetic face, she said, ' You are too sympathetic, my dear boy. Do not worry.about what you cannot help.' 'But I am not so sure that it is impossible to help the suffering around us, if we will exert ourselves to find them out.' 'Have done with this doleful sub ject, Forrest. You will talk yourself quite out of an appetite. And Jane will ~feel her dinner sadly slighted, indeed,' replied Miss Wilder. Forrest was going to speak, but the entr;ance of a servant interrupted him. 'Well, Lina ?' said Miss Judith, addressing a rosy-cheeked servant-girl. 'A gentleman and a young lady wish to see you, mum.' 'That is strange,' said the mistress of Elmwood. ' Who are they, Lina ?' 'I'll inquire, mum.' 'Hold on, Lina,' spoke the young man. 'Mother, it is cruel to keep your visitors out in this sform. Why not admit them without further ques tion ?' 'You are right, Forrest. Lina, show them in here.' After the lapse of a few moments the visitors were ushered in. The man presented the appearance of one prematurely gray. His step was still elastic, and his frame was apparently quite youthful; but his hair, and the long beard which con coaled his features, were very white. To his left arm clung a creature so beautifully fair and sylph-like,that one might have mistaken her for a snow-sprito, or a fairy princess who had arrived with the Christmas storm. But the starry blue eyes, the delicate sea-shell pink of the rounded cheeks, and the profusion of golden curls sparkling here and there with snow jewels, and flowing over marvels of shoulders, where it had escaped from the scarlet hood which had protected her head from the storm, were all too real to belong to an aerial princess. Miss Wilder arose as her visitors approached. The old gentleman touched his hat politely to the mistress of Elmwood, but he did not remove it. The young girl clung timidly to his arm, and turned from the inquiring gazo of the spinster. 'Have I the pleasure of addressing Miss Judith Wilder ?' asked the old man, searching that lady's face with his keen gray eyes. SYou have,' she answered a pallor creeping over her face. The old man's step, his figure, and something in his voice, carried her back in the far-off, dim-lit past. But Miss Judith had always been a practi cal woman, and no matter what shadows of her past arose to confront her, she would not allow herself to dream now. \- 'Pray be seated,' she said, pointing to chairs in pleasant juxtaposition to the fire-place. Forrest Edley took a place on the sofa near his guardian, and stole occasional glances at the mysterious visitors. The old man broke the silence. 'The nature of this visit may not be understood without an explanation. If I can claim your indulgence while I tell my story briefly-' ' Certainly, sir. Pray proceed,' said Miss Judith, growing a shade paler as the stranger spoke. 'In the good old days, as the story books say, there was a dear old place called Elmwood. Nay, start not; let me finish without interruption. 'An affectionate but passionate old man was master there. With him dwelt his two children, a girl and boy. The girl was the senior of her brother by several years. ' These two played, sang, read, and studied together. They were the idols of their old father's heart. ' There was a strong tie of affection between the sister and brother in those early days. But a few years developed characteristics in the sister that her sweet girlhood gave no promise of; she developed a spirit of avarice. She began to scheme how she could secure all the wealth to herself, leaving her brother nothing.' 'No, no, no ! You wrong me !' broke from Miss Judith's white lips. ' Silence !-let me finish. This sister saw her way clear at last. 'Her brother was secretly, but honourably paying attention to an orphan girl. The sister did all in her power to encourage the courtship. " 'She sought out the girl, and assured her of, her lasting esteem, encouraged her to receive her brother's attentions, and urged a hastymarriage, promising to intercede for the lovers with the proud old master of Elmwood. 'They were married. The scheming sister saw the .father. His haughty heart was fired with rage against his son. The sister bore this intelligence to the lovers, who were waiting tremblingly for a summons to Elm wood. The son concluded to see the irate father himself, but the haughty old man drove him from his presence, and forbade his entering Elmwood again. 'He left the neighbourhood with his trusting Eve, who clung faithfully to him through all the poverty that followed. ' But the young man had too much energy to dwell in poverty long. He and his lovely Eve went to work, and soon peace and plenty crowned their earnest efforts. ' One child God gave them-little Stella, who is now by my side; for I am Edward Wilder,' concluded the stranger, removing his hat, and dis closing to Miss Judith's agitated view the well-remembered features of her brother. With a sharp cry, she flung herself on her knees before him, and be sought his forgiveness. ' Oh, my dear brother, let the dead past bury its dead now ! Our estrange ment has been long and bitter; let it end. Only God knows how heartily I repent of my wicked part. Will you let me make amends now, Ed ward? Forgive your erring sister, and accept a home at Elmwood for yourself and Eve's child.' Miss Wilder, her brother, and lovely Stella, were in tears by this time; and Forrest's dark eyes be trayed a suspicion of moisture. ' My dear sister, I did not return to the old home to reproach you. What is past is gone for ever. You are foi' given. It was Eve's.dying wish that when Stella reached her eighteenth year we should seek you out .and become reconciled. What more fit ting time than this in which to for give all our old injuries, and.begin the New Year with peace towards God and man ?' ' Amen to thosewords, my brother !' said Miss Judith. ' Stella, dear girl, can you forgive and love your old aunt a little ?' ' I have nothing to forgive, dear aunt,' said the sweet voice of the girl; ' and I love everybody.' Miss Judith kissed her on both cheeks, while Forrest Edley looked highly pleased at the last remark of this beautiful girl. When the dinner came off, a half an hour later, Jane did not grumble about the lack of appetites. And the flow of good-will abided with them all throughout the happy Christmas tide. A year after, wedding bells rang cheerily across the snow-clad fields, and Forrest and Stella promised to 'love, honour, and obey' for ever. " I love you, my dear" he softly said " My pa is in the leather trado;" (She turned away her golden head); "In fact.my fortune's nearly made." " Retail or wholesale P" murmured she; '" :Tis well to be precise, you know; I give my heart, my life to thee, : If ib be wholesale-- is it so ?" ' "It is, of course," th 'youth replied, . And clispepI her to his fervent breasti ' " Then I'm thine own," she faintly sighed, ''.My fate with thino shall over rest." Regarding man's supremacy The youth and maiden quarrelled: "The hand that wields the pen," said he,.. " Is the hand that rules the world." Then quothl the maiden chipper, While her red lip she curled: "Sir, the hand that wields the slipper :;'-2: Is the hand that rules the world. . When a young man asks a young woman uhat piece of music she likes best, and shei confesses, with a sly blush, that.she has at fond preference for Mendelssohn's " .Wedding March," it is time for that young man to do something. 