— T 11 E — SWORD OF DAMOCLES. BY MISS A. K. 6IIEEN. ? o ? BOOK Y.~ WOMAN'S LOVE. XLL— ( Continued.') ,T1IB.,.WOHK OF AN HOUR. ' Bubo is tho slave that paya.' — Ubkuy V. 'iHonvoiiihiia no raao liko lovo to hatred turned, Nor holl a fury like a woman scorned.' . ? CONGHKVE. ' I cannoL push through the crowd,' cried lie, 'I have fought and struggled, and shrieked, but it is all of no use. My boy is burning alive, and I cairnot reach him.' A lurid flame .shot at that moment from the building before i.1. _„' ? *e ? _ ? t ? i i .? i . uiiBiii, us ii in empniisis to nis woras. ' He is prisoned there by a woman,' crird Mr. Sylvester, pointing to tho figure whose distorted outlines were every moment becom ing more and more visible in the increasing 'glare..- ' 'Soe, she has him tight in her arms, and. is pressing him against the window- sill.' The man, with a terrible recoil, looked in the direction of his child, saw tho little white face with its wild expression of conscious ,. terror, saw the face of her who towered implac ably .behind it, and shrieked appalled. ' Jacqueline ! ' ho cried, and put his hands up before his face as if his eyes had fallen upon on avenging spirit. 'Is that Jacqueline Japha?' asked Mr. Sylvester, dragging down the other's hands, ? and pointing relentlessly towards tho omirous ., .., figure in the window before them. ' Yes, or her ghost,' cried the other, shud dering under n horror that left him little con . , trol of his reason. ' Then your boy is lost,' murmured Mr. Sylvester, with a vivid remembrance of the ; words ho had overheard. 'She will never save her rival's child, never.' . . The man looked, at him with dazed eyes. ? ' She shall save him,' he criad, and stretching far out of the' window by which he stood, he pointed to the bridge and called out, 'Drop ,' him, Jacqueline, don't let him burn. -He can still reach the next house if he. '.runs. Save my darling, save him.' But the woman, as if waiting for his voice, only threw back her head, and while a burst ing flame flashed up behind- her,- shrieked mockingly back : . ' Oh, I have frightened you up at last, have 1\. 1 You can see me now, can you ? You can call on Jacqueline now? The brat can .make you speak, can he ? Well, well, call away, I love to hear your voice. It is music to me, even in the facn of death.' ' My boy, my boy ! ' was all ho could gasp; ' save tho child, Jacqueline, only save ;the child!'1 ' But tho harsh, scornful laugh she returned spoke little of saving. ' He is .so. dear ? \sho hissed, i' I lovo tho oH'spring of my rival so much ; the child that has taken the place of . my own darling,. dead before ever I had seen . -its innocentcyes ! ? Oh yes, yes, I will save it, savu it as my own wns saved! ..Whon.-I.-eaw the puny infant in your arms the day you passed me with her, I swore to be its friend, \- don't yon remember?. And,. I nm.-soimuch, of a one that, I stick by him to the death, don't you sec 1 ' And raising him up in her arms till, his whole, stunted body was visible, she turned away her brow, and seemed to laugh in . i tho face of ? the flames. The father' writhed below in his agony '.Forgive,' lie cried, ' forgive the ..post, and ? give me back . my child. It's all I have to love ; it's all I've ever loved. Be merciful , Jacqueline, be merciful ! ' ? . rlTer face ; flashed back upon him,' still and '???white. ' ' And what mercy have you ever shown to mo 1, -Fool, idiot, don't .you spc I ; . have lived for this hour 1 To make you feel for- once ; to make you suffer for once- as I have suffered. You love the boy ! Roger Holt, I once loved you.' And heedless of the rolling volume of smoke i. that now began to pour towards her, heedless even of the long tongues of hungry flame that were stretched out as if ; feeling for her from. \- thedistance behind, she stood immovable gaz ing down upon the casement where he knelt, \- ? - with' an indescribable and awful smile upon , ,'' her lips. The sight was,. unbearable, With an instinct ', of despair both men-drew back, when suddenly they saw the woman start, unloose her clasp, and drop the child our, of -.her arms J upon the bridge. A hissing stream ot water had fallen upon the flames, and the shock had taken her by surprise. In a moment the .father .was himself again. ' . ? ' ' Get up, little fellow, get up,' hs cried,-*' or if. you cannot, walk, crawl -along- the. bridge to the next house.. I see a fireman there; he will lift you in.' But at that moment the flames, till now , held under some control, burst from an adjoin in' window, and caught at the woodwork of the bridge. The father yelled in dismay. f'Hurry,' little fellow, hurry,' hd cried. .'Get over towards the next house before it is too late.' . .But a paralysis snomed to have seined tho child; he arose, then stopped, and looking wildly about, shook his head, 'I cannot,' he criod, ' I cannot.'' And the woman laughed, and with a hug of her empty arms, seemed to throw her taunts into the space before her. 'Ave you a demon?' burst from Mr. Syl vester's lips in uncontrollable horror. ' Don't you sco you can save him if you will ? Jump down, then, and curry him across, or your father's curso will follow you to the world beyond.' 'Yes, climb down,' cried tho fireman, 'you nrc lighter tlmn J. Don't waste a minute, n second.' ' It is your own child, .Tacquolino, your own child I ' came from Holt's white lips in final desperation. ' I have deceived you ; your baby did not dio ; I wanted to get rid of you, and I wanted to save him, so I lied to you. The baby did not die ; he lived, and that is he you see lying helpluss on the bridge boneath you.' Not tho clutch of an advancing flame could have niado her shrink more fearfully. ' It is false,' she criod ; ' you aro lying now ; you want me to save* her child, and dare to say it is mine.' 'As God lives ! ' ho swore, lifting his hand and turning his face to the sky. Her whole attitude seemed to cry, ' No, no,' to his assertion, but slowly as she stood thoro, tho conviction of its truth seemed -to strike her, and her hair rose on her forehead, and she swayed to and fro, as if the oarth woie rolling undor her feet. Suddenly she gave a yell, and bounded from the window. Catch ing the child in her arms, -she' attempted to regain the refuge beyond, but the flames had not dallied at their work while she hesitated. The bridge was on fire, and her retreak wns cut off. She did not attempt to escape. Stopping in the centre of the rocking mass, she. looked. down as only a mother in her last agony can do on the child she held folded in her arms ; then as the flames caught at her floating garments, stooped her head and printed one wild and passionate kiss upon his brow. Another instant and they saw her head rise to the accusing heavens, then all was rush and horror, and the swaying structure foil before their eyes, sweeping its living freight into the courtyard beneath their fset. XLII. PAULA RELATES A STORY SHE HAS HEARD. ' Nouo are so desolate but- something dear, Dearer than self, possosses or possessed.' Byron. ., In the centre of a long, low room not far from the scene of the .late disaster, a solitary lamp was burning. It had been lit in haste, and cast but a feeble flame, but its light was sufficient to illuminate the sad aud silent group that gathered under its rays. On a bench by the wall crouched the bowed , and stricken form of Roger Holt, his fnco buried in his hands, his whole attitude expres sive of the utmost grief ; at his side stood Mr Sylvester, his tall figure looming soir.brely in the dim light ; and on the floor at their feet lay the dead form of tho little lame boy. But it jWiis not upon their faces, sad and striking as they were, that tho eyes of tho men iind woman in the opun doorway, rested most intentlv. It was upon her, tho bruised, bleeding, half- dead mother, who kneeling above the little corpse, gazed down upon it witli the immobility of' despair, moaning in utter.heed lessncss of her own condition, ' My baby, my baby, my own, own baby !' The fixedness with- 'which she -eyed tho child, though tho blood, was streaming from her- forehead, and i bathing with --'a' still deeper icd her burned and .blistered arms, made Mr Sylvester's sympathetic heart beat. Turning to the silent figure of Holt,- he touched him on the arm, and said with a- gesture in her direction. ' You have not deceived the woman ? That is really her own'child that lies .there ?' ? -The man beside him scarted,' looked up with slowly-comprehending eyes, and mechanically bowed his head. 'Yes,' assented, he, and ?relapsed into his former heavy silence. !: .'Mr. Sylvester' touched' him' again. ''If it isiher.-i, how camo she -not* to know' it ? flow could you manage to deceive sucli a woman as that?'1 Holt started again' and muttered, 'She was sick and insensible!. She never saw the baby ; I sent it away, and when she came' to herself, told her it was dead. We, had become tired of each other long bofore, and only needed the breaking of this bond to separate us. When she saw me again it :wasriwith another woman at my side, and an infant in my, arms. Tho child was weakly, and looked younger than ho was. She thought it her rival's, and I did not undeceive her.' And the heavy head again fell forward, and nothing disturbed tho sombre silence of the room but the low, unvarying moan of the wretched mother, ' My baby, my baby, my own baby !' Mr. Sylvester moved over to her side. ' Jacqueline,' said he, ' the child is dead, and you yourself are very much hurt. Won't you let .these good women lay you on a bed, and do what they can to bind up your poor blistered arms?' But she heard him no more than the winds blowing. ' My baby,' she moaned, ' my own, own baby !' He drew back with a troubled air. Grief like this he could understand, but knew not how to alleviate. Ho was just on the point of beckoning forward one of the many women, clustered in the doorway, when there came a sound from without that made him start, and in another moment a young man had stepped hastily into the room, followed by a girl, who no sooner saw Mr. Sylvester than she bounded forward with a sudden cry of joy and relief. 'Bertram! Paula! What does this mean ? What are you doing here ?' A burst of sobs from tho ugituted girl was her sole reply. ' Such . a night ! such a place !' ' lie cx cliiinipd, throwing his arm about Paula \vith a look that made hor tremble through her tears. ' Were you so anxious about mo, little one?' he whispered. 'Would not your fears let you rest ?' ' No, no ; and wo have bad such a dreadful tiino since we got here. Tho house where we expected to find you is on fire, nnd wo thought of nothing clso but that you had perished within it. But finally somo one told us to come hero, and ? ' She paused, ; horror stricken ; hor eyes hud just fallon upon tho little dead child and the moaning mot'jer. ' That is Jacquolino Japlm,' whispered Mr Sylvester. ' We have found her only to close hor eyes, I fear.' ' Jacquelino Jnpha !' Paula's hands un closed froir his arm. 'She was in tho largo tenement house that, burned first ; that is her child whose loss she is mourning.' {To be. Continued) 