MH. BTEVENSON'ld PUor I. (Ti?E TIMES ) As a writer of prose Mr. Stevenson has I loug since secured a very high position; a position, in fact, so high tlat those who care for literature as such do not willingly I pass by anything that he writes. Whether it he a story or an essay, the description of a fight at sea or fugitives crawling over a Scotch moor under a blazing August sun, a series of Sternlike meditations as he drops down a French river in his canoe, or a bit of choicely-told biography-whatever he toaches he touches with the hand of a master. He speaks as a nman to men andu ss a boy to boys, and breathes over all he writes that air which is most often missing in the works of modern men of letters, the air of living experience and intense reality. And now he comes before the world with a little, thin volume of verse, and those whose admiration of his work has been steadily growing till now must look upon the experiment with interest. and even witl anxinty. It is not, indeed, his first experiment in poetry; he has already published "A Child's Garden of Verssc," very charming and Individual, but not so serioun an effort as this. We may ay at once that, did it stand alone, there would be nothing in the volume before us to make the author fear criticism, but, even if there were, his pathetic dedication would disarm It For the book is dedicated to a whole college of physicians-to all those doctors whose cheerfulness and courage and ski I have helped the writer through a weary fight against long and disabling illness. But illoess has left ino traces in the book, save where here and there it has touched a page with indefinable melancholy, or has brought for a moment into sharp contrast the writer's joy in living and his knowledge that "the w ilows of the Styx" are not far distant The modern doctors are beginning to wonder whether genius is not always accompanied by one or other fortr of disease ; whether the fire which br-athrs through the utterances of writers of real imagination is not always accompanied by some slightly abnormal physical state, some quickening of the pulse beyond what ordinary health allows. We will leave this question to Mr. Stevenson's doctors to settle among them. selves; but of this we have no doubt, that his little volume of 140 pages is a book of genlas. It is equal to the author's prose it is charming from end to end, lightly and truly touched throughout, and instinct with the personal character of the writer. It is true that he calls it " Underwood.," taking the title from Ben Jonson, and, with a pleasing humour, he introduces It in the following quatrain: Of all my verse likes not a lnele line, Biut like my lit.le, fore ist n . mine That title from a betsr man I stole ; Ah I how much better had I sts, I'u the whole Nothing could be neater; but Mr. Steven. son most not expect his readers to agree with him. Ben Jonson was a great writer; but among the many reasons of his greatness was the fact that he was himself. And this is just what Mr. Stevenson is, a man who has in his hands a personal and individual gift with which to present his country The gift is his own, and that is why it is valued. The note of the volume is struck In a delightful little stanza, printed by itself without title Sing clearlier, Muse, or evermore be still, Sing truer or no longer stog ! No m'-" the votes of melancholy Jaques To w is a wsepiss echu io the hill; But as the boy, the pirate of the spring. From the q eon s'm a Ilvlng ilMset takes One atural v.res recapture -then be still. "One natural verve"-that is what Mr. Stevenson has given us, and it is the natural ness of what he writes that is its leading quality. His poems are the straightforward utterance of a thnroughly sane and, at the same time, exqusitely sensitive mind. It cannot hbe said thnat he has bern uninfluenced by the other poetry of the time for he is a man of letters who has read widely as he has felt deeply ; but he is entirely free from one-sidedness, from loving a fancy just becance It is recondite, from that going after strange rhymes and other torturings of speech which is the fault of so many of the distinguished poets of the present day. Mr. Stevenson suggests literary associations In asbundanco, but they are of the best sort. They are, if we may use a phrase much in favour with Mr. Matthew Arnold " of the centre." Here and there Mr. Arnold himself it suggested, I especially through Mr. Stevenson's fondness for that simple octo- syllabio couplet in which the elder poet has written so much I and so well. Now and then we have a line that recalls Wordsworth, such as "The I incomparable pomp of eve ;" one poem, "To Ia Gardener,' is almost pure Herrick ; and I most of the poems in the coltch dialect I which fill the latter half of the volume are a r literal carrying out of the old Lowland verso tradition, though they remind us of Fergureon rather than of Bourne. But all a this is just as it should he, and the literary I suggestions are such as really to enrich the volume rather than, ne is so often the case, s to obscure the author's own individuality. V It is time, however, to give a few a examples of Mr. .fevenson's verse. Here I is his cheery little Envoy, which, to be sure, pictures a very delightful framework of life d in a delightful way : Go, little book, and wish to all rFlaowras the gcrden, most In the hall, A bin of wine, a anico of wit, A house with eaws enclotsig It, A livlnq liver hy btha door. A nghtlngoa' In the eyotmore. t More ambitious is " The House Beautiful," in which the poeo gives in a couple of pages as sketch of t-e beauty of the changing seasons, than which it would be di fioult tn r find any in literature at once more simple e and more true. A eased bour?, a naked moor, A hlverlng pol behore thu door. A garden b a eO flowers and frul5 And pop ars at the garden fot : Suoh Is the place that I live in. s Bleak without and barse within. Yet shall your regsed moor revelve c The ln'omparaals pomp of see, Andth cold et rle of the dawn nbhlnd yonr shivering trees be draws; And whsus she wind trom placs to nlaes SDoth the unmoored cloud galleons obaoe, Your O ards gloom nod gleaom again, With latphe so, wish tlonclni roal, BHerseshal the wled mron aneond 5 Td heaveriht.s n crlim.on end o01 dya delleoln splndour ; bore Sho army ml tse in elsptonehr. Tbhe nsdehbore bollwh, drey or wet, Bprint shill with tender 0d merS besot; a And ohemor, me leg mOuLsere S Laks rising from the broomy loe. £nd every rley wheel and thread Ot cobweb drw'bodlnmsndrd. when dalar, iso, shall wiotr Ltime hlver thu tmp'sIc grus 'w01 i lms; S Au'uomal fruts tnchant the pool and msn tohepafrl ruts beuitlnl i; And when snuw.blabt tebs moor exptnons. 'osw shall yor chldren clop thle hbands i To maeke thls athr, onor tesmltsg, A rherrlstnd ohoangesul pnae. Ood'n bright on I otlratndi dedlc n Ofdlye a ,d anebs duollb suice. We have already mentioned the versea "To a Gardner ;" we might, did spae permit, follow it with the admirably vigo roo verses entitled "Our Lady of the Snoows" (No. 23), in which this lover of life, in all its variety and vigour, contrasts his own Ideal with that of the monks who, "aloof. unhelpful, and unkind," exist far away in their monastery among tho mouon taine. Still bntter worth quoting, because '.ore personal in interest, are the fine verses "To my Father" (No. 28g--that is, to the lant Mr. Thomas Stevenson, well known throughout Scotland as a distin guished engineer and builder of light Posue and hes hose Inasiosn 'o teso shores P Put'sdally hosew;itnumersblo slls. Daswoun ibonhlr hotlssr aod drew outs ; I romarhbli ovrer, unooutrd hopes To oor wot4 mea .. ont desklreg now, apprnsch; osI now s,,nnere. glnc' thou onc thI. oare thuer, end brlight n the Icne 5.l1, the fuonderes rctf, lhb long. rrsouudlug fce. ltnd Pbhrm? tsods. Chose ore tby works o f.lher, these thy crown: whosher on hibh the nir be pure, they hbnen SAlnne t'sh yosowlh. arlseet. oad nil n.Iht Amoug the unuuomsed s'nrs o0 nod teey shlno; ' Or ebethor segt orleo sod tar and wids Thn low es~-lvlrl drown-e~c's fnds o tnn'se And all nolholbeg bh- telline hell 'sr'oun5ds Hin 'hlve, o toll ills n'eho its 'serp st, TIll the ntoes vonish. e:5l lhe sea reetrn, t aed In she hkven ,ldss tbh eleet aeoe. e. Cok In he..rst boor, the seamsn In 'ls skill MIove tubrogrh the Onmoele boy, to whens the Itow It' ravllo-t meko Ino theavr eebea.bve And tse rough h. rrI. -limb aloos the beach. iso thoe vrc'd rer the tlt1n' sebhn 'sspeks h Th'htpl.erestlag eherehybyreeftaedI?ou ,hoe end thy lights haee ted her lise Schud. Int. hauet oa don.e, and I-ce. I be basc I must arise, 0 father, and t? po t Bome i e', compl inl rg seaman pllotbrms. We are very much mistaken If this short pot m, admirable alike in the technioue of Its vwiss and in the thought and its expreassion, is anot destined to take its place among the. pee me that will live. Half the volume is, as we have said, writren in the Scorch dialect, and the due appreciation of'these poems we must leave for Scotch readers. Englishmen, however, will be perhaps more charmed than the' teesltive Scotch with the , ote in whlch Mr. Stevenson describes his diffi?oltiell in handling his native dialeat, and the mortal fear in which he stands of the critics who will distingatsh the Scotch of Lauderdale from the Scotch of Angus, and both these fro : that of the r[othlans. " Let the pre cisiane," he writes, "'call my speech that of the Lotl-lons. And'if it be not pure, alas f whit mattersit ? The day draws near when this Illustrious and malleable tongue shah be quite forgotten; and Burns's Ayrshire and' Dr. Mac4onaid's Aberdeen.Awa', anda Sott's brave metropolitau utterance will be all equally the ghosts of speech. Till then I would love to have my hour as a native Maker, and be read by my' own countryfolk in our own dying language -an ambiiron surely rather of the heart than of he head, so restricted as it is in prospect of endurance, so parochial in bouulle Lf space." We will content our aelvrrs with but one example of these Scotch poems, and that the poem which requires. enset aid from the gloesary-the pathetic lattlo song in which the author utters once. more the old cry about the death of friends. It's n owerotme seth efor tae an' )outh And Itbrooks ci' nen denial, Thlt the darest rirends ase the auldest frlenda Ae.d the yoenst .e Just oo trial. Tbher,' a troil he ld wl' yung an' aold Ard It's itm thee habe herel me; Fer tbn ecoret frtenn are the ?aidestfrlede And the mnlas oe mines hbs lta me. Ibere are kind helart still, for friends to fil And foon ie tekesand break bthem; But the noerses f ends are the atldeqt friends, And the grve ' the place to seek them. It in hardly poneible-in these days at all: events-that an author should take his place among the great 'poets unless he comes fore ward with a claim on the ground of quantity as well a- on the ground of quality. Mass must coumt for something, and Mr. Stevenson has not mass. No more, bowevere. has Gray or Collins; nor, for the matter of that, Catullus or even Horace-if it is not. profane to mention those old workers in gems with the men who have the misfortune to be of to-day. We will not make vain comparisons, but we will say that, within. its limited and strictly personal range, Mr. Stevenson's litle book is about as good as it could be. It Is liteaturoe, and to bow' limited a class of modern books that word belongs those know best who read moseet of them. 