IN the financial statement read. by the Coloniahli Teasuer we fail to" detect the slightest 'ttempt at keeping the pledges so solemnly given by Sir ErYna TaRKES and his supporters. during the elections. - It may be remembered that the Premier directly promised the electois of St. Leonards that if resort must be had to any .new form of taxation, it certainly would not be an income tax, but he would endeavour to originate a comprehensive 'end equitably arranged system of property taxation which would reach all classes in proportion to th9 utoa*iliy * td p'y. " In. direct' conraivention of this undertakuig.·we find Mr. Bunxs advo acting new taxation, utterly regardless of the promise that a tax was to be placed upon property. Indeed, if Sir IEfnRY's object, by the medium of the Treasurer, was, to. alienate the remnant of the poorer classes of the commuinity who niight still be credu lous. 'nough to believe in hiim, he has taken the b'estpossible steps to effect this result. The consumer's pocket is to' be drained to the utmost, and a pretty stiff attempt is essayed by the Governinont to test the patience and forbearance of the poorer classes beyond endurance. We have already acknowledged that a large section of the population, and a section which undoubtedly' includes more than its. proportionate share 'of the women of New South Wales, are comparatively indifferent to the. impositionl of a tax '.uon beer rind porter manufactured inm the colony; and, judging by our ao'astatisties,' 'it' cannot be gainsaid 'that · some ; of , our working smen as well as our wealthy would be all the:lietter for a' limited supply of '"those'." beverages, although this does. not affect.. the con tention of ' moderat'e ''drinkesr, that it is' extremoly hard to mcreage their burdens. in this direc tion in order to follow up Sir fiENv a'S creed· that the 'only' way to .res tore a buoyant tone 'to the colony is to squecze the last mite out of the working man's pocket, nor is it politio to 'hake the mode rate suffer: as scapegoats for those, who give way to excess. Those who do not indulge in the fragrant weed are apjt to think that tho use of tobacco is ablo a luxury for' which the con :sumor may fairly be' called upon 'to contribute freely to the revenue. Es tablished books of reference, .how ever, have long since laid- it down jas an ascertained fact 3 that when times of dopressson and hardship. occur it is simply adding insult' to injury to deprive a habitual smolter of his customary whiff; and 'although it' may be said that this is only one item, and hardly worth considering, we be lieve that it may, fairly .bo set forth as a typical instance of the persistence with which Sir 'fuNnY PuiKEs is determined to mako the many poor pay for the maintenance of the few rich. Every line of Mr. Bunus' .statement bristles with proofs of Kin....abject and cringing sub servience to the ferchants .of the metropolis, and has clearly received the .spurious hall mark *of'sanction impressed upon it by the large importers. Once again in the 'history of this colony Sir 'HEiNiY PEuucs has revealed his hand, and he has added-a fresh proof of the avidity with which he panders to men who hecp the colony poor, and whose favour is the very breath of life to the Premier. Further than this, wno ask any candid reader s lhe scans the list of articles mon tioned in the statement, if he can acquiesco in a sinblo proposal except that of'~ incroasing the duty on opium. Tlhis, however, is aui iunsignificant ifnpot so far as the Anglo-Saxon portionof1 the race is concerned, and it is obvious that the necessity fox any allUsio ii:to tha~t nar cotic should merge in the much larger question of what steps should be taken by New South WVales, in conjunction withtho sister colonies, to chdck in time the tendency which has manifested itself for the yellow octopus of im morality 'to oxtond 'its baneful ton tacles through the length and breadth of the land, and. sap tho physique and morale of the rising generation of the European born, besides ousting the white man from the field, as has been done to such, an enormous extent in the United States,. ospecially or the western side, and already, nearer home, in tho Northern Territory and Northeorn Queensland. This is :the ray of light that illumines the blhck darkness of Mr. Bu?nss' cruel arid' grinding statement, or rather reck less misstatement, of the,fiscalout look. ' ' The jiuerilo attompt tp' grapple with the' great 'quiesstion of the deficit is unworthy of the Colonial Treasurer, and we regret' extremely thht a member who ought to know; better has allowed himsolf to be gulled into practically ignoring the gist of the whole position in what must prove a vain attempt to bolster up the popularity of the Ministry. The only feature of consistency by which the statement is characterised is the uniform endeavour to disap point the prognostications of the hostile section of the press and of the Opposition. ; ith childish ecstasy the Premier by his ~responsible adviser mentions over and over again whant he considers wuas expected to be a sahlient ,feature, of the state mcnt, and then he glb?ries in knock ing down the house of cards which he himself constructed on the rotten foundations of a gratuitous'" assump tion. The country did not'irequire to be told how cleverly'the ?inistry had sounded the depths of thb' pihblic nmind, but:simply desired that an honest attempt, at all events, should be made to balance our income and iexpendi ture, 'and show that the" credit of this colony had not been adversely affected by the wave of depressioni by which Australia, as well as the World gene rally, has suffered more or less, and which the other day went .so near to swvamping the good name of Queens land in the London market. It may be a comfortable device for politicians who prefer the transient popularity of the hour to the coun try's permanent welfare, to shunt a deficit of two-and-a-hdlf millions and let the Government of a few years hence do the best they can with it. We think Sir EmSH nY PmnRxis, or his henchman MRr. BmuRs, must be the New South Wales prototype of the mdn who, when heavily embarrassed a-by delt, signed a promissory ino6to -it~h all. the .pleasure of life, and then, with "a sigh of relief, handed it over to 'his creditor with the cheering remark,; "Thank Heaven, that's paid." The country hlis yet to learn the fairness of attempting to saddle posterity with bygone debts, or of initiating in this colony that wanton tendoneny of augmenting the national indebtedness by funding the deficit -a device which it is scarcely neces sary' to remind our readers forced Turlkey to repudiate her liabilities. Wo have no doubt that if. Sir HE?m Y considered that repudiation of. our responsibilities would enable him to retain his grasp of: the reins of office, he ,would welcome such a manoeuvro with gushing thankful ness; but weo are greatly .mistaken in the.temper, not only of theo Oppo sition,-but of a very large section of the Premier's apparent following, if .the debenture proposals are not treated to a full,measuro of the scathing de nunciation which they deserve. Un paralleled in audacity and 'pormeated with the'most vicious principles, this statement, as it .at present stanids presumes to announce 1o the world that honesty of purpose is utterly foreign to the intentions of a Ministry whio, in 'their greed for the sweets of. office, would sulvert all the principles' iof,legitimate ~finance. ' . Sic?n the foregoing commeits were put in type we have been placed in possession, by a late telcgram from our Sydnoey correspondent, of the fact that a caucus meeting of members of the Oppositidozwaslargolj attendedyester-i. day afternoon, when the fiscal proposals of. the Governisieit 'i'roe'reviewed atlength,and itwas ddIsided that theiriolicy, both as rogirds the Customsproposals and the AiendedLasid Bill, has been framed exclusively in the in terest of the wealthyl classes, to the detri ment and loss of the masses. In the intorest of the working classes, the Opposition ald determined therefore to strenuously resist the increased duties proposed to be placed on the necessacris of lifoe, which in some eases dro: thlireitened with an additional impost of 30 per cont., whilst; thle. Weallthy aro allowed to go free, and an attempt is even made to relieve them of thie presont ?tax upon luxuries which are used only by tlhe riclh. The unfairness' of the Treasurer's schome ..was warmly :condoemned,: and theoro is no doubt that a hot discus Sion .will ensue whmn the dobato commences next o wok. lmready,wo ae pleased to learn, tlhoro are signs of evident disaffection ainongmt those who havro ruti counter to the dictates of consoieneo in their eagerness to swell the rmajority. It is becoming day by day.more apparent that Sir ,ITENY' PARKaEs triel in a shamoless fashion to hoodwink the electors into believing that Freetrahdo and Protection wore on their trial,.when hlie him self raised the ghost at which hlie professed to be so terrified, and which he promised to lay. We believe thabt a certain modified assistance to certain native industries is desirable, and, as we have repeateily urged, we consider tha~t a reansonable stimnuhie would ena?ll is to start in New Soutlh Wales-- and pcrhaps in this city of Ne.wcistleo-an establiin?mont which would quickly vi din sitccess aifihlo the Phownix Foundry of Balliarib. But althouglh. a large number ofPtheo.ngembr4 of the ,prosnt Hlousc ;dissent~ from the: propdsal .to' stud INow South , Walc ~svith 'nanufacturiing contrcs, either by the construction of locomotives or. othorwiso, this.. dif forenco of opinion will) ' nqt ,proven~t a great cdalition being fonrmed from both sides o'flthe Iouse; and tl!;hat unmitod body will, we trust, sink minor, diffrences in a strecnuous attempt to save theo colony from fiscal changes vwhich would still further enrich thi well-to-do and impoverish thio struggling classes. 