¡ F HUI à il.*, li «v/lífl ,1 [sow max puBLTsasp.] A GAME OF CHANCE I BY ELLA J. CtJETIS. j (SHIBX.BY 8M1TB), Author of "The Favourite of Fortune," "All for Herself," "His Last Stake," Ac, Ac. [TUE RIGHT OP TRANSLATION IS RESERVES] CHAPTER XXXvT-Miss MASHAM HAS HEB SUSPICIONS. " And BO he is back again from America ? That is good newB so far. The speaker was little MÍBS Masbam ; she was in her own dressing-room at the Rosary, and the visitor she addressed was Letty Erskine or Mrs. Herbert Otway, as she had a right to be called, and as she was always called at Little Centre Bridge. It was true, and known to everyone in the town, that abe and her husband had parted at the Church door so to speak; but the marriage had not been an- nulled, and to all intents and purposes the pair were man and wife although they never met, never wrote to one another, and, for what outsiders knew, never thought of one another. But as to the thinking, only Otway for himself, and Letty for herself could speak ; but it is a fact that ahe believed firmly he bad forgotten her, and he had no reason to think that the girl who had behaved so heart- lessly to bim on ber wedding day, had fallen desperately in love with him three days later, and would have aacrified everything she possessed (except her stubborn pride, of course) to hear him say once more " Letty, I love you." In many respects she was very much altered since the day, now more than a year ago, that she and her husband of an hour, had stood face to face in the drawing-room in Halkin street. In person she was more attractive ; her saucy, sparkling, girlish beauty had gained some quality impossible to define in words ; her pretty, slender figure had filled out and matured without the loss of an iota o{ her girlish grace ; and if more silent and thoughtful than of old, she spoke to more purpose now than in. the days when words and gay repartee seemed to fall together from her pretty lips I She could not io the least understand her- self how euch a change had come over ber since she began to love the man whoBe affec- tion abe had scorned and repulsed ; it seemed now that to think of him, and to live over again in memory the days she had spent with him during their engagement, mode up the happiness of her life ! How kind he had been I How tender ; how indulgent to- her absurd caprices ; how patient, und oh, how laving ! And how had she cepsid bim I With stupid sarcasms she was ashamed to remember ; with coldness-with indifference, and too often with unwomanly displays of Íietulance and temper ! Oh, for the power to ive tint year over again ; to undo all that she had done, and bind to her for ever and ever tito one man in the world whom she could honour as well as love I That was how ehe put it ! she was now se prone to exalt bim as unduly as, in her blindness, she hod debased him I But, cherished in secret, it was but natural that her repentance and love should grow, the one more absorbing, the other more pain- ful in its depth and sincerity. No one sus- pected what was going on in her mind, for the {lassion of pride was almost as strong os the ovc and repentance put together. Remember- ing Otway s outspoken Boora on the day of their final separation, Bhe would have died > rather than approach bim as a suppliant.for love and forgiveness. Her father and aunt, who bad at first taken the matter very much to heart, were now resigned to what appeared inevitable; they had outlived the awkwardness of having to explain that Letty and her husband bod parted on their wedding day, and that there was no hope of a reconciliation ; and she lived on quietly at the Chose, and she might have taken up her old life and been happy enough but for the cruel pain at her heart, and the daily renewed and fierce struggle, that always ended ia the same way, between love and pride. Letty had always liked Miss Masbam, but of late, the two bad become very fast friends indeed. The reason Was not hard to find ; the old lady was the only one who ever spoke to her of Otway. What she said waa not always pleasant to bear, but Letty would haye endured more disagreeable words for the satis- faction of beariog his name. - She kept her < Beeret most jealously guarded from this candid and clear-sighted friend, but, nevertheless, Miss Masbam suspected that Letty was Uss indifferent than she seemed, although to her the girl always dwelt Upon Otwayi declar- ation that his bride's treatment of him had given thc death blow to his affection,!or her. "He ie not the man I take hjtn 'for, if he would do anything of the .kind," the old lady, used to say to herself ; "but, at the eurie time, If women ore capricious, men are 'fickle and it may be out of sight out of mind with bim." , . . i On this particular afternoon, Letty had walked over to the Rosary to spend an hour, or two with her old friend ; and ber, pony carriage was to call for her about six o'clock. Miss Masbam was full of the news of L»dy Judith Foster's approaching marriage to Mr. Milbanke, whioh she had heard that morning from Dr. Murray, and he had ihad hi»infor- mation direct from Lord Stillingfort himself, " And from what the doctor tells «ne, my dear," ehe said, .' I am afraid they haye.hod a great deal of trouble on account oj that handsome young organist, Charlea Roaaltur. It seems he went to Lord Stillingfort and proposed in form for the young lady ; and then it was that they found out «he ana be used to meet four or five times a week in the woods." "I think it is very wrong to force ber to marry Mr. Milbanke if she cares for Charles Rossitur," said Letty. "Dear me, are you coming ont as an advocate of romance I" cried Mils Mashnm. " And why should I not ?" asked Letty, quickly. "Are not all women romntio? I believe Judith cares for young Rossitur ; why then, should not Lord Stilhngfort do some- thing for him : nd let them marry!" " Because, my dear, in the fi ret place, the Stillingforts are as proud as Lucifer, and they do not believe 'that.rank ia but the guinea «tamp,' unless the commoner bas plenty of stamped guineas ; and, in tbe second, because I believe that Lady Judith herself does not love this youth enough to give np position and money for his sake." " A woman ought to sive np everything in the world for the man ene loves," "Dear me, now, is that so!" «aid Miss Masham, with her little head on one side like a pert bird. " I thought love had gone out of fashioD ages and ages ago. Bot, no doubt, you know more about it than I do." " Indeed I do not I never was in love, and I never mean to be." " That being the case, it is a pity yon happen to be married." And then came tbe abrupt remark: "And so he is back from America ?" "If you are speaking of Mr. Otway, I believe be came back from Florida a fortnight ago." " And is there any chance of our seeing him down here? He ia arnon we all like very much-at least I can speak for myself." "'I should think Little Centre Bridge is about the bist place in England he would come to." " That is strange, too, considering that his wife lives there." '* Now, M ¡BS Masham, yon know perfectly well that be and I would go a hundred miles out of our way to avoid one another." "I know nothing of the kind ; and I think if you did you would take a great deal of un- necessary exercise. I believe if you were to I write to-day and say, "Herbert, come;" he would telegraph to say, " Letty, I am coming ;" and when yon met yon would rash into one another'« arma I" " I am quite «ore I shouldn't rush into his." .': ! r,T ' ' w , -rn'1 -r-rrz "But if te rmmed into yours it would do just aa well." letty shook her head, *' Then, my dear girl, if you do not love Herbert Otway (and if / were a young lady and married to him I should simply adore such a nice handsome fellow) it is your duty to have the marriage annulled, and to marry someone else, and to allow him to warry, too. " I do not want to marry anyone." "But he may have fallen In love with some girl he met in America, You can't tell. Thc American women are very fascinating, and it is a shame to keep him gagged and bound when you do not want bim yourself." " I do not want to keep him, I assure you," Letty answered with some asperity. " He may marry a dozen American women, cue more fascinating than the other, if fae likes." " I have no doubt one would satisfy him, but he ought to be free to choose. What in the world is the matter with the child now J" Letty's face had flushed suddenly from chin to brow, and as suddenly the colour all faded away again, leaving her as white as a ghost. " Look, look, MisB Masham," she cried. " Do you see who is coming up the drive ?" Miss Masbam ran to the window aud looked out. 1 "Herbert Otway himself," she exclaimed : I " Now, Letty, faint in bis arms, and every- thing will come right." But Letty drew herself up stiffly. " I am not going to meet him," she said. (Tobe continued.) 