DISTRICT OF LIGHT. MR. GLYNN AT KAPUNDA On Monday evening, March 7, Mr. P. McM. Glynn addressed a very large number of elec- <*> tors of the district' of Light in the Kapunda Institute. The chair was occupied by Mr. Jambs Wheatlet (Mayor of Kapunde,*, who intro ductd the candidate. andrqueaSed a fair ?ud impartial bearing for Mr. Glynn, Mr. Gltkn, who was received with loud cheers, said he had determined to depart trom the conventional mode of procedure, and hai consequently come forward wicbuat aay requisition, as be d.'d not believe in tb*?iu. Some people said he had not a ghost <A a chance because he was a lawyer, but he-sertaiuly thought tbt re was as much political morality among lawyers in South Australia as there was in any other class. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe in offering himself as one of th>>3e political nonentities who half believed in everything and wholly in nothing, and whether he was elected or not it was his intention to take a definite stand on certain questions, and hold to the views which he would shortly propound to them. (Hear, hear ) Coming to bis political views, tbe first thing he would say to them was we must have more taxation. He daresay some people would say there was absolutely no necessity for such a coarse, but whoever made such a remark was not a states man. (Applause.) For the last five or six. years we had been going to the bad at the rate of £250,000 a year, and on December 31 but our deficit was a little over a million, Tney mnsttake into account that that sum would have been increased by an amount of £175,000, which was transferred from the Northern Territory account to that of South Australia proper, and a further sum of £75,000 would be absorbed from the Real Property Assuranos Fund. So the position was this—if they got the deficit wiped out to-morrow they would still need to raise £290,000 of taxation. Per haps it would be said, "Do it by retrench ment,'' but how was it done by the last Parlia ment ? They did not attempt it or to stop the growth of the deficit either. Now he believed it might be possible to save £60,000, £70,000, or perhaps £100,000 by retrenchment per annum, but even if they did they must adjust tiie incidence of taxation, for every single cent, that would be got by retrenchment must be taken off the backs of the working classes. (Applause). At tbe present time they were taxed exceedingly heavy, and he thought that a redaction should be made in the Customs duties. Now, the Treasurer had said recently at the Town Hall that there was necessity for more taxation, and Dr. Cockbuxn had echoed the same opinion. They were both members of ths Government, bo we must make our minify up to this. No retrenchment will make the revenue equal to tne expenditure, so we must | raise additional revenue by taxation. How were we to raise it? He thought we should cease endeavoring to raise any more revenue through tile Customs. It was not fair to put ad ditional taxation on the people who principally contributed to the revenue through the Cus toms. Both Dr. Cockburn and the Treasurer had said that we should go in for direct taxa tion ; so the issue bad come to this —we moat either increase the land tax or the property tax as well; His principle was that whatever revenue was required it ought to be raised by direct taxation on tbe unimproved value of the land. (Applause). He would endeavor to (how them that it was the best and mast economical tax for the fanners who would pay less than under a property tax, and that it was a tax and the only tax that would get at wealthy monopolists, who got all the benefit of public expenditure and contributed practically nothing to that revenue. (Applause.) To raise any thing like a revenue that was required the tax should be at the rate of 3d, in the pound, but be wanted to adjust it so that it would not faQ on the fanners, but on the wealthy monopolists. The assessment of the Commissioner of Taxes on land upon which the present land tax was raised wsb £45,186,000. We ought to take off that the amount origi nally paid to the State, which in round num bers was £10,000,000, so that the taxable asaees ment would be £35,186.000. Now let as see how much we would get from that provided the property tax was 2dL in the pound. They would think that a property tax which fell on the land and everything else wonld bring in more than a simple land tax. Well, it would bring in about the came. Mr. Bray proposed to exempt property op to £500. He found that a land tax at 2d. in the pound wonld yield £293,216, which was an increase of £199,077 on the present land tax. He also proposed that the 5 per cent, exemption under the Act should be dispensed with. They knew that was simply a dodge of tbe wealthy classes, and owing to that tbere was only 1 per cent, who paid any income tax at all. Tbe exemption was absolutely aseless to the farmers, for what farmer was tbere who had more than £300 a year profit? Hence tile ex emption of £300 was quite sufficient to exempt the farmer. He proposed that the income tax exemption should be reduced to £150. In England he thought the exemption was about £50 per year. He considered that whatever a man possessed over £150 annual income he should pay some tax on it, at least for the present. He thought we ought to double the present note tax. That tax waa rnirmosed to bring in £10,000. Now he estimated that if it were doubled it would realise £18,000 per annum. We would thus get an nHrHtjn^iJ sum of £8,000, or a total of additional revenue of £232,077. The policy he was prepared to support wa?thattnerevenaeshoald be improved. at once. They should not listen to any twaddle about retrenchment being sufficient. He would now come to the property tax of 2d. in tbe pound. On the Treasurer's valuation it would produce an increased revenue of £247,861, but we must deduct tbe difference between £13,000, tile cost of collection, and the £5,000 which it cost for collection now tinder tbe land and income tax. That would give them £239,861, so that practically there was no difference. He bad previously said that the Customs duties ought to be reduced as a matter of justice to the woiking classes. (Applause). They would think we would lose a considerable amonnt of revenue. Well, it was not so. A reduction in the departmental expenses would accomplish sufficient to make up for tile deficiency, and he said that if they reduced the Customs duties by one-fourth there would be no difference in the revenue. As a matter of fact it was the expe rience in England that a moderate reduction of Customs duties had led to an increase of revenue. The people consumed more, and the revenue proportionately increased. In 1835 there was an increase in the New South Wales tariff, and the imports as a consequence were considerably reduced. Take the imports from Victoria. In May, 18S5, they were £49,~1P, but in May of the subsequent year owing to in creased duties they were only £33,466. Bathe wonld go further and appeal to the experience of England. In 1850 England bad through the Customs 1,116 taxable articles, but in 1880 there were only 45. As a matter of fact daring all that period the Customs revenue brought in about £23,000,000 every year. That was doe dot to an increase of population, but to the fact that the imports had considerably increased, and tbe consumption of the articles was greater. Mr. Glynn then cited several instances of the fall in price of necessaries, and a greater average in the consumption per head, in support of bis views. Why was it that tne Customs duties should be reduced? At the present time the bulk of the Customs taxation was raised on the necessaries of life, and ths people who had to pay for these were the masses. The revenue from Customs duties amounted last year to £116s. 4d. per head. It was more the year before, and more the year before that. Bnt we must add three-fourth* more, for what the State received was not what the taxpayer paid. He had to pay upon the profit of the importer as well as toe retailer, and the cost of collection, which waa between £18,G00 and £20,090 per year. Mr. Glynn was of opinion that this was an unjust way of raising revenue, because a man who was in receipt of £10,000 a year paid just the same as a nan who only got £100 a year.. These Customs duties pressed much moca. heavily an roamed men than on single, becaase> a single man only kad one mouth to feed, whereas a married nan. provided he di^his. duty i had a good icany more. (Load bvighter and cheers.) The Customs returns f? 1885 showed that the revenue got by the duty, upon bumine amounted to £13,430, that was upon; a taxable value of £38.393. Adding t? that the three-fourths additional nferreoL to '. it would make the doty on tile kscsaine about half as much again as it would b? without it, so that if they now pud ss. per gaitoo for kexoaina I they would get it fr, r 2s. Take tea again, for instance. Tbe valve of the tea imported, upon which dirty was received in 1885, amounted to £121,515. Tbe, duty amounted to £30,074. and the incidence on the coaMUL.er, £32,074. The tea sold for Bb. 2d. per lb?, but had it come is free it could have been sold for la. 6d. Mr. Gljrm also quoted figures in iwgard to duties, on and price of sugar, coffee, and currants, and afked them, in the face of what he had Baid, If they did not think that the Customs duties ? a necessaries should be oompl?t?ly aboliab/jd. (Uproar.) As he had said before there otuht to be a tax ou land, but not on la&d; aud. pro perty. (Uissent) A tsx on land simply tuok eorce percentage of the increased value of the bed through public expenditure, for Ua popu lation increased in a country tbe tend vaioa on the whole cow. He did oot cay the value of the country hjndj cose, because w ? matter <* Tact they had not generally dtfne so in Sonth Australia, bnt the Tains of the whole of the alienated lands did, and he would show them that the tax he proposed to levy would not (all on the country lands, but on the city and suburban land*. (Applause.) What w?8 the effect of an increase of popula tion and mechanical appliances on property. It was not to lower prices by competition, therefore while land values went up property went down. Was it just for us to say we would tax property, which sank in value by competi tion, and not land, which increased. Without going into the economic question he would endeavor to show them how his plan would affect the fanners and the large landed owners and syndicates. Take in the district of Light, for instance, A farmer had 460 acres, of au unimproved value of £1,306. His present tax waa £2 14s. sd. a year, but according to his principle he would hare to pay nothing if they took away the amount originally paid to the State, because there was no increased value. (Applause.) I>et them consider for a moment how Mr. Bray's proposition of 2d. in the pound would affect the tanner. The unimproved value of the land was £1,306, and the improve ments were valued at 30s. an acre. That amounted to £690, and other things possessed by the farmer might be set down at £100 This gave a total of £2,096, from which, if they took the exemption of £500, £1,596 would remain to be taxed. Twopence in the pound on that would yield £13 os. 6d. per year, or a penny tax £6 13s. Add to that the one-fourth Customs duties re duced as he proposed, which would give £3 155., and the farmer under the 2d. property tax would contribute £17 Is. Now be was coming to the men he wished to catch—the big landowner*. There was a property bolder in Light who possessed 48,111 acres, and the un improved value was £144,550. The present tax on that was £30125. 11M. Take off £106,339, the amount paid originally to the State, and then the unearned increment was £38,211. £48112?. 6d. would be the tax on this. Now there were a great many who were looking upon him as a revolutionist and said he was gouxrto rob them, but he asked them, was that robbery? ("No," and applause,) Let them look at it from another standpoint. If the State charged 6 per cent, rental on (he un earned increment of £38,211 it would have taken £1,911 a year, or at 2i per cent £965. He was not however asking for '& per cent, rental, bnt only for £431 13*. 6d., which they might in common justice ask, seeing bow these large landowners monopolised land that might be well sustaining a decent and healthy peasantry. (Applause.) This land question was really a city question. A naa had a city block valued at £10,000. The present tax on that was £20165. Bd., and lie ptorytod to take off the amount in every cue originally paid the State; £1 was paid originally, awl that left an unearned incre ment of £9,999 to be taxed. Upon his prin ciple be would have to pay £82 9s. 10d. 9 and he asked tbem if they did not think that was just. (Applanse and interruption.) His tax was a tax upon city and unused buds. He would go further, and compare the city with the county of Light. There were 662,191 alienated acres m Adelaide, and 519,113 in the county of light. £460,680 was originally paid in Ade laide* and£7l9,679in Light; there waa conse qne?tb/4Bore paid for the country land than for the efty land. Now, the unimproved awwuwiit of the county of Adelaide waa £22.5*4,831. u>d for Light £1,918,468. They conM see that the unearned increment of the city aaumnted to £22.094,251, and of Light to £1,191,189. The present tax upon city land was £3,986, and £9,957185. 2d. for Light: but nadir bis system while Light would only have to pay £6,971 Adelaide would have to p?y £145,400 of the increated tax. Now let tbetn creep in closer still to the city. In the hundred of Adelaide there were 60,016 ?nt alienated, the unearned increment being { £14,€88,G63, the tax upon that would be.' £111,904, or more than one-third of the total j tax rased in the colony. (Applause.) He was ! opposed to the sale of Crown lands for the pur- ! pose of wiping out our deficit Considering i there was no immediate necessity for clearing I off tins said deficit, but he would be in favor of \ inning exchequer bills for that purpose. ' There was nothing to prevent them setting ! aside ? portion of surplus revenue to be devoted ' to the redemption of these Treasury bills. He ' objected to the Treasurer's scheme of selling ' land in the?et>tre of South Australia. Before I disposing t>f our land we-should remember our posterity, and take warning from the condition of' Scotland, Ireland; and England, where laadlordim wac each acune. If they sold the land in the centre of Australia the erection of public works, railway*, &c.;, would entail a cost that would swallow up all they bad received for tb* bod. Mr. Gljnn deprecated the hold ins; of extensive tracts of land by wealthy landlords, and referred to evictions as being 1 the necessary result of landlordism. He was j opposed to Cbaffey Bros.' scheme, contending ' that it would have a serious effect on ' the navigation of the Murray, especially as ! thty were-gring to tap it higher up in Victoria. i He- woold like to have seen it carried out as a Govefnnenttradertaking, for it would not have \ been ?rdifficult thing to have got skilled irri gation flngmeens from India to have managed ' the affair; and be quoted figures to show how j reammerative similar works bad been in India, ; where- the irrigation works were carried out j under the control of the State at a profit rang- ; ing from 7 percent to 40 per cent. He would be-opponed to the passing of the Local Govern ment Bill vade?s it were considerably modified, and the shires so arranged as to secure a com xcumty of interest. Hr. Grynn would not favor the wslruetiu? of speculative railways or puUk works, and would oppose the proposed ! Augatton raflwmy, which was amply intended i iobneft one or two large landed proprietora. (AMlaase.) He was opposed to the Phillips Foadsia?way. but was in favor of payment of ifiirtiwii, believing that it would uecui'o ' better representation for the working classes. * lovoeclnKon be promised tiietn tint U elected fcffWV?jfltift hrs utmost to benefit the district annVtfceeakciy at large, and was loudly cheered j on'resuming'fats seat, ! Mr. Jesktjt Coles said he had listened with preat treasure to Mr. Glynn's able spaeeh. He (Mr. Coles) would address the electors on Wteduetday, when be would take the op txatuutty of replying to Mr. Glynn's argn- ; meat*, (Applaoae,) I Me liavel proposed Kir. Glyna?aa> Stand tmparpanm to represent tbe district oi Light id 4he forthcoming Parliament. The&ev.J..; Vf. £uxr wanonded. and the uotian having bean ?ojpcated was canifldrinan?nooflly ?nM A Mb r* &m;*&* tn thanhalTvmar. ckWCd tfae proceedings, j 