A.CTA. EOPULI. ' ? ' By the Flaneur. The actors are at hand, find by their show, ' You shall know all that you are like to know. i . ? — Midsummer's Night's Dream. On the 20th inst. Professor Parkes' Grand Com bination Circus opens with the same old ring , master, the same old grouud-and-iofty tumblers, ,the same old balancing posturers and jugglers, the same old clowns, and the same old ' wheezes,' gags, and farces. Like the general run of circus shows, however, the most astounding part of the above company's performances will be found, not In the arena, but on the bill- posters issued bv the ?business manager. In spite of all their hifulatin Blastings promises the Parkes party have done nothing of any importance since they came into power, and before the year is out they will do ess. Our deficit, instead of being reduced, has actually been increased ; for, according to the returns for the respective quarters of 1886 and 1887, ending on the 30th June in each year, we find that the much-maligned Treasurer Jennings . spent only .=82,297,196, while clever Mr. ' Cocky' Burns got through .£2,406,829 while he held the bag. (N.B. — Judas Iscariot once carried the bag, .but with, all his faults he was a careful Trea surer,) Returning from Judas to Sir 'Enry, it is true that the latter has put forward a splendid pro gramme for the coming season ; but it is safe to say that no one outside of our lunatic asylums believes he has the slightest intention of carrying it out — in fact the thing would be impossible, un ..,less the Session was prolonged till Anno Domini 1999\. First of all we are told that one of the slaughtered innocents of the last Session — the Railway Bill — is to be reintroduced, and then the ' good Government' will auk Parliament to ' con sider and carry into law a measure which would give a sifting process to the evidence on which every great expenditure for public works was sought to be sanctioned by Parliament/' ' That would be very nice,' as the Rev. Robert Spalding observed when told he might be shipped off to the Mormons and compelled to marry 37 wives ; but cute Sir 'Enry is a deal too clever to commit suicide in that fashion. The moment he even hinted such a thing inside the House, that moment every road and bridge member present would rise and clamour for the Grand Old Mountebank's head on a soup-dish. It has been remarked that nothing can be expected from the coming Session, b ecause the continuous binjie-bursting campaign which . has been indulged in has prevented Ministers from consulting with each other, and making up their minds on some decided course of action. This may pass very well with those gullible gentlemen called the ' Marines,' but it is far too .thin for the bulk of our community. There is but one mind to make up, and that is Sir 'Enry's, . for he is the Government, and might truly sing, . after the Bab Ballad hero's style — ' ' , :? Oh, I am the cook and the captain bold And mate of tho Now South brig, i : A bOBon tight and a midshipmite And crow of the captain's gig. One remark recently made by the Premier calls for more than a passing notice. Having finished ? another £5 feed at Forbes, Sir 'Enry testily de clared that ' decentralization was a term that fell very glibly from thoughtless lips.' Now, considering that the 'escaped' Haynes is stumping the country, and shouting the battle cry of decentralization iu every town, and '?? village, and blackfellows' camp he comes to, Sir 'Enry's observation is peculiar. It may ' be nothing more than a trick of two partners in huckster's business who run branch shops, and \- cry each other down to attract notice and push trade. On the other hand it is just possible that our cunning old dog-fox Premier smells a rat, and, remembering the old Latin proverb merx ultronia putct —proffered wares stink — he distrusts the loudly -proclaimed friendship of the ' ex '' denominational savage.' Still worrying his theme, however, Sir 'Enry declared that if coun try districts demanded decentralization they must take the lean portion with tiie fat, and they must i. ' have the responsibility of maintaining their own $H».ttjiSrs, lunatics;, and prisoners, and bearing all their other btardtfns themselves.' This no doubt will cause our country cousins to go slow, and think twice about the business, and in all pro bability their second thoughts will be, ' Hang Mudgee H.'ayne& and his blessed decentraliza tion.' Apropos to gaols, one ol; t!iG most troublesome of our present social problems is : — 'What shall we do wi-li our criminal classes ?' Like the rabbits our criminals are increasing, and it will soon be necessary to offer another .£25,000 reward for the best means of putting down, this growing evil. In view of this I have prepared a little scheme of my own which I think will carry off the prize. It is very simple— merely this. First catch your crinniVi'-i, and then shooG him, or her, as the case may be. This plan would reduce the population greatly, I admit, but only thiuk what a glorious race the sole survivors would be. There would then be no necessity for poor-houses, gaols, and lunatic asylums at all, and Mudgee Haynes — if alive and well — could then sail in and spread his decentralization elixir 7ft. thick throughout the land. We would all be so many earthly cherubim and seraphim, and house-rent and butchers' meat and gas and water rates would ? fall to 15 degrees below zero, to the great delight of ' Me andDawvid Buchanan.' This scheme is not original, juL I: . L- j a^t 11.3 good as if it was — perhaps a tiifle better. I cribbed it out of an old Persian work called the ' Yaggag jozabad,' written by one El Flikard, who de scribes a model community which ran smoothly along for years withoxxt either gaols, pauper asy lums, Civil-Service Boards, Law-courts, Social Purity Associations, Salvation Armies, or any other sort of nuisance whatever. If a postmaster was required, there was no scheming to get a well-connected young man the billet, no blather ing about qualifications or bonds or the like, but the party who applied first got the job. If he proved a decent, honest, capable man, well and good — if he didn't, he was hauled along and shot, and the next candidate filled the vacancy. When ever a railway accident occurred through neglect or carelessness, the offender was hanged before even the evening papers had time to get out a special edition of the disaster. On one occasion the whole of the railway officials were turned off one morning before breakfast, and after that they gave no further trouble. Neither did their suc cessors, for the new commissioner had his meals brought to his office for fear of a slip being made, and a miniature gallows, capable of hanging one at a time, was erected in every locomotive, just by way of a gentle reminder for the drivers and guards. The same rule applied to everything. One day the National Bank suspended payment, and every man, from the directors down, was promptly suspended in an hour after. As a rule the rogues fared better than the fools ; for if any of the State cash went astray and the delinquent owned up that he stole it, the authorities felt a sort of pity for him, and hanged him straight away ; but if he said he lost it they dressed him up Guy Fawkes fashion first, and then rode him round the city in a wheelbarrow amidst quite a jubilee display of fireworks, after which they hanged him from a lamp-post, and roasted a bul lock whole, and had the gayest old time imagin able ; all of which must have been highly disgust ing, if not positively annoying, to the corpse. Now, I'd like to know * what the 'good Govern ment' would think of a plan like that for dealing with the trouble caused by the steady growth of our criminal classes. The great drawback to the above scheme . is, . that if it was thoroughly and honestly carried out there would be no one alive to celebrate our centenary except Ebenezer Vickery, G. A. Lloyd, and Pastor Allen. This would be a serious incon venience to myself, and so I have thought the matter over again, and come to the conclusion that one of the chief causes of crime in this colony is the fighting-cock style we feed our. crimi' nals when in gaol. Not long; ago a sporting friend of mine told me he had backed a certain pugilist for a glove fight. ' You've been nipped this time, then,' said I, 'for your man has only just come out of gaol.' . ' That's the' very reason I've backed him,' replied my friend, 'for there's nothing like the gaol training- to put a man in thorough condition.' He was right too. A rather lengthy stay in gaol had converted a sodden-skinned, bloated mass of beer- soaked blubber into a clean, sturdy, active athlete, such as the 'talent' of Greece and Rome loved' to gaze at, and put their little piles on, in days of yore. From this exponent of the ''noble art' I learnt that the gaol diet, which, together with cleanliness and ' keeping good hours,' brings the human form into such prime condition, consists of ljlb. of wheat bread, ^lb. maize meal, loz. fresh meat, alb. vegetables, ^oz. salt, loz. sugar, £oz. soap, £oz. rice, and I think he also said 'plum duff,' or some such second course dainty, was added on Sundays. My informant further observed he had 'nipped a ticker and was put by for a stretch of 18 moons,' and if the ?\oz. of soap had been changed foe 'bacca, no one could wish for better living than could be had in gaol. No wonder our prisons are so well patronized, and no wonder many a poor, starving, shivering wretch commits a crime simply to enable him to enjoy the comfortable quarters and invigorating board at Read's popular Family Hotel. As a set-off against the above, here is the Christ Hospital, London, diet, on which Leigh Hunt fed and fattened. ' Breakfast, half a loaf of bread and a, pint of water. Dinner, same quantity of bread, with meat every second day only, and that a very small slice, and often so tough that it was not eaten. On the other days we had a milk porridge ludicrously thin, or rice and milk, which was better. There were no vegetables or puddings. Once a month we had roast beef, and twice a year a dinner of pork — one roast, the other boiled, and on the latter occasion we had our only pudding, which was of peas. For supper we had a piece of bread with butter or cheese, and then to bed.' This was the fare on which the Blue Coat Boys feasted and grew into such men as Leigh Hunt. In case my shooting scheme for the suppression of crime is considered undesirable, I would suggest that our present sumptuous gaol diet be toned down, and I ven ture to think our criminals would not hanker so much after the accommodation of Read's Hotel if the bili of fare was drawn up on a scale similar to that of Christ's Hospital. ? With the exception of wearing a tall, black, stove-pipe hat, there is nothing in the heavens above, or the earth beneath, or the torrid zone still lower down, that the heathen Chinee will not do to earn an honest shilling. I was recently re minded of this by a conversation which took place in a certain warehouse in this city. A remarkably sprucely-dressed, oily-looking sort of sanctimonious Mongolian Chadband entered, and the manager at once called out, 'Hello, Mr. Bung Hi ! How is it you've not sent in that chest of drawers I ordered ?' Mr. Bung Hi at once as sumed a look which seemed to be a cross between celestial bliss ard indigestion, and gazing heaven wards, replied, 'Me no makeo dlawers any mo'. Me welly holy man now — plentee pleachee in church, an' bling allee Chinaman to glory.' ' Oh !' exclaimed the other, ' I see ; and what do you get for that P' ' Me get one hunder twenty poun' one year, from Plotestaut Church.' 'Well,' replied the bons, 'you're a blank blank fool — that's my opinion of you.' At first the Celestial Saint was horri fied, and began to pray for the ware houseman's conversion with a 4-O-parson power; but when the sinner explained that the Catholic authorities were giving .£150 a year for a similar service, the slant-eyed saint let up on his praying at once, acknowledged he was a double barrelled fool, said he never cared much for the Protestant faith, but his friends had forced him into it, and finally implored his informant to tell him how to set about applying for the Catholic billet. That night Mr. Bung Hi threw up his situation as shepherd of the Protestant fold ; next day he had an interview with the cleric? of St. Patrick's, who sympathized with him and in formed him he had been properly 'had' in a soft spot ; and then he went sorrowfully back to his cabinet-making, and employed a pagaa assistant to sit up with him at night and help him to curse the warehouse joker back to the 47th generation. Next to sewing-machines and patent medicines I tnink the principal export of America is plat form lecturers. Every second man in America must be a lecturer, and if a poll-tax is not soon in flicted on all those who land here, wo must as suredly be talked to death, unless John Cash Neild comes to the rescue and kills a thousand or two every week with that wonderful jaw-bone which none can wield like himself. The last Amurrukun 'talkist' is one Major Dane, and, judging from a recent lecture, his idea seems to be that we do not love the ladies as much as we ought, and his glorious mission is to troop over here and liven up our amorous propensities. Personally, I am sorry for the gallant Majah. The man who thinks we Australians do not worship women enough could never have heard of Dan O'Connor; consequently, his life must have been one of the greatest blauks ever seen outside of a church bazaar lottery. If Dan had his way every man in the land would be a woman, and every woman would be a queen. We, who have heard Dan orate on this seductive theme, need no ghost from the grave to tell us to worship lovely woman, but least of all do we reqxiire a Yankee lecturer to inform us for so much a head how the said worship should be performed. There was really nothing remarkable about Major Dane's lecture on the ' Heroic in Woman hood ' after all, if we except the larce audience that attended and paid to hear what they know perfectly well many years before. We were told that Socrates, Washington, and Wellington all had mothers ; but then the same could be said of Titus Oates, and Titus N. Owl, and Blue Beard, and Thakambau, and hundreds of other men who bore rather shady characters. If Major Dane could trot out a man who had not a mother, but evolved himself from his own inner consciousness, or was won at a Chinese lottery, that man would be someone to talk about, and his presence at a lecture would draw better than a porridge eat ing match between Sir Henry Parkes arid the Newcastle champion, Mr. BibLy. Beyond all doubt tho influence of a good mother is one of the most powerful and sacred that the earth over held ; but wo knew that before, and some of us may remember how well tho n^ was puj; by Father 'Tom' Burke when, wi,,lb ripping up the curse that follows tho divorce laws' he said — 'The seed to be planted— the formation of the soul— -is m the mother's hands ; and therefore it is that the character of the child mainly depend* on the formation which tho mother give's it 'Vhl father is engaged in his office, or atThis work all the day long. His example, whether for o-00d'or bad, is not constantly before the observant, eyes of the child as is that of the mother. All de pends upon the mother; and it is of 'vital im portance that that mother should blend in herself all that is pure, holy, and loving, and that 3he be assured of the sanctity of her position, of which Che Church assures her by the indissoluble nature of the marriage tie.' These are golden words, and should be graven on the heart of every woman in the land, for they are the words, not of a -c front seats 3s, back seats 2s' lecturer, but of a gifted man who lectured for the glory of God and the welfare of his fellow-men alone. Unfortu nately, however, all mothers are not fully alive to their grave responsibilities ; and the mind of the child — which has been aptly likened to a sheet of white paper — is now too often entrusted io ignorant nurse-girls who are allowed to scribble it all over with their ill-shaped 'pot hooks and hangers.' Major Dane told us any amount of anecdotes illustrative of woman's mental acuteness, her eagerness for acquiring information, &c;, but we heard better from Captain Cook. For instance a gentleman was deploring the death of an acquaint ance to a lady friend of the latter, when the deceased man's son came up and joined in the conversation. When he left the gentleman said ' That boy has his mother's eyes.' ' Yes,' re plied the lady, ' and I noticed that he has got his father's umbrella.' There was mental acute ness if you like. Touching the other qualification, we have heard of the old lady who seeing a man pushing a lawn-roller round, called out--' Say, mister, what are you pushing that thing along for ?' ' To roll the lawn.' ' What do you want to roll the lawn for ?' ' To make ifc level.' ' Yes, but what do you want to make it level for ?' ' That's what I was ordered to do.' ' But what did they order you to do it for ?' ' Coz they think a smooth lawn looks better.' ' Why do they think a smooth lawn looks better ?' ' I haven't time to talk — go and ask the boss.' 'Why should I go and ask the boss ?' Then the man caved in, and went off and planted behind a water-butt till the lady left, which she did after shouting out — ' Some people are so stuck-up that they can't give any one a civil answer that isn't covered all over with lace and diamonds.' The most singular part of Major Dane's lecture, however, was, that out of all the heroic women he spoke of he did not mention the name of one of those most heroic of all heroic women, the Sisters of Charity. This was 'very like delivering a discourse on Hamlet and omitting all reference to the ill-starred Danish Prince. Every creed and country has with clarion voice proclaimed the praises of these sainted women, and before Major Dane lectures again it would be well for him to learn a little of the good ' Sisters' ' his tory, and weave, it into his discourse ; for of all the world's heroic women thesi are the purest, the noblest, and the bravest— bar none. 