i*THB GOLDEN IUPlE. A BO&MNCE; O1 THE DEEiP' I dreemt a dream |hbt w s not all a dream.' Br W. CLAnK RUsaELL. CnAPTEn XX[III.-(CONTINUED.) Hiram spoke with the same perfect tone of respectfulness that had all through marked his speech and manner to the curate, only be was now very emphatic. 'Hiram,' sain Stone, 'ye've made Mr. Fortescue very pale, nmae. It's scarcely fair to him, an it's sartinly not right to me to talk as you have I'm not a man to dream. I told you t'other day that if you'll navigate the Golden Hope to where I have named the his land to he in,you'll find it there; and I took leve to fancy that Iwhen that argument was concluded it wouldn't begiven rise to again.' ' I hope ir Fortescue sees my point. I traut he do. I'm sure,' said Hiram. 'Say what any of us may, the voyage is a fanta9tic one, to be ended as you may hope, sir. I heartily pray; but there's so mnuh that's wisionary in it that who's g(in' to know the hisland ain't a wision too---' 'I'm goin' to know it I' cried Stone. 'Ay. an' so you may, but aren't delusions natisfyin' to the minds that entertains them ? Don't a mad woman when she call's herself the lempreas o' Proosia, believe that she's thatparty? William, you may be the sanesl man as ever trod the decks of a ship, and yet fancy you'd been shipwrecked, and talk about where it had happened. Onderstind--' ' Mr. Stone.' said Forteacun, in a low trembling voice, turning his ashen fac,' upon the old sailor, ' you .have not ideceived me!' 'Sir, as there's a Godj in heaven, what I told you was the truth, and nothen: but the truth.' ' You will swear It ' The old man lift-d both hands, looking up to the sky. 'I swear it ' he replied, with profound devotional earnestness of em-r phasin. SWhy do you doubt him,' said Fortescue. who was trembling from head to foot, nid speaking with nervous quicknees to Iliram. ' Doubt him, air? Not I. I don't doubt him. "'iena't his belief that I doubt ; but,' cried Weeks, ' what I want to be ondslrstood is that a man may speak the truth of a lie swear, and sincerely swear to something lie believes happened, hut which never Il) I haueni, and,' he continued, drawing himnelf I erect, ' I choose this opportunity to beg of I you, Mr. Fortescue, to onderstand that if we don't see the hieland when we come to I where Bill says, it lies, the fault'll iot be I mine. ' Let that se so,' said Stone. SIt's for me,' exclaimed IIram,' to carry I the schoondr to Stone's hisland : it's for f Stone to he answerable for tile hieland being f in longitood heast seventy degrees thiroeen r minutes, and in latitood south ten degrees I and forty minutes ; and it's to you, Mr. For. t tescue, to be satiseied whether the lady you're seeking' of be on the hialaud or not, so that all consaned in this wisionary on tortakin mar feel he' dclone his duty ' a Mr. Forteecue bowed his head without , speaking. ' Sail-ho ' shouted some fellow aloft SWhere away ?' cried Hiram. SDeid ahead air.' Hiram went to the rail to look, hut, seeinz I nothing, concluded that the sail would hae hull down from the deck, and stepped below for his elxtant, with every appearance in him of being perfectly satisfied and at rest in his own mind, now that the considerations which had troubled him were put equarely belore MJr Forteecue. Stone stoodat the weather rail with folded arms looking towards the sea ahead. The clergyman walked over to him. ' Why should Captain Weeks talk as if he doubted you ?' he said, fixing his large dark eyes on the old sailor with an intensity of gaze that seemed the more penetrating for the heightening of their own natural fires by the light flowing into them off the sea and the sky. ' I don't believe he do doubt me, Mr. For. tescue,' answered Stone meeting the clergy. man's gaze with a troubled face. ' What I understand is, he fancies my island may be a delusion-only MAY be, look you, sir-and le fears, if that be so, his not findin' of it'll he set down against his nautical knowledge. The notion's been brought about by our talkin'of late. Long worages breed all sorts o' ideas. People fall out and make Iriends agin, wrongly suspect one another and rightlv ascertain the truth, and grow sorry. tet filled with miatakan notio.ns and loNes of 'eoe over and over again in a passage of three or four months. Hiram'. grown wrong headed because he saddenly becomen sensitive about his feelin'a as a navigator. But it'll c nme all right, sir.' ' Surely he can have no other reason than the one he has given for supposinm the poni. hility of your being inistaken?' said Mir. Fortescue, whose emotions would inevitably lead him into putting al sorts of construe tions upon Stone's manner, more particularly on the comparatively cool m nner he hat exhibited whilst Hiram talked. ' Well,' said Stone, ' I don't say. speaking as a nautical man myself, that his fears aren't to be appreciated If that there island wasn't there, why. if I stuck out that it wasaand you believed me and stuck out for it, too, sir, it 'ud o irtinir make hin feel boobyisl-.like wreors lh workLod out his sights and couldn't lriing nothen in the shape of no island into view. He's al owed his feelin'e is a sailor to hani tate him. And besides that-' theold fellow panned and tried to look as if he had done talking. ' lsiidee what ' said Mr. Fortescue. SWVell, sir,' exclaimed Stone, witi unne cessary energy, due to the effort he made to epeak, ' you heard IIram call this voyage visionary. It is so, and there's no use denying of it. The Lord has spoke to man in deams, and I don't doubt He spoke to you, sir. ''here's nothen else to account for so many circumstances of your wision proving true. But IIiram's got an intellect that can't rio no high no as an occasion of this sort needs. To speak the truth, which you'd always require of a man, and without a particle of offence, for his ideas can't signify anything to you, he's still of opinion that you're hacting under a Jelciaion ; and him and me talking of that, and then his wondering how the woyage'll end, has set him speculatin' on me and my i island,' ' But the island is no delusion.' ' Why, certainly, of course it ain't,' said Stone with a smile. ' No more a delasion than this here schooner is. How could a man be cast away on a delusion, swaller eulphur. -i taatin' water, and catch turtles on a delusion, t and sail away from a delusion and get th* a situation of it from the master of the weasel that picked him up.' Here Hiram arrive' on deck to ' shoot the a sun,' and the convere ,'iin between Forteecue a and Stone ceased. 'I'ne clergyman walked forwards into the e ea of the schooner, as i was at times his custom when emotion got Ii the better of him, for there oas a life hern, a i spirit of flashing and thrilling vitality, such C as he found In no other part of tile veseel. and that had often acted as a mental tonic r' when the solitude of the cabin or the same. nees of the quarter-dock would have been without influence. The men, of cnurs, I took no notice of him, if it were not for the wriggle of a hand to a forehead as he passed ; h and, folding his arms, he leaned upon the b rail betwixt the bowsprit and the cathead, n and fell into deep thought to the accom- o paniment of the roaring and hissing and boiling of the divided waters, to w'o~e a frothing surface he would often he depresosed by f t leonine leap of the flying schjner into a trough till he could have grasped his hands I full of the sparlkling spume. a It was perfectly reasonable that he should he deeply agitated and affected by what i Hiram had said, and by his few words after- ' wards with Stone. There had been a brief ! rime during the veyage when he had won is dered if Stone was sincere ; if the ieland he tI had said he was shipwrecked on were real or ", corresponded with the island Mr. Fort-'ecIn had beheld in his dream. Those douhts had ' been set at rest. Hiram had testified to al Stone's honesty. Then he had been now lonr 0 enough intimate with the old man to f-el fI .,l*s ha wan trrntwrlhhy np to the hilt. Hot it was to originate an altogether new nmis- ' civing-aomethsng widely remot* trom any h former doubts, to suggest that Stone might d he under a delusion. Captain .Week had a put the point cleverly enough when he roepresented that Bill, as ho called him, might b he perfectly sincere in his fancy that he kn.ow I and had been cast away on the island of tlr. t Forteacose' dream, and act as if his deolsinti R were heaven's truth. Was snch a thing posible It might seem more so to a man of the temperament of the clergyman than ti to one of a less imaginative and nervous I nature. HE had himself read of, had heard Instances of men, whoso sanity was unn questionable, whose principles were nnim. 1 peachable, being governed by a belief in i something they had seen, or something that t had befallen them, which was as purely an i illusion as the mirage or the many I ghosts which have been observed and run from since the days of the Witch I "Pbkllihed by spjidl rruSncgmei witsn tba *sthr. -tst ltertnr. If tntls sheauld be the case with Stoueit I5 so lapptred that one of the printed slips'the carats had caused to be circulated should have fallen into the hands of one of the seamen livirg, whoimagined he had been shipwrecked ?n such an island as the sketch portrayed, how frightful would.be the drsappuintmeut ! how hopeless the outlook i for, though' he knew the island of his dream to exist, where should be seek it? and what would have been Agatha's fate by the time he had found it if discoverable it were. upon the mighty surface where he be. lieved it lay I HIe asked himself could the plain, aud lettered mind of Stonebe possessed of imagrinas tions so vivid and logical as the one be I had submitted at Wyloe, when he told the I atory of the chase of the stow, her sinking, I his and his mates' sufferings upon the island ? He turned to look at the square I figure of the old fellow standing near the tiller, then resumed his former attitude, and then went non thinking, He said to himself, I 'Captain Wesek thinks I am being urged by a delusion. I know better-yet-tet-it might prove so I' A fancy that startled him, it seemed impious, ant he looked up to the I blue sky as if for forgiveness ; yet It wie a I consistent thought, for he meant to reason to himself that just as his dream, real to him, seemed a delusion to llirem, so might I Stone's assertiun of his shipwreck and the whereabouts of the isl.nd he absolutely reel to the old sailor, and yet an inexpressible I deception. But such thouohte came too late. The I significance of this was made frightfully apparernt to him when he turned his eyes upon the horizon, and reflected how far siretbhing it was and through what ocean the brave little schooner was now bearing him. Too late ! Br many days, hr many weeks too i late for him to dare to dream thatthere was ought of relueiveness in any detait of this vonage. So far as Stone's sinoerity went, so far as LiLram's capacity ia a navigator, he roust be patient. If they should come to a part of the Indian Ocean and Hliram shoull say ' tlere is the place where the Islend should he,' and no island should ie visibl-, what then ? Why, such an inseue could simply prove that Stone was under the delusion that IIiram. hal esuggre'ed; hut inot that the vision that hbod won the clercyman to this vcyasge was false No, the Verulam had been burnt! Agatha had escaped in one of the hoats, the ^ rboat had reached an island after many days and hall sons to pieces in the surf; Agatha had been borne ashore by i couraueous, uo- r snlliah hand, and upon the itland, with strearming hair, with wild anti burning eyes, with hollow ghastly facee, with arms out. t stretched in agony of entreaty, she appealed to him to come and save her. It was all as true as that tihe sun was h shining up there in the north with 'he mast , heads of the speeding schooner reeling toand fro from him Wnat thenr ws to follow t f.ilure to the discovery of the Ilsand ? The peror fellow liftud his gliatetninig eye to God hIis refuge was there-he was in IIi. hands: the wondrous insplration that urged hirn would not fail him. If the island were not ti where William Stone declared it to be, what conld he do but leave the piloting of hiis lttl* ship to seaven, and go on seatching till the i island rose above the sea-line. These were his thonghts, which he might have prolnnged for annoher houn, so many aid srrands were the emotionre his inagrirlo tion, his religious enthuriann his dotermined ., aith tinctur.d by mysticlsrm. r.ieed in him, t but for Stone coming forward anil saying, te ' The eapt'n'e desir.d rue to call your attentioU to that litt'e vessel out yonder cl ahead.' m lie turned to look at the old man first, andai I his face startled Stone, for it was fill of what ci was in his mind, an expression quito inde- re ecrihahle-comparable may be to what you see in one who dreams with inrtese vividness a a dream whose fabric Is full of the alteran- V tionr of radiance and gloom, sweeping into d the heart nope and fear, delight and dread, and joy full of sanctity swiftly saddening b into misgiving. It acted like a speech upon a Stone, for he answ-red it quickly and with ai r emotionalism Mr. Fortescue hal observed in it him before, anti which he would now fear as a indicating qualities of mind easily productive of delusion : ti 'As God's livin' it's true, sir. Don't let what's been said worrit you. Thinkln' 'll only d harm ye, and epenkin' to you as a man, Mr. s Forteecue, an ins and I[iram are men, I we've all three got to wait a spell yet v afore we can know who's right and who's a wrong.' t lhe clergyman emiled with a singular gene tleness and swetrienes. nAye. IVa. itnne, it is as you say. Wve must wait. I have patience and hope, and time p cart only whet Ciptnin Week' oueriosity, so t that he will be supported too. What did you r say to me just now ?' 'Why, air, that there was a sail out there. o I)'ye see her? A hit of a boat that, Mr c Forteicue, for the swerll and sears of such an i ocean as this, thn* irgoes all toe way round the a world right past Oretralia hack again to tb' ci Horn.' o It was the vessel that had provoked the ei cry of 'Sail-ho I' anod had been taken by (I Hiram to he hull downt when in reality she I, wase but a few miles ahead. She was steer- hi Ing to the eastward an the schooner was, and tt shie was a little cutter-rigged craft of about a fifteen tons, a mere toy on the water, and for th that reason, perhaps, of an indescribable oratefulness ar she rose to the height of a sea. lo then vanished behind its fold with her boom iIr on the quarter, her milk.white cinvas sweep- al ing her onwurde, as a sea gull goes when it to rounds to leeward and sntin with the wind- 4a an image indeed, which the estretch of cloths on she showed would render perfectly appro. priate, particularly the expansion of her a5 squaresail and her half topalil on the cr weather side, and. on the other, the hollows of the miinanil and caftoprreil, white as snow in the sun; for they looked wings indeer, enrveyed from the deck of the tGolden HIope, when you saw the hltck blot of the hull, foreshortened into the more qurroe of the stern running tiltp the chasing volume of blue, where, like a poised bird, the cutter seemed to linger a second, as if hesitating whether to liy skywards or leap into the valliy opening under her sterm. 