%htWiU^ The Bishop of Tasmania purposes shortly visiting Adelaide in order to meet his brother, Sir Herbert Sandford, the British Commis sioner to the Exhibition; Bishop Barry has abandoned his intention of coming back to Australia via the Suez Canal. He haB decided to adopt the Calif ornian route. He proposep, however, to visit the Bishop of Adelaide in October. Mr. Albeit Stuart, the _ foreman of the Fjnith and forge department in the Locomotive Works, has sent in his resignation to the Locomotive Engineer (Mr, W. Thow). No reason is assigned. It is an interesting fact and one that will be fully appreciated by our readers that already this year our rainfall amounts to 12'6S0 inches. Last Year the total rainfall wsb only 14 420 inches. The average rainfall is 21 inches. The wettest year gave an average of 30-633 inches. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., the Adelaide agents of the P. & O. Co. have received the following from the superintendent of the com pany at Bombay respecting the R.M.S. HydaspeB :— ' Hydaspes ashore Gulf of Suez. There is no danger to passengers ; mails pro ceed per Tan jore. The South Australian Canary and Pigeon Society intend holding their annual show in the Town Hall on July 29 and 30, entries closing on July 2L The committee of the society state they have every reason to believe that the forthcoming show will be one of the most successful yet held. The Chinese Commissioners inspected several of the pubh'c buildingB in the city on Thursday morning. They lunched^ with Dr. Way, and in the afternoon paid a visit to the Government Resident of the Northern Territory (Hon. J. L. ParsonB), In the evening they attended the dance at Government House. In the 'Sketch of the History of South Australia,' which we published last week, two printer's errors occurred. The number of square miles in South Australia was given as 93,700 instead of 903,700, and the price of gold at a certain period in the early days of the Victorian diggings was stated to be 21s. in stead of 71s. The death is announced of Mr. J. L. Tuxford, of the Sportman's Hotel, which occurred on Wednesday at the age of 78 years. Mr. Tuxford arrived in the colony in the Bhip Bardaster m 1838. He wats formerly a member of the firm of Tuxford Bros,, who were the first importers into the colony of agricultural implements. . An accident occurred to Mr. Carmichael, of Port Pirie, on Tuesday afternoon in Rundle street. He was crossing the road when he was knocked down and severely shaken by a run away horse belonging to Messrs. R. H. Wigg and Son. Mr. Oarmichael was carried into a shop close by and attended to. The horse was soon after caught. The influx of persons at Port Adelaide by sea during the week tbat ended Saturday, June 25, exceeded the exodus by 43. The departures numbered 191, of whom 172 em barked for Melbourne, 11 for Sydney, and 8 for Guam. Of the 234 arrivals 168 came from Melbourne, 41 from Albany, 24 from London, and one from Guam. A petition signed by 155 residents in the hundred of Hutchison was presented to the Commissioner of Grown Lands on Monday morning by Mr. J. Moule, M.P., asking that the stock road and reserves lately gazetted in the hundred of Hutchison might be set apart for great cattle only. The Commissioner promised to look into the matter. Lord and Lady Brassey have divided £147, received from visitors to the Sunbeam on the occasions on which the yacht was open to in spection, among the Victorian Seamen's Mission, the St. John's Ambulance Associa tion, the Wesleyan Queen's College, the Con vent of the Good Shepherd, the Convalescent Home, and the Women's Hospital. We have received from the publishers, Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition edition of the Tear Book of South Australia. A mass of useful infor mation is given in a most convenient form, and the volume will be found of great convenience to all business men. A sketch plan of the site of the Jubilee Exhibition is included. The births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, June 18, numbered:— Births, 105 males, 76 females ; deaths, 45 males, 25 females ; total, 181 births, 70 deaths. . Excess of births, 111. The figures for the district of Adelaide were :— Births, 22 males, 16 females ; deaths, 14 males; 4 females ; total, 38 births, 18 deaths. Excess of births, 20. Mr, J. Moule, M.P., waited upon the Com missioner at Public. Works (Hon. A. Catt) on Monday morning, and asked that an advance on account of maintenance might be -made to the Flinders Road Board out of next year's vote. He urged that unless this were done all the maintenance men would have to be dis charged. The CommisBioner said he would allow the vote to be anticipated to the extent of £600. Mr. E. W. Hawker, M P., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. A. Catt) on Tuesday morning and requested that travellers availing themselves of excursion fares to the Exhibition might be allowed to break their journey. The Commissioner Baid he could not agree to allow all persons to break their journey, but in cases where people were not travelling on business they would be allowed to do so on application to the traffic manager. Messrs. H. Muecke & Co. having heard from Sydney that a rumor existed there that the North German Lloyd's steamer Oder had been lost, cabled on Tuesday to Colombo for infor mation, and received a reply this morning that the steamer was lost at the Island of Socotra, near the southern entrance of the Rsd Sea. All on board were saved. The Oder was a steamer of 3,158 tons, gross register and 3,250 horsepower, and was one of the subsidised German mail steamers trading between Bre men, Colombo, Singapore, and China. The body of the boy, Herbert Richard Lamer, who was drowned in a creek at Good wood last week, was recovered on Saturday. The coroner was informed, and found that the lad and a younger brother were playing on the banks of the creek, which was flooded, when the earth gave way and the two were precipitated into the water. The father went to the scene at once and managed to pull out the younger boy, but lost sight of the elder. The boy's skull was injured from a blow from a log. The case being so clear the coroner decided not to hold an inquest. An interesting lecture on 'The colors o flowers and then- uses' was delivered by Mr. J. G. O. Tepper, F.LS., in connection with the North Adelaide Young Men's Society, in the Brougham-place Congregational Lecture hall, on Monday evening. There was a good attendance of members of the society and the public, the chair being occupied by Mr. W. A, Selway, jun. (vice president of the association). The lecturer treated his subject in a masterly and attractive manner, which gained the atten tion of Mb audience, and at the close the thanks of the meeting were cordially voted to him. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Working Men's Association was held in then* hall on Monday evening. Mr. H. Tompkins presided over a good attendance. It was decided that Mr. G. F. Hopkins, M.P., should be sum moned to attend the next meeting to answer a charge of violating the 10th by-law, which binds every member to further the interests of the association. The meeting resolved to take no action in respect of the bng Pbillis, which had left Port Adelaide with a crew paid at lower than union rates, as the owner, Captain Bickers, had paid the union wages in subsequent outgoing vessels. Mr. T. F. Wicksteed, chief clerk in the Credit Lands Office, has been appointed to the position of accountant in the Agent Generals Office in London, rendered vacant by the death of Mr. Snell, and will shortly leave for England to enter on hiB duties. Mr. Wicketeed, who iB a very popular officer, has been in the Civil Service for over 12 years, his first appointment being made on April 19, 1875\. He was chosen chief clerk in the Credit Lands Office on December 1, 1883, and his present salary is £395 per annum. We under stand that the change of position will no; carry, with it any increase of salary. Mr. R. W. E. ilclvor, F.C.S., has recently analysed a specimen of ' black gold' from the , traggety reef at Maldon, Victoria (says taa Eendigo Advertiser), where it is found in the granite veins which occur in the quartz of tha reef. The ore is crystalline, malleable, and o ' silver white lustre when freshly broken ; but h tarnishes on exposure, and becomes of a black color. When roasted it leaves a bead of pure goldt the bismuth which it contains being eliminated. The analysis of Mr. Ivor gives its composition as gold, 64*211 ; bismuth, 34*398 ; and silicious matter, 1*391. Black gold ia, in fact, a natural alloy of gold and bismuth. A social dance ot a moBt enjoyable character was held at Government House on Tnursday evening, and was attended by about 300 ladies and gentlemen. The principal officers from her Majesty's ships Nelson and Opal were present, and their gay uniforms, combined with those of several of our high local military officials, added to the many elaborate costumes of the ladies present, made a very brilliant and effective scene. Supper was served for the first time in the new supper-room, which was most tastefully decorated. Dancing was kept up till shortly after midnight, when the guests retired after having spent a most pleasant evening. The completion of the Fishermen's Bend Canal has proved a far more difficult task than was at first anticipated by the Melbourne Harbor Trust, writes the Age. The dredger Platypus faae been engaged for some time past in deepening the western entrance to the canal, and also in removing a sharp carve on the south bank of the river, which it was con sidered would be dangerous to vessels entering the canaL Dredging operations have disclosed the existence of a bed of extremely tenacious . clay,- the removal of which is a tediou3 and difficult piece of work, consequently the engi neer of the trust is unable to state definitely when it will be completed. The address sub- committee of the women's Queen Victoria jubilee fund, including Mrs, E. T. Smith, Mrs. Baker, Miss Howard, Mrs. Turner, and Mrs. Way, attended at Govern ment House on Thursday, June 23, and handed to his Excellency the Governor the address, which has been signed by a very large number of South Australian women, with the request that he would forward it to her Majesty. This his Excellency undertook to do at his earliest op portunity. We understand tbat a considerable sum of money is in hand, and that a meeting of subscribers, to which gentlemen are to be invited, will be held on trie 4th of July, in order to determine how the fund shall be ap propriated. The tide which on Wednesday week arose at Port Adelaide to a great height did a good deal- of damage at the Quarantine-station on Torrens Island. The ground about the cot tages was evenly grown over with grass, which for recreation purposes was much appreciated by the last batch of passengers confined there. This land was- entirely inundated, and the water almost surrounded the superintendent's residence. Of course the grass waa destroyed by the saltwater, and other damage was done. The station itself is in a beautifully clean condition and ready for the reception of im migrants. Good progress has been made with the tramline running from the jetty to the village. In response to invitations from Admiral Fairfax between 200 and 300 ladies and gentle men attended an 'at home' on board H.M.S. Nelson on Monday afternoon. His Excellency the Governor and suite, the officers of the Nelson, the Opal, and the Pro tector, in addition to many officers of the Militia and Volunteer Forces, and prominent citizens were present. The vessel was gaily decorated with flags and flowers, and selec tions of music were given by the Nelson Band. Dancing was kept up from 2,30 to 5.30, and during the afternoon refreshments were taken. Although the steamer was somewhat crowded all present seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly. A somewhat remarkable accident occurred at Glenelg on Saturday afternoon, Mr. J. Cudmore, with his brother, Mr. Arthur Cod more, was driving along Jetty-road in a small dog-cart, and when opposite the Grammar School foatball grounds an approaching train frightened the pony, which immediately swerved off the road and cleared the Grammar School fence, which is only about three feet high, carrying the trap over with it. The pony landed in a small hole on the other side of the fence, and was brought to the ground. The only result of the accident was that the shafts of the cart were broken in the pony's attempts to free itself, both occupants of the vehicle eecaping unhurt. The Fisk Jubilee Singers entertained a fairly large audience in the 7.M.C.A. Hall on Saturday evening, June 25. A number of the inmates of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Insti tution occupied seats at the back of the stage, and greatly appreciated the treat provided for them. A new programme of 16 numbers was presented, but a recall was demanded every time, provision being evidently made for this, as the performance did not exceed two hours. Every item was listened to with breathless attention, the most delightful perhaps being a part song called ' Jingle bells,' by the com pany ; a quartette, ' The wounded soldier,' by four male voices ; and the sentimental Borjga of Miss Mattie L. Lawrence. We have received the first number (for July of tile 'South Australian Bradshaw,' which, as its name implies, is modelled upon the famous 'Bradshaw's Railway Guide' of London. The Adelaide Bradshaw, however, contains a vast quantity of information re ferring to other matters than rails and trams, or there is also a complete postal guide, and) details as to shipping, hotels, cab fares, the militia, dubs, public institutions, and so on. It is undoubtedly the best railway and tram book published in the colony, and is thorough in every respect but one, and that is in the index. This defect can, however, easily be rerredied in fnture numbers. The proprietors of the guide are Messrs. C. W. Stuart & Co. An inquest was held at Yongala by Mr. O. Laurenti on June 13 touching the death of Mr. P. Carmody, of Mannanarie. The evi- dence showed that the deceased, who was an old man, left Yongala for home at dusk on Saturday evening, June 11, and the next morn- ing was found dead upon a farm about three quarters of a mile from home. It appeared that he had safely reached the gate of his home pad- dock and released the horse from the cart, and bis sight being very defective and the night excessively dark he got astray, and after wan- dering about for some time sat down by a fence and succumbed to the extreme wet and cold. The jury found that "Patrick Carmody came to his death by exposure to the unusually severe weather." The Walhalla correspondent of the Mel bourne Argus telegraphed to that paper on Monday : — Early yesterday morning an Italian woodcutter, named Dominicio Ballaraus, made a murderous attack with an axe on a fellow countryman, James Ronaldo, inflicting several dangerous wounds, one on the left thigh being 14 inches long, with a piece of the thigh-bone chipped off. The local chemist, in the absence of Die. Gamble in Melbourne, stitched up the wounds, and the injured man now lies at Brooke's Hotel. Mounted-Constable Knott arrested Ballaraus, and he was brought up today before Mr. Parker, J.P., and remanded until Wednesday. It is, however, considered certain that the injured man will not then be able to appear, Messrs. Singer and Judell waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Tuesday and represented that a number of gentlemen were anxious to take steps to encourage the growth of caBtor oil plants in South Australia. They asked whether the Government, by setting apart a certain portion of land in any part of tile colony, would assist them in the enterpriser Mr. Coles informed the deputation that be would be happy to further the objects . they had in view in any way that he consis tently could. There were several places, and more especially the country known aa the desert, which were admirably adapted to the growth of castor oil plants, and if the deputa tion would submit their propositions in writing he would do what he could to aid them. A meeting of the Federated Stewards' and Cooks1 Union was held at the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home on Monday evening. Mr. G. Cooper presided over a good attendance. A letter was received from the Port Adelaide Working Men's Association asking the union to co-operate in celebrating the anniversary. As the union had already decided to send a delegate to the Eight Hours Celebration com mittee it was resolved not to take further action. Several members complained of chief stewards bringing members from Mel bourne while there were plenty of men to be had in Port Adelaide. The secretary was in structed to write to the stewards complained of. A motion asking the co- operation of various unions to bring about protection to local ship owners was carried. One day last week a young married woman, named Emily Dalanzel, died in the Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, from burns sustained through her dress patching fire. The Sydney Morning Herald gives the following particulars of the sad occurrence : — It appears that the deceased, who resided with her hus band, Joseph Dalanzel, at No. 32, Bay-street, Glebe, was badly burned at her home on the j evening of the 12tb instant while standing I with her back to a fire. On stooping to pat | a dog her dress came in contact with the coals, , and the flames rapidly spread. Her husband, j with the assistance of a friend, extinguished ] the flames, and took the sufferer to tile hospital. | On being admitted to the institution she was | placed in one of the ward?, and remained ; under treatment till the time of her death. | A course of jubilee ectures 'illustrative of I the stirring times when the battle of religious I liberty and equality was fought in England and also in thts colony,' is to be delivered in Adelaide during the present season. The first will be given by the Rev. J. C. Kirby in Stow Church on July 6, and its title is to be ' Queen Elizabeth.' The next will be delivered by Mr. A. Stow, who will deal with ' The pil grim fathers,' in the North Adelaide Congra Rational Church on July 13. The Rav. W. R Fletcher, M.A., will lecture on 'Jdhn Milton' in the same place on July 20; the Rev. C. Manthnrpe on 'The ejectment of 1662,' in Stow Church on July 27 ; and in the same church on August 4 the Rev. F. W Cox will take for his subject 'The struggl for religious liberty in South Australia.' Several of the lectures will be repeated at Glenelg. Our Cleve correspondent under date June 19 tells the following yarn : — ' We have a dog story here which has excited almost as mush curiosity as the Yanyarrie ghost story. A sheepfarmer of this place caught a dog worry ing his sheep, and after having been requested by the owner to shoot the depredator he tied the animal to a tree, and standing about 10 feet off fired, the charge striking the dog fairly between the eyes. To make a sure job of it, as he thought, he smashed the dog's bead about with lumps of rock. One evening, after being apparently dead for 12 days, the dog revived sufficiently to mike his way home to his master's place, where, as may be imagined, he was examined very minutely, to make sure that he was not tha ghost ot the dog that was killed. Bat it was the actual dog, and the animal appears to be as well as ever, although bis BkuU iB slightly out of shape, and he bears the marks where 25 grains of shot entered big forehead,'' Mr. A. Le Souef, the director of the Mel- bourne Zoological Gardens, arrived in Adelaide on Tuesday, and during the afternoon of that day visited our Zoo. He expressed himself as highly pleased with the progress which our gardens have made of late, but he very naturally thinks that the Melbourne Zoo is still superior to ours. The cheetah, which reached here on Monday, is a graceful cub, about the size of a well grown cat. Both it and the mongoose are at present kept under shelter near a fire, and each of the animals seems to be happy. "Miss Siam's" many acquaintance will feel interested in learning that her measurements were taken on Tuesday, it being found that her extreme girth is 15 feet 6 inches, and the length from the extreme point of the trunk to the end of the tail 18 feet 9 inches. Her height is 6 feet 10½ inches, and she is, so Mr. L. Souef, under whose care the elephant was before she came here, believes, about 8 years of age. Archbishop Carr, in reply to an address of welcome frim the pupils of St. Patrick's College on Monday night, writes the Mel bourne Age, stated the views of the Catholic Church on the 'pernicious system of educa tion which now obtained in this colony.' He said tbat the church never ceased to proclaim that all thoughts and actions should tend to the greater honor and glory to God. She re cognised that youth was the spring time of life, and that education was the seed. If the seed was sown without the assistance of religion it could not ripen into good fruit. It could not be argued that the Catholic Church wan bigoted because she would not allow her children to feed on what she regarded as the poisonous pastures of an irre ligious or secular education. He congratulated the pupils of the college on their opportunities of reserving a sound literary and good religious education, and said that as to the future they must remember tile words of Abraham to Isaac, 'God will provide,' Messrs. J. Dunn &Co.; are having erected in connection with their new mill at Port Ade laide a large galvanized iron grain store on a somewhat novel principle. The dimensions are 120 feet by 124 feet, and 30 feet in height to the tie beams of the roof, and 20 feet from there to the ridge, but notwithstanding these large measurements it is intended to have the roof in one span — probably the largest in the colony. In constructing the building in this manner the proprietors have in view the erec tion of an American elevator, by means of which produce may be conveyed from a ship's hold to the store with but a very small amount of labor. The store will connect the mill with the wharf, alongside which there is sufficient water for vessels of a good draught to lie. The storage capacity of the building will be 6,000 tons. The architect is Mr. T. Hack, and the builder Mr. H. Burge. When the store is completed and the elevating machinery fixed the premises will be the most finished of the kind in the colony. A public meeting was held at the council chamber, Mintaro, on Thursday, June 23, to consider the regulations in reference to the special cheap tickets usued on the railways to persons visiting the Exhibition. Mr. Thompson Priest presided. Tne following resolutions were carried: — 'L That this meeting con siders that the regulations with reference to the special cheap tickets issued on the railways do not meet with the re quirements of the general public, and inflict great hardship and unnecessary expense upon them, through their not being allowed to break the journey. 2. That the Commissioner of Railways be respectfully re quested to alter the regulations so that persons from the country districts visiting the Exhibi tion may be allowed to break the journey. 3\. That the members for the district, Messrs. Hawker and Kimber, be requested to wait on the Commissioner as a deputation to support the above resolutions, and to urge upon him the advisableness of granting the concession sought for.' As showing what can be done in the way of expeditious travelling in these days of rapid transit, a '^gentleman who has just been ' round the world in three months,' furnishes the Sydney Morning Herald with the following account of his travels: — 'I left Sydney at 4.30 p.m. on March 23, by the Mariposa ; had a stay of 20 hours at Auckland, and 22 hours at Honolulu, and reached San Francisco on a Saturday at 2 p.m. I stayed there till the following Thursday, when I took train for New York, breaking the journey at Salt Lake city (one day), and Chicago (one day), and arriving in New York on Tnursday night. On the Saturday I took passage by the famous Cunard steamer Etruria, the fastest ocean steamer in the world, and crossed the Atlantic in 6 days 12 hours. After a week in London I left per Chimborazo from Plymouth at 1.30 p.m. on May 14. This vessel has made a fast passage out, binding her mails at King George's Sound in 28 days from London, at Adelaide in 32 dayB, at Melbourne in 33 days, and at Sydney in 34 days. The trip through out has been pleasant and beneficial.' The departure on Saturday of a contingent of the Salvation Army to Colombo by she German mail steamship Salier was made the occasion of a notable demonstration (writes the Melbourne Argus). The railway pier, PorS Melbourne, where the steamer was berthed, was crowded with members of the army, and the detachment proceeding to India was accom panied to the vessel by a powerful brass band in the army uniform. The band for fully an hoar prior to the Salier leaving continued to play selections, which commended themselves to the great body of the crowd, and the intervals were filled in with much hearty sing ing of hymns, in which the instrumental music was marked by much force and the vocal music by considerable fervor and feeliog. The Hindoos (their white and scarletlcostume3, looked picturesque enough, but the native garb on their pale-faced comrades was provo cative of mirth to a portion of the lookers-on. As the Salier moved slowly away from the pier there was quite a fusilade of ejaculations and cheering exhortations to the departing detachment. The army banner, with its well known color and device of ' blood and fire,' was kept waving on the Salier until she passed the pier. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Industrial School for the Blind was held on Tuesday, fourteen gentlemen being pre sent. The progress report of the Exhibition committee showed that through the strenuous exertions of several gentlemen, aided by the kind gifts of friends, the stall had been erected at a very small cost, several workmen gratuitously lending a helping hand. It was hoped that the public interest already shown in the exhibit would prove profit able and result in purchases of the brushes, bookmarks, and basketware, the profit made upon which will go to the school, A visit had been made by General Wong Yung Ho, who waa so pleased that he contributed five guineas towards the institution. The manager's report was very satisfactory, show ing that all the branches were in full working order ; that the contract for a year's supply of brushes and baskets to the Government had been obtained; and that mats were moving off briskly. Themostcheeringfeaturewasthatof 22 blind personsnow at the school 16 are paying for their board and lodging by their own earnings. The early training of those who came from the Brighton institution had been found to be of great service to them. The string band was making satisfactory progress. Mr. Sterne's visit to the south-east on behalf of the institu tion had been successful . A meeting of the committee of tha pro posed Australian National Union was held at the Imperial Hotel on Wednesday evening, when there was a fair attendance. The Hon. J. C. F. Johnson (Minister of Education) pre sided. On the motion of the Hon. R. C. Baker, C.M.G., it was resolved—' That any National Australian Society formed in South Australia be upon an independent basis.' Dr. Sprod expressed a desire that the society should be purely South Australian in character, but a proposition to this effect moved by him found no seconder. It was proposed — ' That .persons bom in the Australian colonies only be eligible for membership, 'but an amendment extending the basis of membership to persons who arrived in Australia before they were 5 years of age was agreed to. It was moved and seconded — ' That the objects be to stimulate a national patriotic sentiment amongst Australasians of all classes, creeds, and races, to educate young Australasians to appreciate and properly use their political privileges, and to priuiote all legislation having for its object the federation of the Australasian colonies.' The Hon. Mr. Baker sought to add the words 'and of the British Empire,' but did not receive any sup port, and eventually it was decided by a majority to strike out the words relating to the federation of the colonies. The meeting then adjourned until Monday next. There lives at the Moat Farm, Carrick, a man named Samuel Cox, one of the most re markable men in Tasmania (says the Launees ton Examiner), on account of his great age and vigor. He says that he was bom in the north of Wales on the 15th November, 1773, and if this is correct he is now nearly 114 years of age. He is remarkably strong considering hi3 great age, and two or three days a week walks a distance of three or four miles. He is a most independent old fellow, and will not move from Oarrick. Comfortable quarters have been provided for him both at Laun eeston and Longford, but he will accept of neither, and prefers living at Mr. Symmons's farm, the Moat. Cox has never been a teetotaller, nor studied his health in the least, but he has never had an hour's sickness, and to use his own words, in his tremulous voice, 'Ah, I've been a rep in my day. They wanted to bury me 40 years ago, but they have' waited bo long, they must wait a little longer, for I ain't going yet.' Some people doubt the correct ness of his assertion about his age, but no one hasyet been able to say how old he really is except himself, and many people can re collect him knocking about fox 60 years, and who say he was »n old man when they first knew, him, and tbat he has altered veryhttle since. The Hon. MacDonald Paterson (Postmaster General of Queensland) had an interview with the Minister of Education on Wednesday, when several matters of interest were dis cussed. The first subject mentioned was that of the ocean mail contract, and Mr. Paterson was desirous of ascertaining on What terms Queensland could join with Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia in the con tract. Certain propositions were made, but we are not yet able to give publicity to them. Mr. Paterson also introduced the subject of a connection between the Queensland and South Australian telegraph lines, either from Toar gomindah to Innamincka, or from some other northern township to Birdsville. This matter was under consideration by the Governments of the two colonies, at,d the Government of Queensland have delayed extending their lines of telegraph in order to discover which direction South Australian lines would take. The next matter brought forward was the charge made for press messages to Queens land. At present these messages to Brisbane cost more titan those sent to Melbourne and Sydney, and it is desired to have a uniform rate with regard to all four colonies. No decision was come to, of course, on Wednes day, but Mr. PateiEon and Mr. Johnson will have another conference, and will go ex haustively into the details of the proposal! tbat have so far been made. !r A horrible outrage on a girl by her own father was reported to the Ballarat police on Monday. The Ballarat correspondent of the Melbourne Age Bays :— The alleged offender is named George Brew, aged 42, a groom and gardener by occupation. It seems that Brew, who- is the father of five children, is of a [quarrelsome disposition, consequently his wife was compelled to leave him and go to service as a domestic. Two of the children are boarded out, and Brew resided with three (two girlB and a boy) in a house in Durham- street, Ballarat West. The children occupied at night the same bed as the father, and it appears that on Wednesday evening last Brew outraged his daughter Annie, aged 7 years and 2 months old. On Thursday morning the girl was ob served to be in pain, and upon being questioned by her sister she made a statement which pointed to her father's crime. The sister on Saturday night met her mother, to whom she related the story as told by Annie, and next Mrs. Brew informed her mistress of what she had heard, and the hitter suggested that the police should be communicated with. Deteo' tire Charles, accompanied by Constable Roger*' son arrested Brew when at work in Ballarat East. The victim of the outrage has been examined by Dr. Jordan, who has certified that the crime has been committed. From, certain indications in the surroundings it is thought that Brew has been leading an im- moral hie. The prisoner has been lodged in the city lockup. The agitation in England in favor of legalis ing marriage with a deceased wife's sister is supported by many leading men, and hopes are entertained by the members of the Marriage Law Reform Association that a reeaEure to be shortly introduced into the House of Lords recognising such marriages contracted iu British colonies will ba passed, and as there is no difficulty in the matter in the House of Commons the Bill gives promise' of becoming law. When Sir John Downer was in London he was waited upon by several members of the association, and in view of the fact that South Australia was the first colony to pass an enactment legalising such mar riages as those above referred to, asked him to bring the matter forward at one of the sittings of the Imperial Conference. This, as we have already recorded, he consented to do, and at the first available opportunity he introduced the subject to the members of tha Conference. Sir John has since re ceived a letter from the association, in which it is stated that the celebrated authoress, Mrs. Craik (Miss Mulock), whose novel ' John Halifax, Gentleman,' most Aus tralians have read, has signified her willingness to issue a special edition of ' Hannah,' a work dealing with the question of such marriages as we have indicated. Mrs. Craik intends to write a preface specially directed to the colonial aspect of the question as raised by Sir John Downer at the Conference, so that the new edition of this popular story will have an in creased interest for South Australians. The following report to theJConservator of Forests from Mr. J. McMinn, the Government forester at Wlllowie, is in reply to a letter, pub lished in our columns some weeks ago with reference to the treatment received by men sent up to the forest by the Government. The leport is dated June 15 : — ' With reference to the six men who were Bent from Adelaide last Monday, week, I have to report that only two of them (Mathis and dang^ter) now remain, the other four having cleared out without doing aiy work, and from all I can hear they knew Eothing of the work ; and I think it very pro bable tbat they only wanted a cheap ride up country and an outfit of provisions, &c; These were the men who wrote the letter to the Advertiser, and about whom I took so much trouble. The four men who cleared out obtained a supply of stores and other articles from Messrs. Tuckwell & Taylor, which firm have been very good all through this work in supplying all men with food, &c.; As Messrs. Tuck veil and Taylor have lost a considerable amount of money through sawyers going away in theic debt, and as they supplied these men in tha good faith of their being sawyers and honestly going to work, I think that this money ought; to be paid to them in some way, and I enclose accounts, thinking you may take some action in the matter. Most of the men who arrived in the second detachment have also left with out doing any work. Two more men arrived last Thursday, and two came to-day,' Tha conservator has replied declining to settle the accounts of the abaconders, as the storekeepers must supply the goods at their own risk. A meeting of the Meteorological Society waa held at the Public Library on Tuesday even ing, Mr. H. C. Mais (president) being in tha chair. Several statemente of weather observa tions made by different members at Mount Lofty, Semaphore, Quorn, Narracoorte, and other places were received. Mr. Clement L. Wragge (Government astronomer of Queens hind), who was present, submitted a series of weather maps for Australasia from February 10 to the end of April, and in doing so ex plained what was being done in the establish ment of meteorological stations in the northern colony. He also stated that Mr. McD. Paterson (the Postmaster- General of Queensland) took a great interest in the meteorological depart ment, giving it his warmest rapport. Mr. Wragge presented the society with speci mens of his weekly weather records called 'The climate of Brisbane;' also observations from 1875 to 1885 taken by Mr. J. D. W. Vaughan, a member of the Royal Meteoro logical Society, now in FijL Mr. Wragge deeply regretted to say that he was compelled to break np the observatory which he had established at Walkerville, as his family were now removing permanently to Brisbane. A motion placing on record the deep sense of the loes the society had suffered by the death of Mr. John Varley, of Kapunda, was carried. Mr. Wragge brought under the notice of the society the exceedingly interesting fact that in Brisbane a rising barometer means 'rain,' and he also mentioned that the climate oE south-western Queensland was similar to the climate in Adelaide. Several alterations in the rules were made, and the meeting closed. A man from the country named Barkly met with a somewhat remarkable adventure on Jubilee night at Ballarat. The Star says : — Having liquored up rather freely, he felt like lying down somewhere where the police were not. With this object in view he struggled along Grenville-street north, and seeing a blank space where there were no houses, and onlyatwo rail fence, concludedit was a paddock, which would suit his purpose. He managed to crawl through the fence, and immediately fell into the Yarrowee Channel, which is abont 15 feet deep at the spot. He scrambled about in the water for some time, during which his boots and hat swam away from him. Mr. C. Morris, jun., undertaker, was passing, and he at first mistook the object for a ' bunyip,' but closer inspection showed it to be a human being in distress. Mr. Morris brought alone; Constable Patterson, and they found the un fortunate individual trying to climb up one of the abutments of the |WiUs-street-bridge, which is about 20 feet high. A ladder having been procured, the lost stranger was got on and .taken to the town lock-up. He waa completely soaked through, and he presented a deplorable as well as a comical appearance. Barkly was stripped of his clothing and put to bed between some blankets in a cell. His clothes were not fit to wear again, and yester day rrorning the magistrates were informed that there was one prisoner who could not well be brought before them. The magistrates therefore paid a visit to him in his natural state in the cell, and ordered his discharge. His measure having previously been taken, a suit of clothes arrived for him, and he went oa tis way rejoicing. On Monday morning James Charles and Margaret Harris appeared before Mr. S. Bed dome, P.M., at the Adelaide Police Court, to answer a charge of having on June 25 had un lawful possession of nine skeleton keys. It was stated that the defendants had been living together in a house in Waymouth street, in which dwelling the keys were found. Harris said she did not know tha keys were in the house, and Charles ad mitted tbat the woman was innocent. Charles was sentenced to three months' imprisonment with hard labor, and the woman was acquitted. Charles was then charged with having on June 20 burglariously entered the bouse or Rose Leon, and stealing therefrom two eilk handkerchiefs valued at 5s. At about 10 o'clock or. the night of June20the complainant left her home, and did noc return for five or six mmntesT On re entering it she discovered that it had been entered, and that two sdk handkerchiefs were missing. She noticed tha defendant run through the house. Detectives Hampton and Lawton afterwards took the -skeleton keys already mentioned, and found that one of them opened the front door of the complainant's bouse. In defence Charles alleged that he was in Oliver's Union Hotel, in Waymonth-street, at the time mentioned. When cross-examined by Inspector Sullivan he first stated that he did not know why he had the keys, but after wards alleged that he kept them as ornaments. He farther said he found them on the park lands. He acknowledged that he had pre viously appeared in comt to answer criminal charges. At his request the hearing of the cafe was adjourned until Wednesday. A gloomy account of the condition of the French settlers in the New Hebrides is Riven by a New Caledonian correspondent of the Paris Temps, Bays the European Mail. He asserts that the Colonisation Society of Paris is sending colonists who in no re spect meet the conditions required, and con tends that a country which supplies laborers to New Caledonia and Australia should not have sent to it either French peasants or workmen. It is capital, he says, that is required in the Uew Hebrides. The following quotation frill be ot interest to readers in Australia: —'Out of 30 colonists who recently arrived, U died a short time since, and 1 have re turned to Noumea in bad health, and do not wish to go bade to the Hebrides. The last arrivals, who have been there for a month, are accommodated in a shed, and live without any eort ofipiivacy. The colonists are at first obliged to work on the railways which will lead to the lands that are to be conceded to them. This work is leading them to death. Their wives urge them to rebel, and treat them as cowards because they submit to the requirements of the company. They assert that on leaving France they little expected such a fate. In New Caledonia the administration during the last two years has been assailed with petitions from colonists who ask to be sent back to France gratuitously, because they cannot make a living in this country. In spite of this, the Minister of 3Harine, who should be aware of the facts, con tinues to grant free passages to people whom we are obliged to feed to prevent their dying of hunger.' This is a state of things which certainly demands the attention of the French Government. The action of Hutton v. the Melbourne {Tramway and Omnibus Company was con cluded in the Melbourne Supreme Cjurt on (Tuesday, before Mr. Justice Williams and a special jury. The Argus says j— Mr. Hatton, the plaintiff, was manager of some quartz crashing machinery at Charters Towers, in Queensland. He came to Melbourne in November, 1886, on a visit. On January 21 of this year he was travelling on a tram car from Swanston-street to Victoria-parade. 3Phe tram was stopping at the corner of Wellington-street, where a friend of Mr. Hutton's got off. The plaintiff was following bim, when the tram moved on, and Mr. Hatton eras thrown on the up track in front of a tram going towards Melbourne. He was caught under this tram, and was poshed forwards for some yards before it could be stopped. He was severely crashed about the thigh and lags, and it was said that he would never be able to walk again without the aid of a stick. The plaintiff charged that. the defendants were guilty of negligence, because the driver of the tram having stopped started it again before Mr, Hutton could alight, and also be cause the driver of the cax going towards Melbourne ought to have seen him lying on the track and pulled up before he did. The defendants denied that there was any negli gence, and asserted that the accident occurred through the plaintiff's own fault in getting eff the car while it was in motion. Tnejory gave a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £2,501— being £101 for medical expenses, £150 for losses in being obliged to employ another man to do his work at the quartz-crushing machinery, and £2,250 for the personal injuries jbe sustained. Owing to the wet weather the distinguished visitors from Victoria were not able to see much on Wednesday morning. Several ex cursions had been planned bat they had to be abandoned. During the morning the Vic torian Premier (the Hon. Duncan Gillies), accompanied by several members of the party, visited the Exhibition, where they were met by Sir Samuel Davenport, who pointed out many objects of interest. Daring the day Mr. Gillies called at the office of the Premier, but as Mr. Playf ord was'engaged at a Cabinet meeting he was unable to see him. The Vic torian Premier waited on his Excellency the Governor, and also accompanied by several members of his party paid a visit of inspection to Parliament Houses. The Mayor of Mel bourne (Mr. W. Cain) with the town clerk (Mr. £. G. Fitzgibbon) called on the Mayor (Mr. E. *E. Smith, M.P.) and were shown over the Sown Hall buildings. Prior to leaving Mr. Cain intends visiting the Sewage Farm at Islington for the purpose of inspecting it, and of gaining information on the sewage question. *Ehe subject of deep drainage is attracting con siderable attention in the sister metropolis, and efforts are being made to get Parliament to pass a Bill this session to establish a Metro politan Board of WorkB. The object sought in establishing this board is to deal with the proper draining- of the city by means of the underground Bystem, and of cleansing the River 'Yaira, which is regarded as a fever bed. Mr. Cain and Mr. Fitzgibbon intend to thoroughly examine our deep drainage system with a view to its adoption in Melbourne, where the mayor is of opinion, so far as he has been able to judge, that it could be made to apply. Owing to the prevalence of typhoid fever in Melbourne this matter has been brought prominently before the public, and the press and people are unanimous in agreeing that deep drainage is absolutely necessary. ' The protectionists are np and doing, and the charge of allowing the grass to grow under their feet cannot certainly be sustained against them,' says a Wellington newspaper corres pondent writing on June 16. 'In fact, the very night after Parliament wasprorogaed a monster meeting was held in Wellington, and there Mr. Ballance, the Minister for Iiands and Native Affairs, unfurled the banner of protection, and all the speakers who followed him spoke most enthusiastically and hopefully of the cause. Mr. Ballance went so far as to declare that whether or not the Customs duties had to be increased 5 or 50 per cent., local industries must be encouraged, and this declaration waB cheered to the echo. The Otago protectionists, whose league numbers upwards of 1,000 members, are also hard at work, and they intend recommending no other candidates to the electors than those whose advocacy of protection is unmistakable. In deed, it may be safely assumed that almost the whole ot the city seats throughout the colony will be won by protectionist candidates ; and if the various leagues continue their present activity many of the country constituencies will be induced to reject their old free-trade representatives. That a new order of things will be brought about by the tenth Parliament is becoming more apparent every day, and measures, not men, will be the watchword of the people at the approaching elections more than it has ever been before. The electors are really sick and tired of the old monopolists of office, and whatever Ministry is formed after Parliament meets it will contain a considerable infusion of new blood. A change in the fiscal policy of the country will be insisted on, and it is not improbable that a land and income tax npon a graduated scale will be one of the financial reforms adopted. Retrenchment in the public service will be rigidly insisted on, and further borrowing will cease for a time.' A somewhat sensational occurrence is re ported to have taken place at one of the hotels in Ballarat at an early hoar on Thursday last. {Che Ballarat Star says: — Adjoining the hos telry is a two storied boilding partly occupied aa business premises, and as the latter is built close to the former, and would otherwise shut out the light from one of the bedroom windows, an alcove has been built opposite to the window. She bedroom was occupied on Wednesday night by a man who seems from some cause to Lave received a terrible fright. He threw bimself bodily through the window of the room, and alighted on the ledge of the alcove. He then jumped through a window in the bouse, completely smashing the frame and chattering all the glass. He next appears, from the tracks of blood that are freely distributed over the floor, to have made for the front window, probably with the object of escape. He, however, evidently changed his mind, as he recrossed the room and effected his exit through a window at the rear of the premises, shivering the whole of the panes of glass and breaking the window frame. He then alighted on the verandah, irom which he evidently jumped to the ground. The verandah roof is 14 feet fiigh, and how the man escaped serious injury from bis leap is a marvel. Who be is, or where he comes from, is not known, but it certainly seems strange . that the crakh of the breaking of three window frames did not arouse some one in the hotel. Certainly, after his exploits, the unfortunate fellow must have required surgical assistance, even if his hut jump did not injure any of his limbs, as the marks on the floor and the ground prove that he bled profusely. On the police making enquiries, the landlord stated that he could not give any information concerning the occurrence. No man injured in such a way as this individual must have been was treated at the hospital, B.N. (H.M.S. Opal), laeutenanWJolonel F?F* J. Sargood, i of Victoria, Brigadier- General j' 3T. Owen, Commander Walcot, the Hons J* G. Ramsay, M.L.C., and D. Murray, M.l'c ' Dr. Cockborn, Flag - Lieutenant Seyrcour Urskine, Messrs. W. A. Murray and C. Owen Smyth (superintendent of public buildings), and Lieutenant Hi P, Tomkinson (aide-de-camp to General Owen) paid a visit to Port Adelaide. She party were met by his Worship the Mayor (Mr. S. Malin) and the town clerk (Mr. B. H. Laker), and conducted over the Town Hall buildings, after which they partook of light refreshments in the mayor's parlor. Mr. Malin, in proposing the health of Admiral Fairfax, said he was ex ceedingly sorry that the Nelson and Opal had j been unable to come up to the Port, but j it was owing to the fact that the Nelson { was of too great a draught. Admiral - Fairfax returned thanks for the kind way j in which they had received the toast. He I would have been only too glad to have brought | the Nelsan up the river, but as she drew 27 feet of water it was rather too close. He had | seen the chart of the river, and it looked a per fectly safe and convenient harbor and channel for the vessels of the mercantile marine. He, would not, however, venture an opinion until after he had ascended then; river, which through the courtesy of Commander Walcot he would be enabled to do. The Hon. J. G. Ramsay proposed the health of Mr. Malin, which was appropriately acknowledged by his worship. The party then drove to Fletcher's slip and Large Fort, after which they went on board the Protector, where they were enter tained by Commander Walcot. The admiral admired the vessel, and was much interested in her. The Protector subsequently steamed up the river to Port Adelaide, whence the fatty returned to town. Two well-known characters, named John Joseph Armstrong, 69 years of age, who de scribed himself as a hawksr, and Ellen Len non, aged 40 years, were arrested on Sunday (says the Melbourne Age of Monday) on a charge of causing the death of Thomas Elms, aged 65, a hatmaker. It appears that on the 13th instant Elms called at a house in Menzies alley, off Mclntyrelane, which was occu pied by the prisoners for the purpose of enquiring after a man named Williams, to whom he wished to give a bundle of clothes which were in his possession. The deceased stepped inside the door, when he was struck on the head by the male prisoner with an iron saucepan, and he continued belaboring him until the saucepan broke in pieces, after which he was thrown into the right-of-way. Elms remained in a partially unconscious condition until found by the police, when he was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, where his wounds were dressed by Dr. Bennie. The doctor, however, not thinking the case very serious, allowed the deceased to depart, especially as he said that he had relatives in Melbourne who would look after him. The deceased then went to his brother's house, an hotel in Spring Btreer, and remained there until Thursday laBt, when, finding that he was getting very much worse, it was deemed advisable to remove him to the Alfred Hotel, where he succumbed to his injuries on Sunday. The police were at once informed of what had occurred, and they arrested the prisoners at the house in MenzieB-alley. On telling them the charge on which they were wanted the woman said it was the male prisoner who beat the deceased, having hit him several timeB with an iron pot, and in proof of her statement pro duced the fragments of an iron pot, all of which were extensively smeared with blood and hair. She also acknowledged that they wished to steal the bundle of clothes which the deceased had with him, and that caused the male prisoner to knock the man down, Thursday being St. Peter's Day there were special services at the Anglican Cathedral. Celebrations of the Holy Communion took place in the early morning and midday. In the evening there waB a full choral service, to which especial interest was given by the formal installation of Dean Marryat, M.A., in suc cession to the late Dean Russell, of Canon Morse, M.A., to the archdeaconry of Adelaide, vacant through the promotion to the deanery, and of the Revs. F. S. Poole, M.A., and F. T. Whitington, LL.B., to honorary canonries at the Cathedral. The Ven. Archdeacon Dove Bang the service, and the lessons were read by the bishop's chaplain (Rev. B. C. Stephenson, B.A.), and Canon French, M.A. After the second lesson the ceremony of installation was begun by the bishop's registrar (Mr. A. Sturckey) reading the official deeds of appoint ment. The bishop then personally inducted the dean, who in his turn installed the new archdeacon and the two honorary canons. The setmon was preached by the Cathedral pre centor (Dr. Dendy) from the gospel for the day, ' Thou art Peter,' &c.; (St. Matthew , xvL). The preacher first briefly sketched the history of cathedral foundations, and ex pressed satisfaction that although the want of endowments must at present prevent the full usefulness of the cathedral body in this diocese, yet it had been found possible to completely organise the cathedral chapter. Commenting upon the text he referred to the extreme literal interpretation placed upon it by the Church of Home. Although these Petrine claims pre vented a visible unity with the papacy, stall at this jubilee season members of the Church of Englandcpuldnotbut remember the largely in creased spirit of liberality in which, during the Queen's reign, Roman Catholics had been treated so far as their political and social status was concerned. The concessions unques tionably were powerful in stimulating that spirit of brotherhood which must precede all organic unity. In addition to the music of the usual evening service the choir sang with their accustomed skill the anthem 'The eyes of all wait upon Thee, O Lord.' Regarding the state of affairs at Tonga, the Fiji correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing on Jane 8, says: — 'The interinsular steamer Southern CioBS returned from Tonga this morning. H6r news is to the effect that, though things are openly quiet, the elements of discord are still actively at work beneath the surface, and promise soon to break into overt dibtnrbance unless the late intervention receives more practical effect. The people have waited in vain for an authoritative an nouncement that they are free to return to the old church, and that religious persecution will cease. None has been made. Instead, the Rev. Messrs. Baker and Watkin have, in speaking at a quarterly meeting of the Free Church, conveyed the opposite impres sion. They have said the Wesleyan churches would not last. Mr. Moulton had no right to reopen them. In two years the Free Church would have all the churches again. The people have also been openly told that it was not the High Commissioner's wish that there should be Weeleyans again. On the first Sunday after the departure of H.M.S. Diamond, 30 Wesleyan churches were reopened, and^the people flocked to them. There were no policemen at the doors noting the attend ants. Then a law was passed, or an old one amended, prohibiting people going from one place to another to assist in holding services, under a fine of £5. Preachers are exempt, but they may not hold service in any town unless there are six adult residents (TonganB) in the town who have attended all the fonos, and complied with the town arrangements, and have been resident for one year. The result of this was that fully half the re-opened churches were again closed. Police have again been noting down the attendants on Wedeyan places of worship, and forwarding the lists to Mr. Baker. The people are in a state of ferment, and unless Mr, Baker is removed it is said to be certain that sooner or later bis life will be again attempted. The German war vessel Eagle has called, and left for Sydney after two days, A French man of-war is expected from Tahiti. Business is worse than dull, and the German firm of Rage and Co. has closed its establishment.' The Chinese Commissioners thoroughly en joyed their stsy ' here. On Saturday they lunched with Mr. John Pile at Rosstrevor, Magill, and then they became the guests of Mr. H. E. Downer, M.P., at his residence, Hilltop, Gampbelltown. They saw the hounds throw off, and were entertained by Mr, Downer. Mr, Way Lee accompanied the visitors, whikt Mr. E. P. Clarke drove out Mr. A. A. Seng Chai and Mr. Kong Meng Jun (attaches to his Excellency the General). On returning to the city in the evening the party were tired, and remained at their hotel, where a large number of their countrymen, residents of the city, called on them. On Sunday the ambassadors visited the Children's Hospital. North Ade laide, the Industrial School for the Blind, North Adelaide, the Adelaide Hospital, and the Lunatic Asylum, North-terrace, and were shown over those institutions. They have given £5 5b. each to the two hospitals and the school for the blind as an indication of their interest therein. They proceeded during the day to the residence of the Collector of Customs (Mr. F. J. Sanderson) at Mill terrace. Afterwards they paid a visit to his Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.), at the Acacias, Kensington. At 6 o'clock Mr. Way Lee entertained them at a Chinese dinner at his establishment in Hindley street, a number of Chinese gentle men being invited to meet their dis tinguished countrymen. Later in the evening they called on his Excellency the Governor at Government-House. On Monday the party left by express in a special carriage for Victoria. The stay in the Victorian metropolis will be brief, and then the commissioners go overland to Queensland by way of Sydney. This will complete the Aus tralian tour, and the deputies will leave Cook town by steamer on their homeward journey. General Wong Yung Ho is anxious to convey through our columns his thanks to all those who have aided in making his brief stay and that of his colleagues enjoyable. The party are delighted with the hospitality shown by the people of Adelaide, and they have gained information which will be of great service to them. We have received the first volume of the work entitled 'Dentechlands Grossindastrie and GroBshandel' (Germany's Wholesale In dustry and Trade), which is being issued by the Deutsche Export Bank of Berlin. It is beautifully printed, and has numerous illus trations inserted amid the text. The present volume gives a description of 29 important factories and industries established in Leipzig. The Saxon city is evidently determined not to rest upon laurels won in the commerce of the past, but to take a foremost place among the great manufacturing towns of the new German Empire. Leipzig, apart from its art treasures, a principally known abroad through the names of its great publishers, as Bernhard Tauchnitz, whose paper-bound editions of popular English novels are so familiar to travellers on the Continent; and B. G. Teubner, publisher of the 'Bibliotheca Scriptorum Graecorum,' and a number of high-class educational works. Leipzig is also the seat of the great publishing house of F. A. Brockhaus, the compiler of the first 'Conversa- tions-Lexicon,' and from the same city go forth the Ulustrirte Zettung and the Oartenlavbe— periodicals which circulate wher ever Germans are settled throughout the world. The two great annual fairs, granted to the city bv the Margrave Otto the Rich in the twelfth century, have lost their former Earo pean importance owing to the commercial changes wrought by the extensive railway system of Germany, but in their place has sprung up of late years a number of flourishing industries. The principal of these are described in the volume. They are for the most part connected in some way with the artistic and literary traditions of the place; but factories for the combing, spinning, and weaving of wool, and for the construction of machinery, are de scribed, as well as those which are more closely connected with literature, such as typefoand ing, bookbinding, lithography, and the manu facture of paper of all sorts. The vast exten sion of German industry in all branches since the war of 1870 is brought very clearly before the reader. As a proof of this it is only neces sary to quote a single fact mentioned in the preface, viz., that the length of the German railway system has grown in the years between 1870 and 1887 from 16,000 to 40,000 kilo metres. The bootmaker, James Charles, who on Monday bad to answer a charge of house breaking, again appeared before the City Police Court on Tuesday charged with having on June 20 burglariously entered the house of John Austin, and stealing therefrom a piece of bacon, a ham, a silk handker chief, a linen bag, and money to the value of 7s. The complainant and his wife left their house in Sturt - street at about 1 o'clock on Accession Day, and on re turning thither about three hoars afterwards found the back door, which in common with all the other doors and windows of the house had been locked before their departure, un locked, and a number of articles missing from the dwelling. It was found that a desk in the sitting-room had been burst open, and that the till in the shop at the front of jthe house had been similarly treated. AU the goods specified in the information were, stolen. The landlady of the Star and Garter Hotel, which is opposite to the complainant's shop, stated that the defendant came into and went out of her bar several times between the hours of 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. on June 20. Other evidence was also called to show that de fendant waB in the neighborhood of Austin's shop shortly ' after noon on the day in question. Detective Hampton on searching the defendant's house found there in nine skeleton keys under a sofa mattress, also a silk handkerchief and a ham. The de tective further ascertained that one of these keys opened a door of the informant's house. On the application of Inspector Sullivan the hearing of the case was adjourned. On Wednesday £ the defendant appeared a third time before the bench at the City Police Court, he having on this occasion to defend himself againBt two charges, the hearing of which had been adjourned from Monday and Tuesday respectively. In the first case (a charge of breaking into the house of Rose Leon) the defendant had been remanded, bo that he might call witnesses to prove an alibi. Two persons were called by Charles for this purpose, but as neither was prepared to. say that the de fendant, as alleged by himself, was at the Union Hotel, in Waymouth -street, on Monday evening, he expressed no wish to have the evidence taken down. He was committed for trial on both charges. The two new British army corps to which Lord Wolseley made reference in a recent speech at the Press Club dinner will comprise in round numbers, says the London Daily Telegraph, a total of 60,000 fighting men. It is to have such a force always in instant readi ness to take the field that the War Office authorities have within the last year devoted much time and preparation to putting two corp3 on a war footing. Each regiment, battalion, battery, and detachment from the army tran sport, medical staff, and other non-combatants, together with every detail connected with the equipment of an army engaged in a cam paign, has had to be got ready, eo that the troops could move forward a compact, fully organised force, and if necessary give battle to an enemy within 24 hours after receiving the order to 'march.' So thoroughly has the permanent mobilisation of the corps been effected that the War Office authorities assert that, were the transports in readiness, and the troops received the command to embark on them, the men and horses could be got on board long befoie the stores could possibly be shipped. It is not, however, so much to have an army of 60,000 men available for foreign service that the mobilisation of two corps has been undertaken. As Lord Wolseley explained, two corps is the smallest force with which any prudent general would attempt to act with the least hope of suc cess to repel a landing in force or sudden invasion of this country. The two corps are therefore a necessary insurance force, or, as he pnt it, fire brigade, for the country's pro tection. This British army of 60,000 trained soldiers is to be made np of 60,000 bayonets, 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry, and the remainder of artillerymen and engineers. In addition, there will be a division of cavalry between 8.000 and 4,000 strong always ready to take the field. This cavalry division, which will consist of two brigades, will be the first to profit by the proposed reduction in the Royal Horse Artillery, for the released horses will be turned over to that body. It is intended that the cavalry division shall, like the two army corps, always be in readiness for active service. With such a strong mounted force it is thought that should an emergency ever arise, without either long delay or great difficulty, by meanB of reserves and volunteers, the numbers of bayonets and guns could safely and quickly be swelled were the army called to take the field to 100,000 or 150,000 men. The SU James's Gazette publishes the follow ing description of the extraordinary scene wit nessed at the meeting at Toronto, Canada, which Mr. O'Brien addressed in connection with hiB attempt to rake an agitation in Canada against file Marquis of Lansdowne: — 'The meeting continued for two hours; but the yelling and surging of the mob drowned Mr. O'Brien's voice, and scarcely a word , could be heard beyond the platform. Two British flags floated over him— relics of the loyalist meeting. Cheers, groans, shouts, and hoots greeted the friend who intro duced Mr. O'Brien. A body of some 60 young fellows near the platform started singing -« The Boyne Water.' This was quickly drowned by the Leaguers singing 'God save Ireland.' Indescribable confusion followed, Bhillelahs were swung round, bats were thrown np and smashed, and shouts were raised of 'God save the Queen!' 'Pay your rent!' ' Hurrah for Lansdowne '.' and ' Rule Britannia !' Mr. O'Brien shouted in stentorian tones, his face grew red, and he gesticulated wildly, bat the uproar prevented any from hearing him. A huge shillelah was rawed near the centre of the crowd, with a cry of 'Hurrah for ould Ireland!' followed by 'Down with O'Brien!1 Then a wild rush was made for the platform, whereupon a platoon of mounted police was ordered forward, and thousands of the crowd ran at full speed in all directions. When the crowd was reformed a brief interval of compara tive silence ensued. Then somebody shouted 'Hurrah for Lansdawne!' Instantly he was struck, and a dozen ehillelahs were uplifted. One man who cried * God save Ireland V was struck on the head, the blood sporting from his wound. A free fight followed, but the police dashed in, and then order was again partly restored. The yelling, shouting, and surging continued throughout. Although the crowd was large, it seemed that less than 100 were bent on a riot. Finally Mr. O'Brien finished his speech, which the reporters recorded with difficulty, and which few in the crowd heard, and he retired amid cheers. Mr. Kilbride followed, being greeted with cries of 'Thief! Thief! Pay your rent.' Twotrees in the front of the platform, which were filled with men shouting, were shaken by several powerful Leaguers until those on the branches came down, several fights following. The Orange men setup two speakers on neighboring brisk pileB to talk against Mr. O'Brien, who roared themselves hoarse. The meeting closed by passing a resolution protesting against Lord Lansdowne's treatment of his Luggacarren tenants.' 