(ESTABLISHED '1842) With which is incorporated rcite gortlanutl itirror. \---o-- Published Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday Evening. MONDAY, JUNE 1:1, 'SSA. I)E:ATH OF 111. ATKINsON.--M3RIIV of our readers will learn with regret that Mr. Edwin Atkinson, the Secretary of the Shile of Portland, died at his residence in this town at an early hour on Sunday morning. The deceased gentleman has been a resident of Port land for upwards of a' quarter of a century, and for almost 25 years he held the responsible positon .of Town Clerk. lie also took a prominent part in the management of St. Stephen's Church, and for a great many years was closely identified with it as a church warden or secretary. - Some three years ago he secured the position of Shire Secretary, in which capacity he dis charged the duties of his office to the satisfaction of all. The deceased gentleman has been suffering from dropsy for some time, but although unwell hbe was able to retain the position up to the hour of his death. The funeral takes place to-morrow morning at 11 a.m. SEA- SIDE ATTrrtCTION?.-It is no news to the reading public that many of the sea- side resorts in England were obscure villages a few years ago, having been made what they are by a plentiful out lay of money. One of these places has lately become a fashionable resort at its annual race meeting in consequence of I.11.11. Albert Edward having run his own horses there. tiere is a short ex tract from a letter of an old resident during a Local Board (equivalent to our Borough Council) election. He goes in for men who will spend the ratepayer's money in making the place attrac tire. "I have been long enough a resident in Sandown to know what to know what local Government has done "for the place. It has done a great deal, and if we had not had a local board, the town would never have held the position it now holds against the heavy competition it is exposed to amongst the sea-side resorts all over the kingdom for that public pationage without which we need no ghost to tell us they corId not exist." Nor does it need a prophet to tell us that unless Portland bids in like manner for public patronage,. though it will not altogether "cease to exist," it will dwindle down so that three-fourths of the shopkeepers will have to seek else where for a living. We- want some Isle of Wight people among us. SIrna MEETrso.-Owing to the death of Mr. Atkinson, the secretary. the or dinary meeting of the Shire Council. which was to have been held to-morrow, has been adjourned until Thursday. MILITAn Y VislTon.-Major Snee ar rived in this town on Friday evening, and reference to some of.the matters he took part in will be found in another paragraph. On Saturday Major Snee inspected the local rifle butts, and ex pressed himself very much pleased with the arrangements and the ranges gener ally. The Major left by this morning's train for Heywood to inspect the corps at that place. IlER M.JESTY's JUBILEE. - In our advertising columns the town clerk an nounces that the Victorian Women's address to the Quee. lies at the Town Hall for signature, and all who are disposed to sign are requested to do so as soon as possible. In connection with the local Jubilee demonstration all those having bunting are requested to display the same, as also to illuminate to the best of their ability. POLICE CoURT.-At the Police Court this moaning before Messis. J. Marriott and D. McEachern, two men were brought up charged with the robbery of articles of clothing, &c.;, to the value of about 30s. from W. Price, of Lake Condab. The local police received a telegram from Condah last night giving adescriptionof one of the men and stating that it was supposed he had gone to Portland to go away by steamer. The man described was found and acknow ledged the theft giving as his reason for carrying away the articles that Price owed him money. A man who cames down with the chief uonlprit was also arrested. as he had a handkerchief in cluded with the stolen property in his possession. They were both lodged.in the lockup and brought up as mentioned above this morning, when a remand was granted until Thursday to allow of the appearance of the prosecutor. Cossatt J3ilLEE SeoIrTs.-B.y. e forene to an advertisement in another column it will be seen that our Condslh friends intend catering for the public in an efficient manner. A really ex cellent programme of athletic sports has been arranged, and given finhe weather the Condah celebration will not ie amongst the least enjoytable of the Jubilee demonstrations. 'Intending compe itors are reminded that nomina tioss for the Coidah l Handicap, llandi cap IInrdle Race and Ladies' Bracelet must be in the hands of the Secretary, Mr. S. A. LMarks, on or before 4 p.m. on Wednesday, June 15. In reference to that portion of the celebration affecting the school children, we would suggest that a public meeting of the parents be called so that some systematic scheme could be decided upon. S?ulsr ltxEs.-'Tlhe amount of rates received by the Shire iRate Collector since Inst mieeting of the Council is £lSJ 9s Gd. AccorTs.- At the Receipt and Pay litfe a:ccounts await ilas'IUment to thse iollowig :--'. 31cl.achlan, D). Conole. \V. I'. lAndcrsosn. I'. Spencer, .\\. W. fe, W. Osloulrine, . C. T. Cooke,. and T. Jones. W.S.N. Bo'Ts.-Mr. S.Jllawkins, the local' agent.for',theseI steamers, desires I us to notify the following alterations in t the days of sailing. The Junlia Percy will not leave Melbourne until WVednes- I pay at.4 p.in., and this port until Satur- I day at 7 a.m. ' The Nelson' leaves Mel- t bourne as usual on Friday, but will re main here until Wednesday. This alteor ation will admit of the Nelson being hero on the--night we celebrate HIer Majesty's 'Jubilee, for which we are pleased, as Captain Chapman is ever ready to go-to a little trouble and ex pense to do.honor to IHer Majesty. and we look forward to the display of fire works from the Nelson as by no means an -insignificent feature in the general display. \- Rteocs?rox.-''he forfeiture of the ,ilcoRanges run, notified in last week's aqaette, has now been revoked. Srnoxo SWErLL. -?.,Heavy "southerly vinds prevailed yesterday. which had he effect of causing a rather heavy swell in the bay. and the steamers Dawn and qelson, which had been lying alonigside, 'tatled off about dusk yesterday evening. iome slight- fear was felt that the wind vould get round to the south-east, and it one time the indications appeared to favor this belief, but happily the undo sirable shift did not occur, and this morning the' bay presented its 'accus tomed serenity. W~rT.usL .-Our weather pars., which have been,ip a very moist straiu during the past. week must still continue the same. Since our last issue a great quan tity of rain has fallen, and on Saturday evening for three solid hours ittrained without cessation. Yesterday was stormy and cold, but to-day there is some slight improvement, although the temperature is still low and there are showers of rain 'at intervals. BOLT.-uOn Saturday as an employd of Mr. lHarris was driving a spring cart in Bentinck street south the back board fell down, startling the horse. att.cehed to the cart, and causing it to bolt. A young son of Mr. larris' who was in the cart dropped off in safety, but the driver hung on to the beast. until the toua broke, when the shafts dropped to the ground and one of them smashing entered the arm of the horse, causing it to stop. The only damage caused was the injury to the horse, which is curable, and the breaking of the shaft CADET CORPS.--We are pleased to be able to state that the matter of estab lishing a cadet corps in Portland is being taken up by a few gentlemen in a spirit that bids fair to popularise the movement and render it a success. The sympathies of Captain Foote have always been with the object, and it is pleasing to be able to state he is taking an active part in the endeavor to establish a corps here. He has interviewed Mr. Stephins on the matter, and the result is that the parents of a number of lads will be waited upon to explain matters fully. We might men tion that the corps %-ill be open to all, and offence should not be taken by any who may not be personally waited upon, for it is impossible to remember every one in a case'such as this. 'Major Snee was hero last week and expressed satisfaction that steps were being taken to establish a icorps in ' Portland. He wished the movement every success, and hoped .matters would progress suffi ciently satisfactory to admit of the Portland corps taking part in the re view which it is proposed to hold in November. ARitIvAL or Am?nCuISnoP C?Us. - Saturday's Herald supplies the follow ing:--Archbishop Carr, the newly-ap pointed head of the Roman Catholic Church in Melbourne, arrived at Spencer streat station this morning, and was accorded a hearty reception. lie was met at the station by several mem bers of the Roman Catholic community -lay and clerical-who represented not only their brethren in the city, but throughout the colony. After being duly welcomed, his Grace was escorted to a carriage splendidly equipped, which was presented to him, and a procession consisting of the various schools, societies, and congregations connected with the Church in the metropolis and elsewhere, was formed. The clergy and many influential citi. zens followed in carriages, while the religious bodies with, their bangs, banners, and, other insignia, niarched. The route taken was along Bourke street, Queen street, Lonsdale street, Swanston street, Latrobe street, Spring street, Lansdown street, and Grey street. The ringing of the bells in tho massive tower and the pealing of the organ added solemnity to the scene. The entire proceedings evinced carefal preparation on the part of the police and of those entrusted with the mainage ment. The number of those partici pating in the procession must have been about 8000, and at one portion of the route were some 50 carriages of various descriptions... Notwithstanding that the weather 'looked threatening there was an immense attendance of the general.public, and though estimat ing the extent of such a large 'gatheriing is a most difficult task, it is beyond a doubt that as the procession passed two or three of the largest thoroughfares the entire crowd must have exceeded 40,000. At various points along the route, his Grace was heartily cheered by the spectators not participating in thoe procession, and suitably acknow leded. the greetings. Everiything passed off without a hitch, and the entire proceedings were creditable not only to.the authorities who regula~'the traffic, ibut to all parties concerned. Cuoi?u. Socr?rr.-On Friday night the Choral Society met in the Wesleyan school-teeoom. There was a good attend ance and some excellent practice was the result of the meeting. RIFLE CoIPrITIOx. - The Secretary infroms us that good nominations have been received for the rifle compatitions to be commenced at the local butts on June 25. I)evTISN(; CLL:ns COSEIrTr.-An adl vertiscment in another colmmn ad nounces that the concert under the anspices of the local Literary andl l)cebating Society will take place on the night of Friday, l2 th inst. 'Tr?:asc~ny.-We observe that Mr. Mhrljhy has returned to his old quarters at the local sub-Treasury, whore his tlaco has been filled during the past month by Mr. McGonig-aL Sr. GEORE.,-This well-known race horse has again changed hands, but this time his owner is not a resident of this district. Mr. Pettit some short time back bought St. George from Mr George: Bell, who bred him, and last week he accepted a tempting offer, and by the Julia Percy the old favorite will leave for MelboruD., fThue prico paid was over three scor , MrLIrrA,-AttW F idiy ' ight'ha.parado the first drill iwaslgivenaat 'the 40 pounder. 'Th alxflipiefoved s ery4 apt at the drill, their previous Iknowledge of the 12-pounder. drill being ot£advan tage. Major Snee "wasain interested spectator of. the movements of the squads ant the 12 -pounder and 40 pounder respectively, and expressed his approval of the celerity with which the -work was performed, and this coming' 'from an expert in artillery drill is a feather in the cap of the local men and their instructors. The band contri buted several pieces during the evening, much to the enjoyment of several visitors who were in the room. Tae VaRDICT.-The jury who had to decide the cause of death of the persons killed in the Windsor railway accident took nearly six hours to deliberate upon their verdict. The Coroner con cluded his summing-up at 25 minutes to 3 o'clock on Friday, and it was 20 minutes past S when the jury returned with their decision. The foreman :announced that the jury had arrived at a unanimous verdict. They found in the first place, that Mr. Parkes, Mr. Runting, and Mrs. Foster, were killed on the Brighton railway line on the 11th May by the collision of two trains, and Driver Maskell and Fireman McINabb lost their lives by the same means while in the execution of their duties. They found, also (1), that Driver Keats was guilty of gross ne glect in not bringing his train within cover of his home signal; (2) that Guard Laing was also guilty of gross neglect in not going back to protect his train; and (3) that great blame was attached to Stationmaster Godge in permitting the probationer Black burne to occupy such a respon sible position without proper super vision. Further than this, the jury ex pressed great' surprise that the Prahran station should have been in such a con dition of disorganisation without the knowledge of the traffic department, nor could they but feel that the evidence given in the inquiry abundantly estab. lished the charge of laxity of supervision and of systematic neglect on the part of officers whose duty it was to see that the rudes and regulations of the depart ment were faithfully carried out. They found also that the public safety was greatly imperilled by the placing at im portant stations of inexperienced lads,' and urged the better train ing of probationers, and a more careful supervision of the hose-pipes used in connection with the Westing house brake. In rep'y to questions, the jury said they 'did not intend gross neglect to mean "culpable negligence," such as would criminate the persons con cerned. The Coroner intimated that it would be for the Crown to interpret the verdict, and decide whether any of those named should be prosecuted. lie re marked subsequently that the verdict was the longest that had ever been handed to him.-Argus. R F L E C LU . - The secretary of the Portland Rifle Club has re ceived from Captain Farroll, of Ham ilton, a circular asking how many mem bers are willing to undergo a course of drill, and the former will be glad to know from the members whether they are inclined to join in the matter. A 167-ouxcE NuoGET.-- The largest nugget found for many years was un earthed on Saturday in the Midas Com pany's claim, Sulky Gully. Its weight is 167 ounces, and it is well water worn. JuDoxzMrr debtors may not be gene rally aware that by non- attendance upon a fraud summons they render themselvesliable to immediate imprison ment. In the County Court, Melbourne, on Saturday His Honor Judge Moles worth announced that debtors were bound to obey the mandate of the Court, and that default was an offence sufficient to warrant their immediate committal. VIcroRI.s M[ILITIA. - The Gazetle notifies the approval by the Governor in-Council of the confirmation of the commission of the following officer, who was appointed on probation: Captain i. Vicars Foote, 2nd Brigade Garrison Artillery. A deliberate attempt at murder and subsequent suicide occurred at Lilydale on Friday night. Isaac Howell, who has been livring at Wandin, "attacked his wife with a tomahawk but she managed to escape. He.then cut his own throat, inflictinga fearful gash, and died shortly afterwards.. The- body.was brought to Lilydale and an inquest will be held to morrow. : s O aPrre ?O' oA BUOLaBo- A. Herald telegram says :--An exciting episode occurred' at Numurkah- at about"2 o'clock on Saturday morning. For the past few weeks petty robberies have been committed at night fronithe store of Iessrs. MIeshei and Addis, and on Fridaynight Mr.- Addis determined- to sleep on the premises and find out.the perpetrator' if possible.'" Accordinigly he made a shakedown forhimself in the store, and at the time mentioned le wsS awoke' by hearing a footstep close to whee lo wras sleeping. He immeliately juinped up and challenged the intiuder, and threatened to shoot him. The burgnlar said, "I will shoot too.'" Mr. Addis then fired and missed. A second shot also failed to hit the man, but it was immediately followed by a third, which struck himu in the thighl. IHe then surrenloered, and a lmessenger was despatched for the police. Constable Young soon arrived and found the would-bo burglar, an old manu John Moffatt. to be bleeding profusely fromn the wound. lie was removed to the lock-up, and medical assistance was obtained, and tie wound attended to. Skeleton keys were found in the door. ufron which it was oeviden~t tha:t lufftatt was no novice at the gam:ue. H]Isr;.T?oS. - The Governor-in Council has accepted the resignation of D. McLean as a trustee of the Narra wong Cemetery site. THE s.s. DAWN left Melbourne at 6 p.m. on the 9th; cleared Port Phillip Heads at 10.20 p.m. on the 9th ; rounded Capo 0tway at 5.15 a.m. on the 10th ; ar rived at Warrnambool jetty at 0.45 p.m. on the 10th; left Warrnambool jetty at 3.15 p.m. on'the 10th ;:arrived at Bel fast wharf at 4.45 p.m. on the 10th; left Belfast wharf at 5.45 p.m. on the lIth; arrived at Portland jetty at '.50 p.m. Experienced strong north winds to Cape Otway, thence to Port land strong N.N.W. winds and heavy w'esterly'sea. SREGISTRAR OF BIIRTHS AND DEATHS. Walter Duff has been appointed Deputy Registrar of births and deaths at Narra wong, vice D. McLean, resigned. DEPUTY ELECTORAL ItEUISI'AR. Walter Duff, Narrawo:lg, has been ap pointed Deputy Electoral Registrar for the Ieywuod division of the Electoral district of Portland, and for the Port land Shire division of the Western Pro vince, rice D. McLean, resigned. DAwN.-The s.s. Dawn arrived at a late hour on Friday night and came to the pier. She discharged and loaded cargo on Saturday and sailed agian this morning. We may mention that the Dawn will not be hero this week at her usual time, as she goes into dock on her arrival in Melbourne. PROPERTY SL.E.--WO remind our readers that on Wednesday next, Mr. J. R. Woods will offer for sale land and stock in the estate of the lao W. Clapham. Auoos SALE.-Attention is drawn to the advertisement announcing the sale of h1r. D. 3[cLou ,a st.:k and furniture on Thursday next at Narra wong. Tur. east coast of the north island of oNew Zealand has again been visited by very stormy weather and two wrecks have occurred near Napier. The New Zealand hlerald, of May 23, contains the following telegram from Napier in refer ence to the wrecks :-The s.s. Goahead went ashore at Cape Kidnapper at 2 o'clock on Friday morning, and is now a total wreck. All on board were saved except a fireman named Gunning, who would not leave the ship in the boat when all the others went off, fearing the boat could not live in the sea. Some time aftewards, at low water, he at tempted to swim ashore, hut was drowned halfway to the beach. The crew and passengers who escaped made their way to Clifton station, where everything possible for their comfort was done. The accident was due to the terribly thick weather which ren dered it impossible to see land, the vessel being in the breakers before it was known that anything was wrong. If there had been a light on or near the Kidnappers the disaster could not have happened. The vessel is a total wreck, bottom upwards, and nearly all broken up. News: has also reached here of the wreck of the Sir Donald steamer, belonging to the port of Napier. She is reported to have gone ashore about five miles north of Gisborne and to be broken up completely. It is feared that, all lives have been lost." The Wellington correspondent of the same paper reports that a southerly gale had been blowing there for three days. Shipping for the past two days had been at a standstill, vessels being neither able to get in nor out of the port. The Tarawera, which left for Napier and Auckland at 6 o'clock the previous even ing, was obliged to put back from the Heads on account of the tremendous sea running in the Straits. The sea is re ported to have been the heaviest known in the Straits for years. The sight must have been a grand one according to the description given by those on board. A steamer at the entrance to the harbour was perfectly obscured by the driving spray. Huge blue seas rolled in with tremendous fury, and on reaching the cliffs under Pencarrow broke with terrific violence, the spray being sent over the cliff tops. With such an out look, Captain Sinclair thought discretion the better part of valour, and much to the passengers' delight, turned his ship round and came back to port. Every year , Wor,''s ScBwAPPS gains in favour with a discerning public, while others liquors are cast into oblivion. 