Ibnmor., A Man's fllotlier-iu-Law. It is a mystery which no one lias yet suHtu, why.eo runny slid jokes are constantly being perpetrated about a man's mother in-law What dreadful crime has the; unfortunate woman committed in providing the man with bis wife that he'should bear such' an undy ing grudge against her? - • Now if it was a woman't. mother-in-law who was made the butt of these jokes there might be a grain of sense in them; for it is the man's mother who has it in her power to make life a burden to the young wife and not half try. ■ As a matter of fact, a woman is usually proud and fond of her son-in-law if he only gives her the ghost of a chance. When the young couple first go to house keeping who is it that comes in and. with her good. sense and practical experience tides them over the rough places? A man's mother-in-law. It is the woman's mother-in-law who is ; most apt to criticise, and who exasperates the young wife by quoting, all too frequently, " My son iB used to hav^ things thus andso." "My'son must have thiB or'that for his meals." " My son; with, his small income, should have married"a,prudent, economical, woman," etc. , Wlien the first baby? makes it appearance, as well as the successive ones, who is it that steps in and relieves the husband of his weary vifjils, and takes the load of care and worry oif the wife's feeble shoulders,' and keeps the household running smoothly?"' The man's mother-in-law. When he and bis wife plan to take a little trip together, who is it comes,in and takes charge of the house and the children, so that they can peacefully enj§y their holiday, with the restful thought. " Mother is there and it will be all right?" 1 The man's mother-in-law, > • WJien there is sickness or trouble in the house, who is the faithful nurse, the wise counsellor, the sympathizing friend? The man's mother-in-law. ' And if, inthecourBe of events, the wife dies, who is, it that usually comes in and 'takes care of the children, 'and keeps up the • home till the bereaved husband has time to look around and find another wife? A man's mother-in-law;. - , And how'does he reward her for all this devotion? , By making heartless jokes at her expense, and' publishing them for other men to snickcr over I . Ingratitude, thy name is Man I 