A Famous Magician. ' (From the Hondón Standard. ' j A correspondent supplies us with some curious reminiscences of " Herrmann the Wizard," whose death has just taken placo at Carlsbad. Few men were better known than M. Herrmann. He had viBited and porformed in almost every city of Chriatendom, and to tho many fortunée which he made and lost almost every race known to civilisa- tion had contributed. He was, moreover, an anti- quarian and an artist, and spent the leisure of his life of wandering in accumulating housefuls, of costly ware, arms, utenBils, sculpture, and ethno- logical curiosities. But Herrmann waa not only a popular favourite ; ho was a welcome visiter at the courts of kings. The late Czar gave him crosses of knighthood and large sums for his entertainments ; and the Sultan Abdul Assiz was never quite sure whether to regard hira as a mighty Jinn or a chcvaVir d'industrie who had best be kept at a distance from honest men's pockets. In many re- spects his skill has never been surpassed, and as he died without revealing his secrets, they are always likely to remais a mystery, unless, indeed, his intended memoirs are ready for the printer. He was the most adroit of pick- pockets-all in the way of business. But though it ÍB easy to understand how he abstracted the Sultan's watch from the Imperial fob, it has never yet been explained how he contrived to re- place it after the time-piece had been tossed into the sea. The solution of the problem has been sought for in the supposition that the watch thrown into the Bosphorus was a duplicate of the one in his Majesty's pocket. This ia simple. But M. Herrmann, who though he chose to keep his own counsel, was by no means lacking in frankness, in- variably declared that this was entirely untrue. Nevertheless, he did nbt repeat the experiment. It (did not pay, except with Oriental monarchs. He would take two pigeons, one with a black and the other with a white poll, and to all appearances make them exchange heads, and often amazed a restaurateur who was carrying a plate of rolls with the discovery, before ho had crossed the floor, that he had only wulnuts to place before his customer. Herrmann was, however, perhaps the greatest of a race of conjurers now all but passed away. He was a sleight-of-hand performer. His art was almost wholly that of legerdemain, and he could quite as easily transfer a threepenny piece to the centre of a pear on the luncheon table, as he could, with all the appliances of his art about him, on a public platform. Quickness of an unequalled character, ingenuity in diverting attention from his manipulations, and a remarkable faculty for concealment, were what gave him his chief dex- terity. The inexhaustible hat was in his hands even more inexhaustible than UBual, and the globes of gold fish which conjurors are wont to produce from under a cloth ware, in Herrmann's perform- ances, even larger and more numerous than ordin- ary. It is claimed that ho and Robert-Houdin elevated white magic from the level of vulgar jugglery to the rank of science. This is, to a certain extent, true. They almost, for the first time, did their trick in the open, scorning the | magician's robes and the fur-embroidered cap, though even in plain evening dress the modern conjuror has never yet been able to dispense with MB mystic wand. Herrmann loved dearly to envelope himself in mystery. Ho spoke all languages-but all with' a foreign accent-and to' the day of his death no man quite knew what was his nationality. ? Not, for the samo reason, did he care to give a positive disproof of the absurd story that he could not sign his name' In reality, he was well educated, and for Borne yearB studied and, we believe, practised medicine in Paris, until, like so many other men who have taken up the profession to gratify their parents, he abandoned it to please himself. Latterly, ho took advantage of the rapidly-advancing applications of physical science. But, for the most part, he pre- ferred to trust to his amazing dexterity ond match- less keenness of eye,' In the East this is the special rôle of the " Magician." In the market places of Barbary, and in the bazaars of India, jugglers from Sus and the Valley of the Ganges j may be daily scon performing feats which aro, to - say the le-ast of them, inexplicable. Their skill ia, however, the acquired skill of men who belong to a family or an order who from time immemorial have practised the same feats, until they become wondrously expert in them. Napoleon III sont Robert Houdin into Algeria to shake the Arabs' faith in their Marabouts, by showing that he, an infidel, could perform " miracles " more amazing than any of them. HÍB journey was not, however, an unqualified success. He certainly managed to so astonish the wild tribesmen that occasionally his life was in danger from professional jealousy. But, on the other hand, he failed ignominiously to even approach some of the native feats which were shown him. And in Japan and China, without the aid of any scientific apparatus,, the local conjuror can to this day.mystify oven Europeans familiar with most of the usual stock- ' in-trade of conjurors from the west. In truth, the majority of the modern magician's tricks owe everything to a ingénions application of " the principles of science. They are professors »f applied optics, chemistry, and electricity, quite st much, though only in another direction, as Sir William Armstrong or Mr. Edison. Their ghosts and vanishing ladies, their automata and their spirit photographs, are only skilfully mystified effects produced by( mirrors or worked by electrioity,. though, of course, they are not likely to acknow- ledge the fact, and far less to explain the way in which the effects are produced. They scarcely require a confederate ; while anything so clumsy as Pinetti's "Grand Sultan," which answered ques- tions by strikiug on a boll " by arrangement," or the host of similar automata, which, operated by a human being inside of them, would nowadays be despised by evon a third-rate conjuror. The " pitch- drinkers," the man that takes blazing brimstone into his, mouth, and affects to swallow .molten lead-in reality quicksilver-have boen» relegated to tho booths of country fares, and, in 'an age when every schoolboy knows Borneo thing of electricity, it might be rash to repeat Houdin's trick of the light and the hewy chest, the lightness or the contrary being due to a concealed electro-magnet. Hermann, as well as Houdin and Anderson, developed an excel- lent acquaintance with the teachings of Mesmer, and not only surpassed, as have done their successors, the pretended wonders of clairvoyance,, but demonstrated the knavery of the rogues who duped the public by making supernatural preten- sions. The "inexhaustible bottle," which at one timo w_aa a source of so much speculation, is now Bcarôely considered worthy of exhibiting before a . civilised audience. Everybody knows how.tae^flow of the liquid from the partitions is controlled by the air holes in the top, according to a principle of , hydrostatics no more recondite than the spile-holo in the head of a beer cask. The rope tying-and Back feats which for a time were associated with the Davenport Brothers-though in reality the American Indians had performed them for ages -are now exhibited by the ragged con- jurors who seek for the patronage of a scoffing public in the London by-streets ; while the Chinese ring trick, and the producing of a bowl of water with gold fish out of a shawl though, so far as Europe is concerned, not 50 years old-have become part of the repwfoire of moat amateur practitioners of legerdemain. In brief,, the modern conjurer is, to a large extent, no longer i a juggler. He does not effect any mystery beyond JL a professional secret or two, and so far from making \ simpletons gape with hiB " hocus poona," his magic \ " wand, hiB stuffed alligator, his " incubus," and his *' familiar," is only too anxious to let his patrons ¿now that the spiritualist and the thought-reader are humbugs, whilst he is au honest man who pre- tends nothing more than to deceive. Science is hi» accomplice. He tries simply to apply its principles, and reaps his harvest ia the brief period which elapses before the world gets as wise as himself. 