Christmas Bush and Mistletoe. I (See illustrations on pages 1288 and 1291.) " Yea," said grandma ; " ChriBtmaa in Australia ia very different from the Christmases we had in the old land when I was a girl." ? . ' Tell us about it, grandma. Tell na all about it, exclaimed tho children. "Wellr you see, my dears, the sun doesn't shine there Uko it does here even in the summer time ; and Christmas comes iv the winter, when the trees lose all their leaves, and the long gaunt skeleton limbB ¿ are covered with wreaths of anow, BO that at night they look like giant ghosts." . "We haven't got any ghoata in Australia," re marked Tommy. "No," said grandma; "ghoets don't live where they »re not believed in." "But what did you do at Christmas, grandma ?" asked Alice. ' " Why, we didn't run about on the grass like you do, because there was no grass to be Been; and very often it was too oold and bleak to go out at all ; and it got very dark quite early. So we had to stop in doors. Sometimes we had music at 5, and supper at ti; and after that we used to Bit round the great blazing fire and liBten to stories; or else we'd play blind man'B buff, or hunt the slipper, or indulge in aome other indoor game. And on Christmas Eye we used to hang up a pieoe of mistletoe to the oeiling. And the boys would ohaßo the girls ; and when they caught them they would lead them under the mistletoe, and kiss them." " Oh, grandma, how funny ! " remarked Alioe. "But what's mistletoe, grandma ?" asked Tommy. " It's a sort of bush which grows on the oak trees, something the same aa the Btaghorn lilies grow on the gum trees in Australia." " But what'a it like ? Is it like the staghorna ?" " On, no, not in the least. In faofc, it's more like ' the Australian Christmas bush." '* ""And wouldn't Christmas bush do to kiss under just as well, grandma ?" " Oh, yeB," Baid grandma, with a laugh. " I dare say it would." Tom said nothing more. Bat he seemed very thoughtful ; and Boon afterward the ohildren went to bed. The next morning grandma, who had forgotten all about it, wa« quite astonished when the ohildren gathered round her, and began to pull her and posh her toward the parlor ; and when they got her there there was a bunoh of Christmas bush hanging from the oeiling ; and they hustled her under it not unwillingly. And even the baby, who oould only just 1 toddle, oame up to kiss grandma under the mistletoe, aB Bhe used to be kissed when she waB as young as they were in the old land far away over the sea. "They hustled grandma under the Christmas bush, and kissed her." (See sketch entitled "Christmas Bush and Mistletoe," on page 1286.) I "Music at Five-Supper at Six." (Seo sketcli entitled "Christmas Bush and Mistletoe," on page 1286.) 