A GAME OF CHANCE. BY ELLA J. CURTIS I (SHIRLEY SMITH), I Author of " Tfia Favorite of Fortnno/J " All for Herself,' " Hii Last Stake," &C;,, &0. [Published by epeoia arrangement with the author A1 rights reserved. CHAPTER XLVI.-How IT ENDED. Baffled in his attempt at Belf-deBtruction by the courage and determination of Ellen Balfour, Rossltur sank to the ground in a half-nnconaclouH state. The violence of the paroxaym had passed, the terrible pressure on the brain being probably re lieved by the flow of blood from his throat. It was not a serious cut, for the poor fellow's hand was nerveless, although when Ellen grappled with him for the knife he rallied all his remaining strength to resist her. The guests, men for the most part, who were waiting in the porch for carriages to come up, heaid the cries for help, and before the frightened girl imagined that succour could reach her, half a dozen gentlemen were in the loft. They found her leaning exhausted against the organ; her face deadly white, while blood from her fingers, cut in the struggle for the knife, streamed over her dress. She had shut her eyes that she might nob see RoEsitur's agonised and gh astly face; but she could not close her ears to the moans that now and then broke from him. It was evident that he was suffering in tensely. The doctor, quickly summoned, dressed the wound, which he declared was super ficial, and not at all likely to prove dan gerous, but he said that the poor young fellow was in the first stage of acute brain fever, and would require the greatest possible care if his life was to be saved. Ellen and his sister both testified to his late sufferings from sleeplessness, and the latter added that his Bpeech and hearing throughout the time she was with him in the organ loft that morning showed that his mind was unhinged. It was useless to declare now that he ought to have been 1? ept away from the church, and indeed all needless regrets upon the subject wera merged in the urgent question of the moment, how to get him home as quietly and with as little delay as possible Itwas done at last with infinite difficulty, and as the speeches of congratulation were being made at the wedding break fast, and the bride sat beside her husband with her eyes demurely cast down as she listened to her own praises being sang, and to the federation of Milbanke's good fortune in having secured Buch a charm ing wife, poor Rossitur lay tossing on his bed with delirium coming on, and the fever increasing in intensity every moment. The news of his sudden collapse, and the tragedy thathad^all but taken place in the church," spread like wildfire through the village, and was of course exaggerated by every tongue that repeated the story. The knife covered with blood, so one declared, had fallen on the bride's white gown, and left a great stain. She screamed at the ill-omened sight, and all but fainted in the bridegroom's arms. Another version, believed by many, was that the organist had fired a shot at the bridal party while the ceremony was pro ceeding, and that Lord Warleigh, the be3t man, would have been killed if he had not bent his head just in time to avoid the bullet. And a second shot would have followed the first if Ellen Balfour had not wrenched the pistol away. Everyone said that everyone knew something dreadful would happen before long. Charles Rossitur had looked so un like himself, and what had happened was a warning to young men not to fall in love with women who were above them in station. Was it likely that the earl's only daughter would stoop to Farmer Rossitur's son ? The guests who had waited to assist m the removal of the unfortunate young man to his home brought the news to the Park, but as it was such a horrible story for the bride to hear on her wedding day, every thing possible was done to keep it from Lady Judith's ears. That something very unusual had taken place was, however, so patent to everyone that the bride's curiosity was aroused, and getting hold of her younger brother she made him tell her everything. And he did so in the matter- of-fact and uncon cerned manner peculiar to a lad of about 17. "Something happened after you left, you say ? By jove ! I should think so, rather! That good looking chap who plays the organ tried to stab himself, ©r some thingr and he would have killed himself outright but for some plucky girl who was in the organ loft with him ! She sang out for help, and seized the knife and gob it from him and flung it out into the body of the church. I believe it hit old Mul berry, the pew-opener, on the top of his bald head and cracked it like a nut. I'm not joking ! By jove, Judy, you do look white ! Have some fizz or something? I say, won't the mater pitch into me for telling you ! They wanted to keep it dark for fear you might think it unlucky !" "Oh, never mind ! I am all right," said Lady Judith. ''But I wish it had not happened on my wedding day. And they took him home, you say ?" " Yes ; and the doctor says he's in for brain fever, poor chap. He was off his head, you know." Tliu bride was silent for a few minutes, and busy with the buttons of her glove. " Do you know who the girl was ?" she said at last. "No ; not I. Fever thought of asking She is a plucky one, and no mistake !" No more was said, and when the happy pair had started, Lord and Lady Stilling fort congratulated themselves that Judith knew nothing of the catastrophe that naaired the splendor of her wedding day. And during the weeks that she was en joying a luxurious honeymoon, with every wish, small or great, anticipated by her enamoured husband, and money at her command to gratify every whim, Rossitur was lying between life and death at Sbil lingfort. Those only who watched him night aud day, and heard his incessant ravings, aud his wild appeals for help to resist some unknown temptation, which was either a delusion of a fevered brain, or one to which he had at some time been exposed, knew a tithe of his Buffering. Many and many a time did Alice and Ellen, who shared the nursing between them, wish that death would put an end to his trial and theirs. It was so pitiful to gee the strong young fellow lying there day after day, eitter raving in wild delirium, or with hia mind wandering and his speech the babble of a child. He re cognistd no one, and the only thing that sometimes seemed to soothe him wa3 music. Ellen used to play a familiar air softly on the piano that stood at the far end of the large room in which he lay ; bub boo often he took no notice whatsoever, or tiied to drown the sound with his voice. The days were growing short, and the trees, those silent witnesses of secret meetings beiween the false woman and her tc-o crednlouB lover, were bare, and the late flowerB in the farm garden were black and sear with early frosts, when Rossitur was at last pronounced out of danger. The change for the better came, as it so often does, in a long sleep, and the two wcmen who» loved him watched eagerly for his awakening. A nd when it came he was once more in his right mind, the storm of passion aud despair that had beaten him down and all but taken his life was over, and he folc and spoke like a new man. As he grew stronger and better day by day he strove to recall his laBt hours of consciousness, but his memory was treacherous and failed him utterly when he tried to remembar what had happened before he awoke and found himself lying on hia bed in his own familiar room, and so weak in body that he coold scarcely raise hia hand to hia head. When they told him that it was sis weeks since he was taken ill he coald scarcely be made to believe it, and It was only by very alow degrees that he was able to piece together scenes and events that, when he first began to recall them, seemed more like vague dreams than actual oc currence. As soon as he was out of danger Ellen Balfour gave np her share of the watching and nursing, and went back to her work at the school. She could not bring herself to wait for his recognition, for it would indeed be hard to bear should she see him turn from her now; and she was, besides, honestly afraid lest the mere sight of her might recall the awful scene in the church too suddenly to his recollection, and cause a relapse ; so, aa soon as he began to address those about him by name, she never went Into his room, although she went to the farm every day to enquire for him. If he remembered anything of the struggle between himself and her for the knife, he never spoke of it; and not onoe did Ellen's name pass his lips, but his sister noticed that he used to watch the door incessantly, as if expecting someone to appear who never came. When he was able to be up and about again it was nearly Christmas, and the very first day he was able to walk so far he went straight to the schoolhouae and surprised Ellen by walking into her room aB she sat alone in the gloaming. " Do you take me for a very tall, thin ghost ?" he said, as he went forward into the circle of the bright firelight. "Iam afraid you do, you look so scared ! You would not come to see me, so I am obliged to come and see you ; but I think you are rather unkind to neglect your handiwork as soon as it is tolerably well patched up and on its legs again !" "My handiwork ! ' wa3 all Bhe could stammer in reply ; emotion was choking her, and to hide her confusion she got up and made him take her chair by the fire. She Btood on the hearth with her eyes fixed on the logs that were burning so brightly and cheerily with vivid blue and yellow flames ; his eyes were fixed on her pale pure face. (To be continued.) 