GENERAL NEWS. Oub New Loan.—The Acting Premier (the Hon. J. C. Bray) has not been able to make any satisfactory arrangement with the Asso ciated Banks for the latter to take the money of the proposed South Australian Loan when floated. It is therefore not likely that the loan will be placed upon the (London market at present. The Bookmark Irrigation Scheme.— The detailed survey of the natoral features' of the land at Bookmark which is to be occu pied by the Messrs. Chaffey Brothers is rapidly approaching completion. On the completion of the survey the limits of the block included in the agreement will be deter mined, and the actual positions of the roads and reserves properly defined. This work will in all probability be undertaken prior to. the meeting of Parliament. Mr. George Chaffey is expected ia Adelaide from Mel bourne in the coarse of a tew days. Death from Snake bite.—Our Mannum, correspondent writes on April 28 as fol lows : — "On Monday night last Mrs. Kent, wife of Joseph Kent, miller of this town, when entering one of the back rooms of: the house accidentally trod upon a snake, which immediately bit her upon the leg. Dr. Walls was sent for, and did all that he oonld for her. She lingered until Thursday morn ing, when she died from the effects of the bite." Royal Agricultural Society. — At a . meeting of the Committee of Management on Friday Mr. C. J. Coates was reappointed Secretary at the same salary as heretofore; the question of a bonus ia to be considered at the end of the year. The committee decided to have a three-days' Show in September. The Proposes Fish Preserving In dustry.—On Friday morning a number of gentlemen met at the Napoleon Bonaparte Hotel, some by invitation and others pro miscuously, but who were equally welcomed,, to sample varieties of fish preserved by the Messrs, Shand (father and son). The atten dance included members of both Houses of the Legislature, of the learned professions,, and many well • known commercial men,. Every one who sampled enjoyed his early luDcb, and many practical testimonies were - given of the exoellence of the preserves and of support to the enterprise. The Kingston Drainage Works.—The drainBge works at Kingston will be com pleted by Friday, May 6, when the Surveyor General (Mr. G. W. Goyder) will make a personal inspection of them. The survey of the lands in the adjoining hundreds is finished, and they will be gazetted for leasing, forthwith. They have been surveyed in blocks ranging from 50 to 20,000 acres accord ing to the quality of the land and its proxi mity to a port. We understand that about 150 hands have been discharged from the works. School for Mundoora. — Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P., member for Stanley, waited on the Minister of Education on Friday and presented a request from the residents in and around Mundoora for a school. The Minister replied that a number of the children whose names are given in the application resided at too great a distance from the proposed site for their attendance to be relied on. The Minister therefore regretted he did not feel justified in building a school in the locality at. present, but said that if the residents would provide accommodation he would establish a provisional school. Agricultural Cultivation Blocks.— ■ The Commissioner oi Crown Lands (Hon. J.. H, Howe) informs us that the time for re ceiving applications for grazing andagricul tnr&l; cultivation blocks has been extended until June 21. ThiB extension will afford the farmers more time to inspeot the blocks if, they desire to do so, as they have generally, finished seeding by the end of May, River Levels. — The following figures show the state of the rivers at the under mentioned plaoes at 9 a.m. on Friday, April 29: — Murray—Albury, 2 ft.; Wan gunyab, 2 ft. 9 in.; Echuca. 8ft. 3 in.; Swan hill, 8 ft,; Euston, 8 ft. 11 in.; Overland Corner, 9 ft. 3 in. Murrumbidgee—Gun dag&i;, 3 ft. 6 in.; Wagga Wagga, 3 ft. 7 in,; Hay, 9 ft. 5 in,, rising; Balranald, 12 ft. Darting—Bourke, 22 ft. 7 in., falling; Louth, 24 ft. 6 in., falling; Wileannia, 32 ft, 4 in., falling; Menindie, 26 ft. 6 in. ; Pooncarie. 23 ft. 4 in,; Wentworth. 13 ft. 3 in. Namol and Barwon—Namoi, 3 ft. 4 in.; Barwon ah Walgett, 8 ft; Brewarrina, 7 ft. 11 in., fall ing ; Mogil, 4 ft.; Mungundi, 3 ft. Culgoa— Goodoga, 3 ft. 10 in. Lectures.—"Edith O'Gortnan, the Es caped Nun," will deliver a course of lectures in the Town Hall next week, beginning on Monday night. "Rough on Itch."—"Rough on Itch" cores Bkin humours, eruptions, ringwonn, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch, 303v Burglary.—A young man named William Alfred Marjoram, aged 19 years, and foimerly in the Hinamarsh Tram Company's w rvice, •has been arrested at Murray Bridge ou several chargrs of burglary and house-break ing, committed in Thebanon, Mount Barker, and other places. When arreBted he had a loaded revolver, mask, false moustache, and a quantity of stolen property. In con nection with the case at Mount Barker our local correspondent writes on April 26:— " Quite a series of depredations were com mitted here last evening or early this morn ing, The burglar appears to have effected an entrance to the Mount Barker Hotelby means of the dining-room window, which faces Gawler- street, as first thing this morning the flower-pots, which usually stand inside the window, were found on the foot path. Host Wiedemann subsequently dis covered several articles missing, including a lady's gold watch. At Gray's Inn the thief possessed himself of a new overcoat, leaving an old one in its stead, and, evidently elated by BUcceBs, amused himself by distributing the contents of an Adelaide firm's sample bag, containing various kinds of pills, along the adjoining footpaths. The supposed thief has j been arrested at Mnrray Bridge by Monnted constable Phillips, and several of the stolen | goods were found upon him." William Alfred Marjoram, a youth 19 years of age, Wsb brought before Mr. Beddome on Wed nesday morning and charged with stealing various articles from a fellow-lodger at Brooklyn Park in March last. Very con clusive evidence was called and the prisoner wsb committed for trial. Marjoram had evi dently thoroughly made up his mind for a career of depredation, for he asked a companion to ohum with him. He carried a loaded sis-chamber revolver, which he could nse dexterously, and it is said had made the boast that he would never be taken alive. He was unable to oarry bis threat into execution, for he was caught unawares in a bedroom at the Bridgeport Hotel, Murray Bridge. The 'revolver was then loaded and handy for use. There are other charges against the prisoner, who, when arrested, had a couple of watches, a large number of halfpence, some spoons, &c;,, in bis possession. Burglary and Counterfeiting. — The man James Jensen, who came from Sydney, and was on April 13 committed for trial on a charge of breaking into the sbop of Mr. Allred Carbis, a hairdresser in the Arcade, on March 23, and stealing goods to the value of £16, b&B; been required to answer two other serious charges. On Tuesday he was brought up before Mr. Beddome, P.M., on a charge of breaking into the shop of Mr. John Steele, watchmaker and jeweller, late of .Palteney-street, and now of King Wil liam-street, and stealing therefrom 6 ladies' nickel albers valued at £1 Is., 1 lady's silver albert at 14s., 5 gents'do. £3 10s., 3 ladies' silver necklets £1 16s., 5 gold brooches £510a., 12 pairs of gold earrings £16, 18 silver brooches £5 8s., 11 silver lockets £3 17s., 3 pairs Bilver earrings Gs„ 6 pair soli taires £1 Be., 10 sets of studs £210s., 3 silver bracelets £1 15s., 2 gold lockets £1 10a,, 2 seals 5s., 40 silver rings £2 10s , 2 silver himbles £2, gold pencil-case £1 5s., 5 hooks. 5d., 6 dress hooks 6d., 8 ladies' dress rings £6, j 14 gold keepers £512s., 14 wedding rings £8 8s,, and 4 pair silver earrings £1. The shop in Pulteney- street was broken into between 1 the night of April 2 and the morning of April | 4, and the articles mentioned were taken. Most of the jewellery was found under neath the ELindmarsn Bridge on April 13, tied up in a small bundle, by some boys. The boyB had a dispute about the jewellery, and the matter was reported to the police, who obtained it. One of the hooks mentioned above, however, was found on the prisoner when Detective Hampton arrested him on the charge of breaking into Carbis's place. Since his committal on April 13 the prisoner's box has been searched, and in it was found coining-moulds for makiDg two-shilling and half-a-crown pieces, a ladle containing Bilver, three cakes of melted silver, crucible, copper, and copper wire, and other tools for spurious coin making, also a gas heating ap paratus. Jensen was also charged with unlawfully having in his custody certain patterns and moulds to the number of eight, in and upon which there was impressed a figure stamp of apparent resemblance to both sides of the Queen's current coins, called respectively a florin and half a crown. Under cross-examination to Inspector Sulli van, the prisoner admitted making the tools himself, but said he did it for pastime. He was committed for trial on both charges. Chinese Commissioners for South Australia.—His Excellency the Governor has received the following telegram from the Chinese Commissioner, who arrived at Fort Darwin on the 25th inst.'" We have arrived here to-day on our missions to Australia as Im perial Commissioners of the Chinese Govern ment. We present our compliments to your Excellency, and hope to be present at the opening of the Jubilee Exhibition. We leave by s.s. Catterthun to-morrow for Sydney direct. Wong Yung Ho, General and Chief Commissioner'; U. Ting, Consul and Chief Commissioner." Death of Mr. A. Watherston, sen.— News was received in Adelaide on Tuesday morning that Mr. Alexander Watherston, sen., died suddenly at Fort Lincoln on the previous night at the ripe age of 78. The deceased arrived by the ship Hooghiy in 1839 in charge of the first imported bull sent out for the South Australian Company. Mr. Watherston was one of the first to cross the Murray. He was the Manager of the Point Macleayand Albert BunBfor the Company for four years. From 1852 to 1858 he was in charge of the Poonindie Mission Station, and was afterwards overseer of the Port Lincoln Road Board. The deceased gentleman, whose death was not unexpected, was greatly re spected. He leaves a numerous family. Supreme Court,—Saturday being the last day of term, their Honors the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Bundey admitted the fol lowing gentlemen as practitioners of the Supreme Court of South Australia, viz.:— Noel Augustin Webb, LL.B., Frederick Pelham Rowley, jun., LL.B., James Taylor Mellor, Robert Cruickshank, and Henry William Hunt. The Hon. J. C. Bray pre sented the certificates of the Board of Exa miners, whioh intimated that the necessary conditions had been fulfilled by the candi dates. The Hon. J. L. Parsons.—The Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) has re ceived a telegram from Port Darwin in timating that the Government Resident (Hon. J, L. Parsons) had arrived there from Hong kong. He Ib expected to be in Sydney on May 6. Social to the Minister of Education. —Dr. Cockburn (the Minister of Education, will he entertained by his late constituents .at a complimentary sooial at Jamestown on May 5. "Rough on Piles."—Why suffer Files! Immediate relief and complete cure guaran teed. Ask for " Rough on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. 303v Home foe Incurables.—The Secretary b&B; received £25 from Mr. C. H. HuBSey, of Fort Elliot, being proceeds of an Easter bazaar held there, in which Mrs. Hussey, Mrs. B. F. Lawrie, Mr. and Mrs. Lyons, Mibs Hubble, and many other friends interested themselves for the bentfitof the Home. Toe Secretary has also received £6 3s. from friends at Farkside through Mr. G. D. Short. SlXVEB-SMELTING WORKS AT DRY CREEK. —The Australian Smelting and Refining Com pany have pnrcbased 7 acres of land adjoin ing Dry Creek Station for the erection of silver smelting and refining works. Posses sion of the ground was taken on Wednesday, and the erection of the necessary buildingB will begin at once, The Company expect to " blow in" within three months. The Company is a strong one, having a capital of £60,000, subscribed by capitalists in Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide. The Hon. J. Martin, M.L.C., and Mr. W. A. Horn are the local Directors, and Mr. John Provis will act as general Manager. The site at Dry Creek was selected in a manufacturing district to avoid any possi bility of objections to the fnmes from the works. The machinery for the ore- crushing and smelting departments is already being constructed by Messrs. James Martin & Co., of Gawler, and a part of it is expected to he ready for delivery in abont a month. Two water-jacket furnaces, each of a capacity of 50 tons per day, will be erected as soon as possible, so that the works will have a smelting capacity of 600 tons per week. The furnaces are of the moBt modem type, and of larger capacity than any at present in use in Australia. The necessary reveiberatory furnaoeB will also be provided for the calcination of rebellious gold and silver ores previous to smelting. The fumes from all the fnrnaces will be led into one main condensing flue, 250 feet in length, 10 feet high by 76 teet wide, or large enough to admit of a boggy and pair of horseB being driven through it. The best-known appliances in nse in Eng land, America, and Germany for the collection of flue-dust and condensation of fumes will be adopted. The main chim ney will be 150 feet in height from the base and 8 feet in diameter. Several of the Com panies in the Silverton district have already signified their intention of sending their ores to the Company's works, and if freights can be arranged the Company anticipate regular shipments of ore from Northern Queens land. Representations will be dnly made to the Government to facilitate the tranship ment of the low-grade ores in bulk, so as to do away with the expense of bagging, as with low freights and ready market a large number of silver-lead mines in South Aus tralia could be worked to advantage. Since the Company's offices have been opened the Manager (Mr. Provis) has received samples of ores from many parts of the colony hitherto un worked which could be worked to advantage if they exist in quantities, and could be brought cheaply to the works. It is grati fying to know that the Government is very favourably disposed to facilitate as much as possible the transit of ores to the Fort. The establishment of such important works will doubtless lead to the revival of the silver and lead mining industry in the colony, and pro bably to the development of new fields. The Company's tariff for the purchase of ores will be published next month, when they will be ready to receive consignments of ore. The Break of Gauge. — Mr. W. A. Horn has devised a scheme for over coming the difficulty in connection with the break of gauge at Terowie, having especial reference to the ore and coke traffic from the Barrier mines. The plan is the essence of simplicity, and the Engineer-in Chief professes to see not the sligbteet diffi culty in working it. The idea is that hopper wagons should be employed on the first gauge in use, if coke is beiog taken to silverton the broad gauge, and if ore is being carried down the line from Silverton the narrow gauge, and that these wagons Bhould be run up on au inclined plane of say 45' or 50° directly over the trucks to which the ore or coke is to be transferred. The bottom of the hopper wagon would then be dropped down and the whole contents would be shot into the wagon below. In this way, it iB urged, not only ore and coke but wheat could bo speedily and cheaply transferred The advantages pleaded are—first, the saving of manual labour; and, secondly, the expense of bagging, which amounts to about 12s. a ton. By this system of carriage ore could be brought unbagged direct from the pit's mouth to the smelting works at Dry Creek, The Silverton Tramway.—Mr. W. J. M, Woolley has returned to Adelaide, having completed the survey of the Silverton Tram way. The line, which is 36 miles long, ex tends from Cockburn, on the South Aus tralian Border, via Silverton to Broken Hilt. From the Border to Silverton the distance is just 20 miles. The Salvation Army in Pulteney street.—For sometime many complaints have been made as to the annoyance caused by the meetings of the Salvation Army in Pulteney street, near Hindmarsh-square, Their meet ings were first held at the corner of Bundle and Pulteney streets, but several complaints were made to the City Council, and an agreement was come to between the Mayor of Adelaide and Major Lindsay whereby the Army moved to the corner of Pulteney - street and Hindmarsh - square. The inmates of the York Hotel, however, alleged that they suffered considerable annoyance through the meetings being held there, and Mr. Ford, landlord of tbehotel, took aotion inthematter. The City Council was appealed to, and it decided to request the Army to refrain from assembling near the hotel, Major Lindsay, who is at the head of the "Army," in reply to a communication from the Council, declined to discontinue _ the meetings on the ground that no nuisauce was caused to the general publio. The meetings were persisted in, no formal notice being taken of them by the authorities until Monday night, April 25. Mr. Ford then asked a policeman to request the drummer to stop beating his instrument. The youth, whose name was Edward Summers, re ferred the constable to " Captain" Georeina Webber, who treated the de mand of the constable with silent con tempt. Mr. Ford then decided to prooeed against Summers for causing an annoyance. Messrs. Beddome and Williams heard the charge at the Police Court on Tuesday, and fined the defendant 10s. and coats,1 in default one month's imprisonment. Sum mers elected to go to gaol. Mr. Beddome threatened that he would impose a heavier penalty in the future. Staff officer Peart, who gave evidence for the de fence, stated that the Army would not leave the spot nntil it was proved that they were a nuisance. He did not think any annoyance was caused to the general public. " Bough on Catarrh" corrects offensive odonrs at once. Complete cure of worst chronio cases; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath, 303v Death of Mb. E. J. Hodgkinson,—Very ] general surprise and regret will be caiued by the announcement which we publish this week of the death of Mr. E. J. Hodgkinson, the assistant accountant of the Savings Bank, at j the age of 51. Probably there wab no one in the city unconnected with political life who was better known than was Mr. Hodgkinson. He entered the service of the Savings Bank in 1861, and ever since has been actively connected with it, having risen to the second position on the per- { manent staff], to which he was appointed when Mr. H. H. Turton resigned ana Mr. E. B. Pearce was promoted to the post of Account ant. His unfailing courtesy and kindness to the 1 members of the pnblic with whom he eame into contact in performing his official duties will long he remembered. Mr. Hodgkinson was also exceedingly popular with those whom he met outside the Bank. He was a good elocutionist and lecturer, and years ago he played several times in theatrical entertainments in aid of charitable objects at the old theatre. Among his fellow-actors on those occasions were the present Acting Premier (the Hon. J. C. Bray) and other gentlemen who have risen into prominence in public life. He was also the Speaker of an amateur Parliament which existed years ago, and numbered among its members many gentlemen who have since distinguished themselves in more serious political conflicts than those over which he presided. Mr. Hodgkinson always took a deep interest in the South Austra- , lian Institute, and was at the time of his death one of the managing body of | the Adelaide Circulating Library. He 1 also held the Commission of the Peace. He was born in London, and a few years ago he obtained leave of absence in order to visit | his native country. Hie health has been j indifferent of late, but it appeared to have improved during the past few days, ana his death, which was the result of heart j disease, was not expected by hiB friends. Mr. Hodgkinson leaves a widow, four sons, audadaughter. His eldest son is in Melbourne. Thelfuneral of the late Mr. Hodgkinson took I place on Wednesday afternoon at West terrace Cemetery. The Rev. J. W. Owen, I B.A., officiated at the grave. There were § resent the Acting Premier, the Ven. Arch cacon Parr, LL.D., Canon Poolo, M.A., Messrs. H. Stodart and A. Y. Harvey (Auditors of the Savings Bank), F. A. Ebs worth, W. B. Poole, and the other officers of the Bank, as well as a large number of friends and acquaintances of the deceased gentle man. Death of Me. C. E. Horton.—We re- i gret to announce the death, at a compara tively early age, of Mr. 0. H. Horton, well I known for many years aB a chemist at hloonta, and afterwards as a bookseller at I Port Adelaide, and for a short time recently in the city, where he opened a large shop in Gawler-place. He subsequently centred his whole interest again in the Port. The de- I ceased was one of a party of four who tried the Teetulpa diggings three or four mouthB ago. The party returned a few weeks Binoe. and unfortunately all had contracted typhoid fever upon the diggings, Mr. Horton's illness terminating fatally st an early hour on Tues day. He leaveB a widow and young family. Whilst at Moonta Mr. Horton was an excel lent oarsman, and he took great interest in aquatic sports. He was also somewhat of an authority upon botany, and altogether he was a useful colonist, who, although having a retiring disposition, which kept him from associating himself much with public discus sions, had made many friends. The Late Mother Mart Ligtjori.—The Catholics of South Australia have lost a devoted worker through the death on Mon day, April 25, of the Rev. Mother Mary Lignori, Superioress of the "Convent of Our Lady of Mercy," Angas-street. Deceased was a native of Dublin, her father being the late Dr. Griffin, and a brother being still well known in connection with the Jervis street Hospital, Dublin. She was educated under the celebrated Mrs, Fanny Ball, and entered the Order of Mercy in 1851 at the Mother House, Dublin, making her solemn profession on September 25, 1851. For five years she was engaged at Dublin in hospital work, after which she volunteered along with otherB to go to Buenos Ayres, When the community landed yellow fever was raging, and she laboured in the lazaretto for three months until the epidemic was over. Shortly after wards the Order founded an hospital in one of the high quarters of the city, and Mother Lignori was appointed its first Superioress, which office she held until ber departure for Adelaide in 1880. On the death of Mother Evangelisto she was elected Superioress of the Convent here. During the last eleven months her health gradually failed, and for three montbB previous to death she suffered greatly from heart disease and dropsy. Up till the laBt she preserved her faculties, and zealously prosecuted her duties as far as she could. The requiem will be chanted to-day at 10 o'clock by the Bishop and clergy, after which the remains will be removed to the Cemetery, and interred in the plot belonging to the Sisters of Mercy, Death of Mb. C. M. Jervis.—On Sunday Mr. Challis M. Jervis, a well-known athlete, died of tjphoid fever at the Adelaide Hospital at the early age of 2G. The deceased was a good cricketer and footballer. At one time he played on the Adelaide Oval with the Kensington Crickety Club, and gave in his first season considerable promise as a batsman. For the past two seasons, however, he has played with the Tritons, who now occupy a leading position in the contest for the Goodfellow Challenge Cup. As a footballer Jervis was more successful than at cricket. He played with the Norwoods two seasons ago, but last year be was one of the best players in the Hothams. He was very popular both on and off the field. About 400 persons wit nessed the interment of the remains of the late Mr. C. M, Jervis. Amongst those present were Mr. E. P. Clarke (In spector of Distilleries), Messrs. Conlon, Searcy, and Stephens, of the Customs De- I partment, Messrs. Cohen, M.P., and Thomas | Hardy, and employes of the Bankside Vine yards, besides a large attendance of Foresters, cricketers and footballers, and others. The deceased bad been employed for ten years at the Bankside Vineyards. During the last six years he had been engaged as foreman. His death is a loss not only to that establish ment, but to the whole winemaking in dustry, as he waB one of the most enthusiastic workers in the trade. j Rates for London Exchange.—A meet ing of the Associated Banks was held in Adelaide on April 21, when the following rates for London exchange were agreed to Buying—60 days, 7s. 6d. per cent, discount;! 30 days, 2s. 6d.; sight, par. Selling—60 days, 10s. per cent, premium ; 30 days, 20s.; sight, { 30r. I Wells' Hair Balsam.—If grey, restores to original colonr. An elegant dressing, ! softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A , tonic restorative. Stops hair coming out]; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp, 303v . The 1888 Leases.—The Conservator of j Water (Mr. J. W. Jones), on behalf of the Government, will shortly begin the work of valuing the improvements upon the pastoral | leases expiring in 1888. The Conservator is conBid ered by the Government to be especially qualified to undertake the duty which has been entrusted to him, as the principal im- : movements will be water improvements, and i Mr. Jones has a most intimate knowledge of the dams, wells, &c;,, in the colony, and the ; value of the appliances worked in connection with them, lii addition, as Conservator of Water, he will have an opportunity afforded him of inspecting the operations being con- I dncted under hie department throughout the colony, and will be enabled to form an opinion as to where it is essential farther operations should be carried on. Under the 1 Act any pastoral lessee^ if he chooses, is allowed to nominate a valuator to act with the Conservator, and in case of a dispute the matter is referred to an umpire. Agricultural Grazing Blocks.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. H. Howe) informs us that numerous applica tions are being received for the agricultural grazing blocks which have been gazetted under the Act of 1886, and he has every reason to believe that the system will prove a success. The blocks now being submitted are situated in various outlying hundreds in the colony, and range in size from 4,000 to 20,000 acres, the rent being from id. to 2d. per acre. They are not submitted to auction, but the applications are dealt with by a Board. Personal residenoe is enforced, the lessee having to reside upon the land six months out of every twelve. After the land in the outlying hundreds has been disposed of the Commissioner proposes to deal with the land in the schedule of the Aot, which . embraces about 7,000,000 acres. .Roman Catholic Bishoprics.—Our Wed nesday's cablegrams stated that His Holiness the Pope had created six new Sees and four < Vicariates in Australia and Oceania. Bishop Beynolds has not yet received any official < particulars from Rome respecting the new decrees. We understand, however, that Port Augusta is one of the places at which Bishoprics have been established, and that i Adelaide has been constituted a province, one effect of which is to raise Or. | Reynolds to the dignity of Archbishop. At present there are only two provinces in Australia, thoBe of Melbourne and Sydney. Adelaide was formerly a diocese in the Provinoe of Melbonrne. The edict is believed to be the outcome of suggestions made at the j first Plenary Council held in Sydney in 1885, and we understand that the newly appointed Archbishop of Melbonrne (the Rev. Dr. Carr) will bring with him from Rome the confir mation of the decrees and of the other business transacted by the Council. The Marine Board.—The ubuuI meeting of the Marine Board was held on Thursday. There is a project on foot for making uniform regulations for saving life at sea, and the Board recommended the Government to join in this, They also decided to forward a copy of their rnleB to the Victorian Commissioner of Trade and Customs, in compliance with a request made by him. It was agreed to supply the Victorian Steam Navigation Board with information as to the mode of getting passenger certificates recognised by the Board of Trade. _ At present it appears that South Australia is the only colony that enjoys this privilege. Some recommendations from the Kngineer respecting deepening operations at Port Pirie were adopted. The Underwriters' Association replied to the complaint respect ing officers being allowed to act as surveyors at the outports. The reply will be forwarded to the Mercantile Marine Service Association, with the intimation that if a surveyor settles at any outport the permission to the Board's officer will be withdrawn. The master of the Caitloch reported that the second mate (James Crawford) had acknowledged joining the crew in broaching cargo. He had also deserted, and the master returned his certificate to the Board, who decided to forward it to the Board of Trade to be dealt with by them. It was decided to issue a notice stating that in future cases of neglect to carry sidelights the Board would seek for the highest penalty. A Peculiar Knocking.—Our Cradock cor respondent writes on April 26 " A mys terious ghost etory comes from near Yan yarrie, about 17 miles from Cradock, and is creating a sensation here. It appears that at the house of a farmer named Hamdorff during the past several weekB an unaccount able knocking has been heard at various parts of the buildiug. On Monday night Mounted-constable Mitchell, accompanied by Messrs. H. Hayward and A. J. Graham, proceeded to the place determined to tho roughly investigate (.the matter. It was a dark and lonely drive, and the party arrived at the house about half-past 8, and found the place a pine-and-pug tenement on the banks of the Boolcunda Creek, about SO yards from a waterhole. The proprietor had left for Quoin, taking with him his wife aad a little giri about 7 years old, who, they thought, had seemed to attract the knocks, as they btated the noises had almost invariably pro ceeded from that part of the house in which the child was at the moment. Two boys, aged about 14 and 9 respectively, were keep ing house, and the party, in merry incredu lity, ate their provisions, let the fire go down, and about 9 p.m. blew out the light, the boys j having told them that the " ghost" appeared soon after the light was extinguished. Within two or three minutes two of the party heard a low distant eound as of a splash from a heavy stone dropped into a pool of water, followed by footsteps, immediately suc ceeded by a distinct knocking at the oat side of the chimney. Two at once went outside, but could see nothing (it was a very dark nij^ht), but beard the knocking on the j inside. The knocking was as loud and dis tinct as an ordinary knock at the door. After a few minntes Mr. Mitohell went ontside, and MessrB. Hayward and Graham took his place inside, bnt to eaoh the knocking ap peared to proceed from the other side of the walk They asked various questions, which were replied to by knocks, and on one of the party asking the knocker to'knock loader' the next shook the building. After nearly an hour's duration the noise ceased about 10 p.m., and the party soon after proceeded to ' camp' but not to sleep. About 2 a.m., their nerves having become somewhat calmed, they would soon have been asleep, bat the same sounds recommenced, and continued till nearly S a.m., when the 'supernatural visitant' decamped, leaving no trace behind. Daring the second visit they each went round and round the house in tarns, bat to no pur pose, though the knooking was heard at almost every part, and several times so sharp I as to make the building tremble. Many of the neighbours and residents of Carrieton atteBt the reality of the sounds. Of coarse there are incidental rumours afloat of a shepherd drowned near the Bpot many years ago and of a flitting form having been observed by people out at night horse-hnnt ing, but, whatever may be the cause, I have it on the authority of Trooper Mitchell that the noises as narrated do occur, and that the performance is weird and eerie in the ex treme," Pbobates and Letters of Administra tion.—Probate" and letters of administration were granted as follows for the week enied April 28Probates—Edith K. Newland, of Encounter Bay, £270 ; W. R. Smily, of Ade laide, £20; Grace Sloggett, of near Campbell town, £1,970; John Goodger, of near Gawler, £290; Maty Ann Sowtcr, of Adelaide, £300; J. T. Oaborn, of Port Augusta, £1,200; J. E. Hebditcb, of North Adelaide, £700; E. R. A. Jacobi, of Fullerville. £1,316; Fred riob Kook rick, of Bethany, £G0: Sir W. W. Hughes, of Surrey. England. £31.6.200; William Baker, of Undalya, £375; M. Kennedy, of Willaston, £250; W. J. Botten, of Meningie, £900; Robert McDonald, of Teetulpa, £200; Richard Rowe, of Moonta. £500; J. F. MacBride, of Adelaide, £2,900. Letters of Administration—Harriet Stanley, of Border Town, £50; W. Hardacre, of Bendleby, £150; F. J. Baumann, of Springton, £400; R J. Oswald, of North Adelaide, £500; Sarah Arthur, of Mount Gambier, £135; Sophia A, C. Vick, of near Woodside, £300. Visit of Lord and Lady Brasses;— We understand that Lord and Lady Brassey will shortly arrive in Adelaide on a visit to His Excellency the Governor. The Sunbeam left Burmah about March 22 for Singapore and the north coast of Borneo, whence she would proceed to Fremantle, Adelaide, and Melbourne. March Land Sales,—The Treasury re ceipts on account of land sold during March last amounted to £6,589 12b. Id. For cash 2 acres 3 roods realized £45 10s., while on credit 3,543 acres brought £3,89310s. 6d. In addition the following amounts hare been received;—Deposits and balances from pre vious sales, £243 Is. 6d.; completion of pur chase of 1,488 asreB under Act 14 of 1868-9, &c.; £1,815 4s, fjd.; payment of portion of pur chase-money, £3,053 lis.; payment of deposit (10 percent.) on account of purchase-money. Act 393 of 1886, £389 8s.; second instalment of ntereBt, £2417s.; extension of credit for pur chase- money, £57G Is. 7d.; interest on overdue amounts, £487 8s. 7d.; amount received for improvements, £46 l?.e. Rain in Western Qceensland.—A tele gram has been received by E. Laughton and Co. from Mr. G. L. Debney advising a fall of 10 incheB of rain on the 7tn and 8th March at Monkira Station, and that the Diamentina River was in high flood. The Totalizator Atpeal Case. — Mr. Louis von Doussa, acting for Mr. A. von Doussa, the Secretary o_t the Onkapa ringa Club, has served the police with notice of appeal against the decision of Mr. S. Bedaome, P.M., in the recent totalizator prosecution. The appeal will be heard before the Local Court. Import and Export of Live Stock.— This week's Government Gazette contains the following quarterly return of live stock im ported into and exported from South Aus tralia overland during the quarter ended March 31Imported from : New South Wales—Sheep 10,047, cattle 2; Queensland —Cattle 1,634, horses 38 ; Victoria—Sheep 4,806, cattle 1G8, horses 32. Exported to New South Wales—Sheep 1,720, cattle 720, horses 18; Queensland—Cattle 9, horses 311 Victoria—Sheep 25,249, cattle 838, horses 432, Excess of imports—Cattle, 237; excess of exports—sheep, 12,122 ; horses, 41L The Review.—It is notified that the rehearsal for the review on May 24 will take place on Saturday, May 14, at 4 p.m., on Montefiore Parade-ground. Blank ammuni tion will be issued at the rate of ten rounds per man at Staff Office. Dress will be as follows .-—For May 14, undress and caps, with one pouch to be worn on the right side ; for May 24, full dreBB, with helmets, if iu possession, if not, in undress with helmets, one pouch on right side. Parade- states of the number of men likely to attend, both on the 14th and 24th, to be sent in by officers com manding not later than May 9. A Women's Jubilee Fund and Address, —Wo understand that His Excellency the Governor has oonvened a meeting of repre sentative ladieB, to be held at Government House at an early date, for the purpose of inaugurating a Women's Jubilee Fund, and of arranging for the presentation of a Women's Address to the Queen, Immiqbation and Emigration. — The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday, April 23, was 246. Of these 199 came from Melbourne, 46 from Albany, and 1 from Sydney. During the same time 351 persons left Port Adelaide by eea. Of these 278 went to Melbourne. 40 to Sydney, 22 to London, 7 to Marseilles, and 4 to Queens land. The excess of emigration over immi gration was 105. Complimentary to Dr. Morison. — A complimentary dinner was tendered on Thursday evening at the Jetty Hotel, Glenelg, to Dr. ii. P. Morison, who is leaving the district to settle at Mallala. A large number of Dr. Morison's friends assembled, Mr. W. F. Stock, M.P., occupying the chair, and Mr. W. R. Wigley, S.M., the vice-chair. The usual toasts were duly honoured, aud Mr. W. R. Wigley, S.M., in proposing the toast of the evening, said Dr. Morison had gained the respect of his neighbours, and had shown how popular he was by his victories at the Corporation elections. (Hear, hear.) No man had paid more attention to his duties as Councillor, and he had used hie profes sional Knowledge with advantage in connec tion with Board of Health matters. The various lodges had shown their appreciation of the doctor by appointing him their medioal officer. Dr. Morison, who was received with enthusiasm, suitably responded. He was sorry to leave Glenelg, but would look for ward to visiting it in the future. Musical selections were given, and a pleasant social evening was spent by the company. The S.S. Palmerston, — The steamer Palmerston left Port Adelaide on Thursday on her first voyage since ber recent accident. Captain Richardson is-in command, and she is bound for Launceston via Ports Victoria and Minlacowie. Roman Catholic Priests for South Australia.—Four youngjpriests—the Revs, J. Byrne, T. Doheny, P. Hurley, and W. J. McEvoy—arrived from Europe by the Orient steamer Lusitania on Wednesday, and were presented to Archbishop Reynolds on the following morning. Definite arrangements have not yet been made aB to the employ ment of the new clergymen. The Bank of Adelaide.—The report of the Directors of the Bank of Ade laide states that the Board propose to appropriate the balance of profit, £25,528, in the following manner:—To Reserve Fund, £3,000; to dividend at the rate of 6 per cent., £12,000. An interim dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, was paid in .November last. VolunteebFobce,—'The Brigadier-General Commandant has approved of the following promotions (on probation) in the Moonta Mounted Infantry Corps :—Private A, G. Marshall to be Company Sergeant-Major; Privates E. A. Beare ana W. Harris to be 