:BAIRNSDALE CATHOLIC CHURCH. : VISIT OF THE 3BISOP OF SALE. On Saturday last His Lordship Dr.. Corbett, the recently consecrated Catholic Bishop of Sale, paid his first ofeiial.visit to iairnsdalo, arriving in tho evening by theo Dargo, .and bein, met by the Revs. P. O'Donohoe and(' 0\. B. Verlin nnd soveral of the mem bers of the 'Roman Catholic. Church, ad' officors of to e ibornidn Society; 'Pho,following Sunday moruing, after Mass, ,"o preached at,, the Catholic Church to a crowded congregation, and delivered a most able and eloquent discoirse,;. at the tdruiination of wliilh'i tho Roy. P. O'Donohoo, who had con ducted mass, in a very appropriate addiress, formally welcomed, on' behalf Iof the Catholics of the 'district,, the Bisliop.to' Bairnsdalo. The following address, was then presented by Messri. Goold and Slattery to His Lordship:- - " To 1lis Lordship, " TrE R IIHT BIar. J. F. ConnEcT, liD., . "DishFop of Sale. " Yousn LonDssllP,-We, the Catholics of Balfrnsdalo and d'strict.'eordnliaUy embract this opportunity of tendering our sincere cogtulfon ns on ayour welil dcserol oeloVo. tion to the hlgh ansd. uafll ted" isitios you now occoeu s0 a ,'ro!atet.of the Iofy Catholio. fiurclh iad first, lishop of Snle, nod ofoer you t warnm nnd henity welcome en your lirst visit to this pordion of your Diocese. The.noblo reputation achioved in your long oulli arluous career as a.iissionarvt ;Prkst in th!s colouv is favorabiy knowr 'among us, thus enhluncing, if posible, our confidence that the choico of so umany eminent 'Prelates.. solemnly ratified by the Sainitly'Veait of Christ'i indcd mbsnut haispy ,rnd appropriate. ,, .i.., -" ., ' "We fullo understand that in lonring the Miusion; w?ero for ouch a Icagehuned period, you successfutfyl abored inthe seorvice 'of your Divine Mtaster. and where you becamoe 'ondlesrcio 'sour ,flock by: many good and piao 'worms, anothur'aignl proof. hast bhen glen o"yoirel intans no .duvoions to the Inierests of Cathioutci n and unsli desire Misio . Ofeixoe ito coselns n..... to propageto:fthsoltron fiti throofgh nll thst no+w and 'nst Dioceeo;.. ;in this most gloriaso ork wwe are astessred yourLordoestp sisl hni' tise, corditl, earnest and vluntblc ssistoance of the gooi anut fearless Prrvcss,' wmo for years 'hsae toicl aumi, freat Isardshaips nnd silfieiscties, ahlvas seeing', alwaysotsiring, to carry the ooslalios. 'of our Hom y ie. Ilgilos ao.in twidhl y.scattcrd but.. aitle ith adherenta in thss etensive a id nmuntntinous iosloio. Oftn t nxposedt6 o "coir And tis. eemesst wecthcr, on ilsih "1 ''autf dsosate wosuntain: 'astes;, 'sdrntitfes lsrestsili·n?nt (cluil.y r!sk, thsU'-mOot Tiolcnt asnsd fmpetIosis Lorreats. Iin tlse service of thseir alaster- dsingor hasd tno lrcr.ts f:ir them. Oss thise'hlsgh sns rusfgel ielaks of thes Asstraffleu Alls , iss hIse hsissefy Isssroh iss hut, in far offa mtnta ii gssiy, Ins thie Ihusmlsle clearing if tise Ihsrsr pioneer mid tits aflinof issfaelnhfsle fIrcsi. u'a tlih sltneasst peaceful hInnkasie i f uls ivc lsiss·s aoisi rivsle, aIt assss1s0 use tsi sparasl'-, sfilsississi sisstle sit siur rlostssf 5mo , t'"Hv tscsl eqstiu'yns~lisiuliiii r,)i' tie' Sliirii lit wel'. fire sf si.r fi' l, ' . is'."rh(,<(? ilsl,, '555 ' sit. lii) i,'ssi'ki, alssil f Isi, Is , clpipii si hie ' h in tiht ) 5rt,+ u l l, lie i f i |h I(' ,lit II r I ci 'i ?'is ilsilhe I'ri'ss ilie iiisiifatzeiI listool iliii fill fisI lTeollle. "lhisiil sly, slsiseri lr ,osstll r(,I'u is fIIlI y uIs'L ii 's'ti Ih'sr~ LI i l' llllh+ ll slhlu i I r s-lv !II ll'q{[)·( C1 Y(nll IIut .l c:,- otl..1( (II +|o I .II IfU it llf t" i'le yll Illf i-igu, fll -i fith iris 'ii' ,iii IIsl. if Catfsi ,tlls 5f essose whirl iit siilsey lifle nuif c\ime have nlwnys been the interests of ct:rnal truth and justice. •' n this colony it canocarctly be necessary to refer to tile lnrge measuro of success :vhich ha attended your ciorts in thc: Holy a:oust of Cihristian edocntion. Mduchl as you :'ave ochiorvd i the aot c'sphero'of your ::sIor, we nrclusotly bult nod bb!icre tbl~t (ld, in His power ond twldom, will tnablo von to to ar mrsll eor tl youh of both r::ons in Gippslnd tdoricg te icog term of yecrsit man plesse tt Aiighi.ly to spare you nas our §pfiritrl Father, Guide and S"In coneuseloo iwe humbly and sincorely ipray ilt ibte Holy Ghost, in Hs Divine W.edo, mao be yur cond.nr t gOndo and ,,cnr i,spire:g r.et tur tllhioghts, and dirteirgt nt l year B ci 0s to the successful Sro iotsoh of let bhst iperes:o-oo oor Holy (' MA • PES ".We rem Oin, IP- O. S"Your LorshoipS'o Devoted and Obedient S Servants in Chrot; , * - [Signed]. . GOO t ,,:.. Ba c "' .a 0ooDl, of h "D. f?aATTERY. : "On belnalf of thle Catholics of Blirndale Disorct.. After the Bishop'had acknowledged it in, suitable, temrn on ,behalf of the Fibernian Society MFr. T?. H. OBarieo, the president, nod irt: O'Connor, the secretary, presented the following ad din?stes thd Bishopdp:= .Wish:e , S"To ToE no teiT fEv. JAiErs F?ASO-is ." : ." .: :ConBETT, DD.., ; "' ", " Bishlop of Sale, Gippslnud, Victoria. to \- "IAY "T PL'.EAE VOUn LOonDSoIPos On the ocEcasion of your Lordslip's first Eplos; coupl Visit to this portion of your 'young a'nd ctnSoirve Diocese, we, thye Mcoliers of St. .Mnry'p Brmacnel:,.Bniresdale, of the. Hibcrmis Asrstrmensitn Catho!ic BenefL Societyu, m most respctoullyo npproch, ye?r Lordship:with. the Heartiest of ,elcomesi the Warioest of Coogcatula;ions,. :the Liveliest lripreossions of Gratitde,; nd the Sincer?stof Hdpcany ~noldsenfel, ..m . 'We are not tle first oliLeraiau? to Con gtanulatc your Lordstuhi on yor rloevation. to'tho Eplocopecy, eor ore we first to Acsord you a Cordlic l leceptio on your antrrie?l imong yasr n-e fidSek ; yet e- yield to none in t dept h r c of hatrestpes.ot tour Catho!ic and Irish Sentimlnts. ", , p"It n-old ncmors goer Lordship were we to recount the n'nthy substrntial motives n-e have for uiolercg that sorn but expresOcie salsateiou, iCogid'tofour oibt. .o :io. "Our Gratitu~de to God, wve troUt,.wihll he mare ositoisly disiproed by our felmrs coersa of conduct, tn by our preset, fiic o rin ohiu ar tot io to Denr Olell whnat e do one for the great eneit behstowmed upon .os. or to show how we alpprecino the. ov isdiom osiet ooduess of the Church, foth in creating a See in Gippslsnd, and in slspointiog. our. Lortsltip to ble its first Bishop. -As true Catholic oe rejoice, in ns muuh s the Holy Faith tos been spreading so extcns.vely in this Provisne, thait itn preseroatois acnd pro pagation neeessitaed a c!oseroaud,more im mediate oI'pcreioidn antd trreiotiou; andes: mscibhrs' U tis'lirsncch ore io haoppy and gratefl to e id ton t Jx's c -oliiiess thec Pope fisu bIen e-jud to place over us end o the wi-oest foteunts of our Society. your Lord2 sliu Ires aiways proved yonrseti most fath. foluo Boty: Csinrell and most pmtroairc in your dcvotioa to 'Deer Old Irc'end-;'.bht vovr faith and patriotism have been most conspicuous iu your zealous rf'orto on bebc5oa of Cnthoisq Educn t.non, eand yourunttr!.?a on-. dcavors to estallisb. protoe, and x.ocnd the Hibereiiirn Aoustralasinh Csehblio BareBt Socic;y. In tie mknoov'.edto of tbis tect aione wvd are e:cied 1 to eclaim' wclii "greater fer otir eLo,-efdifCe Olcltrahi :I -. " Your Lornship's long residrence in this Colony bra no: only nmde oyoiu homi:ar wish the customs and reeuorements of isr:iu habitanto, bun Ias moreovera?aonlee yjr physical co..oiiutlon ample time to be in.sred no Lhe peci.iaritiis of its olimate, heince out corfidence r.ond hooes that with the besr:ag of Gdd your Lodrshio will enjoy. perfcct Iheal;hin the saliobious v'cinity of toe Gin slatnd Ladc, noudin thesuscharge of the dulses of yor high and rnspo.sib!e ofsile lire in Spiritvual joy .ld lf~rtltof anns. e ?u :: "Signed onbchm!f of the members by "TZos. H. O'oItEN, President. "THou. FLAHERTY, V.P. "H. J. O'Ec:LL, P.P. .F"FLX t. ScHaRP, Treanurer . ': " 0. C O'CoN-oe. Seretart.. \- St. Mar"'s Church. Blan;rasdale, 23rd Oc tober, 887, .. . Dr. Cnrbett having acknowledged the same, Maisters Timothy Maidigan' and. T. Ralson, as representatives of the scholirs t9f the Catholic sachoiol, presented the following address of welcome on behalf of the scholars of that school: "TTO THIE IIGHT E1". J. F. CORBETT, , .. . D.D.," • . . ?: '"Bishop of Sale." S"?IAY IT PLEASE eYOUR' LORDSmtP, "' We tle CChildren' of St. Mary's Sehsol, most rcspcctfully napplroach?lyo withisentt me?nts of the wnasest love and affection, and greet your. Leordship's first Episcopal visit to this aortdon of your dioceseo. ,s:: •'\e thank Gawl for 'the great blessing bestoredt upons ts In harilg such ensrgetic und jealous Pasto wlho have labuore-d so hard to support our Catholic SchosLs. "We b!h$n hais Holy Nause that we are not left dessendint do the "Godless Schools" of tIh State for our Education, and'to those sho so generously contributes to suppert ocr Christiant Clhurches and Schools we owe a deep debt of gratitude, and thllnk thc' highity for Ihslng inspired thlem withls': trite love fo ilseir HlO ly Fatith. ' , "We trust ill God that so long as Hlis s:11l is cleased to spare Its thalt we will: n~wryus w-lk in thle pathl of Virtue, and g mw Dp tcal end faitlslul Citistia, astidbeccme tsossl MLembers of Society, whichl will refiet honour on those under whose charge God hns placcd us. "It conclusion, wre look to you .our Fr.tsr r fr future assistance-and hope that yor Episoenl Career amongat us ma" be of sIg tluroi, anrtd that y aou manv enoy the etiaS blcastlg tlat Hneaenc'aum bestaw itnao yeo ill yotr ner spsece and ·in the etd an Eternnl Cronof Glory. ' "Wc arc, MIy Ldrd, .... ":i': "'Your dHumble na~l Devoted Children ii S Christ, Maiiincr onl behal of the Children of St. Mary's Schoo', ioarnsdal. '•TIMOTHY 31ADIGAN, S " THOMAs RIALsTo., y W,.." ILLIAM 1'DONALD, "It1nRY PETERSOS." This was ackiowledged by the Bishop in most fcoling teormn, and during his reinal~ki he roforred to the schdoliis being the apple of the l. .urch, and admonished the scholar.t so be dutiful to their parents and obcdient to the doctrines of their faiith. The church .as again c oOwded inll the evening, when the Bishop delivered aunthor eloquent diecoursa. 