THE VALLEY OF SOULS. According to the Hindoo tradition there exists beneath the earth, in the second circle of inferior heavens, beyond the reach of the sunlight an immense valley, half shrouded in obscurity. The bluish foliage of its trees, glimmers beneath a phosphorescent light; its plants, rigid and angular in form, are but crystallizations of different colors, and bear blossoms of jewels, umbels of garnet, topaz, and amethyst, such as one might see in a kaleidoscope, and which reflect in their prismatic facets the strange blue glow of the trees. In the midst of this lunar twilight all is silent. One hears no song of birds, no hum of bees-theearth is unequal to the susten. ance of any living creature, Even the voice of the trees is stilled beneath the motionless foliage. A huge lake which supplies neither spring nor stream occupies the base of the valley it fills the silence with no sound of melodious and splashing waters; it holds but a thick film of white vapors, which lave without wetting the edges of the shore and the base of the promontories, or rise and float like a veil of lawn about the lake's enchanted island. Motion is not, however, entirely ladking in this silent spot-as a drapery flutters in the breeze, so here and there the placid surface of the lake flutters, and its calm is broken by silvery ripples. Here and there along the waves glide strange forme-so vague that they seem part of the lake itself. Yet still their shadowy outlines suggest human forms, dimly visible thronugh the veil of mist which surrounds them. Their arms and shoulders destitute of flesh and muscle are faint in contour; no trace of hair shades their brows; their bloodless faces, which neither mirth nor sorrow can alter, hold nevertheless-some ex pression. Their eyes are barely suggested the places where the eyes should be show but dark stains, which send forth only the phan toms of intelligent regard-their shrunken lips wan and drawn, which can never open until the supreme command releases their silence. suffice by their form to show the difference in the sexes. Once risen from the lake, these shades of men and women wander along its shores, or lie upon the banks where, through their diaphanous bodies, one may see the earth on which they rest, glistening with its flowers of onyx and topaz, whose petals do not even bend beneath their weird burden. Sometimes, their elbows resting upon the ground, their heads bowed upon their hands, these spectres seem to dream. Of what stuff are their dreams? Perhaps of their past existence; perhaps of the existence the future holds for them. For in this valley sojourn those souls who are destined to a new experience of earthly life. After having been judged by the terrible and incorruptible Yama, at once the Minos and Pluto of the Hindoo underworld, alter having accompolished their time of torture or delight according as on earth they had lived in vice or virtue, it is in this spot that, purified by their expiation or recompensed for the courage displayed in their struggle, equal henceforth in the eyes of Indra, the god of heaven, their peace made with Brahma, the all-powerful creator, with Shiva, the all. powerful destroyer and regenerator, they await the advent into the world of an infant into whose body they must effect their trans. migration. One day, Chilre.Goupta, the angel of emerald hue, along whsoe threm pairs of shoulders are ranged six pairs of powerful wings, came in his capacity as Prime Mini ster of Yama,to arrange for the transmigra. tion of the souls. Before the diamond portale by which the valley is entered he en countered the goddess Schitala, the protect. res of children born or to be born. The angel Ohitra-Goupta frowned as he beheld her, for in the goddess he recognized a powerful rival. "Are you again here with your complain inge," said he, "and still asking us for your charges those gifts which only the great gods themselves can b estowl" "I have nothing more to ask," answered Schitala, "froin Brahma I have obtained what I desired for the happiness of the entire human race, and am here to signify his com. mand." "What do you propose to do, and is it to be done ?" "Listen, Goupta, and be proud to second me in my great and holy undertaking. Man, as you know, has nearly always something to 3complain of in his earthly lot. Would you know why? It is because too often his soul, abiding in a body not made for its dwelling place, is forced to endure conditions which are in opposition to its instincts. Hereafter, instructed in advance of its future destiny, the soul will be given the privilege of accept. ing or rejecting this envelop of flesh within which it must accomplish its mission. This is the prayer which I have addressed to I Brahma, and which he has granted." The Minister of Yams gave vent to such a buret of laughter that his six pairs of wings beat together against his three pair of shoal I ders, and several seconds passed before he could regain his speech. At length he over. came his hilarity. " Are you dreaming, mother ? Brahma himself, overcome by the perfumes of Cama. lata, or by the sweet cordial of Armitam, must have been dreaming when he made such a promise. By the flames of Hades, I am in. dlined to believe he was amusing himself at your expenee." In reply, Schitala drew from beneath hek scarlet mantle the decree sent forth by Brahma, carefully enwrapped in leaves of I lotus and couseha, and handed it to Goupta, as the diamond doors swung open of them selves before the two angels. " Curses upon man I the world is coming to an end," murmured Goopta, Eighing so I deeply that all the fragile phantoms of the lake were blown towards the further shore, as the foam of the sea is blown before the breath of the tempest: "to make man his Sown master, to have him to accept or reject t his future destiny; Too much charity has made you foolish, old mother; hereafter we shall have no more souls to supply, except to the children of the rich and powerful. Le fore a half century has passed, kings will be Sborn without people to govern, and the brah. mins will preach in the desert." "Let us try," said the goddess. " It is well, since it is your wish andBrah ma's decree." Alter thoroughly mastering the significance Sof the divine order, the emerald angel, some what rc-.assured, approached the lake, con esulted his register, and than in sonorous tones called in turn six souls, giving each the Ssurname he had borne on earth. At the utter I ance of each name the waves trembled, a light bubbling manifested itself on some point of the lake's silver smoothness, then a shade, slowly rising from his vapory couch, gained the shore. 3 When he saw around him all the six to agether, Chitra-Goupta informed them ol the degree of Brabma, and imprCesed upon them the one restriction which they must t understand. 3 "By a refusalto becomeatonce tlhe iulbit ant of the boly proedestined for him, the soul would lose his chance of life, and must Sremain as many years longer in this valley of shbadow as he might otherwise have lived among the wvorld of men." This was the clause which had reassured Chitra Goupta about the consequences of the decree. The first soul called was that of an old dervish, who had left in Mysore the memory of a life full of holy eelf-denial as well as the most pious mortification of the flesh. " You," said the angel,." shall be born in the midst of an honest mercantile family, whose lives run in a groove equally separ. ated from the honors which bring care to the mind as from the troubles which rob it of its strength. Rejoice I" "Rejoice doubly," said Schitala, "for, sweetlylulled in the sunshine of your mother's caresses, you shall escape the corruptions of the the world, and still enveloped in the robes of innocence you shall die an infant. This time you shall gain the prize of victory with out the struggle of combat." " To die an infant," replied the old dervish; "what to put my lips to the brim of the cup and have no power to drink even half it holds I to see once more the doors of life open to me, and pause upon the threshold I Better were it not to be born. I have tasted the joys of heaven, now I would know those of earth. I will wait." And with a gesture of refusal, the dervish plunged into the lake. "The old fool has bcoome perverted in heaven," said Chitra.Goupta, shrugging his three pairs of shoulders. "Can it be possible that extreme virtue as well as vice occasions remoreo?" murmured Sabitalo, grown pensive. Souls 2 Another soul took the place of the dervish. Chance, or it may be destiny, sometimes pleases itself by bringing together strange contrasts. This soul was that of a bayadire, who had delighted all Benares by her grace fol and voluptuous dancing. She had'even figured brilliantly in the ceremonies of the temple, where, in spite of her eacentric beha viour, she had the protection of the priests during her lifetime and, perhaps, after death the indulgence of the gods. She approached lightly-almost in a bound-the divine pair, who wese seated upon a reek of malachite veined with gold. "You shall be beautiful," said the messen. ger of Yama," and because of your beauty you shall become the wife of.L a ric nabob, who will east all his treasures at your feet, to gratify your lightest caprice. Rejoice." The soul of thebayaddreseemedto tremble, as if in excess of joy; she cast a rapid glance -about her, upon the shubbery of jade and tur quoise, upon all the rich jewels which formed the floral embellishments of the valley,think. ing, no doubt, that she would find similar ones on earth with which to adorn herself. Necklaces, bracelets, and girdles should be hers, and jewels should hang in clusters from the ends of her long and flowinghair. Never theless, before giving her final acceptance, she asked: " Will he be young, this rich nabob whom I am to wed?" "He will be three times your age; but that is nothing. Rejoice; for afterhe has loaded you with gifts, he must die. He will leave you mistress of a colossal fortune, free to.choose a new husband, and this second one ehall be young and noble of countenance." " Shall I bear him children ?" "Both your husbands-the young as well as the old-must leave you childless." The bayadlre's countenance fell; her look of desolation was pitiable. "Childless 1" she repeated; still this dis honor 1" And turning abruptly away, she disappeared, faltering : "To live without the joy of maternity is no life." The emerald angel looked at the benevolent goddess with a mocking smile. "There," said he, "is a refusal you eertainly did. not anticipate, good mother. An old husband to make her rich and to grant all her wishes; a young one to gratify her tastes. It is not easy to understand this. Is your sex still caprioneus, even in this empire of ghosts ?"'' "If the tree aeoursed with barrenness could speak, Goupta, you would have its answer. ' Sterility is dishonor.' For woman the ease is even more dreadful. Brahma the divine, by an ineffable gift, deereedfrom the first day of the world's existence, to share with wo man the faculty of creating. Almost from her cradle she thrills with an'aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant is she- already a mother. Poor bayadres II understand her refusal." "Very wall," replied Chitra.Goupta, " bn in the meantime we run the risk of not find. ing a soul who wishes to leave this valley. We have tried without success, the old der vish and the young bayadsire-now let us undertake the case of this whilom prince, who but lately clung to the hopeless longing for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for glory, are the moving impulses of his class: this time, I am sure of acceptance," and with a gesture he called to him the soul whose turn had come. "Rejoice," cried Goupta, as the shade ap. proeached, "rejoice, and thank the gods you shall be king." " King I" replied the soul with a shudder. " In the olden times it was to a degree en. durable-to-day the position is a sad and cruel one. To make one's-self the executioner of one's own family, for the purpose of stand. ing well be' -e his people; to merit the chastieemert : heaven, and the contempt of men-only : become at last the vassal or prisoner of tLh European invaders. What a fate l My ur cle, the powerful sovereign of Deccan, forced me to burnout my eyes that hispeople should not think me unworthy to succeed him. And hedied-how ? The humble dependentof the English king I Better were it to be born In the humble cabin of a pariah than on the golden steps that lead to the throne of Delhi." "There is more danger than I believed, since even kinges decline the offer," murmured the minister of Yams. ."We are only half way yet," pleaded Schitals, " let us go on." Of the two souls who followed, one was offered the body of a banker not too ecrupu lous.in his method of acquiring wealth, and who, gaining fortune, should at the same time fall a victim to a serious illness, so that he could but rarely leave a bed of pain. The other was destined to enter the body of a laborer, whose out-door life would give'him the inestimable blessing of health and etreogth. "To be," said one, "at the same time in health and adversity I What is that but to possess a good stomach only as an abiding place for the demon of hunger?" "Wealth and suffering," quoth the other, "a mantle of gold flung upon the ahouldersof a corpse." And both refused. "What have you to say now, Schitala " asked the emerald angel with an air of triumph. "Do you still think it wise and just to instruct men concerning the fate life holds for them, and to leave them free to choose or reject their new birth 1 With this state of things, I repeat, the land would soon be depopulated. Thanks to the imprudent prayer you have addressed to Brahma, there are already upon earth five poor mothers be wailing the loss of their still-born infants." Seeing the good Sohitals covered with shame and bowing her head in silence, he added: "Heed me, Schitala, let us go no further for the last soul left us to consult will surely, and with reason this time, return at once to the lake." Opening his book, he prepared to draw a line through the six names written therein, but the remaining roul, finding herself alone, did not await his summons, and silently ap. pronched the block of malachite. By her mournful step, her drooping head, one could plainly read that the memories of her life awoke within her breast only sad and melancholy impressions, Thiswas the ghost of a poor girl of L3hor, who had in life a grievous lot to endure. Far removed from the pleasures which rank, fortune, and power present, she had been the sole support of an aged and helpless mnother. -When, at last, Adisano; the God of Unhappiness, had seemed placated hy her resignation, and love, with its promises of happiness and consolation smiled upon her, her wedding morning shone upon her dead-poisoned by a venomous ser. pent. "Poor creature I You are fatally pre-des. tined," murmured the angel. "I cannot say to you as to the others, 'Rejoice I' I cannot offeryou in ybor new life anything but pain and privation. These'two souls who but now were before me refused their transmigration because they could not possess both health and fortune-for you I can promise neither the one nor the other. You must endure both poverty and suffering. Do you accept life at such a price?. Decide." The shade, making no motion toward the lake, stood silent and attentive, as if in hope that somerfurther revelation might soften the cruelty of the words she had already listened to.. "Alas I alas " said in turn ooed Schitala profoundly touched with pity,. profitby the gift of Brahma, dear soul; not only through the continued failing of your health shall ad versity Iursue you, but after years of incce. sent and fruitless toil, grown feeble and and broken, you must exhaust the remains of your strength in caring for your invalid hus. band." The young soul started. "This husband at whose side I must pass my future life in toil, trouble, and illness-will he love me?" "Yes, but no you alone. A rival shall be preferred before you ; from the ashes of your happiness, barely known before it fades away, shall come to you new agony-new suffering more heavy to endure than all the rest. You will be jealous." "But I shall love him, then ?" "You will love him." "Unto the end." " Yes, unto the end; for alone of all his wives you will follow him to the fiery heart of his funeral pile." "Blessed be the name of BrahmaI I would live." To this cry of love, this passionate expres. sion of devotion and self-sacrifice the cold and silent valley, found a responsive echo; the trees were shaken from their immobility, the phospherescent lights and the diamond flowers shone with redoubled brilliancy, and all the phantoms. dwelling in the shadowy depths of the lake rose to the surface to wave to their companion a gesture of farewell. But already the benevolent goddess had clasped beneath her purple mantle the poor tender soul, while Chitra-Goupta, spreading swiftly his sixpairs of wings, took his flight to the seventh superior heaven, to seek from Indra, the high god, the annulment of Brahma's decree. Indra revoked the decree; but onthe pages of his golden book he wrote the name of the young girl of Labor, and underneath-the name of BayadCre. 