OUR MELBOURNE LADIES' LETTER. The Queen's Birthday passed off very quietly There and without any rain falling, which is very unusual, a fine 24th of May being the exception in Victoria. The usual levee was held at Government House, the occasion being the most numerously attended ever witnessed in this colony. The very loyal colonists always taking a delight in doing honour to the Queen feel doubly loyal just now, on account of the jubilee mind being so fully occupied with jubilee schemes. The children of the various districts are in expectation of enjoying the jubilee treats formerly promised them, notwithstanding the opposition of a few disaffected borough councillors. The mothers of Victoria are signing a jubilee memorial to be forwarded to Her Majesty, and a footballer's badge has been invented by a person in the employment of one of our Melbourne firms, to be called the footballers' jubilee badge. The large sums collected for the Bulli sufferers were supplemented this week by the proceeds of an extra People's Concert at the Temperance Hall. The temperance bodies paid all expenses, thus dedicating the full amount of the proceeds to the Bulli Fund. This and all such acts we are proud to place to our credit, but it is with shame that we are compelled to place many other items on the discredit side of our books. The postage stamp swindle is obtaining here to a fearful extent. I have been told on good authority that those engaged in offering rewards to persons who can find the greatest number of words in a given word dispose of some] £20 worth of stamps every week, and there are many similar tricks resorted to with; the object of raising" money" in an easy way. A person in Carlton has been advertising for some time, request- ing amateur authors to forward MS. to a certain address. The other day a Herald reporter thought to investigate, so sent a quantity of Mr. and was informed in reply that they were so crowded with communications, that all correspondence must be accompanied with 2s. 6d. in stamps to defray the expense of reading. The Herald Boys' Excelsior Class weekly entertainments are in a nourishing state. Several well-known gentlemen are in the habit of attending from time to time, and saying a few encouraging words to the boys, and such visits are really encouraging to Mr. Forster, who is untiring in his work. The boys are delighted with Mr. Allen borough's proposal that they should go down to Brighton and give an evening in the Town Hall there. Mr. Barber will give the boys a magic lantern entertainment in their hair, Little Collins-street, to- night, subject, " The Egyptian War, when a collection will be taken from visitors to defray expenses. The waifs of Little Bourke and Lonsdale streets were delighted with an entertainment given by their friends in the Gospel Hall situated in that locality. Plenty to eat and drink, music, vocal and instrumental, and a round of games will make the best off children happy then what must such a treat have been to the poor little strays of the heart of the city. The Caledonian Society held a gala on the Queen's Birthday, place the Melbourne cricket ground. The society a ball was held the preceding evening in the Freemasons' Hall, and under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. The Mayoress of Collingwood gave another nice ball last week, and there are quite a number of mayoral balls coming off in the various suburbs. A number of enjoyable dances have been given within the last fortnight notably those of Mrs. Burford, Arma- dale ; Mrs. Alick Langdale, Toorak ; Mrs. Moule, Elsternwick, etc.; Mrs. Moore, Mayoress South Melbourne gave a charming children's party. The prettiest description of a juvenile fancy dress ball which I have read comes from Sydney. I allude to the entertainment given by Mr. and Mrs. Riley, Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney. We had a full account last week in Life which is going splendidly-of the marriage of Miss Reed, of Launceston, Tasmania, with Dr. Henry Grattan Guinness, of Mile End-road,' London. The wedding was highly aristocratic, a number of our leading colonists being also present. A heavy fall of snow took place during the ceremony, but that interfered very slightly with the attendance of guests, A pretty wedding took place at Hawksburn, at the residence of the bride's parents, on the Queen's Birthday, when Miss Mary Helen Hardwick, daughter of Mr. Charles Hardwick, and grandaughter of the late C. B. Hardwick, of Tasmania, was united in marriage to Mr. Robert Long, of Williamstown. The bride, a tall, handsome young ' lady, looked lovely in her bridal dress, which consisted of an underskirt of silver-grey satin, with printed^bodioaiandBpptriklrt1 of striped ruby satin and silk. . A rich lace drapery passed from the shoulders down the front of the dress, and was caught in one or two places with sprays of jessamine and orange blossoms. A spray of same in the hair and white kid gloves completed a tasteful and highly becoming toilette. The bridesmaids wore dark walking costumes,' with lace drapes. The end of a wide width of lace was fastened on the left shoulder with a knot of white ribbon, and caught in at the waist with a spray of flowers. The drapery then spread out, and passed round the side of the skirt under the Eight am, and was looped in with the back puffing. The Rev. Mr. Ingesmilla performed the ceremony, which was so impressive that the gayest present felt every word the rev, gentleman uttered. Mr. and Mrs. Long will reside at Williamstown. Speaking of Williamstown reminds me to mention the ghost at present on a visit to that suburb, Th<|¿hoat,.or¡aome one per- sonating a ghost has been seen- that point seems quite decided-and a very mean ghost it is, for the first person it interfered with was an unfortunate servant girl, who threw down her bag and umbrella and ran for her life. It is said that she has not since left her bed. The ghost has played other ranks, chiefly on a local M.D. I have been told by a resident of Williamstown that the ghost is supposed to be-by a few who know something about it-a person who has a grievance against a certain doctor, and he wants to | revenge himself by injuring the doctor's practice, and so he (the ghost) haunts the Men's. premises, The story reminds me of a similar occurrence which was reported to us from Hobart some years ago. Could any of the readers of The Mercury inform us how the affair terminated. 