Keep Out of the I'ast. Keep out of the past I for lis highways Arivriiunp with malarial gloom ; ,: lis jrarduns are sere, and its forests are drear, Ami everywhere moulders a tonib ; t Who seeks to regain its lost pleasures Kiii'ls only a rose turned to dust, And its storehouses of wonderful trensurC9 Ib covered nml eontacl with rust. Keep out of the past, it is haunted, Ho who in its avenues gropes Shall find -there the ghost of a joy prized the most, And a skeleton throng of dead hopes. In plae>! of its beautiful rivers Lio pools that are Btognant with slime,. And tlismi graves gleaming bright in the phos phorous light . Cover, dreams that were slain in their prime. Keep outiof the pust I it is lonely And barren.and bleak to the view, It# fires have grown cold, arid its stories aro ' ol(), . Turn, turn to the present, the now I To-day leads you up to the hill tops, That are kissed by the radiant Bun, To-day shows no tomb—all life's hopes in bioom— And to-dav holda a nrizo to bo won. —Ella IVAeeler Wilcox. . Saw the Thing Through.—" How arc u,'Charley," said one t.vaveller to another New South Wales. "Where lmvo you , ^bttea-r' ' " Bcoh visiting." ' •• " "Whore?" "In Sydney." ,• , w 10 "Indeed 1 -I supposo you wont all the v'.'V;, founds." ■ ' •" You botl did." "Saw tho Parliament Houses and went v'-yiv:; V ' ."down the harbor and all that sort of thing 1" }'t* ' -, " Yes, and I was down in bed for two ' weeks with malaria, t Oh, I tell you I didn't K miss any of It," : ■ '.vV - The Other One.—"So you have got a . itcp'inother ? " she aaid to the little girl of .•■Y. ' Mten. : . ,, fWall, I foci sorry for you." ', " Obt you needn't do that," replied the llttlo onei, " l'Joasp fool sorry for pa I" 1 A cheap thing lit summer bats—a dude'a °PhiloBopby That Means Well —" My ia^ frienaj" bow.' -.wore 'you. able to acquire eh »d Immohfee fortune ?,' : Mfiyii.t^tyflttpliinaothod." • Wbatraothodistbat f" iViTben l-was poor I tnnae out that I was ihV«a^ whoii I got rich Imade out that I 