A STRANOE STORY. A DOMESTIC VAMPIRE. An accident occurred at South Mel bourne last week which would have afforded material to Edgar Allan Poe for one of his mysterious and weird tales. To those who have read with interest that author's " Black Cat," through whose instrumentality an in dividual met his doom, will no doubt peruse with interest the following, the genuineneness of which is vouchsafed for by a reputable resident of South Melbourne :-D uring the extreme heat of last week a gentleman, who slept in a compartment also containing another occupant, underwent some singular experiences, it is presumed at that midnight hour when ghosts and goblins damned are supposed to leave their prison houses to haunt the souls of men. He retired to bed as usual one evening, but in the morning was startled to find his face and pillows covered and saturated with his own blood. The source from which the fd lsii'd'eI anated appeared to be di' sniall p?iinctuior incision in the flesh : part 'bf.the eyebrow. During the day" ': lie 'cjxi;iienced; a feeling of extreme lassitude and languor, aLri ing probably?;'-?' from 'the loss of blood. On thed:; : following morning he remained awake,. but nothing occurred. The succeeding'. midnight hours, however, produced:':'' extraordinary results. The atmniois phoro was sultry and warm, and : owing to the loss of blood and the' previous night's vigil ho dosed' 'ofE shortly before 12 o'clock. 'About six '!: o'clock in the morning hoe awoke with a' painful compressed feeling in 'the"'?'' 4 region of the head, and was alarmed " to discover a repetition of the blood stiiined: appearance of the face, pillowi and even edges of the sheets, and other paraphernalia apportainingto the' ' '' couch of ?3orpheus. The matterwas P.' now becoming serious. - Suspicions'' of that abominable creatitioni; the v 'ii ~''_' pire, iwere aroused. All inmu tei of, ut the tenement were alarmied, and tlin ,a5 fellow 'occupant 'of' tlio"''oe l V. eiJ naturally 'surronuded witlih n.'iah-nu'"r uttered suspicion. Medical?"itid.'ai oJLi brought inito requisition, 'and'th~ise " gentlemen were decidedly of opinion hi that the person had been bitten `by7" ' some vermin, and easily accounted'for .' the copious flow of blood. It is well- , known that intense heat always tend"i to thin the blood; and when the tern perature is at 101 or 106 the slightest incision in the skin will cause, if left;.. alolie, an" oiitpohr of lengthened con tinunation. A watch was next night kept oitsido the room to intercept:"' any surreptitious vampire. Not a.' movement was heard in the room. All ' was still, with the exception of the sleeping inmates' 'regular breathing. Towards morning the watchers ei'cere? 3 the. bedroom, and were as equ?a.iy-' as . tonished as horried ioo observe. ,the, thin blood, silently andL slowly trick ling from a dimiuaniv~ihoision in tli&r;~ forehead,. TIhee domestic, tc .which?f h'ao ?'een put in' the room id f"riig??id away :vermin,.. was quietly and:iharmot t lessly purring :upon a' chaii.::The i 5affairdtwas gaining ! a. gliostly reality:; Everybody was at their! wits'! end 'to'': account for the pheniiomena. Ulti-: mately the victim determined to keep 'q' awake' all night himself if possible": He Homade this resolution secretly, and Shie ept it.nH~is room companion' had, a removed: his quarters.: He was alone 1 in theroom,with the faithful 'cat. 'Theo : Slight was' turned out. The moonlight." t wasi casting. its rays through the latticed 'windows.' The man dosed, half-waking;. half-sleeping, 'upon the "' t bed, which had: been the, scene of so Smuch spilt blood. Suddenly he felt: I a gentle pressure on his chest, .then a?' soft' furry touch upon his creek, ther: a soft half 'purr, half growl. It was'- ' the cat. Ho 'did not more. She ° licked his face for a few moments, and thdni inserted her teeth. The mystery was' solved. The vampire was the: cath-Herald. 