English and Foreign fFROJt oua OW^ COBSESPOSI>CST. I PJLBIS, Aprils* xheke ib no reason way romancers ougnt siot to' have a "go" at divining the political future o£ Europe, as Veil as \3\vl-eyed states 3nea, drled-up diplomatists, cobblers, and village politicians. It is thus that the Austrian novelist* Sachet Masoch, *n>Ebrew Jew, claims to&sXt; the key to tho enigma, why Germany ^eriVites to attack cither Jiussia or Frafcfee. ^ho old emperor is an idoUtor, bo worships t!he associa tion'of'three pictures; on©* ifhero ho is repre sented visiting his mamma's tomb, Queen Louisa of Prussia, before sotting out for the 1870-71 campaign; second, Napoleon I. and Queen Louisa after the defeat of Jena; and third, the picture of Kaiser William and Napole*m til. after Sedan^. ' . ; These three paintings symtelfc&J; in a way, the Hstwill and testament Queen Louise, if-rit, tbohasitslrjmniis like its predecessor Peter ,the Greats, wtiich some authorities aasett sever. existed^ and is & practical joke £&» pefcrated by, the First. Napoleon to <Jri£kup jeoplw against czars, whether wfcfto or red. £mpe»r .William, according to M. Masoch, xvas deeply attached, to his mother, us is every SgoocL. lad, not forgetting the French. The crushing victories of Jena, a little Sedan, ef Eylau, and Friedland, caused the collapso of Prussia, and broke the Queen's heart* Further Napoleon did not spare any humiliation to fter Majesty.., She expired anathomafej<^-^-the conquered .rarely blcss-7-the viofcWs,. Upbraid ang Austria, for having abandosoi the Prussian Kingdom,' which Frederick <tae Great carved in part outof Austria, and.iu..blessing the Mus covite for, by the interviews, at Niemen, doing all that was posable to eave the Hohenzollern erown> Ths .Queen left, as a dying injunction to her children, the rehabliation of their kingdom* the chastisement of-Austria and the neth&iiidafc; Hades of . humiliation for Francs-, ftecce why the present Emperor vowpcL to if by the hump of the holy camcL or all the hairs in the l>eard of the prophet,Jto rsreng'? hi3 mother. This exphiins Sadowa - and Sedan. Many think these conclusive events were not due to Emperor Willirm's platform policy of revenge, but to a concatenation of political chances and blunders, which Prince Bismarck had the gfcaiua.t® foresee and the iron will to form, against the most headstrong even of all his adversaries-the Emperor himself. "Pity her Majesty did not live a decade more. She ; would have witnessed the uprising of Russia.in.18i2 ; of her own subjects in 1913. She ( might then have heard the lapping of the waters of the Beresina . shrouding hecatombs of warriors;.hate witnessed, tho glare of the conflagration of Moscow, and beheldjhe whole sale massacring at Leipsic, wheror force was demonstrated to bea perfectcure. -She could liayo "gloated like an irritated sultana at the adieu to the old guard at Fontaineblean; at "the greatticket-of-leave man at Elba; at the Imperial recidivist, at Waterloo; and the last act of the tragedyat St. Helena. Surely such pnnishment, such sacrifices, onght to lay the znanee of Queen Louisa and satisfy her eons, without r«nfap in the Eumenidetf to perform further < vengeance at Sadowa and Sedan. Reform' bills, not punishment, it seems, are only;fihdl in this world. M. Masoch con cludes^ thatthe Emperor, having accomplished the 'mission; leagued to him by his mother, has got no more work to do. '. " France will not be attacked-7 Boulanger, as well as Queen Louisa's wishes, counts for something in the reticence of Germany, .and, of course, Russia will not, she bein^ regarded as a vessel of grace. Cleariy Her Majesty's ghost was not satisfied with the collapse of France in 1815, fines it had to be done again in 1871. Can M: Masoch assure the world she rests easy in her marble tomb even now aVCharlottenburg? If hot, will the Society -of Psychical Reseach tell us? An nnsibyHne reply might save brains from being knockedout; or'what is worse, purses emptied and evenput' a breakon'that 44 old man in a hurry," Mr. Maxim, and';thebringing outof his infant cannon, firing a 2,240-pounder eight miles four times a minute. All eyes artj still kept on Russia. Will the Czar blowup Bulgaria, Turkey, or British India before tho Nihilists project His Majesty into space ? The - odds are in favour of the anarchists, who, if they have nothing in their pockets, -have something in their heads. Opiiionf ears warisimminent, because tho treaty between the throe Emperors has expired. No treaty'-ever was signed, sealed, or delivered; the autumnal manoeuvres of the crowned heads were only big palavers, where minutes are no xnoreiakenthun at Cabinet Council meetings. It is tho'empress, more so than her husband, who is nerrous-worn by all the attempts, at assassination, and the extraordinary precau tions taken at Gatchina to make his ilajesty death-proof. Gatchina is six mile* from St> Petersburg; it is neither a Windsor, a Ver sailles,' a Potsdam, nor a Schcenbrnnn. It is a plain; three-storied building, with a tower at each corner, originally erected by Peter the Great for his sister, then presented by the Em press Catherine to Prince Orloff, her favourite, and later purchased by the Crown for an oc casional . resting place for royalty. The £mperor Nicholas converted it into a kennel, and the Gatchina breed of dogs is as famous aa Orloff iprses.^^.. - . - GatcKina' is situated in tho centre of an Aldcrabot camp; next, surrounded with & wailal-in forest, tho inner circle being the enclosed irardeijH and pleasure grounds. Around the forest walls are links of sentries 30 yards apart, and changed overy hour. No person is allowed to approach the castlo without "being well examined; the servants even arc supplied with admission cards, -which arc changed weekit*. Iu.-ide c«?tle no room or other tlocri are lc» b'.i locked either d^y or r.lgh4~ <tn\\\ tferovoraor 01 the palace, ar,we:l as the dfifrShyS.f&ptj; hato tin? right 10 Tiaic eyery room when they please. The Czar 4 I likes lonely promenades, fishing, boating, and shooting. k^t^two*l&teoid; Sfe'dg-: I tt'ctiv^s foN^'ktti'ave soiAofcinies e*h^£ ill uliMtico'far"UlhitihLS.' " ^o iinlUd^ Iter husband I-«ot to stoputL&e;^i^re^has; had ".constructed tflpo extensive Underground galleries orclbistera for hia promeaades. And all these superlative t^ftutions. to protect a. ruler &gainst; 00,000,000 of subjects. How he must envy Presidents Grevy and GliVeland. The one-man power is not synonymous withhappiness. "AU around mo «*eep," exclaimed the poet Neg dan off-; Ihere are two exceptions, the nihilists **rd'the postal authorities who open all corre spondence without ceremony. But the Cdbittct iftir is not. wholly dishonesty a tclici Of, the angel in man is left, for after the slips tOUdhiiig on the political condition of are ex* tracted, the private letted Is allowed to pass out of quarantine-, . France boast of hor sleeping commercial to-teHet, Ohauffat, at London, and England tif; her sleeping admiral, at Oanneav Bfttons were prepared for hoop- iron dtitlasses, iron clads to turn turtle, cahttUtis to explode before going off, &CA.; bnt no. fellow ever- anticipated Ripvan WSttilc admirals save in Switzerland. Si* .Thomas Brown, said had he a choicb he ^uid prefer to study only .in his dreams, and when in that state also to say hie prayers. Perhaps the Duke of Edinburgh acted on this hypnotic suggestion* Drake Oil one tkicasionj ioo, was asleep at a Critical moment; the captain rushed into the adrhiral's' <Wbin, in formed hit* the Frenchnleii were bearing down Ott their ship-, whi«Jh Was isolated, and asked for ihsttuctitfrts. ' " Get close to them, give them fcrdadsides, and when all is over call me" Rather than, disturb Surajah Dowlah in his 40 winks, 123: English were suffo cated in the Black:. Holoof Calcutta. Happily, England only-suffers the humiliation' of disoourteay from the royal snoring.- It is singular that during the recent earthquake at Cannes, the Prince of Wales declined to be rottsed out of his bed-. What a Sleepy Hollow the Riviera must "be. Clearly the English fleet did hdt keep a sharp lookout, either from the fflast-head, or the crow's nest, or'they would have seen the French ships, ordered specially from Toulon t» go and salute Queen victoria at Cannes, bearing down,' and report the fact to the slumbering salt. The English fleet, the first to arrive before Cannes, ab stained from Baluting, as the heavy guns might start, say, another earthquake. And when the' French fleet hove to, and thundered their 21 shots, the royal' ad miral . was still doing coma. The excuse of having no powder-belongs to the class of stories only fit to "tell to the marines." As well tell a gentleman who takes off his hat to salute you, that you cannot return the polite ness because your hat in in its bandbox. When Henry XV. compelled the Spaniard^ to raise the siege of Peronne. the mayor and corporation came to express their gratitude to His Majesty, and at tho same time their profound regret at not being able^ for 16'reasons,-to fire a royal salute. V First,'' said the mayor, '? wehaveno gunpowder." - " That suffices," -retorted tlie witty king, "I accept the remaining 15 excuses in advance.1' The Frenoh have displayed thoir usual instinctive tact and delicate courtesy, in presence of the unintentional slights inflicted, on; them by the somniferous buiigling of the English arnnirah Perhaps out of evil will come good; the ill-requited courtesy of France to England's sovereign,' will enable the Eng ' 1i«h to take the.?ead in softening the unhappy, i asperities too long ? existing between the two ! liberal nations. It would be well also, when the Lords of th? Admiralty are re-making the Navy, to give a X s«on open eye to reform also the; admirals. Raiti does not iiuply a monopoly of common sense/ HjThose who brought the charge against Pranzini, of' having committed tho triple murder in the Rue Montaigue, - have not made a . single' step'to connect him with the actual ' commission of the crime. Opinion continues excitedly indignant at the inability of the police to clear-up the mystery. This is not to be wondered at, considering the long roll of undiscovered assassinations. At NeuiUy a penny gaff exhibits a man, who boasts having inhabited Paris since 1873, and having not only escaped with his watch, for which 'ho thanks Providence, but with his life, duo to never going beyond the Boulevard des Italiens. This " Methuselah of the Seine" claims to be ranked among the bravest of tho brave, as during 365 nights per annumv be ran the risk of being "removed." He adils, the safest plan to escape being molested by the polico is to commit a murder. This is rough on the blues. A "noble" viscount lately married? to tho daughter of a wealthy fabricant, in order to "manure his title," discovered before the honeymoon was half expired, that he had caught, besides one of Venus's turtle doves-a tartar. The bride had all her money settled on herself, a prudence worthy-the united counsel of the seven sages. Tho viscount was in a fair way of pecuniarily ;blec^Ing. his wife a blane. A few days ago, she put her foot down on the system of forced loans, . the husband then accused her of having suspicious love letters in her strong box, and made a rush to seize them, which were only bank notes in envelopes. Tho wife at once solved the right of- the husband to pry into a wife1* private letters, by plunging her poignard into his back and head. Tho ; servants rushed to separate Romeo and Juliet, called in the police, and tho family quarrel ended by the locking up of both belligerents. A wrinkle for members of Parliament, who believe their plighted political ftith, to be on a par with piecrust*-M. Caafic, is one:of the 30 deputies for Paris; Baffler is a sculptor, and the chairman of his electoral committee. He called on the 9th December last to see M: Casse in the lobby of tho Chamber, and when in pre sence of Mfl onco . true; blue, endeavoured, to i break a cano sword on him for having broken j his political promises. Tho jury has acquitted ! Baffler. The idea of having a bruvo .to kcop j representatives of the nation consistent, is at | least a new idea. PnriK- warms with every land oi leajm'i,-, I front-the patriotic, which acts' on Jli:-:murcklik'.'a | uisiKinarc.-down >,r} nnu-'rindlcrti leaqu'! . iUjLdi'.oliou wiih ucl^uri'.v Tho iuc:aWu> ( of the Anti-landlord Union have ior their aim to dtii-ofltheir 8&\» .ABUigltelmte. M 'tike French leave. In Ireland the .'league wishes td (nlako tenants take not. Hations, like, tastes,.differ.. A Sob Sawyer, as a nienilieftfc^UMli'the" landlord fleecers fdr help. Ten members responded to the appeal. They brought a handcart. One carried away from Bob's room, at midnight, a trunk, another a table, a third a mattress, &o.; When all the penates were piled on the cart, the band of brothers vanished, save two, who remained to pull the Yehiclei . Sob invited these to join in a drink Kild A short smoking' garWj to laugh dvef the self-evictioni Moan wjiilo the tf&t; was before the door. Later, VrHeil they went into .the street; the cart had disappeared. The two men volunteered to seek the police, but have not yet returned..' Next morning* the medical student received, a' note,' informing hini that the anarchists held goods in c'diiimon, and his chattels had been estreated. Bob has resigned membership of the league. ' Charles Leronx was the best known man in the clubs and gambling houses of Paris. Originally he was waiter in a tavern, and was glad to receive the customary four _ BOUS gratuity from olients. '? He rose to acting as banker for an hour to players! he leiit 000 francs fof a game, and in half att hour was repaid 6()0 francs. He becante so rich aB to be able to have castles, town houses, sea side villas, a picture gallery, carriages, and a stable with 12 horses. Ho dined off " the plate to be often washedho had two valets, and when he travelled, he had his own physioian-like a sovereign. Ho had ' for mistress, a real princess. ; His fortune oollapsed with the bad times. His mind could not support the: seven years of famine, after-the seven years of plenty, and he is now; in an asylum cell. 