%n\t$ a«4 $ fectcfos. [now fibst published.] A GAME OF CHANCE BY ELLA J. CURTIS. (SHXBLET smith), Anther of ' The Favoarite of Fortune,' 'Al fo/ jSerBelV 'His Last Stake,' te., fcc fT& Right op Translation is Reserved] CHAPTEE LXII.-Mrs. Ebseise Discusses ~' the Chances of toe Game. Mrs. Erekine was alone in the dratring-room when Walter Duncombe came in. Something in the expression of his face alarmed her, and Bhe started op to meet him with a very white face. 'What is the matter?' she cried, *'you ? look aa if you had seen a ghost.' ' I saw something much worse than a ghost ! you know the— the man we were talking of just now?' 44 Good heavens !' and she staggered back into a seat, ' You do not mean to say that the p man who waB watching us was— was ? ' she stopped abruptly as if choking. 'Yes,' he answered. ** It was George t Fottinger. I did not recognise him, he is so * altered ; but he knew me well enough.' 'And what— what do you think * Is he in hiB right mind ?' ' Yes—I think be is sane enough as far as that goes ; but it would not take much to set him off again. I asked if he saw the lady who was « ith me, and if he knew who she was ? He said he had not seen your face, bo I told him yon were Mrs. John Erekine.' ' Oh, do yon think that was wise ? What did he say ?' '* Well, he got rather excited, and said he wished he had known.' ' But did he not mention Rosfdtur ? Did be ask if ehe was here ?' ' He seems to know she is not with yon now.' Lnncombe answered. ' And he re membered suddenly who I was, and worked himself up into a rage, and accused me of having tried to take bis wife from him ! Now, as I never Baw her after she became Mrs. Pottinger, until the day she came to the Her mitage, I was able to give him the lie ! I wish he had ehown fight, as I conld than have given him & rap on the head that would have floored him ; Bat he didn't ! he got cowed at once when I gave him a shaking.' 'Well, what happened then? I am sure you are biding something.' ' Upon my soul I am not 1 I have nothing to bide. I eaid you should hear that I had seen him, and I desired him not to attempt to come here worrying you. I do not think he will ; he Baid he was on his way to Stilling fort, to look for his wife, and yon may be very sure I Baid nothing to stop him, or to put him on her track.' ' And when he leaves Slillingfort V 'He says he has got a good place; I did not ask him where,' ' I do not think it would be a bad plan,' eaid Mis. Erskine, after a pause, '* to let him and Rossitnr meet, if if could be managed.' ' I think I could manage it,' Dnncombe answered, ' bat it might not be so easy to get her away from him ag^in. It might take more time, yon see than we could Bpare,' he added, as he seated himself besides her, 'and that would be ruin. No, my dear. Take my advice, and do not let him get on her track if you can help it ; but if he should stumble upon her bv accident — ' 'Well. Whatthen?' ' He must be got rid cf at all hazards ! Shut np for life in nn asylum, if there is no other way. As long as he is at liberty there is no security for her, unless she is wise enough, as I have so often advised, to go out of England. ' I am weary of the very sound of her name! Yon do not know how I hate it, Walter !' and Mr*. John broke down suddenly, into hysterical Bota, ' you were right in whatyou ~ courage, and the thought that that man may * him, is killing me ! What am I to do ? Oh — what am I to do *' He pnt his arm round her and drew her to him. Do what I have go often asked you to do. Come away with me to-night — to-morrow ! » We can be married in London,, or abroad ; you would like to send a certificate of the marriage to the people here. Otherwise — well, yon know. Or, let me tell Sir John that we are engaged, and want to he married as soon, and as privately as possible. Yon can make your short widowhood the excuse for a. very private marriage. Why do you hesitate ? that if, in twenty years hence, that ? ' 'Oh. hush !' she cried imploringly. ' \ do not doubt you, but I dare not consent ' Something seems to bold me back ! The announcement of the marriage will get into the newspaper, and will be read— everywhere \ And then — and then — ' the next ten— cr the next forty years !' he eaid, impatiently- '* And in a game of chance like ours, we can bnt play our best ! And 1 think,my dear, all things considered, I deserve better treatment at your hands.' He withdrew bis arm from about her, and got up looking hurt and angry. ' Yes ; I repeat it. Far better treatment. It is not every man ' I know— I know ;' she interrupted, ''Yon mean it is not every man who would f have taken a hand in soch a game ! But, * after all, you have something to win ; and I ^^^^bave lived long enough in the world to know tibmt if a man takes a fancy into his head, he will go through tire and water lo gratify it \ And a woman too; for that matter ! Hut re member, I have something to think of besides the gratification of either love or liking ; and, unless I am driven into another course, I mean to remain Mrs. Erskuie, while that 'ran lives. If I lose one game, I most try and win the other.' ' I quite understand your play,' he eaid. ' But does it not occur to you that there may be limits to my patience V* ' I cannot help it. I am not fool enough to suppose that, if it suited you, you would not give me np to-morrow ! I do not think you would play me any shabby trick !n she added looking at him with rather a poor attempt at a smile ; and, as he passed before her, (he was walking up and down the room) the pat out her hand to take his. ' Ah I You give me credit for that much honour and honesty :' he said. '? Yes — and I love you too !' he added, at he knelt beside her and caught her hands in his. ' You are the most beautiful woman I ever saw.' ' And if my beauty is to last, I suppose I must not worry too much about tbat mad man !' she answered with a hard little laugh. ' Here is Aunt Louise ; and that odious little Masham woman is with her !' she added. ' Do not let them fiud yon here — go out by fihnaJuO6PrtQtean'OW ^ C°me ***** '' ^ '^ Wbtu the two ladies came in, they found Mrs. John alone. She was leaning back in her chair ; her eyes were closed, and her arms hanging limply down. ?* Poor dear !' exclaimed Miss Lambton, 'she has fainted again !' But the attack was a very slight one ; it had passed away before the restoratives, hurriedly sent for by Miss Lambton, arrived. 'I was walking in the wood with Mr. explained. 'I most talk to Sir John about it.' And the same evening after dinner she asked Sir John to come to her in her own sitting room. She and Duncombe had hid a hurried consultation just before he went away, and it was agreed between them that Mrs. John was to tell her iather-in-Iaw of the appearance of Pottinger. ' I think I ought to speak of terrified at the bare idea of seeing him.' ?? I hope you do not feel ill, my love,' said Sir John in hiB anxious fussy manner, as he hurried into Amy's room and Bat down beside her. ' I was quite frightened when I found you were not coming to dinner ; and Louise tells me you had a slight attack of faintness in the afternoon. You look very poorly, my darling. Quite fagged ! That's what it is ; fagged ! I suspect you want bracing ! I wish I bad thought of asking those London doctors what they thought of sea air for you ! We trill send for Sumner he's as clever as any of them, and ask him what he thinks of a month at Scarborough by and bye.' ' I do not care for the sea very much,' Mrs. John answered. ** I get so *^htip^ ; but I dare Bay Scarborough would be very nice for a change But do not let us talk about it now, please ; I have so much to say to you dearest Sir John ! 1 suppose you have noticed that Walter Duncombe has been with us a great deal lately, and I should like to be the first to tell you th'at he wants to be my little Jacky*s step-father some day !' 'The boy'a step-father 1' cried Sir John. ' Good heavens, Amy \ You do not ww to say you want to marry again !' ' Oh dear, no ! Not for a long time, of course. My poor Jack is not quite a year lead yet; but I could not say no to dear Walter, could I e is so fond of me, and so — so — well — so anxious to be married ! But [ told him everything depended upon you^ and that he must be patient and wait for a while. But you will let us be happy by and bye will vou not, dearest Sir John ? ' There was such a Inrop in the po-jr old man's throat that he could not speak at once. ?* I never thought of such a thing I Never !' he blurted out. ' I— I don't approve of second marriages, and I cannot say that Duncombe is a man I like. Not that I know anything against him.' he added hastily, afraid of having given needless pain, 'and if your heart is set on it, my dear girl, I must fashioned prejudices stand in the way of your happiness ! But you will leave me the boy ' Won't yon, Amy ?' ' Of course ! Of course,' and she squeezed his hand. ' He ought to be yours ! And dearest papa John, you will not take my little fortune from me when I marry atia-n, will you ? I know my beloved Walter does not want or expect anything with me, tmt I should like to have something of my own.' ' My darling ! It delights me that you look upon me as a father. Do you think I could be such a shabby wretch ? My son's Yoa shall have your jointure for your life, my dear ! Do not be uneasy ! I believe my pet has l*een fretting about it all this time.' ' No, no, dearest Sir John \ Yes — papa, his neck and kissed him. 'It was only this very day tbat Walter projwscd to me, and I want you, please not to speak to him about our engagement just yet, for nothing is settled. It is a very different tiling that is worrying me, and I want you to help me. soldier servant, George Pottinger, and he went mad, poor wretch, the day my blessed angel was killed at the Polo match. Yes ; you know all that. Well, he has been dis charged from the asylum, or else he has escaped', (please, do uot say a word until I have done) for I am sure he'is as mad as ever —Oh ! do please let me b'uish. I hvar be is going about everywhere looking for Rossitur, and I am so afraid of seeing him ! Mad pe -ple have such an effect upon me ' You have no idea what it is.' ' But, my dearest girl, he is not mad now. I assure you he is not ! Why I have just ? ' worrying me about Ko&oitur;, I don't know what will happen. ' ' He will be satisfied when he knows yon can tell him nothing.' 'But when he gets one of those mad fits, be always save I am his wife?' cried Amy. ' He nearly frightened me to death in Simla ! [ shall never forget it. Tried to drag me off (rith him ! It took three men to get him iway from me ! He was perfectly mad, of course, bat if it happened again it wonld kill me, I know it would. Could you not have bim shut up again ?' ' But he is coming here next Tuesday I' ^claimed Sir Jot n, driven to his wk's end. * And he is as sane as I am ! He will not take you for his wife !' ' Coaling here on Tuesday — to this house ! SYhat do you mean V and Mrs. John turned i white startled face and frightened eyes upon have engaged him as a servant ?' inswered Sir John; his voice high pitched crith excitement. As he spoke, his daughter-in-law fell back on the couch in a dead faint, And he rushed to the bell, and rang it violently ! 