THE NOVELIST. major AND MINOR.* ,,, v nobbib, Anxnon or "No New 3m," " MADEM013BLLE TillNU. ( MkBSAC, Chaptbb XXXI. «rrCLq .TOT IS OBAOULAB# tt fakine a calm review of circum . P« Brian came to the conclusion that it tances, U . .Mil nnnorwwiirv thlDff to sunn ,. TT felt more sure of himself. He was not f to be guilty a second time of the gave „f showing temper because, forsooth, she did not choose to bestow her attention exclusively upon him; he was determined to accept! frankly the friendship which was all that she had to offer him and more than he had any right to claim ; and if he should be called ' '— *imo tn timp- to bear a Bbaro nanir! „non from time to time, to bear a Bharp pang nrtw'o he would know how to conceal these. Of b"u . t - Iiah vAiiM Dnmofimoo Of tWU uc VT^-.- r Jo sec her, to hear her voice, sometimes i perhaps to exchange a few words with her, would be ample compensation for BQCh in evitable trials of hie fortitude. Nothing could have been more sensible than these resolutions, but what they may iZe been worth it is impossible to Bay, for "dVc aUnt Rfi'on (nnn/1 rin Annnr. UHTC ulvm „ tbe simple reason (bat Brian found 210 oppor-1 tunity of putting them into practice. He called in Park-lane, thinking that he ought o:- T „„n . CL, to'do so after eating Sir Joseph^ salt jjmt | nobody was at borne; and although his bro ther, who one evening did him the honour to dine with him at bis club, informed him that Miss Huntley " went everywhere," this know ledge was of little avail to a man who hap pened to go nowhere. Gilbert, as we know, was more fortunate, and Brian learnt from j him that Beatrice's engagement to Lord! b'tapleford was generally spoken of as a pro bable event. . . , "But it isut announced yet, is it? Brian no 1"answered Gilbert, smiling; "it I isn't announced yet" ' lie had the air of knowing more than he chose to say; but Brian did not interrogate him further. It struck him that there was [ a suspicion of mockery in bis brother's smile, i and he had no desire to listen to a repetition of the warnings which had been addressed to him from that quarter on a bygone occasion. After all, Beatrice's destiny was beyond hiB | control or influence ; he would be told of it no doubt, when she had made up her mind what it was to be—he did not think that her mind was made up yet—and meanwhile he had his work to occupy and console him. A day or two before that appointed for Lady Clementina's ball be received a post-card, on tbe back of which was written, in Miss Huntley's large, flowing hand, " Don't forget the lGth-B. H." To be sure, there was not much danger of his overlooking the one and only invitation that lay upon his writing table ; but the reminder was very welcome to him as evidence that the fact of his having been invited was remembered by one whose own engagements were so numerous. On the evening of the day above-mentioned he dressed himself with unusual care and paid particular attention to his white tie. He was quite ready by ten o'clock, but despite his inclinations, remained steadfast ana immovable for another two hours: because he had been given to understand that London ballrooms seldom begin to fill until near midnight Consequently, when he reached Park-lane be found the hall and staircase crowded with dense masses of humanity, and had no small difficulty in wriggling his way up to tbe landing, where bis hostess stood, magnificent tu diamonds and old lace. Lady Clementina's balls were always crowded, because they were always admirably dona The age in which we live is reproached, justly or unjustly, with being one in which wealth is all-powerful; nor can it be denied that to give a successful ball iu these days costs a great deal more than it did a quarter of a century ago. Lady Clementina's command of ready money was practically unbounded; so that she had little trouble inoutshining the financiers', bankers', and brewers' wives who were her most for midable competitors, and in assembling all London under her roof whenever she was so minded. Unfortunately tor her, she did not greatly covet distinction of that particular and, but it had come to be expected of her that she should hold two or three such junctions in the course of the season, and, aB mr Joseph, who detested but acquiesced in them, was wont to remark, they were good lor trade, if they had no other merit. Brian, in due course of time, was swept up-atairs and shook bands with tier, and she d she had not the ghost of an idea whn ho mn a ,p. """suuot 01 an iuea penetrated into the] _ _ , ^VMVWWWWU »uvv VUC ball-room, where the banks of flowers, tbe huge blocks of clear ice, and the little foun tains which were splashing in every recess might have excited his admiration if he had bad any eyes for these adjuncts But he was there to Bee. and. if nnnniM« *.»»■« i — —, uicurenunaa entertainment and Lira. Guldenmark's, or Lady Porter's; and his stature enabling bim to look over the heads of the throng, he presently made out the object of his search, standing not many yards away from bim, and surrounded or a phalanx of black coats, ok which btapletord'a was one. The moment that she caught sight of him the beckoned him to approach, ana when, by hint of a little unceremonious Bboving, he had^ managed to obey her nimii) bVi» o®"' ber head toward!. °t?S her^ 8he ^ ^ "Don'SaiT v^,'Wred bur .. ~vu i go away yet, 1 have only just oome," Brian answered. 80 much the better. Can yon stand wis for another hour and a half, do you think? If you can, you might look about lot ue then. I am pot going to dance to night; but I can see that there will he no tetee or freedom for me before two o'clock. Will yon mirV t xor me before two o clock. • you waii?" Of course I will," aaid Brian; and there npou she gave him a nod by Way of dia tiUBsl He executed a movement of retreat to *»*da the wall, and htationed hiihseU id a sortof backwater, out of the eddying hutnan stream, well content to bide his time. If mateice had told him to wait five hours, instead of only one and a half, he would owe done her bidding with perfect cheerful nws. But, indeed, this hall did not seem to wP nearly as dull an affair as thoee of wuich ha had had previous cognisance. At Jbngeciiff, where everybody knew him. and *osre non-dancers were looked upon as jooti defaulters, he had always felt that he ■puia rather submit to any imwinoW'' 01 -» *tt&^<£r3nzraBi fe «SS5».» ""M4 .vnvouium, nor did •~«KUBe a single acquaintance, except' Hactot Buckle, looking very smart Mid1 fttei' who passed onoe through the rooms ^taaiahed; and it wta amusing enough. for once in a way, to catch a glimpse of the so-called great world. Some of the persona who passed close to him were really great. There were Cabinet Ministers among them, and Foreign Ambassadors, covered with orders, and Brian distinctly heard one of the latter say to a lady, "Madame, je vous pr6viens qne la Rassie ne pent plus recnler et que la guerre est inevitable." This was U1UOV AUVGLCOVIUg t UUV 1>UC uiiuer HUrepB OI conversation which reached his ears vere Bcarceiy ot equal importance. He gathered from them that all these people had either come from Mrs. A.'s or were going on to Lady B.'a, and their chief anxiety appeared to be to find out whether those whom they met were engaged upon the same exciting programme. Also, he noticed, that a large majority of these pleasure-seekers were past middle age, and he wondered what could be the inducement that kept them out of bed at a time of life when they ought to have been thinking seriously about economising their vital forces. The old women, oi course, might have marriageable daughters; but the old men would surely have been happier at home. And where were all the young men? But these notes and queries were put a stop to when a lady of noble proportions, who had been carried through the doorway on the top of the flood, extricated herself with a vigorous plunge, and landed breath lessly by Brian's Bide. "Well, Mr. Segrave," said she, "I did think that yon would remember me; but I suppose I am not the sort of person whom anyone would expect to meet in a grand London ballroom. "I am very glad to meet you, at all events," answered Brian; and indeed it was a real pleasure to him to recognise Miss Joy, beaming all over with good- nnmour, as of yore, and wearing the self-same ruby velvet gown with the tail of which Bhe .had once swept Gilbert's chair from under him. " I am like the Doge of Venice at Versailles," he added; "astonishment at finding myself where I am exhausts my capacity for wonder. But it isn't very wonderfnl that you Bhould be in the same house as Misa Huntley, iB it ?" "It is rather wonderful that I should be in this house," Miss Joy replied. " I am supposed to be oh furlough just now, and of course my name doesn't appear in Lady Clementina's visiting-list; bat Beatrice in sisted upon it that 1 should come to-night, because she knows how much I enjoy spec tacles of this kind. So I put my pride in my pocket and came." "We seem to be in the same boat," observed Brian, "and we can enjoy the spectacle together. I would ask yon to do me the honour of dancing with me, only " "Yon would meet with a polite, but decisive refusal if you did," interrupted Miss Joy, laughing. " Do you think that I have no shame, and that I am incapable of distinguishing: between Kingscliff and Park lane ? But 1II tell you what yon might do for me, if you were inclined to be good natured—you might take me down-stairs and give me something to eat." Of course he was quite ready to do that, aud by the exertion of some physical force he succeeded in piloting his companion down to the supper-room, where, as need hardly be said, everything that art and luxury could achieve in the culinary line was at her dis posal. However, he soon discovered that Miss Joy's request had not been prompted by any greedy appetite, for Bhe would take nothing but a morsel of aspic and half a glass of champagne, and as soon as she had finished this frngal refreshment Bhe drew him aside into one oi the smaller rooms, .which for the moment was untenanted, saying: "Now we shall be able to talk comfortably." And when Bhe had settled herself down upon a sofa, it was an odd and rather dis appointing thing to find that she wanted to talk abont his brother, not as nsnal, about the manifold perfections of her beloved patroness. Where was Gilbert ? she asked. Did he propose to remain in London long ? And why waB he not at the ball? "I know he is in town, because Beatrice told me that she had met him several times; and perhaps he may be in the house now, though 1 don't thiuk he can be, for I had a good look all round the rooms before I fell in with you." " I believe he is in town," answered Brian, who had not been informed of hia brother's return to Beckton; " but I can't tell you much about his movements. 1 dare say Miss Huntley sees more of him than I do." Miss Joy gave a dissatisfied grant "But I should have thought that with this general election coming on in the autumn, it would be important for him to be upon the spot" she persisted. " Isn't he going home again soon?" "Really I don't know," replied Brian wonderingly. " Why do you ask ? " "Ob, 1 am naturally inquisitive; when I know something about people I always want to know more. Perhaps I know more than yon suppose abont the way in which yon have been going on since we last met" " I am aware that Mrs. Peareth is a friend of yours," said Brian. "Ob, Beatrice told yon that? Did Bhe tell you that she made me take her out to Streatham and call upon the Peareths with her, so that she might learn the troth abont your rapture with them ? I think that was a very' pretty compliment to pay you. And, as luck would have it, who should come in while we were sitting there but that absurd little Mrs. Dubbin herself 1 You muBt in deed have been hard up for amusement before yon took to flirting with her/" "But I never did anything of the sort," cried Brian indignantly. "I do hope that Miss Huntley—and yon know better than to believe it of me 1" "lean believe anything of yonng men," answered Mite Joy sententiously. "From what I have seen of them—and I have Been a good deal, first and last—X should say that there are no bounds to the folly that they are capable of, if encouraged by forward and aio vii ma cuvvuid|,o4 u/ avi waiu wi vulgar girls, Mrs. Peareth took your part. "iad however, I must confess, and •: said yon had been very badly treated. As for Beatrice, She would never admit that yon could do wrong. I don't know whether yon have found out what a high opinion she has of you:"' ' "Is that meant sarcastically?" inquired Brian. "Ob, no; she took a liking to yon from the first; and when she takeslikings ot that description they are always strong ones" Hies Joy paused for a moment find sighed. " I have often wished of late," she continued meditatively, "that you were a lord, or a distinguished personage of some sort; be cause, if you were, 'you might fall in love with dear Beatrice and marry her. I shouldn't have any fears for her future then." " Thank you," said Brian laughing; " your remark* have at least the merit of candour. Bat I didn't know, thgt lords and other dis tinguished personages were mom sosoeptible than the rest of mankind." i " I am sure understand what 3 mean; It is Beatrice; who - is, npfc t suaceptible. poor •dear ! Namannaeevex yet -succeeded in touching her heart {inspite of •ratah.situated mwty before long. T auppoes you have heard rumours about her and Lord Staple ford. Well, do you know, I quite hope she will take him. Heisn't brilliant; but he is honest and good-tempered, and what is better still, I think he really loves her. As his wife, she could take a leading position in society, and make interests of many kinds for her Belf. You Bee, the danger is that—putting love out of the question in the way that ehe does—she might be attracted by talent and plausibility. An unscrupulous man, who wanted her money for his own selfish ends, might get her to take an interest in his career, especially if it were a political career; and then " " Are you thinking of any person in par ticular ?" inquired Brian, "There are always plenty of such persons about," answered Miss Joy evasively. " And she hasn't accepted Lord Stapleford yet" " Perhaps he hasn't asked her yet." "Oh, she hasn't allowed him to ask her. It is easy enough to keep a man from pro posing to you ; I could do that myself, though I have no pretension to be as adroit as she is. You needn't laugh. No great ingenuity is required to protect me from troublesome suitors nowadays, I know; but I really was not so bad-looking once upon a time; and just at that moment I was thinking of a very eligible young man whom I once held at arm's length until he went off in a huff and never came back again—which I was rather sorry for afterwards. But, as I was saying, Beatrice won't let Lord Stapleford come to the point; which shows that she is hesitating. It is arranged, I believe, that he ie to meet us at Homburg next month ; and then, I trust, she will give him bis answer. It will be a very great pity if she dismisses a man who has so many good qualities and no defects, unless it be a defect to be rather commonplace." Brian really could not concur. If Miss Huntley had not yet met any one for whom she could care as a wife ought to care for her husband, surely it would be better that she should remain unmarried until Bhe did. What was there in her situation which rendered an immediate marriage so desirable? He had many arguments of undoubted weight to urge in support of his views and against Miss Joy's, and he was bringing them forward, one by one, when to his horror he heard the clock on the mantelpiece strike three. "Good Heavens I" he exclaimed, " I had no idea that it was so late. I—I muBt take you up stairs again, if you don't mind ; I have an engagement——" "Off you go then!" returned Miss Joy, laughing at his dismayed face. " You can leave me here; I am big enough to take care of myself." Perhaps it was not very polite; but he took her at her word. It would be too heartbreaking to have lost what might very likely be biB last chance of an interview with Beatrice before she left London. He ran quickly up the Btaircase, which was almost deserted now, and entered the ballroom, where the crowd, though less than it had been in the earlier part of the evening, was still large. Seeing at a glance that Beatrice was neither among the dancers nor the spectators, he pursued his search through the adjoining room, and discovered her at length, sitting qnite alone beside an open window, in what appeared to he the library. "I am so very sorry!" he began breath lessly. " I was talking to Miss Joy, and I didn't notice how the time was slipping away." "I thonght you had gone home to bed like a sensible man," she answered. " I am glad you found Miss Joy so fascinating, for I wasn't Bee at liberty as soon as I expected. Stapleford has only just left" She seemed to be a little tired and out of spirits. Could it be that Stapleford bad already demanded and obtained a definite reply ? Brian scrutinised her anxiously, and she may have divined his thoughts, for she smiled and said.— " I have been upon the social treadmill for rather too many hours at a stretch, that is all I wanted to have a long chat with yon abont things in general; but now I feel too stupid to talk to anybody. Happily, the end of all this monotonous revelry is not very far off; I don't think I could Btand much more of it. Next week we go to Goodwood; then to Cowes, and then—oh, how glorious 1—I shall be my own mistress once more, and Miss Joy will take me away to Homburg to recruit my jaded system." "I am not going to Homburg, though," Brian could not help saying ruefully, " and I suppose I shall have no further opportunities oL meeting yon among the monotonous revellers of whom you have become so weary." " Well, but that is just what I was think ing about," she rejoined, straightening her self in her chair and speaking with more animation. " Why shouldn't yon come to Homburg? You can't stay in London all the summer; you won't care to go to Kings cliff; and if yon haven't done with the labours of composition yet, why, pianos can be hired at Homburg/aa well as anywhere else, and there are certain spare hours in the middle of the day during which moBt people go to sleep, because they have nothing else to ao. 1 would undertake to amuse you or find amusement for you in the mornings and evenings." The suggestion was certainly a tempting one.. Brian had not given a thought to the coming summer: but how he reflected that he was very well able to afford himself a holiday, and how could he spend it better than by betaking himself to a place where be might count, upon seeing .Beatrice every day? He fancied, too, that there was some thing more in her eagerness than a mere desire to be kind, or even to secure for her self a certain variety of companionship, It was no very far-fetched or extravagant con jecture that, at a time of crisis in her life, she might wish to have near her a friend npon whose sympathy or even advice she could rely. For of course there are situations in which simple honesty and devotion are of more value than the worldly wisdom of a multitude of councillors. " Would you really like me to come?" be asked, after a pause. " Odd as it may appear;" she answered, laughing; "I really should. Perhaps it was a somewhat tardy movement of compunction that made her add: "I always try to collect as large a circle as I can in places of that kind. Stapleford has promised to join us, and I dare Bay there will be others. I don't think you will find itdulL" He understood her meaning: but indeed the caution was not needed. If in the re oesses of his heartkthere had still lurked the shadow of a lingering hope, this had been dis pelled as much by her outspoken friendliness as by Miss Joy's assurance of the good opinion that she entertained of him. Well: he was thankful to have it bo, since nothing more was attainable" His influence over her, if he possessed any, wouldat all events never be exerted save for wbat should seem to him to be her happtaeBi, .tohUe his own would as suredly be increased by'proximity to her. That, if it did nothing else for him, would relieve him from the torture of suspense and enable him /toi see for himself whither her destiny was leading her, 