BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 1. The business meetings of the Queensland Baptist Association were opened in the Wharf- street Baptist Church on Tuesday morning. At 10 o'clock a devotional meeting of minis- ters and delegates was held, and at 11 o'clock the Rev. W. V. YOUNG read an interesting paper on " The Work of our Association." At the close of the paper considerable discussion ensued thereon. At 2.30 p.m. the ministers and delegates met for the transaction of business. Mr. T. E. White, the outgoing president, occupied the chair. After the roll of delegates had been read, the chairman retired in favour of the in- coming president, the Rev. W. Whale, who briefly thanked the ministers and delegates for the honour they had conferred upon him in elect- ing him president. A vote of thanks to the re- tiring president was passed and suitably acknowledged. Applications for admission into the associa- tion were received and accepted from the church at Sandgate, and from the German Baptist Church of Siloa, Marburg. The minutes of the last annual meeting were taken as read and confirmed. The Rev. W. Higlett was appointed minute secretary for the current annual meetings. The annual report of the Executive Commit- tee was then read and adopted. The report opened with the following sentences :—" In the providence of God we have completed the first decade in the history of the Baptist Asso- ciation of Queensland, the association having been formed on the 18th October, 1877. At that time it consisted of seven churches, with a membership of 593. In connection with the churches there were then nine preaching sta- tions and seven Sunday sohools, with 90 teachers and 835 scholars. At the present time there are fourteen churches in the association, and two more have made application to join it, and will, doubtless, be admitted during our present session, making in all sixteen churches, with a total membership of 1680, and besides these there are several Baptist Churches in the colony not connected with the association which would make a total membership of 2000. There are now 21 preaching stations and 27 Sunday schools, with 235 teachers and 2500 scholars. Whilst the population of Queensland during the ten years has nearly doubled, our member- ship has trebled." The report next pointed out that during the year not much aggressive work had been done. The membership showed a slight increase, but the attendance at Sunday schools showed a slight decrease. The formation of the distinct church at Sand- gate under the pastorate of the Rev. E. J. Welch, was next referred to. The circum- stances connected with the erection of the new building at Sandgate have already been given in detail in our columns. Recently, also the church at Ipswich transferred forty-four of its number connected with the branch at Rose- wood, and measures are now being taken to form them into a separate and distinct church. Mr. Alexander, who last year was labouring at Rosewood and Marburg, has resigned and has been succeeded by Mr. Vigis, who promises to prove very acceptable to the people. During the year a new building has been erected at Rosewood at a cost of about £240, capable of seating about 180 persons, and the prospects of this cause are reported as very encouraging. The half-yearly meetings of the association were held in the Windsor-road church on the 10th and 11th May last and passed off well. The transfer of the Rev. John Glover in June last from the pastorate of Fortescue- street Church, Brisbane, to the church at Rockhampton, was next dealt with. Since Mr. Glover's settlement in Rockhampton the attendance at the services, and especially at the prayer meetings, has increased. The Band of Hope has been revived, and a Bible-class commenced, that promises well for the future, and every indication points to a success in Church life, such as has not been experienced hitherto by the Rockhampton Church. During the year several of the Brisbane ministers and the Rev. W. Bonser, of Maryborough, visited Rockhampton, and afforded material aid to the church there whilst it was without a pastor. This fraternal intercourse is very desirable as tending to bind the churches of the association more closely together. In response to an invi- tation from the South Australian Baptist Association the Rev. W. Whale visited Adelaide in August last as a deputation from the association, and took part in the Jubilee meetings of the Baptist denomination of that colony, and met with a most cordial reception. Among the matters of intercolonial interest discussod at these meetings were the establish- ment of a university for educating young men for the ministry, and the desirableness of estab- lishing an Intercolonial Council to deliberate on matters affecting Baptist churches throughout the colonies. It was decided to recommend that resolutions bearing upon the latter should be submitted to the respective colonial associa- tions for their consideration and adoption. Grants in aid of churches have been made to Ipswich, Maryborough, and Rockhampton, which though small, as the funds of the asso- ciation are limited, have assisted the brethren in those towns in maintaining their services. It is hoped that measures may be devised for organising funds which will enable the associa- tion to take up promising fields of labour where Baptists are at present not represented. The Baptist City Mission has been placed under the direction of a committee representing the Bap- tist churches in Brisbane. The resolution passed at the last annual meeting in favour of the weekly publication of the Freeman, had owing to unforeseen difficulties not been carried out. The concluding paragraphs of the report dealt with the imperfect nature of statistical infor- mation supplied by some of the churches, and acknowledged the Divino goodness in the past and expressed hope for the future. The report of the Freeman Commmittee was read and adopted. The report of the Queensland Baptist Foreign Mission was read and adopted. This report stated that during the year the Queensland Zenana missionary, Miss Plested, had been sustained, and a balance of £200 was in hand. The idea of sending out a colleague to that lady had been constantly kept in view. Negotia- tions had been opened with one lady in Vic- toria, but she had been engaged by the New Zealand Society. The commitee have since re- ceived another application from Victoria, and it was now under consideration. The com- mittee reported that nothing definite had been done respecting the permanent location of the Queensland Mission in India. The latest sug- gestion had been received from the Rev. Geo. Kerry, who stated that Pubnah had been named as suitable. It is the Government headquarters of the district, containing a million of people, and four or five Government officials generally live there. Mr. Kerry, however, pointed out that land would have to be bought and mission buildings erected, and two native teachers would have to prepare the way for the ladies. The total cost was estimated at £700, with about £60 a year for the native teachers' allowances. Mr. Kerry suggested that Queens- land and New Zealand should join forces and funds to occupy Pubnah. The New Zealand committee had been communicated with, and the matter will probably be discussed at the forthcoming session of the New Zealand Bap- tist Association. During the year the South Brisbane Church sold some of the articles made by the Zenana class, and a sum of £13 3s. 10d., was received on that account. The Wharf-street Young Women's Mission class has been busy during the year, and will in a day or two hold a sale of goods. Some of our churches have generously given during the year, and during the coming twelve months it is hoped that all will fall into line in this respect. A movement has been initiated so as to secure the visit of a native Christian to the colonies, and to present the claims of India before the churches. Steps have also been taken to obtain maps, illus- trations, and information, so that the mission may be successfully pleaded for before our congregations and Sunday schools. It was deemed advisable during the past year to appoint a committee from the General Com- mittee to conduct matters in connection with the mission. On subjects of minor importance this committee then acted, but when any more important question was dealt with the decisions of this committee were referred to the General Committee for endorsement. The committee concluded as follows:—"Again we have to bring before you the future management of the Foreign Mission. Your committee have now to recommend that a society separate from the association be formed to carry on the work in connection with this mission, and that the association committee be requested to act as a provisional committee for missions until such society is formed." The revised constitution of the association was then carefully considered, and after a few slight amendments, was adopted and ordered to be printed. The meeting closed at 6 p.m., and the dele- gates adjourned for tea. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. On Tuesday evening a public meeting was held in the Wharf-street Church. The presi- dent for the year (Rev. W. Whale) occupied the chair, and was supported by the Rev. C. Bright and a large number of the ministers and delegates. The proceedings opened with devotional exercises in which two or three ministers took part, and the president then, amid loud applause, rose to deliver his inaugural address. The Rev. W. WHALE, who had selected for his subject—" Queensland Baptists, their Principles, Position, and Purposes," said :— Dear Brethren,—I greet you this evening as fellow-labourers in the service of Jesus Christ, and as ministers and messengers of the churches. You have done me the honour in electing me to the presidency of your association, and I am glad to serve you in the freedom of the Spirit of our Lord. To-night we begin the second decade of the history of this association, and our secretary's report will inform you of the progress which has been made, but the work is so great that any achievements of the past must only be as stimulus and stepping-stones to future effort. The respon- sibility of the position of president increases year by year because the demands of the colony are increasing, and the work of the denomination must extend. I have had but two years among you, and that time has been spent in incessant toil, but it has enabled me to study the general religious conditions of the colony and the work of the churches. You have laid upon me the pleasant task of representing your associa- tion at the Jubilee meetings in New South Wales and also at South Australia, and I have thus been brought into contact with the brethren of all the colonies, and have been enabled to form some idea of the work being done and of the men who are leading the Lord's people under the Baptist banner. I may be permitted the privi- lege, from the chair of this association, of thank- ing friends in both the colonies named for such kindness as made the somewhat numerous duties a positive delight, and have laid me under a debt of gratitude which I shall not easily repay. I would also cherish the hope that the benefits, actual and possible, to the common cause in whose interests we were assembled will more than justify the expense and trouble of the ser- vice. This reference to the South brings before my mind the fact that reflex influences are already being felt, for we have with us in our gatherings this year the Rev. C. Bright, pastor of the mother-church of the colonies, and presi- dent of the New South Wales Baptist Union. (We all welcome you, dear brother, both for your personal worth and as represent- ing to us the fraternal spirit of the churches of the union over which you preside.) It is just possible that we are feeling our way to some sort of federation throughout the colonies, and business to that end will be submitted to the session of this association. I have thought you might bear with me for a while this evening, in setting before you the principles, the position, and the purposes of the Queensland Baptists. As to our principles, we hold much in common with all Protestant evangelical denominations. The faith of Christ, the faith once delivered to the saints, is that for which we incessantly con- tend. We believe in the love of God, chiefly expressed in the gift of Jesus Christ for our salvation. We believe in Jesus as the Christ of God, the revelation of God to man ; the effulgence of His glory, and the very image of His substance. We believe in the work of Christ for our salvation as inclusive of His threefold offices of prophet, priest, and king. We believe in the Holy Ghost, the wondrous personality of God working in us to will and to do of His good pleasure. With ever varying modes of expression and with manifold adaptations of ministry and power, we still hold to the theological positions roughly formulated as "ruin by sin, redemption by Jesus Christ, and regeneration by the Holy Spirit." Individuals in the exercise of freedom of thought may deal with these working princi- ples in ways which other individuals may not approve ; but we all hold them as in some sense fundamental to a Christian faith, and the teach- ing and preaching of them as the very essence of a Gospel ministry. These positions we hold in common with all Christians of every name. They are the soul which gives voice and form and power to all our preaching. These truths God has used to revive his people and to extend his cause, and we believe them to be the "power of God unto salvation" to-day, and to all churches holding the substance of the faith we bid a hearty God-speed. But every body has its distinguishing pecu- liarity, the property or principle which differen- tiates from others, and that should not be a small matter, which in these days would justify separate organisation and separate action. Some of us have considered and deplored what seems to be the great waste of power caused by the existence of so many separate organisations, and have won- dered if the number could not be greatly reduced without any limit to freedom of thought or to prudent action. A better distribution of present forces would go far towards supplying Gospel ministry and religious ordinances to the whole population scattered over this huge colony ; but we have begun on Old World lines, and some would consider any radical change in methods and organisations as a reflection on the wisdom of the fathers and founders of their societies and a be- trayal of sacred trusts. The day does not yet dawn on which we shall cease to maintain the historic quibbles and quarrels of the old-time de- nominationalisms. This statement is made not with a view to criticism of others or controversy among ourselves, but simply as a recognition of the facts and circumstances among which we shall have to seek some ground of evangelistic work. Oui dilïcroucos aio not tho chief mattois to bo donlt with, but wo havo somo views of truth which uio not emphasised unless wo add oui sopunto tostunonv us iv íohgious couimumtj Mattois of occlesinstieal law mil mothoils of Kovoinmont mo, to us, of quito namoi miportituco Holding that euch semi ato Church is fioo to niioipret foi it«elf tho law of hboitj, we should not caio to baso oui sepaiate oxisteueo on a con- tention about foulis ot Chuich goveuitueut As nu association wo havo no conflict with Lpiscopuhauism, Picsb)toiiuuism, oi Con iiovioimlism, thoy ma) all bo made part of, oi aiiviliuij to, or co ovistont with Congioga tionalism Each has its o\colloncies nud defect«, and each has its adv autages and disaih antages NVe aio called Baptists, but it vv ould bo nbout ns appropilate, in view of oui special distmctivo peciiliuutj, to cull us Primitivo Methodists, oi Bible Chi istians or Oluistnn Disciples never- theless, vv o accept the vv ord Baptist as a soit of label bj w hieb w o nuj bo sot iu oui propoi placo nmong the pooplo vv ho all ovvu tho Clmst as then Savour Tho w oui "Baptist" lias this uchaiitngo, that it is tho oulj distinctive vv old m tho Now '1 ostamont ipphed to jl man by roason of a special religious act, and the manner of its peiformance But for the namo wo do not coi o to contend, tho moio important position with oui churches is, that nono should bo baptised but tho o who le peut and bobovo the Gospel, and that that oulj is piopeily baptism, which sets foi th, on tho pait of tho baptised ono, a being buned with Chiist and a resurrection lo now ness of life Iho pnu ciplo is nu important one, and tho position ono that wo doom sciipturull) impiegnnblo, and tho pinctico of it is maclo mipoiativo upon us by oin viows of tho examplo, tho teaching and the autliontativo luleislnp of Christ. Baptism is for thoso onl) to whom ropón tunco and faith aio possibilities and experiences to bo tbeiebj declared und professed Pull and faithful testimony to this ti utli e\cludos us moro or loss from all oust- ing denominations, and without îovlowing tho histor) just now, wo mayrougblj stato tint oui viens ou this subject affect to somo extent out testimony on otlioi subjects, and so wo mo found thiovv n info association as " Baptists," and w ork mg on hues vv Inch suit oui goner ii opinions and prnetices I huv o said wo aro thrown into association as Bajitists, but whilst that may bo the ono foatuie v o have m common among ouiaelvcs above and boyoud those which mako us ouo with evan- gelical Cbiistemlom gencrnllj, thoro must bo leesons foi association of a vuacticilas well as ot a sentimental soit NVo mo not a sociated because weam Baptists olso all Baptists vv ould be m association with us, but wo iro associated as Baptists who fcol that thero aio puiposes to servo aud vvoik to bo dono which miij hebest íealiscd and achieved by working m association llio moro distinctly wo undeibtaud that oui association is lor practical puiposes tlio bettoi Nvo place no limit on each othei's freedom of thought, we impose nocieed=,wo do uotmteiforo in matters of pomonal opinion, but vv o hav o joined hands foi vvoik-aggiessive, evaiigehstic, missionary w oi k Brothers, let us faeo this fact, and trj to undoi »tnud vv hat is mv oh ed m oui meetings at tlus annual assembly of munsters nud delegates NVo1 Havo confeiences and busi- ness meetings, and set mons, and speeches but wo do not nnswei tho purposo of our existence unless wo do wotk aud cause vvoik to bo done winch, butfor oui being associated might not bo done so ofiiciontl), and possibly might not bo tlono it ull AVill Cailton said, " Somo mon vv 010 bom for gi oat things, and somo men weie boin foi small, and some-well, it is not ro coidod why thoy weie bom at all " One muht hopo to bo f oigiv on it ho sometimes thought thus of somo chinch members 01 of some ehuiolios, 01 oven of somo associations but I do hone, brethren, that wo aro reaching out towuds a cloaiet recognition of tho fact that we aro heie to talk with a view to woik AYe are told au amusing story of a ttnmp wnoso constant cty was foi woik It is said that ho fell asleep on ono occasion, but woko up suddcul), with a cold sweat standing m great bonds upon his forehead " AVhatovei is the mattet with jou ?"" asked his companion "I havo had ifnghtful dream," ho replied, "I dieamtl was at woik " lhere has boon a long loud ciy for work, and I tiustthat wo may bo guided of God to that winch is light und wiso, and that no souse Of honor will como upon us, but lathei a fcehng of gioat delight wheu v\o can got full) to work Noi should vi o bo content to busy ourselv cs about small things T hero is no need to despise tho day of small things, but there is dangei lest peoplo who should take largo and hbetal viens of tho w ork of God may seek to shield themselves fiom responsibility, and toil, and expenso by doing small things in religion whilst thoy aio attempting gi cat things m othoi depaittnonts of life As au association wo might accomplish all wo aim at, but then om aim would bo possiblv nltogotboi low and unwoithy of oui professions of faith and lovo Iho late Aichbishop Whatoloy, describing commonplace ptouohois, said "In I their soruioiiB thoy aim at nothing, and hit it" Bo not yo thoicfoio hko uuto them, but lathei seek foi that faith which plucks up tioes aud casts mountains into tho sea, for bo )0 vieil assured that accoidiug to your faith so shall it bo uuto ) ou Siuce " all things aro possible to lum that bohevoth," lot us all joiuin the much needed jua) oi, "Loid, mcieoso oui faith " Look out on oui hold of sorvico, not to speak at pre'ont of tho woik begun m ludia, but only le gaidnn» that which may bo called Homo Mission AVoik lot me draw youl attention to oui latgo and linpoitunt sphere Wo havo in Queensland a country whoso length is 1210 milos, and whoso breadth loaches to 910 miles A\o have a coast hue of iooO milos, and an inca of land of O78,o00 square milos, oi neaily 135,000,000 of acres A compaiutivo statement is best for my puiposo and heucol would just say that wo have hore a toin toiy tw olvb times tho si/o of England and AArulos On this hugo atea wo havo only somo 320,000 peoplo, and heneo tho difficulty of sustaining chuichosinfar oil and vei) sparsely poimlntcd distnots Of this small population oui agencies do not leach even nominally moie than about 100,000, and these nie in tho neighbourhoods of Bnsbano, Ipswich, loowoomba, Maiyboiough, and lioekhiunpton Whilst gi ttef lilly recognising tho gradual giowth of tho nuuiboi of chuiches and mombciship m oui association, we mustsuiely deplore that so little u> dono to boni oui paît in tho gi eat work of evangelising QueeitbLud Thoio ato several largo towns whoiowo ought to havo boon w oi king long smco, but foi tho fact that fnonds who should havo homo their testi- mony biavoly havo sought shcllot from the aiduoui and troublosomo task of initiating i Baptist movement, by lulling mto muk whoio they luivo found easiei soiv lee, and also that otu association has hoon so ill supplied w ith money mid mon that it has beon uuublo to faco tho duty of tin listing out agencies where there havo boen both room mid need foi thom How long w ill it bocio otu brethren havo tho coiungo of thou convictions nnd will have thoir light on a candle- stick instead of mulei a bushol, and how Ion' will it bo ote wo eui oflot aid to thoso who wiii uudoitinto tho noblo pioueoiwork by which tho spiritual history of this colony shall bo mudo bughtoi tmd moie blessed I do not think it piudont lo advocate tho special olmms of in) one place o\oi anothpi, but thoro no at* leust si\ coutres w Inch ought at oucO to bo occupied, aud if oin brethren in business will find us tho fiuuii cinl holp, wo will seek out the humau agents foi this ltnpoitnut woik Poi ovoiy month that liasses without theso positions beiug entered upon, thoso who havo means unconscciated to God's soi vice must tako responsibility, auel ovory month increases tho neeossity and tlio difficulty of tho woik Are thoio nono among us who can uso to the occisión and chum tho glonous puvilogo of being " vv oikeis togothei with God" in this mattoi ? Aie there not mon of keon business abilities who will lay their business on the altar as an oflonug to God, and a bouodichon to mau ? Aie thoio no well oducatod, tuto-heaitod, earnest, wholo soulod, gifted hrothionwho would " scorn de- lights, and hvo labonous dins," bo as to write thou miine mto tho histoty of God's woik in Queensland ? Is it not sliamof ul that prof ossod follow ors of Jesus will stoio aw ay then w ealth and louvo tbo woik of God to languish, and souls to pensh ? How w ill it look at the day oi judg mont w hou the f not is iov oalod that somo w ho piofess to havo hoon ledeemod b) the precious blood of Jesus, and to have giv on linn thou hearts, hav o spout moro on a party or ball for ono e\ on mg than thoy havo givonfor tho salvation of souls lu a ) oat { Is it tiuo that moio has been spout on a usoleä3 and injurious luxuiy than would maintain ii ptcachei of tho woid, mid then that tho excuso of povoity has boon offoiol ns a reason foi not helping to send foi tit tlio evoi lasting Gospel i I judgo no man, but lot us eaeh judge himsolf, aud soo how honest sclf-o:>.amina tion w ill put this mattoi before us Ltlo is tai too short to kool) ou m au aimless and hiuguid nsso ciatioualism, aid £1000 eousociatod to Gods woik now would bo of valuo boyoud calculation, mid fur reaching in ltiflueuco ov ei goneiations of futtiio Colombia Bofoio leaving this paît of ni) subject, lot mo justsav that wo mo veiy thankful loi wouls of sympath) aud for pi onuses of pi a) or lheso havo then place, but vi hat wo want iust now is fiom £ >00 to £1000 avon foi a fow )cini so that wo may send foi th bei aids of tho glad tidings to perishing men, into all patts of this laigo field lu winch oui lot is cast It is be)Oiidmonsuio to bo regretted that Bnptists ni Dugluud have boen almost alono in not having sent mouelniy help to thoso mission fields, and wo hold that tlioj must simio tho lespousibtlitv of otu back waid condition, whilst othoi Chiistmn woil ors havo gonofoith into tho haivest sus fnvnod b) tho geneious aid of English s)nipa tinsels AVhother it is too luto foi otu friends at homo to redeem the timo by aiding us to go foi - wuid into moro places oi with bottei equipment I cannot siy, but thoso who have capital invested in and ure di iwing wealth fiom Queensland, whethet m Luglaud, A'lctouit, oi an) othoi place, ought to ask somo serious questions as to what is being douo foi the souls of the people lins ulso is tiuo for thoso m Queen land who aio gaming w ealth and not doing religious dut) AYo do not ask funds foi fancies of our own, noi for display m buildings oi soi vices but wo want to soudtho bread of hfo to peoplo who mo polishing with huugei Lot thoso who want fnucios pu) foi thom Pcihnps v ou w ill boar w ith moa fow momeuts whilst tho forées now m tbo field mareil p ist foi roviow, and so that w o may see what is nvatlablo foi such unpoitiiut soiMCO m so lal go a hold AVc hav o now in tho association sixteen oluirclios, and tw out) -ono munon stations, and 10S0 members The mission stations foi the most part represent woik dono by tho chuiches with which thoy mo connected, nnd not ntnll powei for doing the extension woik at a- distauco to w Inch I hav o airead) íofonod Two oi tbroo of the chuiches ma) bo supposod to hav o somo abiht) to holp in w oik bov oud their own immediate cuelo of efioits Soi oral of tho churches winch put foith eflort foi tlio woik of the association mo nobly stiugghug lo mointaui tho oidmauces of religion mid tho uinistrj of tho wold amougthemselv es w llliout coming on Association funds Of tho churches outsido the Brisbano district all are doing good woik, not onl) in then respectivo congiogntions, butovei mm) mile»of coimti\ - this is ospecjall) ti no of 1 oon oomb 1 and'Iusw ich Tho»o two places havo received von littlo financial aid duiiug tlio )enr. and havo done uobly, but the) with Rockhampton audM ii) borough hav o requited a littlo assist mee All, except Manboiough, willpiobiblv now bo nblo to caro foi themselves and will require ud oui) foi real mission work perhips not even foi this, so earnest aio our brethren to do what tho) can V,itliMaivboiotighnsoiu onl) depeudonc) wo ma) hopo to look at now fields, but wo hav o airead) Faul that there uro oui) two oi throo chinches but what require nil the) eau latso L tiley some exceptional gouetostty bo show n, w e do not seo that oui fluids me equ ii to so vast au euteipnse But there are people in somo of thoso centres who want to havo the nimistivof tho vi Old md the) would do something, and thoio aio men milong us who, when thoy see and under- stand the nee 1 and dut) of tlio horn, will not bo found w lutmg, but will feel that thov havo a vocation to got money and give foi that winch concerns tho gloiy of Chust and the good of mankind I miiko ni) app"nl to \ ou from tho dum of tins ossocmtion Brethren, ministers, md delegates, officci s of and w orkcrs m the churches, lot us lay ouiselvesufiesh upon tho altar, that w o may not hv o unto oui seh es but unto Him w ho di ed for us And lot us pray tho Lord of tho harv ost to thrust out three, four five, or sit meit, fitted for aud consecrated to His sei vico m such places as ma) bo open to them m Queensland Let us also pm) to Him w lioso is tho sill ei and Iho gold, and vi ho gncth tho powei to men to got wealth, that Ho may graciously more the hoaits of His stewards, BO that they shall count it a privilege and shall avail themselves of a present opportu- nity to offer gifts at the sbrino of the holy child Jesus. Do wo not need nlso to pray for unity of spirit and liveluiess of sympathy in this work among all the members of tho churches and upon tho committeo of the association. Then let us osnross tlio faith wo havo iu the promises of God, and the pity wo feel for our less favoured fellow men, mid tho lovo wo profess towards our blessed Redeemer, by going in to possoss tho land for the honour of King Jesus and tho credit of the Bap- tist Association. " AVo cannot all be heroes, And thrill a hemisphere A\rith somo great daring venture Somo deed that monks at fear ; But wo can fill a lifetimo AVith kindly acts and true ; Thoie's always noblo service For uoblo souls to do. Wo cannot all be preaohers, And sway with voice or pen, As strong winds sway tho forest, The minda and hearts of mou; But wo can be ovaugols To souls within our teach ; There's always love's own Gospel Por loving hearts to preach. AVe cannot all be martyrs, And win a deathless namo Bv some divine baptism, Some ministry of flamo ; But wo can livo for Truth's Bake, Can do for her and tiaro ; There's always faithful witness Por faithful lives to bear." MASON. Tho rov. gentleman resumed his seat amid prolonged applause. The Rov. Oiuiuyns BUIOUT, of Sydney, who waa very cordially greeted, next addressed tho largo audienoo. Ho convoyed kindly messagos from tho Baptists of Sydney, and especially from the widow of tho lato Rev. James Voller, to tho Baptists of Brisbane. Ile referred to sevoral points in the president's address, and gavo some account of tho manner in which £2000 had been raised by tho Now South AValos Baptist Association during thoir recent Jubilee celobrationa. At first the meetings in aid of tho Jubilee Thanksgiving Fund wera rather slow and flat, but gradually tho enthusiasm in- creased, until at ono meeting a gentleman offered £500. Other largo donations followed, until at that mooting alono nearly £2000 was raised. Mr. Bright then addressed himsolf moro particularly to tho subjoot of the four Gospels of the Now Testament. During tho oveningMrs. G.n. Buzacott sang tho sacred solo " Consider the Lilies," and Mr. Simmouds contributed "The Lost Chord." A collection and devotional oxeroises closed tho day's proceedings. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2. A devotional meeting was hold at 10 a.m., presided over by tho Rev. W. niglott. At 11 o'clock a conference on missions was hold, Mr. Geo. Grimes occupying tho chair. After a cordial woleomo had boen oxtonded to Mr. Artinélol, of Now South AValos, an addresa was delivered by tho Rov. W. POOLE on tho Zenana Mission. During his remarks he said bo thought the condition of tho women in India, justified thom in taking up this extra burdon. If unwilling to retruco their Bteps thoy must look at what lay boforo thom, for thoy had not reached tho btandard with which thoy sot out. At presont they had only one missionary, and thoy noeded to send anothor, and also to build a mission station. As to the claims of tlio work it spoke for itself. In ten years the, native Christians in India had inoreased 86 : per oent, or from 320,000 in 1871 to 530,000 in '1881. Thoy would be recreant to tho memory of the old Baptists of Kettering, to Carey, Puller, Marsh man, and Ward if thoy did not go forward. Missionary cntorpriso always had a reaction upon the churches, and ho urged them not to abate a single effort in any work at homo, yot to endeavour to fulfil tho mission of Christ in all the world. '>'..i," The Rev. AY. WHALE said'iflie difiorenco botwoen home and foreign' mission work was ono of geography and not of principio. With his present viows of Queensland ho did not regard tlio question from the same standpoint as ho did in England. If it was wrong in principio they must go baok ; but it was only one of discretion in the ohoioo of field. The decision, howovor, had beon made, and oven if thoy had blundered, it would bo a still greater blunder if thoy loft a field aheady occupied. Tho Rov. 0. V. YOUNO, the .ÇIIAIIIMAN, tile Revs. J. KiNOSroiiD, C. Bmajiij nud Mr. M'LEOD also addressed tho mooting ^vhiqh WOB closed with tlio benediction. At tlio invitation of Mr. R. Gailoy, tho ministers and delegates took dinner in the Y.M.O. A rooms. AKTEIMTOO:? SKSSKBT. The ministers and dolegatos met at <2:30, tlio president occupying the chair. The letters from the ohurohos were read, and also a letter of greeting from tho New South Wales Association. After the annual finanoial report had boen read by tho Ecorotary, tho election of officers was proceeded with, resulting as follows : President, Rov. W. Whale ; vice-president, Mr. W. Richor ; treasurer, Mr. James Grimes ; general secretary, Mr. G.H. Buzacott ; finance secretary, Rov. R. H. Roberts ; committee, Messrs. G. AArariow, R. Renton, W. Hicks, J. Storie, J. Jcnyns, II. Urquhart, B. J. Wilson, A. Street, S._ Denham, R. Gailoy, A. A. Grimes, W. Knight, and pastors of tlio churohes and tho past oflioors of tho association; auditors, Messrs. W. Hall and A. Sands ; Committeo of Advice, Revs. W. Whale, AY. V. Young, J. Kingsford, and Messrs. AV. Ball, E. Gregory, G. Grimes, and A. Street. It was dooided to hold the next half-yearly meeting at Jireh Church, and the annual meoting at Wharf-streot. Tho Rov. AV. WHALE moved, and tho ROT. AV. POOLE seconded, and it was carried, "That wo fcol deeply humbled to know that thero aro sovoral large and inoreasiug popula- tions in this colony without any evangelising or pastoral caro of this nssooiation ; that we hereby roBolvo to uso our influence with our respectivo churches to aid in supplying the ministry of the AA7ord, and in forming churches in aocordanco with our principles among these populations ; that the incoming committeo bo instructed to seek for suitable brethren, and to place them in suoh localities! and positions as they seen best adapted for to the end abovo proposed; that the AA'brking Committee bo instructed to take immediato steps for raising the necessary funds for this needful work." Mr., WHALE also moved a resolution to the effect that in view of the mission work in India already carried on, and its probable increase and ostensión, it was deemed desirable that a separate missionary society should be formed ; that it should bo independent of the association as to management ; and that it should moot its own liabilities and take all responsibility for foreign mission work. In connection with this ^notion, which was seconded by Mr. POOLE and carried, tho committee were in- structed to invito cneh church to form an auxiliary and to appoint representatives to meet and draw up a constitution, the snuio to bo submitted to the churches for .approval. On the motion of Mr. WHALE, seconded by Mr. AVinTE, it was decided that it should ha an instruction to the incoming committee to appoint a Sites and Building Committee and to establish a Sites and Building Fund, with a view to carrying out the committee's duties : also,- to loan money, with or without interest, to approved building cases, to be re- payable in ten years. It was decided, on the motion of Mr. POOLE, -"That it is desirable that tile association should seek ont Homo Mission students for training for the ministry, and that the com- mittee should proparo a scheine of education and control tobo submitted at the annual meet- ing ; and in the meantime the committee shonld have power to undertake the education of any student if found practicable." AYith reference to tho relief and superannua- tion of ministers, it was decided that the in- coming committee should be instructed to appoint a small committee to consider tho matter, and to submit a report to the Goneral Committee not less than three months beforo next annual meeting. Mr. G. H. BUZACOTT gavo notice of motion for the appointment of two representatives to represent the colony in an intercolonial council which is to deliberate on general matters affect- ing the Church. Tho motion was considered of Buch importanco that it was referred to the Q-ralComnütteeforcoirsiderafion.rlr The vT:^^^ annual nieeting of the a6So°n¡TtÍon ^¡i ti» caUy brougl/to .te*«; practil meeting last night. Thn tS. teft uad Pubhe ^'Protestant Hall,and waTa^8 W¿ >»dS fully 300 being present. AfteM» 8I«ts»«etí, ment was made to the WW lSU adJou«> ^here tho publio meoÄf? churci. attendance was very coori »":? -Tr place- Tli_ occupied tlie chair.*TheÄ1Mr- R- GailJv W. Whale) introduced tte ^T (tha fe? spoke of his remembrancer of t__8_T' Wa° the association existed, and ho, !/(°,rk befo« session would hnv« "V"_T110Pe? them-ewn* Hov.Oiua.BianinTAo1.» , humorous anecdotes, spokeoi<^ß6ev«al reqiured. Therew-s on^dW^*-* they might say showed °JCrtk whi "S? ??rt, S^neá favour, but*_,'* Üw other tonds of work about J^.6 Wera was no show, which required " hl_h the«¡ sel -sacrifice orsomethirf|wTuJdS0°d deal «" budding a houso, besideV7h" gi?ron&\- ^ were men in the quarre__dI (ftltcct ül«o They had hoard1 tha? the * ^ f°undati(»> built without the sound of "f* bad be« heard, but although there wL Lanun« being it was being erecfed there" V? _?d *_*5 hammers in the quarries J^ I 60UIld of work of thochurchqvvaTs?rnaLLfcn- ^ and in Now South NVu"f rLH0?* colonv deal of quarrying and Wini- y httd a ^ groeable work, whioh vers- 7"1 , dl>a touch, because' there woT ¡ZJ-Vh P"*1 * .which caused thom to ahak^AA v* done, and what thoy wanted ¿ftobe to bring themselves to _fc-__J° JT had given to oveiT "." "T'?"1 G<><1 a special work to do, which ii\1L womua would be left ______and(ï^W ?_**>. thom responsiblo C, alS* look at tho oircumstancs offo-S^-^îît0 of generations back, and to do th^Mv T most earnest desire was that who« he X '* it might be said of him, "There ^1 eü"° who did his duty.» He -*ÄC__Ä the work, or how great the saciÄeS and would rather dio at bis nont ihn-Ti .' face from the foo. Ile __Ä^Ä t rnTín ^ W',?00m *-*> an earnest appeal to those present to consecrate their powerS wealth to tim causo of Christ, and A C severalsumshad beenpromisod towards the fund for Home Missions, establishedfor the purWo supplying centres with minister.. He differed from somo of his brethren who thought S might appeal to Groat Britain ; but ho ar»ull that with our Mount Morgan and other wealth tho credit of QuecnslaiAomandeI hi "I should do it ourselves. A ooUeotion was then taken up on behalf of the funds of tho association, after which Jin, G. M. Buzacott sang " Angols ever bright and fair," receiving well-merited applause Tho Eev. NV. NVIIALE prefaced his remarks by an amusing anecdote of tlio Iiov. Mi' Chin man. Ile asked the question whothor the as'so oiation was to exist as a talking institution or a working mstitution ? If ho thought tho pa state of affairs was to continue ho would never say another word on behalf of the association Sympathy and praj'ers wero good, butthey wanted more. Thoy wanted five or six men to work in districts now unonred for, nnd five-and twonty other men to work when they could get them. Thoy required £500 per year for hie years as a minimum in orderte get at the work Ho impressed upon them tho faotthatif thero was a loader thero must bo followers. The minister was tho leader, and tho neople should not only follow him, but keep up with him. Ho promised a donation of £50 to tlio fund for meeting tlio wants of unsupplied districts, and made au earnest appeal to his listeners to con- tribute. Mr. Wlialo's appeal was followed by tho Rev. J. Kingsford promising a subscription. Others follovvod, until tho total amount sub- scribed and promised waa equal to £112 2s. por annum for fivo years, and £15 ia the ehapo of donations. Votes of thanks wero accorded to the chair- man and to all who had aided in tho meetings, and tho meeting olosed with praverby tlio Her« Mr. Whale. " 