MR SPURGEON'S SECES SIONS. ? v ? ~ The following short article ia from the New York Christ:an Union of November 10\. and will be found worthy of con sideration : — Mr Spurgeon is, to-day, ia the wideness of his reputation, if not In the extent of his influence, one of the foremost preachers in the Protestant Church. When such a man urjfli^raipa frrtm tfia nnnarAnf ht»1 visible fellowship of his brethren in -the ministry, the event creates naturally no little excitement, and is ordinarily one of no little significance. Mr Spurgeon has not withdrawn from the Baptist denomi nation, but from the Baptist Union, a voluntary association of Baptist ministers and laymen. TTia action in this respect reEeasbles in its ecclesi astical character and effect Mr Beecher'e withdrawal from the Congrega tional Association of New York and Brooklyn some years before his death. Here, however, the resemblance ceases. Mr Beecher withdrew becinse he was so far progressive in his theology that bis views were unsatisfactory to some of his fellow-members, and. ho withdrew in the interest of peace. Mr Spurgeon with draws because his views are more conser vative than th^sa of miny of his fellow msnAaia, and he vitb.cira-vrs aa a means of bearing witness against what he regards as very serious theological errors. Mr Spurgeon is a curious admixture, a double personality — a seventeanth century man in thought, a nineteenth century man in action. He is a great admirer of the early Puritan divines ; his library is rich in their works upon theology and upon Biblical interpretation. He has lived in this atmosphere of Puritan thought, and from it has drawn the material for his own theological thinking and teaching. In the aggre&aive; spirit of the nineteenth century, in its missionary zeal, in its endeavor to apply religious truth to every-day experience, he Is emphatically a man of the nineteenth century ; but in theological thought he is a child of and belongs to the seventeenth century. Such a man almost inevitably looks upon the wide and growing diver gencies of thought from the philosophic forms in which it was formerly held as a divergence from Christian truth and prin ciple i nor ia he at all able to interpret that -divergence. That he has correctly Interpreted his brethren in the ministry in his description of ' professed orthodox Christians holding union with those who deny the faith, call the fall of man a fable, and deny the personality of the Holy Ghost,' we do not for a moment believe, and we speak with some knowledge of the sentiments and opinions of the liberal men ia the Baptist Church, both in England .and America ; his portraiture of their sentiments comes no nearer the original than Dr. Boardmsn's por traiture of New Theology at the Springfield meeting— a portraiture which evoked Indignant protest from the men to whom ne naa imputed sucn an extraordinary and chaotic Byatem. We have no doubt that Mr Spurgeon describes what he sees; bnt what he sees is a creation of his own brain. That the progressive ministry in all denominations hold different views re specting both inspiration and atonement from those which Mr Spurgeon finds in the Puritan divines of the seventeenth century we do not doubt ; but that they hold that the world is saved by the sacrifice of Christ, and that the revelation of that sacrifice as the ground of the world's salvation is set forth in the Christian Scriptures, Is absolutely certain. Mr Spurgeon's withdrawal from the Baptist Union Is chiefly significant because it Indicates that in England a man of even Mr Spurgeon's well-earned strength of influence cannot Etay the pro gressive human thought and the set par pose of Christian men to reconcile their religious philosophy with the best Intel lectual life of the present age. The attempt is as futile, we may add, in America as Mr Spurgeon has found it in Great Britain^ ? 