The Novelist. .Spirited sAway. IN 'THREE CHATTiiftS. (timbers1 s.J Cexpiee H.-Coriitiutd. Some gpo outside apparently opened a pair of gates by this time; wo went through, . passed forward a little way farther at a walk ing pace, and then 6&mo; to a final btand. Before tke deft fingers of JI. Legros had effectually bandagod my eyes. The carriago door was now opened, and one of my compan ions, giving mo nia hand, helpod mo to alight, and then lea me forward. - There was an ascent of three or four steps, and then I felt that I bad passed out of the cold night-air, into the wanner atmosphere of a house. A minute later my eyes were nnbandagod, and, better still, the gag was removed from my mouth. I found myself in a large and elegantly furnished room, lighted by a lamp on the centre table and by candles in the girandoles over the chimneypiooe. . A wood fire burnt*! cheerfully in the grate. Standing with his back to it, and watching my look of amazement with an amused, cynical smile, was AT. Legros. We were alone. " I hope you feel none the worse for your little journey?" he said. We shall have a longer ono to take presently, so I think the best thing we coin do is to make duo prepara tion for it." ' " Another journey!" I stammered. "Where to this time?' . "That you will learn when the proper time arrives," he answered dryly. "Aid Kararieh-will he aocompany us ?" lasted. . "Ah, bah! Why trouble yourself about Karavioh?" ho demanded with a contraction of ilia brows. " He is nothing to you, nor you to him." Then a moment later he added, almost'as if speaking to himself: "Bat yes; . « cher Kara-rich will accompany us certainly. : We cannot afford to leave him behind." At - this juncture a servant appeared with a tray containing* a cold chicken together with other comestibles. This was supplemented by a second tray on which were coffee, wines, and liquors. " Come," said Legros with a smile, as he sat down on a chair which the man had placed for him, "let us'make our selves what you English call jolly." "Jolly2" I ejaculated with a miserable attempt at a laugh. " Tin likely to feel jolly under such circumstances as these!" "Why not?" he demanded blandly. "Ah, msx enfant, -fchezi you have lived as long as I have, you will have learnt that the truest philosophy is to enjoy the present whilo you can, aim leave the future to take care of itself. Sit, and let me assist you to a wing of this fowl; or wh&t; say you to this mayonnaise ? It looks as if it might tempt an anchorite." I am not hungry; I cannot eat." ' " Foolish boy! Remember you havo a long .old journey before you. Try, at least, a couple, of these <saviaro sandwiches." I shook my head. " I will take a cup of coffee, nothing more." H. Legros pulled the ends of his moustache, but made no further attempt to* persuade me; BO," while I sat and ripped my coffee, he went on with his supper-if supper it could be called. . He vj-as a quick eater, and in a few minutes he ? rose and pushed back his chair. 1 After the servant left the room, except for the opening or shutting of a distant door once or twice, no sounds from without were audible. I neither heard nor saw anything either of Karavich or the others. But scarcely had 21\. Legros risen from the table when once more we heard the noise of wheels-the noise as of some heavy vehicle, which, after being \- driven slowly up to the house, came to a halt. In the hush -which followed, one could hear the pawing of horses on the. gravel and the champing of their bits. I noticcd that my companion was listening as intently as I was. " I must ask you to remain here till I rejoin you," he said presently. "I shall not be more than & few minutes away;" and with that he smiled, nodded, and left the room. I had plenty of food for thonght during his absence; but readers who have followed me thus far will scarcely need to bo enlightened as. to the tenor of my reflections. They wero anything but comforting. Scant time was, however, afforded me for perplexed broo dings. .Presently, a distant door seemed to open, hud then came the balf-hushed sound of the foot steps of several people advancing aioag the . coiridor into which the door of my room . opened, then passing the door itself, and then . being gradually lost in the distance. The men, . whoever they might be, walked slowly and carefully and as though they were carrying some heavy burden. A few moments later I . could distinguish the voices of several people talking in low. tones outside the house. STy curiosity overmastered my prudence. The room had two windows, both of them having Venetian blinds, now closely shut, and, in addition, long heavy curtains that reached to the 'ground. Crossing quickly to ono of the windows, I stepped behind tho curtain, and then, cautiously raining one of the laths of the blind a little way, I peered through the cre vice. The sight which met my eyes was one that might well make the blood of a braver man than I profess to be run cold. The fog had cleared away, and by the aid of the star light I could just make out what seemed to me the outlines of a hearse, with a pair of horses, standing a few yanls away in the courtyard or 'space of ground * whifch fronted the house. While I was still staring at this grim appa rition, a couple of men carrying lighted lan terns appeared on tho wono; then I saw clearly that the object I hal Ikjcij gazing at was indeed a hearse, but denuded of its plurnc*. But scarcely had I time to note thin, when a procession of some half-dozen inen appeared, walking two and two, and carrying on their fchouiders something long, black, and heavy. Jfor one moment I was puzzled, and then the I dread certainty flashed upon nie that tiie burden I they bent under wasa coffin, but not an empty one.4 When they 6ame within tho dim circle of lwht out by the lanterns, it became painly visiblo. I could bear no more. I let the blind drop, and turned away with a cold rick dread at my heart, such as I had never felt before. Had a murder just been perpe trated under that silent roof, and if so-- ? A dozen ghastly questions stirged through my .brain, not one of which I was able to answer. A few minutes later I heard, through my half dazed senses, the hearse move away a little dis tance, and a second veiiiclo drivo up arid take its place. Then in came AL J .eg-ros in his over coat and hat. " All is ih readiness for the second stage of our journey^" he said, as ho rubbed his chilled hands for a few moments over tho fire. X did not answer him. Ho looked sharply at me, and as ho did so a cold, dangerous glitter came into his eyes. His gaze travelled to the window, and then back to my face» and then he muttered something undet his btcath that sounded like a malediction. Ho was still bend ing over the grate; but when next his eyes met mine all trace of annoyance had vanished. "You look as white, my friend, as if you Lid just,seen a ghost,ho remarked with that inscrutable smflo of his. "You have gone too long without food. Itowever, there's no time now. Here, drink this," ho added; and with that he crossed to tho table and poured out a small glass of gome sort of liqueur. I took it mechanically and drank it. Then Legros handed me the fur-lined cloak and my hat, and then he said, " Once more, and I hope for tho last time." With that ho produced the silk "muffler and bandaged my eyes; then taking me by the hand, he lod mo from the room. 