The Philosophy of Fancy Dress Balls, Ynti, thoro is u philosophy in Fancy Dross Balls if tho gliosis would only oscltow anachronisms nnd ho guided by tho counsel of antiquarians. Tho English Fancy Dross Ball differs in many fospoots from tho oontinontal Jh(l u\fun([iia. In tho lattor ladios and gontlomon assumo masks for tho oxptess purpose of indulging in boisterous gaioty without their identity boing more than suspootod ; in tho former tho characters assumed ai'o supposed to illustrate history. In the lattor amusement is the only object; in the former amusement is intended to be combined with instruction. Lot us explain our moaning by oltlng a recent notable example. Bo historically accurate was Lady Loch's costume of Queen Ell/.nbeth at tho Vioo-Itogal Jubilee Ball that slio might have stopped I'rom the pages of Maoauloy. As one looked at her regal figure, attired in ruff nnd farthingale, visions of tho golden ago of English history floated before tho mental vision. There, In the gardens of Hampton Court, I)/ the ban Us of the Thames, was the virgin Queen surrounded by the most brilliant olrolo of states men, warriors and poets, that the world lias over soon. .Essex and Durleigh, .Leicester and Ita lolgh, Howard and Drake, Sponsor and Davenant aro among the uudionoo wlio are wituossing the performance of the Queen's players on the stage of an at jYtmut theatre. Tlio play In Hamlet Prlnoo of Denmark, and the author appears in his groat part of the ghost, Suddenly you oateli a glimpse of Queen Mary of Weotland in the gay throng, and the scene changes I'rom the ^mock tragedy at Hampton Court to tho real, one enaeted at the Castle of Fothorlnguy. In the court yard Is erected a rude platform, and grouped upon it are Mary Stuart and the few remaining friends who hare romnined faithful unto death. Standing a little apart is the grim figure of the headsman leaning upon his axe, which is pre sently to sever the fair frail head from the body -ofi^ithe Queen of Scotland nnd of Franco. The blow falls, the head with its wealth of soft brown hair, threaded with silver, falls on the bare boards, and the rioh blood of the Stuarts •Japped by a little dog ■ 'Lapped by a dog—Gfo think of It In silence and alone ; Then weigh against a grain of sand The glories of a throne. Are these musings too sacl? Then turn to this stalwart forester, in jerkin of Lincoln green, fresh from the glades oE Slierwood Forest. It is Bobin Hood, tho friend of our boyhood, the bravo yooman of Ivanhoo, the type of tho Com mons of England in tho turbulent days of King John, and i Biolmrd Ccour de Lion, when the blood of Norman and Saxon was beginning to mingle in one common stream. On his arm is tho boautiful Duchess of Devonshire, who has just stoppod from Gainsborough's pictures, and wo are reminded of tho days when our groat grandmothers toolc snuff and wore patches, Closo by, Cores, tho Goddess of Harvest, is chatting merrily with a mortal in tho guise of a oitizon of the French Revolutionary period ; and in the snmo sot of quadrilles Catlierino of Arragon is sinking sootarian differences in n friondly conversation with the Puritan daughtor of Oliver Cromwell. Holon MeGrogor is impressing upon Frodorick tlio Sooond of Prussia tho superiority of Gaelic ovor Gorman ; and Sara, Duohoss of Marlborough, is recalling romiuisoonoos of .Blenheim and Mal plaquet for tho bonofit of a subaltern in tho Victorian Mountod .Rifles, Cicsur Augustus is asking Amy Robsart to wait/, ; Margucrito of Vulois graciously eondosconds to accept tho dutiful homage of a provincial Mayor. Thoso are but a few illustrations of what may bo learnt from a fancy dross ball, whon ladies and gentlemen take tho troublo to dress tho characters which they assumo. Wo must, protest, however, against tho meaningless costumes which are sup posed to represent tho seasons, and such like abstract idoals. Tho pages of history, nnoicnt and modern, are full of picturesque characters, suited to all sorts and conditions of men ; and it would bo difficult to imagine any more fas cinating method of acquiring useful knowlodgo. 