' THE NOVELIST. THE GHOST OF 23X3Xj>X>357d There was oiTtfthing about these ghostly ^ippeafances rather significant. They were very generally made to but one individual, sometimes to two, but never to three or more. Several companies of half a dozen people liad waited hour after hour, but his ghostship never favoured them with a sight of himself. This kindled a little suspicion in the minds of some that the whole thing was a trick. It showed, at all events, that the ghost *-'as aiot a very brave one. Walking late in Dimpleton Lane one starlit night, some three or four weeks after the postman's scare, and for the moment quite oblivious of the circumstance, it was yddenly recalled by a figure in tlie road uiug slowly towards me. For an instant 1 felt my flesh creep, a •strange shiver passed over me, and my teeth chattered as from-ague. But having reasoned myself long ago out of all belief in ghosts aitid goblins 1 soon recovered self-possession and began to observe this thing of the night. It was clad .in a shroud from top to toe. Hands and face seemed all aglow, as with a (hidden tire. And the eyes shone out of their iiollow sockets With a brilliant, unearthly light, I «itood and waited for the apparition to approach me. Seeing me do this it briskened its pace for a few steps, then slackened again, and finally halted a few yards from where I stood. After facing me a few seconds it begun to retreat sideways, keeping it horrible eyes still upon me. It struck me, however, that the footfall was rather too heavy for a ghost. For ghosts, like the gods, are shod vith wool. \The suspicion thus raised was increased by some other unghosf.-iike movement. Im mediately I darted forward, .with .outstretch" ed hands, intent on proving ny suspicion- But, as I djd so, the. thing vanished through the hedge with a, wild, unearthly laug!.. Fir.ding a break in the h'Vige where the ghost-had disappeared I passed through, and ••• -.:ed round but could see . othing of it. Then I peered into +he boshes that were near, and poked them with my' stick. But there was no ghost in them. ]t had utterly vanished, and 1 was alone ! I was completey puzzled. Was I mistaken after -all? Were all my sneers at the superstitions of others -and my scorn of ghosts groundless ? Did the spirits from tlie unseen world revisit at times " the glimpses of the moon " to warn or plague poor erring mortals ? And yet I felt sure I heard the ring of a human voice through that uncanny laugh, and that the tread was not light enough for -a fiend, according to popular ideas of ghostly ways. 1 had been effectually bajned, however, in some strange way. I went home and to b'ed, but only to pass a restless, dream)' night, amid shrouded forms, spectral faces, and wild laughter. Morning brought a more sober view of things. For daylight is a wonderful dispeller of ghostly fancies. They shrink away at the voice of chan + i-cleer as he salutes the dawn. Even the royal ghost of Elsinore, bent on revealing a foul murder, faded on the crowing of the cock.' : I resolved to keep my night's adventure to myself and see further. I thought it expedient to be quiet-for 'awhile, lest the ghost should take itself off altogether and leave the mystery unsolved. CHAPTER II. A night came at length when [ thought I might make another ateempt with a chance of success. For it was reported that the ghost had been seen again by a servant at Dimpleton House who had fainted at the sight of the white horror. So putting on a long "ulster" and a close-fitting cap—a contrast to the dress I wore on the previous occasion—and armed with a stout-stick, I sallied out in the direction of Dimpleton. Lane, which was not far from my residence. 1 had previously arranged for Lion to be let loose at the sound of my whistle. Lion was a grand brute, half mastiff and half bloodhound. He had been with ine from a puppy ; had. become my daily companion; and was trained to answer every call. Strangely enough he was not with me at my first encoudter with the ghost, or the'mystery would soon have been cleared. Not a single person knew of my design And the orders about Lion were so often given that they awakened no curiosity on this particular occasion. Reaching Dimpleton Lane. I sauntered slowly along as a'-f for an after-supper stroll. As I neared the.haunted place, I quickened my pace and whistled a tune, as if to keep my c.urage up. Just then an owl began to hoot, there was a slight rustle in the hedge, and then—the ghost I It was only a few yards awav, and stood for a second or two staring at me with its hollow eyes, which, as before, sent out a lurid light, not so much from the eye itself as from the surrounding parts. I slackened a little, but did not stop, much to the wonder of the ghost, which began to retire, finally turning rouud and making for the point of its previous disappearance. I rushed after and reached the gap just as the th;«£ swept through. I followed and bade it «top ; but was answered by the wild yell I had heard before. .'" ' We were now on the open field, .though under the shadow of an overhanging wood, to a distant part of which the ghost was rapidly making its way. The white shroud,, however, revealed every -movement and saved me from being baulked a second time. 1 grasped my stick firmly and rushed on. 1 found myself gaining ground. In another instant I. had clutched the ghost by the arm. The glaring eyes turned upon me, and the lips once more broke int-o that unearthly laugh. But in spite of a vague feet-ling of terror 3 kept my hold. We struggled, and, in struggling, fell. • The muscular strength put forth by the ghost speedily convinced me that I had a creature of flesh and blood and not a wanderer from the spirit world in my grasp. I held on, determined if-possible to pierce thp mystery now. But my antagonist, was strong. In Mie .struggle 1' found myself undermost. That horrible face looked down into mine grinning with triumph. Two strong hands pinned' my arms fast to the ground, and two strong knees were on mv chest. We remained thus a few minutes, and 1 felt mvself growing faint under my burden, when I found that" one of my arms was free. (To be Continued J 