NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. A cordial welcome. Late sitting to-night. Police out for their screws. Chessis's' social last night. Last day of the Chess Congress. Plenty of medicos if you fall ill. Mahommedans near the Rotunda. Our police band is a credit to the city. Archbishop Reynolds has left Sydney. Trotting acceptances due this evening. Federal Bank to be opened in October. Dr. Dale will arrive to-morrow morning. Mr. Locke Richardson opens on Saturday. Mr. Hudson changes his programme to- night. Dr. Verco believes we have valuable thermal springs. Completion of Sydney Lands Office will cost £167,000. Military visitors went over the Protector yesterday. An escaped recidiviste has been arrested at Marseilles. His Excellency says temperance is the golden rule of life. The cost of the Sydney Centennial Hill will be £152,000. Miss Bessie Royal arranges excellent concert programmes. Who was it won a big prize and would not treat his friends? Sir Charles Gavan Duffy says—"Home Rule must come." Mr. H. Fuss has won the first prize in the minor chess tourney. Melbourne manufacturers going to start branches in Adelaide. The chairman of the Victorian eight hours' committee has arrived. A splendid musical programme at the Ex- hibition tomorrow nignt. Sir Robert Stout denies writing about the expected demise of his Government. Working Men's Association won't agree to unload the French steamer to-morrow. Herr Heuzenroeder, Signor Squarise, Mr. Oelmann, and Mr. H. G. Nash at the Exhi- bition to-morrow night. The Prince of Wales stood sponsor to an enormous diamond Sir Charles Mills exhibited in London, and christened it the Imperial; it is much larger than the Koh-i-noor, and belongs to a syndicate. Experts estimate it as being worth exactly £1,000,000. Alice Brotherton's poem, "The sailing of King Olaf," which on its appearance some years ago in the Atlantic Monthly, was greatly admired as a vigorous yet delicate rendering of the old Noise story, is just republished with 70 others by the same writer. An experiment some time since made to ascertain the extreme thinness which it was possible to obtain in rolled iron showed, as the result, a sheet of about the substance of writing-paper—in fact, 150 sheets would be re- quired to constitute 1 inch of substance. In speaking of the growth of British com- merce, Bishop Barry said it was expansion which was at once a result and an education of courage, enterprise, energy, and even sacrifice which often put to shame those who were the missionaries of higher and holier causes. The possibility of premature burial has been considered so great by the Madrid authorities that the municipal cemetery has been provided with an electrical signalling apparatus which will notify the officials of the slightest move- ment in any coffin in the receiving vaults. A remarkable illustration of the enduring character of human hair may now be seen in the British Museum, where has been placed a wig, lately found in a temple at Thebes, which is supposed to have been worn by an Egyptian priest at a period not less than 3,400 years ago. The Federated Seamen's Union, Sydney, have decided that in future any member of the New South Wales branch patronising or traffick- ing with Chinese shall be summarily dealt with by the executive, the desire being to stop members playing at fan tan or taking part in lotteries. Dr. Mary Thomas, of Richmond (Indiana), contributed to the recent annual meeting of the Medical Society of her state an able paper on "Heredity," which, as the author was unable to be present, another lady read to the mem- bers, who received the essay with every mark of interest and approval. A curious return relating to the dog tax in Ireland has just been issued as a Parliamentary paper. The number of dogs registered is 341,644, and the amount ot duty received is £35,164. After deducting expenses—which ap- pear to be enormous—the total proportion pay- able to towns was only £3,297. The order in council disallowing the carters passed by the Manitoban Legislature for the establishment of railway communication be- tween Winnipeg and the United States fron- tier has received the approval of the Gover- nor- General. Nevertheless, the work on the projected line is being vigorously pushed for- ward. The largest bank in the world is the Bank of England. It was organised in 1694 with a capital of £1,200,000; capital now about £14,000,000; stock two and one half times par; 900 clerks—young men—begin at £70 a year; heads of departments receive £1,200 a year, and £210,000 a year are spent on salaries. This bank keeps the records of the national debt of Great Britain (£800,000,000), attends to transfers, receives the taxes, and gets therefor £212,000 per annum. PARLIAMENTARY POINTS. Free-trade jaw. Four freetraders. A select committee. A libel, Mr. Hussey. Freetraders on the track. Mr. Hussey a humble imitator. Three columns from Brook-Glynn. Brook-Glynn is terribly consistent. Mr. Hussey condemns the factories. Some amusing reading in "Hansard." Any more freetraders to speak to-day? Glynn, Hussey, Burgoyne, and Holder. Mr. Mais applied for a board of enquiry. The Corporal wants his speeches reported. The Bantam wants to reply to Brook-Glynn. The bust and the model locomotive cleared up. Brook Glynn was very metaphorical yester- day. Rowley will ask for a select committee to day. First item on the tariff to be passed to- night. Mr. Mais has bowled Rowley over on two points. The fossils want their words of wisdom re- ported. The protectionist party still retain their opinions. Brook-Glynn trotted out a vast quantity of statistics. Weighed in the balances by the Logical One yesterday. The model locomotive was purchased—not presented. Mr. Caldwell wants late sittings two evenings in the week. Mr. Mais received that bust as a present from a friend. The Legislative Council is going to take a spell this week. Some people would have thought it a waste of breath, but—— Railway Board Bill in committee in the Legislative Council. Mr. Hussey says factories ruin girls morally, physically, and socially. The Bantam was quite lively with his interjections yesterday. The Minister of Education does not agree with Mr. Glynn's conclusions. Brook-Glynn, says protection is a game of "Heads I win, tails you lose." The Minister of Education is not surprised at anything Brook-Glynn says. The ghost of free trade walked dejectedly in the House of Assembly yesterday. Mr. Burgoyne does not believe that our grocers sell sugar without any profit. The Logical One spoke in quite an interesting manner about moleskin unmentionables. You can prove anything by figures, and Brook-Glynn acted on that principle yester- day. Rowley looked quite grieved when the Com- missioner of Public Works replied to his ques- tions. The Logical says if the Bantam is not the leader of the protectionist party in the House, he is the loudest exponent of their principles. Mr. Burgoyne argues that as soon as the new tariff is passed Victorian manufacturers will establish branches of their business here. Juet so; and employ our own people. 