Odds and Ends. (Original and Extracted). The s.s.. Tomki unfortunately broke one of her shafts when going down the river, on Saturday. Being only able to use one propeller, she will probably proceed to Sydney in company with the Queen of the South. Stated that the District Court Bailiff has rid- den over 2600 miles serving summonses, &c.;, during the last six months. District Court Sittings lasted from Thursday morning until Saturday evening, averaging 11 hours daily. During the sitting Judge Murray said that it appeared, to him that the people here appeared to quarrel more, than in any other part of the Colony. That gentleman also said, that if matters went on as they were going at present, in his department, it would be better to make Lismore the capital of a new Colony, with a permanent Judge. That at one time two Courts a year were deemed sufficient, but now that four Courts a year were hardly enough. Fortunately several cases fell through, so that his Honor did not have to sit until 12 o'clock on Saturday night as was anticipated Upon being asked to assess the costs in some cases heard, his Honor stated, that if he had to do so, he would have to stay here all the year round. The gentlemen of the long robe, and the legal gentlemen, appeared to find ample em- ployment during the late Court sittings, as a large majority of the cases were defended. Commenting upon the slander cases heard, his Honor thought that people should be more careful in what they said about each other. At the Court Sittings, His Honor complained of the "Mill Whistles," which blow, how they do blow, just in the middle of the evidence of a witness who won't speak up. During the hot wind blowing on Saturday, the Court appeared haunted with the ghosts of bygones, as it creaked and groaned as if in agony. The windows rattled, and the blinds clattered, and the Court official was kept going in fixing matters up. The Queensland sugar scientist Mr. James McHenley, is in Lismore, on his way to Byron Bay, where he is about to assist Mr. Atkins in the erection of his Sugar-Mill. This gentleman is said to be very clever in the manipulation of cane juice, and can thereby produce more sugar from a ton of cane than any person who has yet visited us. Hence, those persons dissatisfied with exis- ting processes, should take advantage of the opportunity and communicate. Letters addressed to the Star Office will be duly forwarded to him. Lieut. Smith, canvassing on behalf of the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, has returned from the Tweed River, where he has many promises of support. He purposes visiting the various centres of population about Lismore, and will probably remain here for a week. Strawberries from the Big Scrub, were fairly plentiful in Lismore, last week, but although we hear much about "Separators," the cream to eat them with, did not appear contestable. And yet, "Strawberries and Cream" are one of the receipts that our mother Eve brought with her from the Garden of Eden. Hence her first-born Cain, who liked strong food in the shape of meat, was bad tempered, while the other son was "Abel" to eat "straw- berries and cream " with his mother at their afternoon teas, and was a good man accordingly. Wicked Cain was turned into a black follow, and the "cane" has been a source of trouble to schoolboys ever since, while the old serpent takes it out of us when he gets the chance. In Melbourne you see the words "Strawber ries and Cream in every direction, while in Sydney it is generally "Ice Cream." Anyhow it is satisfactory to find that with a little care, we can grow strawberries, and can treat the good girls to something nice is the way of fruit. Meeting at School of Arts next Saturday evening, to form a second Cricket Club in Lismore. Mr. Cockerell took 15 sticks of Rhubarb from one root this week. These weighed exactly 5lbs, when fit for use. Anyone with whom Rhubarb fails should get a wrinkle as to how 'tis done. The Council invites applications by 21st instant, from persons desirous of having gas laid on to their premises. Application for new Post and Telegraph Office at South Woodburn referred for report. Public meeting at Dunoon school on Tuesday, 22nd instant, at 7.30 p.m., to arrange for picnic and sports on New Year's Day. The alleged gold found in the crop of a hen has turned out to be part of a hidden treasure. Enquirer asks where is the Railway League, and to what purpose are the funds devoted ? Had it not been for a timely interference, the Frenchmen, committed on a charge of murder, would have escaped from Lismore lockup on Saturday. The bazaar and ball at Ballina last week, in aid of the Church of England, will reduce the debt about £100. Proposed to hold another bazaar next year, a number of articles being left over. A farmer at Deep Creek recently imported an Italian Queen bee and will shortly supply swarms of this brood. A number of inland folks intend spending Christmas at Ballina. £400 to be placed on draft estimates next year for enlarging public wharf near Casino. In the case of all reserves in this district, due consideration will be given as to whether the reservation should be revoked or the land retained for public purposes or for future public requirements. Brown and Jolly's tender for £779 has been accepted for additions to the Gaol at Lismore. 