ECHOES OF THE DAY. FHOM THE GABLE. - Bi Draos. The index points to tho inclusion of Lord nartingtun in the Cabinet, aud tho penitent return of Lord Randolph Olmrchlll. Lord Salisbury shown himself, 'at overy turn, the present master spirit in England. Ho has re- verso d the Foreign Policy, making the arbiter to an extent which will never bo known in our time. Whenever the Memoirs of this splendid Englishman coino to bo written, with the secret springs laid bare, as iu tho writings of St. .Simon, Grevillr, and Malmesbury, It will be understood how he hnd taken up Disrarii's mantle. Lord Randolph Churchill thought he could be nasty, for, In a political sense, a contrary and paradoxical spirit 1ms boon all he culti vated. Salisbury snuffed him out. "I will resign!" shrieked the littlo man, "Rraign/ was the cool rejoinder of Salisbury. Randolph thought ho upset | tho Cabinet, but Book seller Smith proved that ho could be as efficient with - the Exchequer and leadership of tho House of Commons as ho had been nt Iho Admiralty and War Office. Churchill comes back crestfallen. This is n sign that the Tories nro in for a good run, despito Glfufatotio's spurts ; and thoro is nvery indication that if Salisbury's health holds out ho is safo for Iho long years that remain of the existing Parlia ment. Nay, wo aro inclined to think that, if Salisbury retires, thcro is a possibility of tho Conservatives rallying round tho well proved and steady W. II. Smith as their caudidnte for tho I'remiorrhip But probably Lord Harrington is the coming Tory Leader. IIo must soon drop into tho Dukedom of Devonshire, with its L120.000 per annum, and this will alienate him further J rain tho fiery old Radical, Mr Gladstone. Lord Salisbury generously offered Lord Harrington tho Premiership rouio months ago. Harrington will not think of such a thing, but he may relieve Salisbury of tho drudgery in tho Foreign Department wliilo Salisbury retains tho skeins of policy. As for Churchill, ho will apparently havo "to tako tho Secretaryship for India, ns in Salis bury's first Cabinet. Mr Spurgeon has left tho Baptist Union, and nil becaueo of his unflinching adherence to tho old standards, which ho thinks tho Union ia deserting. His grievance, at all events, is tlio inclusion of clergy men who aro not strictly orthodox. No minister in tho world claims moro genera rcspoct than Ohnrlcs Haddctt Spurgeon. Born lOtli June, 1834, ho is 53 years old. He started life as usher in n Nowmavkes school, dome 0 his relatives, Independents, wauted him to enter tho Congregational College, but ho had ndojitcd Baptist views for hinuolf, ami joined tho old congregation of Bobcrt Hall, at Cam bridge, In Fovcrsbam, near Cambridge, at the age of 10, he delivered his first 6crmnn, and then be came pastor at Watcrbcnch,whero ho attracted crowd. His famo reaching London, ho brcnino pastor of the New Park street Cimpol, which ho worked up amazingly. Next tho Bnrroy Music Ilall was engaged for him, and his Metrojjolitan Tabernacle opened in 1861. There ara nearly 2000 of Mr 9pnrgeon's published sermons, tho weekly circulation of which is 25,000. Imagine tlio strain upon a man with 6uoh fecundity and such an audience, readers and hearers. He has besides written a number of books and periodicals. His fltoolcwell Orphanage, Pastors' College, Colportago Association, and book fund arc institutions of vast scope. For instance, tho Pastors' College has sent out over 700 men. In 1870 a Silver Wedding testimonial of over LQ000 was given hint, and in 1834, for his jubilee, ho got L50Q0. Tho whole of these funds wero dis bursed in charity. Tho Baptists were first called Anabaptist?, and Zwingli names them Oatabaptfats. They wero utronuously opposed by all otherreformere, punfahed withfiro and imprisonment, evendoath. Tho Zurich Council declared that any person who administered Anabaptinm should bo drowned. Apparently tbe Dutoh brought tbo dootriao to England. Henry VIII proclaimed it a de testable heresy. A Baptist man and woman wero burnt atSuiithfiolu. While such a thing was not possiblo in Eng land nu English Baptist Church was formed at Amsterdam, about 1003. Its declaration of faith stnted that "Baptism is the outward manifestation of dying unto sin, and walking in newness of fife, and, there fore, in no wise npportalunble to infants." This church was Arminian, but tho Particular or Calvini6tic Baptists wero tho first to get a tound footing in England. With the Revolution of 1C88, and the Toleration Act of 1GS9, tho persecution of alt tbo dissenters ends. The Baptists were tlic first denomination of British Protestants who undertook Heathen 'Missions. Caroy, the Indiau pioneer, was a Baptist. Yet the Church is small in Great Britain, for oven tho Baptist handbook, 1670, only gives the number of members as a quarter of a million. I11 tho Vnited States, however, there aro about two million?, or more. If Mr Spurgeon left tho CImrch because of hfa own heterodoxy, n8 Mr Becchcr withdrew from the stricter aspects of the Congregational Union, thoBaptists would onlybestrcngtliencd by cutting off such a great mtn ; but the serious point is that Mr Spurgeon withdraws through tho laxity of tho Baptist Union. Ho will infallibly tako n largo batch of members with him, aud tho Union will have to pass some stringent resolutions, affirm- iug its fundamental principles, to get these dissentients back. Their strength is in their Conservative adherence to the con-, fession of Faith, as our Presbyterian friends would say. All tho Baptist churches of Australia will bo flung into excitement by Mr Spurgeon's action. Its effect will bo beneficial, fur the leading English Baptist, tho world-renowned Spurgeon, is wholly devoid 0/ any self -seeking, lie cmplinsUcs four points on which tbo Union, not himself, had drifted from tbo moor ings :— Eternal pumshracntJSalvntlon by faith, the general Atonement theory, and personality of the lloly Ghost. Our leading Melbourne Baptist ministers, Messrs. Clmpmau and Wobb, aro thorough Conservatives in theology, forceful preachers, entirely ou Mr Spurgeon a line. Tho Baptist Union has a Victorian branoh. Wo bolievo wo are corrcot in saying that all the ministers ate of the samo stamp as above indicated. Some dissentients have left the Baptist Union for other bodies, but this Is because they do not hold the Spurgeon views. The so-called Liberal movement amid tho olergy of the English Baptist Union must be something novel, inasmuch m it has not spread hre with auy appreciable effect. 