Paint, Pow der, and Actresses. 44 W ell, I suppose actresses adopt the same processes as fashionable women?” 44Not a bit of it. Actresses have to follow simple and quick methods to make up for a stage appearance. Tbo actress who wishes to make a good appearance ueoally washes her face in water and then in bay rum. Oriental eream whitish liquid is next applied with a 6pocge, W hen the face is dry 'it is then powdered with the finest chamois skin. Then the background, aa it wore, it ready, and carmine is delicately distributed with a flue velvet sponge over the features. The lips next receive attention by the homoeopathic application of a red liquid. All of this is done with incredible swift­ ness, and without any apparent effort to obtain artistic effect. The p&rticulai; fiart of the toilet now begins—pencil Lng the eyebrows. A small camcis-hair brush, of tho best quality, is moistened with tbe finest Indianink,andworkontho eyebrows i6 fairly inaugurated. A delicate lincisaUodrawn under the lashes on the lower lid. This is th e way the actress prepares to make h e r appearance upon the stage when she is personating a character that does not require her to look older than she really is. In that case, of course, she uses cosmetics and paints to produce wrinkles and the necessary aged appearance.' Lead pencils No. 1 are frequently used instead of Indian ick to pencil th e eyebrows. The enamelling process, which originated it France, is very rarely resorted to, on account of it# baneful effect#* I t give the face a ghost-like, waxy look, and is far from being beautiful. I t is • perfect art, though, and frequently Very old actresses can build a new and youthful face for the stage with enamel. Used to a great ex tent it fills the pores of the skin and prisons tbe muscular glands, pi disease. Some of (be great ana success fnl actresses, however, nave outfit# that harem of Oriental wpmen might envy. To enumerate a few of the article#:— Glycerine, India ink, powders, carmine! lead-pencil, sponge, powder-puffs, crimps, frizzes, chamois skin, puffs, braids, hairpins, piece of steel for short curl*, tootfi-paslo, bay-rum, Florida nail-brush, tweezer# i!nr pulling out grey hairs, cardamom seed, dye#, aromatic pill* for tbe breath, invigorators, sheet of zinc for curling hair, two hand-glasses, besides other articles. 1 he effect of long year* of painting a face is quite visible aod noticeable by 'th e generally dead appearance «f the skin, I would advise every actor and actress to pay a greal deal of attention to scrubbing their faces after the performance. They do wash the paint off, but oftentimes, being in ■ hurry, they do not wash hard enough, There is an art in 4maldng up' as well in acting.”—NeieYorkM ail and Eagre A R eligious Sbbvicb in i L ondon bwex.—-The London correspondent of tbe Brittol Timet writesOne has eard .of sermons in «U sorts of out-ofthe-way places, not to speak of tho sermons in stones of which we have all ro ad ; bat who before ever heard of a sermon in a sewer P When the great main drainage system of tbe metropolis was opened, tbe then Board of Works, with their guests, dioei aud lunched ii the main outfall aewer, into which, fortunately. no one turned on the sewage tc spoil the feast; but it has been reserved to the Rev. Marcus Rainsford, an energetic Evangelical curate of North London, to literally go down into tbo sewers to hold a service, The BoiTd of Works are constructing a new sewer own the Holloway road, and a portion f the works are in the pariah of Mr Washington, the vicar of St. George's, afnell Park, Whom curate Mr Rains ord is, aod in order to provide for heir spiritual welfare this service was eld inside tbe new sewer the other ight. Who shell now say that the lergy are not self-denying whenr they o down into the sewer# to find worhippers.” 