MR SMITH PUZZLES THE REPORTER. He came into the office, and drawing a chair close up to a reporter's table he said to tho reporter : ' Take a bit of paper and I'll give you a good item.' 'When i ho reporter was ready the visitor began : ' Yesterday afternoon, Mrs Smith — my wife, you know — and my j daughter drove out with my bay mare for a nine nae. Jenny was driving the mare coming down the Airy to tho Wissadickon, when, just below the crest of the hill, she kicked off one of her shoes.' ' Jenny did ?' ' No, tho mare. Mrs Smith, however, concluded to go on, as the roods wore soft and the mare quiet; so Jenny let her proceed s'owly down the hill. ' Let Mrs Smith or the mere V 'The more, of course. A few minutes Int.nr. hnwatrni* wliiln .Tunnw mac cfAnnt'n - t#* pick some ferns for her mother; a fly or something bit hor upon the nose.' ' Upon Jennv's nose or her mother's ? ' 'No, nol Tho maro's nose? bit the mare upi n tho nose, and Jenny had hardly time to get into the carriage before she be gan to rear and plunge in a most alarming manner.' ' Not Jenny ?' ' O pshaw.! the animal, the mare. Mrs Smith, of coursq, wasi very much frightened, for the mare seemed really excited, and sho bogan to scream violently, and to try to get out of tho back of tho carriage.' '? Tho mare did t' ' Mrs Smith* But Jonny told her she could manage tho mare if she would sit still.' ' If the mare would ait ? ' ' If her mother would sit still. But just then a buckle broko ond Jenny was unable to prevent the mnre from dashtng down tho hill at a frightful pace. When thoy came to a bridge o\er the creek, Mrs Smith was over joyed to observe the tnaro come to a dead stop; but, unhappily, tho next moment a fit of blind staggers struck hor and 'Struck Mrs Smith, or the — ' Don't yon understand? Struck the mare; and before Jenny could comprehend the situa tion Bhe reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain way, while MrsSmith wob completely unnorved and without r. If control, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the watoi .' ' Aro you referring now to Mrs Smith, or to Jenny, or the mare?' 'Why, the mare. ! Of courso she dragged tho carriage in with her, and Mrs Smith anJ Jt-nny in it. All three sank to the bottom, but the mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swam past Mrs Smith, Mrs Smith clutched at her dress ? ' ' Not tho maro's dress ?' ' At Jenny s dress, ond this forccd her , to lose her hold upon the tail,' ' I thought yon said Jenny had hold of the tail; not Mrs Smith?' ' ' So I did. Mrs Smith had told of the— the— I mean, yes, Jenny had hold of the mare's tail, and Mrs Smith had hold of her dress.' ' Whoso dress — Jenny's or tho — — ?' ' You know very well what I mean. Mrs bmith hold on to Jenny and Jenny on to the mare, but Mrs Smith pulled her loose, unintentionally, of conrso, and as the mare swam off Mrs Smith said to her ? ' ' To the mare 1' 'You think you'ro smart now, don't you 1 You know well enough that I moan Jonny. I've got a notion to punch you hoad for you, you scoundrel. ' ' What did you say that for t' ' I came in here,' said Mr Smith, fieroely, to givo you a firs'-rate item, and I was going to tell voti what Mrs Smith said about the mare boing dragged from the water, and how she turned somersaults all the way home; but hanged if I'd do it now.' The reporter rose slowly, and, eleyating a chair to ward off the missile, ho calmly in quired : ' What object had Mrs Smith in nrning sonicrs mlts nil tho way homo ?' 1 Tho pooplo who saw Mr Smith como down stairs nnd omorgo from tho front door says tho looked as white as if ha had scon a ghost Tjib Victoriar burglar havo givon tho great cities of that colony, Melbourne, iiallarat, and Sandhurst, a turn at tho same time. Ouit Victjrian neighbors always show the way. A clauso has boen passed in tho Juvenilo Offenders Bill that when boys under 16 are found guilty of an offence for which thoy aro liablo for imprisonment, they shall bo caned instead; tho punishment being only Buch as a schoolmastor may lawfully inflict. Wattle cultivation by the Victorion Go vornmont, undertaken a few years ago along tho railway liucs, is a great sucoess, and next year they will bo able to let plots for barking. Among many suggestions receivod by the Minister for Mines for rabbit destruction, iB °ne that enclosures 10 feet x 15 foet should bo studded over each infested run, the plan being to drive four stakes in the ground leaving five feet abovo with round posts on which to stretch netting, with a mesh large enough to admit rabbits, but not young lambs. Tho vegetation within tho areas) boing protected would offer inducements to rabbits to soiled therein, and the medium of destruction would bo to lay poison within tho protocted aroas. Wo think that is tho best yet made. Wo suggested something of tho kind some years ago ourselves, but our idea was to lrrigato the patches. The Nyang shed is getting on well this yoar. One of tho main grievances causing this shearere' strike, seems to have boen res pecting the exorbitant price 'f station rations, but in spite of the bad seasons of previous years, Mr Turner has had no wish to supple ment his income by charging his employees ot tho rato of 200 or 300 per cent profit on rations. Ho lells his men nt wlial scale of charges ho will supply lliotn with' rations, and if thoy are not satii-fied they aro at per fect liberty to go ond get them at the local storekeepers'; but then they aro satisfied, and seeing what kind of Boss they had to deal with, the Nyang shed works together 'iu unity, peace and concord.' This Balranald Recorder writes ; — Quite a plague of rats is being met with in close proximity to BalranaU. We understand the rodents are making great havoc and destruc tion among the crops, as woll as tho stacks in the Tori district., and we have also been inform-d that close to tho Five-Mile Lagoon a like cxperietico is being met with by tho deBtrnctivo littlo animals, which apparently are met with in swarming numbers. Wr fee that the Y.M.C.A. Notes has been enlarged, nnd is now called the Young Men's Magazine. In its new form it is a great improvement, whilo the typographical get-up is very good — the American style being followed, so as to give u glazo to the paper and remove the impression that shows through oven the best ordinary pnpers — the rending matter is well edited. Everyone will wish the journal success. Contributions aro invited from country membert. In his remarks the Editor says: — We've made a fresh start; and we are hoping that in the matter of contiibutions the Magazine will be better treated than the Notes, We want it to be a roal live paper; and the members can help us by making it so. We want the Magazine to be — and intend to make it if possible — a real 'modium of communication between members, subscribers, and kindred Associations.' ? 