FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 28. THE CABINET of Sir Henry Parkes is certain to have a more turbulent time of it than ever its predecessor had, with Sir Patrick Jennings at its head trying to sneak Protection into New South Wales. The terrors of party warfare have been vividly illustrated in the late session of the New South Wales Parliament. But the questions at issue are sufficiently im- portant to constitute much justification for each side. These are whether the Free Trade policy of the senior Australian colony shall be changed and Protection adopted, or shall the Free Trade policy be maintained. Sir Henry Parkes is the champion of Free Trade, and declares he has nailed his colors to the mast. By the Protectionists Sir Henry Parkes stands charged with first promising the colony a Free Trade policy and then including in his Cabinet members who are de facto Protectionists. During the late session the battle has been so virulently fought between the rival parties as to wear out the patience and the health of the Speaker, the Hon. Edmund Barton, and on Thursday, 20th instant, he an- nounced his intention of resigning his position as soon as Parliament re- assembled after the Ministerial elections. He stated that this step had been prompted by a desire to devote more at- tention to his private affairs, and to escape the serious consequences to his health which would inevitably follow his con- tinued discharge of the increasingly arduous and difficult duties of Speaker. He added — "If the rules and orders of the House be not attended to so that the business of the day and of the session may be transacted within a reasonable time, every precaution being taken to guard against the restriction of relevant debate, then not only may the country call in vain for legislation, but the burden of my successor and his officers will be burdensome indeed." Although the re- signation of Mr Barton as Speaker is re- garded as a national loss, it is not pro- bable that his warning will produce any amendment amongst the turbulent mem- bers of the Legislative Assembly. The policy of the new Cabinet has been clearly defined by Sir Henry Parkes. If successful after the appeal to the country by the general elec- tions, one of its first acts will be to repeal the Customs Act of last session. It will then endeavor to obtain as large an amount of revenue from the public estate as can be raised, compatible with a just regard to the interests of those settled on the land. They hope to increase the revenue by changing the management of the railways — by removing the whole railway system from political influence, and placing it under the administra- tion of a Board, as in Victoria. Careful enquiry will be made into the whole Public Service, and Sir Henry Parkes will not be a party to any reckless dismissals, but will probably fill all vacancies by transfers, avoiding individual injustice as far as possible, and no expenditure on immigration will be allowed without the direct sanction of Parliament. On the other hand, the Protectionist members of the Opposition have as clearly defined their policy to be — moderate Protection, payment of members, water conservation, railway extension, and a fair consideration to both squatters and selec- tors under the new land laws. At a meet- ing of the Opposition held on Friday the political situation was eagerly discussed, and the attitude assumed by Sir Henry Parkes was deeply resented, but it was considered wise in the interests of the colony to grant supplies. Sir Patrick Jennings resigned the position of leader of the Opposition, and no steps were taken to appoint his successor. The ques- tion of Protection was discussed, but there was a want of unanimity, except with re- gard to the duties on grain, which re- ceived general support. The same day a Supply Bill was introduced providing for £1,275,000, of which £1,150,000 is re- quired for the services of January and February, £100,000 for the Treasurer's advance account, and £25,000 for defray- jng the expense of the relief works for the unemployed, 1886-87. This measure was passed through all its stages without much delay, but during the discussion some interesting statements were made by Sir Henry Parkes. "He said that he was anxious to avoid any appearance of rush- ing the elections, and he desired to con- sider the interests of his opponents as well as those of his friends. He invited suggestions as to changes in the ar- rangements which would promote the convenience of candidates irrespective of their political opinions. He did not see any possibility of the new Parlia- ment being called together before February 28\. He was deeply impressed with the urgency of the case, and recognised that if the Government were successful at the elections it would be to their interest to meet the House as early as possible, while if unsuccessful it would redound to their credit if they relinquished office as soon as possible." In addition to the wide diver- gence of opinion and policy between the new Cabinet and the Opposition, meetings in favor of the separation movement con- tinue to be held in the Northern districts, and it appears that organised efforts will be made to secure the severance of all the territory north of the 30th degree of south latitude from New South Wales, and its erection into a separate colony. It is damaging to the interests of all the Aus- tralian colonies to have the parent colony brought to such straits from party warfare and consequent mismanagement, resulting in neglect of the real interests of the country. New South Wales contains over one hundred and ninety-nine million acres, being nearly three times the size of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and about the size of Great Britain and France united. With all this wealth of territory it appears that a single million of people fail to maintain themselves in peace, and have to expend large sums annually for the relief of an army of unemployed. The facts are so incongruous as to be utterly incomprehensible, and this portion of the history of New South Wales will be read with amazement and incredulity by the people of the future, who will com- prise the population of the Greater Britain of the Southern hemisphere. The success of the Launceston Industrial Exhibition is a pleasing example of what can be done by the zeal and determina- tion, rightly directed, of one man. To the unwearying exertions of Mr Frank Gee Duff the inhabitants of Launceston owe the pleasure they are deriving from this praiseworthy enterprise. He has been supported, it is true, by a few in- telligent citizens who united with him in sharing the risk of any loss that might be incurred, and his efforts to procure exhibits worthy of Tasmania have been most successful, the display of the re- sources and industries of the colony being a credit to the exhibitors who responded to his call for help ; but to Mr Duff indi- vidually — and we are sure his coadjutors will agree with us when we say so— is due the great success of the undertaking, and the remarkably efficient manner in which the details and management have been carried out. Mr Duff has been ex- ceedingly judicious in all his arrange- ments so far as they contribute to the pleasure and enjoyment of the visitors ; but we are not so certain that his liberal efforts to gratify the public taste will leave him a balance on the right side of his ledger when he comesto count up the cost. As the public are aware, there are supplementary attractions in the Pavilion and Park almost every night which in themselves are worth more than the small entrance fee demanded, to say nothing of the grand display of manu- factures and works of art in the stalls ; besides which there are many choice and valuable exhibits well worthy the study of naturalists and scientific observers. The extra attractions thus provided by the manager of the Exhibition involve a very heavy cost indeed, and it is to be hoped that the inhabitants will sufficiently ap- preciate his efforts, to secure the com- mittee against the unpleasant contingency of suffering loss personally. The under- taking is a boon to Launceston, and the people should support it liberally. Apart from these considerations a fund of pleasure, amusement, and instruction is thus supplied, which few towns enjoy, and which will not often be available, for it is likely that, with a plethora of Exhibi- tions in the adjacent colonies during the next couple of years, we shall not have a repetition here for years to come. Visitors from the country, from Hobart, and from the other colonies express their astonish- ment at the extent and interesting character of the exhibits, which are quite equal to any collection in the larger national Exhibitions so far as the space at disposal will admit. The minerals, native gems, timber, vegetable products, fossils, etc., of the colony are well represented : indeed it would be impossible to enumerate the large variety of exhibits, many of which, from all parts of the world, are both curious and instructive. The undertaking has been a great success as far as the collection goes, and we sincerely hope that the venture will prove equally successful in a pecuniary sense to the promoters. Two Cabinet meetings have been held at Hobart this week, but the proceedings were chiefly of a conversational character. The question of the vacant Judgeships was not mooted, Ministers deeming it premature to discuss the matter until the Royal assent to the Third Judge Bill has been received. The bill would reach London about Monday last, but its official course for the purpose of having Her Majesty's assent affixed to it will occupy sometime. After Her Majesty's assent has been made known by cablegram from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, the Hon. J. S. Dodds will be appointed to succeed the late Mr Justice Giblin. With regard to the appointment of a third Judge, although the Government could not agree to have the principle of a residential clause embodied in the bill, the people of Northern Tasmania may rest assured that whoever may be appointed will have to reside in the North, and not far from Launceston, for the very sufficient reason that his duties will be so arranged that it will be im- possible for a non-resident to perform them. This should satisfy the public in the North quite as well as it a residential clause had been embodied in the bill. It must be rather annoying to the leaders of the Opposition that facts are thus con- tinually showing that Ministers are very far from being so black as the Opposition and their organs wish to paint them. THE defeat of Mr Goschen, Chancellor of the Exchequer, by Mr Neville, the Liberal candidate for the Exchange Division of Liverpool, will be a severe blow to the Salisbury Administration. The election has apparently been fiercely contested on each side, Mr Neville's majority being only nine, though he polled 3220 votes, and Sir Goschen 3211. That is how the votes stood by the first scrutiny on Wed- nesday, but some doubt as to the correct- ness of the totals must have been enter- tained, as the voting papers were to have been again counted yesterday. This may make some difference in the totals, but the result may prove to be still further in favor of Mr Neville, instead of doing away with his majority of nine. At a most critical period, England is now governed by a weak Cabinet, which would have been materially strengthened by the re- turn of Mr Goschen for Liverpool. No doubt he may be elected by some other constituency, but, on the other hand, he may be defeated again and again if opposed by the so-called Liberals. Their action in this matter is ungenerous and un-English in the extreme. The in- terests of the country must suffer seriously from delay in the election of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, while the Opposition, comprising Whigs, Liberals, Unionists, and Radicals being so disorganised, cannot benefit by merely throwing difficulties in the way of the Government. LAUNCESTON INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. — The receipts at the Launceston Industrial Exhibition last evening exceeded those of any previous night since its opening, the estimated attendance being 1200. The large audience, amongst whom were many country visitors, inspected the various exhibits, and seemed greatly interested in them. The attractions in the Park were very numerous, and the efforts of the manager to render a really attractive programme were well appreciated by all those present. Every description of fireworks, including a large balloon, rockets, wheels, and squibs, were let off in abundance, and gave the picturesque grounds a splendid appear- ance. The St. Joseph's Band rendered a first-class programme, under the con- ductorship of Mr Harrison, in the band- stand near the Pavilion door. To-night the Park will be illuminated with Chinese lanterns, and a special programme will be rendered by the City Band. Another exhibition of slate splitting will be given to-night by Messrs. Hughes and Robert- son, employes of the Bangor Slate Quarry; and we are informed by the manager that all school children will be again admitted free on some future occasion, when a quantity of fireworks will be let off for their special amusement. CRICKET.— The match Deloraine v. Esk came off on the Launceston Cricket Ground yesterday, resulting in a win for the latter team by 53 on the first innings. The Esk, assisted by several substitutes from the L.C.C., put together 161 in their first innings, R. Westbrook (46), R. Sams (28), and Ion (27) being the main scorers. The Deloraine team managed to reach 108, C. W. Rock playing a splendid innings for 62 (when he was smartly caught and bowled by Sidebottom), whilst Burke scored 22. Of the bowling of the Delorainites, N. Rock secured 6 wickets for 80 runs, and C. W. Rock 4 wickets for 42 runs. The Esk commenced their second innings, but after scoring 110 for the loss of 5 wickets, time was called. — The Entally C.C.'s team will journey to Bracknell on Saturday to play a return match with the Bracknell Club. — The following matches will be played on Saturday :— Launceston v. Esk. Esk — Cameron, Ewing, Lillicrap, Rock, Nathan, Westbrook (2), Mansfield, Windsor, Douglas, Barnes. King's Meadows v. City at King's Meadows. King's Meadows — Castley, Hathaway, Nowd, Dee, Ion. Gibson, Barnes, Howell, Machen, Kelty, Knight. Tasman v. King's Meadows Second, at Inveresk Park. Tasman — Bennett (2), Wright, Cassidy, Bennett, Milton, Printer, Beas- more, Edwards, Clarke, Taylor. Our Boys Second v. Templars, at Inveresk Park. Our Boys Second— Meggers, Clark, Barling, Hudson, Taylor, W augh, O'Brien, Bryant, Scott, Gurr, Smith, Coleman ; emergency— Tevelein. Perth v. Cressy. Perth— Hertel (2), Brownrigg, Adams, Wigan, Harrison, Croome, Bolton, Smart, Jordan, Kitson, Emer, Sidebottom (2), Dennjs. BENEFIT TO MISS LEVYNE.— The benefit tendered to Miss Levyne, at the Gaiety Theatre last evening, by a company con- sisting principally of some of the members of the late Rolland Minstrel Troupe, was a success both financially and otherwise. The entertainment opened with a draw- ing-room performance, in which Messrs. Williamson and Willoughby occupied the corner chairs, and handled the tambo and bones respectively in an able manner. Mr Tommy Kennedy performed the duties of interlocutor in a manner that showed he was no new hand at the busi- ness, an his ballad, "Stick to your mother, Tom," elicited a large amount of applause. The best item on the programme was Miss Levyne's "Pretty White Lilies," for which she was deservedly encored. The performance concluded with a laughable farce, entitled " An Unplea- sant Ghost," in which Messrs. William- son, Willoughby, and Kennedy were the most prominent performed. The pianist, Mr A. W. Pett is deserving of special praise, as notwithstanding the fact of his playing without ever being present at a rehearsal, not a hitch occurred. THOSE afflicted with Asthma, Bronchitis, or any other bronchial affection should try a box of SYMONS' AUSTRALIAN ASTHMA CURE. It not only gives immediate relief, but makes an effectual cure in the most chronic cases. Sold by all chemists. HATTOM AND LAWS, Agents for Tasmania. ACADMY OF MUSIC.— The boards of the Academy of Music were occupied last evening by the "Called Back" Dramatic Company, when Dion Boucicault's cele- brated Irish drama, 'The Shaughraun" was produced. The attendance was very good, the popular parts of the house being exceedingly well patron- ised, while the dress circle was not by any means abandoned. The drama was well staged, the scenery and general effects being worthy of special note, although several of the performers showed signs of want of rehearsal, or proper study of their parts. The title role of "Con" was very ably sustained by Mr J. J. Kennedy, who acted the part with much spirit, and, as usual, made it very interesting. The well-known songs connected witn the character were also well rendered by Mr Kennedy, and his dia- lect was exceptionally good. The dual cha- racter of Arte O'Neill and Mrs O'Kelly were in the hands of Miss Lily Hill, and her efforts deserve a word of praise. Her singing at the wake of Con was really excellent. The tedious and responsible part of the villain, Harvey Duff, was well filled by Mr H. Roberts, whilst Miss Carry George, as Clare Ffolliott, acted in a most pleasing manner. Mr A. Burton, who appeared in. the part of Corry Kinchela, was fairly good, but he did not make as much of the part as he might have done. To-night "The Shaughraun" will be repeated for the last time. MR LOCKE RICHARDSON. — A house well-filled in all parts greeted the above artist last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute . Judging from the large num- ber present, the preceding evening served but to establish his reputation amongst us, and his laurels were considerably crowned last night. In his pourtrayal of "Twelfth Night," Mr Richardson proved himself an eminent Shakespearian scholar, and one well adapted to uphold the quali- fications of that renowned author. Mr Richardson's change of character and personalities may be termed as simply marvellous, and such an opinion could visibly be discerned in the features of those present. He assumed the manners and airs of a vivacious damsel, with a sympathy that is irresistibly taking, and soon after he drifted into the de- piction of one of those caricatures of a bluff and hearty Eaglish squire of "Ye olden days," in the picturing of which Shakespeare fairly excelled. For one sole individual to claim the undivided attention of an audience over a couple of hours is a task of no small magnitude, and in the reading of dramatic works of such high order an audience is not easily ad- dicted to gullibility. Mr Richardson, however, proved equal to the occasion, and succeeded in engrossing the warmest interest throughout the evening. Power, pathos, and vivacity were intermingled with a changing variety which was ex- ceedingly pleasing, and taken as a whole the comedy of "Twelfth Night" will in future carry with it many pleasing re- membrances of Mr Richardson's visit amongst us. It was an intellectual treat which will assuredly prove a source of much benefit to many, and will not be readily forgotten. THE ALLEGED OUTRAGE AT NEWTOWN, SYDNEY. — Charles Smith alias " Border Smith," James Watson alias "Jemmy the blacksmith," James Kelly, Timothy Murphy alias George Wynbrow, John Moffatt, and Henry Murphy, were pre- sented last Friday (the Globe says) before Mr T. K. Abbott, S.M., charged with having on the 29th ult., without her con- sent, indecently assaulted Grace Porters, a girl of 18 years of age. The case was heard with closed doors. Mr Roberts, sen., prosecuted on behalf of the Crown ; Mr Hill defended the prisoner Watson, and Mr Mark Williamson the others. No fresh arrests have been made in addition to the six at present in custody. The men, who are grooms and 'bus drivers, are of comparatively respectable appearance, and in this respect offered a marked con- trast to the Mount Rennie criminals. The first witness was Constable Lewis Par- kinson, who arrested the prisoners, some of them by himself and the others with the assistance of Constables Skinner and Mannell. His evidence was more or less formal, and referred merely to the mode and dates of arrest of each of the pri- soners. In cross-examination, the wit- ness replied to Mr Hill that since the institution of the present charge he had not taken the trouble to hunt up the police records in connection with the girl's character. He had, nevertheless, heard certain rumors derogatory to her repu- tation. What those rumors were Mr Hill insisted should be told to the Court, but His Worship ruled that the question was premature, and should not be put at the present stage of the proceedings. To Mr Roberts the witness said, in reply to a question, that personally he knew nothing against the girl's character. THE RABBIT TEST. — In his usual monthly report to the Under-Secretary for Mines, states the Town and Country, Mr H. C. Taylor, of the Rabbit Branch of the Mines Department (N S.W.), said that during November, out of 6,028,783 acres inspected by officers of the Rabbit Department, no less than 5,068,602 acres were found to be infested with rabbits. The number of men employed in the work of destruction was 2212 ; and though this total is considered sufficient, Mr Taylor says that many runs showed signs of being neglected, and evidence was not wanting that little trouble was taken to distribute the labor over the various blocks in such a manner as to have the whole area worked in a systematic way. In other cases the owners have done considerably more than was required of them by the inspec- tors, while others have worked in such an apathetic manner as to call forth loud complaints from their more energetic neighbor. The number of skins and carcases reported to have been destroyed during the month is 724,447, an excep- tionally large number ; but the bulk of them were obtained in a part of the colony which embraces but a trifle of the country which is rabbit infested. The Queensland Government has accepted tenders for the erection of 127 miles more of rabbit-proof fencing, from the western point of the present fence. This will make the length of the fence from Hungerford to the westward 207 miles. It is the intention of the Govern- ment to proceed shortly with a farther con- struction of the fencing to the eastward of the present fence, and north of New South Wales, where rabbits have been reported to have been seen. A DOMESTIC TRAGEDY. — The American newspapers report an awful tragedy which occurred last month in Knox county, Kentucky. A farmer, named Poe, with his wife, five children, and two young lady visitors, lived some 30 yards from a house occupied by a couple named Worm and their son, aged 10 years. The Worms being somewhat disreputable in their habits Poe forbade his family to hold any communication with them. This so enraged the Worms that the man and his wife conceived the horrible revenge of murdering the entire family. They waited until Farmer Poe was away on business, and then proceeded to carry out their fiendish designs. The crime was witnessed by their own son, who has given full information to the authorities. He says he followed his parents and watched them go into the room where the Poe family and visitors — all females — were sleeping. His father with a razor cut the throat of each from ear to ear, while his mother picked the bodies up, placed them in the middle of the floor, and piled the contents of two beds on them. The murderers then set fire to the pile and the house itself, the baby, who, it is supposed, was overlooked, screaming until killed by the smoke and flames. Keep the kidneys healthy and unobstructed with American Company's Hop Bitters and you need not fear sickness. Read. "ROUGH ON CORNS." —Ask for Well's "Rough on Corns." Quick relief, complete. permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists....................................(3 THE S. S. CORINNA. — It will be noticed in another column that the departure of the s.s. Corinna has been postponed till 4 p.m. on Saturday. INDUSTRIAL VILLAGES. — The second annual meeting of the Society for Pro- moting Industrial Villages was held on Friday night, 10th December, in the hall of the Society of Arts. Sir George Camp- bell, M.P., presided. Letters expressing sympathy with the objects of the society were announced from Lord Iddesleigh, Lord Onslow, the Dean of Westminster, the Ven. Archdeacon Farrar, Lord William Compton, Lord Brownlow, and others. The object of the society is to draw together all who are of opinion that the deplorable condition of large numbers of the population of London is greatly aggravated by the constant influx of the unemployed from country districts. As a remedy for the evils existing in large towns and in the country generally from the foregoing cause, the society proposes the multiplication of village industries. Special attention is now being directed by the society to poultry and fruit farming and bee culture, as being among the means more immediately available for helping the holders of small plots of land. The report for the past year having been taken as read, the chairman moved its adoption, and in the course of his remarks said that the society sought to promote the removal of the congestion in towns by inducing those who were living under unhealthy conditions in the towns to go into the villages and there to practise their home arts and industries. With regard to the question of allotments, he thought that the artisans were more anxious for allotments than the laborers. He thought some of the allotment societies put too much stress on the agri- cultural laborers, and he was inclined to think that there was more need to give allotments to the artisans than to the former class. The Rev. V. H. Moyle seconded the adoption of the report. He stated that he had induced a number of manufacturers to use pure British honey in the preparation of various articles of commerce, and that the cultivation of bees in this country might be undertaken with verv great and useful results. Mr Fardon, hon. secretary, also made a few remarks, and the report was adopted. Mr Maclean, M.P., moved — " That the tendency of the population to leave the rural districts and to concentrate in large towns is fraught with serious evils and dangers both to the working and other classes." He opposed the principle of applying the power of the State to keep men in villages. What was to be done must be done on the lines of individual liberty and enterprise. Mr John Abbey, secretary of the Church of England Temperance Society, seconded the resolution, which was carried. — Times. A NEW REPEATING RIFLE.— Herr Joseph Schulhof, the inventor of a new repeating rifle, is about to visit England for some final experiments with his rifle, which he believes may be adopted by the British Government. The rifle (the Vienna correspondent of The Times states) was introduced to the notice of Mr W. H. Smith and Lord Randolph Churchill while they were in Vienna, and Herr Schulhof was subsequently invited to go to England. The experiments at Enfield were judged to be most satisfactory, but some modifications were suggested in the calibre of the cartridge, and these have now been effected. The correspondent says he saw the rifle tried, and to an unprofessional eye it certainly looks as if it could not be excelled for simplicity and effectiveness. Without describing its mechanism, it may be said that it com- bines the two requisites essential for such weapons, for it can be used as an ordinary rifle as well as a repeater. The receptacle for the repeating action holds 10 cartridges, which can be poured in with one turn of the hand from a cardboard case. The loading of the repeater can be done in four movements, the fourth being the turn of a lever which stops the repeating action. The loading for single-shot firing is done in three movements, and the action for re-loading throws out the empty cartridge case. Single shots are fired by a trigger, while the repeating action is worked by a knob handle. All the mechanism of the breech can be taken to pieces without the use of a screwdriver. The cartridges, which are shaped like small claret bottles, are of 7i½ millimetres diameter, instead of 11 millimetres, as in the Martini-Henry. The weight of 130 of them equals that of 70 of the Martini-Henry cartridges, which is the charge usually carried by a soldier. The rifle is to cost 60f., which is about 15s less than the Martini-Henry. The use of the cardboard cartridge-boxes is to be noticed ; for in the Mannlicher system metal boxes are used, and if these get bent or dented, as they are liable to do, the cartridge may stick in them at the moment for loading. This is impossible with the Schulhof boxes, which are opened by simply tearing off a piece of paper. Moreover, the Mannlicher boxes only hold five cartridges instead of ten. The ketch Secret is receiving cargo for the Forth and Leven, and will sail positively on Saturday evening. "ROUGH ON ITCH."— " Rough on Itch" cures skin humors, eruptions, ringworm, tetter, ??? rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch .................................................(3 NOW OPEN, ex Eideralis and Corinth, large assortment Novelties, Electro-Plate, Fancy Goods, Bird Cages, Babies' Carriages, cheap Water Filters, etc., etc. — FRANK HART AND SON, Brisbane street. ..................................(351 SHAKSPEARE said that "???seased nature oftentimes breaks forth in strange eruptions Had he been aware of the constituent parts of Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture, probably he would have advised his readers to fortify them- selves by laying in a stock is not too late to do this, as all the Chemists keep it FAMILIAR in their mouths as household words." Australians will do well to make this saying apply to Dally's Liver and Blood Mixture. Happy will their lot then be, for many of the diseases that distress mankind will have the sting taken out of them. 