TEE QUEENS HIGHWAY. -FROM QUEBEC TO THE ATLANTIC. [By STUART CUMBERLAND,] The intercolonial express leaves Point Levis, for the Atlantic seaboard daily (Sundays ex cepted) at 8 a.m., and arrives at Halifax at 9.10 the next morning, taking 25 hours and 10 minutes to get over the distance of 678 miles. Between .the . St. Lawrence and the sea there are no less than 100 stations, mostly places of call for even the so called "express." The intercolonial railway is Dominion property, and is worked by Government officials. As a strategical line it is of vital importance to Canada, and as a passenger line- although it lacks many of the essentials peculiar to the more progressive portion of the Queen's high way-the Canadian Pacific-it runs through much that is scenically and historically inte resting. Its course is. most roundabout; but it had to be so constructed, firstly in order .to keep entirely within Canadian territory, and secondly in order to take in the various settle ments en route. A glance at the map will show .how Canada has been robbed by the United States of her natural boundary, and how, through the State of Maine cutting into New Brunswick and Quebec provinces, it is impossible to make a straight cut for the sea t I daresay none but a French-Canadian would be content with the miserable pittance th *t some of the farming settlements yield, -but many of the river-valleys - especially the valley of the St. Charles-are, however, ex ceptionally _ fertile, and contain prosperous farms, which have been in the thrifty families who own them for generations*. A French-Canadian clings to the soil on which he is born with a tenacity as great as that of yonr Irish peasant or a Scotch crofter, and it is next to an impossibility to make hita see the imperativeness of emigration, although the original holding may have been so divided and subdivided amongst the different mem bers of the family until the plot of land out of which he is to make his living may not ba bigger than a moderate-sized pocket handkerchief. The whole of the country between Quebec and the Metapidiae is the land of the Kanneks; and until Rimouski is left behind the land of " les habitants da la Nouvelle France," as they once proudly termed themselves, alone is visible. Rimouski is 182 miles from Point Levis, and the line runs thus far along the Bhore of the St. Lawrence. ThiB is the point whera passengers and mails from Europe are landed in summer. From the time one leaves Montreal, whether by the north shore via Quebec or the Grand Trunk via Point Levis, until Rimouski is reached, one will be constantly reminded that he is in Saintland; for there is scarcely a station which is not named after some popular saint or other. At St. Anne, 73 miles from Quebec, there is a convent of grey nuns, and a college which will ac commodate 300 students. Six miles beyond St. Anne is Riviere Onelle, where, in the days long since past a tragedy was enacted, the memories of which have been preserved by the Abbe Casgrain in his story "La Jong leuse." The memoirs ofj the early Romaa Catholic missionaries are'full of romantic and exciting incidents, and the Canadian Govern ment has done well in publishing some of them. Every inch of the country through which we are now passing is historic ground, and many authentic records have been retained of the thrilling events which occurred prior to the British conquest and occupation. Some of these records are f^plete with wild legends handed down by the Indians. The legend, associated with I'llct an Massacre at Bic, beautiful Bic, is worth retelling. Many years ago, long before the pale-face came in his ships from over, the sea-for it happened long before the arrival of Jacques Cartier, to whom the legend was told by Donnaeona, the Algonquin chief-a band of Mic macs, consisting of 200 men," women, and children, pursued by a party of the terrible Iroquois, took _ refuge in a cave on the island opposite Bic where they were ultimately discovered by the enemy, who finding themselves unable to dislodge them by any other means burnt them out. All were massacred with the exception of five braves, who had previously made good their escape. These fugitives solicited ana obtained the help of a friendly tribe of Malacites, and to gether they secretly followed the trail of the retiring -Iroquois, whose csnoss and provisions they _ first removed. It was a long march from this spot to the land of the Iroquois, and the retreating warriors not only found their numbers daily diminished by nnBeen hands, but they were threatened by famine, game being scarce. By the time they .had reached the open woods, near what is now called Trois Pistoles River, their numbers had I shrunk to 27, and discouraged and weakened ! by hunger they made bat a feeble re sistance, when the yells of thfair fees burst upon their ears. All were killed with the exception of six, and these were divided amongst the allies. The Malacites took their three to their village at Madawaska, and history does not say what became of them. One of the three claimed by the Micmacs was put to death by the allies in the presence of the other five; and bidding adieu to the Malacites, the Micmacs, with the two remain ing prisoners, retraced their steps to Bic. The unfortunate prisoners^ Were then tied with their faces to the island on which the massacre had occurred, and put to death with all the subtle tortures that Indian savagery could devise. With their butchery the five Micmacs went their way, never more to return to the neighborhood; but the ghosts of the'j slaughtered brethren remained behind, and although their death, it will be seen, was amply avenged, they, so tradition 'says, never 'failed on the anniversary of their massacre to assemble on the island, wringing their hands in the agony of despair, and making the jagged rocks resound with their piercing wails. Tiie scenery up to Bic is graceful and very pleasing to the eye, but, to be candid, it is kby no meanB grand. On the opposite shore of the St. Lawrence there is, however, much scenery that is truly grand. At Riviere du Loup, 110 miles from Quebec, the passenger can take a< boat for Murray Bay arad the far- famed Saguenay. Who . has not heard of the Saguenay, that river which early ex plorers thought led to the nethermost pit t For downright gloomy awfulness commend me to this river, and as the boat glides over the black fathomless water between the chasms rent by angry nature in the frowning cheerless rocks one finds it difficult to overcome the first feeling of awe that the Bcene creates. With the tall of night and with all the bright ness gone out of the skies, the surroundings assume an even more fearful aspect. From out of the inky darkness Btrange devilish formB seem to issue and flit in threatening attitudes before yon, whilst from out of the depths of the im penetrable cavernB there, in accordance with your fancy, come the despairing moans of souls lost in endless torture. The early settlers were in constant fear of evil spirits, and rivers of holy water must have been sprinkled! by the pious priests in their endeavors to exorcise them. The first church in all Canada was built at the mouth of this most demoniacal river, and the ruins of which are visible to this day. The Saguenay is navigable only as iar as Chicontini, a place about 65 miles from its mouth. Beyond this stretches far away to James Bay a wild, desolate land, the home of the beaver, the marten, and the musk rat. At various points on the railway there are several much frequented summer resorts, the principal of which are Bic, Riviere du Loup, and Cocouna (the Saratoga of Canada). The country adjacent to the railway is intersected with navigable waterways, and by making portageB from the headwaters .of one river to another a man can. go hundreds of miles in ai canoe. As the train passeB onwards .one catches glimpses of the typical Kannek villages, steeped in an old world quietness, and there is no change in the aspect of these settlements until Metis is reached, whera for the first time since leaving Quebec tha land of the Anglo-Saxon is visible. Here tha traveller finds himself in a region where he cat* hope to make himself understood, for in tha land of theKannekthisisnextto impossible. Ttia language and customs of les habitants" will be found very foreign to the traveller just front the Far West. In their land he will, in the mora isolated spots, find considerable difficulty in making even hiB simplest wants understood, for just as he fails to understand their French they will be found ignorant of his English. "Les habitants" are French in all their thoughts and'in all their habits, and they have an un changing love for their language and a pro found veneration for their religion. They ara for the most part Bimple and God-fearing, leading peaceful moral lives, untroubled either by scepticism or ambition. They seldom travel, indeed many of them scarcely go bejond their chimney's smoke, each family providing for its simple habits and few wants with the production of its own fields and flocks. They are to all intents and purposes in the seventeenth century, and in adbermg to the habits of their forefathers they for tha most part shun everything that appertains to a nineteenth century progress; and although it may knock at . their very doors they remain deaf to its demands. Moored to the anchor of prejudice Quebeo province has stood on her old ways, whilst tha other provinces round about her have pro gressed and waxed rioh, leaving her behindhand in those very things to which she originally gave the cue. The French Canadian, although vivacious by nature, is after all a mere cteatura of routine and a slave of prejudice; he has all the Turk's hatred of being hurried; and whilst the Eastern makes signs behind his,back to ward off the evil eye when yon talk about inno vations, he crosses himself at the sight of every thing new, and prays the parish priest: to protect him from Buch heresies. The primitive methods of husbandry in vogue two or ,three hundred years ago are those mostly adopted by the French Canadians, who favor nothing of to-day. The agricultural implements in use are made in form* and of material often ineffective and ^invariably inconvenient. The peasant scratches the «arth with a plough modelled after those common to the time oE louis Quatorze, and beats out hia corn after the fashion of the ancient Greeks. Modera inventions in this direction are, of course, things to be shunned, and I question if a ^French Canadian peasant's misgivings about using any one of them could be overcome before It had been plentifully besprinkled with holy Crater. Tbepnests, needless to say, have an extra ordinary influence over "lea habitants." TheBe priests are in truth the pastors of their people, and look with a keen eye after the spiritual well being of their flocks, but, as with the early Jesuit missionaries, their primary object is directed towards teaching the said flock that Lthey have souls to lose in the next - world, whilst progression in this world has practically no place in their teachings. The curd is always a man of intelli gence and often of refinement, and whenever you come across him in this_ land of "la Nou ?veUe France" you will invariably find him most courteous and obliging. He is a little pre judiced atd old-faanioned, it ib true, but he is jjaesionateJy attached to the land of his birth, &nd; is exceedingly jealous of the ancient rights of his countrymen. He believes irmly in Satanic agency, and is honestly impressed with the idea that he i3 nerving God's will by resisting change, which to him strongly savours of the world,' the flesh, and the devil. He will tell you that iiis people are happy in the ambitionless, un progreesive lives they lead, and that they desire tothing better than to be left alone in this jeitful simplicity. It is a picturesque quarter of America, this Sand of the French Canadians, and, in its touches of old-world ism and relics for romantic past meeting you at every step, is altogether different from all other parts of the New World. Certainly no traveller over the Queen's Highway" with time at his disposal Should hesitate to break his journey at some of the chief points of interest. But I must warn him that outside of the larger centres the hotel accommodation is anything but good; a3 a matter of fact it is often than otherwise villainously bad. First, »s to the cuisine there is very little variety, and the cooking is extremely primitive, rough, and horribly greasy. So greasy is the soup that the question which invariably exercises a person of a- mathematical turn of mind is how many "dips" does each basin contain? But healthful exercise in the open air gives one an extraordinary appetite, and the traveller frequently finds himself eating in a wayside Kannuk hostelry food which he would undoubtedly turn from with loath ing if placed before him elsewhere. Verily it is well that the traveller can live most of his time in the open air, for he would cer tainly find but scant comfort inside the inn, which is generally as dirty and as insect-infested as any Spanish venta. 1 have had a considerable experience of the tribes whose nocturnal raids tend to make life in a venta potada, or even a first-class fonda, absolutely unbearable; hut I frankly confess that even a Spanish "chinche," strengthened and made arrogant as he often-is with the blue blood of generations of grandees of the first class, takes second place-in fact a back aeat entirely-when compared with afull .cented ladybird of the ancien regime. History fails to tell us which of the early explorers it was who brought these peats over from France, but wnoever it was has undoubtedly much to answer for. With a packet of Keating in one's trunk one can practically defy the various tribes of small red deer which leap and bound with unaffected joy imme diately a well-fed stranger enters his bed room; but a Kannuk punaise is said to be partial to insect powder, taking it as a tonic. Having no regular larder-for travellers are not numerous-die ever possesses a remarkably keen appetite, and with an avidity which knows no control she almost before you have bad time to say your prayers and to blow out the light commences to forage for her supper. After leaving Bimowski the St. Lawrence is gradually lost of, and on entering the Meta pediae Valley one leaves behind for once and all "les habitants de la Nouvelle France" and their ways. At Little Metis, 209 miles from Point Levis, and 27 from Rimowski, there is a colony of Scotch descent, originally eatab lished by a Mr. McMoir, the seigneur of Metis, who some five and seventy years ago .located several hundred men, women, and children brought from Scot land in various parts of the saigneury. {The venture was successful, and Metis is now a flourishing farming district. Excellent salmon fishing can be had in both the Little and Great Metis rivers. The scenery along the valley of the Meta pediae, through which the train now winds its iway, is amongst the most beautiful in Eastern America. In Algonquin parlance Meta pediae means " mineral waters," and there is certainly music in the waters as ij dashes and splashes in its shallow bed, resting awhile in its song as it glideB silently into the deep pools, the haunts of the salmon. At the village of Metapediae the river, which twists and bends in many shapes, effects a junction with the Hestigocche, another famous salmon river, and they both discharge into the Baie des-Chaleurs. The Restigonche forms a part of the northern boundary of the province of New Brunswick, and it and its tributaries drain a land which is for the chief part a wilderness of mountains and valleys unexplored by man. The Resti gonche has a most eccentric course, making wild bends at all kinds of angles from its source toits mouth. The Indians in consequence called it" the river that divides like a hand," it ?very striking simile. On crossing the river the train is in New Brunswick, and it halts at Campbelltown, 305 miles from Qaebec. From this growing town-which is most advan tageously situated both as a head of navigation and a rail was centre- one can take a steamer for the historic land of Gaspd, and from Gaap6 itself to that island desert Anticorti. Campbell town is in the midst of mountain scenery, and from the top of the much-vaunted Sugar-loaf a magnificent view can be had. Below lies the Sale des Chaleurs, that haven of rest in which Jacques Cartier during the memorable voyage of 1534 cast anchor after exploring the coasts of Labrador and Newfoundland, to which, in order to commemorate the grateful warmth experienced therein after the colds of the more northern latitudes, he gave it the name it still bears. To the north rise the dark Gaape mountains and that distant headland on which 352 years ago Jacques Cartier erected, in the name of bis king, the huge cross bearing the lilies of France, Before Jacques Cartier's days the bay was celebrated for its fish, and the Indians called it EcketreanNemaachi" ("the Sea of Fish.") Uow it is famous for its possession of a phantom Sight; and just as no Sydney man, unless dumb (and even, I think, he would endeavor to expresB himself to the Btranger by means of signs) will omit to ask you what yon think of our harbor," or as a Lisboner refrain from pestering you as to your ideas about "our climate," you will for a certainty, be asked by every Bay of Chaleur3 man you come across your opinion of "our phantom light." This phantom light is comparatively a modern institution, it being about 75 years ago that it first put in an appearance. (It has no place in either Indian legend or priestly record) on, it is said, the occasion of a band of pirates being wrecked on the coast. Those pirates, it is affirmed, had murdered the captain and crew of a vessel outside the bay, and on endeavoring to reach the shore had been lost, their destruc tion being announced by thesuddenappearance of the light aforesaid. This is all very well, but having accomplished its purpose what business has the light to keep on reappearing, especially" in the deadly winter and above the ice, as I am told it on one occasion actually did. It has never been my good fortune to eee this light, although I have waited and watched for it until all my belief in Its reality lias grown cold. The railway runs along the shore of the bay through many highly cultivated farms for a considerable distance, but by the time IBathurst (when the bay is left behind) is reached night has fallen. The Miramichi, the river of the '* happy retreat," and all the beautiful country round about, are passed in the darkness, and. the morn has not yet broken when Moncton, the head-quarters of the intercolonial system, is reached. Moncton, beyond being a railway centre, possesses very few attractions. It is a growing place it is true, but like all growing things looks scraggy end weedy. I should, however, in justice, add that like all places in the New World, Moncton is not without its " lion." Thia *'lion" is, however, to my mind, a distinct fraud. It consists of a tide, which I was led to understand frequently came in with a bore of 120 feet. Xt had either played itself out through these prodigious exertions of the past, or it had grown tired of the show business and desired a rest, for when I saw it the rise was less than 6 feet.. J should advise the contractor to withdraw the tide as an attraction, otherwise the town may get a bad name through its. inability to carry out its programme. From Moncton there is a line to St. J ohn, the maritime cityofNewBruns wick, and from thence to Fredericktown, its capitaL At PainB9c, eight miles below Moncton, the passenger changes cars for Shediac and Point duChene, from which latter place there is, in the summer, a daily boat service to Prince Edward Island, If the passenger is in a hurry and does not step off at Moncton and journey by .the midday train be will pass through Au Lac, with its historic memories, whilst the darkness is over the land, and will miss seeing the ruins or Fort Beaus<£ j'our, that stronghold where France made her last desperate struggle for the retention of Acadia. Beaut^jour was captured by Colonel Moncton in June, 1755. After leaving' Amhern, a town 49 miles from Moncton, the vast coalfields of Nova Scotia, are entered opon. At Tru*or 62 miles from Halifax, there is a branch line to Picton (whence the boats depart to Prince Edward Island) andNew Glasgow, where the traveller brandies' off via Mulgrave for that laud , of wild beauties-Cape Breton Island.. At Windsor junction, 14 tniler-from Halifax, there is a' railway cutting right inter, the heart of Acadia, the romantic land of Evaa£etia&..\ 2STo one should miss the opportunity of visiting this land of beauty and romance, where almost every inch ia hifltoric ground. Thirty-five minutes after leaving Windsor the express ar rives at Halifax, the Atlantic terminus. 