SOUTH KOI- AN. [FROM OUB OWK CORRESPONDENT.] Deoember 19. On Friday week it was noticed that some thing unusual was about to happen. Agibbet lookrnp sort of structure waB throughout the day erected in front of the Hotel de Posen, with fiags flying to attract attention. By billsposted about it was known that a small company of performers had arrived to cater fnr the rmhltc amusement. At 8 o'clock the sound of the cornet could be heard, as a signal that the performance was about to commence. Previous to commencing the one-legged man went through a few turns and twiBts on the horizontal bars outside. On entering the barn the ventriloquist went through a long conver sation with his images, which was both witty and humorous, and was evidently well relished by the audience. The Irish lovers, the police man, the negro, and other parts were very creditably performed. The one-legged man again went through some more feats with two rings suspended from the roof, and the whole conoludea with a farce, in which the ghost put to flight the gentleman and his lodger. On Monday night the performance was continued but was not well patronised. On the whole it was an improvement on the mountebacks that have held forth here before. Last week the services of the man in blue, tmd he been here, would have been made available. A couple of scamps arrived from somewhere making themselves obnoxious at the hotels and prowling obout private houses after dark. Only for a stupid movement of a man at one of the hotels, they would prooaoi^ be undergoing a sentence for burglary by this time, The contractors for the barracks seem to be very long winded about making s start, as tenders have been accepted some time ago. The ceremony of swearing in the Bingera soldiers of tbe Salvation Army took place on Wednesday night. Captain Hooper and Cadet Flanagan came from Bundaberg for that pur pose. ' * A fair assemblage was present, although a number of tbe saved did not show up. Some hymns wdre 6iiQg» is which the offioen gtstn la ted wildly, endeavouring to bring the music I into some sort of harmony. Testimonies were then culled fosr, but were tjie same old thing over again, commencing with the threadbare cry, oScely^ayqd. - poor old lady, with a heavenly. smile on her countenance, re*, marked thp.ttw- doubt tfre people would be greatly surprised to see her stand up and tes tify. Well, the people are past being sur prised at anything now, after what they have Been and heard. They might not be at all taken by surprise to see the old fiend himself walking in Bome night and giving his testi mony to. All those who wished to be eworn in were asked to stand up while the Captain read over the articles of war. On a shew of hands being called for six bold whitefellows and two blackfellows responded, and pledged themselves to comply with the articles to the very letter, which iB easier said than done. I 11 there's a hole in a* your coat®, 1 rede ye tent it. I A chiefs amang ye taking notes, I And faith he'll print it. The captain made some remarks as to the strength and succcss of the Army. General Booth and the Army in General were lauded to the skies, the clergy coming in for a fair share of dragging down. An anscdote was given by way of illustration. A man with a horse and cart got stuck up on the road ; a masher came up and told the man that he did not understand anything about a horse ; to take the horse by the head and tell it to get up. Several tries were made, but without success. At last a big nigger came up and put his shoulder to the wheel, and told the man to give the horse a cut with the stick, and giving a lift himself to the wheel at the same time, the horse and cart were got to the top of the hill without any further trouble. The masher represents the clergy and the nig ger the Army— rather a curious sort of anil lustration. After spiuning another yarn about a little boy blowing salvation on 600 people in the barracks through a cornet, .the meeting tiuacu. Rain is again needed ; the corn is getting freely covercd kwith aphis, some stalks are showing evident signs of blight. Christmas, merry Christmas, is with us again, with all its hilality and generosity. The sun rises on no day of all the year that is looked for with more pleasure than it. At Christmas time, amid the genial influences of the season, the disposition to do good pre* vails, and generous performances attest the pressure of the generous principle. What a heartiness pervades the wish of merry Christ mas ! We are glad to welcome tlie day, and say, in the language of Tiuy Tim, in his sweet and comprehensive prayer, -( God bless us every one,' and in the fullness of the joy of the season wc stand ready to extend our hand to all, and wish for happiness with this and all coming occasiods on all mankind. 