" How many women marry a good, sensibl mani" asks Kate Field, Only one, if tb man can help it. Some men are so penurious that they kee] everything they get hold of, except the te; commandments. Jones : " I see Smith has taken to riding : bicycle. What on earth is he doing that for?' Robinson : " Oh, a very simple reason-to prevent Mrs. Smith going with him." Irate Spinster (tauntingly to married fríen» with whom she is having a word- combat) " Ay, you ! Ye sought yer man J" Mamet Friend (complacently): "Tes; and I havi got bim, too !" Magistrate (to exuberant tramp in tin dook) : " Follow, how dare you sing alond ii court P" Prisoner : *' Your Washup looked sc awfully glum, I thought as how Ta cheer yot up a bit !" On his return from India, Brown was aekec how he liked tiger-hunting. " It is very good sport as long as yon bunt the tiger," he re. plied. " but, if bard pressed, he sometime! taheB it into his head to hunt you ; then ii has its drawbacks." How a woman can stand on a cold dav, witb her sleeves rolled up and her head bare, and visit ber neigbonr across the fence for IS minutes, and not think of taking cold, and yet cannot sit in a cold church ball an hour, wrapped in furs and plashes, without shiver- ing all the time, and sneezing a week to pay for it. " I always meet trouble half way." said Jones. " I don't," responded Jenkins, " but let him have all the walk for his pains ; and often he gives up his visit before he gets in eight of my house." "I shall find another channel for my ar- ticle," wrote the author of a rejeoted contri- bution. " That's right," was the answer of a courteous country editor? "The British Channel would be an excellent, j lace for it." A vendor of skirts was extolling bis wares in presence of a customer's husband. "Nb lady should be without one of these skirts/' said the shópmaa. "Well, of course not," drily responded the husband, who was some- thing of a wag. " She should be within it." A Chinaman is speaking to himself as he irons a shirt.- Picks up a shirt showing evi- dence of having been well bared for and Says : "Bachelor. Bim landlady fix.him." Picks, up another, buttonless and all frayed at the wrists and neck, and says : " Mallied mah." "You |ist ought to have been over at our house last night !" shouted one small boy to another recently. " Why-making pictures?" "Kant much! Humph! No, air; our folks went away, and we had , popcorn, two kinds bf sweetened water, milk and camphor, drew the dog round in the tablecloth, and the hired firirl told us eight ghost stories." In one of the Indian languages the word "woman" is rendered "kewanbjawjaw." We believe there is at least a dozen jokes to he got out of this, but we have not time to make them this week ; all we can say is that if all the names the female sex are known by in India are as long as this one, love making must be hard work. Last year, trusting to delightfully warm weather such as we have now had for so long, a certain individual pledged his topcoat. When the cold winds set in he went to the pawnbroker's. " Have you come to take out your pledge ? " asked the keeper of the es- tablishment. "Oh, J:O! I haven't the money, but I have come to ask you to put me inside my topcoat to warm myself a bit.'' The Duke of York once remarked to Col- onel W-, et the mess of the 11th regi- ment, that the colonel was uncommonly bald, and, although a younger man than His Boyal Highness, he stood more in seed of a wig. The colonel, who had been of very long standing in the service, and whose promo- tion had been by no means rapid, informed His Boyal -Highness that his baldness could be very easily accounted for. "In what manner ? " asked His Boyal Highness, rather eagerly. To which Colonel W-- replied *' By junior ofiioere stepping over my head." -The Duke was so pleased with the reply that the gallant colonel obtained promotion in a few days afterwards. A Scotch minister was sorely kept under by his " better half," who placed bim and his friends on very short allowance. On one \ occasion he hada visit from au old acqttain- j tance, and, after patiently waiting for his j Wife's departure, «he at length (as he thought) retired for the night. She bad no sooner left than the henpecked husband ex- ultingly exclaimed, " X am determined to be Casaar in my own boase !" and at the same time ordered whiskey and hot water. Just as he and his friends were beginning to en- joy themselves, "my lady" (who had over- heard her unfortunate lord's boastful ejacn i lation) popped ber head in at the door and j said firmly, " Cesar, oome to bed !" One night recently A party of touriste at an hotel were telling stories of famous sheta, and how many partridges, ducks, pigeons, and other birds bad been killed at a single dis- charge. ' After listening to what seemed Ja wilful exaggeration by .different narrators, a Yankee who Was present volunteered his ex- perience of hie only nee of the fatal double barrelled gnu es follows?:-I want ia a field one day to try {running. The only game ^IB covered was an immense Book bf # blackbirds. I should sny-there were ten thousand in the flock. Yea-ten thonsand. Slowly X crawled I op toto them, and when not »orb than four roáaá^ay tt^ ' I LSBÂ^SHHPÎ' llÉfS^^^;ÍeM; n^e by t^e VMlóü6Ü.l»neM,ranKÍiigfrom i^tmg^l "weht witto 