GHOSTS AND GHOST-SEERS. It is curious arid it is in some respects touching that the belief in phantasms and in the prophetical significance of dreams, which was one of the earliest beliefs of nrimeral humanitv. is also one which where it can find congenial soil still flourishes iu this scientific age. Indeed it may he said that of late this form of faith has shown a recrudescence appa rently as the result of. reaction from the dominant creed of science. Spiritual ism iu all its branches is hut the primitive belief in ghosts adapted to the mental environment of the present day. This form of faith lias lately so strongly asserted itself that an asso ciation of highly amiable gentlemen connected with literature was some vears ago formed in London to honor tliis aboriginal . creed with something like scientific investigation. This was tlio Society of Psychical Re search, and last year three of its most prominent members — Messrs. E. Gun- nev, F. W. II. Myers und F. Podmoiie — brought out a large work entitled " Phantasms of the Living," in vrhich they gave what they considered they were justified 'in presenting as the ciire- fully-sifted results of their inquiry. This work is made the subject of a rather remarkablo article by Mr. A. Taylor Innes, in the last number of the Nineteenth Centur;/, and it is to the argument of Mr. Inker that we now purpose to devote some attention. The authors of the work published on behnlf of the Psychical Society tell their readers that they printed and considered over 2000 " cases," and more than half of these were narratives of "appearances or other impressions coincident either with the death of the person seen or with some critical incident in his life history." Of these they adduce 702 numbered and detailed cases and present them to the reader. They .relegate flln of these to the supplement of their book, as being valuable but second-lmud, and upwards of 050 they give, " in which the main account comes to us direct from the percipient." Now the question is what t.lio evidence is worth in these eases, and it is clear that much must depend on who is tho percipient. . CoLEr.inoE, in reply to the question of it lady whether he be lieved in gh'osts said, "Ob no, madam, I have seen too many of them." But in any case whatever warrant such a per ception might supply for the belief of the percipient, directly it is offered as warrant for general belief it passes from the rank of first-hand evidence and becomes second-band. A B C and D are asked to believe in gli03ts because E says ho once saw one. Tho slightest capa city of weighing the value of evidence enables us to see that what is wanted to make this particular evidence of general validity is some external corroboration in tho critical -point to be proved. There is usually not much difficulty in demon strating the actual occurrence with which the perception is said to be associated, as for example -the deatli of a friend at the moment in question. The real difficulty is on the other side, as to the verification of the assertion thnt the percipient actually had the impression before he, in the ordinary way, became acquainted with the fact. Mr. Ikkes illustrates ihi3 point by an anecdote from his own experience. He was assured by a much- respected friend that when lie was a law student, 100 miles from home, he dreamed that he saw his brother clambering over the railings of his academy when lie slipped, impaled himself, and sustained injuries apparently fatal. ' So impressed was he by this dream that he next morning wrote and posted to his mother an ac count of it. His letter was crossed by one from his mother relating the actual occurrence just as he had dreamed it. Mr. Ikkes at once asked his friend " "Where are tlie letters ?" He got no answer, and , he could see that the mind of his friend was for the first time troubled with, a doubt. The letters were not forthcoming.- They would have proved the story, would have helped to render probable all similar stories. But they were wanting. It was in the light supplied by the recollection of this case that he submitted to examination the numerous cases collected by Messrs. Gubney and Myeii3, where it is alleged that letters were written under similar conditions. And he puts his question, " How many are there of the 700 cases of psychical research — how many even of those 850 first-hand narratives of our letter-writing age — in which the indefatigable editors have ' seen or ascertained' a letter or document issued at the time by the nar rator, so as to prove his story to be true ? The answer must be Not one." This is so surprising a result to emanate from all this parade of scien tific investigation that it is worth dwel ling upon. It is at ori.ee seen that there is no question of . the good faith of the witnesses. They tetl what they believe to be true. But that they believe that a certain narrative to be true is only a special instance of the general fact that many people be lieve that such phantasms or impressions do occur. We are all aware of the ex istence of such a! belief... "What we want is some outside evidence as to the objec tive truth of the special fact believed. Now, this evidence .would; bo admirably supplied by a letter written and sent before the percipient' had had bis impres sion verified in the. ordinary way. It is the best form of -proof -that could he desired. A re.cdrd written and retained i by the writer and subsequently produced is not satisfactory.'' . If still resolves itself into the writer's . own assertion. Entries in diaries are, as the psychical research editors are careful to point out, often proved to be made sub sequent to tlie verification, and not at the time of the 'impression, as- the writers hare -afterwards, -under the transforming influence of memory, come to believe. Logbooks /'as, being official documents ougbt'to be more trustworthy, but tho editors' repeatedly and em phatically warn us against accepting entries made .in them. - . But letters written and posted, form evidence which is — apart from -suspicion of fraud or forgery— beyond all, -question. . And in a very large number of tlie cases detailed it is said that such letters, sometimes crossing letters, were written. But not a single letter is produced. The most frivolous reasons are given for their non-production ; they have been "lost" or " destroyed," but though in some cases the narrators quote the letters copiously and verbatim, not one of the originals has been furnished to the editors. It is not to be wondered that Mr. Ikkes should rather " rub in" the argu- mout suggested by this gap the evi dence. He says : "If such a letter exists, with its contents and postmark undisputed, it is worth 1000 guineas in the market and its destination is a guarded glass case in the British Museum." It would form important evidence towards the demonstration of a i tremendous theory, by the substantiating i of which our knowledge would be immensely extended. Marvellous narra tives are hung on the fact that such letters were sent, stories which are chimeras without tlie evidence the letters would furnish, hut would be verified knowledge with them. They are said to have been written by dozens, and a recognition of their evidential importance is implied bv the act of writing them. The case thev would verify is a cherished recol lection. the spot "of wonderland in the lives of those who tell the story. Well, we ask for one of these pieces of docu mentary evidence, and what we are told is there is not one forthcoming. They arc all destroved as not worth the trouble of keeping. Surely their absence amounts to more thau a defi ciency of proof, and unless its cogency can in some way be set aside by the Psychical Society it really tells as dis proof of the most demonstrative kind. The case suggests that the difference between believers and sceptics is not a different judgment on evidence submitted but a radically different conception of what evidence means. As Mr. Tnnes says, these inquirers " lmve generally been too rest less to deal with this mntter according to simple and scientific rule, and have been found, almost as soon as they arc unwatched by the eyes of others, eagerly scratching at tho wall of the unseen. The care with which the ordinary law investigates the commonest occur rence mav be illustrated by a celebrated criminal case which took place here some months ago, when the points at issue, after being carefully sifted by a jury for a whole week, were afterwards reviewed and retested in two separate investigations held before tho Executive Council. And the question was the ex ceedingly commonplace one whether one or two young men were at a given hour in one suburb of Sydney or another. Yet we all know many highly worthy and even intelligent people whose ideas of evidence are such that they are prcpnred to believe in an occult world and to ignore all laws of nature on a statement made to tliem by a man at the corner of the street, or even by their great aunt ou the authority of something told her when she wn3 a girl, by her great grandmother on the mother's side ! Few reasonable readers, we think, will dissent from the provisional finding of Mr. Ikkes that the only explanation of the in variable absence of the corroborative evidence which, if produced and found genuine, would demonstrate tho case is thnt " this whole elas3 of stories is without real foundation. But," he pro ceeds, "any other solution will be welcome — to those especially who have for tnnny years kept open to themselves a possibility which these records of psychical research unexpectedly threaten to close." 