Mrtaey. July 15. At the request of Lady Brassey, a special meeting of the St. John's Ambu lance Association was held iu Govern ment House last night, when the speakers included Lady Brassey, Lord Curringtou, Lord Brassey, Sir Alfred Stephen, and Sir Heury Parkes. A deputatiou from the Anti-Chinese League waited on the Chinese Commis sioners to-day to point out the disadvan tageous effect tbat Chinese immigration and competition bad on the white labor. General Wong Yung Ho said he had no intention of advocating general immigra tion,' and thought the Chinese were much better oft in their own country. The Very Rev. Dr. Murphy, of St. Mary's Cathedral, has beeu appointed to the Rectorship of St. John's College, vice t!iR Rev. D. F. Barry, resigned. Tbe greater portion of the passengers by tbesteamerSyduey are French soldiers for Noumea, being 330 in all. Should tbe Minister for Mines conclude tbat tbe Bulli Commissioners report war rants criminal proceedings against any one, they will be instituted. Mr. Theodore Bevan last night de livered a lecture iu tbe Freemason's hall on the recent exploration of New Guinea. Lord Brassey presided, and Sir Heury Parkes made a short speech. The small-pox cases in the Quarantine ground are still in a doubtful stage, and are at present in strict isolation in pue ot the hospital buildings on shore. The coroner's inquiry into the Peat's Ferry accident was concluded this after noon. The jury returned the following verdict: — First: Wm. Henry Hankius' death was caused by injuries received by jumping or falling from the runaway train on June 21st, 1SS7, while' passing Peat's Ferry station, fearing danger from a collision or accident, and knowing the train to be completely beyond the control of the driver. Second : We attribute tbe accident to tbe great want of supervision on tbe part of the officials in the Railway Department in not carrying out the in structions laid down for their guidance, thereby endangering the safety of the railway travelling public. We consider the driver did all in bis power to control tbe excessive speed of the train. Third : We are of opinion that the engine was not sufficiently powerful to take the train safely to its destination. Fourth : We are further of opinion that the train was not properly inspected before leaviug Sydney. Sixth : We are likewise of opinion that the train was not properly inspected on leaving Hornsby. The six air couplings and taps were not eomplete in our opinion when leaving Hornsby. Seventh : We are of opinion that tbe brake power on the train was not suffi cient. tAt rider was added: — 'We earnestly request the Government, on be half of the public generally, to appoint a commi sion to inquire into the manage ment of the different branches of the Railway Department so that an organised and more complete system may be adopted.' Later. A cablegram has been received from Sir Saul Samuel confirming tbe state ments ot the Postal authorities tbat France resists the reduction of the transit charges on mails on account of tbe con vention with tbe Railway companies, but will again consider tbe question. Lord and Lady Brassey, and the Chi nese Commissioners, were the guests of Sir Henry Parkes to-day on a trip up the Blue Mountains. A complimentary banquet was given to Lord Brassey last evening by the members of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron. The Colonial Treasurer has given notice to a large number of men on the extra staff of the Customs Department, that their services will not be required after tbe end or September, the collection of ctd valorem duties ceasing at that time. While searching for the ootward vis ible signs of a reported ghost, tbe police at Tugdenbam, near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt human bones. Mr. W. Horder, of the firm of Atkiu and Horder, Singleton, dropped dead while at work in his mill yesterday. Lord Carrington, accompanied by Mr. Wallington and Colonels Wardrop and St. Quintin, left Sydney last night for Adelaide to visit the Exhibition. 