I Table M\\. I»y« miry bo lutorprotod In this colony to moan |ij|j toko ii long time to mako tholr fortunes, I now i\t Ctovormnont Houso n lino portrait of Ichby Horr Kahlor, purohaaad from tho artist and presented by a woalthy lady to Horr Kuhlor's original prloo for tho plo* ) gulnons, H. Allon hna boon rathor aovoroly snubbacl j,lrj/iM lor suggesting that tho Government por ft pvl/.o for an Australian National i and It aorvoti him right, Australia Is a part Umpire, and Australians aro, as a rulo' Jd«nt to noknowlodgo tholr Urltlsh nationality, |i Ik Alloa oftn glvo us anything bottor than tlio Queen, wo shall all bo glad to hoar lb | ►lonntlmo tho National Anthem which has Irobodlod la our uonntltutlon doos vory woll. PIRlVtlKNHUiVti WONO YUNW HO q,UltO lilt. lUisaoU, M.ti.A,., during hln rooonb vlwlt to ll»y aaklnt! Mm to »Udso iv whiskey." I'lvo IpommUjlonor no doubt wtui nnxloua to show ltwlty with tho iiuwiiumi nnd auatorua ol the Ttml wnH not imp pound to know Mint tho Hon' VuiuIkM toototidlur, FR tlmt olwbomtu pvopivvivtlona uvo bolng 'Ito IIUuMufttMn ot tho Ayo olttoo during tho Mulli\Ynn with Homo mild nurprlao that hllowhtR Hontonuu In tho Aytt louder of "Wr hiwo no ti'uivty ongngomuntH with ^ "> strong In tho fooling ol! tho working '^htollft, wo bolluvu, that rooiuiv thnn hnvo dllodhymiy trimty oiigugumoutH whlob tuny I M°l>y thu Homo ttovuvnnvont, thoy would * witoly niul with w tilnglw voluu In favour hum tho Mother Oountry | " and fchon I'tuooedii to jontlfy iKipnrutlou undor tlto 1 h luoi oonjmud mi, £u'1 'tm' flll^u,lty1'1 bitmo la unwarrantably ft to itorvu nil klndu ol advertising I'dodgoa 5 but I question whothor It has boon put to any J'baser use than in throwing tv glamour of rospootabllity over tho Jublloo Athlotlo and Sporting Oarnival, at the (Exhibition Building, Tho spautaolo of half-naked men (running foot-rneos, and of flfth-rato pugilists infllotlng loondign punishment on oaoh other, is at no time a very lodlfying ono f but it becomes moro repugnant still whon oonduotod in a Government building undor tho iprotenso of a Jublloo ontortainmont, Ourloslty promp ted mo to pay tho " Carnival "a visit on Tuesday night and it has seldom boon' my lot to witnass an exhibition loss roliovod by tho most slender elements of roflno mont, Tho podostrians, as I have stated, wore dressed in a costume which oould soaraoly bo aallod dooont and I was glad to soo that among tho thousands of raon thcro woro only four fomalos present, On a platform there was a sparring mntoh, and Professor Miller) who aotod as Master of Ooromonlos, was oompollod to put a stop to it, Tho rannagomont has slnoo nnnounood that tho pugilists would ilght in rod glovas; but T should imngino that tho glovos nlroady usod require no dyo to bring tham to tho roqulrod oolor, I AM astonlshad that tho Exooutlvo Commission of tho Centennial Exhibition with tho Chlof Justice at its head, ahoulcl pormlb tlio Stuto building in tlio uun ton Qnrdons to bo used for any such purpose, I do not suppose for a momonb that thcso gontlomon hud any Idea what tlio Carnival would bo 11 Icq whon tlio nooomiry permission was gran tod, but thoy should have hud soino rosponHlblo person prosont to rnprosont them, with full power to provont anything in tlio siiapo of downright brutality, If any auoh proooodinga woro to take place hi tho opou air, thoy would at onoo bo stopped by tho polluo, * * * To colonial oarioaturlsts in aoaroh of a study for a realistic iikutch of The Dog In the Mangor, I would re oommonti Aldommn Young, of Sydney, in tho nob of voting against tlio expenditure of tlio corporation funds on the Jubilee Illuminations, Alderman Young wan Mayor of Sydney last year, and signalised lilnwioll! by being tlie Unit olvlo dignitary In tho Mrlttuh itimplru to ootobratu lie/.' Majesty's Jubilee, Tlio oxpuetoil deuoratloii was not forthoomlng, however, and now that patriotic gentleman lias sueetimbed to a sudden lit of uoonomy, The yuuun (e not expending any of her own money in celebrating tlie Jubilee, sayii Alder man Young, and therefore her iiubjuotii are quite Juotl lled in following her oxnmplo, Wealthy oolonlulii not unfroquontly expend targe auma of money In fcho hope that thoy will rooelvo the star nnd ribbon of Sfc, Miahnol and Sfc. George, but thoy havo gonoraily the prudonao to aonooal their disappointment if thoir oxpoafcafcions are balked. Alderman Young haa boon.foolish enough to expose his splto, and at the samo time tho bittornea of hia mind, m * * AooonDlwa to Mr, Arthur Pntohotfc Martin, tho Now Hobridos and nmdivlaUaa quostlona, nt tho rooont Imperial Oonforonoo, woro very oxolting. Lord Salis bury was proaonfc, and tho Hon, Jamoa Sorvioo, tho ' Oavour,' of Australia, led oil', In fcho name of all tho botanies, ho insisted on tho Franoh ovnouafcing tho Now Hobridos j and in equally plain terras told tho English Proralor that tho utilisation of thaso Islands by tho Fronoh, as a 'criminal dust-bin,' was unneigh bourly, and would bo opposod by all Australasia, Lord Salisbury llsfconod with raoro than his oustoraary at tention to this and othor addrossoa, and then frankly told tho asaorablod delegates that, In his opinion, it would bo a wiso thing to hand over tho aovoruignty of tho Now Hobridos to Frnnoo, provided alio ontorod into an arrangement to doslsb from tho deportation of woedivkitea, This weighty pronounooraonb brought Sir Graham Borry to hi# foot, who, tn quite his old form, oloquontly opposed Lord Salisbury's proposal" Inasmuch as Franco had already broken hor word by oooupylng tho Islands, thoro was no way of, binding hor to any frosh ongagoraonb, Sir Samuol ClrllUbh and ijfr, .DonIda woro as strong as Sir Graham In impress ing on tho Promlor tho nooosslty of Insisting on tho Fronoh evacuation of tho Now Hebrides, •Clontlo. men,' said tho Promlor subsequently, ' do you wish us logo to war with Franco over tho Now Hebrides?' Thoro was no direct answer, and Sir Fran els Boll, tho New /joaland Agont-Qonorul, took a more oonolllatory bonoithan his Australian oolloaguos, But lb Isbollovod that Lord Salisbury and Sir Juntos Forguson woro much impressed with the evident earnestness of the majority of tho Australians, and In all probability Lord Lyons will bo shortly busy In Purls in urging tho desir ability el! tho Fronoh scuttling out of the South li'aulllo | In fact Lord Salisbury admlttod as much in tho House of Lords on tho Monday following tho dismission at the Oonferunou, * « * AS unpleasant rumour ufl'ucLlng very oloaoly tho character of a mombor of tho University Oeunell has roaohod me, and I retail it fur what It Is worth, It Is staled that a gentleman who has a place la that august body, recently attended ono of the meetings in such an advanced stage of alcoholism that it was deemed desirable to send him home. This duty -was undsr taken in the true spirit of Christian charity by an esteemed clergyman, who has since had reason to question the unvarying truth of the maxim that virtue is its own reward. The footsteps of the layman were so unsteady that his olerioal brother, in accomodating himself to his gait, was compelled to describe a series of zig-zags on their homeward way, and some irreverent ribaldB have not hesitated to allege, that it was a oase of the blind loading the blind. The unpleasantness which the affair has occasioned to the reverend gentle man and his family may be easily imagined. When members of Parliament go to pionios and balls accompanied by ladies who are not their wives, no notiae is taken of it} but it soems that the code of morality in vogue among militia officers is of a higher type. Quite recently a gallant major of the attended on ordorly room ball with a fair partner attached to him by no legal ties, nnd there was the diokons to play about it. The bther married offloers present swore that their wives had been insulted, and but that the days of duelling aro happily ovor, a dozen swords would have leapt from thoir soabbards to avenge the wrong, It was in vain that the major protested, in vain that ho brought his wife's testimony to the unimpeaohabie oharaotor of his partner, the martial spirit of his comrades was roused and not to bo appeased, Finally an informal court-martial was held, and the major's name removed from the aotivo to the unnttnohod list, Mars himself, if ancient ohronlolers do not lie, wns loss partioulnr than his Viotorlan proto. types seem to bo, An ingenious Adelaide famlly—Adolaido ia full of ingonious pooplo—recently hit upon a now mothocl of lowering their houao ront, The landlord had givon them notice of hia intention to raise the ront, and the residenco being an ollgiblo one, there woro plonty of applicants, Suddenly there was a cessation in the on quirlos at tho agent's offloo, and a dreadful rumour sproad about that tho liouso was haunted, Unonrthly lights woro soon flitting about tho windows, weird shadowy forms woro distinguished in tho baok-yard, and blood-ourdUng moans woro hoard all ovor tho plaoo, Nobody would tako tho house at any price, and tho original tenants woro loft in poaooablo possession. Tho landlord, howovor, bolng of an onqulrlng turn of mind, sot a watoh on tho plaoo, and ho soon dlsoovorod that tho ghosts woro vory oorporoal, Indeed, Tho mem bers of that family aro now bolng prosecuted for con spiracy, A MA'rxmn will bo hoard shortly in tho probato Juris dlation of tho Supromo Court of Victoria, which is likoly to dlsaloso somo sensational particulars, Tho testator was woll known in the host circles of Mel bourne sooloty, and dovlsod his fortuno—amounting to llttlo short oJ! rft 100,000—to tho indy who hud always pnasod us lilu wlfo, and tho olilldron oi tholr union. It now turns out, howovor, that tlila lady hud no right to hour tho testator's namo, and that oho hud iiatually a hUHband alive whan tho unhallowad alliance \yau contracted, Tho olilldron are consequently Ille gitimate, and strenuous olVorts will bo made to upsot tho will. Thto intolligonoo will bo rooolvod with iv shook oi surprise ivb Clovornmont House rind tho most oxoluslva mansions, whai'o tho doaoasod gentleman and hlu supposed wlto woro froquont rind wuioomo guests, It miiy bo that tho lcuowlodgo oi similar laxity oi mot'iihi lnduood Bishop Barry to lovol Uln indictment against tho wanltliy olassoB oi Sydney recently. Oivifi sorvantfi aro popularly supposed to bo very woli paid for their sorvtous to tho State j and, there fore tho intolligonoo that one oi tholr number, who Jilis boon olasslllod hIiioo 1H7H, Is roeolvlng only ,1108 por annum will come as a revelation to most people, ft would appear, from tho schedule oi Osoar Henry Phillips, that he booame Insolvent from tho following causes :—"Not having boon able to llvo upon the salary .!• received from .the Government, which was, until the month of July last, £88 per annum, and since then £08 per annum, and slokness in family." Phillips was classified as a telegraph operator and messenger'under the old Act in 1878, and was reclassified in the flEfch oiass, clerical division, by the Olvil Service Board in 1888. 1 fool s certain that the most rigid economist has no wish to compel civil servants, either to slave or run into debt; and it is to be hoped that the publication of Phillips'misfortune will put an end to such gross injustice for the future. - I have reoeivod the following communication, wbioh I publish without comment:—" Silt,—I always take great interest in your fashionable news, and marvel at the cleverness of the writers who manage to give such vivid piotures of tho High Life, whioh at present so much prevails. I assist at most of these fates and fashionable functions j but, alas I only as a waiter on the festive throng, In common with many of my assistants, I am always extremoly puzzled to know on what principle tho guests are solootod, Or do they by foroe of impudenoe select thomselves ? Of oourse there are the very wealthy who cannot bo loft out, and the official world including members of Par liament, But what about the crowd of dead-heads who always figure at ovory Government House funotion ? Many of ttiem are neither wealthy, witty, nor wiso, We who look on and hear a groat deal more than Is Intended for us, hnvo heard It whispered that those matters are entirely settled by one or two pushing frisky matrons who, by dint of flattering and potting the very young attaohea, gain such Influence over thorn that the Government House list Is modified to suit their.1 own. Indeed, I have hoard many Indig nant spoaohos, tho purport of them all bolng i—'That to be of good birth, to live quietly, and to avoid notorloty is to mako pretty oortain that you will not bo added to that speolal list of young and old ladles, who are always spoken of as bslng on tho staff, I nmquito oortnln that Lady Looh (who Is a woll-brod and most graolous lady), must, if sho ovor takes tho matter Into consideration, wondor very muah at tho qualifications of hor ordinary guests, as docs tho world In gonoral, Who dcoldos those matters? Why are persons who, In tho old oountry would bo tho equals of Sir Honry, rejected, and othors rogularly invited who would in England novor gob boyond tho Servants' Hall. Surely it ought to bo somobody's buslnoss to rovlso this Sooloby list, By all moans lot tho suooossful storo koopors and oattlo salesmen remain, but do not alto gothor oxoludo tho poor but honest oduoatod olassos Buoh as graduates of English and foreign universities, barristers and lltornry men, whoso quallfleatlons, con sisting only of good birth and brooding, onnnot, of aourso, oompnro with tlroso fnshionablo loaders of Society who hnvo mado a pllo on hides or struok oil on a rise In molosklns, My professional brothron lravo often discussed this quostlon, and soma who havo soon bottor days aro rather soro about it j bub, aftor all, wo are In tho Antipodes, and It is nob surprising that goutlomon havo to glvo way to oads,—Yours, Jjdamwb," T. tiWAUN thub lb Is in contemplation to publish n second Oivtliolio pupor In Molbourno. Tho projectors think that 1£ Now South Wnlas aim support throa nnd Tnnmitnln two journals dovotod to tho discussion of llomiwi Cntholla nnd Irish Bubjoats, bhuro Is plenty of room for another in Melbourne, AN unrohonrsod " situation," qulto good onough to ho lnoltulod In ono of Mr. IJlttnd Holt's sonsnbloiml melodramas, took pluaa tho abhor day In it Oolllmu Btroob hotel. Several well-known mun about town wuro ranged round tho prlvivto bur, nboub to ptutnku of tholr miiturtnl refresher, when onturn n luwyor'n clerk with u suMplolous looking document Mud up with n hit ol! groan tillk. Singling out ono of tho jovial uompitny, it n(|Uiittor who hits lost oloso upon iU 100,000 during tho lust fow yours, tho limb of tho low itMkud to spunk with him In private for n moment, " Never mind old fellow," said the whilom wool-klng,»»Wc here. Tell rae the amount and I'll »|T(1 at onoo." It wan a writ for £05,700, all ? *& owned in the world, and an ho asked thecllv? a drink ha informed him ho dld'nt think he that little account just then. * I MnKTloNET) last weok that Mr.Boaion ft, Englishman, who made suoh a stir here to, had oome in for a fortune of £000000 hoar that Sutton (Sevier), tho bookmaker, hM £5,000 an hin share, and that Mr, Joe ThonwJ other members of the ring will bo able to wiee^ heavy wagers off their books, Mr, Horizon is c a pigeon worth plucking, MABmion writes s—•" Some oooupatlon Is M be provided for the lawyers by tho rival clalmaatf some property bequeathed by a lady jtut dJ What makes the ease no peculiar Is the e.rapt'| value, from an artistic point of view, o! which the testatrix has loft bohlnd her. Thy J prise valuable marble statuary and bronzes (dll | modern), old and rare engravings, equally chotiej sumptuously-Illustrated books, miniatures, csnl and ourlos of every description, A lew years ajJ oolvod a note from a Belgian lady, occnpyiejs ments in a mkldle-olass house In Oolllngwoxl, ii me to inspect her collection, I did so, arils touishod to And so remarkable a collection o( ft of vortu in such a plaoo, Tho tsvo rooms in whiftl were arrangod resembled a musoum, There win of mystery about the owner I oould not umld She was evidontiy a woll-brod woman, whs Frenoh and Italian fivtaafcly—preferring the oonvoimtionnl purposes—.and possessed a c«;{ knowledge of art and artists, as well as of ardtv'j but stiil tho question aroso— Quo (liable attuitt'j items ootto galevu ? It now nppoars that hot i-i band, a IBolgian, illlod somo diplomatic or •>:: post in Rome, whore ho had oolloctod tho art trai abovo roforrod tot Alitor his death she rani woalthy Atnorioan, from whom she separated. allowod hor a handsome Inoomo, What lali.t to sottlo down in "Victoria I onti't ascertain, wooks bof oro hor doath a dignitary of tho Roman Ci| CJhuroh oaliod upon hor, and she made a will, to;: ing ovorythlng sho possossod to that Institute| honovor oamo, and sho subsequently made a will, rovoklng tho formor, and devising Iwte'tol shop boy in Richmond, who had boon o.woe<lioy'/J to hor, Tho validity of tho document b '"'P'1* understand, by tho dignitary aforesaid." Titm Right Rov, John J, Orlnos, S.M., D.MJ Bishop of Ohrlstohuroh, is of Irish oxtawiiJj tho matornnl sldo, and was born In Fobrunvy 11, 18tl8, His early youth was Inn oonnootod with tho Marlst Fathers, who. In parish, Qpitalilolcls, in tho thick of that popM o£ Mast London, labor among tho poor o( | dhlllfOi, OE JJinoQ jjonvtuii, titwu* ......,_w On tlio aomplotlon of lite aoaondmy studio, pursued jit fclio oollogo of I3ni'"lo"(lii(ii Noiho, h|3j followed fcho Jdghoi'ooili'SOB of phUoaojdtyi>inl ''j Ifor soma yours uf tor ordhmtlon Jio «w i>i(| j tlio touching stud! of St, Mary's Ctollw lw«lil!f fchoro us pro feasor of tlio moat ntlvrtisccd Mnglteh llfcornturo and olnaaloa roiuloruil adi"11 norvluo, Gulled nwuy la 1871, Dr. ("""J appointed to ifo/l'ot'sou Clollogo, 'm 's'0 °| J/outelunu, United Btntes, tm<! tlmhiffwW" unremitting tell us profusaor, no (UicoteCi '|"1 iw president of the college, rnlsud the I"'1'1 . Htnndurd of proficiency. Blnoo I88I1 IV'|W J summoned t» Muropo, ho Iiiim boon owi*1'1,1 "l my colonies In Paignton, u pmtty w'ltcr^','T 'I'orquuy, Honth Devon, wliei'O ho founded n flourishing purlali. Idwn ^ ' .Paignton ho Is oullod upon to III! dis l""'<j 1 Gutlioilo lllshop of Olirtelohuruli. '''* uecienijilhihod nottolnr, uud ite u otiltlvid^l'1"' pulpit orator ho has already nmdo M"11"' M[h7,l/yw °£01iy oolumn of a 1,0O0nfc d£ltQ tho fo1" BI? advertisement appoars• ■' TKUrn.-Pioimo oommunlanto with J. Ii. rurvo8 Kf (_•),,mcery Lnuo. BfmV 1 "sk«cloe9 S' L' Pur,'es' ]EC^q', C3'0'1 of 0hclI> ■ DC| „.nat with Lover of Truth, and who Is that KmoiiJ parson, anyhow. 1 rooommond this advar Knt as a capital foundation upon whioh to build a Bfjcnsational story. B * * # Kt; day or other a grateful posterity will bo placing Kmorial tablet In the Supreme Oourt Library Hit. tho name of his Honor Mr. Justlco Korford |L proud uiotto Si quwris mimummtum oiroum- I Ef The ex-Attorney-Ofenoral has not aohiovod so H during his long and uneventful career, that ho Elbe denied whatever credit attaches to tho eon. Hlon of tho pretornaturally and phenomenally ■venlent pile of buildings known as tho now Law R, Well, tho Judge was, the other day, doing tho Eof the plaoo to tho Chinese Commissioners, anc-j Eituralty anxious to show them the flno view from ■roe. lint his Honor has grown fat, and got llii tho winding stair, from which undignified Em ho was extricated only by a vast amount of Bin on tho part of his alarmed associate and a lot bootless barrlstovs. Then tho lato morabor Scchworth suddenly remembered that ho had an ■toont In olmmbors, and loft tho Oolostlal visitors Ergo of his staff, jl'i,AYFoiu>i tho now Promler of South Austrnlin. |r Homy l'arkos, of Now South Wftlos, hna ft good tt trouble with tho nsplfftbo, and hla contempt for lb something ok In to thnb of ft oortnln provincial 1 In Victoria. Tho lion, goutlomnn liaa juat I Mi Ministry, nnil ntuong tho mortal onomioa ho Intel in tho process Is ft Mr. Mattinaon, whooo ■lly beguiles his lolsuro by writing vorao.of ft Irly cxnsporntlng oharaotor, It wna for thla [ftlnclpully Unit Mr, Mattinaon wna loEfc out of liylortl Clovornmont, tho orown of hla oll'onoo lay of n poem which ho composed and dollvorod I House o( lloprosontfttlyoa whllo tho Soolnjj I Hill wns undor discussion, How far Mr.. Piny [imtltlocl mny bo authored from tho oonoluding |oithe" poom " which runa na follows i— " Murrlml mini's n tronsuro, . Although hps prone to ronui, Wo will pi*M this mousuro, Ami mnko him stay ut homo," » * * [classlonl fablo of Tho Frogs, la roonllod In tho Ion of his Lienor Judgo Hlolsmutt Moloaworth, to fcchot thoOounty Court, Not that X moitti to |hnt Judge Oopo wna it log by tiny moans, but ,w<u certainly mildness itaolf compared with (the vigorous young lnwyor who has UUod IiIb I hlmtuvor tho tmrrlstora may thlnlc of Judgo ptihsilutormlnfttlon to prooood with tho busi ly Court, without regard to tho poraonal—-not |h rtsh tritoruHts of tlio legal profuaalon, It |° l,lu llullHy approval of Hiiltora gonorally, Timau whoaro unpuuotual In tholrongagomonts, ■ wvo»tan many Irons In tho lira," goiiornlly l.jj11'iHuoronaon why tho yontlo I'onB ''"^"lumld onjoy luunutiltloa donlod |tltl wlltotlul ooutnlns tho Inluvuiit" Wllon iliul <>ilm> MuJuHfcy tho CJuuon, 1 tmvuUud \>y vnU ovuv tho Tivy Hrhltfo »n I to StJulVniuV,** Wu nhnll ho tolil nuxt that I'hltovH !tom Byilnuy habitually i»ivhm tho NWniu UuUwuy Mlivtlon on tholr way to I , * I * U«Utt«lii» <>( Uihi Ufo two nliU'llloK< Tho onou 1' '"oIkiwiv (Jnpul In lit (JullComlii In vovy low jt'A' Mr' tUiulull UoUtHinhl) too, who lor Tu Wik HtitHluil I.mnlon with n iliwmUi»K F"t ov.it' n^Otm, lu now uoltlud UH U P"nl ^ Ihwuus Ayt'os, untlor tho niimu ol! liOtiWlMibt 