THE JUBILEE CELEBRATION. CHURCH SERVICES, The local celebration of Her Majesty's Jubilee may be said to have commenced on Sunday last, when there was a special church parade of the Albury Volunteer Corps at St. Matthew's, at morning service. The local force was strengthened on the occasion by the presence of a detachment of cavalry representing the Sydney Lancers, the West Camden Light Horse, and the Illawarra Light Horse. The Albury corps was under Lieutenant Thomas ; the cavalry was in charge of Captain Dodds of the Lancers, with whom were Captain Weston and Lieutenant Graham. In the evening a special religious service, conducted by the clergymen of the Anglican, Wesleyan, and Independent churches, was held in the Mechanics' Institute. The large hall was densely crowded ; every seat was filled, every foot of standing space occupied, and a number of persons were obliged to go away without obtaining admission to the building at all. On tbe stage a temporary readingdesk had been erected, at the rear of which were seated the choirs of the four Protestant churches. The clergymen on the platform were the Rev. Canon Acocks, the Rev. Mr. Weston, and the Rev. Mr. Steggall. A letter was read from the Rev. Mr. Henry regretting his inability to attend, and expressing his fullest sympathy with the olject of the meeting. Tbe Rev. Canou Acocks opened the proceedings with a few words indicating the order ot the service, and pointing out that as the gathering was for the purpose of public worship, no expression of approbation or dissent would be permitted. The National Anthem was then surg, with the interpoldtion of a special verse alluding to the occasion, part being given as a solo by a member of the choir, the rest by the choir and the congregation. The Rev. Canon Acocks then read some prayers from the Church of England service, and extempore prayers were offered up by the Rev. Mr. Wesson and the Rev. Mr. Steggall. Portions of scripture were also read by the clergymen named, another hymn was sung, and The Rev. Canon ACOCKS delivered a short address, aB follows :—I will take as the keynote of my address this evening five words from the lesson that has been read—" Fear God, honor the King." We are met to-night on one common platform, sinking for the time our denominational differences, the minor question of church government, forms, and ceremonies, to unite as a body of Christians in expressing with one heart and one voice our thankfulness and gratitude to the King ot Kings for the prosperous progression and happy reign of Victoria, our beloved Queen ; for the favor and grace that has placed and kept us, as a nation, in the foremost rank of the great nations of the world ; and we are met to praise our Gad for the long-suffering goodness thtt has borne so long with our national sins' and been merciful to our national iniquities. We are met to take our place and part in tbe great jubilee which celebrates tbe growth and greatness of our vast empire, in giving glory to God for His goodness to our nation and our Queen during the past 50 years. God does not and cannot deal with nations as He deals, or may deal, with individuals. The sinner may fill up his measure of iniquity, and know little of the punishment of sin until he stands before God's tribunal in another world. Tbe Psalmist complained that " The wicked flouriBheth like the green bay-tree." " Li, these are the ungodly ; these prosper in the world." The sin ot the individual is not always, not olten, punished in this life. But the nation must be dealt with as a nation, receiving its rewards and punishments, its tokens of Divine pleasure or displeasure, here; and while there is and has been much in our national life to bring down the Divine displeasure—our social sin?, our selfishness, the great gulf between the rich and the poor, the desecration of God's Holy Day, and the neglect of the privileges with which He has endowed us—yet England still has that salt of grace in its midst which has preserved it in the past, purified it in the present, and enabled it to retain the foremost place in tbe march of civilizition, religion, and science. But in estimating the true strength and greatness of our nation, I would look not so much to the strength, numbers, and efficiency of her ' ships of war; not exclusively to the bravery 1 or efficiency of her soldiers ; not alone at the patriotism of her senators, or the loyalty of her sons. Egypt, Bibylon, Greece, Rome could boast ot some or all of these elements of national greatness; and where are they now ? Gone, as all godless nations have gone, leaving only a page in history to teach us, and all who came after, that it is the Lord God Omnipotent who reigneth, that He puttcth down one and setteth up another, and that it if as true of empires and nations as of individuals, that " Them that honor Him He will honor, and those that despise Him shall be lightly esteemed." No, brethren, in estimating the true strength of tbe British Empire I would point not only, or chiefly, to our army and navy, or wealth or prestige, but I would point to tbe great religious institutions of our country, to that great agency which has distributed millions ot copies of tbe Word of Life in every known language, in every part of the habitable world — to that Bible which our Queen has declared to be the real secret of England's greatness. I would point to our great missionary societies, which have sent tbousands of men and women to preach the jubilee of the Gospel, and many of them to lay down their lives for that Gospel, in the dark places of earth. And I would point, too, to the fact that on this day millions of our fellow-subjects have met, as we have met to-night, to acknowledge the sovertignty of the Lord God of Hosts, to declare and testify in the language of that grand old hymn the " Te Deum," which we have sung to- night, our allegiance to the Lord of all tbe earth : " We praise Thee, O God ; we acknowledge Thee to be the Lord. 'All the earth doth worship Thee, the Father everlasting." But while we thus join in a jubilee of praise and thanksgiving to oar God, we shall not rob Him of the glory due to His name while we thus "fear God," we also, as He has commanded, honor the Queen. And therefore in this service to-night we not only testify and offer our gratitude to God lor His goodnes?, but also express our loyalty and attachment to that beloved sovereign whom He has called to rule over tbe vast territory and varied races ol the British Empire. Yes, brethren, we thank God that He has given grace to our Qaeen to do her duty so faithfully, so nobly, so loyally, as not only to win the esteem, reverence, and love ot her subjects, but to command the respect and veneration of the whole world. We thank Him that under her beneficent reign our nation through all those 50 years has grown in greatness, and made her voice to be heard and feared all the world over. And side by side with this growth of greatness there has been a growth in liberty. The British subject all the world over is free, enjoys true liberty. Liberty, not licence; he is not—and let us hope be never will be—free to rob and murder hiB brother with impunity. But he enjoys freedom of speech, freedom of person, and above all, that freedom for wnich our forefathers bled and died in years gone by —liberty of conscience, freedom to worship our God. And while we thus honor our Queen—the best of Queens—we may also remember her virtues as a woman. Her deeds of sympathy and charity are not all proclaimed to the world : one of many thousands of such had a slight connexion with ourselves. Many of those who hear me will remember a gentleman, Captain Brownrigg, who was for many years our police magistrate, a devoted and loyal subject and servant of his Queen. When his son, who was also a captain in the Royal Navy, was killed while capturing a slave-Bhip off the coast of Africa, Queen Victoria, with that womanly and thoughtful'kindneBs BO conspicuous throughout her reign, wrote with her own hand letters ot sympathy to the bereaved father and widow; and it anything could have reconciled the good old man for the loss of his sailor son, it would have heen that letter of sympathy and condolence from the sovereign he loved so well. And this is only one of numberless expressions of thoughtful, womanly sympathy, given alike to humble and noble, to the suffering and Borrowful. Her kind, true, queenly woman's nature found its best and truest enjoyment, not in jageant or parade, but in works of charity and ( siodness, thus following in the footsteps of' Him who "went about doing good." And thUB Through all those fiftyyears, Through all her joys and tears, Through peace and war, God has upheld her throne: While round it love has grown, Binding vast realms in one All the world o'er. But we have another King, the Lord Jesus Christ, a King whose power is omnipotent, a King whose love passeth knowledge, a King whose sympathy extends to the most wicked and wandering of His subjects and children. Do we love Him 1 Do we honor Him ? Has He a j.1 ice, the chief place, in our hearts 1 Do we recognise HiB rule,'obey His laws? Can we say of Him, " This God is my God for ever and ever, and He shall be my guide, even unto death" 1 Then, and not till then, we shall indeed fear God and honor the King of Kings. The Rev. Mr. STEGGALL chose for his text Ecclesiastes 10, v. 16 and 17 :—" Woe to thee, O land, when thy king is a child. Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son ol robles, and thy priuces eat in due season for strength and not lor drunkenness." The preacher said :—The striking contrasts here drawn in a few strokes by a master's hand appeal to the understanding of the moBt simple. The statement needs no explanation. But because we get a better grip of a fact when contrasted with its opposite, we speak from both verses. Under the sway of a childish, voluptuous ruler, national life becomes disorganised and corrupt. Such a ruler cares not for his people. He seeks only to gratify hie own whims and tastes at the expense of the nation at large. He lives to display hie wealth, to exercise his prerogatives, otten most wilfully and unwisely. He sets good government at defiance, and cares only for himself. What he is, his court his. His favors are granted to men whom he can use as his tools, and who for his favor do not hesitate to be unjust; setting at nought the common .rights of the people, and exercising their power and position for endB aB unworthy as those of their master himself. As with the ruler, so with the ruled. Lst the spring be tainted and the stream will be foul. Woe be to that land whose king is a child ! In such cases the monarch has no conception of his tremendous responsibility, and as a rule he throws hie whole influence and example on the side ol unrighteousness. We need not for a moment stay to confirm this by reference to history. It is enough to say Rome lost her magnificence and glory and power when her Cajiars became voluptuous, immoral, unjust, childish. England's glory, too, was perhaps never so dim as during the reign of the Stuarts ; and had it not been that the influence of true piety through the ParitanB was greater than that of royalty, our national character would have lost much of its honor. Were it not true that many rulershavebeenlittle better than childish men of corrupt and debasing character, our civilisation to-day, wide as it is, would have been vaster still. Bat we turn from this side of the contrast to the other. " Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy priuces eat in due season for strength aud not fof^runkenness." On this ocsasion, when we in common with the rest of Britannia's subjects thank the Lord God Almighty for HIB goodness to our most gracious Queen, we are glad to think that this verse aptly describes both herself and her people. She is indeed noble, and her whole life shows most unmistakably that her nobility is not so much derived trom a noble ancestry as from a devout and reverent service of the King of Kings aud Lord of Lords. It is not by following the example of her predecessors, but by following Him who was at once the Son of God and the Saviour of Mankind. The principles that have guided her life are those which only the truly noble know—principles learned at tbe feet ot Jesus. Herein fel'ow loyal subjects, does her nobility take its rise, and hence ner righteous rule. That must have been a solemn moment when, 50 years ago to- morrow, the young princess was informed of the royal and distinguished position she was called to by the death of her uncle. We can well imagine that the Archbishop of Canterbury would speak in broken tones when asked by tbe maiden Qaeen to pray for her. That simple yet solemn request was a true index of her heart-dependence upon Almighty God. We would not be betrayed into exaggeration in displaying our loyalty as we remember that we are gathered here for worship, but we do not hesitate to say that as " the fierce light that beats upon the throne " has revealed her to her people, that a more Godfearing, equitable, sympathetic monarch has never sat upon the British throne. And to-day we unite with the rest of our nation in thanking God for His abundant goodness to her. Through her character as a Queen, a lady, a wife, a mother, and a Christian of no mean type, boundless blessing has flowed to her subjects throughout her wide empire. No sign of intolerance has ever exhibited itself in her reign, but on the contrary, never was there such broad and wide civil and religious liberty —liberty which we fear has in some cases been used as licence. Her wisdom, virtue, bennficence, and sympathy have found expression in many ways, and he is indeed devoid of all right feeling who does not render to her a loyal love. As the history of her long and illustrious reign goes down to posterity, our children's children for many generations will learn to admire her noble character and look upon the Victorian era as the brightest on record. We perhaps may not see our advantages as they will, just aB those who live under the summit of a mountain cannot tell its majestic proportions as those can who look at it from a distance. But as it is, we gratefully recognise God's goodness to her, and to us through her; and could we be present on the coming Tuesday and add our rose to the floral crown she is then to wear, none of us would miss the opportunity of this expressive manner of attesting our love. May God grant that she may long be spared, and that blessings may abound to her and her people, proving the truth of oar motto text—" Blessed art thou, O land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy priuces eat in due season for strength and not for drunkenness." After another hymn had been sung, The Rev. Mr. WESTON also delivered a short address in the following terms :— This congregation gathered here to-night in the thanksgiving service, and the thousand ot similar assemblies throughout the length and breadth of the British Empire, point out a few significant facte which we learn : I.—THE INCREASING POWER OF EELIGION. It has already gathered such force as to conquer for itself the important place which it haB beld on great days of past history. To this it has grown since tne time of Seth and Enos, when we read then men began to call upon the name of the Lord. Religion then was a pure heaven-given principle reigning in the hearts of a few. At times the numbers were narrowed down to very small limits : at one epoch in the world's history the righteous numbered but eight souls. But after their merciful deliverance from destruction they held a thanksgiving service, which was acceptable to God, and He promised that they should multiply and prosper in the earth. We find its light and power experienced by numerous families of the patriachs; and then its power is felt in-eonserving tbe interests and moulding the character of one nation of mankind. Then through good report and ill, through good times and bad, it was acquiring strength which is unmeasured and immeasurable. At length it burst forth in its full glory and power to bless all the nations of the earth. We rejoice to-day to note the power for good it exerts over national life and the interests of the great kingdom over which our beloved Queen reigns. The principle of religion seems to have burst forth into full life. Its many and outspreading branches hang down with ripe and golden fruit. Now it is the life, the light, the reverence, and joy of our nation. From the highest to the lowest in the dominion we feel the power of religion. Therefore our monarch, the supreme head of our nation, onr illustrious revered, and beloved Queen, in this happy time of her jubilee, recognises the force of religion. Accompanied by her family and the great and noble of the nation, she will go to Westminster Abbey on Tuesday next to en- • gage in a national thanksgiving service, to commemorate the goodness of God to her and her people lor the past half- century. In the neighboring colony the children of "the State- Bchoola will receive a copy of the Holy Scriptures, with the Queen's autograph, and one of its sweetest passages inscribed therein as a motto, namely, "Peace on earth, goodwill toward men." And in every part of Her Majesty's dominions some of her subjects who are suffering for minor offences will be set at liberty, thus copying the initiatioi5if the old Jewish Jubilee, which brought liberty to the captives, happiness to the sorrowing, and joy throughout the land. II.—IN THIS THANKSGIVING SERVICE WE ACKNOWLEDGE GOD'S SOVEREIGN, UNITE REAL PROPRIETORSHIP. We sometimes forget to give God the glory due to His name, to come before Him as we ought, with thanksgiving. We are led to think of the,honored monarch of Israel, who far on in his eventful reign called upon the nation to join with him in blessing God for His goodness and mercy ; and in that sublime hymn of praise which they used upon this important occasion we find this ascription—" Thine, O Lord, is the greatness and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty. All that is in the heaven and in the earth is Thine. Thine is the kingdom, 0 Lord, and Thou art exalted as head above all. Both riches and honour come ol Thee, and Thou reigaeat over all, and in Thine hand is to make great and to give strength unto all." We may distinguish in the beautiful riches of this descriptive and this majestically picturesque sketch of the Infinite Beiug (I) the intrinsic attributes given to Him; (2) the absolute, universal possession perceived iu Him ; (3) His position and consequent active rule; (4) His bestowment of such things as riches and honour; (5) He grants also other more vital gifts, such as to make great and to give strength. Tbese are the mercies of His hand, but they mingle with those that seem to spring from one's own life. They assimilate with that which seems to come with spontaneous force, and appear more human than divine. But we cannot divorce God from the bestowment of these things, and consequently He is their possessor. Therefore we thank Him for the long life of our Queen, tor the riches and honour He has bestowed upon her, for the tranquility and prosperity of her happy reign over us. His sovereign power has protected her and His gracious hands have bestowed upon her wisdom and good understanding to rule over the British nation, over which we still pray "Long may she reign. IIL—THESE ELEMENTS OF RELIGIOUS JOY CONSTITUTE A NATION'S GRANDEST FESTIVAL For remember, the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Our joy at this time consists of thanks for all that is, and adoring praise to Him from whom all good flows. The mind and memory have been stirred up, and from their depth and breadth come the testimonials of HiB boundless com- passion, mighty deliverance, and good gifts to our beloved sovereign, and to us her loyal and peaceful subjects. The heart knows the meaning, though often too insensible, now owns the joy. The religious services ot this day and their general language is the reiteration of an appea to give thanks, while the ground for doing so 1 has been impressively told. In our worship there has been a mingling of pathos, of con' fession, of dependent prayer; but above all we have witnessed the accumulation of praise and thanksgiving. Adoration of the mercy and goodness of God has filled many hearts and teen expressed by thousands with joyful tongues. The memories of this day will be rich, and we trust lasting. Thanks are due to God, for His mercy endureth for ever. We recall His goodness to our monarch for 50 years, and to our nation under her reign. Thanks are required by God as the fitting mode of expressing cur feelings towards Him, and our sense of what He is and does. His own declaration is—"Whoso offereth praise glorifieth me." Thanks are serviceable to God. It is a gracious iofluence, in drawing forth right feelings from men' towards bisovereign, king, and Lord. The thanks of one call out the praise of many, and so aid in carrying on God's pnrpose in the blessing of mankind. Each of the preachers spoke with much earnestness, and was listened to with marked attention by the large audience present. At the close of the service the Benediction was pronounced, the National Anthem was sung, and at the request of Canon Acocks three ringing cheers were given for the Queen. Toe united choirs of the four churches rendered most valuable aid in the musical portion ot the service, under the direction of Mr. Sims, organist of St. Matthew's. The collection amounted to j£8 Os. 6d., from which the cost of printing and charge for lighting have to be paid; the balance to be divided between the hospital and the Ladies' Benevolent Society. 