NEWS OF THE DAY In our special supplement to-day wo publish "Over tho-Olook;" SitGumnol Griffith's roply to Mr. Moroliojvd on-, tho. Naval Foroo Bill ; telegraphed accounts of tho roooption of tho propoaod chnngo of the namoof Now South Wales: iu Southern Parliaments, and gonoral cablegrams and telegrams from all parts of tho world. Mr. Robert Aland, M.L.A. loft ovorland for Sydnoy on Thursday last to join Mrs. Ahnd who has boon staying in- Sydnoy for somo woolen past. Mr. Aland will bo abeout from Toowooinba for about threo wookB, The Queensland Woollon Company, ' of, Ruthven-stroob Toowoomba havo issued iv voty protty calondnr.for 1888. It is wodgo shaped and of most oonvoniont sieo for tho offioo desk. Printed in two colors nro'.oomicnl illustrations, at tho henil of cnbh "monthly shoot and below are comical cuts containing nstronoinioal names aftor tho maimer of Zndkiol.' From tho publisher, Mr. C. P. Chvistoo, of Maryborough, wo havo roocivod a copy of. 0/i»-AW Quarterly Minimi nwl- JutHMfmeiif Journal. It consists of -16 -pagbS :of mitiirig news and advertisements printed in pamphlet form. To mining speculators it ehould'provo a valuablo handbook of information which treats spocially on the Gympio Goldftold. A concert by tho pupils of St. Patrick's School is to bo givon in tho school room noxt "Wodnosday night. Tho object is to inoronso. tho school prize fund., Messrs T. G.- Rodinson and Co.. offer for. &alo; to-day 112 head of Tongy horses; Thisia ono of tho best draft of horsos that has arrived in Toowoomba of lato days, and' no doubt thoro will bo koon competition for them. A meeting of porsons favourable to tho enndidaturo of Sir. "William Vickors . for, tho representation of tho olootorato of-Cambooya; was hold at tho roBidonco of Mr. F. Oborhurdt,' Yandilla Road, on Wodnosday ovoning. Thoro was a good attondanoo and' a oommittoo . wus formed with power to . add to - thoir nurnbor to. assist Sir. Viokcrs in his offors to ropresont Parliament. A considerable number ot signa tures woro added to tho- requisition.- and tlio mooting which was '.thoroughly unanimous olosod with a vote of thanks to tho Clmir- man. ' . ( A lauy residing at Clifton mites to us con tradicting tho statoinonts mado by tho Olifton corrospondont of .tlio D.D. Quzslto, last wook, tothooffeot that it is untruo that " fomalo Inrrlkins-drossod in rnon's apparol" had walkod about Clifton. Sho oxprossoa horaolf in lan- , guago whioh it would bo dangerous to print, but sho oonoludcs by hinting that thoro aro horso- whips nt Clifton and a woman not afraid of using ono ovortho shoulders of a corrospondont who rntholosely libols tho fair hqx of that vioiiilty. Wb are informed that a heavy hail-storm 'pasRod ovor tho Gowrio: Crook district last Monday ovoning. Groat damugo was dono to growing crops. Somo of tho stonos woro as largo as pigoon's oggs. Wheat' almost roady ' for- harvesting was thrashed almost ns woll a h if it had boon passod through the machine aud fruit of all kinds was destroyed, The 8haro list of tho Mount Loy shon Gold Mining Company is-alrondy ovor subsoribod, but, in terms of tho pros- pootus and tho notification in our advertising columns, applications will bo rcooivocl until 4 o'olook p.m. on Monday noxt, tho 28th instant, when tho list will oloso and allotmont proooouj>ro rate. We havo rooolvod an invitation to bo present at an Indopondont Order of Good Tomplars' demonstration at Brisbano on tlio 10th of December noxt. Tlio followiug is apponded asanostscripttothoinvitatiom— "N;B. — Any goods or nrtiolos thankfully nccoptod toAiirds tho Bruco auction. Sond anything— from a hairpin to a stoam hammor ; from a tomtit to a prtzo olophant ; from a mouso to a giraffe.; from a shrimp to an alligator ; from a rcol of cotton to a bridal outfit. Nothing saloablo will bo considered too insignificant for accept- anco. Sond what you will and i&orcaso; gonoral innocont mirth." Our Allorn corrospondont writos yostorday as follows:— In my laRt communication ro- spocting tho wheat orops tlioro woro ono or two errors. In spoaking of Mr. Kennedy's 30 or -10 aorcB of South African wheat it is said that tho seed was imported by Mr. Hugon of Brisbano, it should havo boon Mr. Hugall. I soo Mr. Hugall makes somo inquiry rosnoot- iug this whoat in your last issno. In roply to him I may say tho whoat is grown this yoar by eovcral farmers. Mr. Gilmoro has grown it for sovorol years with groat success, butt am unublo to Eay how muoh of tho 50 aoros of wheat ho has this yoar is of that varioty. In speakiug of tho acres under crop Mr. Jlallman appears as having 70 aoros; it should havo boon Stallmai). Tho rust has mado no pro- gross tiirico lust wook, and whero it exists does no injury. Tho whoat is ripening beautifully, and tho grain, notwithstanding tho dry woatbor, will bo largo and plnmp, I do not rometnbor to havo soon oars so woll filled in any previous yoar. Although rain would no doubt do a largo amount of good to othor crops, yot for tho aako of tho wheat it is to bo hopeu that it will koop away a fow moro weeks. Ono wouW pot havo thought It pos sible for 'iho Blight storm of last Saturday ovoning to havo done any mischief. I rcgrot, howovor, to confirm that it did. Several heavy crops woro boaton down, apd wjll ijo'w bo reaped with diiiloulty. A hoavvstormnow would mako foarful havoo and bo a groat calamity. A few farmers commenced harvest ing on Tiiosday last. .Ono of, thorn, Mr. J. "Wilson, has a very protty sample of what I should say is puro purplo straw. You havo only to look nt tho straw and tho reason of tho nnmo being given to tho whoat Is very 'ovidoyt- At DnrKoy Flat or Pratton tho crops nro oxcpljont, fcjr, Kolohor with 50 aoros ana Mr. Dray'db'ii with Qboup 30 boing tho prinoipal growors. No rust has appeared nnd n heavy yield is untioipatod. ' I think 411 tlio farmors thoro havo whoat, say from 15 to 25 pores, nnd tho acrongo ib about an avorogo ono. Spying Crook also has oxcollont crops, tho norengo though is far below tho avorago, somo farmors having uouo. Mr. H. Smith lias 70 acres, whioh is 'moro than' ho usually has on his farm thoro and tho oxaliango lands near All/mi. At Goomburra, Clifton, Elphlnstono, nnd Book PJains tho crops also aro as good as thoro aro in Allow, ayd no rust.worth montion has appeared. MR. P- O'Sullivan was (says tho Queens- laud Tin>es of Thursday) up at Eak yostorday —as a visitor to tho racos, of courso ; not to tost tho politioal pulsomotor in that part of Stanley. Still, wo saw a roqnlsltion in courso of signaturo for fnturo pfosentation to him, asking lum to ntund for Stanloy at tho noxt olootion. Tho lint of names wan hoadod by that of Mr. J. H. M'Conncll, of Crossbrook, and Mr. G. C. Taylor, of Bollovuo. hail tho requisition then in custody. Mr. O ouUivan wan likewise heard to oxpress an opinion on tlio quiot that, from the feeling on the course (or rather, perhaps, if that was to bo takonos a criterion of' tho eleetoF&te;), no ono olso would havo a ghost of a show. Others, qf courso, may think differently, for some pro- minont mon refused to bind thouiROlvcs by signing it, and othor candidates aro talkod of. Mr. W. R. North, Mr. O'Sullivaa's colleague at tho last oleotion, was also hoard to doolaro that ho 'was going tq contest tho Laldloy sldo against aU-coinore; A I'ROOLAmation is tobo issued prohibiting tho introduotlon into thin colony of slieop from Wostorn Australia and Now Zealand, in con- Hoquoneo of '.tho rcappoaranco of scab in tho latter colony, and its continued cxistcnco iu tho formor. In tho Lands Dopartmont AdvorttHcmont, wluoli appeared in last Saturday's Chronicle it was statod that tho Land Court nt which Holootors slionld apply for cortificatos of fulfil ment, was to bo hold on Novombor 2-Uh. Tliis was a mistako as tho Court is to bo hold on Monday noxt, Novombor 28th. A telegram was sont to tho Commissioner for Folico yostorday, from Murphy's Crook, saying that a miirriod womau namod Royal had fallon- down dead in her own honso on Thursday. Wo understand that Dr. Gardo mado an examination "on tho body and will supply his report ponding an onquiry.', The rmciwrMe Bulletin says that a number of frionds and political supporters of tho Hon. 'J. M. MaorosBon hold a mooting of a privato naturo at Townsvillo on tho 14th instant. Thoro woro 20 gontlemon prosoni. Tho bus!- -nosa'of tho mootingiwas stated to bo tho ctiiBidoration of tho advisnbloncsa of taking on opportunity of, toudoring to tho lion, gon- tlornon tjjqhstahtial rocognition of the impor tant nmitical -'sorvicos ho had rondorod to tho district during tho timo ho had roprosontod tho town. An 'oxobqtivo coramittoo. of sovon mombors was oloctod to carry out tho objoots of tho meeting, Tho sum of .£2-10 10s. was promised 'in 'tho room. A similar meeting was hold at Ipswich und tlio sum of JQ140 was collcbtod in the room. — En. T.C. .. In' tho Logislativo Counoil on Thursday. Tho , MaianpiaU-Doatruotion Act of 1881 , AmcUdmont- Bill, ' -and ' tho Toohoy Estate EuAliling Bill, woro road a nocond time. In tho Loglslatiyo Assembly tho> Promior wan urged by Hovoral mombors to tako stops to provbnt Now South .Wales adopting tho uatho .pLAhrttriiKa'V but' Sir S. W. Griffith laughed at Tho proposal of Sir Henry Parkos an un- Svorthy of notico, and not likely to bo carried out. > Aftor-'Somo fonnal buHinoss had been transnotodf.tUodisuussionon tho Australasian Naval Foroo' Bill was rotmmod in com»nittoo, and lasted tho wholo of tho ovoning. The Promior olferod to adjourn tlio dolmto until Tuesday, but tho Opposition romaining firm, tho Govormnont wthclrow its supporters, and tho Houro was oountod out. Tho Speaker, at 5 minutes past il o'clock, adjourned tho Houso uutil noxt day, . . A meeting of tho Caledonian Sooioty Com" imittoowuiibald bn Thursday ovoning for tho .tho purpoao of making arrangoraonts for tlio' visit'of tho Quoonsland. Scottish to tho town. \- Sthff-Sergoant Jatnib'son was. in attondanco, and statod. that it was oomputod that about two hmulrbd mopibors- of tlio Qnconsland Scottish Yohmtqora would go into camp in tho Sooioty 's grouiids.oniho 31 Bt Dccombor. It is oxpooiod that tho Brigado' Offioo will furnish tho usual bquipmonts for an oncampmont and tho i Sooioty will do tho oatoriog. Tho various sub"-Qommittoes for carryiug ont tho sports programmo1 wore 'appointed, and thonnmos of goutlomon who 'Wiil bo roqnostcd to not as judges docidod upon. In tho bayonot oxoroiso competition tho number of mon in each com-, poting'squaro wasaltorod from eight to twelve. It was aleo " docidod to hold a promenade concert on the Sooioty's grounds in Iiou of tho ball ;wliioh is usually uohl aftor tho Now -YoarB gathoring. In. -our businoas columns to-day will bo found tho programmo of tho Sooioty's sports.to bo hold at Toowoomba on January 2nd noxt. The .rogalar mooting of tho Woman's Christiiin Tomporanoo Union was hold in tho Congregational Church on Thursday last. Tho attendance was not so good as usual. Aftor dovotibnal oxorolsos a lottor was read from tho' Indopondont Order of Good Tomplars rbquosting the Union to tio-oporato with them in ondoavouving to obtain a bettor obsorvanco of tho law prohibiting tho salo of intoxicants on tho Sabbath day. That Romothiug should bo don'oisoloarly nooossary. . Wohavo only to walk down our prinoipal stroots on Sunday ovoning to sco not only men but women almost holp- losBly driihk. Four ladies, woro appointed to confor with "tho Good Tomplars on the subjoot. Enoouragihg reports wcro givon of tho Bible woman's work and hospital and gaol visita tions. Two women who havo obtainod situa tions on leaving gaol nro reported as doing woll,' Will not somo of tho ladios of Too- woomba como forward . und help ns in this work? Ono has dono so sinoo our last report and wo need not say how thankfully hor offer was oenoptod aud a girl sent. Mrs. Griffiths was unanimously olootou as Troasuror in placo of Mrs. Solley who has loft the town. A short 4 discussion on tho advisability of establishing ; a . servants homo was hold, a ?entloman having offorod to givo somo furni- nro for it.- That suoh a homo would bo most usoful thoro can ho no doubt aa many of our servants havo noithor homo nor frionas with whom they can : stay on changing witnationa. Tho Biblo womon had tho offor of a room in Horrlos-streot for a mothor's mooting whioh was grntofully aocoptod, and tho meetings will bo ,commonscd as Boon as possiblo.— Com- municatcd. Mr. TuAeus O'Kane,. tho editor and pro- prictof of tho Daily Northern Miner , Charters Towors, was- rooontly la Toowoomba on a short visit. -In 'tho Afi'iior of Novombor 15th appoars a lottor signed by him writton from Toowoomba, in whioh ho gives his "itnprcg. Hions." Ho says-:— Toowoomba is beautifully laid out,.wido stroots, troon planted, roadway is smooth us'concroto, water and gas laid on, Tho tomperaturo is a delightful onango from thoiparoli'ed and' wastes of Chartors Towors. Epgirdlod with a .wildornoss of roses and floral luxuriance, coolcil by winds always soaurod by an attitudo abovo' sea lovol of ovor 2000 foot, Toowoomba proscnts a pictaro of beauty nowboro clso to bo soon in tho colony. On Picnic Point— a couplo of milos out of town— tho oyo takes in a grand swoon of magnificent scenery iu front of tho Main Dividing Range, branching off into several spurs, aitf Toowoomba lying at tho foot of tho mountains in a lap of groopory, oycrywhoro vineyards and groon orops. Mr. Groom's is a muHum mpflri'ot'of all tho floral bcantiesof Toowoomba, Hishouso opens to tho main street, but bbhind it you got at onoo Into tho pcaco mid solitudo of tho country. Thoro is a oharming la in front with an emerald groon 1 havo novor soon surpassed, ovon on tho banks of'tlio.Lough Lono. Such rosos and ljoltotronps;- find lionoysuoklos. I was trans ported fri imagination bgok to tho old land, ana momorios of'doad and gopp placop, and persons - woro again rovivod. Thoro wdto apples, and cborrios and goosborrios and strawborricH in ovory stage of growth. Tho root crops aro .somotbing surprising. If I atay horo muoh'longor Toowoomba will proro my Capriati shall novor bo ablo to tear my- solf away. . . . . I ato strawborrios to day, at Mr. Boarlo's gardon. a little way out of town thoy had all tho fragrance and bonquotof any I ovor tasted in tho old country; I sop no Chinkios going about horo ; almost ovory ono grows pip uwp yogptablps, Mr. Groom dooH, aud thoro was only ono vegctabib lio did not produco— colorv, an omission whioh I, boing aninvotorato fault findor, diacovorod. . . . . Tho crirls horo havo English. Irish. or Scotch complexions, and tho rosos ovory- wjforo prouml thoin aro roflcotod in thoir ohooks. Npw ij> wijl ho paid \ am romqneing, eo I will stop right horo, and when I boo aqy moro worth Bonding I'll sond it." ! A traveller from Hughondon to Winton reports (says tho ll'iiifou Herald) that along th'o road tho , effects of bush firos aro. visible— ns far as tho oyo could reach ou both sidoa nothing to bo scon but blackened stumps. Oondqoroo has escaped jjghtly, and'stiTl cm- mands a plentiful supply of grass and wator ; Manuka, Sosbania, and Afton Downs iiavo suffcrod heavily. At tho Stony Warriona a largo numbor of. sheep was soon at tho water- hole, many boing bogged, tlio majority of tho animals having passod through tho tiro. It was fttatcd that 5,000 sheep had boon burnt on Marathon.' At- Afton Downs shearing was finished, and tho men paid off. Tho numbor of aheep put through is estimated at 110,000. Tho wator is drying up fast in all tho natural watoscouftias, but tho Government (jaiqq hol<J out' woll. Carriers liav'o several long dry stages to negotiate, although food ia plentiful, but dry. At Stack's boro, whioh is down about 700 foot, a traotion ongino has arrived to assist in boring, which is to bo continued to a depth of 1,000 feci. A meeting of tho dclogatos of tho Queens- Lawn Tennis Association was hold at Lonnou'a Hotol Brisbane on Thursday night. Tho principal bitsiuoss transacted was tho selection of tho team to play tho combinod Downs at Toowoomba on tho 10th Dooomhcr (Separation Day). On account of proviouB arrangements, tho strongest team could not bo scut, but thoso Boloctcd— namely, Messrs. Robin son, Alexander, M'Gaw O'Shoa, nnd M. Armour, with P. O'Sullivan as emergency— will, it is anticipated, rondor a good account of thomsclvcs. Since tho commoncomont of this year's sugar-manufacturing acasou at Millnqnin ro finory (says the Dundaberfj Star of tho 10th instant), the steamor . Polly, lias mado two trips n-wcok from Maryborough, carrying 170 tons of coal each trip, for tlio rofinory. Into the capacious maw of this giant faotory, 10,000 tons of coal woro poured last year for tho maintonauco of tho rostloss energy which is bringing Bundaborg to tho licaa of tho sugar-prouncing districts of this colony. This year tho consumption of coal will doubtless bo ovon groator tlian it has ovor boon boforo. Sir Robert Stout (says tho Nine Zealand Times of September 28) liad offors of at least fivo scats yostorday, and ho adheres to Ilis' dotorminntion not to ontor publio lifo again. Dr. Fitchott addressed tho following lottor and received tlio accompanying roply : Duncdin, Soptombor 27. My dear Sir ltobort,— Tho pleasuro and tho worth of my own victory aro nearly darkonod by your dofcat. I said at tho hustings that I would r&thor; loose my own olootion than yon loso yours. This morning I conforrod withsomoof myprinoiploaupportorB and suggested that I should offor to resign in your favour, Thoy heartily cononrrod. ; Foci-, ing, as 1 do, that, your absonco from tlio. Houso in tho prosont junctnro of affairs is nothing loss "than a colonial . calamity, I am satisfied 'that tho olootors of Dnnoditt' Central will cordially approvo of my action, and that if iyou n'ccopt iny offor you will bo roturnod -without opposition. Tho country can woll spare mo, but cannot sparo you.— I am, &o.;, Fred. Fitciiett. Hon. Sir Kobort Stout.". "4 Dated 27th September. My dear Fitchott, How coii I ado<iuatoly oxprcs my thank h to you nnd the otliorn who havo kindly offorod to resign in my favour ? 1 can assuro you I shall novor forgot it so long ns momory endures. I havo, howovor, resolved not to accept any seat- You nro young nnd just entering tho political arona, and you must bo carotul of your futuro. If I can assist' you in any way do not fail to ask mo. No, you mast not .think of resigning. I cannot uccopt suoh au offor, but tho faot suoh was maao shall bo treasured by yours, very truly, Robert Stout." Bt an omission on tho part of tho Spoakor, tho Now South Wales Assembly almost found itsolf in an awkward prodicamout on Wcdnes- night last (eaya tho Sydney Daily Telegraph of Thursday.) Tho debate on tbo Land Bill had just boon disposed of, and tho Govornmonb Railways Bill was recommitted on tho motion of Sir Henry Parkos, who added the usual motion that .tho Spoakor loavo the ohair and tho Houso rcsolvo itsolf into Oommittoo of tho Wholo. It was thon approaching midnight, and tho Spoakcr, who had boon in tho ohair nearly nine honra, vacated his sont without putting tho motion. Ho quitted tho houso, and Mr. Camoron, tho Chairman of Com mittees, being at hand, immediately took his accustomed place amidst laughter from both sides of tho Chamber. Mr. Flotchor asked tho Chairman of Committees by what right ho occupied tho chair, to whioh Mr. Camoron re plica that ho oooupied it booauso ho hod found tho Spoakor's ohair omptv. Ho ad mitted, howovor,. that ho was not rightly in tho position.- Laughter from tho Opposition bonchoB followed with a choruB of jocular ob servations, Mr. Camoron in a loud tono directed tho Sergeant-nt- Arras to find tho Speaker. Ho tlion loft his sont and turned his buok towards tho Opposition bonohes. Mr. Molvillo challenged tho right of tho Chairman toordortho Sorgcant-at- Arms about, inasmuch us ho was not tlion proporly sitting ns Chair man of CouuiiittooB. Mr, Camoron did not roply. Sovcral 'minutes clapsod boforo tho Sergeant could find tlio Spcakor, but on his nt length roturning ho was informed by Mr. Cameron of tlio omission, Tho Speaker pro ceeded to apologise to tho House, and -was laughingly assured by Mr. Molvillo that it was unnocCHHury. Tho question was then put and agrocd to, and the committoo procooaod with tbo consideration of tho recommitted ol&uaos; of tho Railway Bill. A meeting of tho creditors in tho estate of William Nntt, of Greonmount, near Too woomba, furmor and hawker, was hold in tho oflico of Mobhi'R. Chambers, Bruco, andM'Nnb on Wodnosday afternoon. Tho only croditors roprosentua woro — iuosBrs. otowarc anu mom mant, A(il ; G. H. Wilson and Co., IpHwioh, .£119 ; A. Shaw nnd Co., .£75 4a. 7d. ; Brown and Wilson, Warwick, il7. Mr. J. D. Wil liams (G. H. Wilson) was voted to tho cliair, and read tho dobtor's statement of affairs, from wliich it appoarod tbcro wero unsoourcd creditors to tbo amount of .£400 18s. lOd. ; fully scuarod, X2011 (loss ostimated valuo of soouritios, «C27lO, surjilus to contra, 2198 19s. 4d.) ; croditors for ront, Ac., £G3 10s. ; total debts, J)5308a. lOd. Tho total assets amounted i)1238 19s. 4d., including surplus from se curities in tho hands of creditors fully soourod .£093 IDs, 4d. Tho ohainnun stated that G. H. Wilson and Co. woro willing to grant an extension of timo to tho dobtor on his own bills without iutcrost, nnd aftor Homo conver sation, Mr. Stewart (Stewart and Heininant) suggested that thoy should aocopt a composi tion of 20s. in tho pound on tho dobtor's own bills payublo in fifteen months. Mr. Nutt said he aid not think ho could pay moro than 15s. in tho pound in fifteen months, nnd asked if ho did pay 20s. would thoy allow him stock to start again? Mr. Stewart replied that thoy conld Bcnrocly do that oxcopt for cash, nnd statod that ho would mako tho bills to oxtend ovor eighteen months. Tho dobtor said that would suit him, and Mr. Btowart moved, and MrqW. Hall (Brown and Wilson) seconded a motion -to tho offoct that a composition of 20s. in tho pound should bo aocoptod, payable in quarterly bills extending over eighteen months, and without iutcrost. Tho motion was carried, and Mr. J. Lord was appointed trustee to distribute tho billfi. Expemenob Teaoheh.— Scores of our resi dents in and around Toowoomba know by happy oxporionco that Colds, Coughs. Influonza, ana Tliroat and Chost complaints in gonoral, disappear liko magia whon treated with Noblo's Cough Curo N.B.— This valuablo mcdioino is sold only at W. A. Noblo's Medical Hall, Toowoomba. Dentistry.— W. A. NoblOj Dental Surgeon, may bo oonHulted daily at his Medical Hall, Ruthven-stroot, Toowoomba. ?coj.l| s(oppod, soalo, and extracted in a satisfactory manuor. Intending patiohts arc roquostod to call during daylight, if posaiblo. w. A. Noblo, Too woomba. 