* V. ' THE AUSTBALIAN BISHOPS' ADDRESS TO THE POPE. ; A WORK OP ART;' ' By the courtesy of Gardinal Moran we were privileged to inspect the address of the Bishops of Australasia to his Holiness the Pope, at Sfc. Mary's on Tuesday morning, just before it was packed up and consigned per the Orient Co. s.s. Ormuz, to the Most ReV.DrEirbv.6f the Irish Col lege, Rome- who is to present; it to the Sovereign Pontiff.. Tb.o al'tistic preparation of the address, as ha? tili'eady been stated' in the Freeman, was entrusted to the Dominican Nuns of North Ade laide, South Australia;- several specimens of whose beautiful illuminations had' come under the notice of ' the Cardinal. One of the Sisters of the convent bears a high name for her skill in the rare art of illuminating : in what is known as the mediaeval style- and a single glance at the elegant execution by pen and brush in the address under notice is sufficient to show that it is not the effort of any prentice hand but the finished and elegant work of one who has studied carefully the marvellously beautiful and exquisitely delicate illuminations of the monks of old, whose wondrous work in the embellish ment of the Mass Missals and the Sacred Scrip tures is the envy and the despair of modern artists. The address is, in the matter of shape, in the now conventional book form, measuring nearly two foe b square, and the text, which is in Latin, is divided, so as to allow of both pages being treated alike, and thus producing the desired artistic effect when it is opened out. The principal feature of the illumination (which, is throughout of the mediceval order) is the bordering, on which a world- of skill and graceful fancy has been expended. On each page four subjects are introduced, amidst the wealth of scroll and flower work, the happy appropriateness or the subject in each instance being as admirable as the exquisite delicacy and the perfect minuteness in the point of artistic detail. The top of the first page is adorned by a representation of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost ; the grouping of -the apostles with the Blessed Virgin in the centre, the expressiveness of the faces, the draping of the classic garments, and the general execution of the miniature picture being exceedingly fine. At the bottom of this page the familiar scriptural incident of Our Saviour handing the keys . of His Church to Peter is beautifully depicted., while in the side borders the Prince of the Apostles preaching the Gospel, his right hand uplifted and the left holding the symbol of his authority ; St. Joseph, with his carpenter's rule to distinguish him as the patron of Labour, and the illustrious St. Thomas, ' the Angel of the Schools,' with his seraphic glory of countenance, are painted with quite a Messonier touch. On the second page there are two scriptural subjects and three figures, the top subject representing St. Dominick receiving the Rosary from the infant Saviour, who is resting in the arms of his Holy Mother, the under subject being the Last Supper, and the side figures those of Sfc. Paul wifch his sword as the champion of Christ on the Gross, St:' Joachim (the Pope's patron saint, whose riiame his Holiness bears), and St. Francis of Assisi. The ar tistic work of the second page if anything surpasses the fir&t; one. Anything more beautiful either viewed from areligious or an artistic point than the angelic group of which St. Dominick, kneeling in his graceful robe to receive the beads associated with the devotion now piously preached through out the whole of Christendom, is the centre figure could scarcely be imagined. This little picture with its eweet-faced Madonna (such a face as Raphael or Murillo would have delighted to paint) should alone make the address precious as a work of art. The Last Supper, and the saintly figures referred to, are also treated most artistically, every touch of che brush and every line of the pen having the delicacy of the daintiest ivory minia ture and the clearness and sharpness of the finest etching. The inks and paints — the green and the gold, the red and the blue, the pink and the purple — are beautifully blended, the colours harmonizing perfectly. There are several mottoes introduced in the work, the tiny scrolls surrounding the figures of St. Peter and Sfc. Paul bearing the words 'Thou art Peter and on this rock will I build my Church,' and ' Thou art a vessel of election.' The figure of St. Thomas, it may be remarked, indicates the high esteem in which the Pope has always held the philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas, while St. Francis of Assisi receiving the stigmata points to his love for the third Order of St. Francis. The text itself is extremely well written in ornamental characters, and the felicitousncss of the artist's fancy is shown in the treatment of the splendidly ornate initial letters at the opening of the address. The words ' Beatissime Pater 'are surrounded with the richest of scroll work, and in the initial letters themselves, resplendent in crimson and gold, the Pope's tiara, and the cross keys emblematic of his high and holy office are worked in most effectively. At the end of the address, where the names of the Cardinal and the twenty-one other prelates are written in Church text, his Eminence's name stands out conspicuously with its accom panying cardinalitial coat of arms in bright red, while the Archbishop's are easily distinguished, having gilt crosses affixed, to their names. The binding, which was done by Messrs. Wigg and Co., of Adelaide, is worthy of the illumination itself. It is something very much out of the com mon both in design and execution. At front and back the centre is of white enamelled leather sur rounded by a gorgeous design in gold executed in relief with rich beading on the edge on a dark back ground while the outer border is of red morocco, profusely ornamented with bright gold devices oF an appropriately chaste description. The front has in the centre of the white panel or shield a mas sive gilt representation of the Papal Arms in re lief. The address was sent away in a case of green morocco, specially made, and we under stand that after its presentation to the Holy Father on 'January 6 it will be exhibited with the other Australian presents in the great Papal Art Exhibition, which is to be held at 'the Vatican in honour of the Pope's Golden Jubilee. It may be interesting to note that the address from the citizens of Adelaide to her Majesty the Queen on her Jubilee celebration, which was so much admired, was also the work of the Adelaide Dominican Convent. The Pope's addres3, it is generally acknowleged, however, far surpasses in beauty 'that sent to the Queen. - ?' ???'?? 