Il LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. H Thursday, Deobmbbb 15. ISpiAxer took tho chair at half-past 3 o'clock. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. W. CLARKE said the potition presented for miti of «entenco passed on T. B. Giles, of Narrabri, was Mer coMldoration. ABIGAIL, In replv to Mr. F. Farnell, said Messrs. 'io, J. Watt, J. Ii. Shaw, J. Johnston, and W. J. ter wore the trustees of tho Presbyterian burial . Liverpool, ^i CLARKE, in roply to Mr. See, said tho polico ralos whoso salaries wore not providod for in the ii?8«i í""'1 an* wno wore t0 k° appointed wardens . «. T>nB Act, would not be dobnrred from pro m the Department of Justice. It was proposed to pay them salaries equal to those) they would receive as Police Magistrates. Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Barbour, for Mr. Walker, said the Government had not purchased any statuary during their present term of office Sir HENRY PARKES, in reply to Mr. Barbour, for Mr. Hassall, who asked as Christmas Day foil this year on Sunday, would publicans be allowed, to open their hotels as pormitted by tho Licensing Act, or would thoy bo rigidly closed as provided by tho olause relating to Sunday closing, said ho could not undertake to give a legal inter- pretation of the provisions of any Act of Parliament. .Mr. BURNS, in reply to Mr. Haynes, said ho wag not nwnro of any largo defalcations or misappropriations having taken placo lately in tho publie norvic», and any statement to that etfoct ho belioved was unfounded. Ho knew of no special report which had been received respecting anything of the kind. PAPERS. Mr. Etrnjf s laid on the table a ^schedule, shewing the total remuneration received by all public officers who hold more than one office, or roceive fees or special allowances. Mr. Roberts laid on the table copies of all documents in reference to tho construction of a telegraph line from Wanaaring to Milparinka or Mount Browne, or from Wil- cannia to those places. It was ordered that the documents be printed. PETITION. Mr. Day presented a petition from the Redhead Coal- mining Company, Limited, praying for leave to introduce a bill extending by five years the term in which thoy were originally authorised to construct a railway. The petition was received. MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT.-LEPROSY AT HONOLULU. Mr. WALL moved the adjournment of the House for tho purpose of calling attention to the existence of leprosy at Honolulu. He read from Honolulu newspapers a report which had been applied for upon the Bubjoct, and a letter replying to «ne written in the Sydney Horning Herald in Octobor lost by Mr. A. Hoffnung, Chargé d'Affaires for Hawaii, from which he (Mr. Wall) said it was evident that, as he had stated some months ago, leproay was a very dangerous and contugiouB disease, and considering the number of Bluamers calling at Honolulu and arriving at Sydney, he thought it very desirable that the Government should at once institute inquiries as to the nature of the disease and the probability of its being introduced here, j The motion was negatived. FITZROY FALLS. Mr. GARRETT, in reply to Mr. M'Court, laid on tho tnblo a plan showing what land had boen sold in the vicinity of Fitzroy Falls and what had been reserved. He stated that, it showed that tho approaches and all the surrounding lands to this magnificent piece of scenery, the Fitzroy FoIIb, was either reserved or had been sold years ago under the oporation of volunteer land orders. Every posstblo caro had been taken in subdividing tho land ad- joining the reserve for sale to preserve any public right that mightexistin the matter. Tno land had been advertised for salo, but further inquiries would be made, and if it were necessary to extend the resorve any further, to prevent any possible interieienco with tho publio enjoyment of the scenery, it would be dono. METROPOLITAN WATER AND SEWERAGE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. A messago was received from his Excellency tho Governor recommending the House to mako provision tor any ex- penso required in connection with tho Metropolitan Water and Soweiago Act Amo'ndment Bill. It was ordered to be printed and referred to the committee on the bill. Sir HENRY PARKES, in moving the second reading of the bill, said it had been found impracticable to appoint the necessary board under the present Act for collecting the water and sewerage rates, and actually the country was losing £80,000 per annum in consequence. This bill was to remedy that defect in the law, and to enable the board to carry out its objects. Mr. LYNE said there was an absolute necessity for this bill passing. He wished to know if anything had been done with reference to the dispute between the Works Department and the City Corporation with refefence to the payment of about £82,000 for the temporary water supply ? When the matter was before him the then Mayor, Mr. John Young, recommended the Corporation to hand over the £82,000, but the Corporation refused to do so, and the then Treasurer at his instance retained, he thought, two payments of endowment money. He would like to know if anything further had been done in the matter. The City Corporation had the money invested, and certainly they should hand it over. Mr. BURNS said that the subsidy was due to the cor- poration, and the Government were bound in law to pay it. In paying the money, however, they had taken care to reserve the rights of the Government to the temporary water supply ; and under this bill a board would be ap- pointed, and would be entitled to take over the whole amount which the City Corporation had to the credit of the water fund. This would include the whole of the money to the credit of the temporary water supply. The bill was then read a second time, and the House went into committee to consider the bill in detail. The Chairman reported the receipt of a message from his Excellency the Governor asking the House to make the necessary provision to meet the expenses of the bill. Clauses 1 and 2 were agreed to. Clauses 3 and 4 were verbally amended and agreed to. The remaining clauses of the bill, together with the schedules and preamble, were agreed to, the Chairman left the chair, and progress was reported. THE RECENT EXPULSION OF MEMBERS - ACTION AGAINST THE SPEAKER. Mr. Speakek reported that ho had received a letter from the solicitors for tho hon. member for Burrowa, which the clerk would road. The letter was as follows:-"103, Elizabeth-Btreot, Sydney, December 15, 1887. The Hon. Jas. Hy. Young, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of N. S. Wales. Sir,-Mr. T. M. Slattery, momber. of the Legislative Assombly for tho electoral district of Burrowa, having instructed me to issuo a writ in tho Supreme Court against you to recovor damages by reason of your action towards him, as such momber, in. connection with rpcont proceedings in the Legislativo Assembly-in accordance with such instructions I havo to-day issued such writ (No. 4912 of 1887). May I ask you to kindly favour me with the namo of a solicitor who will accept Bervice theroof on your behalf. 1 have, &o.;, P. J. Houbioan." Sir HENRY PARKES moved,-"That leave bo given to Mr. Speaker to appear mid to plead to tho action, and thal the Crown Solicitor bo instructed to accept service of tho writ on bohalf of Mr. Speaker, and tho Attorney-General be directed to defend the action." Mr. DIBBS said that tho action of tho Government was n very peculiar ono, for thoy wet o adopting tho defence of the Speakor for an ace committed whilst the Spoakor was in the chair. (Hear, hour.) Ho thought this was tho wrong course lo take altogether. Sir HENRY PARKES: It is exactly what the hon. member's own Government did. Mr. DIB15S : Had tho hoad of the Government nothing further to urge in dufenco of Mb action than to say that it was -dono by a previous Government? What tho late Govornmont Und done was to pay the expenses of the Speaker's suit. [Mr. Wise: They moved this very resolution.] Well, it was a highly improper course to tako. If tlie late Govornmont did such a thing, then they did wrong ; but ho would ask the House to bear in mind the difference between tho positione of Mr. Speakor Barton and tho goutlemau who now occupied tho chair. Mr. Barton's action was taken on tho resolution of tho Houso, and it mado a great diiforonoo whether tho HouBe deliberately ordered tho Spoakor to tako action and expel a member, or whether the Speakor took this course upon himsolf. Ho did not wish to discuss tho question, which was now sub iudice ; but a great deal of difference existed between tho action of tho Spoaker taken on a vote of the nouso and tho presont caso. Tho Speakor, being tho servant of tho House, was bound to not on its instructions. The Houso by a resolution had expollod Mr. Taylor, and that wob entirely different from tho individual act ot tho Speaker setting aside tho Standing Order, which ho did on his own rosponsibilty. Sir HENRY PARKES: The Spoaker acted on a law of tho Houso made by the hon. momber himself. Mr. DIBBS : That would bo decided by the, Supreme Court. . . Mr: CAMERON : Mr. Wisdom and Mr. Garrott were turned out of tho House by tho Chairman's individual action, without the assent of tho Houso. Mr.-DIBBS : That never was disputed. .Tho present case, Iib took it, was the result of the direct action of Mr. Speaker, who was liable for tho oonsoquenceB ' of hi» act, and " ho thought it was highly improper to nsk tho Crown to tako up tho defence. Although he hold that the Crown should not tako up the caso ns proposed, ho for one would say that if the Speaker was cast in damnges or incurred oxpense, the Government would be justified in asking for a vote of the House to pay this ! money, and ho for ono would voto for tho money to bo re 1 funded to tho Speaker. Ho objected, however, to tho Crown taking np this position purely us partisans. It was a new departuro, nnd this thing might occur again, and might occur to a moinbor of tho Govornment. Under the circumstances, Mr. Spcirkcr ought to sustain his right at law to tho position which ho had taken up, and thon if ho suffered any pecuniary damngo it would bo thu duty of tho Government to ask tho Houso for a voto to defray theso expenses. The Government woro putting the Speaker in a falso position by fighting his battles with a poworful majority. "Whother this courso had beon taken before or not, it was a dangor to tho State. In tho caso of Mr. Speaker Barton, the Stunrt Government had taken tho responsibility of paying Mr. A. G. Taylor tho amount of tho expenses which ho had incurred in going to England to contsst the case, and in any question where tho rights or liberties of tho House were concorned, tho costa should be borne by the House, on which- ever side tho costs wore incurred. Tho Govern- ment might equally as woll bring in a resolution to refer the caso of the plaintiff to tho Crown Solicitor, and for tho Houso to tako tho responsibility of defending this action whs not leaving tho Speaker in tho position which ho ought to occupy. This was not a caso for porsonal fooling, for thero was no animosity against tho Speaker ; but tho question ought to bo fought out on the principio ns to whether the Speaker had powor to do cortain things, and whether certain stnnding orders were ultra vires or not. It was sotting up,n very dangorous precedent for the Crown to fly at once to the rescue of the Speaker, or any officer, in re gard to a question of this kind. He had not .intended his remarks to he in any way disrespectful to tho Speaker, or to the position which he held ; but ho thought tho Houso had a right to disouss it. "* Mr. ABBOTT said that he rose to call attention to tho absurdity of the House pussing a resolution to authoriso tho Speaker to appear in unswer to a writ, for surely tho Speaker on being served with a writ had power to defend it without tho Houso giving hun authority to do so. llo thought, with regard to tho other part of tho motion, that tho Colonial Secretary had taken the proper course in asking tho House to assent to it, as whothor the Speaker was right or wrong, they must admit that ho had taken tho course ho had bolioving that ho was discharging tho duties of his otlico, and that boing so, tho Houso mubt stand hy him. It would bo impossible to got a Speaker or Chairman to tako tho position unless the House defended the course ho had'tnken, and therefore ho strongly supported tho latter part of the resolution. Of courso there was a difforonco between Mr. Taylor's caso and tho present one, but it appeared to him that it was very slight, and did not affect tho reason for adopting the latter part of the resolution. Tho House must stand by its officers, and if they took the wrong courso, tho assumption was that they had done so in carrying out what they re- garded to bo'the proper courso of their duty. Mr. WISE said to tho hon. member for Murrumbidgee, who bo ostentatiously disregarded any foeh'ng of consis- tency, and so ostentatiously disregarded all precedents which had been set by previous Parliaments, it was a matter, of surprise that the unprecedented courso should bo taken of the Speaker asking permission to defend tli'o writ issued against him, and that tho officers of tho Crown should bo allowed to defend him. Kot only had that courso been followed quite lately by tho Government of which tho hon. member himself was a promi- nent member, but ho challenged tho hou. member, or any other member, to produco either in this or any other colonial Parliament, or the English Parliamont, an instance where an aotion had been brought against the Speakor, or any other officer of tho House, lor noting in his official capacity in the Houso, that the Houso had not interfered to defend him. On Juno 13, 1884. Mr. Stuart, in moving a resolution in precisely similar terms to this, pointed out that the Speakor was tho mouthpiece of the Houso, and a writ running against him in his- official capacity was virtually against the House, and ho mentioned ten casos in which tho Speaker of the House of Commons hudbeon summoned, and received permission to appear in courts of law. And in all those cases he was defended by the law officers of the Crown. Cases had been established from tho very earliest timos. From the English Hansard, as fnr back as 1810, it ap- peared that in the action brought by Sir Francis Burdett against Mr. Spoakor Abbott, the Houso passod a resolu- tion directing the Attorney-General to defend. 'For what purpose tho bon. member for Murrumbidgee endeavoured to draw a distinction between these cases and Taylor v. Barton and the present, it'Was difficult to seo, unless for tho purpose of introducing somo party omnity into tho, dis- cussion. [Mr. Dibbs: What right have you to say that?] The bon. member endeavoured to draw a perfectly worthless distinction. [Mr. Dibbs : It is like your impertinenco to say so.] Ho had a right to say so ; it was a matter of opinion. [Mr. Melville : Not worth much if you state it.| |Mr. Abbott: You aro doing your best to malton row. | Ho would bIiow tho bon. momber in a moment that if ho really thought thcro was anything in the distinction, he was thinking so utterly without gtound. The bon. member attempted to charge tho Speaker with having acted upon his own responsibility. I Mr. Dibbs: I never charged the Speaker with anything."] ' Tho Spoakor simply acted as the mouthpiece of tho House, as ho did in Taylor v. Barton, and ollior cases. Mr. Young acted by the express authority of tho House, assented to by the hon. member for the Murrumbidgee in the following resolution passed in July 21, 188G :-'. That the exclusion and 10 moval of tho bon. and lenrncd member for Morpeth fiom tho Houso by the Speaker, occurrrai» as it did ata timo when tho disorder and excitement wore without parallel, and when the authority of the Speaker and tho House, und oven its exist- ence as a deliberative body, had boon oponly denied and defied by the bon. and learned member for Morpeth, and when ho bad repudiated tile right ot tho .Chair to restoro ordor and bring back tho committee to a condition when publio business could be despatched, in languago and with gesticulation calculated to bring tho pioceedings of Par- liament into contempt, the prompt intervention of the Speakor for tho purpose of vindicating the dignity and honour of the Houso, ana the course pursued by him in suppressing disorder and riot, was the propor and suitablo | method for such an emergency. | Mr.'Melville: Do you imply that wo wero all drunk Í] (Disorder.) Mr. SPEAKER said ho trusted this matter might bo discussed without any unnecessary unpleasantness and allusions fo the occurrence of yesterday. Tho matter was, to a cortain extent, sub judice, and it might lead to incon- venience if the merits ot tho caso were discussed. Mr. WISE had no intention of ontoring into the merits of the oase, nor dosiro to introduce any party; feeling into tho discussion; and if any remarks mudo by him wero cal-. culated to givo a party ' tone to tho debato, thoy had been caused by those whoso interjections bad interrupted him. Mr. Abbott had said that it was unusual and absurd that tho resolution should contain any words authorising the Speaker to appeur to tho writ; but tho bon. member must know that it would bo in tho highost .degree disrespootful to the Houso if, the Speaker appeared without obtaining per- mission from the Houso whon ho had boen acting.iib tho mouthpiece of the House. [Mr. Abbott : What a farce.] No clerk at the table would be allowed to appear as a wit- ness in a court of justice without tho permission of tho House to do so. Mr. WALL considered it very undosirablo that n rule should bo made that tho Speaker should bo defended in any case of action-being brought, agniust him, as ho possibly might bo a partisan and tako such measures as would allow a corrupt Government to cany whatever thoy proposed to the House. Mr. R. BURDETT SMITO pointed out that motions of this kind had repeatedly been us=ented to in tho Houso without discussion. Even a Civil servant, if he did some- thing in his official capacity which caused an action to bo brought against him, was defended by the Crown Solicitor. If tho bon. member «for Muvrumbidgce's contention was that the Houso should reimburse the Speaker any charges ho migkt be might ho put to, ho could not understand why ho should object to tho Crown defending him. Mr. FOSTER said it would .not bo courteous to tho Spoaker for tbo Houso to take any other course than that proposed, nor would it bo courteous lo tho Houso for the Speaker to appear without asking their sanction. Mr. MELVILLE, so far from opposing the Speaker receiving poymeut for any expenses he might bo put to for any act which ho might havo taken to maintain tho dignity and honour of the House, would never oppose the pay mont of ono penny ; but tho Spoaker's position on this occasion was entirely different to tho position of tho Speakor in tho case of Taylor v. Barton. In that caso the Houso made them- selves a party to the Speaker's action by confirming it by vote, and his contention was that until the Premier asked tho Houso to confii m tbo Spoaker's action, noithor the Government nor the House had any right to Btep into tho breach. At tho present mouiont thoy did not know upon what rulo tho Speaker bud acted. The Premier said under tho OGth Standing Ordor; but if that wero so, tho Speuker could not act without the distinct resolution of tho Houso. Ho admitted that tho Speaker's action was manly and digni- fied on the occasion referred to, and that ho discharged the unploasant duties he felt called upon to porfonn in a manner of which no ono who had to abido by. thom had any causo to complain. Ho moved that tile motion bo amended by omitting that portion instructing tho Crown Solicitor to accopt sorvico of tho writ and the Attorney-General to defend tho actiqp, and inserting in its placo a urovision that tho Speaker should bo guaranteed all óxponsos and damages in defending tbo action. , Mr. GARVAN took occasion to refer to the action of tho Speaker in removing him from tho Chamber during Tuesday's sitting. At a critical moment, when tho liberty of a member of tho Houso was in question, ho arose to claim that privilege, when the Speaker subjected him to a form of indignity in ordering him to bo expelled from the House. Hud he not tho right, as a representativo of tho people, to express his opinion on any great subject}1 Ho asked whether the Speaker would havo dared to take such action except with tho knowledge that ho (tho Speaker) was supported by a largo majority ? Would the Speaker havo darod to expel him excopt that ho know ho could roly on tho support of a subservient nnd pliant majority Ï Sir HENRY PARKES roso to a point of order. Ho wanted to know if tho hon. member was in order, or could bo permitted to insult tito ¡Speaker by imputing the most corrupt motives on a motion of this kind. He was quito suro tho hon. member was violating every law of Parlia- ment in tho courso he was taking. He (tho lion, membor) had repeatedly said that the Chair would not have dared to perform its duty except relying on a subservient majority. That imputation was so gioss that it could not bo covered by an explanation from tho Chair. Mr. GARVAN contended that ho did not say tho Speaker would not have dared to do his duty ; but that ho would not have dared to expel him. " , Mr. GARRETT submitted that any remarks made in reference to the recent notion of the Speaker were irrelevant to the question before the Houso. | Mr. ABBOTT considered tho hon. member for Eden (Mr. Garvan) was perfectly in order ; but it was a mattor of taste to him whether ho should indulgo in such lungungo. Ho would not himself uso tho languntre. He submitted that the Speaker could not restrict the bon. member in the way pointed out. The motion before tho Ilouso was tantamount to authorising th'o expenditure of money for a certain pur- pose. Supposing hon. members could bo convinced that tho Speuker hod acted in a wrong and impartial niannor, would they not bo justified in saying that they would not defond the SpoukcrrV Of courso, ho considered that tho lion, mem- ber should not discuss tho merits of the caso, but if deter- mined to do bo, ho (the hon. -»member) should not bo stopped. Mr. SPEAKER said ho very much agreed with tho hon. member for Wentworth (Mr. Abbott) ; but ho thought tho hon. member for Eden (Air. Garvan-) was going somewhat further than ho should in imputing such a motivo to tho chair. Mr. GARVAN continued his remarks, and said the Speakor assumed to himsolf nn authority in removing hon. members from tho Chamber, which was unwarranted. With regatd to tho cost of proceedings, ho considered that what- ever tho cost, it must bo borne by the countiy. The amendment was negatived, nnd tho motion carried. WAYS AND MEANS-FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The Houso then resolved itBolf into Committee of Ways and Means, and the debate on tho finanoial statement was resumed. | Mr. DIBBS said he would like to tako this opportunity | to say a few words on a cortain phase of tho financial ; statement which had been given undue prominenco to in ¡ tho debuto that took placo on Tuesday oveainr-. He would i uko to lomovo from tho public mind tho impression likoly to bo caused by the publication of a certain document used | by tho Attorney-General tho other evening, nnd also by tho Premier at Nowcasllo. Tho impression that it was intended i to create was that previous Governments had been reokless and oxtravagant, and that tho prcsont Government was economical in its management. Ho would ask hon. members to look into tho statement laid on tho table, and ho would nsk them the simple quostion whether lhere was any sound reason or right for tho Govornmont drawing tho conclusion that thero had been extravagance on tho part of their predecessors or anything like economy on their own. Tho document showed tho expenditure of tho Consolidated Revenue nt por head of tho population from tho year 1881 to 18S7. Tuking tho year 1882, ho found tho total expenditure was £6,3o5,610, and that was the year when, ns tho Attornoy tíeneral facetiously told them, the party of economy retired trom office. The cost of government por head of the popu- lation this year was £7 lCs. 9d.j in the year 1886 the erossexpenditurowas£9,078,869,or £91s.2d.perhoud of the population, or in other words thero had boon nn increase in the expenditure of £1 4s. öd. Upon tho apparent inórense in tho expenditure per head of the population those gentle- men had built up a fabric of expenditure showing tho oxtrnvaganco of tho Dibbs Government. Tho Treasurer laid on the table of tho Houso this year n return showing the receipts and-expenses from a varioty of services under the Crown, and this boro him out in saying that thoso who made the charge of extravagance and profligacy should hide their heads in shamo for ever. What ho undertook to prove was that in the year 1S86 from the figures laid on tho table tho "party of extravagance" were conducting the Govern- ment of the country at 7s. 7d. per head of the population less than the purty ot economy referred to by tho Attorney General the other night. Between 1882 and 1880 thero was an absolute saving of 7». 7d. per head of tho population. Hon. members would see by an estimate submitted that the rabbit peat had cost 2s. per head of tho population for 1886-7. Was that charge to bo made to the present Govern- ment? Tho Dibbs Government was just as liablo for tho rabbits as they wore for the charge of extravagance and pioiligacy hurled at their heads. Therefore they claimed 2s. per head of the population for rabbits. Between 1882 and 1886 tho increuso of interest payable by tho Stato for monoyn borrowed amounted,to £784,481 : the in- terest payable in 1882 was £798,198 por annum, and in 1886 lt.w.ua £1;579,678, the increase .being £784,481 in -fix years. That was at least 16s. per head of the , population, and < that lbs. was an item whioh they (tho Dibbs .Government) were entitled to havo credit for. In 1882, when the Parkes's Government went out of office, tlioy lett behind them nearly £15,000,000 of appropriation tor now publia works, whioh had to be carried out by their successors. Had tho Parkes Govornmont con- tinued in offico, they would havo borrowed loss money ; or, in other wotds, they .would havo delayed the pro- gress of thoko works so as to extend thom over five years instead of throe years. In this case the contractors pushed on with tho works, and cairiod thom out wilna despatch that was a saving to the country. Now the Premier delivered' at Newcastle on Monday a speech, tho main object of whioh was to glorify himself at the expense ot every other mun who had over lived. The hon. member wes reported to have said this: "Ho now wished to say a fow words to thom about the steady increase of tho public expenditure, and to be quite certain ot his ground, he hud obtained from tho Treasury special roturas m this respect also. ... In 1881 the popula- tion was 778, ODO, tho oxpendituro from tho consolidated revenue £6,069,190, or £7 8s. 8d. per head of copulation. In 1882 tho population .was 810,833, tho expenditure from tho consolidated revenuo £o,oü"0,412, or £7, IBs. .9d. per head. He now carno to tho first year of Stuart, Abbott, Dibbs, and Co., tho year 1883. Tho population was then 857,74-1, and tho oxpondituro from the consolidated rovontio -the.new Government havinga surplus to fallback upon waa £6,921,043, or in ono year an increase of £1,300,031, amounting to £9 Is. 7d. per hoad of population. Thoy would thus soo that, for tho meio purposes of tho Civil Service, there was a jump at onco of considerably over a million and a quarter sterling; and thoy should also boar in mind that this in no way touched the expenditure on loan votes." Now that statement was a malicious falsohood. ,Mr. BURNS raso to order, on tbo ground that tho hon. momborhadno right to uso the words "malicious false- hood." ) Mr. DIBBS: ¿will say it is a dnmnablo fnlsehood, if you like. That's nearer tho mark. Mr. BURNS said thero was no occasion to uso that lan- guage Tho hon. member might express himself as Btrongly as he liked without using such languago as that. Mr. DIBBS contended that, in regard to a speech which had been delivered outsido the House, he, in commenting upon it, had a right to describo it in whatever language ho might think fit to use. Ho admitted that what ho had said might be in very bid taste ; but held that, inasmuch as Sir Henry Parkes had described,him as a highway robber, ho was now justified in employing tho expressions ho had used. After some discussion upon the point of ordor, Mr. CAMERON ruled that an lion, momber was not justified in using to another bon. member languago which was offensive, and that the words " malicious falsohood " wei o most cei tuinly offensive. Ho hoped the hon. membor would withdiaw tho words. Mr. DIBBS : I will not. v Mr. CAMERON : May I suggest to tho hon. member it would bo better for him to do .so. Tho languago must bo held to be otl'cusivo". Mr. DIBBS: My statement was that tho statomeut made by Sir Henry Parkes was a malicious falsehood. That is what I said. I want to bo thoroughly clear on tho matter. I repeat it again. I quoted trom this paper (holding a newspaper in his hands) what purported to bo a speech dolivored by tho Colonial Secrotary at Nowoustlo, and 1 denounced that statement as a " malicious falsehood," and I will not withdraw thoso words. Mr. BRUNKER hoped that for tho sako of maintaining the dignity of tho Houso tho hon. member would withdiaw flio words. Mr. CAMERON reminded the bon. member for tho Murrumbidgeo that if one hon. member aeoused another of malicious falsehood, it was clearly his .duty to say that tho words wore disorderly. Mr. DIBBS said that tho Chairman having rulod that tho words wero not in order, lie would with- draw thom. Ho thought, -nevertheless, that ho had proved that thp Ministerial statements acous ing their predecessors of exlravaganco wore not true. [Sir Heniiy Pakkes : I supposo 1 may interject that tho statements I mado aro porfoctly truo.] Tho Colonial Sec- retary iiad been misled by the Treasury officials. [Sir Henry Pabkes : Aro tho figures untrue r_ He did not say tho figures wero untrue, but ho did say that the hon. membor kept back from. his audience important factors which would havo shown that tho cost of govornmont per houd of the population was 7s. 7d. less in 1886 than it wob in 1882\. Ho denied altogether that thero was, in tho yoar when ho succeeded to office, a million and a quarter extra charges for tho Civil Service. Over a million of this sum was a portion of tho surplus vote which the Houso voted for special purposes. Hon. members would seo that of tho Burplus loft by the predecessors of the Stuart Government, over a million was voted by tho House for surplus expendi- ture, and yet the wholo of "this amount was put down, with surprising deceit, to the Civil Service, and the justification for deducting this £50,000 from the Civil Servico waa that the wholo of this one and a quarter million was spent on tho Civil Service whilst, as a matter of fact, tho greater part of if was . for working tho railways. This difference aroso from tho interest on working tho rail- ways alone, yet the bon. gentleman put tho whole of this down to extravnganro on tbo part of his predecessors. Ho would uko to know -whethor tho Colonial Troasuror could justify those statements of his colleague, and ho con- sidered that ho had a right to complain that these charges of extravagance had been mado night after night. Tho bon. member had culled it profligacy, but yot the accounts showed beyond quostion that when Stuart, Abbott, Dibbs, und Co. went out of office tho cost of governing the country was 7s. 7d. per head les» than in 1882. He had had enough of thoso charges, and from this timo forward, when anyonomado a chargo'of this kind,-ho would mäkeln answer .which would lead to adjudication elsewhere. If tho matter wero examined, bon. members oould only arrive at the conclusion that the charges of extravagance wero unfounded. Mr. M'MILLAN said he thought to very many mombers of that House, aB well as to himself, it carno with a very heavy shook that from tho Treasurer's statement the sur- plus of £910,000 had vanished like the bosoloss fabric of a vision; and nut only had it beendissipatedjinto thin air, but to that amount there had been added the sum of £186,000 as a deficit. Beforo entering upon any comment or censuro of tho Treasurer's statement, ho Bhould like to say a word of commendation of the speech of Mr. Burns for its clear- ness, ita lucidity, and ita truthfulnoBS. (Hear, hear.) Ho utterly repudiated tho remarks of the hon. member for tho Murrumbidgee on this subject. Ho behoved they had had the truth, tho wholo truth, and nothing but tho truth, although no doubt there might bo somo differenco on tile technical points. And the hon. mem- ber for iho Murrumbidtrco had expressod his opinion on tho subject of cortuin figures not being included in the Estimates for 1887. Ho would pass ovor tho remarks of " fraud" and " cooking of accounts" that had been made in tho courso of this debate by Mr. Dibbs-and tho remarks carno from bim with very bad tasto under the circumstances. Having said so much in commendation of tho Treasurer, taking tho statement as a wholo thero was a want of breadth and grasp shown in it, loss oven than tho bon. gontloman's (Mr. Burns) own mental calibre would havo indicated. Wo did not in this country havo such statements put in tho way thoy ought to bo put. Tho only partios who could grasp tho figures in such statements wero Ministers of the Crown and those peoplo who had spocial oppori unities of getting at departmental socrets. Ho said at onco in tho remarks ho was making that ho should deal moro with tho brokd question, and leavo tho dotails to certain hon. members who had greater grasp of such details than ho could hope to havo. And hero ho should liko to say that, in his opinion, there had been quite enough of the uiquoque argument which had been usod by tho Treasurer and other hon. members of this Government over since thoy had beon in power. ' (Hour, hoar.) Ho thought tho timo had como when thoy could say " Let byogonen bo ¿yo- gónos-(cheers)-and lot us facô the deficiency difficulties like men, no matter whioh. sido had had the most todo with bringing about tho present condition of the finances." The first sin that had, been committed by the .Government, was in entire contravention of tho whole soirit of tho Land Act of this' country, and especially »î the Aot of 1861, which declared that the soil should not bo distributed into large, but should bo disposed of in limited arons, instead of which inillioun of nores had boen sacrificed, not I when the country was ia à slate of financial panic, but purely for tho purposo of creating a surplus. Thon members of previous Parliaments, .were to blamo for not having grasped tho necessity of a local government bill. (Choors.) If this had boon done hundreds of mon who had escaped froo of taxation would havo had to pay their proper share of the legal taxation .of tho country. (Cheers.) Whilst ho did not wish to refer too much ,to this phase of tho subject, ho should Uko-and ho promised them thut ho would nover rofor to it again on any future occasion-ho thought in iairnoss to lion, members on the other sido of the Houso, and to tho .bon. member for Murrumbidgee, it was only right that ho should state clearly ivhat he thought of tho oxtravagance of, previous Govornnlonts. (Hoar, hear.) Tho lion, the Premier, for whom ho had tho highest respect in every possible way, had argued time after time thnt his Government had loft a Burplus of two millions in the Treasury ; but that surplus was created by a wilful, almost illognl, salo of the publio lands of this country, and it was no justification to say that previous Governments had dono tho samo, because ho should havo expected that Sir'Henry Parkes would not have continued such a ututo of affairs us'creating an unnecessary surplus that was not required at the timo. Thon tho lion, gentleman blamed his successors for having spent the money which ho had loft in the Treasury. Had any Government proposed that the surplus revenue should -bo applied to reducing the debt of the colony? Novor. Thoy had heard altogether too much of what was dono in the past. They had hoard so much on that ,subject thut it was only fair they should understand tho true cir- cumstances of the caso. Thoy hud beon told from time to time about tho Burplus raised from tho salo of those lands, and that that surplus had been spent to a great extent on legitimate works of tho country ; and Mr. Watson, the Colonial Treasurer of tho Parkes Government, had, mudo out a statement showing that tho larger portion of such nionoy had been spont on works of a necessary character. Tho next question ho would uko to deal with waathe charge against the previous Government of having increased tho genoial expcndituio of the country. It had been said that tho expenditure had been .increased to double what it was 10 years before^ Ho would like to point out that nino or ten yenrs ago thoy wero absolutely isolated. At the timo when Sir lleicules Robinson was Govornor they wero almost in tho position of an isolated villao-e so far as tho rest of tho world,was concorncd. They had only taken their railways ovor tho Bluo Moun- tains on tbo one hand, and opened .up tho lino to Goulburn on the other. Indeed at that time wo were lookod upon as a sort of isolated village. Thoy had now, howover, grown to the position of a .nation. Their expenses had incrensod in proportion, and our expenditure must naturally grow year by year with their progress; and he should like to say to tho Treasurer that if ho was flattering himself with the idea thnt the reduced expenditure of the country would bo below eight millions-or seven millions, as mentioned by tho Premier- if he imagined any such thing us that, ho (Mr. M'Millan) would toll him that it would novor bo carried into effect. (Hear, hear.) Ho should only hko to point out how different was the stand they had beon taking up during the last fow years. Thoy wore uow getting Info political connection with the old country"nndi ho hopea in that connection thoy should see thut the expenditure of this country was tho result , of proper ' legislation, and that with regard to that expoudituro they would seo that nothing, wont against the loan account .except works of u reproductivo character. Thoy would haio to spend ou fortifications hundreds of thousands of pounds, but it was not right-that this should bo charged to tho loan account. - And all these things would I bo from yent- to yoar swelling tho expenditure of this oountry. But out of tbo Bum ot eight minions rovenuo theto would .not bo moro than throo millions ubod in' tho actual government of tho country. Supposing thoy took away tho interest on tho monoy borrowed for tho railways, that .would not affect this question. Supposing thoy resumed tho foreshores of the harbour and carried that work on under Government, which he should deprecate, tho revonuo might bo incrcasod to an enormous oxtont. Ho hoped theio would bo. no moio jugglery with .figures, or talk of the narrow state of tho expenditure, or roduoing it, which, in tho presont and future condition of tho country, was absurd. If thoy wero to go into figuios, Mid Ministers wished to put figures boforo the Houso, lot thuin bo properly analysed, so that bon. gontlomen could understand them, and not havo tho services mixed up. Lot thora be so put boforo tho country that anyone could understand thom. (Hoar, boar.) This brought Mm to ariothor objection which ho had to, toko to his lion, f rionds on his sido of tho Houso, and for this againho blamed tho hon. gentleman at tho head of tho Government. Ho wiis absent at tho timo tho Governor's speech was made, but ho wob vory glad to soe that his Excolloncy had placed n Local Government .Bill rieht in tho foreground of that address. Tho Govornmont sliould havo started tho session with tho Local Government Bill and a schemo for proporty taxation, and theu thoy would havo do¿orved,woll of tho country. It would hove shown the pooplo that thoy had mado up thoir minds to bring theso matters forward ,at tho enrlieBt possible opportunity. That would havo shown truo statesmanship. Tho fact ot tho matter was that if wo had lind theso measures, wo Bliould not havo hoard this cry of protection; but tho cry of protection aroso bocause tho country was sufforiug for want of these things. Now, what wo had to do was to raiso tho country out of this financial troublo. Tho Treasurer had not fairly earned out the promises he had mado laBt session. Thoy had been told that tho deficit would be dealt with, but nothing of the kind had boon done. He did not hesitate to say that tho deficiency ought to fall upon property owners, and he maintained' that tho dofioit would never bo wiped oit unless they took it in band at once, and devised some speedy way of getting out of thoir prosont difficulties, so far as that, at least, was concorncd. As rogarded tbo scheme of taxation wliiob. had been fore shudowed by the Treasurer, ho believed his calculation of half a million would bo vory near the murk. As a rule diroct taxation always "disappointed thoso who imposed it, so far as .roturas were concerned, but that could always bo adjusted on tho basis of aotual experience. In all fairnoss to ibu hou. member for tbo Murrumbidgee, ho muet admit that the £400,000 which tho Treasurer received for arrears of rent ought to havo gone in liquidation of the deficit-(Opposi- tion cheers)-and it whs fair ground to toko that tho Treasurer, instead of only having a deficiency of £150,000, would probably havo a deficiency of half a million. But now ho carno to the only point in which the bon. gontloman had not been fair to tho Houso. Knowing how things were going from month to month at au early part of tîie sob sion either ho or tho Premier oußht to havo told tho Houso that the oxpondituro was increasing, that thero would bo no surplus of £910,000, and when thoy bud a majority of 40 or 45 mombors thoy might well havo told thom that every monoy vote thoy gavo would reduoo tho surplus thoy bud . cxpootod. (Hear, hoar.) Ho bolioved, auovo all things, that in finance tío.House ought to be taken into tho confidonco of tho Trcasuror, and ho fancied that tho Trea- surer must, have kept a good deal of this to himself, ovon from tho mombors of his own Govornmont, bocuuso ho could not imagino, if that was not the case, that it would not havo loakod out in somo way or tho other that this wonder- ful surplus had boon dissipated. Ho certainly never thought thero would bo a surplus of £910,000 ; but no one was moro supnscd than he when ho found there was a, de- ficiency. Ho thought thoro would havo boon a surplus of I £200,000 or £300,000, and ho boliovod his lion, friond had been so scrupulous now in tho calculations ho had mado I that it was just possible by tho end of tho your ho might find himsolf a littlo better off than ho thought ho would be. Thero was a remarkable statement mado by tho Attorncy-Gonoral, whioh ho thought waa another instiuico in wliich Ministers hud boen trying to throw a littlo dust into the oyes of lion, members. Ho said tbo ox- pondituro for 1880 was £9,078,000 odd, and tho oslimatod expenditure for 1887 was cut down to £8,991,000, so allow- ing for contingencies thoy might tako it that tho oxpondi- turo for 18S7 was exactly tho sanio as for 1880 ; but tho extraordinary statement of tho Attornoy-General was that so far as they could seo into tho futuro, based upon the wonderful calculation carried out ulready, thoro would bo a million loss expended in 1888 than thero had been in 1887. Tho thing was absolutely, ridiculous whon thoy found a retrenching Government spending th¡B year exactly tho saino .figures as woio spout lust year under an ex- travagant Govornmont. Whon thoy hnd to procuro more loans, when population was increasing day by day, when tho rango ot political lito was getting wider every day, when thoy hud to fuco tho State Houso with all its contingencies-and of all ndiculous ideas, to bohovo that a great palatial Stuto Houso could be built for ¿100,000 was tho most absurd-when thoy considered that they had got to colobrnto tho centenary of tho colony, and to tako part in tho Melbourne Lxhibition, it would bo nearer tno ttuth to say that tho expenditure would piobably bo increased a million over the present year Ile now carno to a matter in which ho appealed to the Government-and he behoved all their friends on that side of the Houso w ould do tho same to reconsider tho question regarding the Civil Boivints of the country lho Attarney-Gcnoial, with that iaoihty ot spenili which distinguished him, íoforrcd to the reduction as not being a moro wooden one, but a comprehensivo ono, but it was -wooden, and it was not comprehonbive, brcause it attempted to doal ?with ono Boction ot tho Civil borvico, and leave nil tho rest out It lett out tho officers in tho Ci own Solicitor's and Colonial faeciolarv's offices and tho Lands Department, whose sulnilos had boon io-iiriangcd, and in tho case of tho Inst-mentionod in soma instances increased Ho had no sympathy with membors hko tho lion member for the Upper Huntci, who wero continually haipiug upon tho s uanos of the Civil corvante ii o behoved his denuncia- tion of high Falnrio was against common sense, against fan noss, and against all principles which he would adopt in his own business |Mi M Llhonp I object to paying three mon where two can do tho work | Where two men could do tho woik of threo thoy ought to bo modo to do it, but they ought to get portion of what tho thud wns pnid In tins colony the miatako of an engineer might cost tho country £100,000 , and if thov wt.ro to havo no mci o Binocures, and wanted to havo tho best mon tho oountrv could obtain upon com worcinl principles, thoj would havo to pav them woll Tho proposed saving undci this head would lie £ unfairness of the proposition wns shown in this wav-that wlulo the poor tloik lost 20 por cent of his salary, tho higher officois, who were hotter able to be-ir tho loss, lost but 6 por cent It soomed to him that the proper course to adopt was to entirely overhaul the Civil Service, havo a proper inquiry -.made into the matter, and deal with th« whole flubjeot on an equitable basis. It had been said bjr somo that it wo.uld have . boen better to have taken 6 per cent, off all salaries ; but" that would havo been a wooden policy, because where there wore different gradoB of indi- viduals in au ofiico each mau should stund on his' own merits. Ho dissonted altogether in timo of commercial panic or difficulty from tho principio of dealing unfairly with any class in tho country, and he hoped tho Govern- ment would not rofuso to review tho positiou fully regard« ing tho Civil sorvunts. Ho understood that theso salario» being roducod the wliolo system of compensation or an nuitancy was to bo abolished, or so omnsculatod as to bo made pormisivo . instead of compulsory, and that > this) schemo, under which a largo number of mon hud been no oumulating, in tho oourso of a fow yours, what would hove been ono of tho finest funds in tho oountry, was to bo emasculated by tho action of tho Government. The fund now stood ,at £209,000, and by calculations ho had had made ho found that in tho year 18S9 it would stand at half a million. Ho was not going to blamo tho Government for doing away with tho fund, becauso ho did not understand sufficient of the dotnils ; but it would require a good deni of care on tho part of tho Government betöre a fund whioh was in such a healthy state from an actuarial point ot viow-, and promised in a fow years to placo a largo body of mon and their wivos aud children out of tho rcaoh of want, was dono away with. Ho now carno to rather a painful task, becauso ho had to find fault in no sparing terms with a mombor of tho Govornmont. Last session a bill was brought in to do away with tho feos of clerks of petty sessions. There was a groat doal of dissont from that bill, but on tho assurance-which was curried out-that the operation of tho bill should not coinmonco on July 1st, or attor about a month's notice, but on Doeomber ¡11, and further on the assuranco that every individual caso would bo taken into considérât ion, and ttío Houso would" hnvo an opportunity of reviewing tho question, tho bill wad allowed to pass. , The Minister of Justioo doolnred that ho would look into the mutter, and whore tho fees of mon had been so reduood in comparison with tho services thoy ron doied ho would incrcaso thoir salaries. But not only wore thoso fcBs taken off entirely, but in dozens of casos the salary itself was actually reduced. (Hoar, honrO The Clork of Petty Sossions at Sydney got £650 as salary and £ij60in foes. |Mr. Allen: Moro liko £1000.J What ho got, ho got legally. Ho had boen receiving it trotn year to year, and was told inforontially that ho would havo it for all time so long as ho wns in tho service of the country. A man situated liko that would go into exnondituro. would brine up his children, accordingly, and would anyone tell him that it was not tho grossest cruelty to cut that man's salary down to £500 at a moment's notice'i Never was .such n rulo applied to any Civil Sorvico in tbo world. A man would havo îcçoived extra salary in liou of those foes, for thoy woro quito na much part of his salary as tho amount voted by tho Houso, and, would any momber of tho Houso over agreo to cut a salury dowu from £1000 to £000 ? [Mr. Kelly : I would.j Tho Ministor of Justico promised to oonsidor thoso pooplo [Mr. Clarke : So they aro to bo con- sidered ] ; but his hon. friend forgot thnt it was distinctly understood last May that on tho coming into force of tho Act on December 31 thoy woro to bo considered. Tho olcrk of potty Bossions of tbo polico court iu tho samo way hud had liin,salary reduced ono half. Was tho Minister going to pay liis talury in January when his bills carno to doublo what his salary would bo '{ And the clerk of potty sossion» at Parramatta got less than ho received 20 years ago. What would bo tho condition of thoso menât Christmas?-a con- dition of humiliation, distress, and poverty as great as if n working man wero reduced to £50 a year for all practical purposos. [Mr. Allen : Thoy can go if thoy don't Uko it.] That ,wns tho tnoBt contomptiblo romnrk ho had over heard. If thoy had to ask tlteio mon to concén- trate their energies j on their particular busiuess did it not tho moro unfit thom for other purposos? Wo w.ero now at tho loth Decembor, and on tbo 31st Do comber tho bulk of theso, men would bo cut down by, ouo balf of thoir salarlos. Thoy could not roduco thoir expen- diture all at onco, and a mun who was reduced to £500 per, year could not livo in tho samo houso as whon ho was re- ceiving £1000. If wo wanted to mako such tremendous reductions lot us mako thom whon now mon woro ap- pointed. Lot the Government determino that in cer- tain cases where tho work was overpaid it should not bo overpaid in tbo futuro, but oven then there was a. great dangor, in tbo present linnnoinl condition of tho colony,' of roally not rewarding mon for thoir work. Ho had a feolingthatin tbo Department of tho Minister for Justico tho salaries attaohed to curtain duties wero not sufficiently ndequato for tho -position which tho officials hold. Ho hoped that the Govornmont would seo thoir way to look into tho iwholo of this matter in a .fair, impartial, and statosmanliko manner. As regards ' lila gonoinl condition of. tho country, ho was not frighteuccl for tho futuro, for no ono who saw tho marvellous iraprovomonts mado during tho last five or six yours, would' deny that this country bud gouo forward, dospite droughts and overy othor hindrance, by loapa und bounds. If wo bud grown from a potty colony almost, into a nation, ho for ,ono would not grumble at a certain amount of previous ox tritv'agnnco, so long as ho folt that wo bad a Govornmont which would tackle our financial difficulties, wipe out first tho deficiency, aud nltorwurds givo tis by taxation a surplus wMch would provent tho groat ovil of protection obtaining a footing. Mr. WALKER congiatulated tbo bon. mombor on tho excellent Bpoeob which lio had dolivoiod. Ho oonsidorcd that tbo Coloniul Trpasuror hud not acted fairly to the Houso; for it was tho duty of tho Treasuier, tho moraont ho folt that wo woro going to havo a deficit, to como down there and tell the Houso if things wero not going right «nd it was necossary to bo sparing in tho expenditure. Tho Treasurer in Ms financial speech gavo tho House to under- stand that tho difficulty into which wo bud been led, and the deficit, had boon caused by unforoscou occurrences, anti by tho votos which had been sprung upon thom by tho Houso. When tho Treasurer carno into olllco ho mado a doflnito promiso of a certain amount of surplus, but now we had a doflcit and tho Tvcususor bud to. opolo«iso to tho Houso and ducluro that tho statement was not satisfactory. Tho Troasuror led tho IIoubo to beliovo that ho was not responsible iu. any dogroo for this increiiso in tho oxpendituro. ' Ho submitted that if ivnyono was to bjamo, nnd if wo had a deficit simply bocuuso the Houso bad voted largo fmihs, for special purposes, it was tho fault of tho Trousuror, who lind deliberately Jed tJio House into tho beliof thal wo bud thisgsurpluß. Tim Government ought to havo introduced somo moasuro lo counteract what thoy had lost from tho abolition of tho ntl valorem diitios. If tho Govornmont had passed the Local Govornmont Bill and a proporty tax, a very largo gum of money would havo boon added to tho revenue (Attention was ¿ailed to tho Btate of tbd.commiftco, and a quorum was fotinod.) Tho ' Govornmout, was certainly not lo bo trusted ; it had not kept its promises, mid wus'not .worthy of tho confidence of tho Houso or tbo country. Whatever rotrenchinont was made, thom would always, bo a deficit whilo thoro was a freo-trado Government in oxisleuco. . Mr. WALL rose to a point of ordor. Ho submitted that the Estímalos could not bo diboussod, as thoy woro diil'oront ' from thoso authorised by tho Civil Sorvico Act. ' ' Mr. CAMERON said tl¡at thoy wero now in Coinmit.oa of Ways and Means'with a special vote boforo thom,,and, whatovor force waa in thn point submitted on which ho. now expressed no.opinion, it was brought fonyatd at tho¡wróng time. Mr. 'WALL asked what position ho would' bo in by raisiug tho point at a futuro timo. Ho would Uko to know whothor the committeo endorsed tho Estimates by passing ' the one before thom. ' Mr. CAMERON said tho matter had,not escaped his attention sinco tho bon. membor brought it undor notico. Ho thought tho propor timo for tho _mattor to como up would bo on the motion "That Mr.-Speaker leave the chair, and tho Houso rcsolvo itself into committeo of supply." Mr. M'ELHONE said tho Government would ho kopt in powor simply becauso the House and country were afraid to put tho Opposition back into office. Thero wore on both. ? sides of tho Houso meiiiboi-B who would bo willing to seo a oliango if thoy could fool sure of getting into ofiico honest and economical administrators of tho affair« of tho country. He was ono of those who was not satihliod with tho promises which the Govornmont had inndo, or tho way in which they had administered the aft'uiis ot tho country, but ho was afraid to seo Mr. Dibbs back in powor. Ho (Air. M'Elhono) thought that when thero was a surplus it would have boon a much moro favourable time for striking off tho duties than the present. Ho would ask whether tho present was a fair time for taking off tho paltry" duties imposed on bacon, cbeoso, and butter. As to tho proposal to roduco the duty on timoor, ho thought that the wholo proceeding was immoral and iniquitous. Rcbpcctiug tho proposal to imposo a tax on propoity, ho for ono would not consont to tho imposition ot it so long as wo wore in debt, and importers woio aUowod to onrich themselves by having thoir goods brought in freo of duty. Ho could not agroo with the pro- posal of tho Government with regnid to tho Civil servants. The lion, member tor East Sydney know that thero wa» nut a mercantile) house in Sydney but what a littlo while, ago had not only to dismiss numbers of employees, but also had to reduce tho salarios ot thoso who remained. Tho Civil servants wore tho curso ot the colony, and wero for tho most part a most uscIcbs, idle lot of men. What had becomo of tho promise ot rolronchmont made by tho Government. Ile found that tho salary of tho son of the bon. member for Parramatta had boon increasod from £480 to £000. Ho considered thal it was Bcundulous for tho Government to do this tor tho boh of ono oi thoir sup- porters, whilst at tho sumo time they reduced tho salarios of othor men in tho sorvico ; and to make matters worso, tho son of tho lion, member for Pariamiitta had nlso received an additional nppoiutmont in placo of another man. If this was true, it wits simply Bcandn'.ous. [Mr. Wire: Ita nearly as bad as tho Handsaker caso, if true] Tho hon., tho Attorney-General was a vory obscure member of th» | Bar only a short time ago, and had a ubcIcbs crawling olds wrotch of an uncle, who could do nothing but draw publia money. Mr. INGLIS: Blmmo! Shame! Shomo! Shamo ! Mr. M'ELHONE (excitedly): If you como outside I ? < will punch the head off you. (Crios of " Chati-, chair.") Mr. GARRARD rose to order. Mr. M'ELHONE (with increasing exoitoment) ! If ha comos outside I'll punch his, hoad ; the lying scoundrel (" Ordor ! Order ! ") Mr. HASSALL : Ho daro not say it outsido tho Houso. Mr. M'ELHONE: By - if he does I'11, show him . what I'll do. (Sensation.) Mr. CAMERON : I am sure the bon. momher will now .soo I havo a duty to perlorm. Tho hon. memhor must im ' that the words he has used are disorderly and should bo i withdrawn. Mr. M'ELHONE : I will withdraw my words out of respect to the House ; but if ho dares to say it'outside of the flouso-(Cries, " Chair, chair.") Mr. CAMERON: Inm responsible forthu erood conduct of the Houso whilst I occupy this chair, and I must ask tho lion, member for the Upper Hunter, having now with- drawn the words ho used, to refrain from using such words; and I must ask tho lion, tho Minister for Public Instruc- tion, who to a largo oxtont lias boon the causo of tho dis- turbance, to apologiso to tho Houso. (Opposition oheors.) Mr. M'ELHONE : Ho is a lying scoundrel. (Cries of V Chair, chair.") Mr. INGLIS said he felt that ho wai in a trying posi- tion. Whon ho hoard such gross nsporsions cast-(Oppo- sition mombers : "Apologise, apologiso.") Mr. M'ELHONE : I will striko him whoro he Rtnnda if he dures say it again. By-, I will, whatovor the result may be. (Sensation.) Mr. CAMERON : Î trust tho lion, member will havo moro respect for the Houso. I appeal to tho Minister for. Public Instruction to withdrawal« words. Mr. INGLIS said ho was very sorry if ho had said any- thing to causo an angry feoling or ciIubo any excitement. (Opposition cries of " \V ithdiaw " and " Apologise.") If ho had said anything to causo disorder, ho was soiry for it, and bogged to withdraw his words. Mr. M'ELHONE said ho was exceedingly sorry he should havo forgotten himself as.ho did, but it was through tho interjection made by the Attorney-Goneral. Ho could tell him all about tho Handsaker cuso. Ho had done nothing in his lifo to bo ashamod of. Ho was not ashamed of tho Hundsokor case. To procood with tho remarks he was .about to make, he wished to point out that the retrenchment policy of tho Government was no retrenchment policy at all. Ho quoted tho example of Victoria as an instance of good government, that colony having a surplus of £600,1)00, whilst wo had a dargo" déficit. Ho considered that the salaries of the higher-paid officials should be reduced, as ninny of thoir salaries wero much higher than would bo paid elsewhere. Ho objected^ to tho Govornmont paying two men when ono could do the work, and he behoved in engaging one man to do tho work, and paying him n good salary. The hours of work in the Civil Service should bo increased1 to correspond with tho hours worked by elorks outside. Tho Government bhonld have gono back to tho salaries paid five years ago, which wero sufficient for any man in tlie service. As far as his voto would go in this matter, he would put tho Government out to- moriow, for thoy had not carried out their promises of retrenchment 'It Victoria could bo governed for six and a-half millions per year, then this colony could surely ho govorucd for seven millions a year. Mr. MELVILLE asked tho Colonial Treasurer to con- tent to an adjournment of tho debate. ' Mr. BURNS objected to an adjournment at this early hour. Tho debate, he said, was practically tho samo ono as on tho voto of censure. They had had five nights debat- ing novi-, and it was unusual to closo a debato of this kind shortly nftor 11 o'clock. Ho thought thoy might go on for an hour or two as tho Government wore very dosirous of getting on with tho business, and wished to pass tho Esti- mates ooforo the end of tho year. Mr. ABBOTT : You need not try, because you hnvo not a ghost of a chanco of doing it. Mr. BURNS, continuing, said thnt the hon. niPiubor for "Wentworth ought to set an example of holping the Govern- ment. The Government wished to pass tho Estimates boforo tho end of tho year so us not to havo to bring down a Supply Bill. Mr. GORMLY suggested that tho dobato'B'hould bo adjourned. . . ' - ? - ? Sir HENRY PARKES said ho would raise no objec- tion if lion, mombors dosircd an adjournment. (Hoar, hear.) Ho hoped, howovor, that bon. members would exhaust themselves to-morrow. ' The Chairman then loft tho chair, and progress was re- ported. \- SYDNEY CORPORATION ACT AMENDMENT ' BILL. Mr. Speaker announced'tho roccipt of a messacro from" tho Legislativo Council, forwarding tho Sydney Corpora- tion Act Amendment Bill, with amendments. 1 AUSTRALASIAN NAVAL FORCES BILL. , Mr. Speaker announced tho rocoipt of a message from tho Legislative Council forwarding tho Australasian Naval Forces Dill, without amendment. (Ministerial cheers.) « ADJOURNMENT. ' On tho motion of Sir Hentcy Pahkes, the Houso ad- journed at 24 minutes pa*t 11 until 3 o'clock p.m. on Friday._ 