OHILD AND SERPENT. -x------ BY HARRY O. A. . A pretty, little child, with a wealth, of light auburn-almost yellow-hair, and a pair of great, dark, expressive blue eyes, a sweet little mouth, then such bright, highly c)loured cheeks, and tiny pink ears-a nicely dressed child, too, in her pink satin bonnet, white pinafore, and pink stockings. She does really look so proper, too, with her gay -little parasol held bolt upright over her hear', ;s .dcely~ -essed pivas.?h that.shle.minghtleil have been ' doing the block,' in Collins- street at her mamma's side, instead of treading the wiry, slippery, parched- looking grass of the far-away Gippsland bush. Where is nurse ? Surely it is not with her sanction the child is allowed to. wander off all alone, perhaps to lose herself in the mazes of the scrub-and the misleading paths left by wandering cattle. No; nurse is fast asleep under a shady tree, close to the snug cottage, embowered in its greenery, perhaps dreaming of the Mel bourne chap who surreptitiously kissed her a week before as she said good-bye at the Princes-bridge railway station. And Nettie, for that is the child's name, all alone and unprotected-too thoughtless to think of the dangers of wild cattle and snakes, and too Australian to think fearingly of fairies or ghosts-pursues her way between the leafless skeletons of the great rung trees, until at last she reaches a belt of the bushy green ti-tre e It is so cool in here, and though: her little feet sink I ee? into the soft, treacherous f ground, she continues her jaunt. Huw beal.ti ully cool it is, and how green and fairy-like look the moss-grown logs, with here and there great bunches of sword grass and rushes, intermingled with creepers, and hew happy the little birds seem as, too trust ful o.: 'of lazy to move out of her path, they coo a.d sing almost within reach of the chubby'little hands. On. she goes, until she hears the rippling, r gurgling, sound of water, and, pushing aside the bushes, she sees a scene like that she saw at the pantomine at Christmas-a little glade, with a bright little stream running through its cent:e, and bordered on either side by a beds or clumps of sweet wi:d violets. She almost expects to see little elfs and ' fairies come dancing round, with flower P crowns on their heads and green leaves on their bodies; how pretty they would'look di.s apearingand then appearing from behind She knew they were only flesh and blood, and the first great envy of her life was for d the throne of the fairy queen she then saw. But she can be queen here, even if she has , no court, and, first plucking a bunch of th . pale violets, she occupies a throne on a green , bank, under the umbrage of a huge fern-tree. For a long time she sits there quiet and contented, but the sun is so drowsy, and g everything is so still and quiet, that at last the dustman comes and her eyelids grow e heavy, and, thinking not of nurse's fright and mother's anxiety when they find her missing, she closes her eyes. and lets herself a drop off into a deep, peaceful slumber. How sweet she looks, the little hand a clasping the violets, the little angel face so peaceful and contented, so pure and innocent -surely nought of harm can disturb her slumbers, and yet why does the little sentinel bird, the nminah, with discordant crys fly roue d her face till it almost flaps it w t'l its wings, and then away it. goes to the long, dark grass at the other end of the glade, where it hovers, terrified and angry, over something unseen below. To and fro it goes, sometimes resting midway on a limb of a tree, sometimes hurriedly hopping from branch to branch. 'Tee-wit, tee-wit, tee wit,' it cries, but its good offices are unheeded ;l the child only slightly turns her heid, as though a sunbeam had momentarily restedI on her closed eyes. She will not awake. The unseen thing must be approaching. The minah's agitation increases Its gyrations grow smaller. Its journeyings do not now extend to the end of the glade. Occasionally it dips into the tips of grass, as though to pick at something, but only, as suddenly, to draw back into mid-air. Atlastthe cause of its terror is visible. Silently, cautiously, a great black snake parts the grass, and without wholly emerging therefrom, stops in the open space in. front of the sleeping child. The minah makes a final effort, and almost strikes the gleaming thing with its fluttering wings, but the brute only slightly lifts its head, exhibits its quivering fangs, and the poor, fruitless efforts \- of the faithful little sentinel of the bush are exhausted. With despair in its cry, it retires t> a branch ofa neighbouring treeto watch the scene below. The cold, steely black eyes are now fixedl on the child's face. - She seems at once to feel the concentrated power of the fearful mes meric stare. Uneasily she moves in her -sleep; the little eyelids quiver; the little lips part. Mamma,' they whisper. At last the eyes are open. Wider and wider they grow. As though already attracted by the awful fascination of the fastening look in front, they gaze straightway into the eyes of the serpent. Alone they express the child's feel ing. Alone they tell of the terror within such a piteous look of absolute, horrible, sub lime terror, they look like two great balls of glass. Shie seems incapable of uttering speech or making movement; the occasional twiech of the hands that still clasp the violets, the quick rising and falling of the poor little bosom, alone tell she lives. All through the long day, while the shadows more eastward, andthe sun glints through the leaves and casts streaks of bright light across the grassy .vard, does the abhorrent brute, the symblol of f b'41' :r.-. and gaze: i; abodes of purity, the grb; L ,u : i u, ... poor fascinated child. Surely nurse has awoke; surely" the mother has missed the tortured child. Where-where are they ? Why do they not come and break the hellish spell ? At last there is a sound of breaking twigs, then ex clamations from human-throats. The little tracks have been found. On they come. Oh, God ! is it-too late ? Only one of the pair in the glade.seems to awaken to life-it iý.theosleek, gleaming form of the roptilo.-F It erects its head as though to listen again, its horrible fangs protrude, it hisses, andi" slowly turning in its track, silently vanishes into the long grass. Has its fiendish work' been accomplished? The mother is the first to reach the glade. She screams with joy and relief, and rushes to the child. The eyes are open. No recog nition. A little hand still clasps the violets. Nurse is on her knees praying-praying for wlrat ? Again the mother screams, this time in horror and anguish. The child is inani mate-cold-dead! 