"WESLEYAN CONFERENCE, MONDAY, JANUARY 24. The president took the chair at lu o cioct». After devotional exercises, the daily record was read and confirmed. to uno men's christian association. A letter from the Yoang Men's Christian As sociation was read, inviting the members of the conference to make use ot the reading-room of the institution — resolved that a letter of thanks be forwarded to the secretary. the late ubv. james watrin. The Rev. R. Skllors read, with deep feeling a very touching obituary notice, written by the Rev. J. II. Fletcher, of the Rev. James SVatkin, author of the famous " Pity Poor Fiji," whose death at Asbtield last year was noticed in our columns at the time, to gether with an account of his heroic labors in the mission field. After readiog the notice, Mr. Sellers spoke of his personal esteem and love for the late Mr. Watkin. He was followed by the Revs. J. Oram, J. 13. Waterhouse, (jr. Pickering, W. Moore, W. Clarke, Y . Hill, H. Mack, Dr. Kelvnack, H. Youugman, G. Lane, J. G. Middleton, A. Parsons and the President. All these ministers spoke of their high appreciation of Mr. Watkin's in tegrity, blameless life, diligent and apostolic labors, eminent ability, great generosity and true brotherliuess. From the statements made it appeared mat wucn air. n nam X.S.W. in 1830 he was so popular as a preacher that the Wesleyan Church in Macquarie-street became too small, and the York- street Church was built to accommodate the increasing con gregations. Certain alterations in the above obituary notice were suggested and it was adopted by the conference. TIIE LATE REV. JOHN PAUBULA. The followiug account of the life of the Rev. J. Faubula was prepared by the Friendly Islands district meeting " John Faubula was the son of the King of Lakcmba, Fiji, aud was just rising to manhood when the gospel was first preached in that group by Messrs Cargill and Cross. He was one of the first, if not the first, to embrace it, and was the first to meet in class, and the first local preacher in Fiji. His adherence to the new 'Lotu1 raised against him the hostility of the chiefs, and he was told by his father to choose between his country and his religiou. His choice was soon made, and he went down to Tonga, ever after clinging to his adopted country, replying to a request that he would become lviug of Lakemba by saying that he preierred to be a Methodist preacher. At urai be bad only experienced what missionaries call the 'first conversion,' or, to use Mr. Wesley's phraseology, he was a 'servant,' not a 'son;' hut duriug a revival in Vavau, he received the Spirit of adoption aud the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He soon becanio mighty, in words aud deeds, aud attracted the attention of both missionaries and chiefs. By the former he was called into the work, and by the latter lie was in great request as a chaplain ou their voyages, and in their warlike expeditious with Taufaahau — as King George was then called. He was a speclahfavorite, and for years the pair wrought side by side in throwing down the strongholds of .Satan. He was fortunate iu the choice of a wife— Halioto'— who mourns Ibis loss, being indeed a helpmeet for him. Iu every department of our work he showed himself a strong man. His native brethren spoke of lii3 sermons as being most attractive and useful. Attractive certainly they were. He had a rich vein of humor, aud though his, wit w as some times thought too broad, yet it did not scein to detract from his usefulness. No congregation slept under John Faubula's preaching, and its fruits are evident on every side. When the unhappy disruption of the Toucan church took nlace, he remained faithful to his vows, though his old friend King George tried hard to induce him to join the new movement. When his people were driven away from their homes he followed them. He visited Fiji in 1885, having been selected to go there and take part in the Jubilee services, and from thence went to Sydney as the representative of the Xougau district to the Syducy Conference. Hero his health visibly gave way, and on his return ho was entirely laid aside. Though unable to preach, lie continued to exhort his junior associates to per severe. Shortly before his death he scut for his superintendent, Mr. Moulton, and said, 1 had hoped that we should have reached the smooth water together, but it cannot be. Hut don't be at all afraid. Our cause is certain to stand.' Shortly after he literally ' fell asleep ' aud was gathered to his fathers in the church, lie died July 20, 1$SG, after a ministerial course of 33 years." The president of the conference and many others spoke of the great power aud goodness of the Rev. John Faubula. REPRESENTATIVE CONFERENCE. The representative conference will meet in the new Oddfellows'-hall, Elizabeth- street, at 10 o'clock this morning. 