FICTION. She: a History of Adventure. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. (Author of "King Solomon's Mines," "Dawn," "The Witch's Head," &c.;) CHAPTER IX.—A LITTLE FOOT. When I opened my eyes again I found myself lying on a skin mat not far from the fire round which we had been gathered for the dreadful feast. Near me lay Leo, still apparently in a swoon, and over him was bending the tall form of the girl Ustane, who was washing a deep spear- wound in his side with water preparatory to binding it up with linen. Leaning against the wall of the cave behind her was Job, apparently unhurt, but bruised and trem- bling. On the other side of the fire, tossed about this way and that, as though they had thrown themselves down to sleep in some moment of absolute exhaustion, were the bodies of those whom we had killed in our struggle for life. I counted them. There were 12 besides the woman, and the corpse of poor Mahomed, who had died by my hand, which, the fire-stained pot at its side, was placed at the end of the irregular line. To the left a body of men were engaged in binding the arms of the survivors of the cannibals behind them, and then fastening them two and two. The villains were submitting with a look of sulky indifference upon their faces that accorded ill with the baffled fury that gleamed in their sombre eyes. In front of these men directing the operations stood no other than our friend Ballali, looking rather tired, but parti- cularly patriarchal with his flowing beard, and as cool and unconcerned as though he were superintending the cutting up of an ox. Presently he turned, and, perceiving that I was sitting up, advanced to me, and with the utmost courtesy said that he trusted that I felt better. I answered that at present I scarcely knew how I felt, except that I ached all over. Then he bent down and examined Leo's wound. "It's a nasty cut," he said, "but the spear has not pierced the entrails. He will recover. "Thanks to your arrival, my father," I answered. "In another minute we should all have been beyond the reach of recovery, for those devils of yours would have slain us as they would have slain our servant," and I pointed to- wards Mahomed. The old man ground his teeth, and I saw an extra- ordinary expression of malignity light up his eyes. "Fear not, my son," he answered. "Vengeance shall be taken on them such as would make the flesh twist upon the bones merely to hear it. To She shall they go, and her vengeance shall be worthy of her great- ness. That man," pointing to Mahomed, "I tell you that man would have died a merciful death to the death these hyæna-men shall die. Tell me, I pray of thee, how it came about." In a few words I sketched what had happened. "Ah, so," he answered. "Thou seest, my son, here there is a custom that if a stranger comes into this country he may be slain by 'the pot,' and eaten." "It is hospitality turned upside down," I answered feebly. "In our country we entertain a stranger, and give him food to eat. Here ye eat him and are enter- tained." "It is a custom," he answered, with, a shrug. "Myself I think it an evil one; but then," he added by an after- thought, "I do not like the taste of strangers, especially after they have wandered through the swamps and lived on wild- foul. When She who must be obeyed sent orders that ye were to be saved, she said nought of the black man; there- fore, being hyænas, these men lusted after his flesh, and the woman it was whom thou didst rightly slay who put it into their evil hearts to hot-pot him. Well, they will have their reward. Better for them would it be if they had never seen the light than that they should stand before She in her terrible anger. Happy are those of them that die by your hands. "Ah," he went on, "it was a gallant fight that ye fought. Knowest thou, that thou, long-armed old baboon that thou art, hast crushed in the ribs of those two who are laid out there as though they were but as the shell on an egg? And the young one, the lion, it was a beautiful fight that he made—one against so many; three did he slay outright, and that one there"—and he pointed to a body that was still moving a little—"will die anon, for his head is cracked across, and others of those who are bound are hurt. It was a gallant fight, and ye and he have made a friend of me by it, for I love to see a well-fought fray. But tell me, my son, the baboon—and now I think of it, thy face, too, is hairy, and altogether like a baboon's—how was it that ye slew those with a hole in them? Ye made a noise, they say, and slew them—they fell down on their faces at the noise?" I explained to him as well as I could, but very shortly— I was terribly wearied, and only persuaded to talk at all through fear of offending one so powerful if I refused to do so—what were the properties of gunpowder, and he instantly suggested that I should illustrate what I said by operating on the person of one of the prisoners. One, he said, never would be missed, and it would not only be very interesting to him, but would give me an opportunity of an instalment of revenge. He was greatly astounded when I told him that it was not our custom to avenge ourselves in cold blood, and that we left vengeance to the law and a higher Power of which he knew nothing. I added, however, that when I recovered I would take him out shooting with us, and he should kill an animal for himself, and at this he was as pleased as a child at the promise of a new toy. Just then Leo opened his eyes beneath the stimulus of some brandy (of which, we still had a little) that Job had poured down his throat, and our conversation came to an end. After this we managed to get Leo, who was in a very poor way indeed, and only half conscious, safely off to bed, supported by Job and that brave girl Ustane, to whom, had I not been afraid she might resent it, I would certainly have given a kiss for her splendid behaviour in saving my dear boy's life at the risk of her own. But Ustane was not the sort of young person with whom one would care to take liberties unless one were perfectly certain that they would not be misunderstood, so I repressed my inclinations. Then, bruised and battered, but with a sense of safety in my breast to which I had for some days been a stranger, I crept off to my own little sepulchre, not forgetting before I laid down to thank God from the bottom of my heart that it was not a sepulchre indeed, as were it not for a merciful combination of events that I can only attribute to Him, it would certainly have been for me that night. Few men, have been nearer their end and yet escaped it than we were on that dreadful day. My dreams that night when at last I got to sleep were not of the pleasantest. The awful vision of poor Mahomet struggling to escape the red-hot pot would haunt them, and then in the background, as it were, a veiled form was always hovering, which, from time to time, seemed to draw the coverings from its body, revealing now the perfect shape of a lovely blooming woman, and now again the white bones of a grinning skeleton, and which, as it veiled and unveiled, uttered the mysterious and apparently mean- ingless sentence— "That which is alive hath known death, and that which is dead yet can never die, for its the circle of the spirit life is nought and death is nought. Yea, all things live for ever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten." The morning came at last, but when it came I found that I was too stiff and sore to rise. About 7 Job arrived, limp- ing terribly, and with his face the colour of a rotten apple, and told me that Leo had slept fairly, but was verv weak. Two hours afterwards Billali (Job called him "Billy-goat," to which, indeed, his white beard gave him some re- semblance, or more familiarly "Billy,") came too, bearing a lamp in his hand, his towering form reaching nearly to the roof of the little chamber. I pretended to be asleep, and through the cracks of my eyelids watched his sardonic, but handsome old face. He fixed his hawk-like eyes upon me and stroked his glorious white beard, which, by the way, would have been worth a hundred a year to any London barber as an advertisement. "Ah!" I heard him mutter (Billali had a habit of muttering to himself), "he is ugly, ugly as the other is beautiful, a very baboon, it was a good name; but I like the man. Strange, now, at my age, that I should like a man. What says the proverb, 'Mistrust all men, and slay him whom thou mistrustest overmuch; and as for women, flee from them, for they are evil, and in the end will destroy thee.' It is a good proverb, especially the last part; I think it must have come down from the ancients. Nevertheless, I like this Baboon, and I wonder where they taught him his tricks, and I trust that She will not bewitch him. Poor Baboon, he must be wearied after that fight. I will go lest I should awake him." I waited till he had turned and was nearly through the entrance, walking softly and on tiptoe, and then I called after him. "My father," I said, "is it thou?" "Yes, my son, it is I; but let me not disturb thee. I did but come to see how thou did'st fare, and to tell thee that those who would have slain thee, my Baboon, are now well on their road to She. She said that ye were to come also at once, but I fear ye cannot yet." "Nay," I said, "not till we have recovered a little; but have me borne out into the daylight, I pray thee, my father. I like not this place." "Ah, no," he answered, "it hath a sad air. I remember when I was a boy I found the body of a fair woman lying where you lie now, yes, on that very bench. She was so beautiful that I used to creep in here with a lamp and gaze upon her. Had it not been for her cold hands, almost could I think that she slept and would one day awake, so fair and peaceful was she in her robe of white. White was she, too, and her hair was yellow and lay down her almost to the feet. There are many such still in the tombs at the place where She is, for those who set them there had a way I know nought of, of keeping their beloved out of the crumbling hand of decay, even when death had slain them. Ay, day by day I came hither and gazed on her, till at last —laugh not at me, stranger, for I was but a silly lad—I learned to love that dead form, that shell that once had held a life that no more is. I would creep up to her and kiss her cold face, and wonder how many men had lived and died since she was, and who had loved her and embraced her in the days that long had passed away; and my Baboon, I think I learnt wisdom from that dead one, for, of a truth, it taught me of the littleness of life and the length of death, and how all things that are under the sun go down one path, and are for ever forgotten. And so I mused, and it seemed to me that wisdom flowed into me from that dead one, till, one day, my mother, a watchful woman, but hasty- minded, seeing I was changed, followed me, and saw the beautiful white one, and feared I was bewitched—as, indeed, I was. So, half in fear and half in anger, she took the lamp, and standing the dead one up against the wall there, set fire to her hair, and she burnt fiercely, even down to the feet, for those who are thus kept burn excel- lently well. "See, my son, there on the roof is yet the smoke of her burning." I looked up, doubtfully, and there, sure enough, on the roof of the sepulchre was a peculiarly unctuous and sooty mark, three feet or more aross. Doubtless, it had in the course of years been rubbed off the sides of the little cave; but on the roof it remained, and there was no mistaking its appearance. "She burnt," he went on in a meditative way, "even to the feet; but the feet I came back and saved, cutting the burnt bone from them, and hid them under the stone bench there, wrapped up in a piece of linen. Surely, I remember it as though it were but yesterday. Perchance they are there, if none have found them, even to this hour. Of a truth I have not entered this chamber from that time to this very day. Stay, I will look," and, kneeling down, he groped about with his long arm in the recess under the stone bench. Presently his face brightened, and with an exclamation he pulled something forth that was caked in dust, which he shook on to the floor. It was covered with the remains of a rotting rag, which he undid, and revealed to my astonished gaze a beautifully- shaped and almost white woman's foot, looking as fresh and as firm as though it had been placed there yesterday. "Thou seest, my son, the Baboon," he said, in a sad voice, "I spake the truth to thee, for here is yet one foot remaining. Take it, my son, and gaze upon it." I took this cold fragment of mortality in my hand and looked at it in the light of the lamp with feelings which I cannot describe, so mixed up were they between astonish- ment, fear, and fascination. It was light, much lighter I should say than it had been in the living state, and the flesh to all appearance was still flesh, though about it there clung a faintly aromatic odour. For the rest it was not shrunk or shrivelled, or even black and unsightly, like the flesh of Egyptian mummies, but plump and fair, and, except where it had been slightly burnt, perfect as on the day of death— a very triumph of embalming. Poor little foot! I set it down upon the stone bench where it had lain for so many thousand years, and wondered whose was the beauty that it had upborne through the pomp and pageantry of a forgotten civilisation—first as a merry child's, then as a blushing maid's, and lastly as a perfect woman's. Through what halls of life had its soft step echoed, and in the end, with what courage had it trodden down the dusty ways of death! To whose side had it stolen in the hush of night when the black slave slept upon the marble floor, and who had listened for its stealing? Shapely little foot! Well might it have been set upon the proud neck of a conqueror bent at last to woman's beauty, and well might the lips of nobles and of kings have been pressed upon its jewelled whiteness. I wrapped up this relic of the past in the remnants of the old linen rag which had evidently formed a portion of its owner's grave-clothes, for it was partly burnt, and put it away in my Gladstone bag, which I had bought at the army and navy stores—a strange combination, I thought. Then, with Billali's help, I staggered off to see Leo. I found him dreadfully bruised, worse even than myself, per- haps owing to the excessive whiteness of his skin, and faint and weak from the loss of blood from the flesh-wound in his side, but for all that cheerful as a cricket, and asking for some breakfast. Job and Ustane got him on to the bottom, or rather the sacking of a litter, which was removed from its pole for that purpose, and carried him out into the shade at the mouth of the save, from which, by the way, every trace of the slaughter of the previous night had now been removed, and there we all breakfasted, and indeed spent that day, and most of the two following ones. On the third morning Job and myself were practically recovered. Leo also was so much better that I yielded to Billali's often expressed entreaty, and agreed to start at once upon our journey to Kôr, which we were told was the name of the place where the mysterious She lived, though I still feared for its effects upon Leo, and especially lest the motion should cause his wound, which was scarcely skinned over, to break open again. Indeed, had it not been for Billali's evident anxiety to get off, which led us to suspect that some difficulty or danger might threaten us if we did not comply with it, I would not have consented to go. CHAPTERR X.—SPECULATIONS. Within an hour of our finally deciding to start, five litters were brought up to the door of the cave, each accompanied by four regular bearers and two spare hands, also a band of about 50 armed Amahagger, who were to form the escort and carry the baggage. Three of these litters, of course, were for us, and one for Billali, who, I was immediately relieved to hear, was to be our companion, whilst the fifth I presumed was for the use of Eustane. "Does the lady go with us, my father?" I asked of Billali, as he stood superintending things generally. He shrugged his shoulders as he answered, "If she wills. In this country the women do what they please. We worship them, and give them their way, because without them the world could not go on; they are the source of life." "Ah," I said, the matter never having struck me in that light before. "We worship them," he went on, "up to a certain point, till at last they get unbearable, which," he added, "they do about every second generation." "And then what do you do?" I asked, with curiosity. "Then," he answered, with a faint smile, "we rise, and kill the old ones as an example to the young ones, and to show them that we are the strongest. "My poor wife was killed in that way three years ago. It was very sad, but to tell thee the truth, my son, life has been happier since, for my age protects me from the young ones." "In short," I replied, quoting the saying of a great man whose wisdom has not yet lightened the darkness of the Amahaggar, "thou hast found thy position one of greater freedom and less responsibility." This phrase puzzled him a little at first from its vague- ness, though I think my translation hit off its sense very well; but at last he saw it, and appreciated it. "Yes, yes, my Baboon," he said, "I see it now, but all the 'responsibilities' are killed—at least most of them are, and that is why there are so few old women about just now. Well, they brought it on themselves. As for this girl," he went on, in a graver tone, "I know not what to say. She is a brave girl, and she loves the Lion (Leo): thou sawest how she clung to him, and saved his life. Also, she is, according to our custom, wed to him, and has a right to go where he goes, unless," he added, significantly, "She should say her no, for her word overrides all rights." "And if She bade her leave him, and the girl refused? What then?" "If," he said, with a shrug, "the hurricane bids the tree to bend, and it will not; what happens?" And then, without waiting for an answer, he turned and walked to his litter, and in 10 minutes from that time we were all well under weigh. It took us an hour and more to cross the cup of the volcanic plain, and another half -hour or so to clime the edge on the further side. Once there, however, the view was a very fine one. Before us was a long steep slope of grassy plain, broken here and there by clumps of trees mostly of the thorn tribe. At the bottom of the gentle slope, some nine or 10 miles away, we could make out a dim sea of marsh, on which the foul vapours hung like smoke about a city. It was easy going for the bearers down the slopes, and by mid-day we had reached the borders of the dismal swamp. Here we halted to eat our mid-day meal, and then, following a winding and devious path, plunged into the morass. Presently the path, at any rate to our unaccustomed eye, seemed to grow so faint as to be almost indistinguishable from those made by the aquatic beasts and birds, and it is to this day a mystery to me how our bearers found their way across the marshes. Ahead of the cavalcade marched two men with long poles, which they now and again plunged into the ground before them, the reason being that the nature of the soil frequently changed from causes with which I am not acquainted, so that places that would be safe enough to cross one month would certainly swallow the wayfarer the next. Never did I see a more dreary and depressing scene. Miles on miles of quagmire, varied only by bright green strips of com- paratively solid ground, and by deep and sunken pools fringed with tall rushes, in which the bitterns boomed and the frogs croaked incessantly: miles on miles of it without a break, unless the fever fog can be called a break. The only life in this great morass was that of the aquatic birds, and the animals that fed on them, of both of which there were vast numbers. Geese, crane, ducks, teal, coot, snipe, and plover swarmed all round us, many being of varieties that were quite new to me, and all so tame that one could almost have knocked them over with a stick. Among those birds I especially noticed a very beautiful variety of painted snipe, almost the size of woodcock, and with a flight more resembling that bird's than an English snipe's. In the pools, too, was a species of small alligator or enormous iguana, I do not know which, that fed, Billali told me, upon the waterfowl; also large quantities of a hideous black water snake, of which the bite is very dangerous, though not, I gathered, so deadly as as a cobra's or a puff adder's. The bull-frogs were also very large, and with voices pro- portionate to their size; and as for the mosquitos, they were, if possible, even worse than they had been on the river, and tormented us greatly. Undoubtedly, however, the worst feature of the swamp was the awful smell of rotting vege- tation that hung about it, that was at times positively ever- powering, and the malarious exhalation that accompanied it, which we were, of course, obliged to breathe. On we went through it all, till at last the sun sank in sullen splendour just as we reached a spot of rising ground about two acres in extent—a little oasis in the midst of the miry wilderness—where Billali announced that we were to came. The camping, however, turned out to be a very simple process, and consisted, in fact, in sitting down on the ground round a scanty fire made of dry reeds and some wood that had been brought with us. However, we made the best we could of it, and smoked and ate with such, appetite as the smell of damp, stifling heat would allow, for it was very hot on this low land, and yet, oddly enough, chilly at times. But, however hot it was, we were glad enough to keep near the fire, because we found that the mosquitoes did not like the smoke. Presently we rolled ourselves up in our blankets and tried to go to sleep, but so far as I was concerned, the bull- frogs, and the extraordinary roaring and alarming sound produced by hundreds of snipe hovering high in the air, made sleep an impossibility, to say nothing of our other discomforts. I turned and looked at Leo, who was next to me; he was dozing, but his face had a flushed appearance that I did not like, and by the flicker- ing fire-light I saw Ustane, who was lying on the other side of him, raise herself from time to time upon her elbow, and look at him anxiously enough. However, I could do nothing for him, for we had all already taken a good dose of quinine, which was the only preventative we had; so I lay and watched the stars come out by thousands, till all the immense arch of heaven was sewn with glittering points, and every point a world! Here was a glorious sight by which man might well measure his own insignificance! Soon I gave up thinking about it, for the mind wearies easily when it strives to grapple with the infinite, and to trace the footsteps of the Almighty as he strides from sphere to sphere, or deduce His purpose from His works. Such things are not for us to know. Know- ledge is to the strong, and we are weak. Too much wisdom would blind our imperfect sight, and too much strength would make us drunk, and overweight our feeble reason till it fell, and we were drowned in the depths of our own vanity. What is the first result of man's increased knowledge inter- preted from nature's book by the persistent effort of his purblind observation? Is it not nearly always to make him question the existence of his Maker, or indeed of any intel- ligent purpose beyond his own? The truth is veiled, because we could no more look upon her glory than we can upon the sun. It would destroy us. Full knowledge is not for man as man is here, for his capacities, which he is apt to think so great, are indeed but small. The vessel is soon filled, and where one-thousandth part of the unutterable and silent wisdom that directs the rolling of the shining spheres and the force which makes them roll, pressed into it, it would be shattered into fragments. Perhaps in some other place and time it may be otherwise; who can tell? Here the lot of man born of the flesh is but to live midst toil and tribulation, to catch at the bubbles blown by fate, which he calls pleasures, thankful if before they burst they rest a moment in his hand, and when the tragedy is played out and his hour come to perish, to pass humbly whither he knows not. Above me, as I lay, shone the eternal stars, and there at my feet the impish marsh-born balls of fire rolled this way and that, vapour-tossed and earth-desiring, and methought that in the two I saw a type and image of what man is, and what perchance man may one day be, if the living force that ordained him and them should so ordain this also. Oh, that it might be ours to rest year by year upon that high level of the heart to which at times we momentarily attain! Oh, that we could shake loose the prisoned pinions of the soul and soar to that superior point, whence, like to some traveller looking out through space from Darien's giddiest peak, we might gaze with the spirit eyes of noble thoughts deep into infinity! What would it be to cast off this earthy robe, to have done for ever with these earthy thoughts and miserable desires; no longer, like those corpse candles, to be tossed this way and that, by forces beyond our control; or, if we can theoretically control them, are yet driven by the exigencies of our nature to obey! Yes, to cast them off, to have done with the foul and thorny places of the world; and like to those glittering points above me, to sit on high, wrapped for ever in the brightness of our better selves, that even now shines in us as fire faintly shines within those lurid balls, and lay down our littleness in that wide glory of our dreams,that invisible but surrounding good, from which all truth and beauty comes! These and many such thoughts passed through my mind that night. They come to torment us all at times. I say to torment, for alas! thinking can only serve to measure out the helplessness of thought. What is the use of our feeble crying in the awful silence of space? Can our dim intelligence read the secrets of that star-strewn sky? Does any answer come out of it? Never any at all, nothing but echoes and fantastic visions. And yet we believe that there is an answer, and that upon a time a new dawn will come blushing down the ways of our enduring night. We believe it, for its reflected beauty even now shines up con- tinually in our hearts from beneath the horizon of the grave, and we call it hope. Without hope we should suffer moral death, and by the help of hope we yet may climb to Heaven, or at the worst, if she also prove but a kindly mockery given to hold us from despair, be gently lowered into the abysses of eternal sleep. Then I fell to reflecting upon the undertaking on which we were bent, and what a wild one it was, and yet how strangely the story seemed to fit in with what had been written centuries ago upon the sherd. Who was this extraordinary woman, Queen over a people apparently as extraordinary as herself, and reigning amidst the vestiges of a lost civilisation? And what could be the meaning of this story of the Fire that gave unending life? Could it be possible that any fluid or essence could exist that could so fortify these fleshly walls that they should from age to age resist the mines and batterings of decay? It was possible though not probable. The indefinite continuation of life would not, after all, be half so marvellous a thing as the production of life and its temporary endurance. And if it were true, what then? The person who found it could, no doubt, rule the world. He could accumulate all the wealth in the world, and all the power, and all the wisdom that is power. He might give a lifetime to the study of each art or science. Well, if that were so, and this She were prac- tically immortal, which I did not for one moment believe, how was it that, with all these things at her feet, she pre- ferred to remain in a cave amongst a society of canibals? That surely settled the question. The whole story was monstrous, and only worthy of the superstitious days in which it was written. At any rate I was very sure that I would not attempt to attain unending life. I had had far too many worries and disappointments and secret bitter- nesses during my 40 odd years of existence to wish that this state of affairs should be continued indefinitely. And yet I suppose that my life has been, comparatively speaking, a happy one. And then, reflecting that at the present moment there was far more likelihood of our earthly careers being cut exceedingly short than of their being unduly prolonged, I at last managed to get to sleep, a fact for which anybody who reads this narrative—if anybody ever does—may very probably be thankful. When I woke again it was just dawning, and the guard and bearers were moving about like ghosts through the dense morning mists, getting ready for our start. The fire had died quite down, and I rose and stretched myself, shivering in every limb from the damp cold of the dawn. Then I looked at Leo. He was sitting up, holding his hands to his head, and I saw that his face was flushed and his eye bright, and yet yellow round the pupil. "Well, Leo," I said, "how do you feel?" "I feel as though I were going to die," he answered hoarsely. "My head is splitting, my body is trembling, and I am as sick as a cat." I whistled, or if I did not whistle I felt inclined to; Leo had got a sharp attack of fever. I went to Job, and asked him for the quinine, of which, fortunately, we had still a good supply, only to find that Job himself was not much better. He complained of pains across the back, and dizziness, and was almost incapable of helping himself. Then I did the only thing it was possible to do under the circumstances—gave them both about 10 grains of quinine, and took a slightly smaller dose myself as a matter of pre- caution. After that I found Billali, and explained to him how matters stood, asking at the same time what he thought had best be done. He came with me, and looked at Leo and Job (whom, by the way, he had named the Pig on account of his fatness, round face, and small eyes). "Ah," he said, when we were out of earshot, "the fever! I thought so. The Lion has it badly; but he is young, and he may live. As for the Pig, his attack is not so bad; it is the 'little fever' that he has; that always begins with pains across the back, it will spend itself upon his fat." "Can they go on, my father?" I asked. "Nay, my son, they must go on. If they stop here they will certainly die, and besides, they will be better in the litters than on the ground. By to-night, if all goes well, we shall be across the marsh and in good air. Come, let us lift them into the litters and start, for it is very bad to stand still in this morning fog. We can eat our morning meal as we go." This we accordingly did, and with a heavy heart I once more set out upon our strange journey. For the first three hours all went as well as could be expected, and then an accident happened that nearly lost us the pleasure of the company of our venerable friend, Billali, whose litter was leading the cavalcade. We were going through a par- ticularly dangerous piece of quagmire, in which the bearers sometimes sank up to their knees. Indeed, it was a mystery to me how they contrived to carry the heavy litters at all over such ground as that we were traversing, though the two spare hands, as well as the four regular ones, had, of course, to put their shoulders to the pole. Presently, as we blundered and floundered along, there was a sharp cry, then a storm of exclamations, and, last of all, a most tremendous splash, and the whole caravan halted. I jumped out of my litter, and ran forward. About 20 yards ahead was the edge of one of those sullen peaty pools of which I have spoken, the path we were following running along the top of its bank, which, as it happened, was a steep one. Looking towards this pool, to my horror I saw that Billali's litter was floating on it, and as for Billali him- self, he was nowhere to be seen. To make matters clear I may as well explain at once what had happened. One of Billali's bearers had unfortunately trodden on a basking snake, which had bitten him in the leg, whereon he had, not unnaturally, let go the pole, and then finding he was tumbling down the bank, grasped at the litter to save himself. The result of this was what might have been expected. The litter was pulled over the edge of the bank, the bearers let go, and the whole thing, including Billali and the man who had been bitten, rolled into the slimy pool. When I got to the edge of the water neither of them were to be seen, and, indeed, the un- fortunate bearer never was seen again. Either he struck his head against something, or got wedged in the mud, or possibly the snake-bite paralysed him. At any rate, he vanished. But though Billali was not to be seen, his whereabouts was clear enough from the agitation of the floating litter, in the bearing cloth and curtains of which he was entangled. "He is there! Our father is there!" said one of the men; but he he did not stir a finger to help him, nor did any of the others. They simply stood and stared at the water. "Out of the way, you brutes," I shouted in English, and throwing off my hat, I took a run and sprang well out into the horrid slimy- looking pool. A couple of strokes took me to where Billali was struggling beneath the cloth. Somehow, I don't quite know how, I managed to push this free of him, and his venerable head all covered in green slime, like that of a yellowish Bacchus with ivy leaves, emerged upon the surface of the water. The rest was easy, for Billali was an eminently practical individual, and had the common sense not to grasp hold of me as drowning people often do, so I got him by the arm, and towed him to the bank, through the mud of which we were with diffi- culty dragged. Such a filthy spectacle as we presented I have never seen before or since, and it will perhaps give some idea of the almost superhuman dignity of Billali's appearance when I say that, coughing, half- drowned, and covered with mud and green slime as he was, with his beautiful beard coming to a dripping point, like a China- man's freshly-oiled pigtail, he still looked venerable and imposing. "Ye dogs,' he said, addressing the bearers as soon as he had sufficiently recovered to speak, "ye left me, your father to drown. Had it not been for this stranger, my son the Baboon, assuredly I should have drowned. Well, I will remember it," and he fixed them with his gleaming, though slightly watery eye, in a way I saw they did not like, though they tried to appear sulkily indifferent. "As for thee, my son," the old man went on, turning towards me and grasping my hand, "rest assured that I am thy friend through good and evil. Thou hast saved my life, perchance a day may come when I shall save thine." After that we cleaned ourselves as best we could, fished out the litter, and went on minus the man who had been drowned. I don't know if it was owing to his being an un- popular character, or from native indifference and selfish- ness of temperament, but I am bound to say that nobody seemed to grieve much over his sudden and final disappear- ance, unless, perhaps, it was the men who had to do his share of the work. 