THt RAJLWAT RESTJMPt/oNS AID MINER'S RIGHT TITJjES. * tIthb Edwoe oir ' Gvmpib Tjmks.' Sr,' — I noticed in your issup ' of !the' 17tl a letter, from Mr P, I. /Power re the esirability.pf getting a lfetter .title to or holdings on goldfielcjs. Now I mai tain that we miners caiinot possibly obtjn a better title tO'.our tenements witl mt impairing our interests gener ally and what better title should we retire? Any holder /of a Miner's Rig b may take up apiece of unoccu piec Drown Lands under the Goldfiolds Act subject to the conditions therein stat 1, and reside thereon until the said landbe wanted for raining purposes. or pubic works. The Goldfields Act allojs that compensation bo given to all i lose holding is resumed ; but the Act nly allows compensation for the imp vements on the land. This I con side fair enough to any reasonable persi. Why should we expect the Gov nment to pay for land that is only lent o us 1 It would be like borrow-, ing i article and expecting the owner to bp it back should he require it., But Mr. Power holds that in several 'cases less ns been oflered'in the way of com penstion than the amount of boiiajide loanjniadeon the areasin question. ? Such a gri trance is only that of a moneylender who mppened to advance more money on c tain holdings than the improve men were worth, and for that reason our mon ' lenders would agitate for a bettor title 3 land, so that they may be more secu in making advances on jprbperty. Suclfan agitation need not expect sup porttom the miners, as the miners do not Jpe to live uy oorrowmg money on theirbroperty. Again Mr. Power tolls us tU ou!r gold mines aro m secui being subjeot to the claims of Hor Tttyesty, or as Mr. Power puts it, subieb to any whim our rulers may takeT This 'I pall1 '', Power's Ghost,' wherjvith ': he , .; 'thinks , to ' _' scare tho mine into the belief thatsomething was wronkn the words ' except, .as.against Hor]lajesty'yv' ? * '«elds Act. To mjT land.poJlr ; natioLr ' ! and ,il woull case.! , lead I ? -?., M :». -a it lo »ld '.he he badei'nf,- nf ??? Jould havo^ n^y t£?B ffv rf ^minew goa better tlioin the oppQ-tunitv r.t i P miners'; w3 Wo thet Wg '5, clinbd, 'Sis °tV /lou'? y S?.t.4 mentioned ii\ ^T ?nft' .olcleis. JJho Wo couJd b j d unW the innierseV,10 to terms. There are quite enough V theso botte, tifclo hoWmgB on the heilfor tho miners to know tho oyiOpf thenf both t nnmng and reside^. For , Cartwnght's and %B-S holdin Paf. against mining, and U mxdhothev holdings as against r^dp so that looking at the questio^on the ^ I thmk that public opiL i8 moroii; favor of the resumptjoLf t]ie better t tie holdings already m Wenoe than the desire for to make \jre T|iero seems tc , be . n good deal of\consist about Mr. Patriot's views \ the * tion. Herein Australia h advocates fora better title for landed terms tho Government despotic 'foLfthhold ing it for the people. SimpUecause he is a coming land lord, but\,ealdn ofjreland his views aro quite \pOsito being in condemnation of the\,vorn' ment that maintains the»LaY|ordiB individual right to the land L,insfc the people, still he would waA^he public here against our GoldfieldVct and Government. . Snch a4warningVn. not-be of mu6h value; coming as it'L8 ? from a man who holds views in diL, opposition to each other. For my p\ I am one who?,fa,vo.rs' lancl 'nationalii tion as set fprtli.by.^Mn ilpnry Gebrg in his famous work ' Progress an Poverty' as being the only true romed] for tho much vexed land question. ., i '*I tun y.bura trulyi ' * ';. j! '? JOHN SMITH ' Miner. December 28th, 1887. , 