tlw Religious Items. Tuesday, November 1, was AllSainta* Day, and Bpeoial dedication festival services wore held in AllSainte'Church on 8unday, tho 6th, in com memoration thereof. A children's service, con ducted by the Rev. T. Puglio, preceded matins, and a full choral service was held in th o morning. At both morning and evening services the Rev. C. Gr. Robinson preachcd, and on each occasion there was a large attendance. THE committee of Enoggera terrace Presby terian Church have recently made considerable additions and improvements to their church, in order to meet tho pressing wanta of the congre gation aud Sabbath school. A commodious class- room has been constructed underneath tho building, a neat gallery put up in tho church, the vestibule and minister's room have been added to tho end next tho terrace, and over these a .handeomo bell-tower rises to a height of 69 feet. The bell bears this inscrip tion: "Victoria's Jubilee, 1887. Theiriftof J. R. Palmer." A VERY interesting reunion took place in Mowbraytown Presbyterian Church on the 2nd instant. Tho Sabbath 6chool teachers and ^nost of the choir, to tho number of nearly 40, met to bid farewell to Mr. John Cannan, who had been secretary of the school from its commencement, and choirmaster of the church for some time back, and who was now being transferred from the Queensland National Bank in Brisbane to a branch of the same bank in Isisford. Tho Rev. A. C. Smith presided. Afier tea had been partaken of, some very I handsome volumes were presented to Mr. Cannan. In the Protestant Hall on Monday a l?cturo on " The Resurrection of tho Dead and Change of the Living, ' was delivered by "an evan gelist serving under tho Lord's restored apostles.'* The lecturer said that the future of men after death had always -been the ultimate question for religion and philosophy. 'H« cited Scripture to show that the true solution lav in the resurrection of the body, an idea which appeared iu various forms of heathen tradition. Tho opinion that saiu<s wore already in heawn was unteuable, and the Lord Himself did not go thither till ETo had' risen'in Hi* body. The resurrection; ut 'he cud of tho world was not, however, the hope of the Church, but the first resurrection at the coining of Christ, 1,000 years sooner. Scriptural predictions of the characteristics of tho latter days of the Chris tian^ dispensation showed them to be now passing, and therefore that the first resurrection and the change of the living among the faithful; baptised was near. Another si>cn was the presence of anostlcs in the church, who were witness to ana preparing for that event. | A.UNITED Protestant thanksgiving service under the auspices of the Grand Lodge of tho Logal Orange Institution of Queensland, to celebrate the anniversary of tho discover}' of the Gunpowder Plot and the landing of William m. in England, was held on Sunday afternoon in the Protestant Hall, Ann street. * The chair was occupied by the Right Worshipful Grand Master J. Dorsett, supported on either side by the officers of the Grand Lodge in full regalia, and a number of clergymen. A very large congregation completely filled the hall, which was tastefully decorated with flags and the various emblems of tho order, the most striking object being the boautiful banner of tho Grand Lodge, which hung extended over the platform. Prayer having been engaged in, a portion of Scripture selected for the occasion was read by tho Rev. H. Guinness, which was followed by eloquent addresses by tho Grand Master, the Rev. Principal M'Culloch, and die Rev. S. G. Crawford, which wero listened to with earnest attention. The various hymns wero beautifully sung by the St. Andrew's Church choir, and joined in heartily by the audience. Tho benediction having been pro nounced, tho service terminated by tho singing of the first verso of the National Anthem by the whole of tho congregation. On Sunday morning tho new building of tho Wickham terrace Presbyterian Church was for mally opened, when tho'Rev. G. D. Buchanan,of tho Cairns Memorial Church, Melbourne, con ducted the service. It was anticipated that tho place would bo civwded, and to prevent over crowding admission was by invitation card. There were 600 invitations issued, and from tho number present it seemed as if every one' had taken advantago of tho card of entree. Tho church is only seated for 500, so that all tho open spaces and tho vacant space in front of the pulpit allotted for tho, communion table were fitted up with chairs to accommodate the extra numbers. Mr. Buchanan, who has a good voice and an excellent delivery, is well lcuown as an attractive preacher, ilit stylo in.iy bo fitl}* do^ribed as YankeoMn in tho pulpit, but it is an intellectual refinedYaukeeism which renders sormous piquant aud palatable. Ho is also good at making clover and startling pauses, so that it might bo said that his silence (or pauses) aro more eloquent still than his speech. Ho preached from the text. (1 Kings xviii. 42), "So Ahab went up to eat aud to drink. Ami Elijah went up to the ton of Carmel. and he east himself down upon the earth, and put his faoo between his krees." In tho ovenintr there was as largo k congregation us nt morning service, ami the Rev. G. 1). Buchanan again preached. He took for his text Genesis xxviii. 18-tho story of Jacob's experiences at Luz-and compared his previous* life to thnt of tho unconverted sinner. Thototal umountof tho collection^ f«r tho day was: At tho morning service, X170 0s. 2d.; evening Bsrvice, X18 17s.; total, £18S 17s. 2d. ^ A SUCCESSFUL tea meeting was held on the 7th instant la the Congregational Church, Rockhampton, to bid farowell to tlio Rev. Mr. Johnson and. to wolcomo tho Rev. Mr. Chap man, of Castlemnine. AT a service of song held last wcokintho Congregational Church, North'Ipswich; the Rev. 1*]. Wilson was piv-sonted with a purse oF M sovereigns and au address as an expression tho congregation's high 'opinion of hint as a pastor. The Rev. "W^ M'Watt Allen ia reported to have acceptedJhe call of the Presbyterian Church at Charters Towers. Ret. STEWABT BTBON has heen preaching to large congregations atgjWarwick. His last mooting in that town was held on the 1st instant. Aechbisiiop Dunne conducted confirmation services at St. Mary's Church, Maryborough, on tho 6th instant, when about 50 candidates wero confirmed. MI«,iSvt?tC1 ^tho Eev- E- Fox, Prmftire Methodist, of Brisbane, will, in the course of a few weeks, tako up the duties of the Rev. Mr opalding at Barcaldrtto. THE new Roman Catholic Churoh at I)u gandan was opened on the 1st instant. About 120 persons attended tho service,'which beirun Ti1.?,dook- Tho Rev. Fathers Enright and U Roilly wpro the officiating clergymen. _ Tne erection of the Presbyterian Church, lambo-of which the blocks , were laid some i? .montps -is being proceeded with saiistjictorily. Mr. Hillier is now canvassing the d^tnet for further funds in aid of the building, and has met with' great succcsa. THE Right Rev. Dr. Hutchinson, Vicar Apostolic of Cooktown, visited Herberton on October 19, accompanied by the Rev. Father Nolau. Miss Kate Sheohan, on behalf of the Sunday School children, presented an address, and a similar compliment was paid to the bishop by Mr. G. H. O'Donald on behalf of the Catholic laity. , AT Toowoomba on Saturday, October 29, the ceremony of laying the blocks of the Salvation Army new barracks .was performed by the 5?5*T Groom and Mr. R. Aland, MM.L.A.,. in the presence of about 200 people. The building will be substantially built of wood, xt occupies - a central position .in tho town, and will shortly become a valuable property. ' , Tiie Rev. rather Murray, O.S.A., who for *omo two. months has been in charge of the Roman Catholic Church on Croydon, left on October 18 for Cooktown to take charge of /the diocese, of North Queensland during the absence in Europe of Bishop Hutchinson. On tho previous evening the rev. gentleman was entertained at a banquet. In the course of the proceedings, a - purge of /70 sovereigns was handed to Father Murrav, which he at onoe presented to Mr. G. S. Wragge, the hon. sec retary, on; behalf the building fund, declining to accept it as.a personal gift.-Croydon JUi/ier. On Sunday last quite an event took place in connection with German colonists in Toowoomba and district. It was the opening of the newly erected Evangelical Lutheran Trinity Church in Hume street. There was a large attendance, and in celebration of tho event- the sacred edifice was neatly decorated with flowers, wrcathR, and festoons. Tho church was opened with the usual observances. The Rev. A. Sultman, tho president of the Gennan and Scandinavian Lutheran Synod, assist© I by Pastors Helmuth, of Maryborough; Khronke, of Ipswich: Burjrhardt, of Hiirh fields; and Gossling, of Laidley, conducted the services of tho day. These rev. gentlemen, in canonicals, met the churchwardens in front of the porch, and Mr. Carl Voelker then handed tho key of the church to the Rev. A. Sultmann, who, after a few appropriate remarks delivered in German, gave tho key to the Rev. J. Kohnke, who opened the door in tho name of tho Father, . Son, and Holy Ghost. Tho congregation then I passed in and took their seats. THE Rov. Marshall Lon^ is to occupy the pulpit at the Scots* Church, Melbourne, for four months. AT St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church. Syd ney, on Sunday afternoon last, tho Rev. Dr. Steele baptised three natives of tho New Hebrides and a native of Ceylon. DR. 0'MOORE, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, is ubout to proceed to Ro*ne on a visit to tho Pope. He takes 1,000 sovereigns minted Ballarat gold as a contribution to Pcter'sPenco from tho diocese. Dr. Moore - also t»keasome handsome, and valuablo specimens of gold bearing quartz for tho musoum at the Vatican. THE Roman Catholics throughout New Zea lnnd are Mgping a petition to bo presented to Parliament, setting forth their grievances under tho present Education Act. Thero is a much larger number of members in the present Par liament, than in the last in favour of Biblo reading in tho State school and of according assistanoJ to the Roman Catholics.' Mrs. Bekcuer STOWE is failing rapidly i health. She declares that sho will writo no | moro, and that her work is done. LADIES now assist the choir" iu tho parish I church of Skolton-m-Clovdaud, England. They are attired in gowus of Scottish lawn and } velvet caps. A obxeral conference of nll Evangelical I missions in Mexico is to bo held between Januarj* 31 and February 3, ISSS, in the City ot Mexico MB. G. "W*. M'Corcutc, a wealthy citizen of Thomusville, Georgia, who is not a member of am* church, surprised the pastors of the various churches in that town tho other dny by pre senting each with a houses and lot. \ Om Ascinsiorr, tho free Cossack, who went oil a mission to Abyssinia in ISSfi, with tho object of'propagating the orthodox Jai*h, is now recruiting numerous adherents iu Moscow for a now expedition to that, country, thu necessary means being furnished by voluntary contributions. A pahi'HLET entitled u La Lettre du Pape et I ritulio Ofticielle," by M. Eugene Rendu, has attracted much attcution in Franco and Italy. Tho conclusion the author arrives at is that. 1 lie Holy Father must have a freedom visible, tan gible, paten* lo nil the world, and must, there fore, reside on his own territory, which urn lie nono 'oitiev than Koine, the. natural *eat of the sovereign Pontiff, centre of life oi* the church, fipd capital of Chri&tomlom.; HEY. Chahles D. Hzsx&tjstm; of Bev. Daniel Tenney, of Englewood, New 3efgeyf and until recently a missionary of the America*! Board in China, has jupt been appointed private tuto? to the BOOH of Viceroy Li Hung* Chang, who is without doubt tho most influential man in the Chinese Empire. As a proof of the hold the idea of concilia tion has on the public mind in Italy, it ie said that a roughly*coloured print representing Leo XIII. in ordinary pontifical costume arm-in arm with the King of Italy dressed in the uniform of an Italian general officer, beating underneath the single word "Sara?" (Will it "bo ?) has an enormous sale. THE Dean of Canterbury, in a letter to the honorary secretary of the Church of England Burial lieforrn Association, said: f,*We profess to be restoring1 * earth to earth;* and yet by solid coffins and bricked graves we prevent the healthful separation of human remains into their component parts, and store them up to the injury of the living." TnEBEare 400 Mormon bishops in Utah, 2,423 priests, 2,947 teachers, and 6,854 deacons. Salt Lake City i« divided iito wards of eight or nine blocks each ; and a bishop is put in charge of each ward. Under him there are two teachers, whose business it is to learn the employment and income of every resident of the ward, and report the same to the bishop. Then the bishop col lects the tenth of each man's income and turns it over to the church authorities. The same com plete system exists all over the territory. Afl the bishops get a good commission on their collections they make very zealous and per sistent collectors. 