ROME. THE WILL OF POPE PIUS IX. (Catholic Bevietu.) Among the documents contained in the book " II Conclave di Leone XIII.," by R. de Cesare (Simmaco), there is one of exceptional interest, being the authentic text of the long will of Pius IX., now published for the first time. " The will was read at 1 o'clock at night," says Signor de Cesare," in the reception-room of the Secretary of State, before the relations of Pio Nono, who had been summoned by the Pope's Chancellor. Monsignore Pericoli was charged with the reading of the will, of which a copy was given to each of the heirs. The will consisted of eleven autograph documents, which were found after the Pope's death in one of the drawers of his private desk. The first document, bound with a yellow and white silken ribbon, and sealed with the Pope's seal in red sealing-wax, was written on seven pages, and ran as follows :— From the Vatican, 16th March, 1875. Last Will: IN THE NAME OF THE HOLT TRINITY, I recommend my soul to the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, three Persons and one God. I supplicate Maria Santissima, ever immaculate, her spOuse St. Joseph, the Saints Peter and Paul, St. Michael Archangel, St. Luigi Gonzaga, my patron saints, and all my protectors and advocates, to assist me in the grand passage from time to eternity as they have assisted and protected me during the course of my life. My body, being dead, shall be buried in the Church of St. Lorenzo, fuori mora, and precisely under the small arch opposite the so- called grating or stone on which are still seen the stains produced by the martyrdom of the illustrious saint. The expense of the monument shall not exceed the sum of 400 scudi. Outside the modest monument shall be sculptured a tiara and the keys; then an epigraph conceived in the following terms:—Ossa et cineres Pii P. IX. Sum. Pont, vixit ann.—in Pontificatu ann.—Ora pro eo. The coat of arms shall be a skull. Having provided for and established the use and application to be made of the estates acquired at my expense in Sinigaglia by the decree of June, 1873, I dispose of that property which shall be found at my death. I pray God to protect and preserve those estates that are destined to pious uses. So far as depends on me, I repeat that as to my estates of Sinigaglia, which I have designed for the Pious House of Retreat and the gymnasium of the said city, by the decree of the 1st September, 1853, and 20th April, 1877, besides the chirograph of the 24th of May, of the same year, I will and intend that what I have declared in the other decree of the 1st June, 1873, shall be observed according to the resolving conditions, caducity, and rights of reversion in the cases contemplated by the said decree, which declaration I confirm by this our present testament, as the expression of our last will, ordering and enjoining our heirs and others nominated in our decree ; and, also, in case these do not do it, praying anyone who has the office and interest to attend to its diligent and rigorous observance. I leave my library to the Seminary Romano-Pio. The smaller library, composed in great part of ascetic books, to the Convent built by me near the Scala Santa. To all noted down here, if they outlive me, I leave in the following proportions:— To Monsignore Cenni, 8000f.; to the servants, 16,000f., to be divided in proportion to their service ; Francesco and Giuseppe Minoccari, Giuseppe Zangolini, to whom shall be given a double portion; Felippo Custellani, Federico Senepa, Antonio Farina, and Pietro Turgis. Some retribution to the coachman, Gaetano, and to Pietro. To Monsignore Samminiatelli, eleemosynary, a painting representing Maria Santissima, with the babe on her knee, and with a glass;- it is hung in the little upper chapel. To Monsignore Ricci, the statue of St. Pietro, on the Column, which is the model of that to be erected in St. Pietro, Montorio; to Monsignore Tacca, the model of the Column in the Piazza di Spagna; to the Cardinals Negrotti, Casalie Dibisogno, and De la Volpe some souvenir, at the discretion of the executors. To Commendatores Filippani and Spanga, a souvenir of some precious objects as above. The sacred relics to the two relic-keepers of the Vicariate and to the sacristan, save the following modifications : — The silver shrine which represents a little altar with the wood of the Holy Cross, with other relics, to the Vatican Basilica. To the Lateran, the large shrine from Hungary, which has a case of black leather. A shrine which represents a little temple, supported by three cherubs, and contains the precious relic of St. Spina, is destined to the collegiate churcn of St. Maria in Via Lata. A small temple, with little rock crystal columns, containing the relics of St. Peter and St. Paul, to the Cathedral of Sinigaglia. To the two Cathedrals of Spoleto and Imola two shrines; to the first the wood of the holy cross on a silver stem with silver base, all ornamented with diamonds; to the second a small urn containing the relics of St. Damaso. To the Cathedral of Gaeta, an ivory crucifix on a black cross and pediment, which stands on the floor of the little upper chapel. There stands also another large metal crucifix ; with marble pediment, which is destined for the Cathedral of San Giacomo in Chili. I dispose of 5000 francs for the foundation of a chaplain ship in the religious seminary, with the alms of one and a half franc. All my pictures, exclusive of those in the little upper chambers, and hung in different parts of the Vatican, will remain to the Apostolic Palace. The sums of some importance derived from St. Peter's Pence all belong to the Holy See; and should the Government or the governors ruling to-day, or calling themselves masters and sovereigns, wish to meddle with these rents and deprive the Holy See of them, I intend to name my nephews my heirs, although leaving intact to my testamentary executor all the faculty and right to guard in case of need the rights of the Holy See. All the rest that shall be found after my death, either in money, objects, or funds, will be divided into three parts—one in favour of Luigi Mastai; the second in favour of Ercole and for him to his sons; the third in favour of Anna Arsilli, daughter of Virginia Mastai. I beg Cardinal Antonelli, who has given me so many froofs of kindness, to assume the office of executor, giving him all the fa,* i necessary to effect my last will. Tj? also beg him to accept as a sign of J affection and gratitude a case of brifl .52 of an oval form and ornament enamel. (Place' of the seal.) **• Many codicils follow, of which tm m are of special interest. Rome, 22nd November 18?b To the two-Cardinals, substituted! the defunct Cardinal Antonelli, I L v case with brilliants to Cardinal M eiW and a crucifix to Cardinal Simeoni. TV crucifix is, on a cross of metal. Ti crucifix , and the two statuettes of Ife Santissima and San Giovanni are inivorr They are in the hall of the nrivl p vata| library. Pio, P. P. IX. To Cardinal Monaco a picture in L. little upper chamber, the Madonna delk I 1 Seggiolain enamel. To thp Queen Isabella of Lucca crucifix. Pics^ The paternal property of Pius IX. ^ I not amount to 50,000 francs, and this might be called the only sure part of the inheritance, two-thirds of which fell to 1 Girolamo, the eldest son of Ercole, and one- third to Christina, only daughter of I Luigi. 