THE TICHBORNE ESTATES. Trre following article was published in the Daily News on the occasion of the celebrations in connection with the com ing of age of Sir Henry Tichborne, Bart., the heir to the Tichborne Estates: There were brave doings at Alresford when the rightful heir to the Tichborne estates began to celebrate his recent coming of age. Gentle and simple will take part in the rejoicings, and there is to be a garden party on a colossal scale at Tichborne Park. If the late infant is of a reflective turn of mind, he must have had the wherewithal for meditation as he stood on his own lawn, the unquestioned master of a fair estate. In the earlier part of his infancy he had the narrowest escape in the world of missing his inheritance. The prospects of the man of to-day are brighter than those of the infant of May Is, 1871, when the first of the two great cases began. Years before that there had been some legal skirmishing as a prelimi nary to the great suit, and in 1867 the Wapping butcher was suing two news papers for publishing statements that might be prejudicial to his claims. In 1871 he closed with the trustees of the infant in fair legal struggle. The case came on in the Common Pleas before Lord Chief Justice Bovill, but no one dreamed that in one form or other it was to occupy the Courts at Westminster for the greater part of two years. - In this first action, the Wapping butcher, as claimant of the title and estate, sued Franklin Lushington, as tenant of the trustees of the infant Henry Alfred Joseph, to recover possession of that Tichborne House in which the rejoicings are now taking place. The plaintiff claimed to bc the eldest son of Sir James Doughty Tichborne, the youngest of three brothers. This third brother, to whom the title and estates had come, married a French lady, and his eldest son, the undoubted Roger Tichborne, was borne on the 5th January, 1829\. Roger Tichborne was brought up like a gentleman, and he had a gentle man's tastes and pursuits. He was light and slim in form, and extremely narrow in the chest. He had fallen in love with his cousin Kate Doughty, but when her father disapproved of the match he left Tichborne and resolved to go abroad, first making his will and depositing a sealed package with a gentleman named Gosford, an intimate and confidential friend. He arrived at Valparaisi on June, 1853\. In April, 1854, he embarked at Rio, in the Bella, and neither he, nor the ship, nor any man that sailed in her was ever heard of again. A bit of the wreck of the Bella was picked up, and the under writers paid insurance upon her as a total loss, The will of Roger Tichborne was proved by Mr. Gosford, his executor; the sealed packet was opened and destroyed; legal proof was given of his death; and the estates went to the infant son of his younger brother. The story of the Claimant, who turned up in I866, was that, though the Be!la went down, Roger Tichborne did not go down with her. He was picked up with eight of her crew about the 26th of-April, 1854, and carried to Melbourne. Instead of coming back to marry his cousin Kate, as the true Sir koger undoubtedly pro mised to do, he went into the interior, lived there for 13 years under the name..of Castro, and only returned to England when he saw an advertisement of the Dowager Lady Tichborne, who had all along persistently refused to believe in the death of her son. On Christmas Day, 1866, he reached this country, and with his arrival the public interest in the case may be said to have begun.. His first visit, singularly enough, was neither to Tichborne nor to Paris, where the dowa ger then lived. He made straight for Wapping to make inquiries regarding the family of Arthur Orton, a butcher, who had emigrated to Australia, and who, oddly enough, had lived in the same district of Wagga Wagga as the Claimant himself and under the same name of Castro. Then he visited Tichborne se cretly, and was taken over the house and grounds. In due time he went to see the dowager, and, in spite of his enormous bluk and the absolute difference in com plexion, manners, speech, and everything constituting human identity between him and her long-lost son, was recognised by her yearning heart rather than by her fading .faculties as the rightful heir. Shortly after this recognition the venerable lady died, and at her funeral, in March, s868, the Claimant tried to figure publicly as the heir, with the result that Lord Arundel of Wardour, the uncle of the infant, withdrew in disgust from the procession. The Claimant, meanwhile, got himself coached in the family history of the Tichbornes, using his eyes and his ears, and learning as he went on. At his first interview with Mr. Gosford, he seemed to have no knowledge whatever of the sealed packet; and he only alluded to it afterwards when he learned that it had once been in existence. The trial'began, as we have said, on ixth May, 1871. In July they were cross- examining the Claimant as to his education, and he showed so much caution in committing himself in regara to matters o0.common Knowledge that he declined to say whether John Bunyan was a. general, a bishop, or a master of foxhounds; or whether a misanthrope was. a.bird, beast, .or a fish. His knowledge was the knowledge of a Wapping butcher, and his ignorance was not the ignorance of an English gentle -man. On July 7 the trial was adjourned, when it was as yet but in the preliminary stage, though it had gone on for 40 days. On January 15, 1872, it was resumed, and" on March .4 it came to a sudden termination, to the relief of a weary world. The jury intimated to the Lord Chiet Justice that they did not require further evidence, and, after brief opposition on the part of Mr. Serjeant Ballantine, the Claimant's counsel, the plaintiff, on his advice, submitted to a non-suit. He was at the same time committed for trial at the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court on the charge of wilful and corrupt perjury. The Government undertook the prosecution. Mr. Inspector Denning was bound over as prosecutor, and the plaintiff was taken to Newgate, His case had been supported by the oaths of 85 witnesses, including Roger Tichborne's mother, the family solicitor, one baronet, six magistrates, and many others of the same standing. On the other side, the witnesses who denied his identity on oath numbered only 17. Yet the noes had it, as we have seen. He had an .enorsrus party outside the court, and public inter est in the case derived fresh vitality from the prospect of the trial at Bar. This trial began on the 23rd of April, 1873, and it was destined, both in length and in interest, to throw the first one quite into the shade. It was held in the Court of Queen's Bench, before Lord Chief Justice Cockburn and Justices Mellor and Lush. The late claimant was now charged with perjury in having sworn that he was Roger Tichborne; in having made a statement regarding Miss Kate Doughty which it is needless to specify ; and further in having sworn that he was not Arthur Orton, of Wapping, the butcher's son. Mr. Hawkins opened the case for the Crown, and the claimant was defended by the notorious Dr. Kenealy, who was destined both to make his reputation, such as it was, mnd to lose it, in connection with this case. In this trial we reach some of the grandest totals on record of wasted time. It began in April, but it was only on August 2s that Dr. Kenealy had concluded his opening speech for the defence, a speech which had lasted for one-and-twenty days. Summer was fading into autumn when, on October 14th of the same year, the " missing link," Jean Luie, came forward to testify on behalf of the claimant, now the prisoner at the bar. Jean Luie said that he was one of the crew of the Osprey, which had picked up the missing Sir Roger at sea soon after the loss of the Bella. He remembered the claimant perfectly as the man he picked up; heard from his own lips his story that he was Roger Tichborne; and, according to his own account, was at once identified in return by his old acquaintance when he presented himself in London. Jean Luie was in some respects a find of Mr. Whalley, the well-known member for Peterborough, who believed in the claimant no less firmly than he believed in the Protestant faith. For a full fortnight after the appearance of Luie, the evidence was still dribbling in. On December i8th the Court adjourned for the Christmas holidays, on the 145th day of the case. On January 14, 1874, Dr. Kenealy con cluded his second speech for the defence, which had lasted four- and-twenty days, On January 29th, the I69th day, the Lord Chief Justice began a summing up which was to continue till the 28th of February. On that auspicious" day the monstrous palaver came to an end. The pleadings had lasted 188 days; the jury, to their credit, made up their minds in less than half-an-hour. They found that the defendant had falsely sworn on.the three main issues, and: accordingly convicted him of perjury in regard to each one. The Lord Chief Justice sent him to penal servitude for 14 years ; and at the same' time authorised the removal of his coadjutor Luie to Newgate, pending a prosecution for perjury against him. The prosecution had cost the country over 66o,ooo, of which some £23,ooo went in counsel fees. The trial was over for the courts, but it was continued by the public. The claimant became a martyr, but chiefly among 'persons of the class to which he belonged, for his bearing throughout the two trials; especially when under cross examination, had gradually alienated from him all other support. He conducted himself in exemplary fashion at Dartmoor, and he must have looked forward with' a certain regret to his release, as it compelled him to take up his old imposture for a living. In the long period of his seclusion, a good deal had happened, even amongst the fanatics of his own order who had promised him their lifelong support. He came out of prison, to lecture to thin audiences, and he went to America on a starring tour with no very brilliant result. When last heard of he was in a van, though on insufficient knowledge it would he rash to say merely as one of the attractions of a variety show. Reputations were born of the case, and survived it for a time, but only to perish finally of the diseases of their origin. Amongst these the most remarkable was that of Dr. Kenealy, who, after an erratic career at the Bar and in literature, in which he made no great figure, and some service in the knight-errantry of grievance, which at one time led him to offer his services to Lady Lytton, seemed to see a prospect of undying fame in this process. The most charitable view of his failure in it is that his mir.d simply gave way under the strain of its unparalleled excitement. He abused the witnesses for the prosecu tion in'a way that called for the marked condemnation of the jury. He quarrelled with the Judges, and libelled them in the course of his quarrel. Finally, he under took to quarrel with well-nigh all mankind in a journal called the Englishman, which was the organ of the Magna Charta Asso ciation, founded, apparently, for the general purpose of righting every human wrong by first wronging nearly. every human right. He got into Parliament, and there he found the grave of such reputation as he possessed. He died in a few years, a half-ruined and, it is to be feared, a quite broken-hearted man. Sir John Coleridge and Mr. Hawkins, on the other hand, crowned already brilliant reputations by their conduct of one or both of the cases against the claimant. It was the ' longest story of imposture, perhaps, ever told, and, as the historian of our times has remarked, it opens up a far more curious study of human credulity than the stories of Joanna Southcote, of Mary Tofts, of Perkyn Warbeck, or the Cock-lane Ghost. 