VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB UEETIHa Saturday, August 20. StewardsJF-Mesera. A. R. Blackwood, J. Grice, M. O'Shanassy, C. J). O'Halloran, 1L Wraith. Handicapped—Mr. XL T. Barnard. Judge—Mr. & S. Wakley. Starter—Mr. <3. Wataon. Secretary—Mr. N. K. D. Bond. All doubts respecting the Attractiveness of the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase were set at rest long before the commence ment of active operations at Coalfield last Saturday. There bad been a shower or two duripg the early mc.rning, jUBt sufficient to lay the dust for the remainder pf the dqy» afineefter andaa there was every prospect ot a fine after noon,the crowd began to assemble pretty eafly. Rail and ro&dwere; both liberally patronised, and before the first race , took .place the at tendance was.far beyond that ofiaetyear, the grand stand • enclosure presenting a mo§t animated appearance. On the flat also there was a big crowd. The course proper was in' excellent condition, and though hypercritical people found fault with the heavy ground between the two new fences at the backof the course, the steeplechase going wss fat less holding than ptonghed clayey «>ll jft> often met with in die hnht Ing-field. His Excellency the Governor drove fata fonr-in band to the course, and was accompanied by Lord Shaftesbury and several members of his suite. ' " : The Sapling Stakes, which was the first item on the oard, gave the visitors art oppor tunity of inspecting a number ot two year olds that afo engaged in the Foal Stakes and Maribyrnong lTote. So far as appearances went, there were no better looking animals in thepaddockthan Lonsdale, Gladstone, and' .Lord ftoaebery, though not one of these eeemed to with, apything like strong support from the public, When the betting opened, the layera offered " 5 to 1 bar Libera trSss," bnt it soon oozedoutth&t; the .latter bad been defeated in a 'trial by lleglra, h brown apeody-Ioaldng daughter of Harriweii and Alftth&pnfl; so consistent upon her, tut efio quickly ton Irej^OTsti the foyoudtefoiai I^^M^Wii^of^idor oncei. etwee, fif itt.JSsglra drtwi ledidfoMr. ;fofiall «k*r«folttiise£ . „ . ItiWSfiM oaroed foe greea^etod sartah. in the ""MMesfcd Ballarat provided the' twtX Mpeclt%k« been backed ^ crack Jockeys, Corrigan and te of «w opposed to cack other.™ f coul and EliersUe attracted the laiw* ncel°t and the condition of each SeoLCrowd>. upon their respective traineta ^ 5red't standing that Corrigan had Seed horse pretty freely, the followS,h'gf0S« Launcelot were confident that ful- °[ Sit was (juite capable of defeatff him h5t8e bnction and The Yeoman r an^ w considered his most dangerois Sn Were were withdrawn, much to th«P j"enta. ot their deluded backers ill j ".Wtt the Scobie faction considered the **• thing for Sir Launcelot. Glenduar? a ^ the colours that Friction ought toT61* sported, but the grey was not in .. have the public, the outsider which recS' with attention,' perhaps, being 1W r?01' wood looked well, and should be¥n Vn« t0od" for the V.H.C. spring meeting, but was still light, and of the others tw^nf1^ most useful-looking were Eaglet ™?i n tlle well. The latter showed 5£ paXST race, and for some time made the runnin e a merry pace; but, though Trooper came front about five furlongs ftouihome ft became evident that only the two LL had the ghost of a chance, for the Sffifi were beaten half a mile from & and two or three others were »0®J up. At the tarn Scobie a?Kw5f£ be uneasy on Sir Launcelot, whiletwJ? was sitting quite still, and X^ sS pulled out his whip it was all over.foS® horse collapsed and nearly came down at tb lost hurdle. Corrigan, who has not been very fortunate of late, met with a very hearth reception on returning to scale. The Selling Race created some excitement in consequent* of the manner in which Stonnell rode Anarchy. Faugh-a-Ballagh waB installed1 very warm favourite, oddB of 5 to 2 beinir laid on him, but to the dismay of his backers Anarchy seemed to have all the beat of him when he joined her, though he gradually forged ahead and won by half a length The general opinion seemed to be that the brake had been applied, though it was not nearly so suspicious a cose as that of LO.U. upon a former occasion upon the same course. After the winner had been bought in at £140 and Anarchy had been claimed and knocked down to Mr. Milne at £120, the stewards called upon Stonnell and Kelly for an explanation and while there was no evidence to inculpate the latter, the stewards considered it only in the interests of the turf that Stonnell should be taught a lesson, and disqualified biiu for Bix months. The event which everybody had' come to see now came on for decision, and we can safely say that no steeplechase that has taken place at Caulfield—and we might in clude Flemington-fiias created anything like the same public interest, and it was an in terest without the gambling spirit. The pub lic did not come out to bet, but to eee a steeplechase over four miles. It was a novelty which would test the stamina of the competitors, and it bpd touched public cariosity. Corrigan'e success on EUerslie had strengthened the confidence of the numerous body of followers he has, and as his mount, Ivitdare, apparently was fitter than when he figured in the V. R.C. Grand National, there was plenty of money behind him. Blue Mountain, on the contrary, wentweakerinthemarket, for though he had a night or two previous been a firm favourite for the Steeplechase, the over throw.of Sir Launcelot in the Hurdle Eace. bad disheartened Jiis backers, and llaby wsb quite as good a favourite as he: - When stripped to public gaze Blue Mountain looked every inch a racehorse, and his epleudid muscular development and healthy appear ance deuoted that Scobie had spared no pains1 with him. He had been treated to plenty of schooling, an enlargement on his off hind leg bearing evidence that he had recently been jumping fences. Ruby, who had a strong following, was in capital form, and so was The Irishman, whose stable companion, Stodley, had unfortunately gone wrong. We thought the Tasmanian Kangaroo looked aa well aa anything in the paddock, Kearney evidently having spared no pains to improve him. End bis countryman, Flashlight, also stripped well, but he had been eased a bit since he ran at Mfconee Valley, owing to having run a stake into one of his teet. The roughest specimen of a steep echaser was old Sir Kwsn, who looked a r«*ular com moner alongside some of the others lne Gippslanders imagined they had an outside ehowwith Moonlight, and there were men from the Western district who fancied Spangle, though nearly all pod jadgca ot horseflesh wereuuanimoua that it was^ony a matter of stondihg up for one of the tbrw favourites to win. In order to accompUeb the distance it was necessary that the start should take place obout a quarter ol ft m«e journey. Ruby, upon wboin so many naa pinned their faith, was tbejrst to p« her £Kn™of oburt, for taking off tehmj Kildare, she hit the fence i heaviiv. It was at once seen that her «ae, J Williams, had been seriously injured, an fcTrSff.Sr -a •««■»* Aft Casualty-room, where be wm °^a^^nJL|eSa Fitzgerald, who declared the case a hPf. OnSastbelad wjM Suffering from la«ntion of ihe brain. £nlS end front of the stand Simpleton bsulwd, capsqdvBIue Mpuntftin to ins SaB^e,butboth horsesn^otiatedtUeoo pow asaijmed command, and he baai ^ for bis nearest coBjgS&h;? he I? Wfd pql!^s?^jWp.Ow Irish *£sSt *o fore® jx"h both. 'J1119 . nff day'a Bport ever witnessed most We'e.® u only accident to mar the Cau,,iel^Ul e Sion being the catos. harmony p00r Williams, who rode trophe w;.Vi ® :,,jured jockey was conveyed to Iluby. „ilic„ "uosDital, bnt never recovered the M.elb0"r"e and died on Sunday night, Ciollo^Sare the details TFM8twoyearoldt*Three furlongs. °' lCO,*,Vsmittrt "r f Begin, by Darriwell- ^ UjLlett.o.Vst pMKo^f°^itcU of Eador. by vt^^ss^s^ssssd. Mr. T. 121b (Qutdicns) .. ■ » . •• « 12lb. (^^""Ihiun's' br c Propounder, lly Mr. J. Wl'ttoHBbM" ^ul. 7st, 121b. (Kamqge} C ,fhTk?^U^o 01a<l«to»e. by Gang Forward Mr. J. U itEOu Jun a-. h^r ^ (Mooma .. I M^iSo jitfe. by Scgcuhoe—Virgo, ,it. ( ,. br or bl c The lioman! by Cl'iiton MiU0SVftMUlcr'e ch t F<We, by'tfeckeregat ' MrC1l]"»f"9 lb '. Aliu.rbv lJantc— ^ Udicuie^ by ChcsierBeld-Twnbourino, ?et.,lb„ carried ,st» . Mr8lR(S«Vt NaiaUe, by IJoswortb—slBter "t L^K^Uver by King »;'ruSW13i^A.lMSlL,r dster to btookroee, 7st 71b. (Iknce) . .. ... Mr W.a btod's I* « » « Ucrrgobah. by ^ llullvan—Cambric, jst. rib. (data) • • J• _ r!„J,; a _2 to 1 (atfirst6 to 1)agst Hegira, 8tol ajkG&shne; "d Wit3b»' Eodw. 10 to 1 oscst tibtratrcse. ensued ere Mr. Watson pot the lot off on pretty even temi8,Wyvi» disidayiiig the second eoloumof Mr. Mi|ler bajngthefnetonto bis i,ft. with La Favourite next. toen Mwty Mwd and furlongs. Mr. II. <" • * - valor Mr. p. Kelly's (Swa^tlt) .. .. . j°D-» n* b jt Otrulvul inif). ?t» wWU lilb(Ber.re) .. -... br pMertooa (<t?55,#jtd, hi, b ^carried Set. 1Mb. (Kerr) .. „ .. «1 lady's Mild {nil), 8 yns Cst. is.b yre, fet. i£ib fj*. ^M|b4 *b»Wrt, then bfbetaJotrti v®$S $f®SP "Wr.f rchy.TMjwg^ed |« Mr. J. M'Grade's br g Moonlight, aged,- fist. 101b. (Cupitt) Mr. A, Hymen's g g Marquis of Waterford, aged, 9ot 71b. (Malone) .. . ..0 Mr. G. Goodie's oh g Simpleton, aged, list. 71b. (owner) Betting.—5 to 2 agst Kildare, 6 to 1 each ogst Blue Mountain and ltuby, 8 to 1 agst Kangaroo. Spangle and Sir Kwan were first to anticipate the tall of the flag, Marquis of Waterford lying last as they got on Uie move. Klldare led up to the first lump In the straight, followed by Spangle, Flash* light. Kangaroo, And Buby, the latter of whom hit the fence and fell, her jockey being fatally injured. Blue Mountain aud Simpleton also baulked hero, but were got over with little, delay. Klldare piloted his horses ovor the second and third of the treble, and rounded the turn out of the straight, when Flashlight assumed oominand, the favourite lying next as tncy ascended the hill. Then Spangle, Kangaroo, The Irishman, Moonlight Blue Mountain, Marquis of Waterford, With Sir Ewan and Sweetmeat last Down the hill, and along the back stretch, Flashlight had assumed a six lengths lend of Kildare, who was tliree times that distance in front of Spangle, the latter at the head of Simplctoo, Blue Mountain, and Kangaroo, in a line, whilst Sir Kwan and Sweetmeat were joint •ternchasers. Flashlight negotiated the mud wail well in front of Kildare, between the latter of whom and ciinpleton, Blue Mountain, Kangaroo, and Spangle there was still a wide gap. The leader came down to the turn into the straight, and took the first of the treble, In front of the favourite and Simpleton, Blue Mountain, Marquis of Waterford, Kangaroo, and Spangle being next in order. The railings and logs were successively token with no noticeable change in the order of off Airs, the lot streaming over the latter jump beautifully. At the hill fence there was no •iteration in the positions, except that Moonlight had now dropped back alongside Sir Ewan. Tho Irishman nearly oome down at the next fenee. Meanwhile Flashlight and the favourito still held the leading positions; whilst clearing the mud wall for the second time they were quite 80 lengths in advance of Simpleton mid Blue Mountain, the latter going well within himself, followed at long Intervals by Kangaroo and Marquis of Waterford. Kildare and Flashlight led down to the turn iuto the straight -On pretty even terms, Blue Mountain and Marquis of Waterford next, and they took the first of the treble in that order, Simpleton, Kangaroo, Sweet meat, and Spangle succeeding. This was the order over the palings and logs, The Irishman blundering -badly at the eeoond obstacle, whilst Sir Kwan was last of all a long way from Ills field. Breasting the hill for the third time. Flashlight and the favourite were still in command, Blue Mountain and Kangaroo lying next, then Marquis of Waterford and Sweet meat, the latter of whom made n run up to his horses. Along the far side of the course Kildare and Flashlight -were side by side, 10 lengths away from Blue Mountain and Kangaroo, and-they raced to the mud wall/which all but stopped The Irishman. At this point Kildare took the lead from Flashlight, who, hanging oat signals of distress, soon retired, and his place was taken by Blue Mountain, Kangaroo likewise making a • i-ard deniiH-.-uvion. Blue Mountain noon got onto \- rx.M with hiltiaie and headed him (or the lost jump : >f e i, Kangaroo bring dose on to them, and following bie's roeurt for the final run. To wind up with, B iic.ut.tni:! cane Into the straight well clear of Kaiigrr-.--o, Kildare following at a hopeless interval. K--.C i r.t the distanoe was winning in a canter, » : f-'.ty yards from the post was eased, when n'sr.jra' > u.-ider punishment, drew on to him. but '-be IHtlarri. hew passed the post a hollow winner by three parts cf a kr-gtb, Kildare finishing a bad third. Mf rqui.- of Waterford, Flashlight, nud The Irishman *<ve respectively fourth, fifth, and sixth, all pulling up, and then came Sweetmeat and Spangle, followed >y Moonlight, very lame, and next Simpleton, with | iir Kwais »- * t -if all. Time, fimlu. Ijsec. , '. BALACLAVA STAKES. ! ' >- Second 10 eova. One mile. \- - o i: Stafford, by Lord Lytton—Perl, diebmoiul) ■>•-.. 1 \- br o Dividend, t yre, 7st 71b. 2 tt'sbrgl.O.U., 6 yre, Set (Moore) 8 l <. - n's oh g Stanley, 6 yrs, 8st. 181 b. 0 • n. i-i,:: b g Hogmanay, aged, 8st. 1Mb. v-.r) ■■ i 0 C iViiao»: bm Gardenia, aged, Sst. Sib. 'Irier,).. 0 A. 0. : nsbr h St John, aged, 8st 21b. ilPineenr 0 ,m J. Halmusfebo Dufferin, 4 yrs, 7st lllb. 'Jotiior) .. .. 0 \\. U. Webb's dig Surprise, aged, 7st. lllb. ntodi) 0 Murray's br h King ol the West, 6 yrs, 7st . (Trahoc) .. .. .. .. .. 0 ; Crlppt's bh Harvester, 6 yrs, 7st 71b. »-<•) .. 0 i . 'a io-rrisbh Ghockstcr, aged, 7et Mb., w : :b.(Homage)' 0 ■ -1 ibe Kooul, 4 tw, 7st Sib.(Lo.i y> .. o h t lV ch m Bonnio Dooo, 6 yrs, 7st I ' 0| \- nsbr a Success, 4 yrs, Ost 181b. -'' .. ■ ..0| s. v iimefa br g Master Jack, 4 yre, '.lb f 1s).. .. - .. 0 -ailt -.i n bo St Foal,4yre,fist 1Mb,(Ocsd) © iobir-»o:(>bror hi b Crown Brand, 0 yre, iiu. (V-':';mis) .. .. .. .. .. -4> lioui;* a1* be Master John,'4 yre, (A lllb. tth) J. 0 '.enniaot s b g tiaroney, aged, (let. lllb., -i TA (^ntfen) .. ■ .. O . Keld's bbr br ( Gadfly, 4 yrs, fid. lllb. i*.- .. .. ... .. .. .. 0 ✓ougo.in's bh Oaklelgh, 6 yn,fid. lllb., 1 ikt. ITib. (Anwln) .. .. 0 Lrpcris to (the Foreaken, 4 yre, SA Bib., •y t'«t b!h.(>-ndl) ■ .. .. .. ..0 ones* ii m Violet, 5 yrs, fist 81b. (Blair) .. 0 C. p:: br o Korman, 4 yre, fist (Sib. A .. .. .. .. fi Paris'* o Dexter, 4 yrs, fist Mb., carried jb. (HHlcd.. ' '.. . .. .-. o Harvey's b c Ktora, 4 yrs, fist ab.XCJeasby) 0 1- utarkeVcho Bupertewood, 8 yrs, fist, pd 6et Eih. (Benoe) .. .. .. .. fi Tooiian'sdijrBonnie Gbester. fi yrs, fist, pd at, SlMMkybhl) .. .. jng.—8 to 1 agst I.O.U., 4 to 1 agst pividend, agst Stafford, lfi to 1 each Hogmanay, King Wed, £t.?*uI,iod Vielet, i2tolBgd Chwok /rat nay nad Chuckster mm find sway, followed o.V. and John, SucOess tnovittoofi tloaqy. g theba^a theooHrseThe Forsoken ms we trto fronjt« Chuokster. I.O.U,.andHiwwBtor. «p, i;P,U, leafier, attendedi^ and Hogmanay.' X.O.U* led into tbostnlrht, >tptotne distance post Where Stafford rat thfonsh toowd of hones, and sptfi headlng the iewior, v«t» easily from Dividend by »poapte ol JecgtH LO.D.VhaifakSithfpr seochd uhr, Otucketor was fourth, gt f»xa fifth, Uogmriioy ri-.tii, Vicjd^eventh, Dufforin dghth; and Oardnji»nl ri\ Master John aud Success being lai&I; Tfane, loiio. j^sw; , ; The fdlotingwie the amounts of the states j wouni the darting:—r Mr. J. ^QnndNfitit^fitoepleriUto CMS 0 i. « » 100 « «;*Mn 9M 