MINING IN VICTORIA. | causes contributing to the existing depression. No. VI. THE MANAGEMENT OF MINES. Horatio snid it needed no ghost to re turn from tho grave to dcclaro tho rottea state of Denmark, neither needs it any super natural or oracular personage to discover a corresponding unhcoltliincss in all branches of mining in Victoria. Only a ramp and stump change can suvo mining from decay. The incompetency, wastefulness and old fogcyism of the Mining department has been sufficiently enlarged upon. Now a word about the manage ment of our mines, and a few other questions intimately rolated therewith. Fault finding is not a pleasant task. Truth is sometimes unpalatable, yet it should at all times be frankly spoken. The truth about the management of our mines is that, in general, the most satisfactory results are not obtained. What is the canse ? In brief, the want of proper training of tho majority of miners placed in charge of mines. Tho absence of scientific knowledge from nmongst thoso who havo tho conduct of -miucs is remarkable. Many men "belonging to this body possess splendid practi cal ideas, but only a few have any knowledge of first principles. Mining is not altogether tlio simple thing some ignoraut people believo it to be. Tho things it is essential a really first class mining manager should know would surprise soma of those poor crea tures who, having by a slice of good luck mado a fortune out of a mine, aro now convinced that everything connected with the pursuit of gold finding is luck, and that the best man for tho game is ho who " can neither read nor write," to quote tho dictum of a leading goldficids speculator. But would tbeso believers in ignorance cntrnst either their carcases or their capital on board a vessel com manded merely by an able seaman ? Fortunately only a few pcoplo uphold tiio benefits of ignorance. But that even a fow persons think that way shows the difficulties to be encountered in endeavoring to introduco system, order and intelligence into the art of mining. If the management of miue3 is once allowed to fall whollyinto tho hands of tho class who bcliavo in tlio rule of thumb, then it will bo time to " put up tbo shutters " and wind up tho business, because it will no longer bo romnnerativc. But, on tho other hand, if light from abovo is permitted to penetrate, and improvements are introduced in tho methods of working mines, in tlio treatment of quartz and pyrites, then tho mining industry will continue to be what it bus hitherto been, tho backbono of Victoria's prosperity. It is tho misfortiiiio of mining that thoso who hold scrip and traffic in the share markot arc not necessarily interested in tho progress and permanency of mining. Their chief aim is to tear tlio gold out of tho earth as rapidly as possible, aud in such a mannor as will euaolo them to manipulate tho market to their own advantage. For tho most part mining niaungers havo to work tlio miuo to satisfy the directors or tho clique controlling the miuo. When tjio profits of a block of stone aro divided, then, and then only, is prospecting thought of. Calls havo to ho made, and, unluckily, as a rule, aro paid bv the foolish speculator who honght in when tlio yields wcro largest, which is always a certain sign to any ouo experienced in tho tricks of tho professional mining director that the end of tho gold is nt baud. In all honestly managed miucs, cither a percentage out of each dividend should bo set aside as a reserve fund, or, bettor still, tlio progressive aud prospecting work should always bo kopt well ahead. It is imperative that tho status of mining managers as a body should bo raised. This ought to havo.been iusisted on by tho Mining department years ago. Imngino a state of affairs lilco this in tho navy— namely, allowing Tom, Dick or William to tako command of a ship without holding a master's certificate, or without Having first submitted himself to any examination, and without having boon apprenticed to learn navigation and how to handle a ship. Tho idea, of course, would bo declared preposterous by every ouo. No one would ship with such n "captain," and no capitalist would entrust his moucy to a com pany employing such a class of men. Yet it is not insisted that a mining manager must go through a special training before bo is placed in chargo of perhaps £20,000 worth of machi nery, a valuable mine, and has tho lives and well being of perhaps 200 miners in his hands. Wherein lies 1 ho difference? If any tiling, the art of mining is tlio mora difficult than tho art of URvigatiou, and greater brain power aud training is nocdcd hy tho mining manager to find a reef hidden out of sight in the earth than by tho captain of a ship, whoso reefs are all marked ou charts, aud whose ports ' aro well known. Tlio inleliigout and well informed miuo managers on tlio goldficids aro strongly in favor of a law rendering it compul sory tlmt every mining mauager shall hold a certificate of competency. No one with an. ounce of brains will fur a moment questiou tho desirability of enacting such a law, which will honofit alike the'miuer and tho mluing investor. A properly trained manager will work a mine moro economically, with greater safety to tho men, and will havo ovorything in his favor to deserve surccss. The difficulty lies in tho questiou, Whore are tho future mining mana gers to bo trained? Ucrtaiuly not in tho School of Mines, nor is ho likely to gat the smallest assistance from tho Mining depart ment, unless both these ejj'elc institutions are remodelled. Each district possesses qnartz roef9 with peculiar local characteristics. Thoso reefs should bo oxuminod hy competent inspectors, nnd tho differences of formation pointed out, how tlio gold is carried, what other minerals the quartz contains, and the best method of working tlio reefs. This information should bo made tho A.B.C. of mining by tho depart ment, and every manager ought to bo examined in tho local characteristics of a roef before ha is permitted to take chargo of a miue. Be cause it is well kuown that a miner who has won his oxpcriouce of quartz from saddle roofs on Sandhurst would bo quite at sea for a tiino in tlio reefs of Clunes, Ballarat, or some other reefing locality. Why follow tho old fashioned aud costly method in vogua of allowing tlio manager to pick up his experience of a reef after bo has been placed in chargo of tho miao ? It ho bo a dull man, ha might in fivo years learn what thoro is to be learnt; but perhaps his education costs the com pany £20,000. Geology is generally dospised by the miner, priding himself on being practical. But the assertively "practical miner" is as- much of a humbug as the pre eminently scientific manager. A blending of tho two is tho correct article — scienco applied to practical mining. An acquaintance witli tho outlines of geology is indis- peusablo to every minor who seeks to work in an intelligent manner. Tlio scattered material of which tho earth is composed can ouly be read aright if tho reader knows how to pnt it togolher. Gcologyis essentially a science of observation, remarks Professor Guiko, and without closo and exact observation we cannot trace the architecture of the globe, noting how cacli variety of rock occupies its own character istic place. Tho mining manager who has lcarat what to look for and how to interpret it when Seen is gifted with a new sense. Vastly different is tho value of tho work of an imper fectly trained manager, who follows a quartz vein by a kind of instinct or cunning, instead of by reading the rocks. Looking after machinery and comparing it with the appliancos in uso in other parts of the world is one of tho most important duties of mauagers, and in this tho resources of tb« Mining department and Schools ' of Mini should ho at their disposal ; bnt also, as now constituted, tho "latest information " in pos session of either is confined to old newspaper cuttings, which soma kindly disposed wad sympathetic outsider places at tho disposal of the departmental staff, which cannot leave ita clerical work or its simpla daily ronud and' common task. There is a mischievous notion abroad on tho gold fields that we have nothing to I earn from older countries -in tho matter of crashing qnartz and paddling wash. Bat peoplo who talk like that do so in ignorance of tho true facts. Even in the matter of the diamond drill now in nse here for near ten years it is remarkable to find how imperfectly the machine is understood ; nnd, least of all, understood by thoso making tho greatest noiso about it. Ono instance will suffice. The drill is said to be of great value for prospecting qnartz reefs. Hero is one caso worth cart loads of mero assertions about the value of the bores. The G.G. Consolidated, Sandhurst,' was induced on tho faith' of a bore which- showed qnartz to sink a new slinft, and altogether spent about £13,000 in getting to tbo prospect, which turned out a duffer ; no reef was fonnd, only a spur. What did the drill prove in this cose, and in what way was the company a gainor by. tho knowledge revealed by the core ? Perhaps tho advocates for using the drill in prospecting quartz will oxplain. 'l'ho general impression also still remains in one locality at all events that the drill bores cannot ha relied on because of their deflcotion, Tho improvements actually intro duced in this respect nndcr the very nose of the miner havo escaped attention t The timbering of mines is a class of work on which thousands of ponnds have been squandered by incompetent managers, who either use too ranch timber or too little, not haviug the skill to strike the happy mean In. tho style of working and opening up mines there is also much variety, and. consequent waste, which would be avoided if the manager was competent and understood his work. Again, tho technically trained manager has an eye to uniformity in working a mine, aud does not spend 15s. a ton in breaking quartz when the work can bo done at 10s. Ventilation is ono of tho questions most neglected aliko by mina owners and the Go vernment, and yet how deeply the welfare of both the miner and mining is involved. Some of the deep mines have became so hot by defec tive ventilation tbat tho miner finds it impos sible to do a fair day's work. In other words, he is only ablo to do 5s. worth of work a day, but for which ho is paid 7s. 6d. Mine owners neglect ventilation because they do not like to face tlio expenso of a long lovel and winzes. But as a mero matter of ac counts it could bo shown to bo had economy to employ say, 50 men, aud only bo able to got 75 per cent, of work out of them, 25 per cent, being lost on account of had ventilation, which knocks up tho miner, unnerves tho band that holds tlio pick, and makes the strong man's blow like that of a boy. In Sandhurst tho inine3 uro deplorably hot, which means increasing tho cost per foot for sinking and driving. If unchecked tbo evil will choko tho industry. It iB hardly conceivubio that the Mining department has not taken tiii3 matter up, at all events in the interest of tho miners' health. Though many mines aro now 170G nnd 1800 feet deep not more than two of them havo con ncctcd levels below 800 feet. It should be insisted that lorcls are driven from one shaft to another every 300 feot. These levels wonld also prospect tho channol of reofing country. If tho department had not been asleep it wonld era now havo insisted upon legislation on this point. In whatever direction tho inquiry is extended it will bo fonnd that there is nbuudanco of room for improvement in tho management of mines. The cost of mining is daily increasing, and the mauagers aro uot keeping pace with the times. There arc, as already stated, some first class men in tho body, but also a gTeat many muffs, 'l'ho only way to rnako an im provement all round is to insist that every miuo manager must hold a certificate of a cer tain degree. Trained and superior men will he less at the beck and call of tho directors, as at present. Good men are always, scarce. But the good men aro at a discount if a premium is offered to incompetency, to an inferior stamp of men, with no law but tho wishes of a lot of < ' sharks " who chaneo to obtain tho upper hand in the conduct of the mine. THE SHABKS IN MINING. One of tho cursos, for no milder term will do, of mining is the facility it - presents foi swindling and robbory. Tho rogues who have fastened themselves on tho industry have well nigh killod it. Thoy have a merry time of it, as tho laws aro inoperative, and permit as much villainy being perpetrated as would delight the heart of a bookmaker. Tho evils have beeu loug standing, nnd the cry for help has novor ceased, hut our legislators have heard it not. Whnt is tlio secret of snceess in mining ? Early and good iuformntion. Tho man who first learns cither that a 4 oz. reef has been struck, or that a slid'a has cut it off, has an enormous handicap. lie innnipnlatcs the market coolly, and bags bis thousands, while tho uninformed plunge deeper and wilder about in tho sludge of ignorance. This was dono daily when tlio mines wcro in full swing. How is it possible ? Simple enough, to an unscrupu lous person or a cliqnc. Tho firstthingto do is to secure tho mining mnnager. If he'is not to bo bought, innko him a partner in the syndicate. If tho manager, as managers often do, holds out, and is a strong man, who rofuses to work the mine except in tho interests of tho goneral body of shareholders, then somo of tho subordinates have to bo taken into pay to supply tho best and earliesti nformation of now develop ments. But directors now a days havo worked tho gamo pretty much into their own hands. They command all tho channels of informa tion, and the averago manager has to work tho mino as it suits his directors. If a pocr devil of a call paying shareholder seeks information abont his supposod Eldorado ho is fortunate if not deceived hy tho directors into buying or selling, or doing tlio vory opposite to what ho shonld do. On all sides is tho outside speculator besot with pit falls. If lie sells ho does wrong, beeauso tho mine turns out well ; if ho holds ho also doc3 wrong, beeauso tho " tnlout " or sharks of tlio market have set their wits to work to croato a funk in tho stock, in order perhaps to bny in advantageously ; aud if ho buys ho likewise is wrong, because in all probability he is acting on wrong information, and is buying the shares of tho directory. Why should unprincipled men bo al lowed to conspiro to rob tho unsuspecting mining investor, and oscapo imprisonment? Tho poor starring wroteh whom hnngor forces to steal a loaf of broad is imprisoned for throe months; hut' tho well dressed scoundrel who robs yon by whispering behind his hand that he has jnst seen the manager of the Golden Gate, who tails him that the reef is cut out (whioh it is not), is made mnch of, perhaps elected a church warden, and appointed a justice of tho peace. Why, iu the name of all that is fair, shonld fivo directors and their friends command exclusivo information abont tho prospects of a mine, and know a week or a day before tho common shareholder when a reef is struck or pinched out ? A mino is the common property of tho share holders, and all should be able to secure tho same information, and at the somo time. But tbey don't. If a man thinks he can nowaday make money in mining withont either being on the directory, and behind the scenes, so to speak, .or the friend of tho directory, he might try and give tho public the benefit of a twelve months' experience. It will be the old, old story — that the other fellows have secured his capital, and he has possession of tho experience. A simple and effective remedy must be | applied to this evil, which, is sapping the fouu-. dation of mining, destroying' public confidence, driving capital to seek an outlet in other channels, impoverishing the goldfields, throwing hundreds of miners ont of work, and nadermining the morality of ill connected with mining. Tho remedy is tbat the miuing manager, and he alone, shall bo compelled to report to the company's office nil new develop ments and important changes in a mine immediately after their- occurrence, non compliance to bo pnnishod by imprisonment for a term not less than 3 months. The risk of the felon's dock keeps the forger, the bank robber and tho burglar in check. It will also check the rogne who trades in mining, and who is endeavoring to make robbery a legitimate and recognised ealliug. The next step to ho taken is to licence stock and share brokers. At present there arc no brokers pure and simple. Every man is a jobber. That is to say, ho buys shares on his own acconnt when it suits him to do so. It is only human nature to snpposo that the jobber looks after his own interest before that of his client. If yon place 1000 shares iu a jobber's hands to sell in a rising market, tho invariable experience is that you obtain tho lowest quotation for at least part of your shares, and never, by any chance, get the best market price. What is to prevent a jobber buying the first 500 for himself at the low price raiing? Haw many conld resist the temptation ? Supposing you placed 1000 shares with a jobber in the morning to sell, and don't see hira until noxt morning. In tho interval tho shares have risen 5s. You may think yourself lucky if tho whole of tho 5s. rise is not lost to you. Of course the buyer may, and in some casos docs, gut the benefit ; bat there is no check on tho jobber saving his own honest nature (this is not ironically intended), and his reputation as a reliablo man ; and, if be pleases, he can bag the whole of the 5s., and the seller be nono tho wiser, or havo the smallest chancoof detectingthe fraud. But it is nutcalled such an ugly name by the jobber, who argues in this fashion ; "Jones wanted to sell at acer- tain price. I bought his shares, but I bought them becanse I thought the market wonld riso, but why should I not make the profit as well as Bobinson ? The transaction is quitelegitimate;" ut least he thinks so, and no law or code of honor on Change says anything to the contrary. It is not to bo supposed that the jobber who does a "lino" of this sort stands on the house top and proclaims tho fact. He is not quito such a donkey. On the contrary, when his "client" comes to him with a sonr faco, ho smiles blandly, and airily says, " Those things went up a little yester day, but ODly 100 sold at-top figures. Thoy aro very sick again now." When you want to soli it is just tho sauo story. Perhaps the jobber holds tho samo stock. If there is a panic, of courso his own go out first and the " client " must cut in afterwards. Another grieranco is tho brokerage fees, which aro oxccssivo. There is only ono remedy for this rotten stato of affairs, and that is to have licensed brokers, whose books will bo open to inspec tion ; and clients can then learn to whom their stock has been sold, and what prico it really did tutuli. The distrust created in tho sharo mar ket has contributed largely to tho depression now existing in mining, aud has caused specu lators and investors to withdraw their money from mining in disgust. When the jobber, the director and perhaps tho miuing manager combino to " slate" tho novico at mining speculation, what chance has tho latter ? Howover, lest' nndis- crimlnating pcoplo shonld run away with the impression that a charge of dishonesty is hero bronght against all who congrogato at tho Stock Exchanges in the character of brokers, it wiU,bo as well to make this farther confes sion, that there are good aud bad men found cvorywhero. Some mining managers are above suspicion, and some brokers no doubt don't dabblo iu scrip. But the common experi ence is tbat the majority of so-called brokers live on velvet, and that soma mining managers might he better placed to ail concerned than in managing a mino. Tho best of managers will tell you that thoro is urgent need for reforms in their own ranks ; and the honest brokor has nothing to lose if he is fraud from tho un pleasantness of having to associate with tbo "sharks" in mining, who gobblo np all tho profits, and are no better than common rogues. 