' T O MISER S LEG ICY. "He's conic, J^.TIcntfan.'" <' Come Conic at List ? Arc you sure o it, Jog ?" "Sureas taxes." said Joe Poppinger. • a contiJcni nod o£ his head. li lie's taken tbat old house—tbe Himntetl House, tbe neighbors call it—aud he's mored iclo it. bag and bagpipe, which ain't much, by tbc way." '•.Any sor-rauts with bim. Joe?" 1 1 Only one—a crookcd old woman—as threw a porringer of hot wafer over ine when. 1 came round to as i£ 1 could be of any use. If tbey only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and hoodie of 'em up for witchcraft.' I ncrer did come across such a rum lot in all my life. 1 ' " Did yon see the old man yourself, Joe ?" " See him. Mr. Herman? 1 see a bundle of old bone$, tied round the middle, with a palm*leaf patterned dressing-gown and a Uanuel uight-c&p; on bis head, and IS'pose likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. He was a runnin' in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider;" "That will do Joe, Here is a hal f-a-cro wn for you." " Tbank'ec, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to tbc inn,shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of bis cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, wliist)itig, against the pillar of tbe front verandah. •Oo -oia.ar.inp.rJIolineaux bad arrived at last —the rich and cccu-ulu^»u—>futi.«Mversion of whose fortune,real orsupposedrbe had ail his life been building aorial castles. At last—and Herman resolved the very nest day io call and pay his respects, although the •old womau with tbc hot water did not add to the delights ot contemplating this visit. . • "If I.baan't heard from his lawyer that he had taken a lease of the Stone House," mused Sir. FraukJyn, "I certainly never sbould have buried myself in this out-o£»way place awaiting his advent; and if.I hadn't thought 1 could work into his good graces 1 never should'have taken the trouble to -hunt him up. . Kt'iglio I Sometimes 1' think it would be easier to work ior money than to inherit At" And-so tbc next day Mr. Franklyn.'called- , Miner Molineaux received him very coolly,, sitting among his treasures, lite Harms amid the- ruins of Carthage. But Fnvnklyh noticed that he kept one baud on tbe ringof a padlocked, iron bos beside tiim as he talked. . " Well, young mau, and what do. you want?! 1 he asked .impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr.. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water : treatment, showed,hiin.in. So inquire after your, health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. , " Humph J My health is well enough? Better'than you wish it. I dare say.V : . " My dear sir " "But it will make no difference-to you/' aoidly went on the old man, still nervously < fingering-the rings of the iron box. " I'do that 1 have a treasure to leave behind. mc " Herman Franklyn'fi^yea glistened. will .be-to thosc who consult my more than yon.have done; 11 " Hut, my.dearcousinr " "Words arc all very well;" said the old: shrugging Lis shouJders," but deeds apeak,tbe loudest,' Xou knew - very.-well:my to-matrimony—and yet you go and yourself $o.g&tjnarried; to a girl'who a penny.- Eh3. Don't you??* in-a rjsiog inflection like-'.a hark. . "And then, after.coolly disregarding iall my wishes, you (jKnect ma to. leave:.yon this—this" tapping, ashe- spoke,^pEtbelidofthe box.. : $ \But, Cousin iliner, if yon wish ae, I TOU certainlyadapt rayselfto. your! opinions, ic did : 2ot.knowthat——" \- " Stuff ind .iionsense iV yelled the old man "ANliatyon^new/or.didn'tJaiow.is.perfectiy immatcriaV to inc., X^ehve me to:Diy books hndt iny lvritiiig. That's.all I:ask xtf: any man living." oi -liniM break iny ci^Kgenii-'nt.' 1 sairl lie lo himself. Thai's the first tliiny. What the second will be depeuda cniirely on'fate and fortune." . Josie Hall was sitting in the faim-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a blackeyed, dauiask-cbceked girl, with velvety eyebrows, and a round, red dot of a mouth ; and in those dark eyes glistened a light half resentful, half anguish, as she looked straight at Herman Franklyn, "I understand," said she, you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. "It isn't that, Josie, believe me," 6aid : Franklyn, twisting himself about, with tbc | signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek. " But 1 think peifaaps it would be better for both of us " "And I haven't the least doubt of it,"passionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thousand times better; for I value the love of no man who can leave mc thus. Fray don't waste your time in conjuring tip any farther cxcuscs. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but tbc reward—as at least he esteemed it—came at last. Mr. Miner Molineaux fell ill. Being ill. lie was frightened. Being frightened he was solitary. And consequently he sent for his cousin Franklyn, aching he never would have done in health. " l'ou don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman ?" he asked, tremulously. " Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured tbc young man, as the doctor had that mornsaid that the patient's splits must be kept up at all hazards. " And you won't leave me ? " " Certainly not, if tor presence can be of any'satisfaction to yon," responded the de- Hgotcd forl.u tip-seeker. "But temt gjr/ iimt joa're engaged to." grumbled Mr. Slolineax; "she won't like, it." " Do yon think that I could pereist in anything contrary to your wishes?" reproachfully asked Herman Franklyn. " The ehgagQjnent is broken." " Good]" croaked the old man. "Engagements are a humbug, in any event. Engagements to girls that haven't anything arc still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than 1 gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifthhe became speechless. On tbc 6ixtb he died. "My fortune is made now," thought Herman, who had listened at the door during the interview with the lawyer, and heard directions given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that Josie had been well sacrificed. "You wasn't at the funeral, eh?" said Mrs. Pierce to the "Widow Hall, while Josie's needle flewfaster than everthrongh the cambric she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow,"! ain't partial to funerals in general,-and I didn't feel no special call to put myself ont to sec an old miser buried, that I never saw nor Spoke to while he was aliv.e." " A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he?"'said Mrs; Pierce. " 1 don't rightly know about that," said Widow Hall. But you don't mean to eay tbat old Wolineaux. hadn't anything after all?" . . . " Nothing but a few sticks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent storekeeper would give change for." The widows eyes shone through her spectacle glasses. f " Land o' massy 1" said she, " And -what was in tlie iron box as eveiybody had bo much to say about—tbc iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. "Just tbc sheets of paper as held a dictionary tbc old man bad been writing all his days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it was worth a deal of money, and- he'd spent his all bunting-up books as nobody but himself ever heard of, and travelling about the country to pick np information. "Humphl' r saidthe Widow Hall, "And what did young Franklyn say " I didn't sit near enough to him to rightly hear." 6aidMrs. Pierce, "but them as did tells me he swore an awful oath when he saw what was in the box, and flung the whole handle d on tbe back of the fire. I saw it blaze up myself." "And. was tbat all?" asked the Widow Hall. " That was all," responded her informant; " I am glad of it I" cried ont Josie, springing up with sparkling eyes. " 1 never "was so glad of anything in all my life. He's served right for once;" Mr. Franklyn called the next day, meek and'subdued. If Jofiie had been a model heroine she would have. thrown both her arms around his neck and rowed tbat she loved him better than ever. But she was' —„n lyuefjir}. soehestood jup J r with dignitv and said: .. . " I wonder nt' jour assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired. Mr. Franklyn." " But, Josie—" "Tbereis the door, 1 sir !"said Josie. u Please to walk out!' And there-wasnothing left for it but to walk out;" Old Miner Molincsux sleeps -quietly in the village grave- yard, and public rumor has added yet another ghost to the spectral population of tbe- Haunted* Hoase—a yellow-visaged-old bogey, who-wears-a wig, and carries in his hand a padlocked bos. 