Our Melbourne Letter. (fbom otje cobsbspondent.) : THE DIVIDED FORCES. July 15. — The split in the Opposition camp ?VFas made very apparent last night in the Legis lative Assembly. Dave Gaunson took a different view of a subject from his chief Bent, and the Government and their supporters were jubi lant at seeing the internecine warfare among their natural enemies. Bent threatened to throw up the leadership if his subordinates rebelled against him in such an open man ner. Gauneon, who hftg a knack of sneaking niost bitterly vheu against friends, was equal to the occasion, and slang-whanged the cabbage gardener. Bent was hoisted on his own petard. Although 'honest' Tom poses as leader of the Opposition, he is not. Tne Opposition are minus a leader and a policy. The straight Oppositionists go for obstruction pfce and simpJe ; while the Corner men, such as Munro and J. B. Patterson, behave themselves much better. They are ' biding their time.' - WORTH TRAPPING. A nice scandal has shaken the social foun dations of fashionable Sandhurst. There has been an elopement. The lady is worth eloping with. She is young, gook-looking, intellectual, a charming companion, and, oh, ye Cupids, is a 200,000 pounder. The male is a musician of good repute, professionally. Some time ago he separated from his wife through some peccadillos being brought to light. Now he has bolted with the young lady agaiast whom the tongue of scandal had never wagged. It is said the lovers are en route for America. Ttie lady's brother, who is described as a fire-eater, started, armed with ' shooting irons,' vowing that he will ' pink' the gay Lothario. [By wire we learn that the elopers were ' intercepted, and the lady taken to her home.] THE CHIXKIES MUST PAT. A detective sergeant at the police court the other day characterised an alleged shady trans action as one of the meanest swindles he had ever met in the whole course of his professional ex perience. It was rather a ' cute ' trick. It seems that this young man went round Little Bourke street where the yellow-skinned, oblique-eyed natives of the Flowery Land most do congregate, and purchased a number of lottery tickets from Ah Sin, One Lung, Gee Bung, or others with equally euphonious names. Then he procured some documents which bore a resemblance to police court summonses, and these he for warded to the unsophisticated heathen, with the result that they were stricken with consternation. Next day he visited them and offered to ' withdraw the charges for £40.' The guileless Chinkies gladly agreed, and gave him £12 10s on account. The young man was to call next day for the balance, but he did not show np. Tne fantan men, beginning to be afraid that there was something wrong, called at the city watehhouse, and then the hoax was discovered. A young man named Wallace was seeing Mr. Pantone about another little matter, and the Chinamen identified him as the man who, as they alleged, wanted to square things. Wallace de nies having been concerned in this smart trick, and says ne can prove an alibi. MIXED MATRIMONIAL MATTERS. The case of Betallick v. Smythe claimed a good deal of attention some time ago, when the saintly Smytfie stood in the dock at the Criminal Court. Eecallick was a particularly unsophisticated ?c Cousin Jack,' who, prior to his departure from Cornwall, had been engaged in. tilling the soil. Smythe was a Pecksniman'. individual, with a horror of cards and drink, and, in fact, of every form of vice- They met at the Coffee Palace, and the farmer was attracted by tbe stern morality of Smythe, who was a local preacher. Hetallick, by the way, was not leading a blameless life at the time himself; but, nevertheless, he admired moral qualities in others. A warm friendship ensued, and Smythe took a fatherly interest in ' Thomas.' He was good enough to advise him with regard to money matters, and. eventually relieved him of £3000. Smythe was sentenced to five years'' imprisonment, with hard labor, and retired into obscurity some months ago. He did not divulge what he had done with the money, however ; and now Eetallick i6 endeavoring to have him examined before the Insolvency Court. Some curious matrimonial complications were made public through this trial. Smythe- married a comparatively young lady shortly before he got into trouble, notwith standing the fact that he already had an old lady in Sydney ' and a grown up family. The new Mrs. Smythe was rather proud of her saintly husband. She did not know anything about bis true character until she saw the account of the trial in the paper. Then Eetallick, the humble admirer of morality in the abstract, it is alleged, -had left his better half in Cornwall, and had come out here with one Sarah, a handmaiden. By the way, that must - be a mistake ! Surely Hagar was the handmaiden's name, and Sarah, the name of the wife: A little Ishmael came into existence -on the passage oat; and now, as a farther proof that, history repeats itself, Eetallick told me tbe other day that Sarah, had sent a letter to eay she is coming on here. A ZTtfaBB.'IN HAJJT PIES. It is rumored, that Mr. B. J. Fink, who repre sents Maryborough in the Legislative Assembly, |s going to float the business of Wallach; Bros,, .&n4;:that of.Eockeand C'o,, both furniture ware houses, into a. limitwd oomnBW-* - Fink na* a finger in a good many pies, a big finger and nice pies too. Strangers in Melbourne are surprised to hear eo often the statement with regard to various business places, 'Oh, teat belongs to Fink.' THE JUBILEE CONCERT. The balance- sheet of the great State concert in honor of the jubilee of her Gracious Majesty will have to be published, and there will assuredly be a row when it is. No inconsiderable item will be the account furnished by the printer ; this fortu nate individual struck off ten thousand copies of the programme, which he charged for at the rate of 3d each. Then a whole host of musicians have to be paid ; they are to receive veiy substantial remuneration indeed for their one night's services. Musicians, somehow or other, have an unfortunate 'habit of rushing into extravagance, and of con tracting debts. It's an ill wind that blows no body good, says the proverb, and perhaps some of these trumpet blowers and string twangers will be able, with the money they earned at the Jubilee concert, to pay oS some of tl-yir just and lawful debts. AGENTS OP CIVILISATION. Melbourne will soon be another London. Many of the institutions with which we were familiar in the ' Big Smoke' of the Old World have found a place with, us here, and new smaller details are being filled in, which, will still further strengthen the resemblance of our city to London. A corps of commissionaires is to be established here I shortly, and we shall have at our command a number of those trim, orderly fellows, always j ready when wanted, who are such a boon at | home. For some time past we have had the crossing- sweepers, who stand at dirty places and stir up the mud with a worn-out broom. When a likely-looking person passes they suddenly become industrious till he is close to them, and then turn round and, with open palm and beseeching look, importune the passer-by: 'Please remember the crossing-sweeper, sir.' Here, as becomes a country where the lowest classes have great educational advantages, the crossing-sweeper adopts a somewhat pedantic style of entreaty — ' Please patronise the crossing sweping, sir.' SMOTHEEED IN MUD. A very sad thing occurred one evening last week at Northcote, when an old gentleman named Wyllie, a doctor of philosophy, and a man of great attainments, met with a miserable and horrible-death by being suffocated in tae thick .soft mad for which the locality is famous. In some places Northeote resembles, Venice only that mud tabes the place of water. Poor old Mr. Wyllie, it appears, was subject to fits, but whether or not he was seized by a fit on the night in question will now never be known, He was knocked down by a cab earlier in the ' evening, and a cabdriver drove him to the corner of the street, in which his body was found about fifty minutes later.* Some say that he was -»orth a deal of money, and tbat he lived the life of a miser ; what friends he has deny tiiis, and say the poor old man had scarcely enough ot the things of this world to keep life in him. Whether he was a miser, or lived ' in a wretched manner from necessity, does not matter now. He has gone to his long home, though the manner in which he went was very sad and terrible. The doctors said he died of asphyxia, and the twelve good men who ' sat upon his body' brought in a verdict to the effect that he died, through falling in the mud. Earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust — even though the dust be turned into mud. Nobody knows, or will ever know, what the poor old man suffered as he lay there with his face buried m the vile black mud, with help close at hand could he have called for it ; with eareJess happy people passing, perhaps within a few yards of where, after a few faint struggles, he gave up the ghost. KEEP THE STEAMEB BACK. Some time ago an American paper, which makes a special feature of an illustrated Sunday issue, gave an amusing account, accompanied by a few clever sketches, of how in seme country districts in Ireland trains are often delayed, awaiting the arrival of some dilatory local magnate, who has sent word that, he is coming. There it would seem that, if one of these great men has an early train to catch, he has only to send a messenger to tbe station to give due notice of the fact, and then he can lie back at his ease, ' without anxiety, read of bloody murders and evictions, of agrarian outrages, or the latent about the Crimes Bill, over his matutinal rasher. I am reminded of this by an item of news which came from Tasmania the other day. It was to the effect that when the steamer' Flinders, with Miss Amy Sherwin, the sweet singer, on board, reached the Heads on her journey from Melbourne, a tele gram from the Mayor of Hobart awaited th« captain, requesting him to delay the arrival of the vessel until half-past 11, as he was not ready to receive Miss Sherwin. And this too in spite of the fact that the Flinders had the English mails on board. As it turned out, however, the Mayor's telegram was quite unnecessary, as a strong southerly wind delayed the vessel even longer than the Mayor wished, and she did not arrive until half -past 12. A EACE-HOESE SPEED TALKER. 'Our Alfred,' as Dave Gaunson familiarly calls the Chief Secretary, is a rapid speaker, and is on that account no favorite with, pressmen. Besides, when he gets warmed np, his sentences become as long and involved as some of the sen tences in your Dalley's speeches. A story is going the rounds, that when he was at home he at tended some meeting in the Black Country, at which a representative of the local portion of the Archimedian lever was present. Evi dently the pen driver had had some previous experience of Alfred, for as soon as he caught sight of him he cried 'If that beggar's going to apeak, I'll clear.' THEATRICAL NEWS. You may expect to have ' Human Nature ' and 'Harbor Lights' over with you shortly. The' company is engaged to open in Sydney on September 3. 'Princess Ida' is next on the programme at the Princess's. It is not antici pated that it will have a particularly long run. The evergreen ' Struck Oil ' has been very successful at the Theatre Boyal. At the Alex andra, the volatile Carrie Swain enraptured all hearts as usual. ' - . 'The Touno Idba.' — With reference to Mark Twain's ' English as she is taught,' a writer in the Publishers' Circular recently said: Bo any of Mark Twain's examples surpass in absurdity the following answers made to Canon Daniel, when examining candidates for the scholarships presented by some of the city companies?— (1.) Magna Charta was made so that 'people should not worship the place where Moses died. (2.) Magna Charta was ordered by the king to be beheaded. He fled to Italy, but was captured and executed. (3:) Henry II. got drinking intoxicating liquors until he was commonly called drunk. (4.) Henry^ II. did ' penance for his share in ' Beeket's death by walking barefoot and receiving whacks wifchaberch. (5.) Milton wrote a eensjjble poem called Canterbury Tales. (6.) The climate of England determines to be rather unhealthy on account of its having: so many smells and stinks, such as tanners and many others. (7.) The old world naturally was Europe- and now the new word, is Europe, Asia, &c.; (8.) Buenos is in Germany ; Ayreg in France. (9.) Freetrade . . means not connected with any other establish ment and charging no discount. - - A banquet, followed by a ball, took place at Suds in konot of Qoeen Victoria's Jubilee. 