SCRIPS OF HOME BEWS. (By Last Mail.) Victor Hugo's personal estate in England has been declared at £92,000. The late Baroness Betty de Rothschild leaves personal estate in England valued at £370,000. The Queen has intimated lier willingness to patronise an exhibition of the relics of Mary Qaeen of Scots to be held at Peterborough during the summer in connection with the celebration of the tercentenary of lier execution. A gentleman named Doyle, who recently died, by hi? «ill bequeaths to the Prince of Wales a gold-inouuted cane and fonr drinking-horn-:, and to the Princess of Wales a silver-mounted fortoiseshel! casket, formerly belonging to Queen Isabella of Spaiu, and two gold bracelets. Princess Margaret, the eldest child of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, has been seriously ill at Windsor Castle during the Queen's absence, and telegrams reporting lier condition, and also that of Princess Beatrice's infant, were forwarded twice daily to Aix-les-Bains. The Duchess of Albany drove over from Ciarëmont to see the Royal children, who «re now much better. The wife of the American President lias secured great popularity in Washington. Her management of the White House is much extolled, as is also an innovation introduced by her of noon receptions at which strangers arriving or passing through Washington are received. The deaths are announced of Mrs Sale, of Brighton, sister of Richard Cobden ; the widow of Offenbach ; M. Herbert, Louis Pliflippe's last Minister of Justice ; Lord Kinnaird, the supporter of many religious and philanthropic movements : Mr Alfred Montague, the artist : Sergt-Major Kelly, one of the Balaclava " Six Hundred"; and Sir John Mellor, retired judge of the High Court of Justice. A herd of deer in Riclunond Park were found to be suffering from rabies, and hiany of the animals had to be slaughtered.. The outbreak is attributed to attacks by mad dogs. A "ghost" which had nightly alarmed the inhabitants of Mumbles Head, on being captured turned ont to be a man clothed in white, with blackened face. The practical joker received a sound flogging. The stream of emigration from the port of Liverpool is at present assuming dimensions of an unusual magnitude. Owing to the long-continued drought there has been a great scarcity of water in some parts of Yorkshire. A youth of eighteen, named Davis, has been awarded the Humane Society's clasp for saving a boy from drowning, at Kewcastle-upon-Tyne. This was the seventh life saved by Davis, who had already received the Society's medal. Earthquake shocks were felt at the Channel Islands. In Jersey people were roused from their slumbers by a rumbling noise and an oseillatioii. At Guernsey the tremor of the earth lasted about three seconds. A farmstead at Thomborough was struck by lightning, and partly unroofed. The electric current entered the house, smashed the windows and injured three inmates. Mrs Weldon brought an action to recover damages for a trespass, said to have been committed by a solicitor's clerk at her office, and was awarded a farthing. A child fell out of the door of a railway carriage when proceeding to Harwich, and was badly injured.' The parents brought an action against the Great Eastern Railway Compsay, and were awarded £300 compensation. It was held, in the Bloomsbuiy County Court, that to buy a dog on Sunday constituted an offence under the Act of Charles 11. making it illegal to transact ordinarv business on the Sabbath. A youth who dropped a disc of lead instead of a penny into an ' automatic machine, and obtained a cake of chocolate, was sentenced by a magistrate to receive a birching. At Guernsey a woman was sentenced to one week's imprisonment, every alternative day to be solitary confinement on bread and water, for illtreating a cat. At Guildhall Police court a lady stated that she lost a diamond brooch while having her fortune told at Epsom Downs. A widow at Cornelly, named Mary Francis, has just attained the age of 106\. She takes a walk daily in fine ' weather, and reads without spectacles. Her mother lived to be 110. Owen Percy, private in the Manchester Regiment, has been arrested at Holywell as a déserter. The prisoner, who possesses the Afghan and Egyptian medals and several good-conduct badges, declares that when in Egypt he dreamed that near Holywell, at a spot he indicates, large treasures lay hidden under a boulder stone. When he arrived in England he deserted, - and for the' past week he and large crowds of people' have been diligent^ ^searching tor? the, treasure. * / * An attempt was lately, made to evict a farmer named Daniel Grace from his holding near Dunmanway, West Cork. The tenant and his wife held the constabulary and bailiffs àt bay by throwing stones from the upper storey, Having cut away the staircase, a fusilade was poured by Grace and lus wiÊe, the latter holding an infant in lier left arm, while she used her right in throwing missiles. The bailiffs and police got into the lower portion of the house and cut through the floor which they attempted to pull with ropes. For eight hours resistance was maintained, and the attempted eviction had to be abandoned at sunset. A -selector named Thomas Curren (30), living at Korrumburra Gippsland, was admitted to the Alfred Hospital on Saturday suffering from a fnctured leg, caused by a tree falling on him. Port Melbourne railway pier presented a gsy appearance on Saturday morning, reports the Herald, prior to the. leaving of-the Genpan mail steamer Sailer, on account of the departure of the Victorian members of the Sdvatbn Ajroy ; .wlK> have joined the Indian contingent.. i!he strange dress of the captaip% their luggage, including 'tambourines - and musical instruments, attracted much attentifm,*«nid it was with difficulty they wended their way to the steamer. 