?I'Sports and Pastimes.- I By 'Vebax.' . . . ._. ., ' The -weights for the Queenainnd Jubiloo Plate and Turf; Club Huudicapwere but on Tuesday afternoon. The soule. coratnonqe3 at 9 Bt. 7 lbs. and ends at 6. at. 3 lbs. ini the former and 9 fit. 8 lbs. to G at. 4 lbs. in tho latter. Pi ra to is at lnst elevated to tlio prouil position of top weight, with Yubba oloso up. This in somewhat of a feather in my cup, for 1 liavo always considered Pirato about the boat hone We have. Still I hardly fancy M'Gill ?will be pleased with the weight, and to give My, Lovo G lbs. and ?! lbs. is ruthor too much' of a good thing. Pirate, I should ima gimvwill hardly do this, good horso though ho is, Sly Love's running of late has been very erratic, but on boiuq of tho form elio has shown she holds both Pirato and Yabba sufo1- If Yubba wins hero, ho -will incur a penalty in all his races down Bouth, which would effectually ' extinguish any chanco ho might huvo boon possessed of. Comet, 8 at. 10 lbs. and 8 fit. 12 lbs., is badly treated. Parody has had a rise in the weights with 8 st. 1 lbs. and 8 st. 5 lbs., and this will, I think, stop her. Ormoud can have no ohanco. if his recent form is correct, and Wetheroudalo has gone off a good deal. Lauristina, on the othor hand, i.s running well into form, and 7 st. 7 lbs. and 7 Bt. 10 lbs. is not too much for hor. Gloiro do Dijon, 7 st. 11 lbs'., shows form occasionally, but I do not think he is as good as he looks. Norman is not budly'in, and neither is Clarence, wliilBt Rainbow, with G st. 13 lbs., might bo dangerous. Touchstono is also given a ohanco ?with G st. 11 lbs. Bolvidero is not ovor woighted, arid Ascot and Wurkworth have no cause to grumble. In tho Jubileo Plato My Love, Lauristina, and Belvidero road well, and for the Q.T.C. Handicap Lauristina, Norman, Eainbow, and My Love have a show ; but more about these ovents next week. The importance which is attuohed to tho Melbourne Cup this year by horse owners may bo judged of from tho fact that only 1;3 have declared off at tho first acceptance. In a big handicap like this such a state of affairs has, I venture to say, never hardly been known before. The hnndicnpper is, no doubt, mainly responsible for this, and yet the tempting prize of £2,500 may have had a good deal to do with it.' This is a sum of money that a man docs not got. the chance to race for every day.and a horse that has a ghost of a show will bo kept in on tho off chance of some of the cracks going wrong. I have known men at homo scratch their horses because they have thought thoy had no ehanco at tho weights, and yot when some of those thoy know could beat them have given way and gono wrong, they have boon very sorry for the prompt action thoy took. Every horse that starts for the Melbourne Cup this year will, I firmly believe, bo sent to win. .Besides the honour and glory of the thing, there will be a big stake at tho ond of it, and no end of bets. There should be more wacorin ?* over the Cup this year than has been the case for many a lone; day. Many horses will be heavily backed, so that there will ba a. good chance of getting some fair odds. The only horso that appears to mo likely to start a red hot favourite^— bar, of course, the Derby winner — is Silver Prince. I make this state ment advisedly, becauso tho Now Zoalanders will rush him, and many more in these colonies will back him. He has arrived safo and sound, and if he gets on with his preparations woll ho will he backed for heaps of money. Ho may win and ho may not, but on all form ho must have a rare chance. He is a chestnut horse, 4 years old, by Antoros — Sylvia, and has not a blemish, eo I hear. Silvermino is an old friend of mine, and so is Trenton, and both will bo in it. If Trident could not win last year with his light woight, I fail to see how he is to do it this year with a crusher. Tho only horses Fcratched that had any chance at all aro Shoot Anchor and Grace Darling. I am glad they are out, because both would have been bucked if left in. It is a long way to look ahead, but I fnncy tho Melbourne Cup will be won by Silver Prince, Silvermino, Abner, or Matador. Tho V.B..C. Derby will, I think, bo a more open race than somo people imagine. 'Blar- tiudale,' the best authority in Sydney, says : ' On Tuesday last I paid my first visit to tho course. I must say that I waa very deeply im pressed with tho appearance of both Cranbrook and Australian Peer. Cvanbrook is a splendid specimen of tho thoroughbred horse, and far and nwny the biggest two-year-old of Iris year. All the Chesters have plenty of size. There is nothing ungainly, however, about Cranbrook. He moves well, and appears to havo plenty of pace. I must, however, see moro of him before I venture to say that his neck will be graced with a blue ribbon either at Randwick or Hemington. But oven at this early stago I feel assured that he will be a very troublesome customer. On Tuesday ho galloped ovor a niilo and a quarter in a most satisfactory manner. 'With Abercorn the touts aro not altogether plenced. He appears to bo a triflo sore, but .maybe it is only temporary and will wear oft'.' ' The Australian Peer is, I hear, doing great work, and I am suro all in Queensland, and more eopeciully Mr. W. H. Kent, would bo glad to see him win. At anyrato, if he goes on woll he will not disgrace the colony. Moor house is also well, and moves vory freely, and he will be a dangerous horso. Then wo have Niagara, the Now Zealander, a horse that Maorilnnders swear by. Tho winner will ?come, I fanoy, from Cranbrook or Niagara, with danger from the Australian Peer and Moorhouso. If I pioked it in one now, it 'would bo Niagara. I huvo received from the seoretary of tho Hawkehbury Raco Club a very neat programme ?containing tho entries and woights for tho big liandicaps at the September meeting. Tho little book also contains nominations for tho Hawkesbury Guineas, Produce Stakes, Claret Stakes, 1888, and GuineaB and Produeo Stakes, 1888\. It is a most useful, well- printed book. For tho Queensland Derby noxt Novoinbor thero should be a irood race. I have always fancied Lord Hcadington, and do so still. If he trains on he will have a chance second to none for tho event. Touchstono is another . Rood performer, whilst Itoso and Sir Anthony tire not to lio despised. If M'Gill gets Jasmine all right die will be handy. Athlete by Capti- . vator— Arrowflight by Hawthornden is a good colt. Then there aro amongst tho dark lot Expert, oh o by Melbourne— Explosion, by Fireworks ; Mr. J. Sweeney's b o Falsetto, by Captivutor — Tivolity, by Kelpio; Rose of Australia,' by Melboumo out of Ln Grand's sister,^ Legerdemain ; Andrew Nieholl's Ubogan, by Mozart out of Ailsio ; John rinnio's Douhlo Strain, by Robinson Ctuboo — Maid Marian (half-sister Goldsborough, Robin Hood, and Martini Henry; and .Andrew Loder's Belgard, by Tho Drummer , out of Belvoiiiiitt. ,.''-. Wothorondale, .who was vory ill of tor tho Rookhiimptbn races, haSj Ihear.ooihoonagain, ' and is now nearly nil right. ' I hope tho old horso will keep on his legs for many a. day ybt. Rainbow, by EpigramVRosobud, by New 'Warrior out of sister to Tartar, by Tnmborlaho, is a very blood like raoihi- filly: Shoiwpiild have won the Mniden Plato inn trot with! tho disqualiflcd.Glndiutbr out'of the wayv She has grown considerably and into a fine mare. Tramp in, I hear, in .work ; again j -but will not bo fit to nice yet. ?.-?,. : Mr. W. Moouoy .wus unfortunate to loso his colt, Borderer. Borderer met with such ,'d ; severe accident at oxoroise that it was deemed expedient to send him to tho ' hnjvpy hunting grounds.' Ho was a ftno chestnut colt, by Melbourne— Nasturtium, by Kingston — Satanella,' by Chatterbox — tho Waterloo mare. He was bred by Williams at Tentorfleld, but he went to Mr. Ross, of Tnranjnmhn, near Rookhnmpton, and it was fiom that gentleman Mr! Moonoy got him. It i* no joke losing a good horso lileo this, ' and I must express regret at tho ncoidont thnt terminated what promised to be a brilliant career for Borderer. Mr. Moonoy is building training Btnbles out utEaglo Farm, so that ho will bo neur tho course, and ha has at present Yiibba, Gloiro do Dijon, Sleep, Grub, and The Ifliit. Tho last two are yearlings. Grab is by Melbourne — Gamos, and Tho Flirt by Rioter — Cuducia, by Laureate out of tho imported in iro Cudcnu, by Lord Lyon. As Mr. M'Gill is also building stables out at Eaglo Farm thero will soon bo quite a colony down thero, and a horuoy colony, too. Mr. John Tait, secretary pro tern, of tho Trotting iind Driving Club, has oallcd a meet ing lor Monday night at tho Australian Hotel, mid I hone thero' will bo a largo attendance Thero is plenty of room in Brisbane for auoh a olub as this, and the prizes given by tho National Association this year should give the . game a littlo impetus. Mr. Tait, I am sure, wiU-frdrktne'thmte'trjj-well, as 'he is fond of a , good trotter himsolf. .. . ?. Tho Hcrbcrlon Advertiser has tho following very acnsiblo remarks, which boar out all I have said' on this subject: 'It ifl:timethat some Btops should bo taken by tho raoing men of tho north to effeot a reconciliation botweon tho North Queenland Raoing Association and the Queensland Turf Club. The present re lations botween tho two authorities would do amusing were thoy not pernicious, and must awaken astonishment in anyono unacquainted with the eauso of tho estrangement. Who ever has been to blame it is 'high timo, in the interests of horso owners and breeders, that tho hatchot should bo buried. A littlo com mon sense and tact would soon heal the breach, and instead of two rival and recriminating associations, we would soon have two sooiotics working harmoniously for common objects — tho suppression of everything dishonest and unfair, and the encouragement of everything straightforward and honourable in connection with tho turf.' At a committee meeting of tho Maryborough Jookey Club, there were present : Dr. Garde (chair), Messrs. J. Mahoney, S. D. Scougall, F. R. Ravenhill, and A. F. Sapsford. Tho programme of the Spring Mooting, to bo held on tho 2i)th and 30th September, was com pleted. Tho sum of £405 is offo.-ed in added money, and tho meeting will doubtless be well patronised. Mr. R. Johnson, P.M., was elected on tho cominitteo in tho plnoo of Mr. J. H. Cherry. Considerable improvements aro to bo made in the training traek. Tho programmo of tho Beenloigh races on the 2nd of September, will bo found in another column. Thero aro seven races down, and tho stakes are good. Tho principal events nro tho Beeoleigh Handicap of £100, and tho Flying Handicap of £50. Then there is tho Trial Stakes, Bashford Trophy, Selling Raoo, All-aged Stakes, and Consolation Race. Nominations for tho Bcenleigh and Flying Handicaps close on tho Oth instant, and tho weights are declared on tho lGth. General entry day 2Gth. Mr. James M'Cowun is the lion, seorotary. Bundaberg races were not a brilliant success. On the first day Mr. Skyring's Ida scored hor maiden win in tho Trial Stakes, beating Char coal, Taunton, and Dick, in 1 min. 57 sees. As I surmised, Malta (8 st. 3 lbs.) was ' all thero ' in tho Town Plato, winning in a cantor from Blair Athol and Nonsuch in 2 mins. 50} sccb. Molin won the Ladies' Purse easily from Dynamite ; and Lauristina, after a grand race, defeated Melin by a neck for tho Corinthian Cup ; Enigma third. On the second day Malta opened the ball by winning tho Visitors' Plate from Enigma, Melin scoring an easy victory in the Ladies' Bracelet from Nonsuch and Sultan. In the Publicans' Purse Enigma defeated Ida and Hifi Worship. Tho Mulgravo Handicap ?was left to Lauristina (8 st. 3 lbs.) and Malta, the mare winning as she pleased. The District Plato was also a gift to Luuristina. Tho uonsoinm-n iianaicap was eoourea oy Dyna mite, after a splendid ruco with Blair Athol. Tho chances of the 'mighty New Zea lander' competing on the Australian turf during the spring campaign are discussed as nnder by the sporting writer of tho New Zealand Herald: 'Tho lenient treatment Nelson re ceived in the New Zealand Cup seemed to leave no doubt in the minds of the great majority o£ Auckland turfites that Major Georgo would throw down the gauntlet at Riecarton rather than send the sou of King Colo over to try con clusions with tho cracks at Fleming ton ; but the persistent manner in which a well-known follower of the stable has been inquiring tho horso'a price for the Melbourno Cup has caused the small punters a little dis may. The other night all tho 100'.h to 1 on offer about tho horso for the big Flomington raco wore accepted, and an offer to take 1000 to 15 remained unsatisfied. I learn that Major Georgo has not yot mado up his mind which raco to go for, so that backers should not be too rash in their investments, or thoy may find themselves in tho Bnmo plight as over tho last Duucdin Cup, when the horse was sent to Aus tralia, and left them lamenting over the fact that they had a non- goer in their books instead of d ' speeler.' No doubt by tho time tho first forfeit becomes due (August 1) Major Georgo will hn\e finally made up his mind whioh raco hn intends going for, and until such is known backers would do well to be cautious.' Australian-bred racing stock seem to bo highly thought of in America, judging by tho following excerpt from tho Now lork Sports man : ' Some months ago tho Sportsman's cor respondent at San Franoisco notified us of tho arrival thero of two good racehorses from Aus tralia. Thoy were imported by Mr. J. K. Newton. Ono is a black, foaled August 29, 1884, called True Briton, and got by John Bull out of Ruby, by Tim Whiffler. The other jb a bay, foaled on September 2-lth, 1885, called Goldsborough, Junior, son of Golds bovqugh, who is tho sire of many great horses. Ho is now tho property of Senator Hearst, Mr. Hoggin's partner in business. Tho cost is described as a largo, handsomo animal, who looks like a raoehorne. True Briton is now m training at tho Oakland course, and Mr. Joseph. Cairn Simpson speaks as follows about him : ' We are much pleased with him both galloping and at rest. Matt. Storns, who trains him, says that ho has a great flight of speed, and with that first essential of a rajehorso ho should not bo lack ing in tho other requirements. Mr. Sterns tells ua that ho ran tho home-strotch in 24J sccb., with a good lump of woight, over 120 lbs., and that, bo soon after boing put iu training, must be acknowledged a very fine performance. Ho is a highly-finished colt, and his form all through is superior. His blood is fashionable in tho Antipodes, so that the prime qualities of breeding, form, and speed appear to bo united. Ho ia' of fair size, considering that his birthday comes near the latter end of ' AuguBt, and' 'back homo' ho would rate aa a two-year-old until the first o£ his natal month. Ho is a muscular colt, and wo shall await his raoing with a good deal of interest.' ' The ealo of the Queen's yearlings at Hamp ton Ccurt is alwaya sure to bring a largo and fashionable company together, and tho atten dance on June Is proved no exception to the rule.' Tho 29 youngsters sold brought in the substantial aggregate oE 7,950 guineas, an averago of, say, 274 guineas. It was a doad hcat for top prico between a filly by Hampton from Land's End, purchased by Lord Rodnoy, and tho colt by Rosicruoian from Eglentyno, who fell to Mr. Douglas Baird's ncd, the price for each boing 1,050 guineas. Eglontynej it will be remembered, is the dam of Briurroot aiid Woodland, both by Spriugfiold, and they won tho chief events on tho Friday in Whit week both at Manchester and Sundown Park, tho value of tho two races being closo on £7,000. ?Lord Rodney was again to the fore when the !c6lt by Muncustor from Rosomary was brought into the ring, and secured him for G00 guineas, ? and Mr. R. 'Sherwood took tho woll-brcd colt by Rosicrucian from Crann Tair at an outlay of 620 guincuB. Ryan scoured tho colt by Springfield out of Furiosa for 550 guineas, pro bably on behalf of Mr. Houldsworth, and several other good prices were obtained. In foot, but for a very insignifioant tail the average would have beeu greatly improved. 