Terror of H;aaunteod I.ocomsotivces. Locooersave engineers are almost. if not alto tgether, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to haunted ships, nays the Tribune. About ten years ago the engine Matt M,~agan blew up while stand ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providerce, It. I., killing the engineer. The engine wa se obequentl7 re. built and put on the road. On tie tieet trip that she made after being rebu'ilt she went tearing into Providence in the night v.ith the train swinging behind, ard the sleeping town echoing to the shrill whistle. On appraoeh ing the station the engineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared "at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fa.t. When the station was reached the ghost dis. appeared, and the engineer stopped the train s eme distance beyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Masny people have not forgotten the terible RBiohmond switch disaster. several years ago, on the Providence and Stonirgton road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail-road bridge. The train same rushing along that night, and was hurled in the chasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engine as the ireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine. But it was too late. The train was gaing at such a speed that the locomotive leaped clear across the stream, and they found Giles lying under his overturned engine, with the lever driven through his body and onehand clutch. ing the throttle-valve with the grasp of death. Giles, when he came into Providence, was so customed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would soon be home. The absence of those whistles was the tirstin timation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terrible leap on that stormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there was at first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with such superstitious horror was it regarded. To-day there are people ready to swear that they have beard whistles, such as Giles used to blow as signals to his wile, sound through the suburbs oe Providence, when no train was coming up the road. TnoY there is something in the unruffled calm of nature that overawes our little so zieties and doubts; the sighlt of the deep bliu sky and the clustering stars above seem to ias .part a quiet to the mind. 