C f)e &Bl;>e r 11 sf r i\ Saturday,Februray 26, 18S7,: . It seems, according to the accounts in all the nowspapers, that, bar perhaps Germany, there is no power on earth so formidable as tho little colony of. Victoria in tho matter of Deences justf now. Great ructions aro talcing place in the Reichstag and the English Cabinet over the question of national Defence; but in Victoria, happy place! they manage things better. When Lorimer, Gillies, and a few imported gentlemen in gold lace cogitate together for half-an-hour or so all is done, and an assurance is given us that if France, Russia, or any other power, should so far forget themselves as to venture on a bout with us, they will be very promptly and disastrously routed and undone. We have now, it seems, arrived at a stngo when any fleet that crosses the waters can bo despatched with glory to us and ignominy to the foe. This information is all official— strictly official. Readers of tho Argus. will have seen a minute account of all: that is to be done by our Defence forces; the account professed to come from the Defence Department, and has never been repudiated. According to this, a great war was fought one day in tho Miniqlor’n room-—on paper, of course—w'th tho result that the Vic torian forces on land and sea were victorious all along tho line. More than this, one of tho Ministers who witnessed this bloodless campaign—we believe it was Mr Duncan Gillies— afterwards, in his official capacity, was able to make a bold and soul-becalm ing assertion ; he told an interviewer that preparations hod at last reached their summit; that every one in this free land would, aud will, to use his exact words, bo set n-fighting for his country “on the touching of a button.” Oh wondrous man, and still more wondrous button ! What would Bis marck give for such an adviser and such an ally ! News like this should interrupt the slumbers of the Nelsons, Wellingtons and Napoleons in their tombs, coming, too, as it does from one who probably could not execute a “left turn” properly. This statement, it will be observed, is made in the face of all the extraordinary bungles that we j have made so often in our Defence works —allowing foreign vessels to onter without being challenged, or even observed ; and in the face of the statement of a well-known authority that he could take Melbourne with one ironclad alone. What one might have expected from our Defence guardians was an honest and sensible ac knowledgment that things aro not as thoy might be; that our Defences at present are an anomaly ; too weak as. they stand to be effective, and torn expensive to be maintained if they are of no use; that we should go tho whole way, and make them what they ought to be, or run tho gauntlet of invasion by being defenceless altogether. This would be more creditable to responsi ble officials than the button-touching rubbish, especially when there is every, reason for saying that in the hour of action the button-touching would prove a farce, and a “button bursting” one, too—as far as the enemy was con-' corned. There is also a sad note to be' sounded in the siren’s song. While we had masters so great and confident as the Naval Commandant and the Min ister of Defence tliero was encourage ment nnd hope for us; but,' lo ! the prop is taken violently away, and we are now left alone in the solitude of our fears. Captain Thomas - and Mr Lorimer have gone to Englaud, nnd their work has been delegated to others, at a time when the cable may any hour flash tidings of a great European war. It is said their object is to strengthen the armaments of what they declare is already an invincible country. But apart from this out rageous contradiction of terms, it surely does seem unlike military genius to delay all action until the very day of our direst need. The pig in the fable says, ‘ It is no time to whet our tusks when the drum beats to battle and although this animal is not dis tinguished for intelligence, we gravely fear that, on the subject of Defence, he can teach some of our greatest ones a wrinkle or two. The electoral rolls are now ready. The most interesting division is the South, in consequence of the possibility of a local option vote being taken to reduce the number of hotels there. It is found that 1564 persons are entitled to the franchise in this division. This number, of course, embraces both ratepaying electors and those entitled to vote by electoral right. Tho Licensing Act requires that one-third of this number should vote to constitute a poll, or in other words, if one-fifth of the electors sign a petition, the hotels may then be closed up if 522 persons vote, and a majority of them are in favor of reducing the number of hotels. Practically this will mean 522 votes against the publicans, for it is understood that those in favor of leaving matters as they are will be requested not to A deputation from tho Town) Council, consisting of the Mayor, and Councillors Douch, Lindsey and Pearson, accompanied by Mr A. T. Clark, attended at the office of the Commissioner of Railways on Thursday, by arrangement, to discuss the necessity of additional pier accommodation for Williams town. To their disappointment there was none of the Commissioners preseut to re ceive them, and the Councillors had to leave, under the conviction that there had been “another injustice to Wil liamstown.” It is understood that the departure of Mr Mirls had Borne remote connection with the absence of Mr .Speight and his colleagues. However, tho deputa tionists resolved not to let the grass grow under their feet, and, before separating, agreed to wait on the Commissioners again next Wednesday. . What the deputation will probably insist upon is the necessity of lengthening the new railway pier between the dock and Ann street piers by. 500 feet. This would make it 1000 feet in length ; and, in view of tho large increase in the grain trade anticipated next season, it is considered that all thiB accommodation will be fully required. It is believed that the Mes s.igcrics Maritimcs steamers would berth at Williamstown instead of Port Melbourne if the requisite accommodation were available. The wisdom of making a breakwater from the Bird Rocks at the back of thd sheds to the lightship, to protect the south-eastern portion , of the shipping, will also be suggested. The railway carriage tested by the officers of the Railway Department last Tuesday is considered one of the finest specimens of colonial workmanship that has been executed in tho colony. It was built at the Williamstown Workshops, and con tains many appliances that have not hither to been in vogue in Victoria.! It com prises a dining room, a sitting j room, a smoking room and a guard’s room; is fitted with electric bells, nnd supplied with water which is provided from a tank in tho roof. The length of the carriage is 45 feet, and its construction is bn tho doable bogio principle. The model iB taken from those in use in South America. ; The quarterly meeting of the Ancient Order of Forostors. will take Iplace on Wednesday. : ;.A largo gathering of employes at tho workshops assembled on the pier on Wed nesday to bid good-bye to Mr S. Mills, the locomotive superintendent, who has taken liis.dcparturc foi England on leave. A iloral and choral service was given in tho Footseray BIub Ribbon Hall on Monday evening by tile scholars of the Newport, Footseray and Williamstown Baptist .Sunday schools, assisted by some of tho teachers, which proved a'suecess. The singing, under tiio leadership of Mr Broadbcnt; was excel lent, whilst tho (lowers and banners, which were waving in time to the music, were really pretty. Kcv. T. Smith, of Footseray, addressed tho children. Mossrs .Tones and Liddy also gave addresses of an interesting character. A vote of thanks to the chairman and conductor brought a very enjoyable evening to a close. Another service is to bo given ill Williamstown shortly, when Mr Broadbcnt intends bringing some trained singers from Melbourne. The juveniles at tho temperance meeting, held at the Mechanics’ Institute, proved to bo very interesting on Saturday night. .'The hall was filled :in every part. The chair was filled by tho Rev, W. H. Wallace. Recita tions were given by the following :—Misses Thomson, Lowther, Roberts, Tabby, Jones, and a small girl,, named Laura Williams, who did well. Songs were given by Misses . Spencer and Williams, u hose efforts wtrej . loudly applauded. Tile childicn sang well in tile chorus pieces, under the leadership of Mr Roberto. A Mias'jWliit'o. presided, at the organ. - NexE'Sulurday ttie-picnic'ih con nection with the above Blue Ribbon Society will be held at that beautiful spot, Craigc biun, and. a splendid day’s outing is nntiei;" pated, should lliotwcatlier prove line; The committee aro sparing no efforts in provid ing for those who may go. A splendid band lias been engaged, and* all kinds of .sports have been arranged for.’ - ; - ■ ; A very pleasant social was hold in tho Academy of Music on Wednesday eVening by Mr U. W. 'Graham’s' military orchestra. There was a largo assemblage of dancers, who appeared to thoroughly enjoy- them selves. The music supplied by Mr Graham’s band was greatly appreciated, ami this com pany did'-not:disperse until' an advanced A correspondent has written expressing warm approval of “Leaves from an Aus tralian Detective's Biarv,” which ho suggests should be published regularly in this paper. The weekly meeting of tho Blue Ribbon Union was held on Friday evening,' the ISth iust., /when‘.the hall was crowded. j£ Mr Long occupied the chair, and in bisi 'remarks pointed out the evils of intemperanoe. The iol lowing ladies and gentlemen contributed to the harmony of the evening l’iauo solo, by MisB Denison ; solos, ducts, by Misses :Harris,, Hughes, lieriot family and Mr Jones recitations by Miss Jennings and Messrs MTCcnzie and Claughton. The Wil lianistown brass band rendered some choice selections during tho evening. Mr Devine 'conducted the’ choir, aiid 'Miss' Harris acted as organist. An excellent programme will be given this evening by South Melbourne friends. Extensive preparations have been made in decorating the Methodist Free Church for the Harvest Home tlianksgivingrscrviccs. The Revs W. H. Fvanseand.R.-. Wallace preach on Sunday, aud a fruit soiree is to bo held on Monday. Tho Williamstown Comedy Club (.will appear at.-the-Academy, of (Music, Electro, street, ou the' 10th of 'Marclf- in “ Blow for Blow.” The hall has been thoroughly decorated, and is now equal to any’hall about tho suburbs. The chib have rehearsed' tho piece with great . vigor, and arc now : considered perfeeb in their parts. Mo : Mr George • Julius Casement lias reported to tho police that on entering his place of residence on Tuesday evening, at about nine o’clock, lie became suddenly unconscious, and, oil recovering, lie found that seven sovereigns and eighteen shillings and six pence had been extracted from his pockets ; also a promissory noto for £500, dated January 21st, aud payable to Mr Casement. The_police .have; taken the matter up, and are instituting a careful aud searching enquiry. The usual meeting of the Williamstown Eight Hours’ Committee was held in the Mechanics’ Institute' onTucsday evening, there being a large attendance pL.itho mem bers, the, president occupying, tlio chair. The various sub-committecs siibihittod their reports. The Gift Committee reported hav ing purchased gifts to thb value'of £10. The Sports Committee intimated their intention of expending £35 for the various events. The educational examination will again he held under the'management of avery strong committee,: Mr . Roberts being appointed educational secretary. The secretary was instructed to write'to'the Council for use of the gardens for 'holding the fete. Some of tho members expressed tlio opinion tiiat the charges made by the Council were too high, considering the, object, lor which tho demonstration will bo held.' : . The Grocers’ picnic'.was held ou Monday at Quecnseliff, the participants being con veyed in the steamer Williams. Nearly all the grocer 6liops here were closed. Tho Naval Brigade were drilled i Hast Saturday on boaxl the Corbeivsj Nelson, Victoria, Albert, Gannett, Batman,’ Fawkner and the torpedo boats. Captain Fullarton and Commander Collins hoarded the vessels, and complimented. , thej men on their large .1 attendance, and also oh. the-, remarkable improvement exhibited in their drilL The tender of David Munro and Company lias been accepted by the Government for the supply of Milestone rubble at the Newport and North Williamstown stations;: The price is £210 7s 6d. On Monday evening an invitation enter tainment was eiven in St. Mary’s school room by the Catholio Young Men’s. So ciety. There were about 250 present. Songs were contributed by Mrs Brennan, Misses Palmer, Regan, Grimes, Thivaite and Nankivcll, aud Messrs Fogarty, W. J. Jones aud Fitzsyinons. Messrs Dooleys aud Crawford recited, and dances wore ex ecuted by Master Palmer and Messrs Chandler aud Harrigan. The vocalists were accompanied by Miss Nankivcll. At the conclusion, the spiritual director (Father Walslie) thanked .all;, Those; '■ who had assisted. Tho work of repairing the' schooner Caroline is 'now being proceeded with, and it will take some little time to replace the damage done by the fire. But for the prompt action of those who noticed the smoke issuing from tho stern of the vessel, it; is probable that she would have been entirely consumed. This is the second misfortune through fire that has befel the Caroline since she has been the property of Captain Miller.- She is uninsured. ' The future style of passenger carriage to be used on the Victorian railways is said to ho after the most modern English make. The Railway Commissioners have given orders for the manufacture of some at the Newport railway workshops. They will he 45 feet in length, and each compartment will be divided by a partition from those adjoining it. The Williamstown crew won the Senior Eight-oared race at the Victorian Rowing Association’s annual regatta, held tills year at Albert Park. The only other crew entered were the Corio, who were re ported to be in excellent form. The local crew consisted of R. Patterson (how), A. Rcddan, T. Beil, G. Currie, M. Hackctt, W. Guerck, H. Currie, W. Ogden (stroke), and J. Richards (cox), The trophies aro ! valued at £32. Messrs E. McRobert and Co. announce that on Tuesday, March 1st, they will com-/ mence a cash clearing sale, which will be ontinued for fourteen days, and that a cuantity of goods will be disposed of at very q»w prises. Alfred Searlc, of Cole street, Williams town, carpenter, is reported insolvent. The causes are attributed to illness of self and wife, and pressure of :a secured creditor. Liabilities, £205 ; assets, £24S ; deficiency, £17. Mr Jaeomb is the assignee. An entertainment entitled “The Ghost ^ will bo given shortly in the Mechanics Institute, according to an announcement elsewhere. ■ The Royal Photographic Studio Company, who arc carrying on business in Cole street, desire attention called to their advertise ment in this issue. - Messrs Robert Hutton and Co. will sell by auction this day at three o’clock, Yarra street^ the surplus'stockof. a contractor. Mr C. Polain, architect and :surveyor, desires attention to his advertisement to the effect that he lias opened an oliicobll.the Advertiser Exchange, where orders for de signing, arbitrating . or .sketching, will he 'received and attended to.. Tho Bathing Company ie now fairly before tho public,'and applications may bo ma^o 'or sliarcB. ' The Minister of Lands has been ippealed to for permission to use the site selected, which occupies 300 feet frontage (to she head), and ho has agreed to let it fora icense fee of .05 for the first year. After the jatlis arc erected and tile Government are , satisfied with their efficiency, a lease for a :crm of years will bo granted. Meanwhile, t is hoped that all residents who have any joncern for the welfare of the town will foil t their duty to take up si.ares and make tbs lompany a going allair. The capital re lumed will not exceed £3000, and the com pany do well in emphasising this fact, for she figures mentioned at first were so ixtrayagantly high as to frighten, many lersuns from investing. Owners of dogs arc reminded that they oust have their animals registered by March, or else they arc liable to prosecution, it was mentioned in our last issue that lumbers of the canine kind were iufesting >ur streets to the danger of persons on lorseback" or driving; and the Inspector, Mr Barnes, is determined that these owners Especially shall pay tho tax required by A seaman named Richard Williams, bc onging to the ketch Nitli, while looking >vcr tho deck railing, on Wednesday cycli ng;-fell asleep, and then dropped into the rater. William Long, a fellow employe, lotiocd the occurrence, as did also Senior sonstablc Morgan, who was near the Stevedore street pier at the time. The Senior-constable put off with a crew, but jy the .time they had reached the ketch. Cuing had rescued his compauion, and was proceeding to assist him on deck. Wil liams was not mucli exhausted after his unplcascnt experience. ^ _ f . The ladies of Williamstown are,invited by advertisement to c.\\-prcss their sympathy with their suffering sisterhood, by assisting at a bazaar proposed to bo held at tho Exhibition building in July next, in aid of the ‘' Convalescent Home for Women.” A meeting of ladies is called for next Thursday afternoon, at three o’clook, to consider the subject. On Tuesday the children attending St. Mary’s school were given a pinic by the Rev Father Watshe. It was held at the Werrihee, and proved very pleasant, not withstanding that the weather was inclined to be oppressive. The children travelled by rail, special carriages having been arranged for attached to the Ballarat train, in which the children took their departure from Newport. The head teacher of the school, Mr Rice was in attendance, and sports and games were pleasantly indulged in until evening. Harvest thanks giving services aro to be held at Holy Trinity Church, Williamstown, on tho first Sunday in March. A meeting of ladies was held at tho vestry room on Monday evening last, when the matter was warmly taken up, and work of decoration allotcd. Donations of fruits, flowers and vegetables will be received at the church on Friday evening, March 5th, irom six to eight p.m. The offertory will be in aid of tho parsonage building fund. Tho Temperance bodies intend building a large hall at the corner of Pasco and Elccira streets, in front of tho Wesleyan church. A deputation introduced by Messrs Roberts and Reaver M’s.L.C., and Mr A.' T.‘ .Clark, waited on the Minister of Lands on Tuesday, to ask for permission to offer the land as security for some of the money required to go on with tho building. The Minister promised to take the necessary steps to give effect to the wish of the deputation; The building proposed to be erected is to be of brick, and will contain a reading room and other conveniences. •• On Wednesday, Thursday nnd Friday next, Mr F. M. Clark's Silk Stockings Company will give performances in the Mechanics’ Institute. The troupe com prise the artists who have drawn such crowded hodsosi to the Victoria Hall during the last sixteen or eighteen months, including Miss Nora -Tullock, Miss Nellie Wilson and Messrs Walsh and King. On their last visit here Mr Clark’s company .drew large, attendances will no doubt do so The Williamstown Rowing Club also won the Sommers’ Challenge Cup at the Barwou regatta, on Wednesday last. If won once more it will be their property. - The prize is the gift of Mr W. Sommers, who, last year, was. Mayor, of, Geelong. It is worth £10 •The -'Williamstown Senior Eight led the whole .way, and their opponents (the Corio) never‘ at any time appoared to be in the race. The winners obtained a length ahead when a short distance had been traversed, which was '.increased to three lengths towards the finish. Tho men were in the pink of condition, being the same team who won the Senior Eight-oared race at Albert Park. At Ballarat yesterday tho Williamstown had a walk over for tho senior eight, the Corio byen:refusing to row. Tho business of the bookmakers at the Williamstown races was interrupted on Wednesday by the intrusion of a snake about four feet in length, while the book makers were making bets on one of the ovents. The ; reptile’s life stood at short odds amongst the members of the ring, and his snakeship was despatched before he proceeded far. Mr T. F. Johnson will sell by auction this -afternoon; cottage properties and laud in Pentland, Macquarie and Russell streets; also in Alma terrace. Messrs Clark and Smith will hold ihcir usual sale of furniture’ at their rooms on jWednesday next. 