TTJEP GOSSIP. By Augur. The declaration of the weights for the Oaulfieid Cup has given the doable eventers an opportunity of plying their pencils, and the odds of 1,000 to 1 have been pretty freely accepted by those who delight in this system of wagering. On the whole I don't think it is so happy an effort as the Melbourne Cap. Being only a mile and a half Mr. Barnard was qaite right in commencing at 4lh. heavier, bat when doing soeverything except the three-year-olds Below 8st should have been pat from Clix to fib. Honeydew has been placed next to the top weight, and so brilliant a performer was well entitled to the 9st 61b. allotted him, but over a mile and a half I think Isonomy is even a greater animal, and should nave had 9st 71b., for while the South Australian horse is entitled to every consideration in a race of two miles, he is undoubtedly one of the best animals in Australia over a course half a mile shorter. At Caulfield he cleverly defeated Malua and a number of other hightdoss performers in a mile and a furlong race, and then at Fiem ington he carried off the Melbourne Stakes* against a good field. True, Boolka ran a dead heat with him, bat Isonomy undoubtedly ought to have won, and in the rnn-off proved how superior be was by beating his opponent b> three lengths, in the fast time of 2min. lQfsec., or two seconds faster than the mile and a quarter was run in the first attempt My own impression is that at weight for age Isonomy Is nearly, if not quite, as good as either Nelson or Trenton at any diBt&nce; up to a mile and a half, aud if the three horses meet in the Melbourne Stakes ; he Will prove it Therefore I regard him as one of the most dangerous horses engaged in the Canlfield Cup. Below blip Fryingpan strikes me as a very weU used horse. YVhat sort of a mile and a half would be run if he were in the same condition hh was when on that memorable day he was handicapped at9st 41b., and ran second to Kit Nubbles in the Veteran Stakes. The race .Was ran in a storm of wind and rain, and wbenPowcr returned to weigh he drew tbl uale atbver 10st., yet the race waa run in Ante. 4Ssea; or if the Fan were in the same form as when he carried Sst 91b; and won ^^ic|p|kpyiji^^tip^one mile and a carried in tb^UudW^W,**en he ran second to BenBwtSfwwon with 7at mb. ppoh his ba^ Wlpet is raised 131b., ao tbat SUverntine megtehim onfilb. better termjs. and seeingthat BOO Bolt defeated him by a gnort the best Of the hf.il on ' lirdupon that isiore, and aa .beboudinouey, be dyantag^and were ehontdexpectthe inhnd .'•hi® remember tliht Meteor carried lOat. '41b. to her 7st., and ran her to a length in the Welter Handicap, rati at the A. J.C. Spring Meeting, bat this was a mile and a quarter only, and subsequently Industry carried 7st. 51b. and beat The Jewel 8st lllb. rather easily in the Sydney Handicap^ one mile and a half, run in 2min. 39sec., which shows that the mare can get the distance. It was not half a bad performance on the part of The Jewel either, and as he now has 51b. less and Industry 121b. more, Mr. Mayo's colt should have something to say at the finish. Koliai at Sat. 31b. doesn't look out of it, and then my eye runs down to Recall, a real good! horse when well, and more at home, I perhaps, over a mile and a half than | two miles. Everybody would be glad to Bee Mr. Robert Orr victorious in such a race, and if he should be in this, there will be a high old time at Ballarat, especially in the vicinity of Lake Wendouree. I notice that Mr. Barnard has placed Lord William lib. above Bravo, yet I should fancy these two more for the Melbourne Cap. Hortense is raised 31b. on her Melbourne Cup weight, but if it was necessary to raise the three year olds at ull, which I question, seeing that the race will be run in October, surely those that have not started were just as much entitled to be raised as the others, but they remain at 6st. 121b. Rufus and Mozart would have a rare show at 7st. 91b. each if they could be brought back to their old form, and The Levite reads well at 7st 81b., but I prefer Meteor, who won the Hawkesbury Handicap like a racehorse in 2min. 37£sec. upon that occasion he carried 7st. 21b., and won by six lengths, but he gained a great advantage rounding the home turn. Still it was a brilliant performance, and The Jewel, who was second to him, gave him 81b. Now the eon of Goldsborough concedes 121b., so that on that performance Meteor would appear to have much the best of it, yet The Jewel im proved considerably afterwards, and Mr. Barnard, I presume, makes allowance for it. Glancing further down my eye stops at The Nun, who is well in at 7st 41b., and if Mr. J. D. Robinson succeeds in training her as successfully as when she won the Oaks so easily, and ran the mile and a half in 2min. 45sec., she ought to make a bold bid for vic tory. Latterly the filly has not shone toad vantage, and it is said that she has turned jade as most fillies do, but I've a better opinion of the sex than some people have, and believing her to be more constant than her detractors declare her to be, I shall be disappointed if she does not some day break the long run of ill luck which has attended her owner, and it may be in the Canlfield Cup. Neither Lord W. Beresford nor Mr. Weeks can complain of Myall King's weight, fist 121b., and Chicago. 6at lllb. reads well; bnt best of all the light weights, Too Too, who, it will be remembered, was running in a forward position when she fell on that day when the terrible accident occurred. Her weight then was fist 41b., or a pound less than she now has to carry. To Bam up the baker's dozen that I fancy moBt are Isonomy, Fryingpan, Silvermine, Ben Bolt, Britisher, Recall, Mozart, Meteor, The Nnn, Menotti, Fernandez, Bedouin, aud Too Too. • x The Mayor of Mount Gambier,Mr.Thurston, is erecting a monument to Lindsay Gordon on the spot where the poet on horeeback made a memorable leap, which has been the wonder of ali who have visited the spot Mr. Thurston has not quite sufficient funds to complete the task, some £20 being required. Here is an opportunity for some of the ad mirers of the deceased poet and sportsman to show some practical sympathy. Mr. M. Fennelly returned to Sydney by the Maranoa. I am glad to say that there were signs of improvement in him during bis stay here, and he gained a pound or two in flesh, bnt still few people who knew him as the bnrly, florid-faced trainer of the Hon. James White's cracks would recognise him. From 18st. 51b. he bad reduced to list, and his friends can readily imagine what a change such a reduction in weight must have effected in him. Daring his stay at the London Tavern, I called and had several chats with him, and was glad to find him in excellent! spirits, ever ready to converse npon turf topics, and especially the giants of the turf that he had trained. With thousands of others I have fancied that the best animal! that be ever had nnder his (are was Trident; but Mr. Fennelly, without the slightest hesitation, pronounced Nordenfelt the greatest horse that he ever put through a preparation. He considered his .Cud performance, ;when Sheet 'Anchor won, as the greatest ever achieved by a three year old, for had he not been badly interfered with no less than three times in the race he would most assuredly have won, and he was receiving only a few pounds from three Bach animals aa Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, and Trenton, close behind whom he was at the ' finish. I remember several of the jockeys who rode in the race having declared that the colt would have won bnt for the knocking about he received from those who seemed bent upon stopping the favourite. His defeat by Trenton Mr. Fennelly explains by an assarance that the colt conld not make bis own ranning. Even ,38 it was he would have won if Robertson hadn't brought Trenton eo close alongside him as to prevent Ellis raising his whip. With something to make a desperate pace for him over a distance he considers there was nothing able to cope with him. Trident, on the contrary, can make his own running vnthout difficulty. I believe it is Mr. Fennelly's intention to retire into private life, and in all probability he will dispose of hts establishment to the Hon. James White. - It is without doubt the most complete in the Southern Hemisphere, and admirers of a straightforward and honeBt trainer will regret that its present proprietor is compelled by ill health to give un its super intendence. Eiridapord, who won the Epsom Grand Prize of 1,000 sovereigns, iB by the. celebrated Isonomy, and on the dam's side he is closely related to some of our best Australian per formers. His mother Sonsie Queen is by Musket, the sire of Martini-Henry, Norden felt, &c;, from Highland Lassie, by Caterer or Stockwell from Glengowrie, by Touchstone from Glencaimh. Glengowrie was the dam of Fron Fron, the dam ot Wellington, and there can be ho doubt Mr.-J. V. Smith exercised a wise discretion when he purchased Fron Frou and her daughters. For soYne time I have "been ondfer Che impression that English courses have been measqred from the centre of the trhok in stead of three feet from the oourse action bjr the English Jock# Clot: to prove that this opinion was jolt nutabers of the courses the start'"* not defined. &nd; raoth have Ih s'tsl^ffinG^Si tfiesSi ol the suring a track in the centre instead of three, feet from the posts the competitors near the rails would run over 100 yards short in a couple of miles. Under such circumstances it would not be difficult to get mto the twenties There was a scare among a certain section of the bookmakers when it became known that many of them, on applying for regis tration by the V.R.C., would be called upon to give an account ot their financial position. The examination took place on Monday,' and 1 believe several were called upon to find guarantees. In acting thus the V.R.C. was only studying the interests of its best sup porters, the public. Several inquiries have been made respect ing Silver Prince's performances. The colt is by the imported horse Anterosfrom Sylvia, the dam of Goldsborough, Robin Hooa, and Martini-Henry, and was bred by the New Zealand Stud Company, with whose other yearlings he was forwarded to Sydney. He was not built upon the same lines as his other relatives, and the general opinion was unfavourable. A fair price was not forth coming, and though he was in Mr. Fennelly's stable ior a tinffe, the Hon. James White would not purchese him, and be was returned to New Zealand, Even there he did not have many friends, his appearance being against him. He was, however, put into work, and at three years old he made his deb&t; in the Maiden Plate run at the Auck land Summer Meeting, in which he ran as Mr. E. Kelley's, and finished third to Lady. Norab, who won easily by two lengths. This was not a very promising commencement, but subsequently be attracted the attention of that shrewd judge, the Hon. William Robinson, whose eagle eye detected some good in the colt, and he became his owner. He was then taken to Dunedin, and at the Autumn Meeting he was considered a good thing for the Dunedin Jockey Club Handicap, in which he carried 6st. 101b., but he had his head the wrong way when the flag fell, and could never get near the leaders. On the last day of the meeting, however, he carried Gst in the Forbury Handicap, and won pretty easily, running the mile and a quarter in 2min. 14^sec. An hour later he came out with 7st, 91b. and won the Flying Handicap, one mile, in lmin. 47£sec. There is nothing very startling in these perform ances, but when you see a son of old Sylvia showing galloping ability, depend upon it he'll improve as he advances in age, and it will be a disappointment tome if this colt does not ripen into a real good animaL Hie weight, 7sfc Sib. is only that of a three year old, and should nothing happen to interfere with bis preparation, he ought to gladden tbe heart of Mr. llobinson by winning a rich prize for him next season. I believe the 10,000 to 500 taken about the colt for the Melbourne Cup was on behalf of his owner, and should he win a good many more thou sands will find their way to New Zealand, for numerous shrewd judges of the southern colony have invested money in his favour. Thanks to the totalisator the Tasmanian Racing Club is in a much better monetary position than it was this time last year. . The annual meeting was held on Monday evening, when the balance-sheet showed a profit ot £560, which is much better than last year. The Hon. John Lord was again elected presi dent, and Dr. Agnew and Messrs E. P. Wilson and Joseph Clarke vice-presidents ; Mr. West wood secretary, and Mr. A. P. Miller treasurer. With such an encouraging result before them, the members of committee should not fail to increase their Btakes for the next summer meeting. The Hon. James White, who was suffering from a rather sharp attack of illness, has recovered sufficiently to be able to get about again. Eildare has for some time been in the mouth of everybody who takes any interest in the Grand National Steeplechase to be run under the auspices of the V. R.C. The " dead bird" theory bas been advanced ih his case,. but it may not prove Buch excellent " game" as the stabla provided for its supporters last year, when the grand old son of Panic made his first appearance in a steeplechase and won the Grand National. He had previously been over hurdles, but I think Kildare's jump ing has been confined to the schooling he has received at Ballarat. He is a New South Wales bred horse, and under the name of Boreas, I understand he won a flat race or two in the sister colony before he eaine into Corrigan's hands. The popular cross country horseman fancied he would make a steeple chaser, and schooled him for the business, at whicn he proved an adept, Shaping well in the hunting field and over the schooling fences, so well indeed that Corrigan thought he had a mortgage on the Maiden Steeple-, chase of last year, bnt he met with an acci dent which prevented him appearing. He was given a Bpell and then prepared for the Grand National, and if the betting is any cri terion he ought to be in the front rank on the eventful day. He is, however, a far different horse to Gairite, who posseBses much' more power, but he » a clever fencer, and his condition will be quite up to Ballarat Grand National form. I saw him and Moss trooper jump while I was at Dowling Forest a short time ago, and though the latter seemed' to jump the first two tehees quicker, Kildare was all there during the remainder of the journey. When he pulled up he seemed ex cited, and if he should jumpat ail wikiiy nest Saturday the.big fences of -'leminslon may prove too xbuph for him. T! s'able also b?s (Same, Dr&gon;, ana Promoti . uigaged, .ind should anything happen tot" m vonriie cue of these will have to be ca pon to do. duty. In any case if one of he last-named trio should start he wili 1 ' his vrorih, Lizette, Mefnder, Royal Cu\ b* ' .-rat others will have their say-in the matter, so that the great^umping even' is not the cer tainty the betting Would indicate. I've Btiil a fondness for Friction for the ITutdle Race, because I'm not quite certain about Sophie's pair, Blue Mountain and Sir Lancelot, being Suite themselves. Many good judges invour re chances of Aristides, & moat improved horse certainly, hut I doubt if he is a better animal titan Friction, who' meets him lit a great advantage in the weights. , The New Zealand horses Too Scon and Qneenie have both arrived in Sydney. The Albary Marea* Produce Stakes closed with ad ehtryoi 38. Mr, S. Miller has nomit mated a couple, one being a colt by Dante f rom Glyfclmne.and tiie otnera filly by Rich mond womBlne 8eU- There ia one nomi •ttd mo«t ot tifo'othw# ate from counter, 9wnere.^ I notice (oat in toe liat there is a for the grand stand bars arid saddling pad dock bars was accepted) the term ueing three years. Mr. G. Kirk's tender for the oyster bar was also accepted. An application in reference to the error in Louise's nomination for the Melbourne Cup wbb not entertained. The use of the course was granted for the Meibourne Hunt Club Meeting on the 1st of October. On Wednesday and Friday next the Hay Winter Meeting will take place, and there is every prospect of a most interesting meet ing. Owners of horses are reminded that the general entries close to-day, when the final payments lor the following items will also have to be made :—Hurdle Race, 10s.; Mem bers' Cup, 10s.; Huy Jockey Club Handicap, 2 sovs.; tvde Stakes, entry 1 sov.; Maiden Plate, 2 sovs.; Bracelet, 1 sov.: Winter Han dicaps sovs.; and Prince of Wales Stakes, £2 10s. All communications will have to be forwarded to the secretary, Mr. W. T. Hills. The Hawkesbury Guineas of 1SSS has Ailed with -1(5 entries. From Tasmania I learn that the sporting medico who races under the nom <?<.. craw oi "Mr. Gilbert" has purchased the colt -Stone henge, by The Assyrian from The Queen, by King Cole from Trupanina, by Fisherman. This colt was bred by Mr. Sydney Page, after whose estate he was named, and his breeding justifies bis owner in expecting Bomething from him. The worthy doctor comes from a sporting family, and is very popular in the island colony, where the suc ceed of his colours is always received with enthusiasm. One of the best animals that ever ran in Queensland is undoubtedly My Love, who is by Yattendon from My Fancy. For years 1 she has been running and winning in the I northern colony, and at the late Rockhauapton j meeting she still further added to her long j list of victories by carrying Sst. 131b. and winning the Port Curtis Handicap, and on the Bame any with fist. 121b. up she won the Seven Furlongs Handicap. The chief event of the meeting was the Rockhampton Handi cap, which was won by Newbold's brother Goldenstone, who carried 6stUib., nnd next to him was Yabba, who had 9=t. 71b. It is said that there was some very suspicious riding at the meeting, but the stewards took no action. It is understood, I believe, that TL Batty will ride Friction in the Grand National Hurdle Race and Lizctte in the Steeplechase. There seems to be some doubt as to what Corrigan will be on. If Dragon starts for the Hurdle Race, I suppose he will have the mount, but in his absence I don't know what he wii! ride, unless it be Aristides. In the Steeplechase, if Game doesn't start, I presume Corrigan will steer Kil dare. Scobie will be on whichever of his comes to the post for the Hurdle Race, and the better of the two should take a deal of beating: and if Promotion goes for the Steeplechase, probably he will have charge of him. Mr. George Law arrived from Tasmania on Tuesday with the steeplechaser Flashlight, who is engaged in the Grand National Steeple chose. Mr. J. Wbitty, a brother of Mr. Mark Whitty's, died last week. The deceased was well-known in the North-Eastern district, of which he had been a resident for many years. Messrs. W. C. Yuiile and Co. will on Fri day next, at their yards, Newmarket, offer the whole of Mr. J. G. Dufifetl's, jun., horses in training. They cousist of 10 lots, the first on the li9t being Golden Fleece, a very nice two-year-old filly by Garner from Phoebe. Next comes Kitty Fisher, a rarely- bred three-year-old '.by Robinson Crnsoe from Lady Spco. and as she has shown a bit of form sue should be worth the attention oi anybody on the look out for a uselul three year-old likely ta make a good brood marc alter her racing career is over. Gadfly, who once or twice displayed brilliant form, is a relative of Malua's, and so is Lithologist, a two-year-old colt by Lapidist from Daphne. Marlborough, by Robinson Crusoe from Dagmar, is another whose breeding is of the highest class. Empress, a full sister to The Marrb'ooess, is spoken of as a promising mure, and Grace Darling's doings are too well known to need repetition; saflice it to say that she won the Caulfield Cop, and ought to hare won the Melbourne Cap. Bar One, The Ghost, and Tumult are alBO well known performers. On the same day there will be submitted Mr. C. S. Agnew's two horses. The Knave and Bothwell. The former bos won many races in Tasmania, and the latter ran second to Silverton, for whom Mr. W. Bailey gave 800 guineas; There will also be disposed of the Queensland horse Preston, a very fair performer in his own country, and who is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at Osl. 121 b.; Sea Nymph, a handsome yearling filly by Suwarrow from Sea Shell ; and the well-known stud horse Columbus, who was one of the best racehorses of his day, and should be fit for a place in any atua. The lust on the list is Mimulus, a three-year-old filly by VVollomai Ifom Cass/. No more brilliant horse than Malua ever trod the turf, and breeders who are on the look-out forla-sire to put them to cannot go wrppg in sending them to the son of St Albans. . Malua wok -indeed an exceptional horse, for with extraordiuary speed he also possessed great staying powers, as witness his Aus trian Cop victory. X should like to see instil a dozen imported mares put to. this hone, because I think the union would he certain in result yr the production of a great racehorsie. Mr. Inpis has wisely restricted him tolOmares beside" hisown, so that there is ho chance of the horse being overdone. Mares vflU be &cF;'i6t ^either Bacchus Marsh or andsll'Jnformation can be obtained irotc Mf. IngUs, ohhlsagents, Messrs. W. C. Ypfile bnd Cq„ Xi|k'B Bazaar. : " . :By - f> Mr. 3, IS. Worreli. the toon, t'taretei^bf^axter's Flat Race. Club, ea St» for.l&B;&js.; hp to the 19th J aly for the jw^ tL' foecoatee for a term of three or five [Tins is considered an excellent op ome^of offr trainers foneenre Sl - J'rtEogd training fttotttid. In ihydays.when half the grounds — —tfce b5nt was decided that the annual spring meeting should take place on the 16th, 17th, and 18th November, a fortnight after the Melbourne Cup. The total added money is to be £1,615. It was decided that the IVagga Gold Cup should be reduced to a mile and & half, and that the race should be run on the second instead ot the first day. The Grand Stand Handicap will be a mile and the Town Plate a mile and a quarter. The gold cup will be Eresented by Mr. John King, and a bracelet y Mr. George Wilson. In consequence of the Elsternwiclc-park racecourse being under water last Saturday it was deemed advisable to postpone the meet ing until Friday, but as there was not much prospect of the course being fit to run upon then it has -been since lurther ,'postponcd until Tuesday next In consequence of the state of the course, the Lilydale meeting had to be postponed until Wednesday next, July 13. 1\. Foulsham is making preparation to leave for Sydney, and I hear that Mr. L. C. Miicdonald is in treaty for a lease of his Caul liehi premises. Mr. W. Cooper has purchased Allsop's stables, at Lower ltandwick. and thither his string of horses will shortly go. In securing Foulsham Mr. Cooper has ob tained one of our cleverest trainers, and, whatever his faults may be, he bears the reputation of always having been loyal to his employers. He has now a string of horses such as he never possessed before, and I'm sure he will do full justice to them. Some surprise has been expressed at the request of Louise's owner to amend her entry not being entertained by the V. Jt.C. The ex nlnnation is that Mr. Barnard handicapped her under the impression that ehe was a three-year-old, so that the committee bad no alternative hut to refuse. The nomination of j Kangaroo for the Grand Natioual Steeple chase also was wrong, he having been entered as a five instead of a four-year-old, but notice was given before the weights ap peared, and the error was rectified. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co.' will on Wednesday next dispose ot the chestudt gelding Switzerland, who ha9 gained some fame as n hunter and hy winning jumping prizes at the West Bourke and Dandenong shows. He also took third prize at the exhi bition of jumping which took place in Sydney a short time ago. Another meetin® is to be held at Hnrling hnm-park on Friday, July 29. Full parti culars will be found in the advertising columns. Weather permitting, Mr. Cox will invite his patrons to Moonee Valley this afternoon. The ball will open with the Trial Stakes, which may end in aTrood race between Joyful, l'ancy Free, and Whitebait. Spartan or Leporello ought to win the Selling Hurdle Race ; Lady's Maid, Carnival, and Azuline may fill the places in the Oakland's Handi cap ; Fickle. Flashlight, and Marquis of Waterford in the Steeplechase ; Liddfngton, Carnival, and Gay Lad in the Selling Race ; and Success, Ohilde Harold, and Sirocco in ' the July Handicap. The principal transactions this week in connection with the wagering on the Grand j National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase baa j been the support awarded to Friction for the former, and Kildare for the latter. Kildare j has been in great demand for the big jumps, 3 to 1 having been taken freely, and now little above 2 to 1 is offered. Garter King, a very promising yearling brother to Escutcheon, broke his pastern on Thursday afternoon, and had to be de stroyed. . This colt was the property of the Hon. E. Mitchelson, who purchased iiim at the New Zealand Stud Company's sale for 490 guineas, and placed him in Mr. W. E. Dakih's hands to be trained for the Maribyr nong Plate and other events in which he was engaged. The accixlent occurred in a very simple manner. The tracks, owing to the late rains, were not in a very sound state, and with others the colt was cantering on the grass inside the course proper, wheu he placed one of his feet in a small hole and smashed the pastern so badly that it was only humane to put him out of his misery. Fortune has not smiled on Mr. Dakin of late, hut this has been the most serious blow of ail, for Garter King gave promise of being a first-class colt He was by Musket from Rosette, by Lord Lyon from Rouge Rose, by Thormanby. The plunger Benzon lost about £12,000 on the English Derby, One bookmaker who had some time before the race laid him 5,000 to 2,000 against The Baron, gave him £1,500 to scratch the wager. At a meeting of the committee of the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club on Thursday, the amended entry of Louise for the Caulfield Cup was accepted. : She was nominated as a three year old instead of a four, and the mis take was discovered before the weights made their appearance. \Mr. Barnard was made aware of the error,land handicapped her a her proper age, but lie has raised her only 5!b. on her Melbourne Cap weight, and as moat of the others are raised in a similar ratio, the handicapper\doe8 not appear to have made much allowance for the extra year, , The Knave, Pocahontas, Bothwell, Kanga roo, and Repose arrived from Tasmania yesterday. Pocahontas, who.is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap, has gone to Mr. Talbot's stable, Queensclift Kangaroo IS engaged in the Grand National Steeple chase. SckATCursos.—V.R.C. —Flat Race—louiso. Matden j Hurdle ltace—Fede:ation. : Etstemwick-park Uabdi e»p~-Vcrn)ont, 