HALF-HOLIDAY SPORTS. + Thk coming in force of the general ogroc mont providing for a weekly half-holiday (on Thursday afternoon) wns signalized by the holdini* of a BportB meeting, under the auspices of tlio newly-formed Half-holiday Association. The weather was most favor able, for though tlio (.lay broke cloud Icfs and warm, in the early afternoon an agreeable easterly breeze sprang up, and a light veil of clouds torved to deprive tho sunlight of much of tho bliuding glare experienced during tho earlier part of tlio day. The success of the mooting was most pronouncod —perhaps oven beyond the most sanguino expectations—and the attendance probably was not short of GOO. The first-class pro gramme was carricd out to the letter, and with such commoudable system ami punctuality that tho score of eveuts sot down were in tho allotted three and a quarter hours almost to tho minuto. A margin of fifteen minutes at tho closo had been allowed forcontingencies, but so little was this infringed on that ample time offered itself before Eix o'clock for a scratch hurdlo race, which was not the least interesting event of the day. The Secretaries (Messrs. Atkin and Kerrigan) oro to be com plimented on their most successful conduct of affairs. Mr York (assisted by Mr J. M'Alpin) officiated as judge, but the duties wero not onerous, tho result of the events inevory case being beyond disputo. Mr Coughlan acted as starter, and to Ilia efficiency is largoly due the fact that though in tho programme the events crowded one on another (with only n nominal interval between them) thoro was neithor confusion nor dissatisfaction, and the whole were got through within five minutes of tho lime allowed. The Singloton Band ocoupied its proper paviliou in tho centre of tho course, and from lime to time con tributed several well-played selections, which served to cmhanco tho general enjoymont of tho outing. The protests entered by dissatis fied competitors wero rather abovo the avorage, but except in one ease all were withdrawn, In tho walking mate'', however, a successful protest was lodged against tho men who came" in lir?t and second (J, J. Moloney and B. H. Sparkes), and the priza was awarded to J. Decent (a young lad from the local Grammar School), whose walking was universally admired, The disqualifica tion of Maloney and Sparkes, however, wa? most unfair, and by no means met with general approvol; and it was held by the majority of those present that neither of tho men reforred to ovorpassod tho bounds of legitimate walking. Tho one defect in tho general management of affairs may bo here alluded to, viz., that no list of officials appearod in the official pro gramme, though we understand the appoint ed been regularly made. J'his omission led to some confusion at times, and, under the circumstances, wo find it impossible to refer particularly to the minor officials, on whose zealous discharge of the duties devolving ou them tho success of tho meeting laTgely turned. Tho programme [opened with three foot racing contestn, after which, nt 4 p.ni., tho bicycle races wero entered upon, Tho heats of one milo handicap having been con tested, the walking mntch was called on, at thoclo)e of which tho great cycling event of the day—the two miles handicap—took place ( Rather to the surprise of most, J. J. B. Swinbo'irno (uf Mnitlnnd), with. 150 ynrdp," who rushed to the front enrly in the moo, came iv a winner by about 90 yard?, Roilly (90 yards) second, the two scratch men practising some sucidnl tactics which left tbeni ut his mercy in tho la?t lap. Tho children's tricycle raco was won b> Reginald llobiuaon (100 yards). Tho little mites ahoad wero soon by tho senior division, nnd tho result win a foregone cnc'uaion beforo ono lap had been covorei. The half-milo obstacle scratch rnca provoked some amuse ment, but wna not particularly appreciated, and n Btrnight forward cycle race would pos sibly havo been more to the mind of tho public. Tbo fact that neither in any boat nor in tiro final wns theic the "ghost" of n real contest townrds tho close, deprived the event of interest, aud thic only real ontertniument waa that which'resulted from the di?OOinfitura of the losing men at tho hurdles or tho troubles of the competitors in tho half lap in which 4hey had to carry thoir respective machine's. The event was morally a gift to Acres, who was never challenged. The final hont of tho -, ouo-mile handicap went to Curtis, who, with .! 90 yards, lod throughout, though pressed ? towards tho finish by Acres (scratch) who I camo in nn excellent second. . Tho details of i thn events nro as follow :— ; 100 yards YOUTII'B HANDICAP Footbaob (under 17 years). First Heat. - , W. York, 8 yards I Jna M'Millan,scratch...... 2 I Second Heat, i F. Norton, 4 yards ~..., 1 : W. Shcohnn, 8 yards 2 ) Final. t F.Norton 1 W.York f W. Sheohnn... j t Dend boat. I Tho final was an excellently contested race, > espocinlly na rogardcl tho threo aspirants for > second plnoe. Sliuchan ran very s gamely ngaiuat his bigger competitors, and i the threo wore almost in a bunch whori tho. i tupo was breasted j Norton boing a couple of . ynrds in front. Timo, 10} sees. Tho ruu-oH i for sooond place will tako place noxt Thurs ? day. . i 120 ynrds Half Holiday Handicap Foot r back. r G. Coo, 8 yard? 1 I M, Doohan, scratch ~ 2 1 .?'?'??? Second Heat. > J Atkin, junr, 9 yards '.. 1 ) W. Maguiro, soratch , 2 . i Final. Atkiu. 1 i Coo 2 Tho four placed men started, but Atkin, r whoso runuiug powers wore an unknown i quality to the officials at the timo of 1 handicapping, more than held his own, and i with n start of a clear yard from Coo camo ,in nn easy winner. Tho scratch men > (Maguiro and Doohan) were never in it. i Timo, 12$ sees, i 120 yard All Comers Handicap Footbaoe. First Heat. ? > Jn?. Wilks, 8 yards 1 ! Jno. Lynch, 0 yards 2 i Second Heat. Chas. York, Byards 1 '?' Tho?. Doohan, 3 yards 2 Final. i Wilks 1 r Lynoh ........{Kvrt;......... 2 The good running''andrelS<iy win of Wilks r in tho first heat made h'im*£big favourite for I tho final, nnd eveuts justified tho general : anticipations, Lynch being in fairly closo > attendance. Time, 12J aces. One Mile Bicycle Handicap. V ', 1 First Heat. '"'? ? ; R. Acres, scrntch ...... -.I- ,*-- i W. Buchnnnn, 80 yards..-,,........ 2. :?' r J. Atkin juu., W. A. Kerrigan, and J. J. R. j Swiubaurno also started. Tho' last-named i met with nn nooidout early in tho race and > retired. Tbo race wns thon a gift to Acres, Buchanan being tho only ouo whom he found r tho lenst difficulty in over-running. Time, , 3 mm, 28 sees. j; ' Second Heat. ' ' r > W. Tipper, scratch ;.,.....! . E. Curtis, 30.yards 2 J. Reilly, A. York, nnd M. A. Anderson 1 aleo started, but.two of the threo were soon . out of it, Reilly alone riding woll after tbe s lenders. Tho race was soon ono between \- Tippor aud Curtis, and tho riding of the i Maitland man, which was much admired, 1 proviog too good for that of tho S. B. C's. 3 reproaontntive, the men enrao in tho order ) named. Time, 3 mm, 13 seca. , A protest was lodged by Reilly against , Tipper in tho second heat of tho one-milo bioycle race, on tho ground tbat tbo latter's assistant had gone ovor tho scratch in starting his man, but it wns ultimately withdrawn. Third Heat. T. A. Maguiro, 30 yards 1 R. Moaso, 50 ynrds 2 0\. Auderson sud F. Atkiii?oa also startod. ' Maguire wna reckoned tho best of the four. > Atkinson was soon in difficulties, nnd towards the closo of tho rnoe Maguiro nud Moaso in ? succession pnssed Andcraou, and tho raoe was 1 virtually ovor. Time, 3 mm. 21 sees, J One Mile Walk Handicap. ? J. Deoeut, 100 yards 1 Tina. Doohan, 7G yards 2 [ J. J. Mnloncy scratch, and fc>. H. Sparkes ? 50 ynrds, who camo in first and nec?nd 1 respectively, wcro disqualified by the reforees 1 on a protost from Decent. E. L. Reuben (50 yardsj M. Doohan (60 yards) J. Hopkins (80 yards), J. L. Lynch (100 yards) and H. ? Farmer (120 ynrds) nlso started. Heuban 1 wns hopelessly out of it bsforc one lap had 1 bom dealt with. Decoat and Sparkes forged steadily to tho front, whilo Maloney was getting through hia nion without trouble, and gaining upon the leaders every yard of tho ! jjurhey. Towards the end of the contest Mnlonoy wns woll iv front, Sparkes next, Decont clobo up, and in this order thoy passed tho stand. A protest waa, later in tho nfteruoou, entered ngainst Maloney ond Sparkes "for breaking. Tho protest was upheld by tbo referees, Messrs M'Alpin, Whitelaw nnd Hookvvny, but tho committeo decided to award Maloney a special prize. Time, 8 mm. 32 sees, Two Miles Bicycle Handicap. J. J. R. Swinbourno, 150 yards... 1 J. Reilly, 90 yards 2 U. Acres, scratch „ 3 W. Tipper (scratch), W. A. Kerrigan (80 yards), A. York (110 yards), and E. Curtis (180 yarJs) also Btarted, York soon had enough nod retired, followed by Kerrignu. Curtis did not show to advantage in tho long distauce. It next bocamo evident thnt Tipper and Acres wero each trying to shake the other off, while Reilly was cautiously hanging on a length or losa behind. In the Inst lap Sivinbourne was about 100 yards ohoad. Reilly then put on a vigorous spurt, ar>d pnsaing the spent men with whom ho hnd hitherto been in otmpany pushed for n good bocoikl place, Swinbonrne eventually won by nbout 90 yards, and Roilly wns Borne ynrd? nho.id of Acrea and Curtis. Time, 7 mm. 28 seca, Two Laps Cuilduen's Tricycle Race. Beg. Robiuson, 100 yard? 1 11\. Robinson, 80 ynrds ~ 2 Horace Brow no, 80 yards 3 Abaut a dozen youngsters at?rted, and tho tiny wheels worked by the tiny foot wero soon going all over tho oourse. Reg. Robinson, however, cut down the loaders. Tho contest wns a pretty audit, the littlo com potitora p'uekily sticking to their work throughout. But thn ''allowanced men" beyoul the 100 yards had no obanco agnio&t; their elder?, and the exportucss of a few of them told boforo tho*raca waa half over. Horace Brown wa? a fair third. Half: Mile Obstacle Bicycle Race. Four hurdles. (First lap ride machiue, next hnlf-lap mi) with it, noxt hnlf-lap carry it, last lap cloar race homo). ; -??'?? First Heat, R. Acrp3 —, , 1 A, York 2 i _„ Second Heat, W. 'Buchanan „ 1 ? J.JAtkinjan., ?..„ .-.., 2 Ibird Heat, R, Burns '..V..,, 1 Finn), X, Aoros ; 1 R. Burns 2 Tho (strain this rnco entailed on the men was mo-t 60vore, and Acres was the only one who showed to advantage throughout, Only Burns would meet him in tho final, and tho result left Acres a winner by n wholo lap. One Mile Bicycle Handicap. Final iloat. K. Curtis, 00 yards I H. Acres, scratch 2 The six placed iucu duly started, hut Ourtiskept tlio lend throughout. Buchanan challenged him whon about" halfrway' and ihow up noiriy level, but afterwards foil back, nnd wns complolcly out of it.. Acros hnd gradually overhauled tho others and gave chaso to Curtis', nnd tbo race was by co'meaus woa till tho last wero ontcrjd on. Acres was then about threo yards to the bad, sud though he creot up a few inohes bafore the pos*. was roacuel, ho bad to be coutent with second placo; Time, 3 mm. 10 sees, -....' It wanted now a fow minutes tr. ?;„ . i . 1 and a handicap hurdle r?c o waa I among a few of tho more promising' n P 1 on the ground. Eight Btarted 1 were splendidly taken ball I leaping was, on its merits, ono 0 ? 5? f sights of tho moutin.7 w . the I (60 yards) had raTher'Too %s?s** I allowance, and was nnt #? Jl au k though he had to n?vo h?_sit for? thW * .obstruction, whioh he only i URt t P h , Bfln s l I Doohan (10 yards) was aeeoV 1 . B "fore leaving tho ground tho referees nrm I sS, th \P sgaiuat M*?:; f Sparkes, wtth tho result above B t„ed | In tho , evening, a Smoke Concert toot $ place m tho Temperance Hall. IhmJZ <* very fair attendance of members of the A. I socation. Light refreshments wero Z. j yded .and several appropriate toaatawswi duly honoured and responded to C J trophies won nt tho sports held in the _W 1 noon wore duly handed over to the Bute M M i S C i tU ?% S ? nfi8 ' eto " wtrffll by 1 so?oral of the company, added largely to tha 1 enjoyment of thoso present, Thi m „fi '| was brought to a closo about 10 p.m. ;| 