THE MERCURY. SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1887. THE present Summary for Europe leaves us in the midst of Jubilee preparations, which are going on all over the Colony with" vigour and heartiness. There can be no doubt that the 21st and 22nd of the present month will be celebrated in nearly all the Colonies with thorough loyalty, and with a desire for the unity of the Empire, i which ought to fulfil itself, if there be any truth in the assertion so often made in regard to prophecies. "We say in " nearly " all L the > Colonies, because there seems to be a doubt about the attitude of New South Wales, who is said to have got a very peculiar fit upon her. There appears, for some reason which has never been fully explained, a strong objection on the part of nearly all the leading men of the Colony to do anything which tends to unions and some of them positively have when there is any talk of Intercolonial Federation. Yet, all the time many of them profess to desire Federa- tion of same kind, although nobody can discover the kind that will meet their views,, land all attempts fail to satisfy their aspirations, whilst they decline to propound any scheme of their own. We have a shrewd opinion that the secret of the objection to Intercolonial Federation is to be found in a jealous fear of Victoria, whose energy and progress have always been very distasteful to the people of New South Wales, who seldom lose an opportunity of showing their dislike of the child who insisted on being separated from her parent, and then proceeded to surpass her in every branch of industry. The people of New South Wales, however flatter themselves that they are now gradually , drawing ahead of Victoria, us they are, no doubt, in population, and they seem to be waiting for the time to come when the Parent Colony shall be recognised as the leading one, and can show, the way to all the rest. The contrast between the two Colonies is, certainly, very great, for Victoria ad- heres firmly to protection, and insists that all her success is due to the adop- tion of and persistence in that policy ; whilst New South Wales has just pronounced decidedly in favour of free-trade, and the loading men declare that the policy shall be 'shaped on what most Englishmen regard as orthodox lines. It remains to be seen what the result will be, but the two policies going on side by side can hardly fail to afford a very useful lesson to all students of political economy and practical statesmen. But. the curious part of the development! is, that the dislike to intercolonial 'unity seems to have extended itself to a dislike of all which has a touch of unity in it of any kind, so that there is a coldness about the public celebrations, mainly because the other Colonies, and especially Victoria, are very enthusiastic. In fact, our Victorian friends, whose Parliament has just assembled, have fairly sur- passed all the rest. In (the Assembly the other night, after having passed an address to HER MAJESTY, the members stood up and sung a verse of "God Save the Queen," thus giving the most practical proof of their loyalty. Our own Parliament is not in a session, though, no doubt, when it does meet an address will be passed somewhat late in the day, but we do not think that enthusiasm will be carried so far as on the other side of the Straits. Still, we are as enthusiastic in one way as others are in theirs, and there cannot be a doubt that the whole of the Colonies are thoroughly loyal, not only to HER MAJESTY", but to the Empire, which they would willingly see federated, if only a way to Federation could be found. At the same time, even in the midst of all our loyal demonstrations, it is but right that we should say, that the desire of Federa- tion always pre-supposes a Parliament which shall be truly a Federal one, not the mere presence of a few colonial members in the House of Commons. In this appears to be the difficulty, which we may hope will be overcome as developments in the relations of the Colonies to the Mother Country take place, but it seems as well to make as plain as possible the fact, that there can be no j stable Federation-no true Federation ! at all except by means of a Parliament which shall be representative of the whole of the Federated Empire. Our telegraphic news has informed us that Mr. GLADSTONE has made the (statement that 10,000 citizens of Melbourne have shown their dislike to the ? Crimes Bill, but we, who are somewhat nearer to the side of alleged 'action than he, have heard nothing of the kind. A meeting, mainly composed of Irish, was recently held in Melbourne, at which resolutions condemning the (Crimes Bill were passed, but the meeting can hardly be said to have been one of any great influence. The attitude of the colonists generally towards the Irish problem is one rather [of perplexity than otherwise, for they bear so many contradictory statements that they find a difficulty in making up their minds as to what is the best policy in regard to the unhappy land of cease- less strife. They never entertain any doubts, however, that the law must be carried out. In these Colonies, as in America, there would be very little hesitation in employing military if the civil power failed, for of all things the colonists dread anarchy, and are the least tolerant of it in any form In the earliest days of the Victorian goldfields, when there was a rush of population into the wilderness such as was never seen before, law and order were very quickly enforced, and the criminal class badja very bad and very short time of it indeed. From this it may be fairly concluded that the general opinion of the colonists is, that they are in " favour of what, power is required to enforce the law, though very few would, perhaps, think that they are sufficiently well-informed of the actual facts iii! Ireland to care to express a strong opinion on one side or the other. --- - - - i Our own political life continues to be stagnant, except for an election for a t.0 J J, i i iii h s i o " Glenorchy, caused by the late member, the Speaker of the Assembly, Mr. A. DonsoN.aecoptingtho office of Solicitor General. The candidates before the electors do not differ greatly in opinion, both agreeing to give the present Ministry a fair support, so that the election will, no doubt, turn upon the "Massoud. popularity, of the candidates. The" chief question for next session appears to be taxation, as there is admitted tosses proficiency. in the revenue, and there is a tendency to hold that the, amount required should be served from the land an some shape. There is a _ party in favour of taxing what is called unimproved ' value, of that is, the land 'as. apart as from all the labour devoted to it, and the question will 110, doubt, , be very warmly discussed in; the course of the coming session. At present there does not seem to be any other, important question before the country, if we except legislation for the destruction of the codlin moth which does great damage to our orchards', and,' which with rabbits,, thistles, briars, and tigers ' make up a' list of foes of the cultivator of the soil which "looks, very formidable indeed. Still, we manage to live ; some of us even to make money. i / H/ a i", i I i THE Legislative Assembly of Now, South Wales, has lately acquired an unenviable' notoriety for the violent, character of its debates, leading in some instances to overt acts of rowdyism, which would disgrace a pothouse, and for the frequent resort to obstruc- tive tactics which have effectually blocked "the progress of public business. 'With' the view of pro; viding a remedy for these evils Sir HENRY PARKES introduced a number of what are known as "'close surveyor "'creature " resolutions similar] to those that it has been found necessary to adopt in the English House of Commons' for the better conduct of public business.,' The resolutions,, as a matter of course, encountered the most strenuous opposition- from those members whose ' forte lies chiefly in obstruction, and who. are never The price than, when engaged in the to them congenial task of talking against time. The resolutions were nevertheless adopted, and will come into force when the House reassembles after the short recess. The new rules were con jSidorod carefully by the Standing i Orders Committee,' in which both sides of the House are represented, and are not therefore the outcome so much of an overpowering majority as the deliberate opinion of the committee appointed by the House itself for regulating the conduct of its own proceedings. Of the five new Standing Orders, only two really, relate to the closure; the object of the other three is to reduce the waste of time. There are three established methods of obstructing the business of the House : the first is, to move a motion for adjournment, the second is to in- terrupt the progress of supply, and the third is in committee, to make repeated motions that the chairman do leave the chair. It is against these abuses -that the first three of the new Standing Orders are directed. Both in the Victorian and New South Wales Assemblies a considerable length of time has not infre- quently been wasted upon motions for adjournment, which have had no other object in view than to waste time or to care for the movers a little cheap notoriety. Withrespecttosucli motions the rule now adopted in the New South Wales Assembly is that the motion cannot be submitted at all unless it is on some matter of urgent public importance, the subject of which is to be first submitted to the SPEAKER in writing ; then five members have to rise in support of it then the mover must not speak more than an hour, and other members not more than twenty minutes. This ought to operate as a wholesale check upon irrepressible members, of whom there are generally a few in every Legislative Assembly who avail themselves of the forms of the House either for the purpose of obstructing business or for airing imaginary grievances, In tho case of the SPEAKER 1 declining in doubtfulness to determine what is a matter of urgent public importance, a vote of the House is to be taken on the question. As to 1 intercepting supply, it is now determined that nobody can do it j except by leave of the House, said that the motion for leave cannot be debated, the mover being allowed only 10 minutes in which to state his purpose. When the House is in committee, any member moving that the Chairman do leave, the chain it, will have to do it bona-fide, because if in the opinion of the Chairman the motion is (obstructive or not consistent with the regular and orderly conduct of the business of the commifctco/'ho can refuse to purchase, and the Charman's ruling is to be decisive, unless the House disagrees with' it! The object of these resolutions is obviously, to, prevent the opening lip of an 'array Fovant and useless debate. The two remaining resolutions provide for its being closed, when in the opinion of the majority of the House it has lasted long enough, or too long. If any < member is considered guilty ''of irrelevance' or tediousness in his remarks, the SPEAKER or the CHAIRMAN ',, OF COMMITTEES as the case may be, may call attention of ' elie ( House' to the fact, and may direct the member to dis- continue his speech. Such member may if he likes appeal to the House against the ruling, but if the appeal goes against him, he must accept the decision. More than one member of our own House of Assembly could be named who might not infrequently be shut up under such a provision as this, and what a relief it would be to the unfortunate scribes in the gallery who are often compelled to sit and listen to a perfect deluge of dreary drivel and the utterly irrelevant and inconsequential meandering of members who are foolish enough to imagine that the importance attached to their utterances will be in proportion to the length, of time they stand upon their legs. The last resolution is the most important of all, and most distinctively deserves the title of closure, because it shuts up, not any individual member, but the whole debate. It is made lawful at any time for any member who may think the debate has lasted long enough to move, a r 'i A i " that the question be now put." There can be no debate on a motion of this kind, but the House is to divide at once, and if forty members vote in favour of summarily stopping any further discussion the question before the House is to be at once put to the vote. There is a good deal JLo, be said both for and against a regulation of this "kind. . There are conceivable circumstances in which, it, might be used in such a way as to unduly restrict the 5; freedom of debate. It might be used, J for- instance, for the purpose of pre- I venting an opponent's side of the question from Doing heard at all, or, it might be used to deprive individual members who might be known to en- tertain strong views on any given subject from giving expression to' them. This would, of course, 1 be an abuse of the closure, but it can be readily understood how, in their desire to provide some remedy for the abuse of the freedom of debate which has rendered all-night sittings of frequent occurrence, and led to scenes which have made the New South Wales Assembly a by-word and a reproach hon. members! of that Chamber have not been too careful to anticipate the possibility of abuses arising in the opposite direction. 1 CABLE NEWS At the London wool sales, now progressing, a fair demand continues, 'and, as yet, there have been few withdrawals. The New South Wales volunteers who took part in the Soudan campaign, are to,bcpcr mitted to wear the Khedive's bronze star. The leader of the Government in the House i of Commons has given notice that the 17th ! lists shall be the date on which a committee of the House report on the Crimes Bill, and that all amendments not previously' dealt with, may be then put without further debated The clause providing for trial of Irishmen in London for offer, news against the Act, has been its neck" out with the concurrence of the House. It is now stated that the progress of her Majesty to Westminister Abbey, will be virtually a State procession, and that the Royal party will be conveyed in open carriages. ' IMPERIAL PAYMENTS.- We find that we were wrong, in our answers to correspondents, yesterday, in saying that payments are made to the colony by the Imperial Go- liniment. t Payments were made for many years, but they Leased a short time ago. Till! GOVERNMENT CHARITABLE IN'STITCT 'PINNER-In an answer to tlio.onqiiiiios of a a number of persons who have withheld their subscriptions from the general fund of the Jubilee Demonstration Committee until' they know what was going to be done for the inmates; of^the,chaiitable institutions, we are now, (in an position to say that the Government have docidcdtthat,thoy will I mules take the responsibility themselveS. Yesterday the following letter from Mr. iliiuildon was received by a member of the Executive Committee, who had handed it to us for publication!-" Dear Mr. Chapman, lit has been arranged that the inmates of the charitable institutions BIIRII have a tin cat on jubilee day. and) therefore your committee need not 1901 at any trouble on that score. Yours, truly, signed 15. BRADDON. June 9, 1887." i , ' Jurists DEMONSTRATION. We understand that at the Executive Committee. meeting, which will be held at the Town Hall on Monday next, the subscription lists will be submitted. It is very desirable, therefore, that all those who feel that the capital should have a jubilee demonstration which will be a credit to the community should come forward without any further delay, and assist by their subscriptions. the great future of, the program is undoubtedly the fireworks exhibition, which two understand will take IULO in front of the Queen's Battery in the Domain between 0 and 10 o'clock, and when we say that the services of that eminent pyrotechnic artist, Mr. Brock, whose displays at the Crystal Palace have earned him a vvoild-widoiopiita tion, and whose recent successes on the Melbourne cricket ground have made his name a household word in Victor we, have been secured by the committee we feel sure that those amongst us who have had the good fortune to have seen what he has done in Melbourne will agree that there will be something worthy of the occasion on June 25\. The citizens of Hobart have no conception of the exquisite beauty and marvellous skill in combination, design, and execution of the set pieces he producers and we can assure them that if he gives us a show equal to those lately displayed in Melbourne, that they will be fairly astounded. Of course these elaborate designs are expensive, and the length and quality of the programmes must be decided by the money subscribed. The public, no doubt, will re- spond liberally, and that the committee may be able to secure the production of some of Mr. liiuok'fl most elaborate set pieces. THE PROposeD JunitiKi: DEMONSTRATION -The teachers and officers all the Sabbath School in the city are invited to meet at the Town Hall this evening at 8 o'clock to pray , also with the conductor, Mr., W. J. J. A" Reynolds, the National Anthem, which tim * Demonstration Committee have decided shall be sung on Jubilee Day by the united Sunday 'schools of the city. Copies of the words may then be had for distribution to-morrow in the Sunday schools. TltH JuilILKIi AND THE SUNDAY SCHOOLS. -'Clio Davey street Congregational Sunday School jnnpoBo celebrating Her Majesty s Jubilee by a tea and entertainment in the new school building on Wednesday evening next. The order tainment will consist of songs, recitations, and addresses, of a national character and in keeping w In the occasion This very pleasant and rational way of celebrating! the event might be followed by other schools, as it would give the children something to remember the loyal respect entertained for Her Majesty by their patents and predecessors. t , , ' JOJlIMiE MKtTIStO AT BOTllVV ELL - A public meeting of the residents of Bothwell will be held in the local Council chambers will o'clock this morning to decide on the most appropriate means of eolobiating>tlio Queen's Jubilee. ' / ' ' ' ' ' J ILLUMINATIONS. Several correspondents write to urge the desirability of keeping the illuminations gas at all events the principal streets. This will pt event a failure of gas, and Bottle the question as to who is expected to illuminate. , ?. I Juniors ILLUMINATIONS. WO direct, the * attention of our readers to an advertisement which appears in our special columns, signed by the managers and agents of the insurance companies in this city regarding precautions recommended to be taken by those who intend to illuminate. ' i ' ¡ 1 CONCERT A concert is announced to take place on Friday next, in St. David's School- room, under the patronage of His Excellency; Sir Robert Hamilton, K.C.B., and Lady Hamilton. The greater part of the programme Will fall to the lot of Mr. H. JM.it Steinbach well-known Glee and Quartette Class. Lovers of part music should not miss the opportunity of hearing this trained class, numbering upwards of 40 voices. Vocal and instrumental solos will also be rendered by some of our best amateurs. Mr. T. J, Haywood acted as pianist, Mr. H. M. Steinbach as conductor, and Mr. Nat Oldham manager. H on ART CITY MISSION. A meeting of the committee of the Hobart City Mission was held yesterday afternoon, the Rev. Canon Banks Smith presiding. There were also present:-The Rev. J. V. Sharp, Pastor McCullough, Messrs. Weymouth, R. A G. Warner, and J. Dean, Mesdames Hamilton, Baily, Pitt, Wilkins, Seabrook, and Kerr. The Rev. G. W. Sharp reported that Canon Banks-Smith and himself had made a special effort and collected nearly £40 for the mission. Nevertheless the prospects were so far from encouraging that un- ' leads the public gave more cordial support thin as important work must be discontinued. After some discussion it was resolved to call a , special meeting on Thursday next to decide whether the mission shall be continued. PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING ASSOCIATION. This association held its usually weekly meeting last night in the Masonic Hall. There was a thin attendance of members! Mr. J. Longmore introduced a motion affirm- ing the injustice of the Irish Coercion Bill, and spoke for nearly an hour in its support. Mr. Claud Clerk followed in opposition, Mr. Pemberton in favour, Mr. Israel against Mr. Taylor for, and Mr. Hawson against, and the debate was then adjourned for a week. i s , SUPPLEMENT. Wo publish to-day our usual fortnightly summit! by for England, and remind readers that the mail for England, the European Continent, India, China, etc.. closes this day, at 3 p.m., at the General J Post Office. The supplement also contains reports of the Hospital Board, Hobart Marine Board, Cones of Education, Mining, and other matter.' ' | , a , d , ft ' In ' i /"!/('!< j t like it, As jl Heart 1 It I'll \ I Jill Mi.KTiNii of' PARMAMIÍMT.-Wo believe delineating have announced that Piultiunoiit shall be called together for the despatch of business on July 12th No official notice has yet been issued, that we are led to believe that the above date has been decided SUB INSPECTOR or Firm KUI iss. Miniature have not yet come to any, decision with respect to the colony's engagement with Mr. Saville-Kent. It was generally understood that the proposal he has made to Government In that he is prepared to divide lila HCI vice as a scientific expert upon questions related to the fisheries between this and one or more of the colonies. Some proof was afforded yesterday to a number of people that oyster culture in this colony has every prospect of success, in the receipt by Mr. Saville-Kent of two pieces of wood of trees used by him at Spa jug Hay I at the ) oyster beds, which are covered with oysters ranging from mining to nearly, 4in, An, diameter, H S MUNIOII-AI..-The Municipal Council, will meet on Monday next, at the Municipal Council chamber, [at 4 o'clock, when the following business will have consideration, besides subjects that may require prompt attention during the sitting Reports horn the various committees, its follows Public Works On tenders for I'linee's street on petition for expenditure on Lumsdon as crescent; on letter from Mr. James Campbell with reference to pathway Wuiwiok street extension on letter from Mr. Charles Davis, calling attention to the state of the footpath in Elizabeth-lane on letter from Mr. A. Hodgins, complaining of drain at No. 204, Murray-street on letter from Mr. H. L. Roberts with reference to the side channel in Germany and Newcastle streets on letter from Mr. C. H. Pitman, remarriage in Allison street Public Woi Its and Health -On letter from Mr. J. Gourlay, asking for permission to build a cottage to abut on a loft. road. Water works On letters from the chairman Fire Brigade Board and Mr. J. If. Murdoch, r& deficient water supply at recent fire. 'Mai Beetson letter from the clerk of the Old Market, recommending the erection of a fence round stands Nos, 9 to 12\. Wholo'^Cóunoil-On letter, from Mr. C. W. S. James, city. surveyor and director of waterworks, recommending a separation of the offices, Health-On tenders for An moval of nightsoil ; further consideration of Mr. Alderman Davies' motion, with reference, to obtaining power to bon ow £100,000 for drainage and sewerage, , Business for the Local Board of Health To receive reports from H cal til Committee of the following letters from the Central Board 1, Asking [or enquiry, as to probable cause of sickness of persons occupying certain offices in Murray-street. 2, with reference to the deposit of city nightsoil. 3. With reference to the diseased lung of a sheep. i ' ?' ' ' , WARDEN WATCHORN. At the meeting of the Marine Board yesterday' afternoon Warden Browne asked if there. was any information about the condition of Watdbii Watchorn, who was BUllutin'ij'fiom typhoid fever. The Master Warden said he was glad to infer in the board that from enquiries made on, the, previous day he had learnt that Warden Watchorn was engravings I'ho.iucinburs .oxpiossud-gtcut pleasure at the Rows; " THE Fu-TirttK."-Wo havoieceivedfioin Messrs, Walch and! Son a book entitled "The farms as a avoided in Divine prediction by the Rev. John Storie RE.S.T y late minister of St. Andrew's, Hobart. We cannot pretend, U) oiiticufi*, such a work, seeing that so many persons have their own peculiar views as to what England What has, not been revealed. All attempts to. apply the prophetical portions of scripture, modern times have proved a fall as some of them over very giotc8(|iio failmos indeed',' and we think that there has been great deal of time well spent, and' "labour 'ill-, bestowed In, this, direction, j i However, to those who like such speculations, And think that profit can be got out of them, the book of Mr Storie will, no doubt, prove to be interesting, and, perhaps, pro- table. the author declinen.'at'the outset that the exposition in these pages is strictly literal," from which principle he does not think it safe nor light to diverge, so that students of prophecy will know what they have to expect, the work is very well printed and neatly bound, hand we should think the number of tenders will be few, though they may be fit. It , , , Ciiuncit SKRVICKS.-To-mouow service at the Melville-street Wesleyan Church will be conducted in the morning by the Kevern. Annear, and in the evening by the Rev Mr. Schofield, and vice rests at the Davey-street Church. The morning sermon at the. Mel, ville-street Church will be specially for the young. At the Memorial Church, the, Rey G.' W, Sharp will conduct morning and evening services. At. St. Andrew's Church the olovcnUi lecture 'oil Heroes of Faith will be given in the evening, the subject being Jacob." At the New Town Wesleyan Church the Rev J. G. Millard will conduct morning and evening service. Si/MJAY AFTer.nooN Co.sUKiu.-Reminder 8 given that to morrow afternoon the Gaui son Band will' perform in the Barrack Reserve, weather put putting, in aid of Jubilee Fund for the pool of Hobart. PASIOR Sorrell.- A large audience assembled in the Town Hall yesterday even-, rug, when Pastor Sultan gave another of his interesting series of lectures. Messrs. G. Cragg and John Macfarlane occupied, the platform. The chief feature of tlieoveiilngwas the answering of questions having it bearing on religious subjects. Several were received from the) audience, and explained at cops . ""sides able length by the pastor, who rescued the questioner to numerous texts in Holy Writ having a direct bearing on the subjects of their (juustioiiB. Several sacred songs were sung during the evening. This was Mr. Soltuu's last meeting in Hobart at least for the present.' THE Iisc'Ai'i a NINTH ARRIVAL. Edith O'Gorman, well known as the escaped nun, at lived last evening by the express from Launceston, where she has been resting for the last few days. She was met at the railway station by a large number of friends who welcomed her to Hobart. She is to begin her lectures in the Tasmanian Hall, on Monday evening next, as may be seen by the aiUertistmeiit. ^ , r MranniAi, Clemenceau organ recital audiences concert was given last night, in the Memorial Church in, aid of the whole Fund, and proved very successful. Admission was li ee, and it may be that this had something to do with the attendance, as the body of the church was, fairly. filled, and a good many seats in the, gal for by were occupied, but a collection was taken during the interview and was liberally responded to. The musical portion of the proceedings opened with an organ solo by Mr. J. Hinde- rain. It comprised an improvisation On theme by Levin," and "All glory to the Lamb," by Spohr's It was followed by a vocal solo, " He wipes the tear from every eye" by Mr. Noel White, which was a well received. Miss Hewitt's rendering of the alia, '' Oh, that thou hadst hearkened," vas min iced by an intelligent; conception of the ideas of ' the composer, and the song stress very well gauged the acoustic re (placements of the church.' Next came an organ solo by Mr. T. J. Haywood, who, it may be remarked, acted as accompanist to all the vocalists. > The, first portion of it was a minute which contained soinoidiffioult' passages ; the second was a milich by Hitler. This selection gave the organist, a good opportunity of bringing out the caper abilities of the instrument, and he did so in such manner as to win the plaudits of the audience at the close, Mr. Steinbach's recitation, "Yo people, lend your hearts,'') and the earliest "If with all your hearts," I were well received, as was also Mrs. Of li. Hedberg's "O for the wings of a dove." This concluded the first portion of the programme. Mr. Hardeman opened the second part with an organ solo (a), " Behold the Lamb of God," and (b), " Ho ! everyone that trusteth." Mr. Hurdouian u IIB accorded loud plaudits at the close. Mr. James Dear, who came next, was in very good voice, and gave the recitative, "No chastening," and the r- area, "Comoye children." Then came a ' quartette, " Cast thy burden," by, the Misses Hewitt and Calvert, and Messrs. J. D. Walker and J. Dear. It was very well received. Miss Calvert again appeared, and gave the solo, "Jerusalem." Mr. H. L. "ring came next with the recitation ', and aria, " Thus saith the Lord," and " But , ^whomayabide." His vocal tubes were in had order, consequently the effort was not a pronounced success. Mendelssohn's ' " Wedding March," by Mr. T. J. Haywood, was the last number on the programme, and the performer was treated with very scant of courtesy by the audience, who begun to leave almost as soon as the playing began, and continued doing so until the end. The concert concluded at about 650. ' . LANTKUK EV.IIII1ITIOK.-On Monday even- ing next a grand display of New Zealand Memory will be given in the Bay, ley-street Congregational Sunday- school. Upwards of 65 photographic slides will be shown and enlarged to pictures of 12ft. in diameter. Mr. Nat. Oldliam'flimmphcngos lantern will be used. BANK OF VAN DIEMEN'S LAND -It is stated that Mr. W. G. Browne, manager of the Union Bank of Australia is likely to receive the appointment of manager to the Bank of Van Women's Land, vice Mr ''pot'iwood, deceased, The appointment will be a popular one - * ' ' it is the u 'a " a' , 9 am,', till!' THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE COUNCIL OF KiiUOATiON.-To-day is the red-letter day of the Tasmanian Council of Education. The annual meeting will take place at the Town Hall, onninienuiiig (it 11. Mu.m., when the report of the examiners will be received, and the various honours conlon and. His Excellency the Governor and Lady, Hamilton will be present, A Sui REME COURT His Honor Mr. Justice Adams delivered judgment' in Chambers (yesterday in the case Dobson and Army, II. | !£»(?£,, I reserved for the last sitting in the Small Debts Jurisdiction on a heavy point regarding the legality of a ' season" without the consent of the defendant. The judgment was for the plaintiff, had conseiinuntíy the objection raised was not sustained. j NORTH HOBART ASSOCIATION A meeting of the committee of' this association was held at Messrs. R. J Rogers and Son's olucp^ColliiiB-stioct, last night, when there were present Mr. C. K. Featherstone (in the chair), the Rev. Jas. Scott, A, Crisp. A. Fulton, W. H, Whitburn, E. F. Lovett, J. 1,0. Steele, Crow, and the i lion, one and. J. Rogers. Apologies were received, from Col. St, Hill and Mr. Edward Mace, The object of the meeting was to draft a code of ethics which was done, and the rules will be submitted to a general meeting to be held next Friday night, due notice of which Will Are given. in TASMANIAN BICYCLE CLUB SALE-The sixth annual ball in connection with the Tasmanian Bicycle Club was held in Hadley's rooms, last evening. The balls given by this club have always been looked forward to as an annual event of great interest amongst the dancing community of Hobart, and this year was no exception to the rule,' the_.,tickt'ta being eagerly sought after. An energetic committee were appointed, and it was universally acknowledged that their efforts were crowned with complete success. Over 60 couples assembled, including the Mayor (Mr. Chas. Harbottle) and Mayoress, the president of the club, Mr. Elliston, and other gentlemen. The catering was in the able hands of Mr. Hoggins. Mr. Dentith H string band provided the excellent music and? dancing was kept up ' with spirit into the small hours of the morning. At raise the dancers trooped into the supper room, the president occupying the chair. After justice had been done to the viands, Mr. Hillston proposed , " The Queensland in a short speech referred to the advance made by science, literature, and; in fact, it. things in general! during the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty." His Worship the Mayor, then proposed the health of the Tasmanian Bicycle Club, to which Mr. W..Finlay responded. The following was the programme: Lancers, j", Aladdin ;".,Waltz, " Myosotis J',' P., Ma-' marks, " Josephine ;" II. Schottische, sessions ;", Waltz, " Gloiiodo Dijon ;"jQua I-, rille,'"Caineroniau;" waltz, "Blue Danube";",» Polka, "Mother Hubbard 5" Waltz,; 2" Little Sailors ;" - P. Mazurka, , " Lovan june ;" Waltz " Pandora j" Promenade end and Collen, " The Jubilee March Cnmarado Polka ;" Quadrille, Edinburgh s" Wale, I" Maid of the Mill ;" "P. Mazurka, " Blue Sea j" Waits, " Moonlight,, Shadows Schottische, " Bright" Flowers 'Walu, a Dorothy ¡".Polka,, "Outpost" Lancers'' 1" Guard of Honour;" (list Schottische "Glenn's- Walu, 'diarrhoea."' ~ i A RUNAWAY FEVER 'PATIENT. An exciting incident occurred at the General Hospital yesterday. Mr. Thomas Lloyd, the well-known football player, one of the patients suffering, from typhoid fever, managed, while in a state of delirium, to make. his escape, and, was only captured '' after a 'aeiic8,'of sensational incidents. He was; brought to the hospital on Wednesday evening, and,, when Dr. Bright visited hini'o'iiThiirs day night he was delirious, and it was found necessary to fasten him down in his bed. This is done in the gentlest way valiant can I be effectual. Cotton wool' having been laid over the ankles, calico bands ma lived joined. them and firmly attached. to the hot' torn of the bed, in this way tlie,feeturo kept, Bociire. The upper part of the body is held down by a sheet extending from the throat' to the Times, which is .fiifltoucdj downs at each side of the bed. This in a sufficient provision for the' safety' ' of an Ordinary patient, for over ? fractious Mr., Lloyd was in a ward in the front, hospital, and yesterday morning about 9 o'clock, nurse White, who was attending him left him to give some food to another patient, when hearing a sharp noise as of something being torn asunder, she turned round and was terrified to behold Lloyd speeding along the ward, and out into the corridor.. He jumped clean over one of the women cleaners who was at work in the corridor,' and seeing the front door, shut, dashed out by the back. is the eleanor gave chase immediately, but failed to get hold of him, He was dressed only in the long loose white garment, which hospital patients wear, and with this (lying behind him ran down towards the creek, mounted the hospital wall, and began to creep along it in the direction of the Sir George Arthur Hotel. Mr. Reid, keeper of St. Peter's Hall, was startled by the sight of the ghost-like figure scrambling along the wall, until he got near Mr. Clay's'piomisos, where he was 801110 23ft. above the ground. Letting himself down by his hands, by which he clung to the top of the wall, Mr. Lloyd dropped to the ground, where Mr. Reid got hold of him, but he struggled violently, crying, ! "Let me go horses i 'Let mogo home 1" Sergeant Sanderson was close by in Campbell-street at thlsinoment.nnd seeing the struggle, climbed over the intervening walls and gave Mr. Reid assistance They controlled the unfortunate patient between them, and conclude ted him by the little bridge near St. Peter's Hall over the ocock into Collins-street. They were inetbythd. eleanor and another woman from the hospital, who had thoughtfully ' brought a blanket with them, which was wrapped round Lloyd, and one or two other policemen having now arrived he was carried round to the Campbell-street entrance to the < hospital. This gate, however, is seldom opened, and they would not obtain admission here. ' So they I took him in by the Liverpool-street gate. The whole incident occupied a remarkably short space of time. Barely more than 7min". intervened ' between ' ) Lloyd's' flight, ft on the ward and his'iotiirn1 to it.. I Strange to say a liOj sustained noiiiijuriss beyond a' slight out on the foot by, his dropsical the top of the walls and, stranger still', j when enquiries were made as to his'"conditi'oi'i last night at the hospital he was reported, to be, alone the jwoison^ori whist perilous adventure." It has been considered necessary, however, to "place'him'in'tho" 'straight waistcoat." We may mention that only in one case previously this year has it been found necessary to place a patient in such confinement. The incident was brought under the notice of thcrHöspital'Board at'itOlèetiiig-'y'ostôr'day"" afternoon by Mr. Susman, and all the circumstances were mentioned. Dr. Smart stated-and his statement was confirmed by Dr. Bright-that no blank could be attached to any of the hospital officials for what had occurred. _ 1 Tvi'iioiu.-Tho house surgeon of the hospital reports that there' have been 17 cases of typhoid fever admitted during the ''past week, making a total of 263 ' cases this your. 1. The number remaining, in < hospitals 1 yesterday was 62. -, , 1 .,,,(, ,7y.u MEETING AT ST. MARY'S meeting of Catholics is announced to be held in St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow, at 3 pm, to consider an address to Her Majciityion the occasion of her jubilee. 1 : . ! ([ 1 RIFLE CLUB MEETING-A public meeting of persons interested in the formation of a ride club for Kingston and North-West Bay will be held at the Kingston Court-house at 3 o'clock this afternoon. FOOTBALL. match will be played this afternoon between the Launceston and Holebrook clubs The majority of the Launceston team arrived in town by express last night. They were met by a good number of the members of the Holebrook' Club, who greeted them with cheers as the train drew up. They were driven to Press land House, where they will put up during their stay in Hobart. The remainder of the team will arrive by mail train this morning. A' very close match may be expected, as the Launceston Club have sent down a strong team. As will be seen by advertisement in another column, the trains will run as usual during the afternoon. THE TASMANIAN AGENCY GENERAL. - With regard to the offices of the Tasmanian Agent-General (writes " Anglo Australian " in the European Mail), I am pleased to re port that already, although as yet not very long opened, much good has resulted thence. It is true that no Government aided emigra- tion is yet hold out, but it is evident from the nature of the constant inquiries that come that a really good and most desirable class of possible settlers is becoming greatly interested in the present state and prospects of a colony which is, after all, be very like England in its 111010 agricultural days. Thus, I am told that not only many professional men of small means, but humorous farmers too, apply for full in formation to the office, and it is highly, probable that before long, as the try! state of Tasmania becomes better known, there will be a considerable influx of 1 capital, 1 industry, and ability of the right kind. "There slowly evinces the gain derived from as" A3' the establishing and duly organising of a separate department, and it is indeed quite impossible to overestimate the importance of these agency offices in Victoria street. They are all gradually but very surely pro driving a permanent educational effect on the people here, and the fruit to be borne there is much more precious than most persons suppose. I am, however, more than before, of the opinion, already expressed in these columns, that it were well if only the colonies could muster! up the requisite irrational courage to have one great building all to themselves. This would be at once an end- gt ntion bureau, a general agency office, and planned out, as it might, on, a small and corner offensive permanent exhibition of Aus tralia aun.t duets. I Ovsn'lt Ç&LTDKK.-Tho; Aiiflrakuitm and Smith /l Hjci/çainiotes as an important fact in the oyster trade that foreign oysters are offering largely imported to the Whitstable grounds in England. A quantity of For the, grease bivalves have already been laid down' while millions of French oysters will be brought over in the spring for fattening at 'Whitstable. ' J DEATH OF A BOOKMAKER The Dunedin for entity Uti old of May 28 contains the following paragraph:-" The sporting public throughout the . colonies will learn with regret of the death of Mr. A. Snider, the well-known bookmaker. The deceased WEBB about town as usual yesterday, and in the' evening, shortly after 11 o'clock, while in company with some friends, he suddenly put his hand to his mouth, and withdrew it stained with blood. Mr. A. Most one to see what was the matter, when, without any winning, blood commenced to guess from Mr. Sinden's mouth, and he fell back dead. Dr. Brown who immediately called in, but the case was beyond his skill. Mr, Snider leaves a widow, but no family. He was one if the best hearted men on the turf, and always had a good name for paying promptly and cheerfully. ( ' CHINESE-- OAIMMEN-.-Somo months ago I einiirliH and later in Truth) I commented on thcfuotthatsoinoof IlerMajesty'sshipaontho China station were to a large extent manned by Chinamen, In a regatta which came off at Hong , Kong just before Christmas, the Arrester Emmanuel entered an eight oared ' galley, manned entirely by Chinamen, who beat all the boats in the squadron in capital style over a two- mile course, The Chinamen are said to have rowed a stronger and slower stroke than any of their competitors, and their boat has never been beaten yet. ' There must be some good stuff in the Celestials after all, I A LAnv Ki'iTOH.- The Belgian Press ate about to commemorate in a becoming.' manner the jubilee of Madame Caroline Pope, u he has just completed the 50th year of her control of the editorial chair of the Journal de, further, the pi iucipal Liberal paper in Flanders' 'Half a Century ago," says, a contemporary, she had to endure a considerable 'lailory, BIIICO who was thought to bean, ciioro'aclim'oiit ' (upon ; the may entitle piWiiioo'( to edit a newspaper, and Scarcely to bo1 womanly to appear publicly as a Liberal. Madame' Pope has earned Collie distinction in her native land as a novelist and storyteller I Her /.Nathalie'*, and her Legends and Tales of J Flanders 'I have, been translated visited German, and, if W.b,iui8tuka not, some of her pleasant stories for children have been reproduced in our own language. Madame Pope is also valued member of the Committee of the Belgian Newspaper Press Union." at a vast Bunbury's excursion trip to Brown's River is announced for to-morrow afternoon. Cosriol services will be held in the Domain] to-morrow afternoon. of j Mr. Holm Hamilton, will address the electors at i Sherwood's Hotel, O'Brien's Bridge, on Monday evening next and at the York Hotel, South Bridgewater, on Wednes Bay ceiling.'"" "' , j Member s of the St John's Friendly Society meets on Monday evening, at 780, re Jubilee Demonstration!' li" i i If - 'ii J HuckinghamiiDlstriQt,! M.U., I.O.O.F. engineers of the various lodges of the district meet at the chambers, Collins-street, on Wednesday, 22nd Inst., to take part in the jubilee pi occasion. by , '( ? 11 2 p 