-MQiACOMM&Ii; GOSSIP. fFrom onr own Oorxesoondent.1 London, December 17'. Sir Samuel Davanport l6ft here early on Tuesday morning for the Continent. His house at Brompton Crescent on Monday was besieged by friends calling X) bid him farewell. 1 believe that great efforts are now Deing made to induce the Home Govern ment to look favourably upon the new Pacific Telegraph Company. The Com pany held its first meeting on Tuesday week, and announced a capital )f two millions sterling. It proposes :o carry a line under the Pacific to Norfolk Island, whence one branch ?able will go to Sydney and another to Sew Zealand. The list of the signatures ii present to the articles of assocla ;ion are the Earl of Milltown, Sir James Uorry, M.P., Sir Daniel Cooper, Viscount Folkestone, Messrs. Hugh Reid, late M.F. for Eaton, Sir Alfred Slade, J. Eenniker Heaton. E. M. Young, Sir W. I. Clarke, Sir Samuel Wilson, Hon. M. E. G. Finch-Hatton, M.P., with other Oanadian and Australian gentlemen. The Agents-General, have been communicated officially with upon the matter. The allotment for the Jubilee Exhibi tion i3 still deferred. Up to last night there were 495 applicants, who had de posited £2,298 183. 8d. The space applied for wa3 58,029 feet. ; The agitation for the reduction of postal rates continues. A deputation waits to-day upon the Postmaster-General from the London Chamber of Commerce to ask that charges should be lowered on packages, newspapers, and other publica tions sent out — in other words, that the Government should adopt the American Bystem of lt second-class matter.' The Postmaster-General gave a very general reply, and thought that all things ohould be referred to the coming Conference. He, however, states that he could not agree to a farthing newspaper postage, and that with regard to the cost of tele graphic communication with the colonies the Government would welcome any com petition which would have the effect of cheapening the tariff! Anything about the Teetulpa GoldfLelds is welcome reading here. There are Indeed cynical people who exclaim, ' Can my good come out of Nazareth !' and there are on the other hand those who assert that South Australia has great mineral wealth. A very hopeful letter, strengthening this latter view, appears in this week's British Aiistralasian. It is from the pen of a well-known South Aus tralian, whose name, however, I am not permitted to mention. The letter says— ' Many believe that the gold era is only just beginning here, and that the Tee tulpa district will eventually support a population of many thousands.' It further suggesia that there is every pro bability of a large and payable field being established. The statement that ' those who are discovering the most gold keep it secret, and very heavy findings of a week ago are now only coming to light by acci dent,' is just one of those remarks likely to draw great attention to the field over here. It is a great pity that more opti mistic views of this land concerning the colony do not more often find their way into the English papers. I hear that Messrs. Milbum are about to advertise the steamer Port Pirie to take passengers to the new goldfields In January at 13 guineas each. The Agenta-General were summoned to a meeting at the Colonial Office yesterday afternoon by Mr. Stanhope, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, which lasted over an hour. The New Hebrides ques tion was discussed, as well as the affairs of New Guinea and the proposed Conference. I had the privilege thVfother day of hearing one of the oldest New Guinea missionaries — Mr, Macf arlane — express his opinions concerning New Guinea. He said that contradictory reports prevailed with regard to New Guinea; but that arose from the fact that different people visited it at different points. In one part the natives were prac tically civilized, in others they were cannibals. The paramount law, he thought, however, was the law of deterio ration. With regard to the other sub ject which Mr. Stanhope broached to the Agents-General — the Conference of next year — the Spectator takes the opportunity to analyse Sir. Stanhope's capacities as a statesman, and also to find some little faults with the scheme. Without any circumlocution the Spectator states that Mr. Stanhope is not a man of genius, though his practical merits abound. If he had been a man of genius the latge ideas prevalent concerning Imperial Fede ration, quite beyond realization now, whatever they may be half a century hence, would have led him into error. It is recognised that the real merit of Mr. Stanhope's administration of his office is that he is ready to do what he can to strengthen the tie3 between England and her colonies, though he sees beforehand that what he can do may look insignificant by the side of larger measures. The article deprecates the Conference becoming too large, and says that If this is so the effect will be mischievous, as It will deteriorate the position of the Agents General. 'It is very much to be ctesirea, conauae3 tne writer, ?? in tne interests of the colonies, that these great officers should permanently hold, as between the Home ^Government and the colonies, the place which ambassadors hold between the English Government and f oreign^Powers ; and this end will certainly not be furthered if, on an occa sion of exceptional importance, each of them is only a unit in the crowd.' An interview with. Mr. Allan, the Fruit King of Canada, is published In a recent issue of the Pall Mall Gazette. They seem to take great care In Canada with their fruitgrowing. Grafting and crossing is an art, and every other artificial care is taken to propagate fruit. ? Mr. Allan said little care wa3 taken with common fruit culture in England by anybody, but in France by everybody. In. hybridizing France is much ahead of England. ' At ; present,' said Mr. Allan, ' Ontario is the great home for fruitgrowing, and will be more exclusively so, because we shall certainly be forced to give up wheatgrowing when the tracks further wesS are more extensively farmed, and British Columbia will be die great fruit growing district.' In the opinion of this representative Canadian the. Exhibition has been a grand and genuine advertise ment for his colony. 'At thfe very moment our butter and cheese are fetch ing fancy prices in London, and we simply cannot fulfil ihe orders.' The Fruit Eing gloried in the Canadian Pacific Railway. He expects that Canada will soon do an immense new business with amaii con sumers in England with through rates in force. ' What is wanted is & line of fine steamers crossing the Atlantic, but the importance of *Tii« ia already realized, as I have learned in England. When it is established England will be able to com municate with the East from four to six daya quicker than by the Suez CanaL' Of State-assisted emigration Mr. Allan did not at all approve. He thought Eng land would want to send the Socialists to Canada. Now that the winter ia upon us again, the question of emigration. i3 MHm^^rjg prominence. All sorfa of schemes are before the public, such as self-assisted emigration, Parochial Emigration Socie ties, chlldren'a emigration — one and all to redound to the mutual advantage of the colonies and the mother country. The Queensland Agent- General has just dispatched two shiploads of emigrants. The Eoma left Gravesend with 401 aoula, and the'Eastminsler left Plymouth, after being detained a week thereon account of the recent great storm, with 115 single men, 60 single women, and 76 married people and children. All the inen on the latter ship are farm labourers, chiefly selected from the East Riding of York Bhire and Lincolnshire. There hwt. been a . long letter since I last wrote In one of the. London papers, from a writer who has been spending a year in different parts of. Australia, in which he glorifies Western ; Australia, saying that it is a splendid field for emigration, and that while only a short time ago it was the sleepiest, it. is. now one of the busiest of the colonies. The Prince of Wales's latest move to secure the success of the Imperial Insti tute is a letter to the Lord - Lieu tenants of counties, asking for their co-operation. Suggestions for celebrating the Queen's Jubilee year are coming in fast. 'Let us do away with the Colonial Clergy Act' writes one man to the Guardian. The Church House scheme is now fairly afloat after the Mansion House meeting on Friday last. The Archbishop of Canterbury, who is alway3 abreast of public opinion, said in his speech, approving of Imperial federation ideas, that while the Church at home would, not ask for help from the colonies for the building of the structure, still she would be glad of help in the way of orna ments from colonists. ' One of the best uses to which the completed building could be put would be for the reception of colonial Bishops and delegates.' I hear that the energetic body of workers, from whom, in fact, all the large ideas for join ing the colonies and the mother country together emanate, and who have since incorporated themselves in the 'Imperial Federation League,' are now in pecuniary difficulties. If it had not been for a donation of £500 from Lord Brassey the League would have been in greater diffi culties than it Is at present. The Lsague may as well dissolve now. Its chief work is done, for the Government have taken its objects up. Mr. Anthony Froude, the historian, who was entertained last night at St. Stephen's Club by a number of friends, stated that it only required an European incident now to call forth an ' unsprung world,' meaning thereby that close union based upon sentimental prin ciples so ardently desired by people at home. The Victorians gave a farewell dinner to Mr. Bosisto, the President of tne Victorian | Commission, on Wednesday night at St. George's Club. Sir Graham Berry presided. Mr. Boaisto, in his speech, stated that the sale of Australian wines had 'been trebled since the opening of the Exhibition, During the entertain ment an Australian recitation from Marcus Clarke was given by Mr. ODell. On the same evening songs, bards, and music of the Australian aborigines were discussed at the Anthropological Society. None of the other Agents-General, though invited, except Sir Graham Berry, were able to be present at the Victorian, dinner, as Lord Herschell, the Chairman of the Imperial Institute Committee, had also invited them for the evening. At hia private house they met Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Tritton, and another member of the com* mittee. Sir Philip ^Cunliffe-Owen has expressed his intention of visiting Australia next year. Hia chief aide- de-camp ? at the Exhibition, Mr. Edward Cunliffe-Owen, C.M.G., has juat been elected a Fellow of the Soyal Colonial Institute. Mrs. Ibbetson, the sister of the late Mrs. John Baines Brown, has just died at Beading, being 60 years of age. Mr. Pleydell, the London Manager of the late Commercial Bank of South Aus tralia, sailed yesterday in the Ruapehu to Auckland, New Zealand, where he has obtained an appointment. A serie3 of lectures are being given at Eastbourne by Admiral Field, M. P., upon his voyage to Australia, India, Canada, and New Zealand. A new edition of Mr. Hugh Eomilly's book on the Western Pacific has been brought out by Mr. Murray, containing an additional chapter describing the 'Ghost in Eotumah.' Next week will be published 'a new home and colonial periodical,' called ' Murray's Magazine.' The new number for January contains an article called 'Cosmopolitan Theories and Colonial Facts,' by Captain Colomb, M.P. A German firm of publishers are also about to bring out a work upon Imperial federation. The heavy ordnance ordered by the Victorian Government from Sir William Armstrong ia nearly ready for shipment. Great secrecy is kept over the extent and nature of the armament, but it is no secret that part of it consists of eleven weapons of the breechloadlng pattern known as the 5-inch, weighing 3 tons each, and that there are others of 8-inch calibre. At the last general meeting of the British North Borneo Company very good reports were received from the settlement, and the idea was broached of establishing a Bank there. Mr. T. G. Bidgway, notary public in London, has been appointed a Commis sioner to take affidavits for the Supreme Court of the colony of South Australia. Sir Robert Hamilton, the newly ap nnintfid Gnvflrnor of Tasmania, had an interview yesterday with Mr. Adye Douglas, the Agent-General for that colony. All the metal goods from the South Kensington Exhibition go by the Parra matta. The bulk, however, of things go by the Campana, an iron-plated vessel, which leaves aboub the beginning of next year. ? ? 