The CInrcniont. Gliogb \- . 1JY OUR • SX'ECIAIi.(IRPORTER. ,'iyj i.-.l Oil Saturday last in company a friend I paid a visit to' the spot whcro'tiie wonderful,vision was. seen last woelc by ,a :young' maii named 'Small.' Tlio distance from tlio Cross Roads!'is .'about 'seven' br eight miles, and the locality is one in wliicli ;a desperate, deed could b9 doiie without much fear of the party, being molested.} The • Clarembnt' Estate as ♦ ia pretty woll; known belongs to the family of the late Mr. WiUiam York, andvwas' evidently at one time a large dairy.farm. About a mile.or a mile and a half from the road is a beautiful valley which has been at one time;, a large, paddock and diary, the remains .[of the old brick building and fencing are stills to be*'. Been. Near this spot and at" the 'side of a creek' resides Mrs. Small and. her . family and two men wh'o'arb'eniplpyed' wobd ctit ting.';. The building in; \vliich; the whole of< them-eat,' drink and sleep is built solely of bark, ana is about 10 feet by 10 feet/ - Mrs. Small,has not been residing in, the locality very'long, tlio bark humpy having been .used formerly by some woodcutters. There are. three small gullies ,orvprecks /running into the larger creek, tlie one on tlio soutU-; erh portion of the bstato being tlio larges'tV We-travelled' lip this creek for a.'distance of about a quarter of a mile until wo came, to. -ak"large''tree! marked''by the- police on"'a'; former visit. ..At the footlof this .tree are: the remains',of- a .Are, tUe.bjir'iit/portion* 6'f the land having an avea 'ofaliout' two feet' by four. ,.; This >ve,^oxaniihed'inost, minutely ,\ buV could? discover nothing beyond some gmalKpiecos'of boue very much, burnt, and ' the end of sonii} old fencing wliicli 'li^di'dvir deritly been used.in making,!thc> firp1. I'As 'the earth ljad beep bui;nt .iii'to a1 depth'of' fully four inches',there appears to be no' doubt but that 'this; old' feucing had been used, and this at once "raised our suspicions as there was no fencing nearer than the old diary—some parties,;^aye..siiicet;poni-, pared the pieces with .the remain^ at tlie old diary, and the eiids/exactly correspond with the stumpsiof the, posts, showing*, tliiit' the posts had beW out',-off;') The'- grave • we also inspected : this is a hole about 45 feet from the tree and.in a very, secluded/spot., Originally it was'about 8 feet long- two feet wide and 18 inches ;deop, but it has now. been filled up with decomposed vegetable, matter until it ii hardly noticeably. How ever the police haye dug. through the filling up and the earth-at. the bottom exactly; cor respond with the.mound on top wliicli lias at one time been throwti out of the hole'., We afterwards interrogated Mrs. SmaJLand: her son, but could getfcd further informa tion except that previously- published. Some ten months ago Patrick Manning and' some others were working at the exact Bpot wlie're the remain^ we1'® found ,• and they a&s;^rt that no--trace of a 'fire Was the/e .'at that- time. ' The golicb 'liaveV jbeen -busy during the whole of the "week,' but what they have gathered will come out at the in quest./ We [can scarcoly expect ^heni' .td show their l(and;yefc. ' ^ " ' The. Inquest. . ; ' ; The inquest commenced on Friday, but as it will most likely last some time, and as thcf ^oronet has . rcquesfed that 'none of tlie evidence snail lie published utitil the con clusion of'tlio ,case,; we )vithold our report.; Full particulars >.svill appear in a future istfue. 