TALE. The Twentieth of June, CHAPTER, II.— Continued. AIy call to Prentice seemed to shiver tie silence as stone breaks the smooth surface >f a pool. Once, twice, I called — there was n it a ghobt of an answer. A sudden swift su s- pioion came upon me with the force of a conviction. I shut the door hurriedly, ai d ran up to the moonlit corridor above, fro n whose window I could see all across the meadow-path for half a mile or more. A. small black speck was just visible against tl ie illuminated ground, swiftly flitting toward xne L/opioru, and nearly already at the stdl 3. . Temptation had proved too powerful for Prentice, and he had salved his conscienoe I y the plausible pretence of going to summc n „ hhg renegades. I knew pretty well what vdd become of that summons when on< e fatal fascination of the ball-room, or still i worse, the supper had settled upon Prentice s young soul. Probably I should be left in so! e possession of Copford Manor-house till sur - rise nc-xt morning. I was not sensible of feeling the fainte: t sensation of fear : I was far too vexed. In - deed, I imagined I might spend my nighl s alone there for a month without fear of huma i visitants — and I did not believe in super natural ones. It was not that that annoye 1 me, hut the feeling that I had been the victir 1 of a conspiracy, and that the servants ha I heon so over- confident of my good natur 3 and probable reluctance to betray them to m r aunt. I was determined they should not sli ) in quietly on their return without my speak ing my mind, so I majestically descended t > the hack door, which I found on the latch , and with great minuteness I bolted and barre L its every fastening. There was also a tin; - postern door which opened from the baci: kitchen into the thick shrub Dery which hot . filled what had once been a fish pond in th : early days of the manor-house's monastic life The back kitchen was then the monks' re fectory, and there was a popular traditioi that the lay brethren used to sit at ease ii this doorway to catch the Friday dinner. Tin great open fireplace was so close at hand tha' an agile turn of the wrist might transfer th( fiRh from the pond to the frying-pan itself The shrubbery grew so thick now where tht fishes once dwelt that no door wa3 visible froir the outside, but I thought the culprits might try to return that way ; so I locked it safely too. Of course I could not go to bed, only tc rise up at their return ; so I strayed about in a desultory sort of way, passing in my rumb lings the strong room on the ground floor — where all the plate and jewels lived in safes that were neither fire nor burglar-proof ; but which were kept in a chamber that was both, with the additional protection of the under- \- footman's iron bedstead drawn across the entrance. I noticed with a grim resentment, that the bedstead was carefully placed as usual, but "Ihac n'o one had considered it needful to close the great iron door, with its secret look, before -they left the jewels and the plate tc guard themselves. I came by-and-hy to the housekeeper's r om, and sat down in Mrs. Higgs' own es- pocial arm-chair, feeling very much out of my usual unruffled frame of mind. A copy of the local paper lay unopened on the table, and to while away the time I took it up, and ran my eye carelessly over the columns. There was the usual glowing account of the last garrison cricket match ; various chronicles of small beer in the neighbourhood. All at once I was attracted by a paragraph of a more exciting character, and the next minute I was reading with a breathless interest something verv different from the ordinary rural intelli gence. "It is with great regret," ran the ar ticle, " that we have to record another most daring burglary — the third that has taker place in this immediate neighbourhood withir the last ten days. Heron Court, Sir Her bert Ashton's family mansion, has been the scene of the latest outrage. It was enterec last night, somewhere between 12 and 1 o'clock, and a large amount of the most valuable property removed, no trace whatevei of the depredators being left, with the excep tion of several marks of skillful operatior upon the fastening of the back door, whicl was found open early in the morning by ont of the housemaids. An alarm was instantly raised, and a search revealed the absence of i considerable amount of family plate, besid( several sets of jewels if great value. No clui whatever can he obtained to the culpits ; bu there is but little doubt that this outrage 11 th® work of the same ruffians who have beei engaged in the previous robberies, and whicl are reported to be members of a house-break ing gang well-known to the London police which has suddenly disappeared from tow: . during the last fortnight. The whole country side rings with the wildest stories of thes; desperadoes, who are credited with super human audacity and cunning. They are he lieved to melt by day, tinder remote bridg 3 arches, the plate they acquire by night ; the 7 are reported to he armed to the teeth, an 1 prepared to murder in cold blood any oie whose resistance might imperil their eseap< :. They are possessed of a marvellous ltnowledj e of the habits and property of every Househo! d they have defrauded — a knowledge said to 1 e acquired by them in the characters of pedla -s during the day-time. But what renders the n pre-eminently a terror and a dread to tl e . whole neighbourhood is the mystery th it surrounds their movements. No sound a;- tends their advent, at the scene of their mi >- deeds, yet that they have some means of co: i- vevance seems certain, from the suddenne ss of" their arrival and departure. A geneml panic pervades the whole country, and no o ie can feel certain, that they will not be the ne it sufferers.'' I dropped tne paper witn an uneasy sens i- tiou which I strove in vain to banish. H id there not been a strange pedlar at the ba ak door only yesterday afternoon, and had i ot cook sharply scolded little Sally because i he would linger over his wares and laugh a ad ohatter. Nonsense : I was actually nervot s ; no doubt it was only a newspaper stc ry colored by the rural imagination. At all eyeats I would warn Howies to keep a rat! icr stricter eye on bolts and bars for the n ;xt few nights. The clock struck. Half-past 12, and not a servant yet re turned. It was outrageous. Witha warnth that banished all other feelings, I rose \ ,nd made my way once more to the corridor it in- dow to see if there were but the faintest s ign of their coining along the moonliglted meadow path. Not one. Not a sound vas heard but the soft splas.ii of the water c ver the weir ; not a living creature stirred, or spoke, or _ was visible in the hush of the jumrner midnight. Ay Suddenly, as I still gazed out, a swift 'bfladow flitted across the open space betw een .'. . the second bridge and the third. Anot ler, another, and yet another. What coulu it possibly be ? The servants could not by my human means return that way from the Grange — beside, there was not the a-host )f a sound. I waited breathless, and the iiext. second saw the same noiseless shadows lass the next moonlit patch and disappear b( low the short hill. Five I counted — then vac; ncy once more. With a sudden rush I com ire- hended the truth — they were trieve Lists mounted on their machines. Who on" e irth could they be? I had one wild thought of Charley, and even as I thought, the fives: lent shadows rose above the level of the hill, and passed like wraiths under the very spot w aere I stood. The moonlight struck full fir a single instant on each as it passed. T aere were five men, each riding a noiseless' tri cycle, and each man's features were hii Iden from my straining view by a hand of nky crape. Silently, one by one, each shadow flitted into the blackness of the pine t 'ees' shade; there was an instant's pause, lien five dusky forms slipped from that leep darkness to the lighter shade of the garden wall. . I don't think I'm a coward — I hope not ; but for one single moment my knees seemed to give way under me, and the moonlit scene to fade before my eyes, and I caught at the wall where I was standing to steady myself t'rr.m falling, as those five terrible figures stole round the corner of the walled garden and vanished m the pathway that led to the roar of the house where I, defenceless and alone, was left desertejL by every human soul, to cope with a power desperate, appalling and utterly irresistible. CHAPTER IV. I said for a moment my knees- gave way under me. I'm glad it was only a moment, in the next second the spirit of Black Gervase rose up within me like the battle-horse at the round of the bugle. All the blood that had forsaken my cheeks and lips came back with a rush that made them tingle, and I threw up my head and clenched my hands as I resolved between by set teeth that, wealc girl as I was, these midnight thieves and murderers should find that I was not prepared to die without a struggle. Resistance was. of course, utterly futile. Common sense told me that only a complete knowledge of the domestic politics of Cop- ford Manor-house had guided the selection of this particular night and hour, which had been considered with a fineness of discrimina tion which reflected a good deal of credit on the robber band, if only I had been cool enough to do them justice. The ringing of bells, therefore, raising a would-be alarm, and all the other innocent expedients to fright the burglar from his prey, would in this case be just so much worse than useless that they could by no human possibility be heard by any one but the invaders, who were as well aware, probably, ox that fact as I was myself, and would only vent upon me, when they found me, the natural resentment reasonably excited by mv interference with existing affairs. Nothing' was left, therefore, but the less dignified weapon of flight. Not that I for a moment contemplated leaving the marauders to the peaceful enjoyment of my ancestral plate and jewels. Nothing' was further from my thoughts than any such hospitality. But I did most earnestly desire to rush off for out side help and capture them red-handed, and even as the vindictive desire flashed into nay mind I had formed my plans. In an instant my shoes were off my feet and in my band, and I was creeping noiseless as a mouse down the dim eerie corridor. Be fore I had gone three steps- 1 had glided back again as swiftly. I had remembered the strong room, and its door left open with a pathetic confidence, and I meant to leave no lightening of my visitors' toils within their grasp that night. Down the back staircase was the way to the strong-room. Oh, Elizabethan archi tect ! "What demon possessed you to locate that chamber of peril so close to the door which is proverbially a burglar's favorite r Oh, black oak stairs ! Trod by how many a befrilled footman and fantastic page of bye- gone years, if one creak of your ancient boards betray me now, it were good for the last descendant of the house of Blessington, if the oaks that formed you had never grown within the precincts of Copford Park. Bless thee, builder of bvegone ages ! If the back stairs of Copford Manor-house had been put in by the contractor who rears the modern villa of the nineteenth century, I should not now be writing, with infinixe calmness and propriety, this true history of that eventful midnight of the 20th of June. Yet I own there was one moment when my heart seemed to thrill within me, and it needed every drop of Black Gervase's blood within my veins to keep me from quailing when I had to pass the back door, with its heavy hinges and iron nails, and caught the flash of light from the keen point of a sharp, cruel blade of steel that was silently and stealthily sawing its leisurely way through the black panel just above the look, whose key I had turned with such judicial solem nity some half an hour or so before. I had hardly dared to think my slender strength could move that massive strong room door. It looked a task for two stout men, hut I was half -intoxicated with excite ment, and I meant to try. One effort, into which I threw the concentrated energy of a force which surprised even myself, and the iron door swung on its hinges, and snapped to with an almost inaudible "olick," which told me it was prepared to resist a whole armory of crowbars and "jimmies." I think at that moment I hardly cared whether my life paid the forfeit of my daring act, I was so triumphant at having outwitted those clever robbers. It was to the little postern door in the thack kitchen that I instinctively made my way. It was while I was undoing the fast ening of that arched portal that I was sur prised to find my fingers trembling as they closed upon the bolts. I think I must have been veiy ferocious with myself for that dis covery, for they did not show any signs of weakness again till a good deal later on that eventful night. Out into the shrubbery, where the thick branches scratched my face and I had to gather my skirts about me lest the leaves should rustle and betray me in the stillness of that summer night. Now in the opening before the house, keep ing on the turf border to avoid the gravel path, and I paused for a moment to consider what was the next thing I must do. The field-path stretched before me, shel-. terless and open, all across the bright meadow. Not a window on this side of the house hut could command it for a quarter of a mile away — no chance of a flying figure there being undetected and unpursued. Down at the stables, under the shadow of the hill, a uroom or a stable boy might have been ldft at home from the revels at Copford Grange. I must creep past the garden and down by the glen and see. . As I moved forward, under the thick black shadow, I fell ever some alien body in my path and found I was among the five tricycles whose ghostly advent I had witnessed with such horror and dismay. The one which had nearly proved more fatal than its rider to me was a " Salvo," very like in make and size to the dear and fondly loved machine which had played so kindly a part as go-between in Charley's and my love story. As I righted myself from the shock of my collision with it, a thought seized me with the suddenness which seemed to characterise all my pro cesses of mind to-night. With one move ment I was in the saddle, then I paused and got down. With fiugers that were as steady as iron now I felt for the tool-hag and found a screw-hammer. Oh, Charley, Charley ! when you showed me, in those happy sunset hours below the weir, how simply you kept your tricycle from risk of thieves, how little did you dream of the the practical use to which I should one day — or rather one night, to speak correctly — put the knowledge so ac quired. The other tricycles were of a build to which I was not accustomed, but I found their steering arrangements had a certain family likeness, and it could not have taken me a minute to unscrew all four of the handles and remove them from their upright I held them in one hand while once more I mounted the " Salvo," which must have been ridden by an undersized malefactor, as the saddle was not above my height. - One turn and I. was gliding bridgeward over the slo ping ground. The machine ran like an ani mate thing, without noiso or sha' e or jar. Even at that supreme moment I could not help envying the burglar who owned that " Salvo," and thinking there must be allevia tions in the lot of even a professional house breaker. I was not frightened— no, I was not. I'll maintain it with my last breath; but perhaps it was as well that that machine was easy to drive, and that the road sloped downward so steeply that after a turn or two there was no farther need for toil. At the third bridge, just where the river foams over the little barrier into its rocky bed, I cheoked my course and flung the handles I still carried into the water below. The splash of their fall was not even heard above the rush of the little torrent, and I rode on the faster for that momentary pause. On, on, under the dusky shadows that made the road mysterious in their gloom and al most swallowed the golden moonlight, when it found a crevice through which to slide. On, on, between the high banks, tangled with honeysuckle and deg-roses, where Charley and I had so often sauntered, in a sort of ec static dream. On, on, with panting breath and trembling limb, unused to the violent effort and frantic haste. On, on, till the last long corner is turned, and the Warncliester road stretches white before mo, and there is at last the chance of human presence and aid. The short sharp ring of a tricycle hell, and my heart leaps with a sudden shock. The next minute there is a flash of light, the rush of a machine, not muffled and stealthy like my own, and — can I believe my eyes or oredit the too joyful truth ?— Charley— my own young lover— Charley, brave and bright , and debonair, in flannels and cap, tenuis racquet under bis arm, looms tall and erect through the moonlight, not a dozen yards away. I don't know what I said or how I hailed him. I can see at this minute the look of utter incredulous astonishment his face wore as he sprang from his saddle and rushed to my side. We didn't meet in the least like lovers; even Aunt Alicia might have been satisfied at the majestic propriety of our greeting, which was conducted with some lack of breath on my part and an utter blank be wilderment on his. It didn't take many words. I rushed over -my story with such exoited rapidity that I wonder now how Charley understood a word, of it; but then he is such a clever fellow ! I saw his face change in the moonlight from surprise to consternation, then to that look of delighted anticipation a man always expe riences at the prospect of any sort of that enjoyment they call "a row," and then, he- fore lie could even speak a word in answer to my rapid, " And now, what, must we do?" there came through the silent warm air the sudden subdued noise that is like no other noise on earth, the sound of many horses' hoofs falling in confused beat upon the dusty ground. "By Jove!" said Charley throwing up his head (a man generally invokes the heathen deities at a supreme moment, I have no ticed). "Here's luck! It's the troop of hussars that went over to Wallinghoe to put out Fotheringham's hayricks. We saw them pass while we were at dinner and Blount's with them. Come on, darling," which was his first intimationj that he had not taken me for Sally, the house-maid, or Prentice, the page, and which gratified me accordingly. I hovered in the shadow, however, while Charley ran forward to the cross roads to intercept the hussars, with Captain Blount at their head. A few hasty words of explana tion and .the troop wheeled round, and hastily fell, into marching order for Copford lane. How Charley accounted for my pre sence on a burglar's tricycle I never enquired. Captain Blount saluted courteously as he' passed the patch of inky shadow where I was in ambush, and then Charley hurriedly joined me and we rode together in the cloud of dust that floated at the heels of the last line of horses. I'm afraid we were in danger ox a collision more than once, Charley and I. He would ride so very close and try to hold my hand in his — most difficult and uncomfortable when one's wheels are high and one has to cling to the handles. However, we did not go very fast. Captain Blount was so anxious fo'r the honour and glory of capturing the thieves that he took every precaution against alarm ing them by our approach, and the nen were made to walk their horses on the turf as soon as we drew near enough to the manor- house to he audible. But robbers such as those were not to he found napping. Scarcely bad the men been dismounted by the little weir, and a party told off to creep up the footpath and surround the hack of the house, when Charley's quick eye discovered a dusky shadow gliding round the corner of the kitchen garden -wall, and with one hound he was over the bridge, and up the hill, followed by Captain Blount and a bevy of spurred hussars. There was a silent rush of four more figures before they could reach the spot, and they might have been too late after all if the tricycles had re mained intact. As it was, they rushed into the moonlight in the wildest confusion, run ning from side to side like inebriated mon sters, and when the riders threw themselves to the ground the next minute, and made for the shrubberies and the meadows, they had lost too much time to recover it. There were one or two shots fired, a clamor of shout? and some awful language from the burglar;-. Nothing that had happaned in all that terrible night was as had as the ten minutes or so during which Charley was up there somewhere, out of sight, amid the struggle, and I was left alone in the middle of the second bridge, sitting on the saddle of the burglar's tricycle, and pressing my hands over my ears to shut out the ghastly sounds, and takiiig them away lest I should miss hearing Charley's voice in what might be his last moment. He was dreadfully shocked when, he came running back to find me quite stiff and cold with terror, and then it was that my fingers began to tremble beyond all control of my sternest will, and Charley had to hold them tight between his own till they had grown sensible again. "Well, well ! it is all over, the horror of that 20th day of June. The whole hand was cap tured — Charley overpowered and took the Captain (whose tricycle I had so ooolly borrowed) with his own hand. I don't know what became of them, but I'm afraid it was hard labor for life, poor things ! I know that I was greatly rejoiced to find the strong room had resisted all their efforts, and they were still engaged upon it when the tramp of horses had warned them of our approach. Aunt and uncle came hack to find the manor-house in occupation of a party of the Hussars, whom Capt. Blount insisted on leaving in possession to guard the place till their return. The servants, I heard from Rowles, were all to go at a day's notice, and though 1 tried to he forgiving, I could not help feeling that they deserved their doom. , It was with every expectation of shaving it that I interviewed Aunt Alicia the next morning in company with Charley in order to acquaint her with our mutual guilt. If I had been a litGe older, and had learned to he surprised at nothing hut the expected, I should have been more prepared for what really took place — for Aunt Alicia, pressing me to her stony bosom, and calling me a worthy decendant of the race, and her beloved niece and benefactor ; for her gracious recep tion of Charley, and the remark that, though it was usual to apply to a guardian before venturing to woo a daughter of the House of Blessington, still she could not rebuke even impetuosity in one who had shown himself so noble and so brave. I thought my mind must have given way under the strain of all that had happened and when I had once mastered the fact that Aunt Alicia was receiving Charley as her nephew, I don't think I had any capacity left for more than a mild shock of wonder when, a week after my engagement was announced, my aunt and my uncle formally declared me their heiress, and presented me with the family diamonds in the strong room. One stipulation alone did my Aunt Alicia make — Charley must take the name of Blessington. He was not even allowed to retain the Smith, and he yielded so nicely that Aunt Alicia was actually touched, and did not insist on his leaving the army. But part of every leave we are to spend at Copford Manor-house, and so reconciled has Aunt Alicia become to all the most abhorred in the past that I shouldn't at all wonder if a. sociable were one day to find standing room in Black Gervase's old gray stables, where reposes, in solemn state and idleness, the burglar's tricycle on which I took my midnight ride on that ever memorable twen- tieth of June.— Cornhill Magazine . 