flDiecellaneousi . Feats of Jdckeys.— Frank' Butler re marked, after ono of Lis raoes for the Derby, tbat ho could havo won on cither of tho first ' threo horses. I do not know who tho othor two jockoys that opposed him woro, but I can quite understand tho thing being fea sible. Two men had ridden their own horses in a raco. After it was over, tho winner, who only (rained the verdict bva head, said to I1I3 opponent, ? - 'Now, if you liko, I will chango horses and run for tho same amount again, weights and distances as before.' This tho other jumped nt, nnd, after due 'time, it- was run off, when, to his utter as tonishment, the loser of tho first raco was again beaten, nnd tlio losing horse snccc3s Many instnnccs aro to be read of whore jockoys, after winning a race or match, have persuaded somo friend or mnster to buy the horse that wna opposed to thom and make a match with tho winner,' in which enso the -result has been reversed. Tho ' Druid ' records ono or two instances in which tho Chifneys accomplished feats of this sort. Of courso, sometimes it may happen, from their not considering the beaten hprso qnlto up to tho mark at the time ho ran; but it is recorded also that, in well known cases, they have seen that ho has not been so handled as to mnko tho most of him. A Curious Custom,— It is well known that in tho oldon times many holiday diver sions, and even occasional fairs, wfirc hold within tho precincts of English parish churcheB. For instance, in tho registers at Winchester thoro is 'to be seen a copy of a ranndnto from' William of Wykoham which forbids tho cclobration of games in tho church and the churchyard of Kingston-on-Thames. It would appear, however, that even this strong measure did not prevent the practice of nn ancient oustom, of which littlo or no: thing is known, cxccpt that it is thonglit to have been peculiar to Kingston, but which was carried on in the church itself during divine service down to tho beginning of this century. Tho congregation, used to crack nuts during tho service on the Sunday beforo tho evo of St. Michael's Day. Henco that Sunday was callcd ' Crack-nut Sunday.' The oustom was not restrained nor confined to tho younger branches of tho congregation, but practised alike by young and old ; and it is on record that the noise caused by tho 1 ? j ? j ? ti3 to obtlgo tho minister to break up for n timo bis reading or his sermon until silence was restored. Tho above custom was thought by ono or two antiquarians to havo been connected in some way 'or othor with tho choosing of bailiffs or other members 0! the corporate body on Michaelmas day, and was tho usual feast which attended that proceed ing, 'When the Brains are Out '—Two re markable and wondorful cases of recovery from bullet wounds have lately taken place in London. In ono case, that of a girl who, was shot by her lover, the bullet is deeply imbedded in the head, too deep to admit of any operation ; yet tho patient has been dis charged from the hospital, convalescent. Tho other case was one of attompted suicide, the sufferer having shot himself in the head with a revolver. In this ca3e, too, the bullet is still in tho brain, and in suoi a position ns to prevent tho operation of extractian. In spite of this, -the patient has been discharged from hospital care, and it is said that ho suf fers no inconvenience from tho consequence of his rash act. A curious coincidence in connection with these cases is that both shots wero fired on the same day, tho nineteenth of Juno, and that both cases' wero treated in the London Hospital. ' The times have been,' Bays Shakespeare, ' that when the brains wero out, the man would die.' Tho poet puts these words into tho mouth of Macbeth, when that wioked king sce3 the ghost of the murdered Banquo rise before him. In the case jast cited wo have a reality which no poet could equal in romance. Peoplo walking about in the flesh with bullets in their brains are certainly far more wonderful things than spectres. These marvellous rccovories from what, a few years ago, would have meant certain death, must bo credited to surgical skill nnd the modern antiseptic mothod of treating wounds. TTo« nPo ? Tf „„ xiiv^v/ woe vi a j. DiopuuAiu. — 'u .uu to boliovo a Btory told by tho Belgian corres pondent of tho Figaro, tho telephone has re cently boen put npon novel duty in Brussels under circumstances of an extremely tragic character. A young lady of that city mis took, it appears, tho civilities of a young man who visited at her parent's house for atten tions of a more serious nature. To her great surprise and mortification, however, sho learned somo little time ago that he was en gaged to one of her friends. Shortly nftcr she mado the discovery th6 young man re ceived a summons to plnco himself in tele phonic rapport with a friend who had some thing to say to him. The friend turned out to bo tho young lady who loved him not wisely but, ns the sequel shows, too woll. Without wasting timo on preliminaries, she asked him point-blnnk if it was true thnt be was going to marry Slndemoiscllo ? 1 Ho roplicd that it was quite true. ' Thon good-bye for ever,' were tho next words which reached his cars, and thoy were imme diately followed by the report of a fire arm. The poor girl had lodged a revolver bullet in hor heart. She had thus, with the aid of the telephone, mado tho man for whom Bhe had sacrificed herself assist at her suicide, while putting it absolutely out of his power to do do anything to prevent it. A Dream Saves, a Dog.SThcro was great rejoicing in a certain household in the town of A ? one morning over, the restora tion of a pet dog. The dog had been miss ing for threo weeks, nnd even1 a three-lino advertisement in tho local papers failed to discover his whereabouts. The ownor was plunged in grief at tho unaccountablc disap pearance of Dot, and was nearly prepared to suspect tho neighbors of foul play. Ifc nlso worried tho almost life-long employee of tho family, and one night his sleep was troubled by dreams in which ho constantly saw the missing dog in an old, unused cell, partly filled np with dirt und ashes, beneath tho sido piazza. Ho was so deeply impressed by the dream that he wnB unable to sleep after midnight, and dt six o'clock tho next morning tho household was startled by tho sound of lbrid hammering on the side piazza, Tho man was removing tho flooring, and, suro enough, when the- well wn3 exposed to view, there was tho missing, dog, alivo and well, nnd overjoyed at the prospectof libera tion. Although confined three weeks in this narrrow prison, without food or water, and air not of the purest., Dot seemed as lively ns ever, with no appearanco of ema ciation. 