THE CONTRIBUTOR. m T A TRIP TO KOSCIUSKO. l BY D. P., Corryong. That monarch of the Australian Alps, Mount KoBciuBko, towering aloft in solitary and majestic grandeur, and for the greater part of the year shrouding its mighty proportions in a robe of gleaming snow, has lately been an object of great interest to tboBe adventurous spirits who, emulating the daring of continental Alpine explorers, have invaded the wild and picturesque domain of this snow-enwreathed and cliffguarded sovereign of the mountain heights and fastnesses of Australia. My recollections as to who was the first adventurer that attained the summit of Kosciusko's snow-clad mount are extremely vague, bat I have an indistinct idea that the hero of that first successful exploit was an enthusiastic naturalist of Teutonic origin Baron Von something—who in the interests of science, strongly spiced, no doubt, with a love of adventure, essayed the first attempt "To stand 1 Where white man ne'er before had stood. Be that as it may (and of course I am open to correction), I am by no meanB so uncertain as to who was the first lady to scale the rugged heights of the hoary old mount—for I doubt not he is far older than we wot of. The heroine to whom future history will ascribe this alpine honor is Miss E. J. Mitchell, daughter of Mr, Thomas Mitchell, of Bringenbrong, New South Wales, who a year or two back, in company with Mr. James Findlay, of Towong, and other gentlemen, fearlessly braved the perils and in conveniences of a journey through bush and bracken, steep descents and dark ravines, until, elevated to the very crown of the Australian Himalaya, her fair hand rested on its rocky cairn, and for the first time a lady's dress fiut tered on the highest mountain altitude, and the soft music of a lady's voice vibrated in its lofty atmosphere. Truly, another Zenobia with another Palmyra for her throne! If it could only have been known, Australia was, for one brief interval at all events, dominated by a woman Since then several expeditions have been made to the mount, until I fancy the slumbers of the Genii of that isolated region have been some' what disturbed. The latest caravan of Kosciusko pilgrims left CorryoDg for the snowy shrine on Thursday, the 10th ult., and consisted of the following gentle men, all, with but one exception, residents of Corryong :—Messrs. Hugh Harris. W. Hunt, A Playle, — Houston, G. Arthur, A. Masters, P. Wind, Master E Scammell (of Khancoban), and last, but very far from being least, both as regards physical Btature and a consummate knowledge of bush-craft, Mr. Charles HawkiDS, who piloted the adventurous Kosciusko devotees through the wild intricacies of mountain gorge and rocky steeps. Mr. Hawkins is a true specimen of a sturdy English yeoman, a most trustworthy guide, and the returned voyageurs speak in the highest and most commendatory terms of his ability as a leader, and future expeditionary parties to Kosciusko should never fail to secure his valuable services. But ay di me! "your own" was not "in it." Not having received any intimation or invitation in regard to the con templated trip, I shared the fate of the Dutch man's anchor in being left behind, I intend having my revenge next year, though. The first day's stage was a short one, our tra' vellers only reaching as far as the dwelling' place of Mr. W. Whitehead, of Khancoban, where they spent the night. Unlike other pilgrims, our adventurers discarded all solemnity of mien and bearing, notwithstanding their important undertaking, and that night was jovially spent in singing, jesting, and general fraternal enjoy ment. Next morning the cavalcade started off in earnest, and "threading the mazes of the forest," they resolutely pressed forward towards the great mount looming in the distance. The solitudes of that primeval forest we-e wakened by the regular tramp of ten horses (one was laden with a huge pack, which, for the exten< sive and varied assortment of conveniences it held, was a veritable Pandora's box) echoes that may have been sleeping since the time of Adam were startled into life by the brisk conversation aud joyous laughter of the tourists as they journeyed on. With the exception of a temporary halt at every stream they came to, there was nothing to bar their progress. Nor did they halt because the streams were difficult to ford certainly not. These periodical stoppages con' stituted an act of devotion on the part of the pilgrimB, which devotion, being poured from an uncorked bottle and mingled with a slight modi' cum of the aqueous element, considerably re vived their spirits. One of the chief exploits was the descent of the Gee-hi wall. (I am not certain as to the correct spelling of this curious bit of nomenclature.) To accomplish this feat, the travellers dismounted from their horses, and retaining the bridles in their bands, absquatu lated " on their nether endB like a company turtles oat for a holiday, they gracefully " slither'd " down the steep incline, to the great detriment of such portions of their artificial in teguments as were exposed to the abrading effects of intense friction. This exploit per formed, the pilgrims refreshed themselves with a little more " devotion," and pressing forward they reached the first camping-ground in good time, situated at a point known by the sweet-sounding appellative of " Tom Groggin." It is believed that the commemorated Tom was the original founder of this far-out station, but as to who ~ really was, or from whence he came, or whither he went ultimately, hiBtory sayeth not. Our travellers did not know, and eigo they did care,but forthwith pitched their tent with a happy indifference as to the identity and subsequent fate of that invisible patriarch. But that night the wind arose, the rain descended, and del just as the pilgrims sank into sweet and soft re pose, unbroken even by the faintest ripple of t snore, the; were washed from their resting-place and took refuge in an antiquated slab hut that ay. perhaps, have been the country mansion of 1 * ' r _ . . . .. ... 1 a om, sur^amed Groggin. I chuckle with delight to think that on that wet, murky night, while they were shivering under the taps of Jupiter PluviuB, I was snugly ensconced between warm blankets, which was one advantage gained through being left behind at all events. During the whole of next day (Saturday) our pilgrims became prisoners, simply because the rain continued to descend with unabated force. They made themselves as comfortable as possible, however, and being provided with a goodly store of tinned meats, bread, etc, the time passed cheerfully enough, for, like all good pilgrimB, they had the means of inspiration at hand, and with exemplary resignation they learned " wherewithal to be content." On Sunday, the weather cleared up, the sun once more shone from a blue and cloudless sky, and the captives of Groggin resumed their liberty, which was devoted to the prosecution of the last st«ge to Kosciusko. Although the path was roguh and in some places toilsome, I am informed that the surrounding scenery was simply magnificent. Well-wooded heights, miaiature lake, graced on one side with a fairylike waterfall that fell in a glittering shower of silvery spray over a projecting rocky ledge, constituted some of the chief features of the scenery ; while gigantic ferns spread their graceful, pendant fronds in sylvan nooks, where wild- flowers bloomed and the musk-plant shed its aromatic perfume. Our travellers had another "slither" into a sort of gorge called the " Leatherbarrel," and while passing through a low and lengthened archway of overhanging scrub, reclining forward almost on their horses' necks Mr. Peter Wind, a gentleman of substantial stature, left behind Hm here and there tangible proofs of his having explored that wild region, in the shape of fluttering shreds and fragments of a coat which at starting was a credit to the tailor who made it, but which was ruthlessly riven from his back by the over hanging canopy of brambles. Reaching the enow, Mr. W. Hunt, who had never before wit nesBed such an accumulation of congealed water, at once expressed his appreciation of an arctic climate by literally rolling himself over and over in the vast snow-bed until he became white enough to personate the celebrated Cock-lane Ghost. Arrived at the foot of the mount, our travel lers left their horses behind and clambered to its summit, where they spent one night, and after enjoying the prospect, which was undimmed by cloud or mist, these devoted and loyal pil- grims formed a ring around the cairn, and with clasped hands raised their voices and woke the mountain echoes with a united, vigorous rendering of "God Save the Queen." Prom crag to crag, from narrow defile and rocks, ravine, and high up in the soft blue ether, the echoes replied and took up the refrain of the glorious old anthem, until it seemed as if KoBciusko had organised a special orchestral accompaniment to join the singers in celebrating the Queen's Jubilee on his hoary old summit. After a libation of some more " devotion " had been solemnly poured forth, our pilgrims descended, and forthwith started for home, which they subsequently reached in safety, delighted with their trip. This is but an imperfect sketch of a very happy excursion, and is not so complete, perhaps, as it might have been had I proved one of the party ; but I hope to remedy this defect next year. I have omitted to mention that Senior-constable Robinson accompanicd the expedition, but not, as I was gravely assured, in any official capacity. ( 