My Dbaii Belle,—If tho weather has with yon, in your lovely ollmate, It has b atrocious with us. Amy says porhapsthela aold wet month was Jublleo weather; il 3 sayMs that I prefer it in its non.jubilant says this is the antipodes, so I suppose aaaounts for the Jubiloo weather In Vic anything but " Queen's weather," No dear, I am not propnrod to say that Festival Bazaar will turn out tho mostglgai aver hold in tho Exhibition Building, nltho that suoh is tho opinion expressed by all havo paid this dreary show a visit, At the dour, I would not for a moment load you that tho bn/.aar is likely to bo a success In ai tlon of tho torm, for it would simply imagination without ovon a ghost ot truth a thousand pities that it should bo such fostlval—for tho sake of tho charity npp thnt is supposed to open Its doors humanity, whothor Christian, PngMb °r' who lileo ono of tho throo little molds will nlways " put his oar in,"says If tho Hot tho publlo aro askod to subsorlbo to la hut run on tho sarao linos as tho prosont biwaati valosoonts" of tho most pronounced nn typo or thoso who hnvo an unsworvlng I Woatmlnstor oonfosslon or tho ahortor call bo oonsldorod ollglblo for admission. W It AT ptmalaa mo moat of nil la i Wliyn i/ultl pooplo ftlwnya ao laughably Incomlitj they onaoumgo wholoanlo gambling by coiu rufltuti in ovory form iimlklntl, tlioy iluiioiinj tnblo I 'I'hoy any It la for moral roasoin, bcif ling iu no pumloloua to tho young. At ono of thoao funny llttlo luiiglw of lili muuh, iwui l'oniiu'lca, " My dour#, tlioronrov whoolH, niul thoao few puoplo of otfioriifltlflj nt'o mi tiif nlghtud ua thu uiwiny Soot, woll that tliu rnoo-tnhlo wiiHubolhlnxl fwaj by aortidn pacaonii lot' mtxowt bv»t known I Mo didn't mvy what thu rouaomi wuro.iWl <fultu miro ho mount tlioy worn ill^utli/li'T oddii tim rnouoouniu gavu ; 8 to 1, vvlillo tU with m> to I odda, Imu im irroalntlhltf f#l tho plmt'iHiiioiil gitmhlur nod |>linigur, wj oxoltomont, rlalc thnlr iiumoroiiH wlillllng I hopo of pulling off mimuthiug woi'Ut niiijl And yol, dunr, a olui'loid ftdond of moling ho oonnhhmi uny ono who r»lllu#gu(lty"'fi by oniling on I'rovlduuoo to liiwiil tJio wluj objoot, Again, dour, tho vary p««plo ,VJ iifci'ongly to ovorytldiig hut llwlr own thing wrong In tlio porlloua fmitu porforj tho uorohntii, Hut thou, dour, to tlwwl'l Hfo In ohonp, nnd brolcou boitoinml '"JjJ nothing unUiHH ono la n inoinbot1 of t'|UJ —it— I THink t told yon, Amy I'rlmr^o ono of tlio alalia. On 'ruomluy'll11"! vlowod by it woll-druiuod i^oiitloinn'b ^ l(,»l j1(l tome to that bazaar to spend £20, as the lit,to oi Ins district had told bis congregation Lpulpit that all right-minded, Christian-like L(| p„y the Convalescent Festival a visit as [iMicldt'H had, with a strong hand, put down ■j,,,ani| at one particular stall, which he named' Lie trade only was allowed. Amy at once Lj thir imposod-upon man, that with all duo gi to his clergyman, the statement was purely lm M gambling in the most spiritod form was liwhyof every stall in that building. Hearing IjjivoiiW-he purchasor rotirod without spending lnoy beyond his admission money. LWR dear, whether mother over told you " 'u' rcUgtous squabble that ooourrod Bomo ■ >in Iilverinn. The church in the diatrict was II 1 almost hopelessly In debt. A meeting was , consider the question, and it was settled by jfe leading residents ofiorlng to got up a grand III tot would lest over throo days. This was oar hi in 30 thorough a manner that a largo financial »»;«the result. A cheque was duly sont to tho mm, anil roturnod with a memo, to tho effect (■declined to rocolvo monies procured in suoh an i way. A fow clays aftomvards tho money was (rial to tho Bishop, who In reply warmly thanked mmittce for tholr gonorous and unsolllah labours. jy! comical part of tho story is that this very layymnn did not think it unholy to bottle off a Ihcgibead of tho vory boat old port (sont a presont pmmunion scrvico by a wealthy squatter, now Ipt ftdaclava), for his own use, and ro(III tho peuk with some two-year old colonial wino that I togged from a poor German vignoron, Tho ti win, howovor, disaovarod by tho astounded 1 being noarly poisoned while taking tho com in»mc throo months afterwards. fx of lovoly fancy drosses. You should 'have 1 phono i saw at Moubray, Itoivan and Hick's, for i Thompson, It bnfllus description. Just fci.ll you can, a sorlos of lovely ambor-oolourod •iih,covorod with a tissue of golden gau/.e, over Rlightly rcstod huttorfllos in oriontal gorgoous 1 By (hi papers 1 saw that this dross had boon jWlint prluo at tho skating rink competition, a Vllih did not surprise nio In the least. Jar,Captain 'l'ralll Is raally, truly, and post IfdijMpl at lait, Govoramont House pooph I»yj,nro awfully given to matrimony, Oaptali Ttyiimv Is Miss lilthol Sumnur, tho daughter ol r^hl) popular and oxoouillngly charitable gom for many yours ono of the principal shl| I"In Victoria, nml thu grand-daughter oC tho lati |JI. l'oors, a pillar la the Wosloyau Ohuruh, h I"/Brit days of unrly Melbourne. ktaiUy Wy Iiouh \mhl it vlalt fco tha lGxhlbltlon |i) lVumu, itUotulutl by (Juptivln Ivnttlv- Kitloonui'i phiMulnwny tho bust-lookluK A.'U.U, Bit' Utmvy Ihtmot lnul yet, itiul I um tuiro II! thin hiimlnomo ■HMnhiHany imvtou-i uuitrlmouhtl lutontloun ho |Ult« I'llnou llutiry ot IhtUuubutg, to whono plihoUm a uttouK nmumbhinou, hnvo no tlini« pclwosliijj mi Aualntllnu brltki tfU'tud svlth ovot'y F'1"' Uy<tlu).l>yu, pit Muyn thu Murqitla oE Abut K Unl NovlUu'n i'ltthor, Itt itbout to hitvu it pMcoulutiiHl on him, I to iinyii thuvu In ttl«« lv t" font Hit Ikmvy lirmnmoiul Woolf, who vvhm ti^iolnlod Uovoruov of Mitih'tttii in Ultoly to ptoAmkMlitn Uovovnornhlii nost yoitt*. -i [IM l,ooli \ iwwuIho (tooonqmnUul lit huv ohitvltivblo '5 to TuiwtUy hy )iut> ilnu^hfciu', MittUimolnollci "twill Mm, j, oinvlui, Mm, Hprcmt, whom "M not (toon for ynnni, ntul Mrn, lllttokwooilt |*vt looking a dun mo imilklur thitn whon I hu.it P'iU'uwMmiwllh lituly Uiuh, In honor oEtlunm sjj to tXdduiUtmiy onJuynbUi aonoort wttn nlvou, ' ""wiKaUovmim uoim wltlt nil thu ohitrm nho * iwn'oiuinl liur himi'imi, Mm, I lor/, wivm Ihik V'1'*1'^^^hi'uVlutii tvonllor, lfllalo lliill( L.',Mbw* 'mil luitoumkxl nit ,by liur nkllEul ,ou mu* lii'Ullitnt oxuoutkm, AEtuvwiu'chi Mr. Furlong gave us " Ye gallants o£ ISngland " so magnificently that we wished some other ooncert sing ers had only half his excellent style and pure voice. But the gem of the afternoon was the singing of the threo wee daughters of that oharming and clover lady, Mrs. Gordon Ballllo, whose kindly interest in the well being of the poor, half-starved Scotch oroftors has in ducod her to forsalce home and frionds, in her Chris tian endeavour to provide a home for her country men, .whom Bhe loves so dearly, The three wee winsome lassies, aged respectively olght, six, nnd four years, mndo one of the prottiosb pictures, as they stood on tho platform drossed in cream serge smook froolcs, tied at the baok of the nook with long flots of black ribbon volvot. Their stockings were black and their tiny little foot wore onoased in black shoos. The first trio wns that protty little song, " Robin," which thoy sang in a delightfully oharming way j their protty childish voices sounding to;perfeotion, whllo the words of both this and their enooro'song, '• Tho Spider and tho Fly," wore spoken as oloarly as if out by a diamond. Tho ;sooond eldest of Mrs. Gordon Bailllo's woo daughters, it is rumoured,-is tho original of Mahals' groat picture, Cherry lilpe. Auntie, you know, oamo out with Mrs. Gordon Baillio, the four ohlldron, (three" girls and a boy), Mrs. Matthowa and sovoval oroftors, In tho Ionic, last December, and spoaks of hor as baing exceedingly clover and fascinating, Tho performance, as far as wo are concerned, ended with an extromoly protty exhibition of fancy dancing by tho pupils, of that clover lady, Miss Hyams. HEiii/B cJoar, I'll novor forglvo you if you don't oomo down when the grant Phil Robinson ooramonaaa hia aorioa of lauburos, Of hia morlta, as a looturor of oourao, I aannob give an opinion, novor lmvlng hoard him j bub X have road savoral of hia books, vlss,, hia (' Hiawatha," "As told to tho Savngoa," and a talo on tho fullura of rabbit extermination in Viotorla, and those aro qulta enough to oonvlnoo mo that that Prlnoo of Shownion, R. S. Srni'blip, knowa what ho ia about, and has what our American frlonda .would any " struck, oil" again. Tiiu ball to bo glvon to-night by tho Mayor and MnyoroHH of Frail ran, Mr, and Mrs, 0, Forboa, is, to bo one of tho brlghtoot ontorbalnmonta of this jubiloo auaaon, but for pnvbloulnrs you muat bo aontonb to wait until next weak, To- morrow (Friday) night wo aro going to tho Students' Xfanoy Ball, whloh ia oxpaotod to bo a partlaulavly faahlonablo danao, 1 know it will be an uxauodlrigly erowdud ono, and that aomo lovely droaaoH aro to bo worn, and If thoistudonts only prove thomaolvaa attantiva aa tlia union man did at tho laat ono, tlioy will bo porfoot hosts, ON Woduoacluy, Amy utul I, unclor thooaoorb oE Jnok i'jrlmroso, wont to tiou Mloa Unbollu Wllklo runrrtod to Mi1, Itobort Unllllo, Tbo wedding orontod much ox« oltomont In tho neighbourhood oE Soota' Ohuroli, as tho protty brldo wua bora and rourud Imtuodlutoly oppoalto tho auorod odllloo, ami, although wo arrived qulto ourly, ho grout wum tho crowd that wo woro obliged to rout (Kintuntud with ntuudlug mom la fch gullury, Thbt wadding oiia aoai'iioly bo oullod n protty cmo, bat tluia no Hootoh wuddlugn uro, nor woro tbo llorul dooorutloua particularly atrlktug, oxoopt that on oltliur iildo of a largo wroath of wldtn (lowoi'H woro two floral Initial lottura, It. It., dignifying Hob and Holla, tbo pot namort of tbo brldo and bridegroom, It wan a lovoly day, and tbo mm auldom alamo on a prottlor brldo or a bandaomor bridegroom than tboao of VVodnonday, Tbo brldo woro tbo boaatlfal gown In whlolt aim wan proauritud at tbo fjiioou'a Drawing Hooio, no that If It illd not look ((idto mo froab aa tboao of lair brldoamuldn If oortalnly liad a grand hhfory aftaobod to If, Nho woro bor voll In qulto a now wny, wblob woidd liavu boon vory iinboooiulng bad If not boon for tbo bounty of tbo woaror, Mho watt uttondud by eight brldoamalda, aix ol! wltoitt woro oblldrun, Tbo IIrat two, Mlaa (larrlo and .10tally Wllklo (diatom of brldo), M latum Nora, (llatlya, and .loan (tbo duitgh" tora of I), Wllklo), Mitts Vlolot (daughter of ifamoa Wllklo), Mhis ilouu I'rloo (daughter of tlol, 1,'rloo and nlooo of tbo bridegroom), and Mbm lllattobo Clrnydon (tho nlooo oE Oolonul JJruwnrlgg), AH tho pretty dresses were of soft white Indienne sllk> with white veils rolievod by a flot of ribbon on tho top of the head 5 the little children wearing bronfce silk stookings and shoes j and all wore bar brooohos sot with diamonds, the gift of the bridegroom-. Mr. and Mrs. B. Baillie aro spending their honeymoon at Ballarat. Amongst the guests I noticed CJapt. Traill looking so beaming, bright and happy as he ohattod to his future sister-in- law, that I would not have believed thnt the power of love could have offeoted suoh a transformation had I not witnessed it, I wonder If you will recollect my tolling you, nonrly a year ago, about a young girl in ono of ttao prlnolpal country cities who dovoiopod a dcop attach ment for a ma.tried man, not for his boauty, youth, or monoy, hoboing sadly doflolont in all these attributes, But, strange to say, dear, the wlfo of his youth and the mother of his ten children, from grown up down to baby, oxhibited no nasty jealous feelings on the matter i But as the course of true love ran as usual, difficulties, in the shape of suspooting oreditors, throw him into durance vile, and so sopnratocl those two fond hearts. At tho termination of sentence, both wife and affinity drove togethor to give him a doublo welcome, eaon with an infant in arms, Anothor difficulty aroso as to which of tho homos ho should go to, his old legitimate home or tho now ono his affinity offered, for she had inherited a fortune of some thousands during hor lover's' absence, He decided on the lattor, and thoso two worthies are now doing a thriving trade in a country store, and the two families are on tho most harmonious terms, interchanging visits with a charming simplicity of froe lovo only equalled in Mormon Land. Now that tho woathor really Booms to bo more kindly inolinod, wo aro going to bo awfully gay. Nor, in addition to tho balls I have alroady montlonod, thoro is to bo tho Homeopathic, whloh is always ono of tho best of tho soason, and thoroughly deserves tho patronage it always roooivos. Then oomos tho Grand Jubilee conaort, glvon by Sir W, J, Oinrko, and to which flvo thousand guosts aro invited, Thou about tho ond of tho month an amateur performance will bo glvon in St, Potor's school-room, It will not bo a very largo affair, but oxoaptlonally good it must bo when tho prlnoipal parts will bo undertaken by Mrs, Graydon and Miss IDlalno T,vooddalo, Ool. Brownrlgg, and Mr, Ooro-Stovonaon. No moro just now from youra vory alnaorolyi * * ' ' h'; ■■ ^?>l.;r ! i v.Uii-l Tuifl Osborne Mountod KKlomon's and Military Annual Ball took plaoo in ttio Now GHsborno Ma ohanlos' Hall on Wadnoaday ovonlng, July 0, and was a grant suoooss, Uoprosontntlvos of tho UnUnrnt Rangors, Nordonfolrlt Battory, MastMolbourno Artillery,Kyno ton Rides wara prasont, Tho hnll was beautifully dooora tad for tha oooaalon, and nil tho arrangomonta woro aomploto. Tlia mualo was good and tha tofroshmonts wara oxaollant, nnd dancing was kopt up till an oavly hour on Thursday morning. Amongst tho Indies pro aont woro i—Mrs. Burgass, to a hnndaomo aostuma of pnlo bluo plush, squaro out uorsago and lOll/abothuu aollar, trlmmod with poarls, diamond ploatud skirt of sumo tralnod .with Honlton laoo and poarls, Miss Oook (Now Glaborno), handsorao black brooho satin bodloo, protty laoo skirt, and wearing taatofully ar« raugod llowora, Mrs. Bowlo, groy silk and cardinal, Mrs, Lansdown, hnndaomo black satin costume, Miss Tldymann. handsome coatumo composed of white satin, squaro out pointed bodloo, pearl noclclot, urcam nob skirt trimmed with poarls, Miss ilussoy, very protty, oroam oashmoro dross, trlmmod with bluo satin, Miss Mlllor (JJayloaford), oharmlng oostumo, oonHlstlug of V-out pointed bodloo of ruby plush and poarls | protty white ombroldorod skirt, Mrs, IColloy, oroam satin Miss Benson, , protty white and bluo silk costume, Miss N, Collins (St, ICUda), prune satin costume oroam laoo, Miss 8, Oolllna, white ombroldorod oosbumo and poarls. Miss Ward, noab blaolc oostumo, Miss IVarroll, laoo oostumo (vory protty), Miss (Joule (VVoodond), blaok satin, T11io return ball glvon to tho Mayor and Mayoress of t'loolong (Mr, and Mrs, .Boll), on Tuesday July 7, pro ved one of tho most enjoyable social ovonts hold at (I oolong for sumo time past, Tho arrangomunts In thu hands of an Influential oomudttoo with tho energetic Town Cllovk, Mr, ill', J, Heath, as soorotary, loft notldng io bo doslrod, About 100 oouplus wore present, and a programme of the newest dunoe muslo, supplied by lloutlaU's band, consisting of UP danous, was gone through, The drossos of the ladlus wuro varied, and in some eases very handsome | noticeable amongst which wore the following i—M iss Mlmson, rloh dross of butter oup satin, Mrs. Hinltli (Dr,), pale bine brooadu, waterfall el! bunded net. Miss 'I ulte, plain dross of while satin relieved with crimson knots of velvet, crimson marabout, funthor In hair—vury stylish, Mrs, (Dr.) Hmale, very lady-like in black laue ami scarlet leathers, Mrs, .liusoullos, eardlmd niervollluux and black Spanish laec. Miss Mohtiiioi's, black not skirt, bodice of blaok satin, MIrs, (Dr.) Htudart, blaok velvet and Honlton lace, Miss Donsghy. protty dross of white Indian silk, Miss Lloyd loo Iced well In a bu ootnlng dress of blault laoo relieved with suariut, Miss Bull, In salmon pink slllc. 