CRUMBS. Trade reviving. Martyr O'Brien. Planting weather. Premier John Smith. A Joseph s coat Ministry. Cradcck ghost still lively. A policy of rags and tatters. Grand season for the gardens ? The Queen was 68 on Tuesday. Tarnellite split over Crimes Bill. •Sir William Robiuson. G.C.M.G. German Crown Prince seriously ill. Kuropean wheat market hardening. Chinkies pouring iu ut Port Darwin. An Imperial General for Australasia Another petty German frontier arrest. French Crown jewels Bold for £280,000. Premier John jumped at that K.C.M.G. ButteriDe or butter—that is the question. Queensland Separationists again snubbed. Parisians determined to have Boulauger in cfhce. Chinese Commissioners not likely to visit Adelaide. Martin's foundry at Gawler working day snd night. Is an immediate revision of the tariff the next trim V Cbaffey Brothers don't intend to " lobby" our M.P.'s. Over 1,000 men were reviewed by His Excellency. The letter Y at the levee was monopolized by the Japs. In its delivery Mr. Parsons's lecture was a great success. Mr. Parsons had one or two sly pokes at the Ministry. Payment of members a part of your policy, or out you go. Five tons of gold have been exported from Port Darwin. Late rains have made Riverina a very pic ture of plenty. Jackman's latest tit-bit—j ugged Kangaroo Island wallnby. Wanted, a tew more planks for the Minis terial platform. Some country districts arc now crying out for fine weather. Ten-acre lots in Bookmark colony to be sold at £20 an acre. The Treasurer has decided not to attempt to tinker the tariff. Angaston has 1,200 acres of fruit-trees and 1,700 acres of vines. French peace party willing to sacrifice General Boulanger. Sir Henry Holland rough on the Queens land separationists. Payment of members to be plank in Government policy. Change of venue clause in Crimes Bill likely to be dropped, Victorian Treasurer expects a surplus of nearly half a million. Riverina people indignant at our Treasurer poll-taxing John Egge. W ill Johnnie swallow the two P.'e—Pocket money and Protection ? Proposed Pope's Eye Fort near Melbourne estimated to cost £190,000. Fortnightly escort from the country brought 628 oz. gold to Port Darwin. Anything, anything but loss of office—that is the policy of Johnnie's team. A French Cabinet without General Boulanger declared impossible. Victorian Minister of Lands' son the rebel ringleader at Dookie Farm. It is not what you take in but what yon don't put out that makes you rich. 20 lb. of Australian-cut tobacco collared by Colinderies JudgeB from one exhibit, A fortune-teller has told the Emperor of Germany that he will live till he is 96, The 7,OOOjwell dressed people on the Oval did cot show much sign of depression. Sketch of Glenelg's old gumtree to be sent to the Queen. Why not a chip as well ? Tasmanian apples fetching good prices in London—and no help from Government, Another chance for the Ministry—make payment of members a Cabinet question. Wilcannia people denounce the Govern ment for poll-taxing Egge the river trader. They have had to send to Scotland for some one to settle the Scots Church dispute. Over 650 ladieB and gentlemen at the Governor's reception on Saturday afternoon. Glenelg's Young Australians caught the Sunbeam—Port fossils and Savages nowhere. Rabbit-skins are worth 4d. per lb. in London, S.A. Government rabbiters leave them to rot. Canadians won't have their Governor General abused by Pat O'Brien or any of his tribe. The Commissioners from the Celestial Land are surely not afraid through Egge's treat ment. This 1 week's Observer contains a fac eimilie of Parnell's famous letter to the Times. Fancy Hanson, Strangways, or Boucaut submitting to have a plank forced into their policy ! How it appears that the Irish College at Rome did not present that anti- Gladstonian address. The Edinburgh masons have resolved to ask for an advance of wages from 6^d. to 7d. per hour. The Czar has prohibited the importation of patent medicines — 800 infallible cures all •boycotted. Sanguine men are the motive power of the world, while the bilious are the drags upon the wheels. Natives' profits from their industries not likely to be great if bossed by lawyers and middlemen. In Sydney working men can get technical education of undoubted quality from 3d. to 6d. a lcsBon. Brisbane people set their teeth on edge with Bour grapes over the last South Aus tralian loan. Commissioner Furner wants 500 yards of lace and 300 lacestrings. Turned man milliner, eh ? *' The Vagabond" is making a trip to the South Seae for a London paper and the Melbourne Age. Where is the dignity of the Ministry when they are ready to submit to having their policy dictated ? We will not tackle the business of the country unless we are paid for it—that's what 30 members say. " A miserable, measley sort of place"—this of Fair Adelaide, by a Sydney M.P, Will he visit the Exhibition ? Why should the Council be forced to take payment for services which they are willing to render gratuitously ? Sir Samuel Davenport says that the art collection by the Austral is the finest got together in the colonies. Official charity was always hard, and its tendency was to become despotic and even brutal, says Dr. Jefferis. The Irish BishopB are doing all in their power to excite public feeling in Ireland against the Coercion Bill. Mr. Warton, the Attorney-General for W, A., first distinguished himself in the Com mons by a pantomimic effort. " The Vagabond" conld not have heard the prince of the three South Australian orators —the ornate modest Rowley 1 £35,0£0 has been spent on one claim in the Northern Territory, and every penny of it has been taken ont of the claim. First fruits of the Jubilee Exhibition—As many saloon passengers to Adelaide by the Austral, bar one, as to Melbourne. An enthusiastic visitor to Teetulpa says ilieic is enough gold in the reefs there to pay the National Debt. So mote it be. The Northern Territory papers seem to have hut one string to harp upon just now, namely, abuse of .South Australia. Sir John Franklin sailed May 24, 1845 :— T wbjles claw the elbow o' troublesome thought; But man is asodger, and life is a faught. Innocent old Mich. Kenny proposes a Jubilee procession of 10,000 to 15,000 Irish men, headed by Kingston Brothers! Students at Dookie Farm complained that they had not a fair chance of getting away when doing anything wrong. Shame ! Chaffey Brothers have given evidence o personal bona fides, but the contract with them should be settled in a business-like way. Before the agreement with Messrs. Chaffey Brothers is ratified, a statement should be incorporated showing exact conditions of sale. Why should the time of Ministers be taken up with long-winded speeches on subjects which can be adequately represented by letter ? Some rich people find amusement by ima gining that they are poor, but there is mighty little enjoyment in a poor man imagining he Is rich. Technical education Ib recognised not only as a national necesBity in N.S. W., but as one of the greatest means of preventing larri kinistn. Who believes that either the G.O.M or any of his friends care a dump about what a small clique in Kerne think about him or his actions ? The last story about the Premier of South Australia is that to secure his privacy on board the Paramatta he has booked as plain Mr. Smith. We have heard about the three tailors of Tooley street, but who are the members of the Irish College of the Human Catholic Church at Home ? l'he Rev. Mr. Dovcie considers it scanda lous that the " Christian colony of New Zea land should be chiefly governed by a Jew and a couple of infidels." Two hey stowawayB were discovered lately on the Atlantic steamer Kansas, who had been thirteen days without food, fresh air, or water fit to drink. The exposure of that species of humbug by which the Tories and their friends are endeavouring to justify their exceptional measure of coercion." The author of "Home Sweet Home" never bad a home ; and George Macdonald who has eleven children, is the author of "Annals of a Quiet Neighbourhood." Mr, Justin McCarthy declares that at one time Lord Randolph Churchill expressed his willingness to stand for an Irish constituency as a Home Rule candidate. The Lighthouse Board of America have resolved to light up M. Bartholdi's Statue of Liberty, and to make it one of the most powerful fixed lights in the world. As the new four-shilling piece is a come down from the crown, it is suggested that it should be named " The Downer." Compli ment to the colony as well, you see. Old Rusk in says he is prepared to spend " all his best bad language in refutation of bi-tri-and-4-5-6 or 7-cyoles, and every other contrivance for superseding human feet on God's ground." An automatic toll-taking device for public telephones is being experimented with iu the United States. The dropping of a coin of sufficient size and weight completes the electric circuit. The Mont de pietd, a pawnbroker's establishment iu Paris, established by Royal command in 1717, often has in its possession forty casks filled with gold watches that have been pledged, Columbus died. May 25,1506:— In many a way.'and vain essay, 1 courted Fortune's favour, O ; Some cause unseen still stept between, To frustrate each endeavour, O. The Tablet has evoked from the Moniteur de Rome a declaration to the effect that while Leo XIII. disapproves of the revolutionary movements, he will not interfere with " legal and constitutional action" in Ireland. Anne Boleyn beheaded, May 19,153G:— But far-off fowls ba'e feathers fair, And aye until ye try tbem ; Though they seem fair, stid have a care, They may prove waur than 1 am. York Minster damaged by fire, May 22, 1810:— The high-arched windows, painted fair, bhow many a Baint and martyr there. As on their slender forms I gaze, Methinks they brighten to a blaze! Jubilee statistics — Duriug April 19 pas sengers were conveyed on Port Broughton and Barunga Railway, in 26 trips, of 10 miles each, at Is. Id. per bead. Audit Commis sioners busy working out net profit for reduc tion of deficit. Bcnry VIII. divorced from Catherine, May 23,1533:— A bonnie lass, I will confess, Is pleasant to the e'e; But without some better qualities She's no a lass for me." An agriculturist thus lias his say:— " Should a fortnight's fine weather come now, the farmer who is cot pleased would be hard to Eatisfy." SmackB of grumbling, don't it ? There, farmers can't always be jubilant; much less satisfied. Lord Mayor of Dublin satirized the young sprigs of the aristocracy who " enter the House night after night, not a bit too sober with flushed faces and shut fists, like the jibtopsail of a schooner yacht, to howl down the Irish members." Richard Wagner bom, May 22,1813 :— Heaven seDd your heart-strings aye in tune, And screw your temper-pins aboon, a fifth or mair, The mebmcholious, lazy croon O' cankrie care! Lord Cranborne, M.P., eldest son of the Prime Minister, has became engaged to Lady Cicely Alice Gore, the daughter of Lord Arran. The lady, who is just twenty, is very beautiful and exceedingly popular. The wedding will be the match of the season. Mr. CroBby wants to know what kind of mother the man had who wrote the follow ing:— If woman was little As she is good A peashell would make her A gown and a hood. A Ladies' Walking Clnb has been started in New York, the members of which pledge themselves to walk a certain distance every day. : Each member wears a pedometer, and the amount of shopping they do gives their husbands and fathers cold creepB when the bills come in. Said the Chinese Commissioner to the Go vernment Resident:—" In proportion as the Government Residence becomes hidden be the surrounding foliage, so do the architec tural beauties of the edifice become manifiest to the beholder." Mr. Parsons hag not yet recovered from the shock. The extent of the Russian Empire which is one-seventhof the land,surfaoe of the earth, or one-twenty-eighth of ita whole area, has a population of lOO.OCO.OOO. On the average , one child is born every eight seconds, and one death ooours every eleven eeoonds, so that in 60 years the Czar of all the Bnssias will hold way sover 200,000,000 of people. Dr. William Chambers (one of the founders of Chambers's Journal) died May 20, 1883 Nalr wmiT we see bis levee door Philosophers and poets pour, And toothy critics by the score, In bloody raw I lbs adjutant o' a' the core, Willie's awa' 1 A gentleman of about £50,C80per annum, in the parish of Wolverhampton (says the report of the Midland Mining Commission), when asked to contribute to Ettingshatl Churoh, excused himself by saying that the mines would be worked out in about seventy years, and then the people would move, and the Church would be of no use. "That this meeting of the people of London, being determined henceforth to treat Ireland with justice, emphatically con demns the Coercion Bill, and pledges itself to nse every legitimate means for securing its rejection." This was carried at a meeting attended by between 60,000 and 150,COO of the Liberal and Radical working men of London. A happy idea for commemorating the year of Jubilee has emanated from a well-known soap firm. They have regretfully observed that the public statues of London, have become so enshronded in smoke and grime as to have almost passed beyond the stage of recognition, eo they have offered at their own cost to submit the statues to a thorough cleaeiug and purifying, Bismarck's earliest initiation into Mini sterial life was at a crisis between the Prussian King and his Parliament. The King de mended a large army vote, the Parliament refused to grant it. Bismarck, the King's Prime Minister, said:—" Not by speechifying and majorities can the great questions of the time be decided—that was the mistake in 1848-9—but by Blood-and-Iron." Norwood cyclists visited the Stockade cn Saturday—plenty of inspection, but no re freshments. A parched pedaller relieves himself so:— Upon his wheel he turned, and csst an angry look At the prison there upon toe hill, and thongbt about the cook; Bis hot and thirsty frame was much in need of cheer Prom Norwood larders eke washed down with draughts of local beer. An Irishman, being placed at the Bar, felt quite uneasy when arraigned, and complained bitterly that he should be placed in such an awkward position, bd far from friends and home. The Judge felt kindly toward him, and said, "Becalm, young man. You may j rest assured that, although among strangers, fullyVsfice will be done you." "Be my eoul, yer honour," groaned Pat, " and it'e the fear of that same that troubles me 1" A soldier having, by order of a court martial, been sentenced to receive corporal j punishment, one of the drummers ordered to inflict it absolutely refused, saying it was not his duty, "Not your duty?" repeated the adjutant, "what do yon mean?" "I know very well," replied the drummer, "that it is sot my duty. I was present at the court martial as well as you, and I heard the colonel say he was to receive corporal punish ment. I am sot a corporal, I am only a drummer." It iB singular that the name of God should be spelled in four letters in almost every known language. It is, in Latin, DenB; in G.eek, Zeus; Hebrew, Adon ; Syriac, Adad; Arabian, Alia; Persian, Syrs; Tartarian, Tgan; Egyptian, Aumn or Zent; East Indian, Esgi or Zeul; Japanese, Zain; Turkish, Addi; Scandinavian, Odin; Wallachian, Sene; Margian, Eese; Swedish, Oodd; Irish, Dich; German, Gott; French, Dieu; Spanish, Dios; and Peruvian, Llan. " Father," exclaimed the prodigal, ainkir^ to the ground, " I have no right to look y our face, I have disgraced your honourable name for ever." "Oh, my eon, my son!'1 sobbed the old man, " what have yon done ?" " While I was in London," continued the cringing prodigal, " I . " Oh, you have broken my heart, my son." " Nay, but hear me out. While in London I got drunk, lost all your money in a gambling-house, stole a I watcb, cot into a street fight, was sent to : gaol, and had to work my way home as a common sailor." " Is that all ?" shrieked the delighted old mm, " come to my arms. Take this cheque- book. Oh, my dear, dear son, I feared the Queen had made you an English lord." Stock (on the jetty)— When Holdfast Bay with all her wealth Delights to honour Brassey, She does not seek her end by stealth, Oh ! no; she's not so sassy. Brassey (at Albany)— Weather rough; Had enough. Indian Ocean; Much commotion. Where away. Safe to stay ? Quin (late Harbourmaster)— O sail into the harbour, Where your friends may come aboard. In the river bo salubrious, My gay and festive Lord. 