Australian Tales and 'Adventures. No. 15. A STRANGE STORY. By R. P. WHITWORTH. The story I am about to relato is a strango one. Is it true? I do not know. Judged from the stand point of every day experience, I should say that it is impoeiblo that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it seems and is to me, I cannot but believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of tho.o things which cannot be explained, and which will not be explained away. "e live our visible lifs, e lb were, p?s.0cg, over a narrow bridlge lying: lelwen two im. measurable golfe, that behind os being the irrevocable past, and that before, the in. ecrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, science tolls us nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my story tell what I think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many years ago, when I was a young man, little more than a youth in fact, just come from England to seek my fortune in this fair land of Australia, I had made up my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two of us, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of about the same goeasmy. self, and I was deeply attached to him, as he was to me. We had been at school and col. lego together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well edu. rated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity that so often go hand in hand with ignor. ance. As I have said, we were deeply attached to each other, a case of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. We had come out 'in the same ship, and had vowed never to separate, but to stick together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wild life of the cattle kings, of the boundless'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Cross, and ourhearta swelled high with hope that we too, someday, should become, as they were, lords of the soil. But to become squatters, it was necessary for us to know something about squatting. We wore fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and acting on the advice of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business of which we kneow nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep we would have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep ran did not suit our ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for us. It lackedtheepice of romanoe attendant upon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down etony defiles and steep gullies, the camping out be. neath the giant gum trees in the solemn bush, the crackingsetokwhipe,thecabbage-tree hate, the blue shirts, the breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable- on paper. Therefore, on a cattle station would we go. There was no great dilauoulty in the matter. There were plenty of squatters who would willingly take us on their runs, and "break as in "-for a consideration, of course. One of these offers we accepted,. It was on the station of a gentleman named Macgregor, a canny old Sootchman, which was situated on the upper part of the Ooulburn river in Viae. toria, and which embraced some seventy thousand acres of good open forest country, carrying about eight thousand five hundred head of cattle. 'We wont to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that we snocceeded admirably. We were both toler. ably good horsemen to begin with, and ans old Macgregor was a rigid and exact man, who would have his work done thoroughly well, and as we were anxious to learn, we, ere long, were turned out really good bushmen. So mmuch :o that after we had been with the old gentleman a little over two yeare, hopro. posed to us that weshould take the sole charge 'of the station during a visit which he proposed to take to the old country. Nothingoouldhavdueited us better. Young, ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at thbo offer, and ere another month, he had departed on his home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house of our employer, practi. cally "bosses " of the situation, and certainly, monarchs of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrao's, over the ranges some twenty mrles away. Oarhouse, as we considered it, was a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round three sides. It stood on the crown of a swelling down that formed the home paddock, and that eloped away pust a small creek that formed one of the affluents of the Goulburn, to the foot of a range of hills about five miles away, and that shut in the view to the north. Through this range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as "Macegregor'o Gap," and be. ing the sole means of communication that existed between'our peaceful valley and the feverish worldwhoec heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of the house was losed, for therewere far more rooms than two bacholor's could possibly use. We each had a bedroom, entered from the front verandah, and our common sitting and dining room lay between the two, and was as well our oilleo, smoking.room, library, and musiocroom, for Mr. Macgregor had a good selection of books, and a splen. did pianoforte and harp for the use of his two daughters, who had accompanied him home. Our household consisted solely of our two selves, Aleo. Payno, the head stookman, who slept over the stables, an ugly and hot. tempered old Scotchwomau named Meg, who cooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the back of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the "Mfaister," and tyrannised over us accordingly, and a singularly handsome oolley slut named Fly, who located in spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her own sweet will and sovereign pleasure. The station hands had their huts at con. eiderable distances, and we rarely saw any of them, except when they came to the house for rations, or on other business. Halcyon dayso, indeed, were those we passed in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing in the Goulburn, bshooting in the hills, kbnga. rooing on the flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who couldhavobecnhappierthanJackAlleyne,that was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. But our time of unalloyed happiness was not to Ist. The blnecks took to spearing our oattle. Why they did it we could not toll, for we had always treated the fw who lad ehown up on the run with the utmost kindness. Where they came from we could not conjes. tare, for thore were practioally none belong. Ilg to our Immediate neighbourhood. None, In faot, of any acoount, nearer than the Warrigal tribes of Gippeland. Theywere:oroolouesand misohievoum enough we know, but we could not imagine that they would leave their native haunts so far away the southward, and aross the all but inae. cossible fastnesses of the main range to do us an injury. We could not account for their presence, we could find no reason for their acte, unless, indeed, they were some wnder. ing tribe who had been badly used by the white man somewhere, and were revenging. themselves indisoriminately on friend and foe alike. . ' But there was the unmistakable fact., We were first made aware of it by Alee. our head stockman, riding up to the house in hot haste one forenoon with the intelligence. He had, so he informed us, been out to one of the cattle camps, and returning by the foot of the hill had came across blood marks on the grass. Following them up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our iloicest breed. The blacks had carried off soels of the flesh, and had left the rest to the haooes. Wa hbe sure it was the blacks who had done it ? Quite sure. There was no mistake about that, for he had seen the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden up to the house as fast as he could, to see what was to be done. \--What was ltn bedone?.-- b I that was A poser. Find the marauding econndrels. Jlust so. But where to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no doubt, gone this way or that, who could tell ? It was our first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous ones, and we were com. pletely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Aleo. to our counsels, eat up late that night discussing the matter, al. though with but little result further than that we determined to keep a strict look out for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run, early and late, as we might, we never could come across them. Had we had native trackers we might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blacks have awonderfol inEtint,and a naturellov for this bloodhound kind of work-it is strange, indeed, how the partially nivilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in tracking and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribe, but ao it is-but we had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the bushcraft an'i the thousand and one shifts and tricks of these cunning denizens of the woods and wild lfor concealing themselves and eluding pursuit. But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get reports of freeh outrages. Not content with slaughtering an occasional beast for food, they had, as is their wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, and for sheerlove of bloodshed. Who cold toll howsoon they, treacherous nod vindictive as they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings as well as cattle. At all events we went continually armed, we and the stockman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account of some of them, could we have found them, which as I have said, we could not. Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of the country for we had no further alarms, and were just beginning to congratulate ourselves in having got rid of our troublesome visitors, when almost simul. taneously we heard of no fewer than three fine young head of cattle being found slaughtered in widely dillorent parts of the run. We were at our wit's end, but clearly something must be done, and at once." This kind of thing could not be permitted to go on. But how to prevent it I Why the wretches had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they had extended them to other parts of the district we did not know. Again we hold a council of war, and again we felt ourselves powerless to cope with the evil. Wo felt certain that the blacks were about in force, but whether they were camped in the dense bush that bordered our run, or whether, as was most likely, they had their head quarters in the rugged mountain ranges to the north ward of us, we were unable to any. It is as certain however that they wore not located on the run, as, had they been, we should have been sure to have fallen in with the marks of their fires, if not with the ruins of their wurloys of branches of bark. We seat late in the night without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, lurther than that Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to ride over to Oarfrae's the following morn ing, and consult with our neighbour as to what had boat be done.. Perhaps that was the best thing after all, for Mr. Oarfrae had been a long time in the colony, and might reasonably be supposed to be better acquainted with the habits of, the savage tribes, and the best method of dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strange, and altogether unaccountable repugnance to letting Jim go. A singular vague premonition of evil which would not assume any tangible shape and which eluded my mental grasp at the same time as it would not be laughed away. Alter an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and preprred for a start, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts to induce him not to venture. His argument was unanswer. able "Our plain duty is clear," he said, " we have already lost something like a score of our prime cattle, we have been totally unable to put stop to the mischief, and unloes we take some decided step there is no telling what the result will be." I could not contradict this, of course, and could only advise him to be careful, and to keep as much as possible in open country. " Nlcver fear," he replied cheerfully, " I am well armed, and the black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of the white man's thunder and lightning to venture within cooey of me." Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighten his girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily over the grassy stretch of the homo paddock in the direction of the gap. I watched him until he was out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning sun, and then I turned into the house with something liko a sigh, determined to drive away my uneasy thoughts by writing long letters home. In vain, the inspiration would not come. I blundered and bungled through my corres pondenno for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the " Dwellers on the Threshold" oel which we read, I had no dia. linct compreheneion, but which was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, the silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-byo, lulled by the faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled slumber. My dreams, it dreams they could be called were, as my waking thoughts had been, " without form and void," yet dimly shadowered by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I slept, but all at once I was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, half howl, hall wail of a dog, so weird, so in. expressibly sad, that it seemed to turn my very blood to ice. I awokeho with a start, and went out at thu open door. As I stepped out upon the verandah, Fly, our collie dog oame whining and crounhing to my feet, and crouched tremblingly behind me, as if in mortal terror. At the same moment my eyes were blasted with a new Gorgon. Comig slowly up the path, not twenty yards from me, and gliding rather than walking, was a form, the form of my cousin, Jim WVclsb, whom I had seen start for Carfrao's some hours before. Pale to lividness, shadowy, ethereal, with a look of pain on his erstwhilo handsome face, and a crimson blotch of blood walling from a de3p gash in his breast. I stood as it turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to speakl, powerless, almost, to thin. Was I still dreaming? No. There he was, plainly palpable before me. I felt my eyes dilate. I felt my hair stiffen on my head. I olt my heart throb as if it would burst, and still all I could do was to gaze entranced and spell-bound in silent, nameless horror. My breath came fast and thick, and as it came nearer and still nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke "Jintl" The form waved its hand in the direction of the gap, a smile spread over the anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into air. Was I then mad? No, no, a thousand times no, although it was surely enough to have driven me so. I was as sane as I am now. What it was, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speculate. I only mnow that I saw it. I tell you I cote it. For a time 1 stood inoa. pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came the reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, hall sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. 1 old know it. I ran round to the stable. h- tilv caddled a irosio, euiofi dttlip6ay thai Výee-rV " ,ilthit hatless, coatless, as i was, p?ll .,pe i :i-n the homo paddock. Where was i going? I hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this fouldeed, for that a fouldeed had been done I knew only too well. I headed for the rocky bluffs that formed the OCp, and bathed in perspiration, and with the hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Did I think of danger, of death perhapa, to myself? No, Ilevcng I Revengo I Soon I reached the Gap. All atill,;allsilent. The grim walls hemmed me in on either hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy deflle I passed, deeper' and deeper still, but nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save the clatter and ring of my horse's iron shod hoofs over the rough boulders. I dismounted, and slowly led my horas over tbh rugged track for it was un safe to ride. More dismal, more wildly soli.: tary grow the scene, a quarter of a mile, half, a mile, a mile, and then At last. Thero he lay. Yes, there he lay.: All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. Dead I Dead I Alas I Alas Dadl I Dead I Kllled by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rock, as he was riding, or probably leading his horse, through the defile. A spear thrust which entering his back, had come out at his breast, and had cleft his heart in twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on his pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyes, as if in mockery of my unutterable woe. fo I feel shame in saying that the tears fell-hot and fast from my eyes upon thatcold face, that my kisses were .impressed on that lifeless hand, which had never before met mine save in tho warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears but seldom but when he does, they are, as it were, tears of blood. How long I stoodlooking wistfully into the face of my dead friend I know not. I felt my heart throb almost to brealsing. I felt my brain whirl into dim unconsciousness, and then, kind heaven rent relief to my over. charged feelings. The grim defile, the bush beyond, It at my feet, eoemed to swim round me. All earthly things were blotted out, and I fell forward in a swoon,andall was dark. Bsut the awakening, oh I the awa'eriag...-: But the awakening, elh I the awakening. I found myself lying on a couch- in the front room of our house. I awoke as it might be after a heavy sleep and I know not where I was. For a time I lay only partially oon. soious, yet still entirely conscious of ting - forms I knaw around me. Alce. Payne, Doctor ose from the township, and a female with a face strange to me, stood round bty bed. I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextricable con fusion. I tried to raise my bhand, and it fell back on the counterpane, seemingly as heavy as lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it seemed to me, someone else appeared to speak my thought, so weak and gasping was the - voice. . "Where am I?" I asked. . " Thank God," ejaculated the Doctor, " the worst is over. Mind and memory area return. ing." - "For a time I lay still, trying to think of the meaning of what he said, and then; as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all came back to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my fseet. I had as they told me, been found lying across the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Aleo; Payne, who had from a distance seen me galloping wildly in that direction, and who, suspecting something was wrong had followed on foot. I hadbeen ill, very' ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', ever sines, but, thank God, the danger was past. As for the appari. ti?n I had seen, Dr. Rlo discoursed learnedly on psychology and kindred matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless-that at the time I saw it, or was supposed to have seen it, I was under the influence of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and the trouble consequent on the ravages made on our stock by the blacks. IIHe persuaded me that it was all fancy, imagination, the out. come of a heat oppressed brain, all therest of it, by which scientists try to explain the un. explainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, common sense would tell me that he was right, and that it was only in my own dis. turbed brain and mind that fatal vision had beae. -That Is no doubt, a ?anmoiently_ lucid explanation, but for all that, I say, as Shake. speare says "There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever you dreamt of in your philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jiam Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend, as I have raid before-I saw it. The docipherers of the papyri which have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them the existence of a town in lower Egypt, all trace of which scams to have disappeared for the last 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little over Ilt. long by l(t. wide, containing a mar. riags contract in Greek, and is well preserved. Tho data is not given, but'Professore lara. enook and Wasseley believe it belongs to the sarly part oel the sixth century. The bhridce groom was named Theon, theb bride Mari, Ohe had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future husband en gages to find for hlier food and clothing, and overything suitable for '" an ordinary legiti mate wife." There are witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are de oribed as belonging to the town of Jostian spolio. The editors declare that they can find no mention of thiq place among any lists of the towns,etc., of Lower Egypt. Forty variotics of rico are grown in Bur. mah, the latest addlitions to the territories of Great Britain. These runes in lhue from white to black. Durmnh also produoos many other binds of edihle grains, one of which is known as Job's Tears. According to Dr. Thomas lioore this gra's derive's its name from the large, round, shining fruit it bears, in which can be traced some resemblance to tears. It occuss is Japan as well as the Asiatic continent. B \- ,.511 