THAT GHOST AGAIN. A German resident, in returning last night from a social held in Ballarat East by a num ber of fellow countrymen, encountered the ghost which has latterly been causing alarm in certain portions of the city and town. The time when the meeting took place was about midnight, and save the sounds of the stampers in distant quartz batteries, and the crowing of roosters in ueigboring fowl houses, all was silent. The moou was rising, and at intervals the beams of the luminary of the night were radiant, and showed clearly the various objects along the footpaths and streets. The Teuton was humming to him self the “ Wacht on the Rhine” and otiier stirring airs so endearing to the German race. When on the rising ground in Wills street and in close proximity to the mine of the Suliemau Pasha Company, a tall figure, attired in a snow-white garment, reaching from head to foot, appeared before the gaze of the German, and after going through a few waltz-like movements, it glided steadily to wards him. “ Ugh, mine gootness, here cooms a ghost,” exclaimed the man from Vaterland. When the apparition approached, the German asked, “ Veil, what you vant,” and no reply being received, the questioner courageously rushed at the phantom, which at first stood its ground stub bornly, but was. at length put to flight, and was closely followed by the intrepid Teuton, who chased the shadowy form through Ballarat East, until it finally disappeared in a dark ally. Returning home in triumph at 1 o’clock this morning, the valiant Teuton called at '1 he Star office, and narrated the ghostly encounter as follows: “Veil, when 1 coom along he coom out of de vorks (meaniug the Suliemau Pasha claim). I see de ghost. He run, und as Ibe not von leetle bit afraid of ghost I shase him. He rued dound de street, und I follow. I go into de hotel, und de young man cum out und say to me, ‘ Veil, vat do you vant here.’ I tell him I have seen a ghost at de works, und if I see dot ghost again I shoot him mit my revolver.” It may be well here to drop a word of caution to the thoughtless individual who is playing such pranks at present that his conduct, if persisted in, may cost him his life, as doubtless the Ger man would not hesitate to carry out his threat, and there may be others who would be equally determined, as many persons are greatly irritated at the mischievous pranks that the pretended ghost has been playing. 