Wagner as a Boy.-Wilhelm Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig,March22.1813. When he was nine, he went to school, where lie-was the despair of the teacher, who in structed him in music; he paid no attention tohis practising, but seized every opportu nity of repeating the melodies that lie had heard, esplecially those of "Der Freischutz," which had already kindled his powerful im agination. Ancient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were his favorite studies, but his heart was really in none of these, for he had a secret aim that absorbed all his thosfghts and feelings-he was a poet I In his eleventh yehr he won a prize for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translated the first twelve books of the Odyssey. lie taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake spearc that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and during this period he contrived to kill off forty-two people in his drama. Heawas forced .to re lent, however, and.to.recall them as ghosts in the last act in order to have performers enough-to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where he had been living, and entered a school at Leipsig, but he had so neglected his studies for musical. composi tion, that he was put back a class; this so discouraged him that he gave himself en tirely to his tragedy When he had nearly finished it he first heard Beethoven's music. This had so strong an influence over him'that he determined to set his' tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task-. So fascinated did lie become with the study, that he:de termined'to be a poet no longer, but that music should have the devotion of his life. When his family learnLd of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for they felt it was the cause of his backwardness at -school ; but when they found him to be writing music,; they were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great iarm. He was not to be discouraged, however, and composed in secret. But at last he was placed'under the instruction. of Theodore IWeinlig, a. man steeped in the spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. .Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan.--Young people who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for the boys to play in. What would theysay to the boat-dwel lers of Japan? - In that crowded country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their childrren upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an -occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend tosome un usual business. In every bay along the coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, fat-hbot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses are in other parts of the world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : "I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. I am told that, notwith standing their aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat evergoes to another's aid, norv will any boatman save any other from drowning, because as he says, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." \- Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and teased and tormented .until he is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah I it is in reading and learniog about the people of other lands that we find how much we have to loveand be thankfhl forin the broad free life of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for such frequent baths, and perhaps you would have great difliculty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk-men on the rivers and harbors of their own country.. An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. -I' had singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificent minane that has ever come under my notice. 1 determined to have that head, and to cairy it East with me as a trophy. To single'the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his, shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such a horse as- mine. - The remainder of the herd thun. dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east ieit my wounded buffalo, with me a good second; sending a pill into his side whenever. he swerved enough to give me a' chance at his heart. Suddenly 'the idea-seemed to enter his cranium that:h be, was flying in a direct line from his friends, and: hbewheieled about and charged me, his magnificent head cocked sidewise, ready to .toss my mustang, his nostrils and 'eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. -? 1When. the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of his course and landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to his knees, snappingthe bone of his legoff like a stalk. of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some what shaken up, but my eyes 'were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not more so much as an eyelid. The bull came on; his hoofs rattling on the hard prairie like the hones of the end man in a minstrel show. , His hot breath came fill:in my mouth and nostrils ;one of his horns caught in th?acollar of myhuinting shirt, tearing it away,;and'then his hindhoof ginled my temple. IHe iwas as-glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while [ arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the scashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. An Old War-Horse.--The Rev, .J. G. Wood, the well-known English writer on natural history, relates the following true story in his recent book on the horse: "Some year ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his widow all his property, including an old and staid horse. It nIo happened that there iwas a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady. who was stone-deaf, drove over to see it. During the maneuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal which she from hler deafnes did not hear. The horse, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old as he was, he sprang off at fullspeced, galloped into the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy, The signal to charge was then given, and off went the horse withi his comrades. The old lady shrieked, and dragged at the reins to no purpose. Where tie regi ment went the horse went; when it wheeled he wheeled, and lwhen it charged he chargedl, dragging his expostulating miostress after imn thClroighout the whole of the manwnures. " After thie review was over the officers crowded round the old horse, who evidenltly hadl belonged to the cavalry, and offered a very high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of him. The offers, how-ever, were refuoedl." Seldom shall one see in rich families lthant athletic sounliness alnd vigor of conuti tulion wnllich is seen, in cottages, where Nature is cook and Necessitly caterer, 