C!) c &TJbc; rt t Sc v. Saturday, May 21, 18S7. It seems that Mr Gillies does not think £25,000 enough for the colonics to throw away on an “ Imperial Insti tute he means to have the amount increased. He is being moved to do this by the authorities at home. Why £25,000 is not sufficient we cannot tell, nor do we expect any return for the money. Personal ends may be served and knightly ambition assisted by raising funds for the institute ; the colony will probably bo apprised— officially—of the sheet in which it is built—especially if another contribu tion is desired—but not • one in a thousand interested in our affairs need hope to derive any advantage from it-. And the rdadiness with which we play blindtnanV buff with our money when anything Imperial is on the boards is truly astonishing j all we need is an assurance from one or two of our title mongering politicians and we down with the coin straightway. There could be no better example of the por uicious effect that a title, or the hope of one, has on our statesmen than their readiness to join belter skelter in every new Imperial hue-and-cry that is raised, to the neglect of stable works of a reproductive character that are urgently required in the colony. There is honor in being thought well of by our fellow man ; but this is not enough, our statesmen also require Imperial honor in the lorm of a title ; and since colonial interests and Im perial interests are not always identical and wo permit our public men to serve two masters, we must not complain if, occasionally, we find ourselves over board. If there were not rank in the dim prospective, we should hear less about those grants of money towards schemes that may be splendid in senti ment, but are void of utility. Mr Gillies it was who named £25,000 as the sum the colonies should subscribe, but finding that he has not pleased the promoters at home, he is now prepared to recommend Parliament to swell the amount to whatever sum will be thought nmple by those concerned. Imperial Federationists have a strange way of manifesting their regard for the colonics ; they find the sentiment-, and we are appled to for the lion’s share of the cash. Par liament will meet in the course of the next few weeks, and we may expect the opposition to know the ;why and the wherefore of this extrava Igant vote, especially as Mr Gillies is at present exercising his influence with 'the other colonies to have it increased. While on the one hand our Railway Commissioners are grinding things so 'tine that a mere boy is entrusted with the signalling on the Brighton lino, wc have, on the other, a Premier voting money with the most lavish generosity 'towards an object that cannot be of any direct interest to us, and certainly does not involve human life. Whether the object of the Imperial Institute be useful, sentimental or comical, there are pressing demands on our resources for railways, waterworks and public buildings; our gold mines are yet untried and our coal prospects unde veloped ; and these wants of the tax payers of the colony should not be despised in favor of the fads of Im perial Federationists whose homes are twelve thousand miles distant-. It is to be hoped that Parliament will not let this vote pass without a searching inquiry, and an express understanding .of the want that is to be supplied and the parties who are to be benefited by this Imperial Institute. The Council have declined to affix their seal 'to the petition praying that Newport be (formed into a fourth ward, with three repre sentatives of its own. The Local Govern jinent Act provides that every petition for an (increase in the number ot Councillors must have the seal of the Council. Our contem porary last week, with some pains, endeavored to show that our article on the fourth ward question was incorrect, and quotes a sentence from which it argues we believed the local Council were to deal with the petition. The sentence immediately following the one quoted will prove this conclusion of our con temporary to be wrong. It also shows an ignorant disregard for the truth by affirming that there were no signatures to the petition, and it was worthless ; whereas signatures by the yard were in the room at the. time. Our statement that the petition contained the sig natures of five Councillors is also put down as untrue. Here are the names:— Walter Clarke, Henry Hick, Pearson, Richard Dowman and James Stark. It is not often that a newspaper, when endeavoring to set another right, exhibits such a blundering incapacity for the task, and the inexcusable sprawling ignorance of the article in question is perhaps the most deliberate wc have seen in the chronically stubid Chronicle. he Conncil have decided, on the motion louncillor Lindsey, to send an address of zratulation to Her Majesty on the attiin t of the fiftieth year of her reign. The iriety of having the town illuminated considered, and the Council decided ; as the majority of the local public would brate the Jubilee in Melbourne, any 1 expenditure would be inadvisable, and address alone was agreed to. meeting to consider the best means of Uy celebrating the Queen’s Jubilee was 1 on Wednesday evening in the Council mber, in the presence of a fair at lance. The Mayor presided. Several imes were discussed. Mr White was in ir of holding a picnic in the Gardens ■rve and distributing medals to the clnl i but Mr JI‘Robert and other speakers o’sed this form of celebration. The -or advocated ’ the claims of the ies’ Benevolent Society, and eventually solution declaring this the most useful .ns of employing the funds was agreed to. he obstructions on the Williamstown rt road, caused by the sand carters m fc Melbourne placing material from the i nits in the middle of the road while ling from the pits, formed tho subject of oliee court investigation at lort Mel rne on Monday. The defendant was iert Gault. The inspector stated a large j had also been made on tho Williams* a road that was highly dangerous, and ild inevitably have caused an accident he not given orders to have it filled up. , tvas fined 40s with 31s Gd costs. ntain Thrussell is of opinion that the .vater recently complained of at the ray Pier is only to bo found close up to piles, and that dredging oeside them t endanger their stability, e pilots are making negotiations for a vessel, in accordance with the recom ation of the recent Board of Experts >al to consider the efficiency. An inqueBt was lield by Mr Drury, dop. uty coroner, at Maskells Hotel, Newport, concerning the death of Albert Pasco, who received injuries in a football match on Saturday 30th April, from the effects of which he died. Mrs Emma Robertson, wife of George Kobertson, of Ripon street, Balla rat, said the deceased was her son and had left Ballarat amonth ago to work atNcwport. A stone mason named Edward llliss saw the football match and noticed Pasco with four or fiivc others jump to mark the ball. Short ly afterwards he complained of pain, and said ho had received a terriblekuock. Dr Honmun, who, in conjunction with Dr Btay, had made a post mortem examination attributed death to a rupture of the left kidney. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. The attendance at the Temperance Hall on Saturday night last, at the weekly meeting of the Gospel Temperance Blue Ribbon Union, was very large, and the programme presented gave satisfaction to all Mr R. Long occupied the chair. Mr Garliek briefly addressed the audience, Miss Barrass con tributed solos; Master J. Patou sang 11 The Little Hero,” and was encored ; Miss Smytlie rendered a piano solo; and Miss Jennings, Messrs Lowthcr, Kidd, Anderson, and others sustained the elocutionary parts. Mr Devine conducted the choir, and Miss Harris officiated as organist. Several per sous signed the pledge at the olsse. A good programme is prepared for to night. The Williamstown Local Option League held their monthly meeting in the Temper ance Hall on Monday evening last, Mr Hopkins presiding. Various reports were received and dealt with, and several sub scriptions were received. A resolution was carried, fixing the charge for membership at one shilling and upwards. An important adjourned meeting will bo held in tho Tem perance Hall on Monday evening, when officers will bo elected and an essay read by Mr Hutton. The- Mechanfleo’ Institute was fell-' again on Saturday night at the Gospel Temper ance meeting. The chair was occupied by Mr Hunt, and he spoke for some time of what good may be done if the people who worked in the temperance cause were united. The programme was of a lengthy character, and owing to the lateness of the hour several items had to be held over and will be given to- night. Miss Martin and Mr Hepburn gave recitations, and Mr Conbin gave a reading, for which he received an encore. Dialogues were rendered by visitors from Footseray and Yarraville, and were well received. Mrs Cassidy contributed a song. Mr Roberts acted as conductor to the choir, and Miss Daws as organist. The time-table on the Williamstown line will be suspended next Tuesday (Queen’s Birthday) between eight in the morning and seven in the evening, and twenty minutes trains tun. A concert will be given in aid of the pianoforte fund of the Sailors’ Rest in the Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday, June 1st. Next Wednesday the usual concert in the Rest will bo given. Mrs M‘Callum will supply the programme. Misses II. E. Diek and J. M’Cormick intend commencing drill and gymnastic classes for ladies and children at tho boys’ schoolroom of Holy Trinity Church on Friday next, at half-past four in the afternoon. The qualifications of Miss Dick are well known. The secretary of the Williamstown Ladies’ Benevolent Society gratefully acknowledges £1 os from the Blue Ribbon Mission, Me chanics’ Institute, l eing tho proceeds of a concert given in their behalf. Five crews from the local division of the Naval Reserve assembled, with four crews from Port Melbourne, last Saturday, to compete for Colonel Freeman’s prizes at the Ul-pound guns on board the Nelson. The distance was 1000 yards, and thirty six shots were fired, any of which would have struck an ordinary vessel. The complete results were not made known on Saturday. Lieutenants J. Scott and G. Tickell, Sub lieutenant G.W. Smith and Gunners Frazier, Cockle, Jackson, Richardson’ Owen and midshipman Ray were in command. A ball will be held in the now National Hall, Newport, on Tuesday evening (Queens I Birthday). Tho Loyal Solway Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F. will hold a concert and soirco in tho Temperance Hall next Friday evening. The first of a course of special sermons oa the story of Joseph will be delivered in the Congregational Church to-morrow; evening by tile Rev J. II. Mitchell. Messrs John Morgan and Co sell by auction this afternoon, on the ground, cottage and land in Wellington parade; cottage and land in James street; and allotment of laud corner of Douglas parade and Yarra street. A public meeting was held at Maskell’s Hotel, Newport, on Wednesday evening, to take into consideration the advisability of constructing a footpath to tho new State School. Mr A. T, Clark presided, and there was a numerous attendance. It was resolved, without discussion, to go on with the work. The stoppago of matters in connection with the proposed Mechanics’ Institute at New port was also commented on; and a resolution was carried that the building be proceeded with and a renewed effort made to collect subscriptions. “ Seared ” writes:—A ghost, impersonated by some half-witted fellow, is perform ing a nightly round of visits to Douglas Parade, North road and the Strand. It has jumped into a doctor’s buggy, terrified little boys, stout men have not had the courage to approach it, and a young lady has been nearly frightened to death. A well-known town official has had his hair turned into glossy white by contact with the apparition. The polico have been spoken to, but they have no eye for ghosts and cannot see it. Why the spirit should be revisiting the glimpses of the moon cannot be divined. On Sunday collections were made in aid of the Bu’li disaster by the Fire brigade and the WillianiBtown Band rendered music on the piers. The sum of £2 Ss was collected. The North Williamstown State School haB contributed £3 19s 3d towards the fund, and the Central State School £2 15s. A scratch match will be played to-day. Teams selected at 2.45. The projected visit to Malmsbury on the Queen’s Birthday has been postponed til! next season. The third quarterly social of tho Catholic Young Men’s Society takes place in the Mechanics’ Institute next Monday May 23rd. The Melbourne Furnishing Company are holding a sale which will be continued this week. They have taken over the business recently conducted by Messrs Miickner and McMahon, Nelson place, and have secured the services of Mr Miickner as manager. Messrs Martin and Graham (conjointly with Messrs A. T. Clark and Smith), will sell by auction on the premises, •'Rosean gle,” Strand, on Thursday next, 26th inst., at 11 o’clock (without reserve), tho valuable household furniture of James Balharry, Esq, who is retiring to his residence in the country. The first annual meeting of the Williams town Newport and Wyndham Permanent Building Society was held in the Advertiser Exchauge on Friday evening, 13th instant, Mr. H; W. Douch being in the chair. The committee in their report stated that the heaviest demands ou the Society had been met, and the expenses in futuro would bo lighter. The receipts showed that £905 7s 7d had been received on investing shares; entrance fees ou 913 shares £45 13s; repayment on loans, £124 Us lid ; refund of law expeuses, £22 5s lOd ; leaving £593 11s Cd due to the bank. The total expend iture was £169S 4s ; the heaviest items of which were loans to shareholders on mortgage £1450 ; salaries £73 5s printing and adver tising, £62 14s 6d; rents, £23 13s law expenses, £22 14s ; and interest £43 14s 6d. Mr A. T. Clark was re elected president, Mr Orr vice president, Mr Henry Thomas treasurer, Mr Peter Power director, and Mr John Jeremy secretary, Mr James Balharry, of the Strand, is abont to leave Williamstown and reside iu the country. During his twenty-six years residence here, his sociable qualities, hos pitality, and unostentatious kindness to those in need have made him host- of friends. Mr Balharry has the reputation of being one of the most shrewd men of business in Mel bourne, and is well known in commercial circles through his long connection ns managing partner in tho shipping firm of Alfred Woolley and Co. (now Jas. Balharry and Co.,) and his business experience and acumen' have often been resorted to at critical times. His departure from Wil | liamstown will be generally regretted. “ Checkmate” the well known two act comedy, succeeded by a farce, “The Terrible Tinker,” will bo performed in the Mechanics’ Institute by the Comedy Dlub on Tuesday, June 14th, for the benefit of the St. John Ambulance associa tion. The corps will have full control of the business arrangements and intern! using their influential position to make a dis tinguished success of the performance. Wo regret to announce the death of Mr C. Ramsay, which took place at his residence in the Esplanade yesterday afternoon, after a lingering illness. Mr Ramsay was for many years connected with tho Railway Department, move recently as draughtsman. He was a very old resident of this town, and his many cood tjualities had secured the greatest esteem of a numerous circle of friends. The funeral is announced to take place to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon at three o'clock. The proprietors of the Advcrtisu' have made arrangements for issuing a pictorial map of Williamstown and some of its adjacent scenery. The sheet will be ac companied by CDgraved portraits of the principal public buildings and a few prominent business establishments. Early application will be necessary from business men desiring to bo represented. The gunboats and tho dredge Fawkner have been docked, and are now thoroughly overhauled. Ratepayers in the Wyndham Shire are elsewhere informed that tiieir rates must be paid by June 10th to seettro them a place on tho burgess lists. 