? • GENESXL kews. . ; ; Acurione iriakhMg-juat terminated in Paris. M. Popp,: the in venter of "TiljrpB®limat!C"6teelS7thwght he could extract gold from millstones, which he contended contained from two to three thousand franfesper ton of the precious metal. A certahr-number of capitalists were credulous to believe that M. Popp could- really, extract sufficient \- fW from millston^ make 'the operation .a profitable affair. They, there- ] for® > advanced him lucgp sums money to work his invention,, but - the results proved most < unsatisfactory. At last, tired of the continual calls made On their purses by M. Popp, they brought faction against him for having ©btoined money from them under false pretences. Judgment was given in the caBe a few days ago. It had not however, been proved on the trial that M^Pjopplhad intentionally misled those who had advanced him the capital to work his pretended process for extracting the gold wbichj-it appears, is reallv Confined in riailtetonefc, though ; in less , proportion)^than the inventdr seems to have WieVed. So Iff. Popp was acquitted. '." Recently Wn official trial was made ofNo.7&Jtdrped; 6 feoatbnilt by Messrs a^ ^nipilfi^, Poplar, for the Government, when the .speed realised was «uch aetp eurpass all previous records of similar <cralt in" the service. The boat w«a loaded in accordance with the Admiralty. conditions, and the trial ifciok placehelper GrafreSsend. The test consisted of a contiguous run of two . hoars'duration, during which time six ronj were :nade on the cnevsured mile at tower Hope (three with and three against the tide,) giving 1 a -speed during the entire run of 22.392 knots per hour, the highest recorded pair of miles being over 23 knots. After the above results had been obtained a series of trials were undertaken for manoeuvring power. ^ When #oing ahead the boat turned in a circle, the mean diameter of which was 85 yards in $8 seconds when going astern the circle, of which the diameter is 65 yards, was completed in 65 seconds. One important feature of the boat was that when turning it had practically no heel whatever, a matter of great importance with respect to the efficient discharge of torpedtafi Froih the side. It wts also exceptionally free from vibration at all speeds, a glass of water full to the brinii temaintng unspilt on a table. "The - Admiralty authorities expressed themselves highly pleased with the working of the machinery, and with the performances of the "boat, which possesses exceptional speed with remarkable turning powers. Dr. J. H. Clarke writes:—" The death cf ; two young men—Goffi in London, and Arthur Wilde in Rotherham—within three weeks cf the completion of the Pasteurian treatment for hydrophobia, with symptoms of an exceedingly suspicious nature, are events calling for the fullest and closest scrutiny. In the case of the former an inquest was held, but no certain evidence was given as to the cause of death, and experiments were undertaken to prove what the cause was. The results of these experiments brve not yet been published. In the case of Wilde no inquest was held, but a letter addressed to me by his mother, who nursed him, relates facts of such great import to the whole world that it becomes my duty as a medical man to give them the fullest possible public ity." After quoting the letter, Dr. Clarke adds:—"The cause of death was certified to be congestion of the lungs, but this was only the last of a of symptoms of a most unusual kind. The intense prostration, the paialysis cf internal organs discovered aft^r death, and the rapid progress of the disease are strikingly like the symptoms manifested by ~ Goffi, and bear a more than suspicious resemblance to the * paralytic rabies' of which M. Pasteur says the rabbits die. It seems to me that the evidence that both of these men died in conaequencs of tbe nineteen inoculations they received in Paris is overwhelmingly strong. Mrs. Wilue has expressed her desire that I should use her letter as I think fir,as she anxious that the unhappy fate of her son may, at least, serve to warn others against incurring the same risk if it should prove^-as she feels, and as I believe—that he did not die from congestion of the lungs,, nor from ordinary hydrophobia, but from the rabbit hydrophobia of M. Pasteur." t - Dr. George Baur, an assistant professor at the Peabody Museum of Yale College, U.S. A., was recently knocked senseless by the explosion of an ostrich egg. The Yale scientists say that it is the most remarkable explosion on record. The eggs were shipped from Cape Town a year ago, but were delayed by the wrecking of the vessel off Trinidad, and only reached New Haven last Friday. Dr. Baur began filing a hole through the shell of one of them. Suddenly there was a hissing sound, followed by a sharp explosion which knocked the professor senseless and shook the buildings : Dr. Baur was covered with a most noxious smelling matter, which ruined his clothes, and created an odour throughout the building that was sickening. The egg weighed over three founds, and was inches in circumference. The Empress of Japan will , shortly be the envy of every lady of her pourt. A Berlin firm of jewellers has just furnished a uuperb diamond diadem and necklace, worth many - thousand dollars, which her Majesty ordered for heiself. The surprise' that the ornaments will excite is accounted for by the fact that, this will be practicallv the first introduction of diamonds into that kingdom. Her Majesty has also sent an order fordresses ~te a Paris milliner to the amount of 75,000 dols. She has authorised the ladies in her Court " society " to adopt the .European garb, , and has herself appeared on pablic occasion in a Parisian toilet, " Max O'Rell's" new book is a vary amusing compilation of school masters' stories, M. Blouet came over to England to try his fortune soon after the fall of the Commune. He arrived at Charing Cross late one foggy night, with nothing to "declare" (his "spirits being so low that he thought it useless to mention them "). He went to lodge in the suburbs in " a charming house with creepers," but left it on finding the creepers were inside." He servec an apprenticeship in a provincial Dothfeboys Hall but -soon obtained the appointment of French master at St. Paul's School. It is out of his experience there that his little book of stories is made up. The Paulines of the present day include, it is clear, soms decidedly " cheeky " spirits A boy having translated calmez-vous (in a conversational passage) by *' calm yourself," a v f oCMwSb was iovited by his master to give " something more colloquial." He did it—" Keep your hair on, old man." It is one of M. Blouet's theses, however, that the French schoolboy is quite as spirited as the English, and he tells a story else where of a Parisian candidate who tickled a facetious examiner in the fol 1 owing"fashibriDo you know," asked the examiner, " how much cloth would be required to cover an ass?" "I do not, sir," replied the lad, " but if you are anxious to know, I will ask your tailor." Max O'Rell " has some capital additions to make too, to the stock of diverting blunders. A boy was asked to give the etymology of the French word dimanche. Here is his answer— Dimmehe is a compound word, formed from di (twice) and mancke (to eat), because you take two meals on that day (Sunday)." "Dear boy !" adds " Max O'Rell," with wicked humour, he was probably a weekly hoarder, and the Sunday fare at home had left sweet recollections in his mind. Recently ghost alarms have been very common in the Potteries and adjoining districts in England, and considerable excitement was caused after eleven o'clock at night latfly, by the mysterious movements of a figure, clad in white, amongst the tombs in Shelton Churchyard, near Hanley. The nocturnal visitor Was watched by a large crowd, who completely blocked the adjacent thoroughfares. For some time the « ghost" " was permitted to conduct his peculiar perambulations unmolested ; but ultimately two members of the crowd y more daring than the rest, mustered courage enough to pproach the figure. A closer inspection convinced the persons that so far from being the shadowy, ethereal spirit which is said to have visited other churchyards in the district, the ghostly visitant of the burial-ground was a reaily tangible body. The snow-white figure displayed much uneasiness on the approach of the two active men, whose measures for its capture were not to Be f circumvented. Fight was useless, and dissolution in thin air impossible, So Edward Hauptmann, a coiporal in the Hanley Volunteers, had to quietly submit to the unpleasant process of being led into the crowd he had done his best to terrify, and afterwards to the more disagreeable experience of being lodged in the Hanlev police cells by Policeconstable Smith, to whom he wa handed over by his captors. The operator had secured a woman's nightdress, which, heing too small for the accommodation rf his somewhat povtly frame and com minding, figure, he in geniously hold before him, expanding it by his /arm, and by this means he succeeded in his practical joke. He was taken before the magistrates, who, considering that he bad been locked up all night, and that he had suffered some maltreatment trom the stonethrowing on lhe previous night, discharged him witb a caution. 