LOCAL AND GENERAL. \---9- ADAICSTowN OhAOJMa?R. - The Loyal Orange Lodge, No. 28, Adamstown, will hold a ten and public meeting this evening. SuRENDsEIC.-William Wedlock, lanto of Long Reach, Macleay River, farmer. Lia. bilities, £113 12s Gd; assets, £5. Wedlock appears to be in a bad way, from a financial point of view at any rate. GoLD AT ARHIIDALE.--The City Bank, Arnidale, sent to Sydney 600oz of gold on Tuesday, from the Baker's Creek Company (late Smith and party), which is the result of their first month's crushing of 52 tons. *'fFRENHn LEAvs."-The first mate of tho barque Silverdale, now lying in the port of Newcastle, was sentenced to be imprisoned until the rising of the local court yesterday for being absent from his vessel without leave on Saturday last. A PEsw weeks ago, at Fort Ballance, Wel lington. N.Z., a torpedo was lost. Like the celebrated Lost Chord, it hlas not yet been found, but possibly we may hear a tale from some survivor regarding an unknown monster that struck a vessel, and blew it up into smithereens. SYMPATHY WITH THE PREIER.E-Tlle inhabitants of Hlamilton are invited by the Mayor to meet this evening at the Council chambers, to determine the best means of assisting the general committee in Sydney in their endeavour to raise a public tribute to Sir Henry Parkes. PoT PLANTs.-We would draw the atton tion of florists and others to the sale of superior pot plants at Messrs. J. Creer and Son's City Auction rooms, to-morrow, at 10.30. The flowers are on view at the above rooms this day, and are well worthy of the attention of those in want of choice plants. THE CAMELS ARnE CoMING.-A Perth (W'.A.) paper states :-A novel sight was wit nessed at the Port, when a string of ten camels, each carrying two bales of wool, arrived from Mr. J. Chester's station near Rocklhampton. Our contemporary also com plains of the camels being in the way of horses, and causing them to bolt. LosT IN TRH Busc.-A Queensland con temporary states that a party of black trackers hlave started in search of a young man named Harpin, an employee of Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., at Normanton. Harpin hlad been at a picnic, and his horse returned without him, having the bridle on but not the saddle. SAD DEATn.-At an inquiry at Normanton into the death of a boy aged 7, named Robert IHenry Done, who had complained to his mother of receiving a severe blow on the head from hIis singing teacher (Mr. M'Gill), a verdict was returned of death fromn in flammation of the brain, and that the evi dence did not show by what cause induced. THE WAY THsEY Do THINcGs IN QUEENS? LAND.-At the District Court, Herberton, recently, Larkin alias Bimbo, charged with spearing another aboriginal, was discharged; George Dunbar, for horse-stealing, was sen tenced to 18 months. It would thus appear as if our Northern friends had come to the decision that horse-stealing must be sternly repressed, but as for blacks - THE HAWXESBIURY BRIDGE. - Furthler attempts have-been made by Messrs. Ryland and Morse to launch the monster punt at Dangar Island, but without success. The services of Mir. Anderson were obtained to superintend the work. He succeeded in shifting the punt a distance of some 50ft, when it got jammed, and all the ropes car ried away. Another attempt will be made. PostroNED.--Mr. James Hughes, of Car rington, yesterday applied to the Licensing Bench, consisting of Messrs. J. Mair, P.M., W. K. Lochhead, and Dr. O. W. forgan, Js.P., for confirmation of his conditional. publican's license for a house at Carrington. Inspector Brennan reported the completion of the house, and stated that the police had no objection to the confirmation; but the case was postponed until the special meeting of the court, to be held on Thursday next. W?,CicxA3t Punailo SoCeooL PICIro.--The Wickham Public School Picnic .had to. be postponed yesterday in cohsequence of the unfavourable state of the Weather; but the management have decided to start from the .Honeysuckle Point Stati6n this morning at 9.30, for the picnic grouids adjoining the Sandgate Cemetery. Every preparation has been made for thle comfoirb of the children and visitors, and an enjoyable day's outing is expected. . . SA. SIONIIOArIT MorrTTO.-?An American temperance paper has the following:--The German brewers of Brooklyn at their annual parade carried the following motto: "As long as we stand our motto is no Temper ance." But after thie parade was over they were not long in a standing position. Very many of themwere spraiwling. What their "motto" was in that condition we are not informed. The' police court tlhe next morn ing recorded the verdict. : Ati~HnAOIYE COiL IN SAN FRodIsco. A shipment of anthlracitb coal has been made from British :Columbia to 'Frisco. It has been admitted duty free, and, as there is a great demand for it, it threatens to supplant the ordinary bituminous coal. The Saun Francisco Bulletise says: "As the importa tion to any considerable degree will affect thle local dealers in thle bituminous article, thley are endeavouring to prevent the free entry of this cargo. It is probable theat an analysis of the coal will be demanded, and other steps taken to discourage its shipment to this city." A BIT "Orl.COrLoue."-A discharged artillery-man, named John Smith Moir, was before the local Bench, yesterday, as a person deemed to be insane. ?The man was chlarged on Wednesday with having voyaged from Sydney to Newcastle without paying hisi fare, and it was in consequence of his strange behaviour while in the dock that the police believed he was not entirely sensible. Yesterday he seemed to be greatly excited, and talked very wildly, giving an outline of his military career, which terminated recently in the Parramatta Gaol, where he served a sentence inflicted upon him bya court-martial. The P.lM. ordered his de tention in Maitland Gaol for eight days' medical treatment. PREPARED FOR DEATII.:--ie death is announced of Mr, . J'. T. Geollibrand, of Omokoroa, Tauranga. The Bay of Plenty Times, in article on M1ir. Gellibrand, states that he was the third son of Joseph lTice Gellibrand, of Derwent Park, Newtown, Tasmnania, who was appointed Attorney General of that colony by Lord Liverpool in 1823\. Apparently with a strange provision of his approaching end he had made memo randa of all particulars likely to be useful to hIis successors, and jotted down in a notebook all the principal events of his lifo, con eluding with the following epitaph: "In memory of Joseph 'Tice Gellibrand, born -May 1st, 1820. To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die." PnIL DAY, one of the very best stock comedians London over sent us, is dying in Melbourne. A sENsz in the Assembly, last night, is graphically described by our Sydney corres pondent by telegraph. TILE LAKB-nOAD is said to be in parts in a deplorable condition. Now that Maitland nabobs do not use it, the inspector will forget there is such a portion of hIis district. IT MUST Mi enemies of Sir Henry Parkes who are continuing the "tribute" gathecrings, at which, in some instances, oeven in big centres of population, as little as £15 is subscribed. Mn. AntAIrL's explanation of what he meant by Mr. Dibbs' career being a disgrace is considered worthy of a deformed mind, and has considerably lowered thle little Mines man in public estimation. Tnuns is little hopo of the Right Honorable William Bede Dalley, the most distinguished man of Australian birth we could ever boast of, recovering his wonted health, spirits, and intellect. LOsT AT SBA.-A man named August Sutherland was lost overboard from the ketch Alice Templeton on Saturday night during a gale, when passing Seal Rocks, on the voyage to the Manning River. THi Moionxia PosT, the lardy-da "mashaw" paper of London, thinks Vic toria should undertake thie government of Fiji, the rest of the colonies guararteeing it from loss. It is to send such muck items as this that we pay heavy cable subsidies. SUDAY ExcursioN. - The favourite steamer Ethel will leave the Market Wharf on Sunday morning next for Morpeth and the Paterson river. This will be a fine oppor tunity for a splendid trip and back at a very moderate fare. For particulars see advt. WICKIHAM SCIsOOL PICNIc.-The annual excursion of thIe pupils of thIe Wickham Superior Public School arid their friends was to have eventuated yesterday, but owing to the unfavourable state of the weather the picnic was postponed until to-day, whlen it is to be hoped another disappointment will not be experienced. TnE CoxING CAELBS.-A Queensland con temporary states: Constable O'Byrne ar rived at Windoran last week with a prisoner from Birdsville, committed to stand his trial at Blackall District Court for obtaining goods under false pretences. Prisoner. and his escort were mounted on camels, which caused snme commotion in town. FIRE AT' ORPETHr.-A destructive fire occurred at Largs, near Morpeth, on Wed nesday afternoon last, a large hay-shed con taining some ten tons of hIay and several agricultural implements being consmued. It is reported that the proprietor, Mr. Hoban, was away from honme at the time, and that the origin of the fire is unknown. BiArAsE WoDs.-The .Ballarat Couuiem' says :-The individual who was vending "Six months in Hell" in thle street the other night was telling the crowd that if 200 devils came to seize him he would not be afraid. Just then a live nmember of the force came up, and it was a real treat to see thle devil- proof book vendor make himself scarce. A BREWnERsn SoD.--lThe NarrabriBrewery has been sold, Messrs. Usher and Co. giving place to iMr. P. Simpson. The latter gentle man is a partner in the well-know firm of Simpson and Co., of Armidale and Glen Innes. Mr. Simpson has gone to Sydney to make thle necessary arrangements for carrying on the brewery, wlhich he assures us (aferrabri Iler-ald) will be in full swing in about a fortnighlt. THE WARATAR Coaw CowePAmz recently, it will be remembered, celeb5pted, by a directorial visit, thle completion ~of the drive from their Charles pit at Charlestown to Flaggy pit, when the excellence of the coal and the good manner the work had been executed were spoken of in the highest terms of praise. On Friday next the shlareholders will visit thIe drive for the purpose of inau gurating the working of the pit, arid of seeing for themselves the splendid quality of the coal which is their property. TIs CAnexIe?Ox CoUxorrn hsld'its usual fortnightly meeting last night, aid after a preliminary canter did some useful work. Alderman Gibson's motion, for application to be made to the Government for the exten sion of the water supply system to' Carrng ton, was lost, the majority of the' Council being of the opinion that .it wias useless to ask for work which had already been authorised. The engineer's report dealt iith thle repairing of the main road, and the Council finally decided to repair the road in patches where required. AN TUNJssIePATrsInNG CdNSTADIE.- At Tamworth, thle otlher day, William England' was charged with stealing two vests, a purse,' a watch key, and six twopeaeiy stamps, the proper'ly of Henry Jeffries, West Tamworth. Constable o-O'Hanlan gave evidence of the arrest of the prisoner, who, was lat the' Olympic Hall on Friday night in company writh his mother and a young girl, when the constable beckoned him out of the side entrance. He immediately got up.and ran out of the front entrance up Brisbane-street. The constable, hIowever, followed him, and. caught him. Prisoner was sentenced:to fourn months' imprisonment with hard labour. LOOKINGi POR TIIE TIIUNDERDBOLT.-On Saturday (says a contemporary in Ornnge) we reported that a thlunderbolt had sfriUck the earth in Cook park the previous after noon, and left its mark.. This was perfectly true, but out of it arose a thlirft for scientific exploration, which is too irresistibly -omicel to be allowed to pass "uinoticed. Good honest research into 'nature's phenomena is deserving of admiration and eminulation,. but when intelligent people come to fool round to get a streak of lightning we feel thunderstruck. On Sunday there was a deal of prospecting with sticks, and the good natured caretaker probed round with a spade, but the electric flash would not exhibit itself even to the glimmer of a glow-worm. PosT-roNIcc DYINsx.-At a recent per formance of "Camille" in London, in' which Miss Grace Hawthorne sustained the part of the heroine, slhe was interrupted: (says the Aruqss) in tlhe midst of her pathetic. death scne by some gipsy fellow in the gal lery crying out "shlt up." TIe dying woman suddenly recovering her health and strength, rose from her couch, and coming down to thle footlighlts with plenty of vigor in her voice and walk, exclaimed, "I shall not die until thlat 'man has been turned out."' He was expelled with the utmost prompti tude, and with very little ceremony, and Camille thereupon returned to her death bed and went tlhrough the final agony as if' nothing lhad happened to interrupt the pro tracted spasms. SUICIDE nROit RoUGin ON RATs.-Early on the morning of Novembor 6 it 'was re ported to Constable Gleeson that Mrs. Martin, wife of Joshn Martin, licensee of the City Hotel, Wellington, New Zealand, had poisoned herself by taking tle contents of a box of "Rough on Rats." It appears that about midnight on Saturday (says the N'es Zealand Tiies), the deceased, who has been drinking rather freely of late, informed her oldest daughter, who is 12 years ot age, thlat she had taken some "Roughl on Rate." The girl immediately went into the kitchen and looked for the poison in the place whbre it was usually kept, but it was not to be found. She then returned to the bedroom and asked her mother whlere it was, but the' latter gave an evasive answer. After thlis, it: appears, 'the girl went to bed, it being then' 1 o'clock. On rising next morning, sIhe went into the bedroom, and there found her mother quite dead. ' ,In. A.FFLAY talks soon of letv'.ng Aus. tralia. Tree steamer Great Eastorn has been sold againi at London for £21,000, SAYs A FONY MAn in a Sydney papor: " Beach is to have a night-dress and a night cap after his race with Hlanlan." To whom does tihe caudle cup go ? TIn? NonRe COAST RAILWAY.-Mfr. Smith is at present in the Upper Mlanning district colldeting issiormation regarding the traffic prospects of'the North Coast railway. PAY3E?RE OF MEMBERs.--MFr. Garrett pro tiidsed ~t. Fletcher last night thalt he would iintroduce the Government Bill for Payment ol Members one day next week. The announce 'mdsdt was received with cheers. "l?t I. Teim ASsm,.rnrY.-Responsible overnmenm t cut a pretty figure last night in :lhe Assembly. Her warmest admirers must hawe blushed for her, that is if a blush is left ein the whole political world. COAL IN 'FRISCO, says tile 8. 1,. Journal of Commerce of the 13th ultimo: " hWe iar received more coal than we did up to this time last year by about 100,000 tons, yet the price has been mounting upward, and we were threatened with what was at one time called a coal famine. This proves that our in duatrica are much more active than they were a year ago, as they require much more fuel." ALLEGED EanMBEZZLMENT. - A seaman named Seymour Richards was arrested by Sergeant Grifliths on board the ketch Clara Jackson yesterday afternoon, and was soon afterwards brought before the P.HM. in the local court, when lie was chlarged withl having embezzled two sums amounting to £3 12s, tlie property of George Wilson, at Sydney, in May last. Accused was remanded to the metropolis. CENTENNIAL MassEuw.-The good people of Wicklam have partly set the question of a museum at rest for the present by starting one of their own at Chlarlton-street, Wicklham, which will be opened this evening by the Mayor (Mr. P. Bennett). Someo really superior specimens of natural history are already on show, and will no doubt be largely increased by the hour of opening to night. Such an effort deserves encourage ment. DIScsARncD.--Thlo two theatrical artists who were charged on Wednesday in the local police court witlh having stolen some cos tumes and a limelight lamp, the property of Arthur St. Vincent, were yesterday dis charged, the prosecutor having declined to proceed with the case. The two were mem bers of the "Ghost" company which recently appeared at the Victoria Theatre, and they detained the articles, with which they were charged with stealing, until the "ghost walked," but had subsequently returned the articles. WeIst WAtaslN?D COAL CoaI'AeY, L nTD. -Theo secretary repomts that the contractor -for the air shaft las siank to a depth of 178ft. The dam, estimated to contain 3,000,000 gallons of water, Ihas been completed, and is now full, so that there will be a sufficient supply for the requirements of the colliery and township. The carthworks for the rail. way line are nearly completed, and the Government are about to make the junction with the Sydney and Waratalh line. The ·contractor fully expects to have the line weedy for trallic by the commencement of January next. Tenders have 'been accepted for the erection of platform and screens; contract to be completed, and ready for out put of coal, by end of January, Plans are being prepared for laying out and opening thile pit. Waggons are being made under contract, to be delivered in January. A SPDNY INSOL)V·EN--The following pro ceedings in the Insolvency Court are re ported :-Re Philip Riseby Holdsworth. Adjourned special meeting for proof of debts. The Hon. Francis Abigail (Minister for Mines) sought to prove a debt of £672 12s 4d, on the ground that Insolvent had collected the rents of three shops in Pitt street, between the years of January, 188555, :and January, 18557, and had failed to account for the amount claimed for. Mr. Abigail's evidence showed that the property for which insolvent had been acting as agent was .owned by Messrs. Kiidd, bMuson, and Abigail, who had paid £1100 each for their interest in it. In.November, 1886, however, they found they were being " fleeced," and witness then took charge of the arrangements. Holds worth's interest ceased the same month, and he was asked to make good money he had misused, and hlie failed to do so. The debt wais admitted to the extent of £;148 10s 3d, and two debts were proved. GREAT ATTRACTION.-UUnited Temperance Societies' Athletic Sports, Bicycle Races, &c.;, to-morrow (Saturday), on Newcastle Cricket Ground. To commence at 11.30 a.m. 2544 T. Frank Low, Attorney, Solicitor, and Proctor, Bolton-street, opposite Messrs. J. 'and A. Brown's, Newcastle. 1068 VAcclreaTvor.-Dr. Beeston will vaccinate children on Tuesdays and Fridays, at 11 o'clock, at the surgery, Bolton-street. 9114 LAD?Es, ask for our 4s lid Corsets.-Seott .and Aird. 555 Wm hlve received another lot bf those 4.d wasliing prints,-Scott and Aird. ' 5555 Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe will hold their usual sale of produce to-day at the Market Wharf, when ,several good lines wyll be offered for sale. 1Messrs. Edwards and Tighe will sell a number of -cows, horses, carts, saddles, fowls, and a quanntity ,oharneoss, at their sale-yards, Blane-street, to-day. At the store, Scott-street, at 10 this morning, r. ,A. Sparke will hold a sale of Spmuaish and .Cochin Chiuss fowls, ctbage, potatoes, cheese, poultry,.bacon. eggs, butter, fruit, &c.; 