Theatrical Slang. To a large extent theatrical slang is i matter of abbreviation. The “ Profession ” seldom use a whole word when part will do as well, and they begin by calling them selves 41 pros." A theatrical notice in the newspapers da not a “paragraph,” but a “ par,” “ Biz ” is “ business,” but there are two kinds of it—“good biz” means full “ houses$” when “ biz " is bad the treasury is empty, and “the ghost walks.” The actor’s “ biz,” however, is quite a different thing, and so important that it is often fiyen its unabbreviated name of •; business.” t includes all the player’s by-play, Ham let's trifling with Ophelia’s fan in the play scene, the clown’s manipulation of the poker, the funny man’s antics with the whisky bottle, Dundreary’s hop, are all the special 14 business ” of the gentleman who plays the part. The 44 business” ia often not in the “ book.” It is frequently introduced by the creator of a part, tradition handing it down from generation to generation. “ Business ” in old plays has been traced back to before the days of Garrick ; indeed, the creators of some of .the Shakesperean characters are still, it iB believed, followed in their readings by the old school of actors, Cowley and Kempe, for instance, are responsible for the “ busi ness ” of Dogberry and Verge*; and the waistcoats of the first gravedigger in “ Ham let” are as old as the 17th century. “ His original character ” is a line the actor likes to be able to add to his name in the play bill. It really means that the “original business ” of the part is his, When one character’s business ia so great as to bo the chief feature of the play, the piece is called after him. Thus, the popular farce “ Turn Him Out” is “Nobb’s Piece,” “Business in this sense was in use in theatrical circles 130 years ago ; and long before, maybe. The classification of players according to their line of business is little thought of novy a-days. Until lately, however, it was very arbitrary. The “ heavy man ” was he who played Buch parts as Hamlet’s uncle, lago, the “ tiger ” in the 44 Ticket-of-Leave Man,” Cassio was “walking gentleman;” the “ utility man ” was he who made himself useful; the “ low comedian ” could not poach on the preserves of the “ light comedian there were “ old women ” {first and second), “ Binging chambermaids,” “leading juven ilea ” and “ boys,” These terms are still in daily use, but long “ runB ” will be the death of them. An actor is chosen nowadays to fill one part, when formerly he played a hundred parts in a season. The manager of a “stock company” was always careful to have his “ heavy man,” “ chambermaid,” <fcc., and hiB 44 acores ” of plays—that is to say, his lists of dramatis personm in the pieces he had down for production bad opposite each name, in pencil-macks, the technical term for the man who would play it. Instead of “Hamlet—Mr. So and-So,” the score read “ Hamlet—leading juvenile.” Old-fashioned managers and play-wrighta still have this custom. The term “run” was used above, Fielding as in the same sense. When the player is in the provinces he ib 14 on the road ”—the phrase obviously a relic of the times when actors, played in barn* and journeyed from town to town in waggons, Some companie* only go to the small towns, when they are said to be “ doing the emails.” Members of provincial companies are “out,” To have a part in the piece being played is to be “ on.” If you do not know your words you are .a “ flutter,” and to “queer the managers’* pitch ” is to disappoint him. Few actors, who play a variety or parts are well acquainted with any part of a piece but their own. They trust to the “cue ” to keep them right, The “ cue ” is the sentence spoken by another which they have to follow. Often they only watch for the laBt word of the sentence, Then the “ cue ” is “ the word,” “ Fat ” is a popular Blang term for good business—a telling speech or anything else that the actor can make much of. By the by, “fat” is the popular slang term in several, trades and professions, meaning something different in each. The compositor’s 11 fat,” for instance, is a blank Bpaco for which he is paid without having any type to “set,* Rosalind’s prologue in “ As You Like It ” is a “ lovely tag,” that being a “ tag ” in which the player addresses the audience. These are known as “ the front of the house,” and the theatre is the 44 shop.” The play itself is called the “ show,” This term is but a year or two old, but is already popular. Much more ancient is the “ gods ” for the occu pants of the gallery, “ Props,” the abbreviation in use for “ pro perties,” is a very important term, Every thing stored at the theatre for use on the Btage is a “ prop ; ” these are the manager's props, The actor’s props are the articles of clothing which he has to provide for him self. These vary according to the status of the company ; managers of repute provid ing everything except tightB and a few other articles, while needy managers like their company to have a “wardrobe” of their own. “ Plot ” is used with a somewhat pecu liar significance. There are a number of “plots” to every play. Thus the “scene j plot” is a list of the various scenes. The “ flyman’s plot ” is a list of the articles re quired by the flyman, orman in the “ flies.” There iB similarly a 44 gasman’s plot.” The [ 44 property plot ” includes all properties used in the piece, and the prompter ia responsible for their all being to hand at the proper time. The least important of the prompter’s dutieB, indeed, is to prompt. To get & “reception" iB to be welcomed with applause from the frontwhen you make j your first appearance for the evening ; to j have a “ call ” is to be cheered back to bow, | your acknowledgments when you go off.'' Quite as much store is set on a reception as on a call. The one means that you are re cognised as a favorite, the other that you have made a “ hit.” The “ star," or; leading player, is put sadly out of coun tenance if he comes on in silence; and the “ super " has sometimes to suffer for it. By calling “supers” .“aupes,” the actor contrives to get rid of the second syllable of “ supernumeraries.” “ Super” is vaguely used at times to include the chorus; though the ladies of the latter, at all events, recognise a difference. They sing, while the super is mute, The ballet-lady, on the other hand, does not Bing—Bhe dances. Of course there are slang terms for these; and here is a true little anecdote explaining the difference between a chorus-girl and & ballet- lady, A few wcekB ago, some one asked an actor in a comic opera if his wife, who is also on the stage, played in the same piece, u No," he said gravely,44 she is not a singer; Bhe’a a kicker,” When an actor ia out of an engagement he advertises in the chief theatrical paper that he is “waiting” or “resting.” Managers making up a company invite “capable people ” to “write in.” They are pretty sure to address the ladies who respond as their “dear child.” If Shakespeare is to bo played, only those 44 artists ” need apply who are 11 well up ” in the “legitimate.” A manager of the old school will ask them what they “ sell,” meaning what kind of parts they play. Preference is given to a comedian for farce or burlesque who can44 gag,” or introduce matter of his own into a piece on the spur of the moment—a reference to a meeting of the local City Council, for instance. If I the business is bad the houBe is filled with \ “dead-headi”—persons invited lo come 461 gratia. These have a written admission from the manager, and hence the term a “ paper louse,” But of theatrical slanc there is no end. 