MEETING KIUIIT. ? The German professor, when ho had fin ished our lesson, anil was "waiting for the thunder shower io pass—for, though lie had brought his V>itr blue umbrella, he did not care to faco tho flashes of lightning—suddenly turned to us, and said; " It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold—" We looked up at him nnd waited. We knew be was about to tell ns a story ; he al ways began in this way, without preface. " In my native village," bo said, " people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call ''Meeting Xight,' and with bis own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write tbe name of a dead friend in tho form of a cross at the. foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try the spell. When it. comes to the point, ghosts scarcely provo satisfactory; and writing in one's own blood is rather a.solctnu proeecding.espccially in an empty church at miduigbt. " One man who had lost his sweetheart did it. They said ho saw her, but he bled to death from the wound he gave himself to get tho blood, having accidentally severed an artery. " When I left the town, the custom was spoken ot as amongst tho things of tho past. I left in haste. I had had a quarrel with my cousin L'-opuld. The qnirrol was about "a lady I loved. Frit/, Wagner told mc some thing that, made mo furious and I challenged Leopold on tbespot. We met iv the great open clearing in tho heart of the pine woods often used before for tho same purpose. It was dawn —the pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in iiis hand. He looked at mo reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious. The word was given. I did my best to wound him. Ho merely defended himself. Then he lay on the ground at my feet, nnd my second hurried mc away, put on my coat, and dragged mc to where a car riage awaited mc. " ' Go 1" he said. ' The quicker the better! You havo killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not be safe for you. " The coachman drove furiously. As for mc, I was in a sort of dream. ' Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so /' I asked myself. Then I replied : ' He deserved it. He de served it. I did well.' " The uext day I left Germany. 1 came to Australia. 1 established myself here. One day, iv tho midst of the great throng in Col lins Street, I met Fritz Wagner. He looked like a ghost—gray, hollow-ehcoked—scarcely more thnn a skeleton. " ' You see it,' he said, as I glanced at him; I I am dying. This is my address. Do nSt come untihl send for you ; but when I come at once.7. .Swear it.-' " ' My friend,' I said,' lot mo come before that. Lot mc help you if I can.' *'' No," he said,' no ;' and turned away. ' Pillow m?iilti3 Tftcnvai.K a , 7 > came to livj at midnight, and said : ' -"' " ' Fur/. Wagner Inn sent foi you. , ' '- " I found him (lying, but lie had strength t'i speak. '?' Frederick,' he said, ' I have a confession " , to make. I lied about Thcrcse. I was in love with her. When I said I saw liei kiss Leopold and all the rest, it was trne enough ; but the Leopold was her sister'a little baby, named after your cousin. You understood, that I meant the man. I took my oath to the truth of my statement. For that, I am suffering the torments of the lost. 1 ." With these terrible words on bis lip?, ho died. " '? And now remorse seized mc. I snffcred' agonies when i remembered my true love, Thcrcse, and my dear cousin, Leopold, 1 could not rest, I knew nothing of the fate of my friends in Germany, but I resolved at last to return and see Thcrcse, who, it she lived, was forty years old, and beg .her for giveness, and to give myself up to the authori ties as ray cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would be an expiation. "I bade adieu, as I believed, to Austialia forever, and sailed in the next steamer for my native home. . " I travelled maiij' milc3 over land to roach tlic. village after leaving the ocean. At last I' reached it late on the night oE astoimy summer day. I walked from the station to the hotel, and on my way the lightning flashed through the heavens. I passed a tiee riVen from top to root by a recent stroke, nnd saw at my feet a little (lend bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. " I stopped and laid it aside on lha ni"s-. As 1 did so a feather fell from ila broken, wing, and on the instant it occurred to m<: that this very night was tho mystic -M-'etinc Night, and that it was with the quill of i\ bird that one wrote the name o£ the spin , ' one wished to meet at the altar's foot. L had little faith in the superstition ; but I was in a strange mood, and beyond shone the win dows of the cathedral, open day or night to any worshipper. "I seized the little quill. I turned my steps toward thesaered|cdifice. It was empty. I entered. The lights burn palely, few and - far between. I passed up the "aisle, .md kneeling-, took a knife from my pocket and cut my linger slightly ; then, having pointed the little quill, I dipped it in my blood and; wrote the name of Leopold. The thunder rolled overhead as I did so. The colors oE thejpainted windows grew brilliant as the lightning flashed, and then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my name—' Frederick Vlt came from above. I looked up: In the gallery stood a figure all in bjr.ck. save for a white band upon its fore head. It had the face of Thercso, but paler, thinner. Its white hands were hers. It stretched them out towards mc, as in greet- I ing. It waved them in farewell. It was gone. "A spirit had nppeared to me—Theicse's spirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on my knees, powerless to move, 1 awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again I \%a 3 accorded a vision. Leopold stood tbcro— a sad, gray Leopold—but -I knew him. I uttered his name. He answered : " ' Is it Frederick, , ' " ' Ghost of my friend,' [ replied,' I have returned to make expiation. Fritz Waener lied to mc, and so I left my love, and miir- , tiered you. I have discovered the truth, f,' return to give myself to justice. You shall > be avenged, dear spirit. Tray for mc in heaven, and forgive me.' j ' : The spirit advanced. It smiled. It' seized mc by the hands with n, warm, livin"- clasp-. a , "' I will forgive you,' he <mid. '? God knows I have forgiven ; but as yet I only hope for heavon. lam no ghost. Ficdeiick. You did' , not kill mc. I recovered in p. little while. A jealous man is mud man. I know that. I";-'".' 1 never ceased lo love } - ou.' *"' \>i " lie opened his arms. L'fell iuto them. We ,'? 'V embraced. '* ~ A,, " ' But Thercsp ?' I said. ? Suiely, it was " "-' her spirit that 1 saw.' < ' ; I saw it also,' he answered. ' Teci eao ia dead to the world. She is a nun in the con vent close at hand. After you had been gone live years, I asked her to marry mc : but she could love but once. When her mother died she took the veil. On this an niversary the nuns come to the catheclial to keep vigil. This is the night I also come. And Thcrcse looks down on mc and smites. This sho cilcems a sin, mid expiates with penance; but I live on it the year thioum. ' To night she saw enly you. She forgot mc. Ah, Frederick, what folly you committed hi leaving her!' "I bowed my head in contrition, and ju-t at that moment there aruse from the dark gallery the soft, sweet sound of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. " Together, standing hand in hanfl, wo listened. Then, arm in aim, we left the cathedral. ' "I returned to Australia soon afterward. Leopold remained behind. .Every year ho goes to the cathedral at twelve on Meeting Night—every year until the last he wrote: ' 1,1 1 have seen her. With her eyes sliu sent , an angel's love to you. , ?' But lasj> year this is what he wrote " ' She is dead. I believe that sh.3 will bo yours in heaven; not mine. Dut I shall love : her through eternity." Shrewd Mrs. Penuckle.—"I? didn't al. ways plough tlic earth for a living," said Farmer Ponucklc. " 1 wns once a. wine mer chant's clerk in Melbourne. I married yonns, and my wife, who is sitting there now, with the reputation of being ns good a faimci's wife as there is in the country, made just as good a mate for a hard-up clerk then. Like many young couples wo had purchased furni ture in instalments, and we wore not able to pay all the sums as they fell due. Every thing seemed to be.going ngaiuat us, arid our liltlc girl was sick. AVhcn I c.imc home early one Saturday afternoon and found crape hanging to my door bell. Jly huart was in my mouth and tears choked mc as my wife. " ' .So deaf little Minnie is gono !' I said. "?' Minnie gone I r s.iid my wife. ' O!i, no. But the broker's man will bo round m ti minute to seize the furniture, and I thought possibly the crape might vheck him.' "It checked him. He halted his waggon:i dozen yards away, walked on tip-toe to the door, examined the crape, and went sjftly away, afraid, apparently, that aomo one might hear him. Minnie recovered, and n, few days afterwards I scraped "up enough money to pay the bill, but I haven't bought: anything on instalments since." Fortune in the Teacup.—ll'. , w tire v few " old women's signs " lor you, gi i Is: If single persona happen tn have uv.j s p i ins in - their cup, it is a sign that they will iigiuu prominently at a wedding before the year i a out. If you put milk or cream in your t?.a before the sugar, it will' " cross your love." If a tea-stalk Hoats in the cup, it W called " a beau." Uninirried Jadies, when this happen?, should stir their tea r:mnd. briskly, and tli'cu plant the spoonupriir'atly in the cup, holding it quite still with the linger,". If the "beau" in its gyrations is attracted to the spoon,and clings to it, tho " beau " will be cctrUiiu to come that evening. If the sides of tlm cup attract, tho " beau " will not come, Wα may, observe that it depends upon the sink; ottliu atmosphere-wbelher the tea-stalk isattraoicJ to the middle or the sides uC the cup. It in a sign of fair weather if the cluster uf small nir bubbles, which' usually ariso it-XCeV the sugar hvs been put in, collect themselves and N remain in the ccntro of tiie cup. The con trary whcii.they str.ijrglo to thcsido.t—it will .certainly rain inn few hours, 535 . "" 