NOTES 0F_THE WEEK. The Government on Wednesday succeeded in passing at least one useful measure, although compelled to abandon the Amend ing Education Act, We refer to the Water Supply Loans Act, which provides that the Go vernor-in- Council may grant as loans for irrigation works and water supply purposes to a long list of corporations. The amount appropriated for this purpose is £379,300, of which £2S0,013 is devoted to various water trusts in all quarters of the colony, and £379.300 for construction and improve ment of vveirs in the rivers of the colony and the extension of the Coliban scheme, Ihe present Government and Parliament, if they have done little else, have at least shown warm interest in the question of water supply and irrigation, for which they deserve the thanks of all persons, particu larly the residents in country districts. There is really m need to ruei trains on Sunday, upon which this yesr Christmas falls. Persons can proceed to their destina tion on Saturday or Monday without mush Inconvenience. There is no neoessity to journey on the Sunday, and the proposal to ran railway trains on that day will prove offensive to a very large seetion of the com munity. It is the words of a familiar Ac of P&rliameot;, " a manifest dishonour of religion 41 to do holiday work of this kind on the Lord's Day." Crowds rushing hither and thither on Sunday destroy the reverence of which should be entertained for the Sabbath, and assist in increasing the oo evident tendency towards secularism. Nothing is so pleasant as the quiet and holy oalm ot Sun day in the rural districts, and it augurs badly for .society that city folk are oontentto allow ench happy calm to be broken down by the rush of railway trains and the din of noiseful traffic on Sundsy, The working classes are di tinotly concerned in suppressing a traffic wbieh literally means a yearly addition to their burden of toil. The feeling of the working classes is distinctly against the abuse of the Sabbath, and the proposal of the railway aoaatmsflo tiers is therefore not only a dishonour of the Day of Rest, but a violation of the rightB of labour. The Railway Com missioners have been informed by Parliament that ' no alteration in the praotiee of the department in relation to the running ©f Sunday trains shall be made by the Com missioners without the consent of the Go vernor-in- Council," The Commissioners, however, are a law to themselves r and intend to ran trains on the Sanday irrespective either of the opinion of the public or the Parliament. Such a course oan only result in the present method of administering the railways coming under »b ban of censure from at least three-fourths o th9 community. The proposal of the New South Wales Premier to call that oolony " Australia" has got beyond the stage of ridicnle ; the Govern ments of the various other colonies are pro testing " in good Bat terms" (as Jaques says) QgainBt this conveyance of the title which is their joint inheritance, and in England the 'Observer" scoffs at the proposal. The silliness of the idea is almost enough to r&i;?e a doubt as to Sir Henry Parkes' sanity. It certainly suggests that that gentleman is forgetful of the fact that it was not in New Sonth Wales bat at Cape York, in what is now termed Queensland, Captain Cook first christened the eastern ooast of Australia New South Wales. Queensland could claim the title of the mother oolony if she chose ; she has certainly a far greater claim to the name of 11 Australia," which Sir Henry Parkes is arrogating to the country vho-e beginning dates from the landing at Botany Bay. Whatever may be said by New South Wales on this subject, tbe fact remains that that oolony has not the ghost of a right to jump the title of the oolony. That such a proposal shonld have been made by Sir Henry Parkes only serves to show that great statesmen, in the Australian sense, like great wits" are, In Dryden's words — ' To madneBB near allied " The Government authorities appear to exercise very great laxity in regard to the character of some of the persons to whom they give employment. The case of the aohool-caretaker Martin, who was, in spite of the fact that he had been sentenced to death for an abominable offence, is in point, and a second appointment has just been under the criticism of Judge Williams. The position of a railway porter is one in whicb there are exceptional opportunities for dis honesty, and moral character should be regarded as essential in an applicant for employment. The case of the porter Richard Fletcher, sentenced at Bsoaiia to three years' imprisonment for larceny of goods in transitu- , evidences that it is possible for a thief to thrust himself into the public service, and that few, if any, safeguards exist against the latter being filled with men of bad, and even criminal instincts. True an examination is made of the testimonials of the applicants for em ployment, bat clearly this is a very perfunc tory matter, or men of the Martin and Fletcher type would never be able to pass muster. We were not a moment too late in calling attention a fortnight ago to the need of ir.. fcervention between the shearers and their employers. When we first read of the development of lawlessness we suggested thai it was the dnty of the representatives of the cause of labour in Victoria to interpose and insist upon arbitration between the opposing partieB. The labourers by overt acts of mischief were distinctly damaging the cause of labour. By " picketing," an J other devices to prevent non- anion l&boar; upon the various stations, they alienated the sympathy of the publio. The breaoh between the shearers and public sympathy will be made ever so maoh wider by the seizure of Barwidgee station and the capture of non-union shearers, to which attention it called. Such an act of hostility at once challen es censure, and we heartily truffc that the offending men will be taught by sharp fines £hat the general law for the pro tection of the rights of iifs and proper ty is superior even to the eeonsmio law t?nd-?i: which trade organisation is carried oat. There is no doabt that publio feeling ii growing stronger in its aversion to tb9 gambling mania which has been the cause of so much loss and disaster In connection with the tnrf. The " Daily Telegraph" has scored a point by the reduction of sweeps, consul tations, and Gap attendance, mainly throngh be prompt and vigorous opposition to Ihssta forms ot gambling, and is entitled to o: aim due credit for a very material reduction of a groat social evil, There can be no dcant moreover that the antagonism to gambling trhioh has developed in tbe other colonies ie aue in a grast measure to the etr ciures of the churches and a section of the press of Victoria, The suppression of sweep oonai- tations in Victoria through the medium of the post-office has shown th6 cis&er; colonies what can be done in the direction of the sup pression of this speoieB of gambling. A lottery on horse racing is almost impossible in Victoria. No letters conveying money to the promaiirs of 41 swp" ' now delivered, and the pabiio ooustqaecU? are unable so take " a chance" i Tne tempt ing " oonsutsations" which are offered to them through the medium of adve-msem- nts and circulars emanating from across the borders, Manifestly, therefore, thousands who before < took an interest in races are forbidden from is act i abstinence. In New South Walee jhey -we- going even farther ihan WbliaVeohb ih Victoria, and the sign la a hopeful one A man named Adams, of Tattersall'a hotel, was tboently fined for exhibiting betting Usts in hie window — an offence which, according to our humorous contributor "John Peerybingle" is of com mon occurrence in tbe shops of Melbourne and suburbs. Betting is forbidden by the law, but the lower clips of bookmakers by e.king up with some " twopenny-halfpenny" business — - hairdressing, tobaooo Vending, etc. — are able to carry < on the- bookruaking bnsiness surreptitiously, and to tempt both young and old who otherwise would not in vest their money in" gambliug, to " take tbe odds." Tt ie satisfactory io find- that sinoe the exposure of the frequency of !he?e lists there has been a marked diminution in their number, but the police, have still room for inquiry as to the occurrence of bettingin the way i i which Onr contributor avers it ooeurs — a way especially corruptive to tbe yonng. No opportunity should be lost to put down this form of gambling,' and to cot off this stray fringe of the ' ring." There is always sad news from Ireland. A cable message states that a day or two sinoe one of the celebrations so peculiar so the Emerald Isle — tbe apotheosis of the Fenian murderers (or, as the Irisbmen 'call them, martyrs), who were exeouted at Salford, in 1S67, for the mnrder of a police constable, named Brett, was to have been held. The Government, however, declared the gathering illegal, and the mob in consequence rioted, and were snbjeoted by the police to Bach severe treat- meat that eighteen were injured very severely. Simultaneously a meeting with a similar object was held at Dublin, at which some 12,000 persons were present, Mr. Michael Davitfc, the stormy petrel of Lieh f ffairs, delivered an address in which he savagely attacked the English Govern ment. The Fenians are also' showing mnoh activity id the Sonth of Ireland add it is manifest that all the firmness and tact the Imperial authorities oan oommand will be required if the Ecenes of murder and defiance of law and order Which have so frequently stained the fame of Ireland are not to be repeated tenfold. 