ST. VALENTINES EVE. "Many of the customs that belong in Ire land to Ail- tia!low In c are transferred in Eifgunld to the Eve of St Valentine. In: Devonshire one of these customs--changed slightly from its form in the Green Island still live in folk-lore. The girl who hopes for a vision of her des tined husband has to go to the porch of the village church carrying a handful of hemp seed, and, after waiting there till the clock begins to strike the hour of midnight, she has to set off at the first sound, and run at the top of her speed twelve times round the church, scattering her seed as long as the handful lasts, and repeating the lines I sow hemp-seed, hemp seed I sow; Let him that will my true love be Come reap this hemp-seed after me. It was many years ago that a bright, ven turesome girl first heard of this quaint superstition. ' I should like to try,' she said, with a smile full of mischief. 'What nonsense !' exclaimed her friends in chorus. But Pattie was in earnest, though she pretended not to be. " Here I am in Devonshire for a visit,' she said. 'I have tasted your cream and your cakes-and delicious they are'! I want to have a little of everything, please; and I shall hare a nice little bit of superst?tion next.' Pattie Wynn was talking gaily while she and her friends sat in the firelit room as the evening closed in. The three Hayford girls, the farmer's daughters, pink and fair, and plump and smiling, were silent, somewhat shocked, alfer they had joined in the chorus of 'What ,onsensense !' The farmer's wife waiting for the teapot and the candles, was standing beside a table glistening with a pure white cloth and ,iainity china. Her ' What nonsense!' was very emphatic indeed ; she had given Pattie Wynn from London credit for more sense than' to believe in such super stitions-in fact, she would be glad if this pretty, light-hearted girl would say 'Yes' to her eldest son some day, for her keen eyes had detected what she called ' a case '--at least on his side-between him and Pattie. But here was her London visitor wanting to do one of the wildest, silliest things ever heard of. ' What nonsense.' And the grandmother, too, was in the par lour, throned in the easy-chair by the fireside, with a white embroidered 'kerchief around her neck, and a lace cap on her white hair, her feet-resting on the foot-stool that Pattie had so thoughtfully brought to her. It was she who had told the girl about the hemp seed and the running round and round the church twelve times; a?id, when Pattie laqghingly expressed her desire to try it, the old lady exclaimed, ' What nonsense !' in a proper tone of expostulation, but added, when Pattie persisted in saying she would go. ' My dear, it would put you out of breath all that running; I ne er got breath enough after the ninth turn of the back corner!' How pretty Pattie looked kneeling on the hearth-rug, holding her dimpled hands towards the Gire, and .,it ,L out L&L; . _nho .; ing on her fair face ! She would go-yes, she would Mr-s Hayford could not demo .? h her playful arguments. As the girl ...lnelt there, her face all the brighter for the contrast with her dlark winter dress, and her delicate cheeks appearingt more refined beside the round, ruddy faces of the Hayford girls; her merry lips pouting, her cheeks tinged with a soft glow, hler brown eyes sparkling -under a forehead shaded with nut-brown li'air, there was no mistake about it--Jack Hayford had good taste. 'Oh, please let me go!' Pattie was saying, ii her sweet, winning way. 'I want my true lore to see; It would be so conveienti to know who it will be, you know; for I don't think I have seen him yet, and it would gave all the time I lose in wondlering if there be anybody at all. If I could save that time, you know, Mirs Hayford, I could be doing somiething useful'-with a sly, bewitch ing look round toward the tea-talle; ' I could ,e learning to make jam, or I could -devote myslf to stitching patchwork-you are sorry I hIaven't patience for it now. But, notwithstanding the lightness of her -words, Pattie was very much in earnest ; and wh-n, at the early country hour of nine o'clock, she went. up the stairs, flat candle stick in hand, with her shatdow bobbing on the wall, she was not going to bed- not she Hter pocket was full of hemp-seed, anti she "as goirg to bide her time and .lip out of the house before midnight. At half-past eleven by the tall old clock the back door closed gently -after a figure that had noisless!y passed out Down the garden it went, keeping in the shadows cast bythe hare branches in the frosty February mnoonlight. As Pattie pLssed through the gate~- how it creaked and set her heart beat ing wildly ! Then she flew along tl:e road, her shawl drawn closely around her, her face hidden by the huge cca!-scuttle bonnet that she wore. Nearly half!-an-hour's walking and running brought Pattie Wynn to tlhe church. Tle ight of the white tombstones were rather alarmin;g, the few willows aund cypress trees looked gaunt and grimn, and when she rian plong the grass-grown dsmp path and reached the poich, an owl .came whirling out, ahnost striking lier face with its wings ; and Pattie sinking almnost half dead with fright, on the threshold, almost wislhed herself back at the ff.rm-house. -'It was an owl ? Never mind !' she thought. ' What a silly little thing I.am to be so easily startled 1' She went out in the moonlight; the porch was perfectly dark. Somehow it felt like a vault; there was someching in the very air that- remninded.her of death. She returned tothe threshold-stone, and stood with her back to the darkness, the gloomy walls rising round her, and her face to the dark trees and the glimunmering army of ghostly tombstones. \- ' It is n-rarly twelve,' she thought. 'Where is ,myl hlemp-seeld ?' and she began fdmhling in her pocket, just to ke-p herself from thinking of ghosts all goblins. She tried to turn her thoughts fi-om her weird surroundings. l as sihe really going to see the happy vision of her life's true love I And who would the lover be, she psked herself-who ?' Would she really be \-- uarried one of these days, and come all in white in sunshiny dayligh~t to a church like tiis, or to a London church not so pretty as ti o' one? This church would be lovely. If one could only minnage not to br afraid Oh, what was that? Only the brown ow. .a:in flying aw: y with a feathery rush to another spot. The sudden noise made her quake ; but she resolved to be ready the next time for the flutter of the bird, and ready too for the clock's beginning to strike. Who was it :o be- Jack Hayford 1 Well, there might be worse than Jack ; but he had made such a point lately of talking about pretty Miss Tremayne from Cornwall that-that-no, she would not have Jack. And George Mouldrey was very 'nice.' Then there was Mr Snallap, who was desperately in love with her, as anyone could see. Snallap would not be a nice name ; but what's in a name Z What would we call a rose by any other name not smell as sweot And why should not Snallap be sweet. There was something charmingly gentle about Mr Snal lap's disposition; he spoke little, and looked a great deal-he had made love to her chiefly by ' making eyes' at her-oh, such ' eyes ? And then he wrote poetry. Jack Hayford said Dick Sinallap was cunning-a ' sly dog' was his expression. He had also said that Pattie should have seen him the other night, when he 'got a bit wild' at the 'Yellow Dragon.' Buat then Jack Hayford was jealous; and what did it matter if these nice young fellows, just down from London- for a holi day, wre what Jack called ' wild ? He, with his plain, steady-going ways, knew no thing ablout London men. And, besides, medical students were always a. little bit gay; she had heard ; their studies were so unplea sant and dismal that it was no little wonder that they indulged their high spirits when they could. That was what Jack meant by saying that these ' very nice' young fellows were running up an awful score at the 'Yellow Dragon.' Of course Jack was jealous- that was all. It was great fun to make him jealous, too. And how grand looking, tall, and dark George Mouldrey was -and what sweet poetry Mr Snallap wrote ! Oh ! what was that ? Pattie was quaking and shaking. It was only the church clock in the tower above her striking the first stroke of twelve-a long, loud, booming stroke-a thunder of metal that seemed to tremble through the building, and went vi brating away on the still night air. At the first sound, all startled and tremb ling as she was, Pattie sprang from the step of the porch, and tan briskly around the church. I sow hemp-seed, hemp-seed I sow; Let him that will my true love be Come reap this hemp-seed after me. When she had run around once, 'she was rather tired and out of breath ; but she could not stop at the porch-she would have to run round eleven times more. Her hemp-seed was all scattered; but she still kept whispering the rhyme over and over, and of course that made it harder to get breath enough for running. As fast as she could, round she went the second time. It was terrifying work, passing the back of tlhe church, where the cypress trees stood like towers of darkness, and the door of the vaults. could he seen, with the flight of steps leading down the paith. `It ~'s terrifying work, too, running out at the oth.- .., ....-- l along in the bright moonlight, where across the level turf one saw the leafless trees and the white gravestones glistening. Presently, in the bright clear moonlight, Pattie began to feel that she was doing some thing extremely silly, and of which she would be ashamed on the morrow. So she ran the faster, round by the front, and saw the road beyond the pretty-roofed gate, and she wished heartily her task was ended. I Round she went again a third timne, not so nervous now; but how tired her little feet were, and how terrible her heart was beating when she reached the porch again? With out a moment's pause Pattie continued her task, and as she went round for the fourth time she fancied she heard a footstep; but,; though it startled her, she tried to convince herself that it must have been only the echo of her own buckled shoes. It must have been the echo of the noise of her own brisk trot on the hard earth. Round she went for the fifth time, and hthere was not a sound to be heard in the quiet night, except the sound of her foot steps and her panting breath. But, oh ! it was hard work when she got back to the shady side and ran pLst the porch, that her task was only half done! By the'time she had finished the seventh round she had ac quired a good steady-going trot, with her buckled shoes making a regular click-clack and her elbows jerking at every step. When she was going round for the eighth time her bonnet was hanging loosely by the steings behind her neck. There was no time for setting it right-no time for any thing htthie alhnost breathless running and the gasping rhyme. Round she went for the ninth time, more and more tired, ready to fall with heat and fatigue. Then she-was off on her tenth round ; there would be only two more. But as she ran along by the bright side of the church, her bonnet fell off. She felt the strings untie, and glanoin~ g back, saw it in a confuse& way, as lhe saw the glistening of the dark ivy and the glittering of the windows in the moonlighit. There was no time for picking up bonnets, no time for anything but I sow hemp-seed, hemp-seed I sow; -Let hium that wiil my true love he Come reap this hemp-seed after me. She was round for the eleventh time round hy the hack, where the steps_ied down the vaults, along the moonlit path at the other side, where the graveyard was all green and bright. . Oh, what-who-was that 1 George Moul drey's face ! It looked at her, white and hard and repulsive, from under the shade of a cypress tree class to the path. She was cer- i tain of having seen it-certain as that she saw the tree, the tombstones, the church. She could have fallen ; but with a piteous cry she ran staggering on, stumbling and run ning for dntar life, round the corner, across the flagged pavement in frdnt of the church door, aid then she reached the porch again. There was one more circuit to make; but she could not-oh, no, she could not mniake it! Never had she imagined how the actual vision would startle and terrify her, if it came. And George Mouldrey-George Mouldrey, looking so horrible, too i She had thlougfIt him ' nice' before; but it was terror to know it was to S he he. It wonuldhang over her.like a cloud. She could not go round the church again and what need was there now She stag gered into the side porch. She would sit down and rest, and recover from her faint ness; and then her breathing would not be so difficult and her heart would not beat so terribly. -She would rest, and then go home. Never mind the bonnet at the other side of the church! Not for all the honnets in the kingdom would she go round there again, though of course there was nothing now to be seen there. Oh, that she were at the farm house once more ! Oh that she had never come ! So she groped about for the stone seat. But what was this lying on it I Something long, wrapped up, deadly cold, with a feeling of the grave about it! What was it ? Her piercing shriek rang out through the night and over the churchyard. A shrouded corpse was lying on the seat, and Pattie, in a dead faint, lad sunk upon the threshold of the porch. Early in the evening Jack Hayford had been in the hall,- polishing his old fowling piece before laying it by after the season'sj work, when he overheard Pattie Wynn de-! liveripg in the frelit parlour her pretty little saucy --apeech about cream and cakes and superstitions. Jack knew her better than Mrs Hayford did; he knew that Pattie really meant to go to the churchyard at mid night ; he guessed that she half believed there might ble something in the superstition, though she would not have admitted her be lief through fear of being laughed at. Jack Hayford made up his mind in a minute. He would go to the churchyard, too. He would not meet her, but she should catch a glimpse of him somewhere as she -came out. He would look pleasant, and take care not to frighten her. She would think it was a phantom Jack-a forecast of the future; and, as the poor fellow was desperately in love with her, and hoped for no earthly prize but herself- Pattie-and had, of course, talked of Miss Tremayne only for his own private ends, he felt, beside the pleasure of carrying out a joke, a strong suspicion that the sight of him might help her to make up her mind, and to play at dis dain with him no more. After they were unarried-oh ! blissful time, would it ever come ?--he would tell her some day the secret of her true vision in the churchyard, and then he would have by far the best of the joke. And towards midnight Jack Hayware' set out on his walk. Twelve o'clock was rik ing from the church tower when he had yet some distance to go. Pattie would see him on her homeward road. He would be sure to let her recognise him, but no more, and he would take the utmost care not to startle or frighten her. What was this ? He had turned into a lane close to the church-a lane frogg which, through a gap in the roadside trees, he could already see the church tower standing out dark in the moonlight; and there, a few paces farther on, were carriage lamps shining near the hedge, and he could hear the rattle of reins and bit, as of a horse shaking and bissing its head in the impatience of long -_aitinsg. Presently, in the clear moonligLt, he saw distinctly a horse and gig, and when he had reached it he found that the horse was tied to a stake in the hedge row,, and there was no one left in charge. ' Very strange !' he muttered to himself : and the next turn of the lane brought him to a back gate of the churchyard. A ditch ran along by the low wall. As he was approaching the little wooden gate, he saw s6mething long and dark lying in the deep shadow down in the ditch-not low enough to be in the water, hut low enough to be almost out of sight among the side growth of bushes and weeds, He went to see what it was. 'Bad work here !' he said, between his teeth, after stooping over it and starting. 'Those confounded 'resurrectioniasts !' Here -in our little village--at their abominable business !' He knew the long, dark objeet in the ditch was a corpse wrapped in a large oilskin covering; but he was angry, not frightened. 'I'll seeit out with them this time !' he thought, One joke is as good as another, and I'll catch these fellows or my name is not Jack Hayford !' He carried the body from the ditch into the churchyard, and gently and reverently laid it in a safe place behind the thick growth of evergreen shrubs inside the wall, where also he left his boots and his hat. Then taking with him the large wrapper of black oilskin, he went down into the ditch, wrapped himself up in place of the corpse, and lay there quiet still, except for an occasional chuckle of delight. A few minutes later footsteps and voices Swere heard. 'It's all right now. What a splendid, bright night we have had ?' ' Haveyou the crowbar anI tihe hooks j and ropes ' Don't let us leave anything, or there will be rare work to-morrow !' 'I have thern all-and the bonnet too for a trophy-a y'llow- bonno and red ro~es. the darling ' There was a burst of laughter; then a serious voice said ; 'She was near spoiling the whole business though-she was, 'pon my life ! These womnen mix themselves in everything-are! .alwayS in the way.' ' Will sh.< get out of that.faint I' asked the other. 'I wouldn't have anythinig happen to her ; a jolly little girl it would he a shame.' I At the allusion to the bonnet Jack Hay ford began to feel as if he could 1l. still no i longer. When they spoke of the faint, it was all he' could do to wait and hear the at\swer: 'Oh, she is all right !' He knew that it was George Mouldrey's voice, and that of the other Snallap. ' Well, I suppose we did the best we could,' said the mild Snallap. 'When she screamed out like that, we did go at once; and then it was ibetter for her, and the only thing for us; to take the body away to a place of safety, and leave her there. We were not long tilling up the rest of the hole, were we ?' 'No; i'm as hot as fire-never worked like that in my life-didn't know I could !' 'And whqt doq you t!ink, Mouldrey ? when the girl comes to she will be sure it was her fancy when there is nothing there; and then won't shite b~fdTrightened-eh ' ' You soft-hearted, soft-headed--' began I Mouldrey, sneeringly. ' Now don't call names; you know I----' ,I'll tell you what I know,' exclaimed Mouldrey roughly. r I know, if you stand talking here any more, she will revive and come out here and find us, and a woman spreads an alarm as oil spreads fire, "She is all right by this time, aud coning, you may depend. I. hear her step- hy Jove I do! Up with the body if there is a bit of good in you ! Quick-get it along to the gig.' The men were in too great a hurry to no tice the difference in the weight or tempera ture of the burden. Jack Hayford felt himself raised by the shoulders and legs and carried away at an unmerciful trot. Every moment he felt as if they would let him fall or pull him asunder. His arms hung lifeless inside the wrapper; he felt his limbs a dead weight. It was a terrible sensation to he carried, thus muffled, in darkness by two such men. Man as he was and brave as could be, lie did not like to think what might hap pen if, while he was thus wrapped up and helpless, they detected the trick that had been played on them. And they did not detect it. They carried hire along for a few minutes, and then he felt himself dragged and pushed up, all in a heap, on to something that shook and sprang for a moment from his weight being thrown upon it. After that it shook again as the men took their places upon it ; and then he felt that the gig was .jolting and rolling away. He was propped up on the back of it, and his two captors, with their backs to him, were on the front seat. 'I could not have believed it was that pretty girl from London,' said one--it was Mouldrey's voice-as they went dashing along at full speed; ' but when I looked from under the tree that time, to see who was running like mad, there she was, with her bonnet off, repeating something to her self as fast as she could.' ' Perhaps she" has gone mad. Queer ease that would be ! A love affair, Tshould say,' suggested Snallap, with mingled horror and pleasurable interest in a ' case.' ' She did not look like it. She screamed you know, when she saw me; but now she will think it was all fancy-a ghost-like seeing a corpse, when she finds nothing in the porch after all. Mad ? Not a bit of it! It was only a freak of hers. I heard some thing about ' him that will my true love be' and ' after me.' I say, Saallap, wouldn't it be a lark if I had made a run for her, hot and hard, and married the girl ?' Hearing this, Jack Hayford groaned, or rather uttered a growl of suppressed rage. ' Did you hear that ?' whispered Snallap. ' I thought I heard a moan' 'It must have been the-the horse,' sug gested Mouldrey, nervously. ' But it was behind us,' persisted Snallap. in subdued tones, looking over his shoulder, They are still driving on. Mouldrey began to whistle ' We won't go home till morning' -evidently with an eflbrt. 'Give us the brandy flask, old boy,' said Snallap. ' I'll take a sup myself first,' rejoined Mouldrey. ' Hold the reins. That digging was dry work.' Just as he was raising the flask to his lips there came from behind him another un earthly and unaccountable sound-a low groan, but a groan decidedly. ' Oh! mercy on us, what are we to do ?' gasped Snallap. ' We've gone and dug him up alive!' 'Nonsense! Don't let the reins go, give them to me. Don't you know what noises a weight makes settling down 1 The jolting of the gig stirs the thing you know. Don't he a fool, Snallap ! This horse is the slowest beast at the' Yellow Dragon,' and that is saying a good deal for him. Get on can't you? Get on, you hrute I' And he bega~ n storming at the horse while the gig was rattling along the road. 'But 1 say, Mouldrey, give us your opi nion. Is it possible for life to last two days I in a coffin ?' ' Is it possible to listen to your humbug ?' said Mouldrey, sarcastically; and he went on addressini the horse in terms anything but polite. 'You are sure Skinner is trump enough not to slilit on usif we lodge the parcel aU his house to-night ?' began Snallap. 'Of course,' Mouldrey replied. ' We must leave it in the town till we go up to London to-morrow. Skinner is going up to London, too, and we'll all have a lark over it. Firt.-rate specimen it is ! Ilow the heart could have failed in such a man as that Willikins, the cobbler, so suddenly, and without any complication of- ' A long, low groan cut the speech short. ' Give me the brandy,' said Mouldrey, in tones of command. 'I have been over worked -mental strain, Both of us are suffering from mental strain. It makes us imagine sounds, doesn't it I Abnormal state of the borain.' At this the corpse began to laugh; and the two men thought they heard- somebaody say, in a muffied tone, ' Abominable fiddle sticks!' c It 'must be'overstrain,' agreed Snallop. ' Those lectures were stiff; and then-say what you like, old fellow-this was an awful effort to- night-labour of mind and body. Too much, yon know! We ought to have left it to the grabbers.' 'It was only the oilskin shaking. The oilskin makes such a rustling nioise, and the road is so uneven,' explained Moulrey, try ing to reassure himself. ' I am quite certain -perfectly certain-could take my oath could sign a certificate he is dead. I saw him laid out-his wife asked me in that day j-life has ceased. I saw him coffined--saw him buried. He has been two days under Sground. Absur1 ! But at that moment something large and cold began to stretch over the back of their seat. Mistake was impossible-the corpse was climbing over on to them. It had already caught the brandy flask out of Snallap's hand. Ghost or demon-dead man or alive-there it was, almnost on top of thert. With a shout and a yell, Mouldrey flung himself off on one side of the car and Snallop off on the other. The corpse seized the reins, and away it drove, all by itself, in the gig. Without boots or hat, Jack Hayford alighted at thie house of one of the country magistrates. Five minutes later he and his. friend, the magistrate and a couple of man servants, drove back, and found, not far from the scene of flight, Mou;drey and Snallop, half-dead with terror, holding con sultation behind a hedge, one with a sprained ankle, and the other with a wrist that would have to, be 'set.' There was a case against them next day, and not the kind of case they re.lished ; and they disappeared soon afterwards from the ' Yellow Dragon,' and from Devonshire. In the winter dawn poor little Pattie Wynn dragged herself home to'the farm house, very pale and ill, and- without the canary-coloured bonnet with pink roses. She confessed her foolishness and her wild freak, and said it must have been very wicked, because it made her see 'a ghost-of a face and a corpse.' But, while Mrs Hayford was scolding her severely, and while the grandmother was sympathising with ' the poor child' and ar ranging pillows under her head on the sofa, and while the Hlayford girls were dying with curiosity to hear all the ghostly story, and to be told whose face it was that she had seen, Jack Hayford, who was always for giving, considerate and kind, said that it was a pity to worry 'poor litlde Pattie' when she was ill already. Would they all listen to him --for le had the rellow bonnet and could tell the story. So they all listened; and Pattie heard the truth about the face she had seen and the corpse. 'Oh, you will have to marry George Mouldrey, that wicked man !' cried the Hayford girls, clapping their handsin delight. 'No, I won't !' sobbed Pattie. 'I'll bet anything she won't,' said Jack, with a imischievous glance towards the sofa, And Jack was right, and the superstition was wrong. For before the summer was over Pattie was living in a handsome Devon shire country-house, which Jack- Hayford called the New Farm, among roses and honey-suckle, and cakes and cream ; and not a bit of faith has she now in ' sow hemp-seed, hempseed I sow.'-Yankee Blade. 