LITERATURE. ^COLLECTIONS OP A LITERARY *4 VETERAN.* In the seventy-third year of his age Dr. i-hnrlca Nackay has published a supplement t the Forty Tears' Recollections of Life, literature, and Politics, which he issued more than 10 years ago. The two volomes now before us cover that period as well as the subsequent decade, and contain a medal lion portrait of the author at the age of 38, »nd another copied front a photograph taken last year, illustrating the noonday and the evening of the "Long Day," in which hej ha, accomplished au amount of work, of an | intellectual character, such as journalists on]y are accustomed to perform. Belonging to an old Highland family, Dr. Mackay pub lished a email volume of poems which attracted the attention of John Black, the editor of the Morning Chronicle when that paper was a power in the state, and this led to the young man being enlisted among its con- j tributors, the list ot which bod in cluded George Canning, Sir James Mackin tosh, Brougham, and the Duke of Sussex, whom we should never have suspected ot writing leading articles, in spite of his literary tastes, if Dr. Mackay had not assured us of the fact Charles Dickens was one of the Parliamentary reporters of that journal, and Thackeray was an applicant for the post of subeditor on it, and wrote occasional criticisms for it on subjects connected with the fine arts. In 1844 Dr. Mackay became editor of the Glasgow Argus; and when the Daily JS'cics was started in 1840 he contri buted a series of poems to that paper. Be tween that time and the year 1848, when he joined the staff of the 1 llustroted London jSart, he published four or five volumes of poems. He quitted that paper to establish the London lie view in 1860, having previously visited the United States on a lecturing tour, and has since then k<*pt his pen actively em ployed, both as a writer of books and a con tributor to magazines. Such, in brief, has been the career of the literary veteran who has jotted down these recollections ; and it necessarily brought him into connexion with many famous men on both sides or the Atlantic. lie had sat under Edward Irving in his youth; and, while recoiling from what he calls his " frightful Calvinism," he bears willing testimony to the courtesy and fascination of his manners, and to the love and esteem which he conciliated in private life. Educated in Brussels, young Mackay became acquainted there with Mr. Cockerill, the Lancashire man who was the founder of the- gigantic ironworks which con tinue to bca: ii is name, and narrowly escaped bemg sent to Siberia by the Imperial fanatic the Czar I'aul, for not completing & contract within the time specified. Cockerill offered the Highland laddie an appointment as corresponding clerk, which the yonth cheer fully accepted; and on one occasion con sulted his employer aboat a " Political History of Hunger," which Mackay medi tated writing. The shrewd ironfouuder replied, " Better keep a shop than write a book. Books don't pay; a shop does."; When the Revolution of 1833 broke out in Belgium, Cockerill took refuge with his son in Aix-la-Chapelle, and Cockerill fiU happening to be guilty: of the heinoos crime of being a prosperous man, "his splendid house was sacked, his pictures, Vorks of art and furniture destroyed, and his wines con sumed by the thirsty and outrageous popu lace." Young Mackay was an eye-witness of many ot the stirrine events which preceded the achievement of Belgian independence, but returned to England In 1832, where be associated himself, as a writer of songs, with the once famous Henry Russell, the vocalist and composer; The writer of .these volume? was present at the Eglinton Tournament, and confirms the truth of the story which was current at the time, of the' Marquis ot Londonderry, who wa9 <dad in complete steel like the ghost of Hamlet's father, hoist ing a large umbrella over his head during the heavy downpour of rain' which occurred, and thus forcing from the queen of beauty, the lovely Lady Seymoar, and all who beheld the grotesque spectacle, a hearty outburst ot laughteE. In a chapter on plagiarism, in the coarse of which some curious illustrations of it are given, Mr. Mackay points out how involun tary repetitions of other tnen's thoughts -may occur without any dishonesty being justly attributed to the sncopsciona borrower, for, he remarks, "thoughtful men, whose miada *re eminently receptive, bat whose memories not retenti^ Jn an equal degree, are liable, in the lytfiyjuid fefvdnr of"composi tion, when tbei&vme; afflataa' is strong opon them, to a&xpithe; idesa/as well as the PhntseoJogy.ihatcdmee atthefr«aHf«s bom of the mojty(ti£ sponttuxeons as tliig hit of the on tbe edge of the cloud." Sheridan, it may bt, remembered, has said eometbinjt of the tense fort in the following passageFaded ideas float in the Tm?(T like half'forgotten dreams, and tmagiuailoninita fullest enjoy* BKats becomes anspteiOMof 8s offspring, and doubts whether it has created or adopted." ' Ml Mackay'« recftlfecUons of London, at he knew Uiaauly Ufe, *emind us pf the e* ^ordinary change* which have occurred in e COttra« of hftlf a ceatuj-y,< There were no cabs or was aup^mM^^dWrrLcet ^ the Set "y 48 hackaey coaches, Tb«a irere no P°>iceme^ <M aUbawMt m. tar*?* tinn Iraghelti. The Haymarket was blocked up with wains of sweet - smelling hay brought in from fields that are now covered with squares and terraces. There were no lucifer matches; and to strike a light by means of a flint, Bteel, and tinder-box required no little dexterity. "Bortlemy" Fair, held in the heart of the city, drew together all the ruffianism of Lon don once a year; and Vauxhall-garden was the principal out-of-door place of resort for the middle classes of London society, and for some of the upper ten thousand, too. There was a carver there who was qualiGed, according to tradition, to cut up a large ham into such thin slices as would cover an acre of ground. "Engaged in this operation," Mr. Mackay tells us, " he auddenly caught sight of a man who waa clambering over the wall to evade payment for the refresh ments of which he bad partaken, and, without ceasing in his work of carving, called out to another waiter, ' Look sharp, Joe! there's a lobster and two glasses of brandy and water climbing over the wall.' The man was stopped, found to be wholly impecunious, and given into custody, to appear next morning before Sir llicbord Bimie at Bow-Btreet." This gentleman, who was a famous magistrate in his day, was the father of the " Essayist," with whose writings the readers of The Austral asian ate so familiar. Dr. Mackay gives us some amusing remi niscences of what he calls "musical epi demics in London," including tbe vogue of "Cherry Ripe," "The Sea, the Sea!" "Jim Crow," "Pop Goes the Weasel," "Sam Hall," and the " Rat-catcher's Daughter." His own " Cheer, Boys, Cheer," and "There's a Good Time Coming," were also in every mouth; but although they seem to have put hundreds of pounds into the pockets of the vocalist and composer, none of the golden Bhower descended upon the writer of them, who remarks, with a considerable amount ot truth, that whereas " the 6ongs and ballads of previous genera tions stirred the blood to patriotic or tender emotions, these of the . music-hails, if they stirr up anything, arouse the bile, and pro voke nausea." When Dr. Maclray removed from London to Glasgow, expecting to find "greater freedom of oction" in the latter city, he soon found out liis mistake; and made the un pleasant discovery that the place was " socially a plutocracy, intellectually a theo cracy. No aristocracy of rank or talent existed within it," lie adds, "unless in the pulpit" And he mentions that at a dinner party to which he was invited, the only clergyman present exclaimed in a loud and dictatorial voice, over itis toddy " Thanks be to God, we have no Pope in Glasgow V " No Pope!" was Dr. Llackay's, rejoinder ; " why, you have a Pope in every parish." It was an agreeable surprise to the rash speaker to find the ejaculation greeted by a burst of applause all round the table. In that city he made the acquaintance of Professor Nichol, of the Glasgow Observatory, and of Thomas de Quincey, who had been asked to the pro fessor's house for a week, and arrived there without money, baggage, or a change ot linen, remaining for 6ix months. "Curing this time," we are told, "he received occasional supplies of money for his contributions to Bladtnaod'e Magazine, add so provided him self with snch absolutely-essential articles of under-clothing and over-clothing as he re quired, and with the loose silver in his pocket l>e purchased the laudanam that had become as necessary to his existence in health and comfort as food and fresh air." Dr. Hackay was a frequent guest at those delightful breaklast parties given by Rogers, the banker-poet, at his bijou of a residence in Parkrlane, and we receive a much more agreeable impression of his aged host trom these volumes than we have derived from other §oarce3. Captain Gronow, for example, speatc& of the " mild Venom " of every word Rogers uttered, and compared him to " one oi tlaose velvety caterpillars that crawl gently and quietly over the skin, bat leave an irri tating blister behind." This is scarcely con sistent with what Dr. Hackay says of the octogenarian poet-namely, that "he had the happy art of knowing how to choose his ' company,' to introduce celebrities to cele brities, and to bring congenial people to gether, to keep them in good humour, and to send tliem away well pleased with their entertainer and with each other." Something more than the tact and courtesy of a well bred man is necessary for this purpose. He must be also genial,and sympathetic; a good listener,^ as well a good talker; and the former is really a rarer faculty than the latter. There was, according to Dr. Hackay, no malevolence in the heart of'Samuel Rogers; and "to love literature and to exoel in poet ical composition were unfailing paesports to his regard, his esteem, and, if necessary, 'his purge." The faatidioiiw care with, which the author of jta$ Wroteand polished his cleanly* cut afed«MB;lUte ,tetee is touched npcui by the anOaor of !ihese volrimei,* and justifies Sydney ^Smith'* <Mtcions assertion that " if Rogers were writing a dozen versos the street was strewn with straw, the knocker tied up, and the *n*wei^ to the tender Inquiries of his anxioua friemda waa that Mr. Rogers was as well as,could be expected." But wlies speak ing bf Disraeli, whom he met at tiie banker's home, Dr. Madray falls into a strange .mis take in accusing bim of plagiarising the tloge of Thiers on Marshal , Mortier, who died in l835. It^as the French stotMU^&n;'a panegyric on,Ma»hsl ^3^lon fitCyr, who died in 1830/ t^|j^ «^pcopriated by the Conservative fea&r; pronouncing a funeral oration on the Deke of Wettiugton. Again; jut ipsa 285 ol .the second: Tolum«a-Hfhe Duksot ^Soimx'w&s; next iA 8occesBion: toWBliain ?hefeurth, and, bad exclwfon ot Victega^ troAbe wm Juste tp tke Ouk»« «£ Kent King six years, and was one of the earliest to I do homage to Her Majesty at her coronation. Again, Dr. Mackay, who is quite right in re presenting Andrew Arcedeckne aa having been the original of a well-known character in Pendennis, falls into the strange mistake of spelling the name " Fowker," while in one place he spells the name of Lincoln's Secre tary of War Stanton,and in another Staunton. These are oversights which may be advan tageously rectified in a second edition, and are probably due to a defective memory. Among the many famous people whom Dr. Mackay met at Rogers's breakfast table was Louis Napoleon, who clearly foresaw the issue of the French Revolution of 1848, and remarked "If there are barricades in the streets of Paris, such as those by which his (Louis Philippe's) way to the throne was won in 1830, the King will not cive orders to dis perse the mob by force of arms." *' Why do you think so?" asked Mr. Rogers. "The King is a weak man-a merciful man. He does not like bloodshed. I often think he was a fool not to have had me shot after the affair of Strasburg. Had our cases been reversed, I know that I would have bad him shot without mercy." As we all know, Louis Napoleon acted in this 6pirit when he after wards confiscated the estates of the Orleans family. Dr. Mackay remarks that Louis Napoleon thoroughly understood thecharacter of the French people, to whom, much more than to the English, is applicable tlie first Napoleon's epithet of "a nation of shop keepers." The author of these volumes was present at the funeral of the poet Campbell in West minster Abbey, when the service was read by another poet, Dean Milman, and a little inci dent is mentioned which we do not remember to have met with before" As Mr. Milman pronounced the affecting words of the burial service, 'Du6t to dust, ashes to ashes,' a Polish gentleman made his way through the ranks of the mourners, and drawing a hand ful of earth from a little basket which he carried, exclaimed in a clear voice, ' This is Polish earth. for the tomb of the friend of Poland,' and he sprinkled it upon the coffin." If, according to the antique belief, the shade of the poet could have been hovering near, nothing would have gratified it more than this tribute to the memory of him who wrote the '"Lines on Poland," and "The Power of Russia," in which he warned his fellow countrymen of die dangers to be feared from the aggrandisement of the latter empire, and exclaimed, " Our time is'coming; but in freedom's van He Polish eagle's fell is biff with fate to man." On one occasion Dr. Mackay dined with Bayard Taylor and a party of friends at the Star and Garter, Richmond, and mentions that on calling the American's attention to the lovely landscape visible from the terrace, the guest replied, " Very handsome, indeed ; bat it strikes me that there is too much timber, and that tbe landscape would be vastly improved by judicious clearing." Some amusing anecdotes ore related of the egregious vanity of the late Charles Kean, of whom he remarks that "no praise that could be bestowed upon him, unless it were enthusiastic and unqualified, seemed to his mind to be worth having." But this is characteristic of nearly every theatrical I star, and of a good many second and third rate actora and actresses, too. A little story of Charles Kemble is also worth re lating. He waB as deaf as a post, and being seated next a tragic actre3s, and opposite to John Braham, the famous vocalist, Kemble said to his neighbour, in a whisper as he thought, but really in stentorian tones, "My dear! do you see that silly old man with the beautiful wig opposite, with the bright eyes, the rosy red cheeks, and the splendid white teeth? That is Jobs Braham, the celebrated singer. Look at him well! There's nothing genuine about him except his eyes. He's a make-up altogether. His wig and teeth are not the only, shuns about him. Even his eyebrows are false. His cheekB axe plugged out with ivory pads. If yon conld see his legs, you would find that his spindle shanks are well padded-that his calves are fictitious." John Braham heard every word of this uncompli mentary description, but, knowing tbe in firmity of his tfis-d-tris, did not resent what was intended for the lady's ear only, and adroitly put a stop to Kemble's portrait painting, and to the embarrassment of the other guests, by inviting him to take wine with him.' :V ( About a reac ago Mr. J. R. Lowell wrote an essay "(ma Certain Condescension in Foreigners," in which he accused the Mar quis of Hartington of-having worn aSeces siotTbagge « publfcb≪ in New York, addingt&at; yIteri that xiobleman was pre* seated ito ihe Ptesident, "Mr. Lincoln pecskted iti trin Mr. Partington.' had had the baidemblem on such imtocM^ method of reaeating U Woald' have been a piece of farcical vn)g^£tt£ qtiite unworthy of his ^yet Mr. Lowell's com ;|efin«nent of goodbK(#iiin,iCMld go no farther!" It so happens ^^i^^Jfeckay was in New York at tbe tkae^ and*] though a liable to be prefsentattbia very baH^to which he, had beenlnvft«4> W obtained from those who <ttdtit«nd »;«&: |r^|Wito;>cconttl of what actually tpok jjhwe. jQpe of the belles of New York, with whom Lord Hartington had &attfe;|l bnCeoit twice/fceked his permission {o&twh; ..h& buttonhole, which he ^ari^i^granted, in completeignorance that the badgehad any special significance. A fewttinuSea afterwards a fire- eating stock btdier. 'wM jWas alsocaptam of a regt ment of votbitw(8,^peRiniptorHy requested /$$: JjaiJ&'bfthe Secessionists hia wearinglt tho* publicly was aninsult toeveeygeatie ; Harfingtoa leuatMmd the very bad taste of exhibiting it in any way whatever." Mr. Lowell should now make the amende honorable. To those whoae memories go back to a por tion at least of the time covered by these re* collections, and who remember many of the celebrities described, Dr. Mackay'a two volumes will prove the means of reviving many interesting soovenira, while to the members of a younger generation they will be the meajia of conveying a good deal of accept able and agreeable information concerning English statesmen and men of letters, with whom it was tlie good fortane of the aged poet to contract either a friendship or an ac quaintance. 