Australian Tales and \ Adventures; ^ - . ' — ? —*? — — — .:?'''; ' ; FIFT)' LASHES. .? '? — . ' .;- .. ' — ? » ': By ATHA. « ' . CHAPTKEI. i A full summer moon i overhead, casting bars ot soft sheen athwart the troes in the public Domain, Auckland, New Zealand. On a rustic bench, beneath the widespread ing branches of a giant Kami pine, sat a half caste Maori girl, and by her side a tall hand some youth, wearing: tho dark-blue uniform of Caversham's Horse. no opaniBu Dcauty coma Doast a more glorious beauty of face and form tban Kiora Selby. Her mother — daughter of the old Maori Chieftain, Te JPuke, fell in love, and married one Tom Selby, a sergeant in tbe 6— th^ regiment, and with her hand cams lnany broad acra in the most fertile valleys of the Waikato, which the old soldier soon converted into a good payable estate. While Kiora was yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside the city, and bent his daughter to a boarding school until she becamo old enough to take charge of hia household. ' ' And so you are going to morrow, Charlie I' she asks timidly, at the samo time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands, ' Mast it really be to-morrow?' '. r 'Beally and truly, Kiora,' he answered. ,' Tha horses were put aboard early this oven ing, and we sail to-morrow at daylight.' ' How dreadful this war is,' she cays in a low tone. ' Ah, dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not Btand idly and see thoee mad fanatics, the rebels, murder and plunder innc ? cent people Since Bewi was driven out of Waikato, the Government have done all in their power to induce tho dissaticfiod Maoris to lay down their ormB, and live at peace with their Pakeha neighbours, bnt yoa see it is of no avail. Trpore and his crazy brother have rouied the Taranati tribes to open re bellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented one- Charles flianton from enjoying his Christmas dinner under the samo root as Kiora Belby,' . ?- Do'ar Charlie, no one can regret that mis fortune more than poor Kiora,' ehe answers aoftly. : . ' ? Charlie laughs. lightly, then stoops down ward until hia 'mouBtaouo reaches KiDra'/jripo redlipa, and— well, tbe moon only know! what took place, lor be was watching them, Jill Moonship sees many things that lovers wot not of. On this lovely ereniofr, (hero waa no exception to the rule, for ha observed olose by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other, tho form of a man, crouching low down behind a thiok eorub,'. which completely bid him from the oyea of those- be was evidently watching— a man with a pals, vile-looking faco, wbioh peered out at them from tha screen ot foliage with' a savage gleam in bis eyes. The apparel of the eaves-droppcr was .similar la that worn by the girl's companion, «aVa that he had three narrow golden stripes upon bis ooat eloove at the wrlil, whloh beipoko tbo man a non- oommiiaioned officer, burins a long chat, euoh as lovers usually Indulge, the watonor never itlrred from bis bent poiitlon ; bat Hatched to every, word uttered with a greed Ibat wm only born of deep pad absorb' ing Interest, It was only wbon Kiora rose to depart that he draw farther Into the ehad,e, and in io doing made* nolia which attraotid - tbe girl's attention. ? .. -» 'What was that, Charlie!' aba orled, nettling faehelt.oloBe to tha side ol thai gentlomtn, and easing round in a!«rm. - 11 What is the matter, deir f ' 11 Did yoa not bear a milling nolu T It sounded close by that both there,' she said. ?? HwobI Kiora, yoa are filled with ulranRO fanclei to-nlshtr ba said gaily. ' First ll was a sbbotlni) star, big with evil portent for ua. Now it li a noils a«. of sonlo lurking Hiaiiln. Pooh, my girl, thera is' nothing— save perohanoo somo graiibopper looking lor Its roaio,1^ , ' Oh, Oh«rll«, I would give all I_poi«' In tho world to pnnnt 790 going toVTursnakl,' ?bo said, with sudden «nergy. - ''Non«in«8, VfhfT! ; . ? ' Beonuia I bin bne morbid Janoy. that when wn part to night it will bo for aver,' : ' ^?Myd«r)lng,l-i-'-]: , 1 ? ?tLliien to ro«i Obutlis, Do yon bellove ln;dre»mi.?' - ' ' i f ? :.? ??. ? .? . ? -}'tPn-em». certainly. ! t btllnva, tliey »r» dream », rii)ihln8na».'J' .' ?.??: ?? --. .v: m» mnidth n«ille4 1mr «m»ll lu»d— eiowncd with a ooronst ol glooy faW hair —closer to hia breast, and looking irp at him with her large eyes, said : 'I had a terrible dream the night -before last— a dream in which I saw what took place aa plain as I can see those trees before me now.'. ' What did yoa Bee, Kiora ?' : 'An enoampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and sur rounded on every hand by high rugged bills, treeless and barren in the extreme,' she re sponded,. in a low hushed tone. 'Beyo*sJ| the tents on a green patch of sward, my dream ?dieolosed a solid square ot glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three posts stand ing upright. On those cruel stakes a man was being tied band and foot to be flogged like a slave. My God, it was terrible.' The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion,' for Bhe had begun to shiver like one in a ague fit. ?? ? ? ' Did you recognise tbo features of tbe un fortunate fellow.at the triangles ?' he asked presently. ' I did.' ?' .?-.'! 'And you knew him f ' I . ' 'Yea.' ? . . %. 'Who was he, Kiora?''' ' I '.Yourself, Charlie 1 Oh, the unutterable angnish depicted there! Ob, the miser; and the despair, and tba sickening dreadful blows that fell upon mj ears like some shuddering 'horror too great for mortal heart to bear I Yet I was oompelled to Raze nntil tbe dread fuUwo-'t was ended. Then I heard a load shoot away towards the cliff*, and looking thence, behold a great fiorde of Maori warriors rush like a mighty avalancbe'uponti)asquare of armed men. and shiver it rnto a Hondred fragments. Thon all becamo chaos- and con- . fusion, intermingled with shouts and cries, and a vision ot tbe man who hadbeen de graded mounted upon a saddle and bridleless horse, his bare and bloody back glistening conspicuously above the crowded melt until tossed to and fro liko a worthless-waif, 'it went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw it no more.' ' , I ..'.. Charlie Stanton stood silent (or a moment. 'A'feeling of some nameless, dread began to steal over him at Kiora's recital, but he shook it off, and replied in a bantering way; | V Dreams are all my oye, sweetheart. In deed, it has been said by certain orusty old bachelors that dreams are liko -ladies, they follow the rule of contrary. Como bold up your head, my dear, I shall return to yoa 'ere tbe now year U many weeks old, with all my honors. Think upon me.' j ' I fervently trust you may; dear Charlie,' she replied. Then, suddenly lilting her bead:. ' ? . ; i ' Charlie, I want yoa to make me a promise — a solemn promise.' . -' ' : ' Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to pro mise ? ' : ? ? ' . : . ' ! 'Tbat^you will refrain from taking one drop of intoxicating liquor until you return to Auckland.' ' ' ' 'You little tyrant,' he cried, laughingly. 'You would like to set a trap for me. You have your tea without stint — whioh ths doc tors eay is rank poison — and yet one is to be deprived ot his glass of grog, simply because that giddy head of yours has been running too muoh on wors and rumoars of wars. Bat, Bwect Kiara, let as change the Bubject. How lovely tho night is.'.' \- They went out into the soft glow, arm in aros^eho pleading for his promise— he, laugh iHgly, resifting her. Oaward down tbe green slopes, Etrown witb murky shadows^ that seemed to shallow them. Dp aad leave no traos behind. ' By-ahd-bye the larking figure cams, forth from his lair, and stood up in the fall light of tha moon — a tall dark man, about thirty years of age, facs sallow and closely shaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. ?? j ? .'. So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy,' be mattered, apostrophizing himself, a sinister gleam in his eyes the while. ' Why, who would have thought the ring doves would 'select this epot for their senseless ohatter ? — almost under my nose. Humph I My limbs are racked with cramp. Confound tbem both. What tho devil oan there be aboat. this weak paling dandy, that she mast prefer him to a boiler man. Aye, one, who j cares more for her than ho does.' | He stood with folded arms a moment, washing tho direction tboy had taken, f . \- 'There ye go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip band of me, but. toko care, my lad, I don't checkmate you. For ten years you and I hive been what modern society calls friends, Charlie ; but modern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It baa robbed mo of many {dings I bad eet my heart on, even tbe love of Ibis proud wench— who has thought fit to trqat my advances with scorn and insnlt, sinoe yoa have taken the. field, Charlie, won cJierc. Well, well, I am content to bids my time, Kiora Selby. . Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I: havo tho cue, my weak-minded Bpark, and it shall go hard, but I will use it to advantage when opportunity offers*' . ; . : . Ho followed in the wake of the lovers with a alow and meditntive'Btep, his bead bent, and his hands clasped behind his back. 'It my. friend Stanton has one pet Vice above another, that visa is drink,' he mat tered, pausing in his walk. ' Not a eot, who loves to tipple alone, until ho ia speechless, oh, dear no ; but one. of your gentlemanly, Bocial souls, who cannot suf, nay when jit is placed under bis nose. list him promise if ho will; be oannot resist it.' I have Btudied the roan. . Twice has he risen to the rank ot sergeant sinoe the corps was formed, and eaoh timo degradod to the ranks again through tbe love ot goad liquor. So, to. Charlie, all's {air in love and war. Therefore I'll bait my line and angle lor yoa my friend. Onoa landed, I see my way clear to la' bette Kiora, and har broad acres.'' ? . | ? Sprgoant Exley, of Cavershom'o Horse, in creased his pace, crossed tbe park,! and anterod tho street ( thenae bis walk brcame slower, until he roaohed Shortland PUoo. Here he halted, and stood watohing the front of a prolty villa on lbs opposite slda of the w»y- ' ' ?: ? . r . Thero mast have bjen something very at tractive hero to engige tho sergeant's attcn tention, tor he remained on the tpat olosa upon two hours. Ho was still waiting nnd watohing,,whcn a yonng man issued from the house, bumming a favorite opera air, 'Uollo, Charllol well met, dear boy. Whero havo yoa been f ' cried Bxley in *- sur prised, yet pleasant tone. j 'Just ran over to bid the 8*lbys. good- bye,' replied Stanton. ' Out what are you doing down this, way, Exloy?' j 11 Ah, taking a walk uodortha moon to view tho city, 1,'gusii wo shan't havo another opportunity ol viewing tho spires ot Auckland by nioanUtflit /or some linje to carno. Trath is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met joa.' ? 'Why?' ... . ! 'BjomioJ. was just making my way to tbe Albion, whoro I've premised to rout ono or two jolly follow*, to take a partlog glass. Von will join ujsoloouno.' j '?My dear Sito, nothing wonld sirs me gre»bw plcMurSTittfer^1' 'Bat whutr ^V' . 'Tl'- »m'- la,' «Umm«rM Ohwlle, 'I bivoraaiiftnromhenotio toaob Itnuor ot wyklnA until I return bom Twannki.ll 'Phewr,' whittled tas Sergeant. 'I'm «orr»farihM,in»impoh;as you will mlis a bowl ot tho bo»» punoh, and ono or two at tbo mi°lV ,flomio Uoil* in N«* ZwUnd. Osod nlghti' ':?'..:?:: ,'.: -? '????-..- - \\- ?? ?flergeAnl EjIo/ larnciapoa hU' hcol, bat -Stinlonaiaibt him by iho arm, ! : »«qW hard, D»ley '? Wo sail «arlr;la tb« rnomlng j it's almoiV morning already, there fore I'm with joq. .1 e*n:a(ioomp»ny you without broa.klnBniy word, slj?' - * 'Certainly.' ; - : And the angler wenf in with his intended dupe, and brought hun' forth in the grey light of lbs dawning day, staggering, uproarious, and with his promise shattered to the winds. ' *?* CHAPTEBH. ' , There are tew eoanea in New Zealand more grandly rugged .than the Ohan Valley, dggranaki, the spot where tho Volunteers bad formed their bivouac on the 24th of Deo., ia anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was 'Christmas Eve, the time night, a oalm lovely night, with moon and Stan stnd ding the dark bluo. canopy of heaven. * The camp waa composed ot auc hundred rank and file ot the Auckland Biflfe, together with one troop ot Caverahom's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and oovered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the'iixty men of the troop, ten of their number had been told off aa guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The snpply of grog and provisions were only limited, and needed bat one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. Taere were six quarter casks ol rum standing in a row, flanking the stores, — a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme- to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in. tho still dead night, with no eye looking on. Toia idea appeared to have taken posses sion of tho sergeant, for he oalled the gaard together abbot the watch-fire, and eaid : . - .' Comrades, I need hardly remind you ot the general order issued this morning. Wa are under- martial law here on.the^eld. Colonel Bartopp, aa yon all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty, will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand 7' . They appeared to understand very well that drunkenness would be punished only with the lash, . and they .glanced towards tha rum-puncheons, and thonghf tbe sergeanfi a worthy fellow to oon oern himself about their welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. : One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-lookiug fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra firma, it one might judge by bis gait and big conversation. His name was Bob Cable7 and while the ser gesftt warned his' men,' was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough dose of a magnifioent water-spaniel at his side. This experiment with tbe dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape. Tbe boy, who answered the nom de placn of ' Sinfly,'f was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knoak.-about amongst thetroopere. He conld speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one ot the- most misomevous young vagabonds in MaorOand. ! .' As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen wind, which mada' the air biting cold, and eet the whole tents shivering like bo many Bheoted ghosts under tha moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner be neath the tarpaulin which oovered 'the stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. The party round tha fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained by it.tr Chorlea Stanton and Bob Cable. 1 1 was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed, between these twain, yet no two men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one bandiome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pdsilan imity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How. came there oppoBits to befriends? Simply through one1 little act ot kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold 'Te Banga,' Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out side the. enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his side received during the attack. The Volunteers were repulsed, bat at the risk of bis life Charles Stanton walked coolly oat to the trench, and bronght in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori ballets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob bad often spoken his. gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask ot rum, which baa been emptied to the dregs in fightin; their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for number four of the guard. I Charlie Stanton rieea hurriedly, wishes Cable 'good-night,1.1 and answers ' Hera.' i ? ? ?? . It is hia turn lor sentry, and be is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. . Silence now. reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild' edreeoh of tho pelew out yonder by the lake. Sanfly- cronched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in tbe vicinity, i The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth, 'sergeant Ex'ey is standing with a paanloan in hia hand; talking to the sentry in a low earnest tone,^ 'Indeed Charlie, I see no great harm in a glass ot grog on suoh a cold night. _ We are not in town where it oouldbe easily obtained, therefore one must get it bj stealth.- Of coarse yoa art on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, bat I mast say a small half-pint oat of one of these casks would, never bo mis sed.' ; -| ; ? '??- ' i ' Perhaps not,' answered Charlie Stanton, eareleaily, ' Fray do aa you please, yoa have command otthe guard; bat 1 say, Exley, what about that ieoture yoa gava us respecting, general orders, and, Cplonel Bartopp's stern diceipline?' j The sergeant laughad in a quiet way? and' replied, ' Wait until yWre promoted again, Charlie, tben adopt my plan. One side for the men, tho other for your ' friends. Barely yoa were not impresMd with ? my caution. Lord, I. feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. lied tape and bnukum. Bunkum and red tape to tbe end ot the chap ter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not. retired to bis tent without a skinlol of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watch through the Ions night in this sharp wind, not whet oar whistle when it is here ready at our hand?' ' 'Bravo,' Exley I Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with tho commissariat oxoept the quartcr-maater, but I repeat, yoa are my superior oflloer, and— thero are the. casks.' - ' Good. Thb tallow here seems a little apoplectic, wo will bleed him.' 'With all my heart, bat how will too do it, through his banghole T ' oried Obarlle, laugh ingr .;.-.'? 'Mo I Only* bungler would go to work that way. Boo here, I have a gimlsl. Now,1 keep watch While I -piU this follow1! frontii pleoe,' --I'- ' . ? . . OlemanfEiIay out a triumphant look at his companion en he went down on bia knees to bore tha rnm paneheon. Had lh« good natured iueoniUnl dupe eeen that look, he would hvn thought twloo before hobnobbing wltb tbe subtle and eraitf scoundrel before him. - Bat Charlie ' Stanton, mcMutlog tbe man by bis own standard, mm nothing in ilr save a. good fcllow In want ot ? nobbier, and who had plnok enough to haurd bis sergeant's stripes for it. . CjhwUor from hi* lair m silently as a ser pent, Baifly beheld) Bxley holding tha ptnnl can over a thin stream Issuing from, one ot Iheouki. How th« llijaor hisied and gurgled M It spouted Into tho pot I Wbon the utensil wu lull, OhAtUa held his thumb to the hole nntil tba iurgoa.nl plugged it up again. 11 Now, oororade, l»ko a nip.' 'Alter you,' Hid Charlie, modMtlj. ????:'v;v-'..-;j-^'' 513: ? ??' ' ;v; '. '?? ?'. ': -T-': 'j ??.':,::??/?'???.-? '..''????'.'? ?.'.'?'..?;'? i..f';,*: \- 'Tha girls wa lelt behind us,' and line ser geant pat the liquor to bis lips, but hodid not - drink any. - \ ' . . | . -? . ' I'll grva that pledge -with 'aBimy heart,' . responded Charlie, in proof of which be-almost emptied the pannican at a draught. It took away his breath Tor the nonoo, but that was nothing — tbe ti;ht waa cold. '. ? ?? What do you say, shall we refill the gob let, Stanton ?'* : -. '; . - ' By all'means, Exley, and the pot was re plenished; ' ; '. '? 'I did 'not expect we were going to bavo sach a jolly time in general,' said the uebtry, seating himself on -ons of the | pancheons, with the can ot rnm between I his knees, ?? Come, Clem, take a 'sip and pass the de canter.' ?;' . . ? ? ' In a short time the measuro waa. again, empty, and once more refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon began to tell upon the troopers. ' Wo must bo cautions, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard,' Baidjoe sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. ' It is now past midnight, aad I don't expect the visiting officer before four o'clock.' - .'Oh, bother tha visiting officer— puss tbe 1 nappy, Clem.' . -. ; / :' I. suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hoars are up1,, Cbar- . lie?' ' . ? |» ' ' Not at all. I am content to remain here until daylight, providing yoa leave bo the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may yoa live to bu a general.' ' The sergeant watobed him with glistening eyea. 'Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,' he said. : ' 'I I nonsense. Here, hold my carbine, tha pot is empty.? . . i . r '? One p.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the . ? sergeant's' companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another 'half- hour the poor dupe ia etapgering : about, moralising to the empty air, like one of Con grove's heroes.1 He will have another sip ot the liquor, and ha has his way, for ha is beyond reasoifnow. Tba rum has. mastered bim completely ; anon he 13 nothing; but a grovelling bundle of humanity, his: laugh , cracked, sense gone, and talking — yo Gods I j such rnbbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant i grows disgusted and leaves him alone in his [ glory. ? ' ' . ? i: . ' ? ' The officer of tho night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At threo aim. the 4 Commissariat Guard turned oat at his - summons, and was dismissed an correct. ' How many: sentries' have yoa, Sergeant Exley?' ? . . I ' ? ?' Only one, Captain 1' !' 11 1 will visit bim.' .- i; . ? It was usual ^for two men of the gnsrd and tha noncommissioned officer' in obarga to accompany Iba officer when visiticg . the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, ? who conducted Ibe captain over to tliestorcB, but ot course thero was no one to challongo their approach. - ? \ ' Halt,' ? cried tho officer, 'honM, this 7 ' where isyour man, sergeant ?' he aakjsd in a tone ol surprised ' . ! \, Before tbo question could be answqriia, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed ont the dark inncrt form, of the tipsy sentinel stretched npoh tiie floor fasi asleep. A light wai brought from tha tan t and they tried to rquse him, but in vaini llTuere Appeared no need to inquire how the jttm got drunk on his poit. Too leaking calk, thi gimlet, and the pannican half full ofiiHqaoV on the ground beside hiaj, told ita ojrn tal/'^» plainly, '- f ?' ? ? ; j; ,C~ 'This is a very unfortunate matter,^ cried the sergeant, with well- feigned regret-in his tone. .'What is to be done, nir?1 ' -; ' : ' Done 1 wliy yoar duty, Kergcant iETley, of oonrse,' responded the ciptdin,i'HC«rry ' the poor devil to tho guard-tent, aid put ' another man in his stead. .' I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my -return. ?; Good night I' ';? Morning came with it? rosy Wash tinging ibe hill tops and kissing II19 slcfpingpncimp ment into renewed Ufa. It found S^r^eant Exley pacing moodily before tho guanl-tant where his unfortunite victim lay slumbering . off tbe fumes of intoxication. : : ' Is this bat the prelude to her dream ? ' he muttered. 'Gad, it would teem soJ Here are ths circle of hills around, bare »ml treeless overlooking the valley below. Yonder the Ohan L»ko gleaminyin tha early sun: lika a burniahed shield. Whit more? Shell lha curtain rise to-day upon the first act lot tho dream T— the formed square, and tbe mun tied to the triangles? We shall «co. Clurlea Stanton, it would hive been well batfihou or 1 never seen Kiors Selby. Poor wretcn, Bleep en. When thou wakest thou wilt see the rat ' ready.' And now to snatch an hour's rest.' He turned into tbe tent, and ai that momentlho voioa of Sanfly was heard oill irjg for Snap, ths retriever, who ran Risking towards the lad in great glee, and thB pair raced down tbo hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. : i jj (To be continued.) -i.[ 