THE PHANTOM FIDDLER I OF BEERACH LODGE. FRnot ALL TIuE YEAR RoustD. '3y uncle, ~Ir. Soaunserton, was agent to tIhe eccentric Lordl Beertghl, and. durilg q his life, resided inll Beerlgh Castle, a omag Iiticent old mlansion, overlookinglBeeragh I lake, far away in the wilds of West Con nausght. When L?rd Beeragh died, uncle lquittedl the Ca:stle, taking up his abode in e e:amtgh Llge, at muchls smaller residence oll the opposite shlre of the lake. It, was :a very curious house. Built in what had t1been ta vast quarry, the fronlt a/-artuts'tas sarl entrance towered high c a:l.re the humbler portions inhabited by awsle ant.' nuwt. Th'e LuCger rc:eptiont r)ooms were seldon e used. lThey were fitted up ill a style of y .ld-world gromlcur which did not at all agrce wiith uncle and aunts quiet ways. (TOer thes lille roocts arose a most curiotus erectil--n vast saloonll extending fro.m end to end of the building, almost a::ltgether composeld of glass; a hughe cu;pol; towering in the centre of the roof, ca: chingvvc rary of light from all quarters of tise sky. t )lce this culrious apartmeout had been :oreaous ;ith Iaillt land gilding, but tile gotl lats larnished, the brilliant colours teare faded to I:oor stains. 'lI'hewindotsopened upon a wide bal a,,ny, t hich ovcrlosked the nost superb t vi.we I scvr lhel.l. 1 '?tle ,ontly Ilnmus of appr .otct th to this strluage structure wras t'up a Ilight of steps outei:;iletlh house, Few people seemed to s-are fotr disturbing its unbroken soei It was winter tillme, anid the hOluse t full of lerrllyl people, and, as the lll:( inn dailly Il~Ue weret Lo small to f c it us dall. uncls, with a reluctance 1 tars sl.owt to ,lloprheld, gtctllted us per ini:,i,:,n 11u., ine the lateCr :partinents. t "t-,sitle their splildou'r, they were grim ln gll·". , !llut we wreatI gl s a sll iUlng nd ray in tos,: days, all we tilled tlhemt with seerrs Iu'_i terc and jioyouss music tfrot early Im ,rn'ing until long after midnight. ti with one corent w? arll avoided tithe hlbrary, because of a sicture which lungl r:cr,.. It was :u magnificent portrait of tirm la.t Iiaron l:cetmrlh, uncle to the first Earl, and great-grnud-tuncle to the present on\er of lthe title lie i?Lhst Iave been a sin of singulU" ipermsnal beauty, butwifl :al rxprs. n- s a, j,eculiar that I could not l, lsar ise l,,,k at his 1,tinted semblanle otn thie lilory waill. Curtainly I have nvere :?:na ili l-ture which plssesead the sacue i ce!slc c c vcr mne. I never wentintothat o. I, if 1 could hly ay means avoid doinsg 'Thle illnter wis ione of ulnexamnplcd Sri, vg. |bt we lyoung,I folks rejoiced over th:I dthiihlful 'ior altinled by the far st rt 'vl4,- f' ,zta:1 lake, atid our wholedays and-. itst'erd, ?someititles a few shours of ihs,,- l1els' moonlit nights--were spent oni i. : s,-th glitteritg saurfacee. Onie nighlst Se bti! an ,,el-tair ilaac, aId it wats uponits t "itsl,-:,Lhme frl o it , haeth that tahe ltat of situ- I::;;. o tIIIIsiltlec tllings i Wliclt took place lt Ohe hL:alg occurred. Sbrotillher Walter and I were tie last t., lea . tie ]LIk. A\s we elerCaged frol t!:c thick fir wioods which separted the :os111, i tihle wtaters eSdge, we pausad. 7the : i:aeti which amet our startled view i arestesd ualr steps and held us spell 'Th" i-ele widows of hie saloon were ali :1 5 , 'n:- n 's uit smarthllylight--not the red \- r". r"` i.:..-, I·n: :a hltarl, clear, radiance ]:ki thi ale ttri, li :..hf-to-d.ay, the glas S1 (0r ."1,,%is;so I ia;t ;tgaibt thedarekness -,-"t -!. l a':," ias; elssssri slsmaround ie, ;;1:1 ra Ilsat;: , le,' s illmllellt or two iwe .-; .i tlr . "ri: ic lle . ' cnll, just as ? li:;hti;i !lash leapt into darkessc, atd is I:,a;n. tahe :mrd illumination vastishled, sit th i hoSe la:y blacek sagainst thestarlit I.y. i se:::ce]7 remumhblcr anythingmore until I fould Ins:aclf itll ly own room. I h:ul - t sea silrit. to join the mer-ry party as; s-tptir-. Tiled :st? amid greatl ypzlled a to 11 he re-:u -r ,f wh- alt li had seo, I went t-0-1 . rL t in y,. - and verly tired, ,soot f ,, ".t ::0.1 fell sl, op. \\\;:en I awloke sly -thire had turn low.s It:id, ltehrosigh the profound windless hush of t nIlit of intelnse frotst, I head a CL -k :trike. As the sosnsld died on the ~uil till t air ansthr took its place. 1 :.?rt u.I a l slisteined. Softly, clearly through thvdeathlilkesilencestole aound ,f mtu:si. At lfirt a faint, far-ofltrilllike thll soar; of : lnik high in thie heatents - the comsig :carer, grswing louder and looler, aso i claheo at and. It. was ., luist i clys:-ect a1 ilainttive,land thrilled tea from iad to fioot. 1 could not dis ti:gui.ll alythi like an air. The only thing tio lhlch I coIdl compiare the sound wasa i ott :,i onle of birds' soris on ai shinft- us 'ic.-Ia r at up iU ed tol5ist n, the; hre ;~s,:tlting sto wirls anId tttn e.u-thly in tlL music. "What could it ll \ hits of ltle's guests was so devoted to violinl-aiyinsg as to wander alcuit tih heasue lpnlising . intricate C suat thel dead of night, andl with til thrnlo ter tLet der4r5ees lelowh zero I And thet, did :smy of them possess so comsipleti- a il.t iet-ert orver that most difliuetlt , lf ilrll nlls Tter' weare wd ild esd enc:.: ru- I-hakcs, trills, which only a akill, I p-i:rsrmtr couhli accoldishlt. As if the msd .owu violin-player knew of the lIre liste i- tol his awild lars'oalieo, the ic ts ellll to pasllle over mly head, glide ,a:,t Isy" wihdow, and sink lower, iwcr, until at last it reachted mly ears dull.d sae l iismileld frlello the lower rooms; then it ct.i5 d. IThs llsice auss :lstir befiore I slept. ' \Vshieh ir sias "atleoUeat serenaded us lasto Iligtt ' stiks Etlhenl Sunderesoll, one of our guests, at brteakfastu nexlor ount looked uip, a scarred, pained ex prertion o helr face. Uncle left the table. Elthll esaw eomtethasg was amiss; she said n1o nmore. As we separateds after breakfast, aunt tWclied sly atrs. " Come into my room," she said, 1 followed her. "Doln't say anything about-sabout the noise yonu haal-the-the- wind make throussh the lattice-work of the balcony last nsght," lite said. " Ethel heard it, and I sae hy your face you hieutrd it, too. Your uncle does sta like to lharitspoken "'lThe wisl Aunti Alice l' I cried. " WhyI, tlCre ca eOts breathl of air; and htlb t heat was a violin most beautifully played." " I nrill not argue with you, alstd,"saunt 'aid. " All I ask of you is not to speak of it bhforh your uncleo. If doesnotcare to hear it splken about." " \tnst y"- tell im why I am aos to awnthan it s" o asked eagerly. "-o, ehe siaid docidailty. " I sevcs asked your uncle his reasons for any in junction he lays upon me ; and I expect I the same from you." So she left me, much puzzled and a little indignant. Aunt's boudoir was on the bedroom corridor, therefore, as I stood at the top of 1 the V-stoaircaso in the centre of thehouse, , I was o i a level with tie hall. As I quitted her room I saw the slender figure of a man inl a dark dress cross the wide hall from the library to the drawingroom. At the srune moment my youngest brother, Ilugh, and Tom Saundoerson entered the hall. I ram dlown one flight of stairs and up the other to mlleet them.. " lhugh-Hilugh, who was it that went into tile deamwingroomt this moment?" I cried. '` 'hy, noone," Hugh answered. "All the men are down on tile ice-Tom and I mcle bamk to find out what was keeping you girls." "But," I insisted, "someone-some mam went into the drawingroom as you camne through the door. You amust have noticed him, munless you were blind." " I saw no one," Tomn Saunderson said. " Nor I," lHugh responded. " I must see," I cried. And, followed by the young men, I daslhed into the big, chill rooml. Now, they say- those two boys-thatI must have been dreaming whlile it was broad daylight; ibut, so surely as I saw anything in that nrome-the tire oni the hearth, tile frosty sunlight streaming into the conservatorvy-- saw a mansn ill a pecu liar dress, with a violin in his hlnd, stand ing beside the grand piano. As eian int tile room, his eyes met mine with a looc wllich seemed most strangelyfamiliar. The finely-cut features were deathly pale. Tile handt whicih held the violin with a practised clasp, gleamed white and shining fromn tie ruffle which fell over the waist. For one breathless scecond it stood still, then bowed low. and then drew back into tile conservatory. I reeled roulnd, and would have fallen. Hugh caught me. " Well, you are a queer girl !" he cried. "You look as if you had seenc- " " Oh, hush--lhush !" I gasped out. " It bears you ! Look, it bas turned I Oh, Itugh, don't let Tom follow 1" For Tomrn Saunlelson h:ul rn int the consuervatory, and w:% close to the fi-pire. which I saw plainly moving aemongst the flowers towards the door leading t the steps. " Call him back I Tell him not to follow it 1'" 1 pleaded. " Folhlow what ?" Hugh asked anoust angrily. " You are dreamUing, Annic." " No, no, no ! See !" I cried. " lie hIb just passed out of the door. lie is going up the steps. Oh, Tom, come b.ck -comeo back!" Dark against tihe red winter sunshine, I saw tile slender figure slowly meont the crazy steps, and disappear. W\itht my haud grasping Ilugh's aru, 1 tottered isto the conservatory, uand reached tie outer door. It wa: locked. " Why, Annio, you have taken leave of your senses," HIugh cried as I looked llp lessly ilto his face, with my hand upon the lock; " your yioung man must have been a very slender individual indeed to escape tileogh thie keyhole-ha, ha!" " Oh, do't laugh !" I exclaimed. "I tell you I s~nt him as plainly as I see you this moment. I know it was sOmentling unnatural." "Was it a ghost?"' Torn Saundersion asked laughingly ; "if so, lie bas broken through all ghostly traditions. I tlhought ghosts never rambled about in daylight. But coie, Annieo, getyour lhat on ;we are losing tiiie." 1 did not go on the ice that day; utterly unnllerved, I remlainled ill aunt's room,lll hoping to have an opportunity of telling her llhat I had seen, and of forcing from her the legend of the house. That nighit Lord ereragh and his young sisters-who had heard of our gay doligs and must needs join in them-- wcre to be aunt's guests. The threei young people were to bha housed for the night. Ethel and I gave upf our rooms, and packed luto aunlt's Ioumrlir for the nonce. The excitemennt of their arrival, the business of preparing. for the dance, drove away the ellects of ly terror of the morning, and, by the time iec all nasembled in the library before dinner, I was quite myself again. 1 was stanlding by the mantuelshelf talking to Ltady lester Fitzmuairice when the great double-doors of the roomi opened, and a tall, slender figure entered. 1My heart stod still. It was thile figure 1 had seen in tlhi norning. Theo suoe clear-cut, deli catels-li-buitiful features, thie sanlo air of gtacious dignity, only the dress was the simplle evening-dress of all tihe other men ill the room. I swr Lady Hester look curiously nt ile. "lDo you not knoow my brother?" lhe said. " Beeragh, thisiis siss May-- Ird. S'?o1nlertolU's niece." Th'le touch of his friendly lhal, the sound oif his pleasant voice, brought back Iy wsandering wits ; I matnaged to say s~O tiolg about the lake and tile skating, and thno we all went to dinlcr. By the time dinner w cas half over, Lonrd eeoragh and I were fast friends. " I:ll-the w:-," Ihe sail,s sinking hisvoice, " icre i:; the wonderful picture of Iy aucestor of unhallowed mtenlorry, of whichl I have heard ?" I t,,lt hii there was ia picture of aLntd leeragh inl the libtary, but thalt did not kn:ow there was; any sIecial story about it. "Oh yes," he said ; "there wna a bad I:nl aoisgyst us, iwho was suplposed to have dealingsi with thei unseen worll. I think the truth about hlim would probably be that hie na; eceetitric aid ahead of his. age. Iie built this house. , A queer erection, isn't it ? He diditforapurpose \--he wanted ? good music room. The only unaccountable tihing about him was the nlanueer of his departure from life, I cannuot say his death, for of that no one ever had certain proofs. lIe simply dis appeared, leaving his house full of guests, and oil the eve ofa great national crisis, whenI his party was lookinug to ihn for help and guidance. He wasn quite a young ma"n, :nt adtvanced Nationalist-despitchis uncanny reputation, :a nan of vast per s.oual influnce.s It seemed an Iunaccoulllt able thing thlat he should vanishl as hei did." "?rXl no eltort mnmnle to discover ay tame of his fate ?" 1 inquired. "Oh yes. lMly gtand-u:tcle, wsn diled a short title ago,iinade erery inquniry, but to no purpose. There were various sur mises. One of tie most romantic, but I am inclined to think the most probable, was that he was mixed up with some of the numecrous secret societies of Southens Europe, and thalt he fell into thie hatlds of tle Inquisition, eitherin Italy or Spain. As to his departing myIsteriously t;d leavinig his house fult of guests, I regarl that asnaltigether apocryphal. Something A like the sequel of the story which you . doubtless have heaisl." t I told hin 'eaggerly that I knew of no stare at all counected with his family. t "Is it possible you have not heard of the Plhantom Fiddler, who plays upon the grnat halcony three times a year t As this I is one of his appointed seasons, I wonder h;: has not.favoured you." Then, breathlessly, 1 told him what I ha:l heard the previous night, and what I hlil seen that monn ing, imploring himn to 1 enlii;hteu me as to the legend connected with the ioeuse. - With on altered look ulion his face, he told me,. speaking very low, so that his ienls raeached my ears alone: " This house has always had the repu tation of being haunted by an appearanco resembling Lornl Bleerag. rWhat you tell ie gives a stnigo confirmnnation to the poielar sulpertition. An accomplished musician, it was his habit to walk round that balcony outside the smusic room he had erected, practising new and strange feats upon his violin. I must tell you there was an organ in that room--how they contrived to build it there who can tell 1" But, actually, about forty years ago, I?nl lecaagh was obliged to have it t.aken down. No one would inhabit the house from, the eerie music which sounded continually from that mom. Of eouroe it was a trick. You shake your head? I am sceptical about such matters, you see ; but I will tell. you the tale as 'twas told to me. They say the windows blaze with liglht, just as they used to flare when he and his friends held high festivity in that airy room ; that, one by one, the guests depart ; ad tllhen tile spectre fiddler comes out of one particilar whidow and plays, walking round and round the balcony he loved during his life; and they say that certain penalties fellow the hearing of that uncearthly nusie. MoDIst you go? tne member the first round dance. " Has ieeraglh been taldking to you about tihe bl lord ?" L?uly Eileen asked ue as: we passed from the dliningroom to the drawingromul. "Was that the picture in tle librarry ? Do come and show it to ae ; I ]have never seenl it." We went into the great dimly-lit room. A cold sense of a presence there beyond our own two young individualities struck chill to my heart as I crossed the threshold. out Lady Eileen did not seem to feel it. Shie moved gayly through the empty room, and stood fronting the strange picture. 1"1Why, it is the image of Beeragh," she cried, "only Beeragh has not such a dreadful expression. It is a wonderful picture, certainly, but is there not some thing very odd about it ?" We stood looking at the portrait for a few moments. Then Lady Eileen clasped her hands before her face. "1Oh, come away-come away ! It is horrible-it is like a living thing !" she cried. "Did you not fancy the eyes glared at us, and the lips moved 1 Oh, do come away 1" It may only arve been an effect from the shadows cast by the flickeritng fire light, or only our overwrought girlish inmaginations, but we both saw, or fancied we saw, the eyes flash ; and the red, thin lips curve at us in a smile of deadly malice. We clutched each other, and fled. As we left the room, we were followed ly a low, moeking laugh. It was some time before either of us recovered from the effects of our fright. When Lord BeeCrah appeared, and his sister told him our strange experience, lhe needs limust hlav ie shows him the library and the mysterious picture; but seeing how 1 shrank back, terrified at the bare idea of'ioturingito tote roeont, lie did not insist upon carrying out his intention. Then we began to dance. The great room had been partially cleared of furniture, and made a capital ballroolm. We had a large gathering. Not only ourhouse-party, but every avail able young person in the county who could be induced to brave the intense frost and the slippery state of the roads, was present, miand the mirth and the dancing was fast and furious. I hadl been dancing with half the men in the room, and about midnight I wad waltzing for the thirdn or fourth time with Lord Beeragh. We had been llying round the room antd had paused for a moment's breathing-space at the door of the conser vatory. 11e was saying something--no matter what-- wlhich caused me to look op into his face. Just behind him, looking at me with cruel, mocking eyes over his shoulder, only separated from the light, and warmth, and life of the gay ballroom by the glass doort stold the mysterious figure I had seen in the uornliug: . The likeness between the two faces the earl's full of lifo, young hope, joy and manldy beauty ; the other such a glhastly travesty of it, with the livid padlor on the cheeks, the hard, cold glitter in the eyes it was horrihle ! Most horrible! I clutched Lird Beceraglh's anu. 1Ie looked down at ie with a tender smile, swhicel changed to all expression of unilnoulded surprise. " Whalt is it? Whathnasalarmed you?" he asked. I could only point, breathless, to to the dark figure, the g4astly face, the glittering eyes behinld hibd. "Do you not see ? " I gasped out. IIn turned and looked. "No," lie said. "There is nothinig to ahl?rn you s. . You are unnerved, over ltrlung. Colme with nue." lie took my hand to draw it throfigh his arm: And then his wholo visage changed, his eyes dilated, the healthy color forsook his check. " Great Hleaven ! Wat is it? Who is it " hoe cried, as he dashed open thie dlor. If .ny of tmose who weoroe present tiat, night remain nlive-and there must be anlly of thlm left, for there were 50 or if peoplle in the rooei-if thyechoose to speak they can substantiate wllhat 1 tll,for every one in thle mr?iI heard what happened, tllthiugh only LIld Becrmgh, Walter duld I saw that unearthly figure. Just. as in thie.picture- just as I had seen it in the morning. It held a violin in its lhand. We saw itraise the instrument to it shoulder. We stood spellhouild. Low and clear rung the long-drawn, delicate niltes, so low, go soft, that their sousd did not reach thie ears of thile dancing throng w-ithii. But then burst upon their startled ears a wild whirl of diabolic hariony, volleying out like flamne aimnistthem, ildroning thdi music within, checkhiig tin flying feet of the dancers curlillg their blood, with such a ciashl if devilish, unearthly melody as I hope aild pray never may reach my ears 'Thdre was a breathless pause in the dlnwingreom. Everyone stood still,too tcerrifi to move. For me I Eaw notthing bstthatawful fornl standing there amongnt the bright blossbms ; the face turned to wards us writh a look of such malignant triumph that it froze my blood ; the up raised arsm sending tile bow flying across the strings of thie instrument with such demoniac power. But I was conscious of a stronger will than icy own supporting me, helping me to bear thile terror whichl otherwiso would have crushed mce. 1 felt a finn hand clasping mine, a steadfast arm sustaining me, the warm pulsations of a brave heart beating near my own. I knew I was safe. Then t heard uncle's voice. I saw him stride into the conservatory, saw that form face hIim, glide past him, stand upright in the doorway with its cruel, fiendish smile, and eyes of lurid flame. Then it seemed to melt off into nothing. I can find no ether words to describe the manner of its disappearance, and still louder, fiercer, that weird, awful music.rang through the Uncle staggered out of the conservatory. Creat bends of perspiration stood on his brow : his features were distorted with rage. A hundred pounds to anyone who will help me to detect this trick," he shouted. The unearthly sounds ceased, and wild and shrill tllrough the room rang, as in il defiant reply, a laugh so terrible, so demo niae, that-I remelnber nm more. I was lying on mny improvised bed in aiunt's room when my senses cleared. Aunt and Laly Eileen were bending over meo; and Load Beeraglh, who lihad borne ime to thllis haven of rest, was standing at the door. I cannot tell what took place that night. I rcmemnber confused noises as of hurry ing feet tramping round the louse. I re muleuber sounds of voices high overhead, and flaring of torches everywhere. I seemed to know, in some curious, intuitive fashion, that the guests were gone, and that tile police from the neighbouring towns were sc:rehing high aud low for the perpetrators of what unclde insisted was a silly trick. Next morning, almost at daybreak, I returned with Lord Beeragh and his sisters to the castle ; 24 hours afterwards I was raging in brain fever. They said it was that awful experience which laid me low. 'or wllisiU tiy tlys I was unconseious, Aunt Alice umsingne with all a mothers tender care, and it was during mlly severe illness that Beeragh LOdge gave up its terrible secret. Yet only in part, for the dark mystery which surrounds the awful dis covery made in that fated house never can be cleared away. Lord Beraghl insisted upon the lodge being examined under his own eye. lHe said the house must be taken down if no other means of discovering the secrets it eontained could be found,, and; room by room, they did scarch it mercilessly. First, the great saloon was dismIantled and taken down with no result, then the drawingrooum was pulled to pieces, the hall, the diningroom. Last of all they came to the library. Behlind that terrible picture they found a great livid splotch upon the wall, and when the panelling was removed they found-a mounu ilied form. Those who were preset mid saw that unhulllowed tomb give up its terrible secret never for got the sight. Fewo, alas! survived it long. There stood that awful, silent witnecss to a hideous crime. They said its eyes glared at tllem that its shrivelled lips were contorted into a demoniac grin. It was attired in the full court-dress of a bygone generation, a gold-hilted rapier was at its side. At its feetlay some frag menits of variolu-colourcd woods; in its hand.lu g'a'b ketn bo?v.... "" '. There was no mark of violence, so they all said, on the corpse, only there it stood, closed up into that horrible niche, just as itl ad been shut into it eighty years before. What deed of darkness had been wrought -what foul crime perpetrated, mid for what end, never can be known. Lord Beeragh at once ordered a coffin to be prepared, and, seeing the men held back, he and Unloele Phil endeavoured to remove the ghastly relic of humanity to its final resting place, but at a touch it crumblled to a heap of dust. Such poor fragimeults as they could collect were gathered tip, and buried in Beermghl curcllyard. And now for the sad sequel of my tale. Before the year went round there was not a man left to bear tloBeeraghi title. Ah, it wns hard l it was hard ! His deep love, his ardent spirit had over-leaped all bar riers. In September Ie.was to have been his wife. I bade himn good-bye one bright iayv mtirnuing, and watched his little boat go d?ancingi over the snulit waters of the laugh. It was .an old story-a sudden sqriuall-a Iomenit's carelessness. At nightfall they Lhre him hiome. For mle, death would have been better than life. Oh, how often I have wished that thle hal lord's curse hli fallen on me, and not on hii ! But I fouad duties to fullill, and I grew not reconciled, but patient. Uncle Phil cughit what at first was only a slight cold, but it carried him oft, and then Aunt Alice and I lived unietly together until she, too, faded away, and now, a weary, lonely womans' I ami waiting, But when we meet the time will not seem long. 