A Local Ghost. Our Cradoek correspondent, writing on April 27, tells the following strange story Great excitement prevails here, as well as at (Jarrieton and other places about, on accouut of a sensational ghost story that has been going the rounds for some time. On Monday night Trooper Mitchell and two residents of this place drove down to see or hear for themselves, and the following is their account of the ghostly visitantThe scene of the wander ings of the spirit is the Boolcunda Creek, about 17 miles from here, and it appears to confine itself to the cottage of a Mr. Hamdorf, situated on the bank of the creek, about 30 yards from a large waterhole. Mr. Hamdorf and his family were away in Qaorn, having taken there a child of about 7 years of age, for whom the spirit seems to have had a par tiality, There were two boys of about 9 and 13 years of age stopping in the hut, and they seemed to take not the least notice of the dis turbance, About 9 p.m., all being quiet, the light was extinguished, and all were on the qui vive. In a few minutes a great noise was heard as of some one splashing in water or walking in water. Immediately a knocking commenced at the north-east corner of the hut. Two of the party went outside and heard the knocking as though inside, but could see nothing although they walked round the hut. Afterwards Trooper Mitchell went outside and heard the knocking just as the others had done. They thereupon asked questions and received replies by knocks, two knocks being regarded as signifying "No" and three knocks "Yes." The information obtained that way was to the effect that the nocturnal visitor was dead, and had been buried 5 feet under the ground at the north-east corner of the hut. Mr. Hamdorf, it appears, elicited the same information, and dug a hole 6 feet deep at the place mentioned but found nothing. The knocks are of much the same character as those given by any ordi naxy person knocking at a door, but on being told to knock hard the "spirit" makes every thing in the place rattle. The cottage is built of upright pines with pug between. In about an hour the knocking ceased, and the investigators turned in, but not to sleep-that being out of the question. About 2 a.m. the ghost returned and started knocking again, Mr. Mitchell went out and walked round the hut, but could see nothing although the noise was kept up. This has been going on for the last six weeks, and Mr, Ham dorf has decided to abandon the place. Many residents of Carrieton have visited the place and have heird the same noises. Two or three shots have been fired in the direction of the sound, but nothing came of them. A party of six were there the night before. There is to be a large party from here next Sunday night to visit the place. It may be mentioned that a shepherd was drowned in the waterhole some years ago. Whatever the cause of the disturbance is Trooper Mitchell is convinced that it is some thing very unnatural, and he is a man whose word is to be relied on. He intends to revisit the place next Sunday night and have another talk with the invisible being in order to try and fathom the mystery. The ghost, on being asked the distance from the hut to Cradoek, knocked 17 times on the wall. The exact dis tance is 17 miles. 