OUR NEWS SUMMARY. MONDAY. — In the last annnal report of the secretary for Mines a sugges tion was made that it would be desir able that the adoption of one uniform code of signals for all mines in Victoria should be made compulsory. It was pointed out that at the present time each mine has itB own code, and a miner or engine- driver removing from the works of one company to another has not only to learn a new code every time, but he must forget all previous ones, the result being a greater liability to make mistakes and cause accidents than if a universal code were adopted. On the two principal gold fields of the colony several differing codes are in nse, and it has been decided to hold a conference of represen tatives of the mining associations of the oolony at Baliarat on an early date, to reconcile these differences, and to draw up a code which will be workable for all classes of mining The names of the delegates are as follow: — Mine Owners' Association, Messrs. Henry Gore, M.L.O., and T. H. M'Gowan, J.P ; Mining Managers' Associa tion, Messrs. W. Baton and VV, Wilson ; Amalgamated Miners' Association, Messrs. M. Scapleton and J. M'Kenz'e ; Mining Eoginedrivers' Association, Messrs. W, Emery and T. Mitchell ; Inspectors of Mines, Messrs. H. B. Nicholas and E. R. Merkison, C. Stewart, and W. H. Grainger ; Mr. H. B. Nicholas, senior inspector of mines, to be chair man of the conference. SAILOR CRIMPING AT POBT MELBOURNE. The Bbip Loch Sbiel, in oommand of Captain 1 Radford, bound for London with a fall general cargo, experienced the old nuisance of the boardinghouse-keepers and the sailors. Captain Radford, expecting to get away on on the 15th inst., shipped a crew of thirteen men, giving them advance notes of £5. The men had, however, been got at by the boardinghouse-keepers and other land sharks, who between them got all the ad- vauoe money. The sailors, when called noon to do duty, refused. Captain Radford after vainly endeavouring with the help of Mr. Mansfield, secretary to the Seamen's Uoion, to adjust the difficulty, decided to bridge it by engaging fresh men. This was at once done, and the ship put to sea on Saturday morniog The advance notes given by the captain are, of course, cancelled. They are not negotiable until tbe vessel is outside the Heads. There is nothing unusual in this as it has been alleged it is rather an every day occurrence, and efforts to stop the evil have proved of no avail. A PRISONER IN DESPAIR. Cornelius Johnson was arrested in Sydney on the 15 jh iust , on a charge of em bezzlement. A friend called to see him in the afternoon. A constable then opened a trap-door of ths cell where he was confined, when he was surprised to see au immense volume of smoke issuing from tbe place. The prisoner was discovered lying on the floor of the cell quire stiff, and apparently dead. Means were taken to restore anima tion, which eventually were successful, and the would-ba suicide waB conveyed to the hospital. It appeara he first attempted to bang himself by a line, which he made out of bis handkerchief. He out the handkerchief in shreds, tied tbe pieces together," placing a loop round his neck and another at the opposite extremity, into which he placed his foot. He then, by dragging at the line and straining his neck, endeavoured to accomplish his purpose. He fouud, however, he could not succeed in this, then obtained a match, with which be lighted the matting on the floor of his cell. This time the would- be suicide was more successful, and had almost effected his purpose when he was discovered. DEATH THROUGH ALCOHOLISM. At 8 o'clock on Saturday night, Constable Tucker, who was on duty m Bourke street, found a man leaning against a wall near Messrs. Boyle and Scott's premises. The man, who was evidently in » bad state, was con veyed to the Melbourne Hopital. where be was admitted. He gave the name of George Smith, and his age aa forty two years. Is was dis covered that he was suffering from alcoholism, and within a half an houc after his admission be died in the casualty-room. Little is known of the antecedents of the deceased, who is described m being 5ft. 8m. iH height, of medium build, dark complexion, with wtm»kers and moustache. He was dressed in light tweed- m his pockets were found a penny, a bunch ot keys, three pawn-tickets, and some papers. TUESDAY.— An important mining de cision was given yesterday by Mr. Justice Webb, in a special case from tbe Court of Mines at Omeo. Hunter wd JwtaM h»d bronjtht <"">£'nc obtain the forfeiture of the olatm of P. F. M'Nnlty, In tbe Dry Gully, Omen, for non- working. I was contended that M Nutty had complied with the bye-laws, but if not, that ha had redeemed the forfeiture by subs sequent working, and by the obtaining a suspension certificate on the ground of -ant of machinery to crash. Mr. Justice Webb held that a forfeiture bad been incurred under bve-law 12 if the claim was not continuously worked by two men, that such forfeiture could be redeemed under bye-law 45 (the validity of which could pot be questioned) by subsequent working, but not by the mere obtaining of a suspension certificate. He decided that the Mason given, "want of machinery to ornsh," which was shown to refer to the stoppage of at public battery, was not a sufficient reason for the issue of the oertifioate, as " machinery " meant machinery connected with the claim. He, however, found in the evidence that there was a supplying of Hnnter with money for the complaint by a person who was to have an interest in the claim if the complainant were successful, and that therefore the complaint should be dis missed, He left eaoh party to abide their own costs. DISTRIBUTION OF THE BULLI FUND. At a meeting of the executive committee of the Bnlii Disaster Relief Fund a Bub-committee brought up a report for the distribution of funds, recommending the provision of annuities of L30 eaoh for widows and L10 for eaoh child until it reaohes the age of fifteen years, and other and dependent annuities of L10 to L30 eaoh, FATAL ACCIDENT AT DRYSDALB. Avery sad accident happened at Dryedale on Saturday afternoon at the new Wes- leyan Church building. The bricklayers had finished tbe end wall of tbe church and that also of tbe vestries, an « tbe cart penters were inside the building preparing tbe principals for erection, when, sud denly, both walls fell in upon the poor fellows, killing one and seriously injuring two more. The name of the carpenter killed was Percival White, who had intended going away by tbe 5 o'clock train to -68 his wife and children. | Those injured were William Eilby, labourer, and George WiDgtone, carpenter. The acci dent is very sad, and has cast quite a gloom over the township. The injuries sustained by Eilby and Winstone are severe, but it is not known how serious. BICH GOLD DISOOVEBT. Considerable excitement prevailed, Monday, at Tarnagulia through a very rich reef having been discovered on the S wan Hill road, near Newbridge, on the Loddon River, by Irvine Brothers. A tin-dish of specimens was on view at Messrs. D. J. Doggan and Co 'a office. They presented a splendid spectacle, being richly studded with gold. Some of the stone was literally hanging toge ber with gold. Tbe reef is a well defined one 18in. wide, and the gold was got 3ft. down. On Saturday pros' pects as high as 5dwr. to the dish were ob tained. The locality is on the opposite bank of the river to the Eloisford Estate recently sold to Mr. Ware Copeland, who intends working it for alluvial deposits. RAILWAY TENDERS. The Railway Commissioners on Monday ac cepted i he following tenders Erection of station buildings at Yarrawouga, Crooke and Lewis, LI, 685 6s. 71. ; erection ot verandah aud shelter shed at Middle Brighton station, A. RiDgbolme aud Co., L38L 8s. 7d,; supply of five tons best block tin, in 141b. ingots, Morris, Roberts, and Meeks, L103 18s. lid. per ton ; erection of turntable At Noradjuha Btation, on the Horsham and Natimuk line, Carrol Brothers, L190. IN SEARCHING FOR A GHOST DISCOVERING A MURDER. Human bones were fouud by tbe police near Penritb, N.S W. , whilst searching for a reported ghost. It appears that a foul detd has been com mitted, and that the guilty one first attempted to bury his victim, but, not having proper t iols, he tried cremation. A hole, started for the grave, was found near the remains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported to have been seen. THE INSOLVENCY OF JULES JOUBERT. Jnles Joubert, of the Alexandra Theatre, Stephen street, theatrical agent, whose estate was compulsorily sequestrated on tbe 14cb July, filed his schedule on Monday. He gives as the cause of his insolvency pressure of creditors and the recovery of a judgment for L535 by Ciauscm and Foley. The debts amount to L34.602 0s. 8f. (unsecured creditors L12,869, secured L21.732). The assets ntB — Real property, L36,000 ; personalty, L180; a total of L36,180, which leaves a surplus of LI, 577 19s. 4d. The secured creditors are the Victoria BuildiDg Society (L16,989 2. 6i , for loans for the Alexandra - buildings) and the Meroantile Finance and Guarantee Company Limited (L4,743, for payments made on account of the building and for a guarantee to the society) The security given to both was a mortgage over the leasehold of the land on which tbe Alexandra Theatre was erected. The largest unsecured credilrrs ar-< Smith and Upton, c-mtrac ore, L6,869 ; N. Bar net, architect, L311 ; Clauscen and Foley, upholsterers, L541. Also, for money lent — A, C. Garrick, merchant, Sydney, L255; R. S. Walpole, Melbourne, L250; N. Joubert, Sydney, L150; Mrs. J, Joubert, L4.297. The debts due to insolvent are set down as nil. The real property is land in Exhibition street, on which is erected the Alexandra Theatre and a number of shops, etc. The lease of tbia is for thirty years at a rent of L400 per annum for seven years, and afterwards L500 per annum This the insolvent values at L36.000, and it is mortgaged as above stated. Mr. S. H. Cohen is assignee of the estate. A BEER LOVER'S RUSE. Thomaa M'Lauzhiio. a voung but degraded looking man, was examined on tbe criminal side of the City C »urt on Monday, before Mr. Call, P. M., on a charge of frequenting a public place with indent to commit, a felony. He is a lover of colonial beer, and bad been guilty of a singular and contemptible ruse to satisfy his craving for the liquor. Ou Satur day evening _ Mr. Cross, an employe at M'Cracken's City Brewery, had his attention attracted by an unusual noise at one ot tbe side windows of the brewerv, aud found the prisoner in an uucomfortable posi tion, with one end of a remnant of an old indiarubbBr garden hose in bis month, the other end of the hose being through the open window, and inserted in the hung-hole of an adjacent hogshead of beer. Upon seeing he was detected, M'Laugblin tried to get away, but was detained, and tbe hose was found to be wet with beer, of which he had evidently succeeded in "sucking" a considerable quantity, Mr. Cross said that some little time since several gallons of beer had been missed out of this particular bogs- head. The prisoner said be had been asked to go down the right of- way into which the window opens by "another man." The Chairman of the Bench asked why the window was not shut or a grating plaoed in front of it, but was informed it was left open for tbe purpose of ventilation. The prisoner was sent to gael for three days. SUICIDE AT E98END0N. Early Monday morning the body of a man, about thirty years of age, was found lying on its back in a cully in tbe old water reserve at Essendon. The decea-ed had apparently shot himself through the bead with a five- chambered ''bulldog" revolver, which was firmly grasped io his right hand. Two of the ohatnbt-ra had been discharged, and tbe other three were loaded with ball cartridges The | bullet wound was just above the right ear, and must have caused instantaneous death. The deceased had a blue blanket thrown over a bis feet, and a bottle half full -of braody lying by his aide. A memorandum, dated 14th June, from Mrs. Riley's registry office, Queen street, in which was written— "J. Healy agreed to serve a Mr. Anderson as a generally useful man at 15s. a week" — was found in his pocket. The deceased, who was dressed as a labourer, and is supposed to have been a stranger in tbe district, was last seen alive near the Essendon brick works, with three other men, on Satur day. The remains were removed by Con stable Afihton to tbe Lincolnshire Arms hotel, DUBIOUS DISCOVERY OF GOLD WATCHES. Hubert John Hawkeswortb, a boy, was in the lane running off Little Collins street, along the rear of J. M'Ewan and Oo.'s warehouse, about 9 o'clock Monday morning, waiting for j his mother, when he found a small case con taining four gold Geneva watches oonoealed in a dust- box in tbe lane. The watches were per fectly new, and the boy, astonished at his find, brought them to his mother, who took them to the West Melbourne police station, which is near her home. Sergeant Lyhane, remember ing the extensive robbery of jewellery which was committed at the shop of Mr. Tymms, Elizabeth street, near M'Ewan and Co.'s, some weeks ago surmised the watches were some of the proceeds of that robbery, and sent a constable to Mr. Tymms with the watches, but Mr. Tymms declared they were not his. It is therefore at present a mystery where they came from. Sergeant Lyhane retains possession of them, pending the arrival of a olaimant. WEDNESDAY. — An important resolu tion, proposed by Dr. Hearn was passed by the Legislative Council laBb night, appointing a select oommittee to consider and report npon the best means of obtaining a codification of the laws in force in this colony. Mr. Cuthbert, the Minister of Justice, warmly supported the resolution, and paid a well- earn8d tribute to the splendid efforts of Dr. Hearn to brieg about the end he desired. He spoke of the great advantage a codification of the lawB would oe to the legal profession and the public generally, and expressed the hope that the effort would be crowned with every suocesB. FUND FOR THE NEW CEMETERY AT FRANKSTON. The Minister of Lands has now under his consideration the request of the trustees of the new general cemetery for a money grant. A piece of land, three miles long by two mileB broad, has been set apart for a cemetery at Frankston. Trustees have been appointed, but they have no fnnds to fence or lay out their trust property. The cemetery vote on the estimates is £1,000, and ont of that no amount could be spared at all adequate for the occa sion. The trustees of the Melbourne Cemetery have about £20,000 in hand, but the Frankston authorities have no claims on this surplus. Mr. Dow is now considering whether he will a?k the Treasurer to place a special vote on tbe estimates. ACTION AGAINST THE RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS. According to a verdict given iu tbe Supreme C jurt on Tuesday, the Victorian Railways Commissioners have to pay £2,875 damages to Michael Hoban, a drover, for injuries be received by being run over by a train at a level eroBsiog near Glenrowan. ; He was driving a large mob of cattle on the 3rd Deoember, 1886. The gatekeeper opened the gate and let the mob in. Hoban went in to keep them going, when suddenly a special train dashed round the corner, and it was upon him before he could get away. It killed Hoban's horse, broke his left leg iu several places, and also killed twenty-five cattle, SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT, In the SA. Assembly on Tuesday, the Pay ment of Members Bill was read a third time and was passed, after a further protest from Mr. G. W. Hawker. The Commissioner of Lands moved the second reading of tbe Chaff eye Irrigation Bill. Mr. Glynn, who is a strong land nationalist, spoke for nearly two hoars against the measure, urging that the navigation of ths Murray would be interfered with, and if not, it would be far more profit able for the Government to carry out the undertaking. The debate was adjourned. FRIDAY. — Mr. Ford, to whom the working drawings of the Falls Bridge were entrusted, ie to retire from the Public Servioe. Complaint was made that Mr. Ford, by delaying the preparation of tbe drawings for five years, unneoessarily prevented tbe progress of a great work of vas importance to thousands of people on the soath side ot the Yarra who had invested their money in the belief, on tbe faith of Government promises, that the Falls Bridge wuld have been con' struoted long ago. Mr. Ford replied that the delay was to be attributed to the authorities whose duty it was to remove the reef in the river. This was denied by the Inspector General of Public Works, and Mr. Ford has been asked to retire. Ic is expected that to day he will assent to the arrangement of a commutation of his perfsicn to be proposed by the Government, and his office will be abolished. PROPOSAL TO EXPEDITE THE DELIVERY OF LETTERS. The Postmaster-General has recently re ceived many complaints of the delay caused in the delivery oi letters in tbe To»rak district by the letter-carriers. The inspector of letter- carriers' walks was instructed to inquire into the matter, and has reported to Mr. Derbam that under existing arrangements tbe delivery could not be expedited. The inspector suggests as a remedy that the public should provide letter-boxes at their garden gates, or in their house-doors, for the receipt of letters. At present carriers have to proceed up long avenue to reach some of the homes, and when they have to walk up four or five long paths in about a couple oi hundred yards the delay is very great. THE ENGINE- DRIVERS' GRIEVANCE. The engine-drivers, or rather their repre sentatives, saw Mr. Speight and his col leagues on Thursday. There were fourteen of them, the three commissioners, and Mr. AltiBon Smith ; and tbe party thus formed talked from half-past 2 o'clock until twenty minutes to 6, with tbe result that every body went away more or less satisfied. This was solely due to the' tact displayed by the ohairman. Had anyone else been in tbe position, the conversation would have been proceeding still. The commissioners treated the business as of he most serious nature; they inquired carefully into every point of detail, took copious notes of all grievances, settled some, aud deferred others for consideration, A list of oases of alleged hard treatment were given in, and full inquiry into them was promised. Mr. Allison Smith withdrew the insinuation he bad made, that the agitation had been brought about by the president of the association, owing to personal grievances, and explained away a statement attributed to him to the effect j that drunkenness was a feature in tbe character ! of engine-drivers. He rxplained- it so far that I an admission was drawn from him that he had never met a body of men more sober. Mr. Speight promised that in all offences in the future men should bs supplied wi h the papers relating to them before punishment was inflioted, and that certificates might be retained when a driver was reduced. Then the chairman promised to put his replies in writing, and then Baid "good night" to tbe deputation, the members of whioh beamed with gratification. CHINESE LABOUR. The 11 Speotator and Methodist Chronicle" remarks According to 1 Tbe Daily Tele graph,' in 1870 there were 180 cabinetmakers in Victoria, while to-day fcha number is 92. During the same period the number of Chine e makers of furniture has risen from 20 te 450 1 From an industrial point of view this unhappy process is intolerable ; but the moral aspects of tbe question are sadder still. Cheaply fed, scantily da, housed like swine, and without the refining influence or financial responsibility of family tieB, the Chinese, alike from an industrial and moral point of view, form a distinct Bouroe of peril to the prosperity and purity of our national life. The Chinese who are already here mast receive fair play, but we must also protect ourselves as a nation from further disastrous influx. Sani tary regulations must be enforoed, and, if necessary, a heavier poll-tax or annual licence imposed. THE WILL OF THE LATE MR, B. CHAMPION. The will of the late Mr. Benjamin Champion, licensee of the Queen's Arms, Swanston street, was proved yesterday at £22 480. Probate was granted to his wife and hi son Charles. The testator died on 23rd June last, having made bis will only the day be'ore. He bequeaths to his eldest son, Mr. H. V. Champion, £500 only, stating that this was sufficient, as he had provided him with a professional education. He leaves all tbe rest to hiB trustees to pay to his wife the income during her life. After her death it is to be divided amongst his children (excepting his eldest son). He gives his trustees power to continue the hotel business. SHOCKING SUICIDE. A most determined suicide was oommitted, Wednesday, at Asc->t, about seven miles from Clunks, on tbe main Baliarat road, by a man named Charles Gilford, hotel and store keeper of Numurkab, who waB on a visit to Mr. F O. Oriohton, of the Asoot hotel. From the meagre particulars to hand, it is gathered that Gilford left the hotel shortly after partaking of breakfast for a walk, as was his custom since he arrived on the 7tih inBt. His absence ex tending over the night, fears were entertained for his safety, and tbe police having been informed of tbe circumstance, a search was icstituted oa Thursday, resulting in the body being found in a paddock about half a mile from the hotel, with tbe skull completely blown away, A six- chambered revolver was found lying on the gronnd alongside the body. Tbe appear ances indicated that tbe deceased must have deliberately placed the pistol to his mouth and fired. What led tbe uofortunave man to c 'mm it the rash act is not known Deceased wa« formerly in business at Ascot, and removed to Numnrkih about twelve years ago, at which place he has carried on a large hotel, a butcher jug and general storekeeping business com bined. He was a married man, and leaves a family of four children. 