THE MAGAZINES. In the " English Illustrated Magazine " for February, Mr. James Sime has an article on K Robert Bnrns," about as difficult a subject to write originally upon as any to be fouud. It cau hardly be said that Mr. Sime has got over this difficulty. On the other hand, the article is accompanied by souie very interesting illus trations of the land of the poet from drawings by Mr. Hediey Fitton. The story of "Jacquetta," by the author of " Mebalah," is continued, aud Mrs. Craik gives the second part of an account of her . journey in Ireland, under the title of "An Unknown Country, with illustrations by Mr. F. Noel Paton. Mr. Hugh Thomson has a fiue series of illustrations illustrating a descrip tion of " Morning in London," by the poet Gay, the engravings being its full of the life and character of the period as Tnackeray's "Esmond." Mr. Swinburne contributes "A Ballad of Bath," which admirably touches un the period of quiescence and repose which has followed on that of the glories and excitements of Bath in snch lines as City lulled usleen by the chime of passing years, Sweeter smiles thy rest ibau the rudiuuue round thy peers. Mr, Farjeon's story of "A Secret Inheritance" is advanced another stage. The first paper in "Macmillan's Magazine" is by Dean Church, and is devoted to the elucida tion of Browning's magnum opus of mystery and obscurity, " Sordello." But after loving and painstaking analysis has done its utmost, Dean Church has to confess to the existence of - "a terrible and inexcusable obscurity of language, allusion and uodisen- taugled thought" in the poem. This will hardly he comfortiug to thoroughgoing Browningites, and most other readers we fear have given up this particular poem. But at anyrate Dean Church's article must be received as a fine bit of sympathetic criticism. Mr. Anstey, the author of" Vice Versa," has a story, in bis characteristic vein of drollery, entitled "Mr. Pulvertoft's Equestrian Experiences," hut we must confess that we do not care for this form of humor. Neither can we admire the commonplace and nnoriginal ghost story told by " George Fleming," under the title of "The Strange Story of Margaret Beau- champ," which is not worthy the author of "A Nile Novel" and "Mirage." Mr. Hardy continues his charming rustic novel, "The "Woodlanders." # There is a paper on " Van Dyck, the Historian," an amusing paper on the political situation entitled " Ching-Ki-Fu and the Crisis," in which the position is put in a curious sidelight by being viewed from the standpoint of a Chinese student of English politics, and an article on "The Evangelical Revival of the Eighteenth Century." 