THE MASKE OF FLOWERS. ' A most novel and interesting sight was witnessed in the .Hall of Gray's Inn, London, when, under the treasurership of his Royal Highness the Duke of Con- naught, the Honourable Society of Gray's Inn celebrated her Majesty's Jubilee by reviving "The Maske of Flowers," as played at the Court of Whitehall before James I, on Twelfth Night, 1613-14. The manuscrinb of the nlav. left in possession of the Benchers of Gray's Inn, enabled Mr. Arthur A' Beckett, Master of the Revels, to copy the original in almost every detail, The dresses, singing, music, and dancing were accordingly an exact imitation of the play as performed more than two centuries and a half ago. The result was a signal success, and the minuet dancing, particularly, was received with rapturous applause. The Duke and Duchess of Counaught and the Duke and Duchess of Teck were present. The principal parts were taken by Mr. A'Beckett, Lady Codogau, and Mr. Lewis Coward. Gray's Inn has a past of which it is rightly proud. Its history dates from a period whereof it may be said that " the memory of man runneth not to the con trary," for there is no record of - its foundation as an Inn of Court, although it undoubtedly existed in that character as far back as the early part of the 14th century. Bacon, when Solicitor- General, dedicated his " Arguments of Law," to his "loving friends and fellows, the Readers, Ancients, Utter Barristers, and Students of Graies Inn. Among other eminent, members were Thomas. Cromwell,, the great Minister of Henry "VIII ; Biirleigh'the wise counsellor of Elizabeth ; Holt, the Chief Justice; Sir Samuel Romilly, the law reformer; Camden, the antiquary : Rymer, whose " Fee iera" has such a wide reputation ; Sir Philip Sidney, Sir William Dugdale, and many more. Mr. W. R. Douthwaite, the librarian and historian of the Inn, states that Bacon not only took great interest in superintending the festivities iu hall, but also assisted in the composition of some of the " Triumphs" which were then . re presented. The philosopher, in his essay on " Masques and Triumphs," writes— " These things are but toys to come among such serious observations ; but yet, since princes will have such things, it is better they should be graced with elegancy than daubed with cost." Hall describes in his " Chronicle" an entertain ment which took place . at Gray's Inn in 1525. The author of the " dis guising" was John Roo, sergeant-at- law. It seems that " the play was so set forth with rich and costly apparel and with strange devices of masks and morrishes, that it was highly praised of all men, saving of the Cardinal, which imagined that the. play had been devised of him. In a great fury he sent for the said . Master Roo, and took from him his coif, and sent him to the fleet ; and after he sent for the young gentlemen that played in the play,, and then highly, re buked .and threatened, and sent one of them called Thomas Mayle, of Kent, to the Fleet, but, by the meaus of friends, Master Roo and he were delivered , at last." The " Jocasta" of Euripides was translated into blank verse by George Gascoigne and Frances Kinwelmersh, students of the Inn, and acted, in 156G, in vilich year was also performed "The fuppcsep," translated by Gascoigne from Aricsto. On the 58th February, 1587-8, eight members of the society were en gaged in the production of "The Mis- foi tunes of Arthur" for the entertain ment of Queen Elizabeth at Greenwich. In 1594 Shakespear's " C< medy of Errors" was played. Mr. Halliwell-Phillips, in hiB " Outlines of the Life of Shakespeare," speaks of Grey's Inn-ball as one of the only two buildings now remaining in London in which any of the plays of the great dramatist were performed in his own time. The revels of the same year are described in the "Gesta Grayorum, or the History of the High and Mighty, Prince Henry, Prince of Purpoole, Arch duke of Stapulia and Bernardo, Duke of High and Nether Holborn, Marquis of St.' Giles and Tottenham. Count Palatine of Blcomsbury and Clerkenwell, Great Lord of the Cantons of Islington, Kentish- town, Paddington, and Knightbridge, Knight of the most heroical order of the Helmet, and Sovereign of the Eome, who reigned and died A.D. 1594." At Shroves- tide the Prince and bis company enter tained the Queen at Greenwich, and after the performance, her Majesty " willed to Lord Chamberlain that the gentlemen should be invited on the next day, and that be should present them unto her, which was done, and her Majesty gave them her hand to kiss, with most gracious words of commendation to them, particu larly and in general of Gray's Inn, as a house that she was much beholden unto, for that it did always study for Borne sports to present unto her." It iB a tra dition of the Inn that Elizabeth showed her affection for the society by presenting the oak screen and some of the oak din ing tables which are still in use. One of the most cherished customs is to drink on Grand Day to the " glorious, pious, and immortal memory of the good Queen Bess." The Maske of Flowers, which was re suscitated in honour of her Majesty's Jubilee, was in 1613-14 " pre sented by the gentlemen of Graies Inn at the court of "Whitehall, in the Banquett- ing-house, upon Twelfe Night, being the last of the solemnities and magnificences which where performed at the marriage of the Eight Hon. the Earle of Somerset and the Lady Frances, daughter of the Earl of SufFolke, Lord Chamlaine." On Candlemas Day, 1633-34, a splendid masque was preformed by gentlemen of the four Inns of Court before Charles I, at Whitehall. It was entitled "The Triumph of Peace," and was intended as a protest against Prynne's " Aistriomas- tix." Narcisses Luttrell, in this diary, under the date February, 1682-82, says : Sir Kicbard Gipps, master of the revells at'Graies Inn, attended with his revellers and comptrollers, went to Whitehall the 23rd of the last month in one of her Majesties coaches, with several noble- mens' coaches and six horses, to invite the King and Queen the Duke and Dutch- esse, and the rest of the Court to a mask at GraieB Inn, the 2nd inst, being Candle mas Day, and accordingly there was great preparation that day, diverse of the nobility and gentry in masks, who danced in the hall, and afterwards were enter tained with a splendid banquet. Masques continued to be held until about the middle of the 18th century. The MaBke of Flowers, by a few altera tions, has been rendered as appropriate to the celebration of her Majesty's Jubilee bb if it had been written in honour of that occasion in 1887 instead of in 1613. This work was undertaken and skilfully carried out by Mr. Arthur William A'Beckett, who edited the maske and modernized it, and.its production was under his superin tendence. Appointments In the Public Schools. — We are informed that we were in error in attributing to Miss O'Byrne the teaching of her class in the Mittagong Public School some years ago, the papal fable of an imprint of Christ's face coming off on the handkerchief of St. Veronica. This was not done by Miss O'Byrne, but by another Roman Catholic teacher, in Bathurst. However, Miss O'Byrne was accused of separating the Protestant from the Roman Catholic children in the play ground; and she herself remarked that as only Roman Catholic children had obtained prizes! she would give a special prize so that a protestant might have one. This was truly generous; but it caused remark that the small minority of Roman Catholic children should carry off all the prizes from the multitude of protestant children. It certainly was remarkable, to say the least of it. ( Libel Action against tbe Times." — The solicitors for the Times (says a heme paper) have accepted service of the writ for libel in the action brought against that paper by Mr. F. H. O'Donnell, ex M.P. It is expected that the Times will now have an opportunity of proving in court the charges it baB levelled against the PaTnellites, and some astounding revelations are expected. Intimaticn has been given to Mr. T. P. O'Conncr, M.P. that he will be required by the plaintiff as a witness, and the prodnction of the hocks of the National League will also be d( mended. CcunBel for the Times will have a wide scope in the cress-examination of tbe plaintiff's witnesses, and the subject of "Paineilifm and Crime" will be fully brought before the court. Apparitions. — Popish religious hooks are lull of ludicrouB legends. Most of all these wonderful thingB happen in far off lands, where not one in five thousand would be able to go to investigate their truth. These books are purchased in great numbers by papists here, so much so, that we had great difficulty to purchase "A nun sanctified by her estate" one of the most stupid and dis gusting of the many fables sold by popish booksellers. "We have now in this colony the opportunity of relating a similar story, to tbe many told in these books. Penrith has lately had its ghost, but this ghost is nothing to the wonderful apparition seen by no leEB.a personage than tbe wife of a very well- known Penrith alderman, who is a most devout papist. The story told to us runs thus : — The aldeiman's wife was one day on a visit to her grandfather, in one of the roomB of whose house there was a large statute of the Virgin Mary. "While she was at devotions it bowed to her, no less than three times. Upon her grandfather's death Bhe tried very hard to get this miraculous statue ; but an aunt was more successful, and not all the gold of Mount Morgan could now purchase it. Upon another occasion the alderman'B wife W8B sitting on tbe verandah of her nice home, alone. She was lamenting the fact of her having no children to leave behind to bear the illustrious namo of their father. Suddenly a voice frcm heaven was heard, saying "Never mind, God will not forget your gocdneBB to all the young children in this neighbourhood, in teaching them to love him." Penrith wilt from being a quiet country towD, most surely now become famous. We may expect ere lorrg to read in the European cablegrams that a large pilgrimage of devout papists have Boiled for Penrilli to do homage to the wonderful genuflecting Madonna statue, and to kneel on the sacred verandah. Hanlan's visit, and ex-member of Parliament, T. R. Smith's distinguished visitors fade into insigni ficance besides these famous apparitions. Tho Protestant Standard deserves a reward from Cardinal Moran for being tho first medium to give publicity to the story of this miraculous image which will be a source of revenue to tho Roman Catholic church, and a great stimulus to popish pious hysteria. We have long been jealous of the magio lantern apparitions at Knock, the weeping statues, and winking pictures, which have caused such sensation in older countries, where Roman Catholicism is rampant. We thought that probably the well known wholesome proper ties of the Australian gum tree, disinfected tbe Australian atmosphere of these things, or that possibly in a young matter .of fact country, therewasnothing congenial to appari tions or miraculous phenomena ; and we were very much hurt that Australia should be denied the benefit, profit, and amusement of these wonders. However we rejoice that we are beginning to get up as good mock miracles here as anywhere. Lately we have reported tho case in Tamworth where a bullet fired within a few feet of a man flattened against the scapular he wore on his breast. At Penrith we now have a bowing atone image of the BleEsed Mary ; and we also have Mr. Cyril Haviland, the spiritualist, gravely announcing in the daily press that spirits carried great stoneB into a dark seance of spiritualists, held with closed doors ; and also announcing that he photographs spirits. Mr. Haviland has been challenged to prove these wonders, but without avail. We should rejoice that miracles are now being got up in Australia for they ought to bring population, and wealth and handsome offerings into the country. What though it is hard to Bee what good can come of carrying Btoncs into a room, or of having a stone image bowing ; and though Cardinal Moran, leader of tho Roman Church, disbelieves and denounces spiritualism and its miracles, and though Mr. Cyril Haviland, champion of the spiritnalists, equally dis believes tbe Roman Church absurdities ; of course the general body of the people who are neither Romanists nor spiritualists will be lieve (?) the absurd miracles of both sideB, and will "wateh with interest tho attempts of the spiritualistic body and the Roman Catho lic Church, to outrival each other at miracle mongering. These two bodies are fast wiping out the reproach that Australia has suffered under so long, that it had no miraculous religious phenomena to shew. Religious Strife Introduced intO_ Sport. — One of the pleasantest thing in relation to sports has been the entire absence of any sectarian feeling or animosity. ProtestantB and Romanists, and men of all other shades of opinion played together and Orangemen heartily cheered PapistB, and Papists Orangemen, without any thought of any antagonistic sectarian feeling entering their heads. In the football field this has been especially noticeable, men of all denominations played together, raced, pushed, and pulled each other dowD, and there was no rancour hut all good fellowship. However the Reman Church, in its policy of isolating its people from their neighbours (the heretics), looked with an evil eye upon tbe good fellowship and mutual respect engendered by manly sports of this kind ; for after Roman CatholicB had played for several seasons with a team largely composed of Protestants they began to have a strong feel ing of comradeship for the members of the team that always struggled together for victory ; and the knocking against Protest ants perpetually, knocked the sharpest papist edges eff them. There waB mutual good feeling, and the R.O. authorities found that the faithful became less unreasoningly obedient, were inclined to resent an insult even from a priest, (hoiror ), and could not readily be persuaded that their Protestant comrades who bad been leal and true to them, and bad fought many a hard game with tbem, and had won their respect, must he damned. They could not join heartily in the curseB on heretics, and began to think for themselves that there must be something wrong abont the teaching of their cbnrch in this matter. They could not easily be per suaded that there was not any obligation to keep faith with " heretics " who had proved themselves loyal and true to them ; and the papacy hating these signs of emancipation of thought, sought means to prevent this com radeship in sport, which often continued in after life, despite all its efforts to destroy it. During this season the Sydney University 1st and 2nd fifteens have been uniformly success ful against all comers in the manly game of football, played according to the Rugby Union rules, which are those played in England. For many seasons the University teams have been very formidable opponents in the foot ball fieid, and for many years tbore have been one or two or three Roman Catholics in the team. With the evident object of putting a stop to this there has been inaugurated at St. John's College, which Is the Roman Catholic College affiliated to the University, another football team playing under different rules from their University comrades, viz., the Australasian rules, which are quite different. St. John's College, as we have said, is the R.O. College, and it always has a high priest for rector or warden, and the Roman Church has supreme power within its walls. The new football team then is composed of Roman Catholics, is really the offspring of that intolerant Church's animosity to all other religious denominations, which nave recoiled from her apoBtacy, and refuse to acknowledge the authority Bhe blasphemously claims. If there needed anything else to shew where tlie " hidden spring " of the movement for the now football clnb lies, it may be found in tlie circumstance that the first match the football club played was with St. Ignatius' College, tlie Jesuits' school at Riverview. Of this Jesuit's College it is reported that the boys are not allowed to play matches with King's School, Porromatta, which haB a certain connection with the Church of England, and of which the principal is a Church of Eng land clergyman ; neither are they allowed to play matches with Newington College, for that is connected with the Wealeyan Church, and the Roman authorities fear that playing and associating with the Protestant scholars might prevent that feeling of hated to their Pro testant compatriots that she wishes to foster in her youth. The Church of Rome then has now attempted to introduce sectarianism even into sports. She cannot prevent her faithful, when boys and young men, from playing the games that the youth of other denominations do, for the temptation to play would be too great for the authority of tho Church over careless youths. Not being able to do this she now endeavours to get them together to compose a team of their own, all of the same religion. The Church of Rome has introduced the element of religiouB strife into the sports from which it has hitherto happily been absent, and the unpleasantnesses .that may result must rest on her head. Football is a rough game aheady, and a dangerous one, and is one that ne cessitates great command of temper lest it degenerate from a game into a fight ; and if two teams meet animated not by friendly rivalry, but by religious rancour, and cheered on by rival parties of Papists and Protestants, the consequences to life and limb would probably be awful and the authorities would have to proclaim football illegal. We imagine that a match between teams of North of Ireland Orangemen, embittered by Papist boycotting and persecution, and a team of fanatical Papal home rulers from the south and west of Ireland would result in bloodshed, and tbe excited supporters of each party would probably join in the fray. Yet this sort of sectarian animosity iB the thing that the Papal church is endeavouring to foster. We hope all lovers of manly sport will collec tively and individually do their utmost to prevent this evil. There is another aspect of this new movement which we may as woll point ont. That is that the Roman Church is subject to a foreign prince or pope, and is necessarily disloyal to a Protestant (heretic) throne. Her standard writers, her bulls, and rules are very plain on this point, and also she strongly condemns the right of any peo ple to freedom of government or of worship in what form they choose. She hates and donounceB_ the rights and liberties that our race cherishes bo dearly. Therefore the Church of Rome, whether in Ireland or Australia is always to he found joining with secularistic anarchists, socialiBtB and com munists in every movement for the disintegra tion of the empire. We have seen Sir Patrick Jennings, her obedient slave, falsely telling the Pall Mall Gazette that New South Wales iB almost unanimously in favour of Home Rule for Ireland. We have seen him against the wish of almost the whole of Australia, ex cepting the "faithful," favour tbe annexation of the New Hebrides by the French, whereby the J esuits hoped tOj,destroy the Protestant mission there and its effect. So always and everywhere the great body of Roman Catholics (of course there are exceptions) will he found in favour of any movement which would tend to the injury of our Pro testant Mother Country. Now one of the tieB which: keeps up the affeotion between the Mother country and its colonies, is this one of each having the same sports, and thenatives of each perpetually competing in friendly rivalry with one another. If the game of football played here, be that played in the United Kingdom international matches will result and the tieB of affection be strengthened. Bnt there has been invented in Victoria another game of football which is not played in Great Britain, and eo international matches with their strengthening of affection cannot take place. This game therefore the Church of Rome promotes in Ub schools and colleges, in preference to the time-honoured English, game ; notjbecause it is intrinsically better, - but because, she looks on it as a small Btep . towards separating the Australian colonies from the mighty heretic Empire of which they are so important a part, and which the Lord has blessed bo greatly. There is nothing too small for the Church of Rome to interest herself about if she fancies it will tend in the slighest degree to her objects, and there is nothing too great for her to aim at in carry ing out her designB. We deeply regret that Bhe has now turned her attention even to our sports, and is trying to throw the apple of discord into them. An Australian Republican NIeeting. — At a meeting of what is called a Republican Society for Australia, held one evening last week in the Temperance Hall, at which the attendance we are glad to say was very scanty ; all sorts of silly twaddle was indulged in, that had no earthly semb lance of connection with the subject they were there to discuss. The only thing the speakers seemed to he masters of was low vulgar abuse of the Queen, When they had got to the highest bent of their imagination in abuse, and just as one speakor had finished, the Rev. Daniel Allen, who was sitting in the Hall, called ont in tones that made the building resound again " God Save the Queen." The consternation caused by this was like an earthquake. In order to restore the assombly of worthies to its equilibrium, a miscreant sitting near the Reverend gentleman shouted ont in equally loud tones " God d—n the Queen," and some of the milder of the audience wanted a bucket of water to throw over Pastor Allen. Curiously enough the Daily Telegraph and Sydney Morning Herald had glowing reports of the meeting, probably contributed, omitting of course all reference to the vulgarity and unholy cursing of our gracious Queen Victoria the Good. Tho Evening News, Btrange to say, gave a correct account of the meeting, and published somo of the choice, gutterology indulged in at it ; at the same time handling the various speakers in a manner they are not likely to forget. The speakers and assembly were almost entirely of the secularists sect. Tlie Unpardonable Sin.— The Christian Advocate, published in America, Bays that a copy of the famous Indulgence hawked over Germany and attacked by Martin Luther, is in the possession of the British Museum. It shows that among the sins too enormous for its powers, and for which it could promise no exemption from the fires of hell, was the importation of alum into the States of the Church. The Pope owned , certain alum manufactories at Tolfa and would keep his monopoly free from compe tition. He was ready to sell pardons for murder and perjury, but not for dealing in foreign alum. Honest Hugh Latimer a tea cher for tbe present time.— Such was the subject chosen by the Rev. J. Barnier for his lecture for the Church of England Association. The Association had inaugu rated a series of Protestant lectures, in order to educate tho members of the Church of England against the ritualistic practices intro duced into the church, chiefly by recent impor tations. The lecture was the third of a Beries given within a month by evangelical clergy men. The first of these, through the courtesy of the Association, we were able to present to our readers, as a supplement to our last issue. The growth and strength of the Association may be judged from the fact, of the MaBonic Hall being, on such a wet evening as last Monday, filled with a very fashionable audi ence. The Reverend lecturer was supported by the Hon. G. H. Cox, M.L.C. as chairman, and a large number of the leading lay and clerical members of the Church of England on the. platform. The lecture was road from manuscript and was listened to attentively. At times the lecturer was loudly applauded. The applause was especially loud and pro longed when the reverend gentloman came to the descriptive part of Latimer and Ridley's death. The effect of the sentence, " Be of good comfort Master Ridley, and play the man : we shall this day light such a candle ; by God's grace in England as I trust shall nover be put out," was electrical. At the conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was pro posed by the Hon. W. J. Foster, President of the Association. This was seconded by the Rev. J. H. Price, and was carried by acclama tion. The Hon. W. J. Foster in the course of his remarks said that tlie formation of the Association was considered by a few to be premature. I am sorry to say that it is not so. When we see the extent of ritualistio practices carried on in the old country in conse- qcence of the members of the church allowing these evils to go on unchecked, it behoves us to take tbe warning ; and profit by it. These evils are introduced in such small things, and in such a manner as to disarm the suspicious. First only a few harmless flowers, tho product of God's earth, placed upou the Communion Table. They are so beautiful and yet so 'simple that who can object. Then by somo means or tho other the flowers are twisted into a cross, a cross of flowers. How boauti- fnl? When the people heoanie accustomed to this cross, then why not set a rich'ornamen- tal metal one instead of a simple flower croBS : and so the evil goes on. Well the object of this Association is to put a stop to thiB sort of thing, and keep our dear old Church pure, and without taint. The Hon. Mr. Foster said that he felt the great responsibility of having the Presidency of such an Association placed upon him ; and asked their prayers for proper guidance for the Association in the coming struggle. A vote of thanks to the chairman, and the pronouncing of the Benediction closed the proceedings. Extraordinary Telegraphic News. — Telegrams from Europe have brought news that the Pope has announced in response to the offers of the New South Wales Government of 300,000 acres of land, that the Propaganda is enlisting a number of priestB, mostly Irish Trappists, to undertake mission work among the aborigines in the colony. In doing so, he considers that ho is forestalling the protestants. Another tele gram Bays that the Pope urges the Propa ganda to forestall the Protestant Churches by accepting an oiler of the Imperial Govern ment of 30,000 acres of land to any mission for civilizing the natives of the South Seas. The Daily Telegraph (London) blames the snpineness of the Anglican Church in allow ing the Pope to take the initiative. It is also said that the offer was made through Cardinal Moran. The telegrams are con- tradictory and incomprehensible. It is re ported that Cardinal Moran denies knowledge of the matter, and it is pretty certain that the N. S. Wales Government would court destruc tion, by making suoh an offer. Can it be that Sir Patrick Jennings has once more been misrepresenting the colony ? Intelligence that will explain the puzzle will be watched for with interest. 