the novelist. SABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author ot " Macleod of Dare," " A PrinceBs of Thnle," Ac. CHAPTER XIV. A ROSE'DECORATED BALL. To name a thing is nothing: other people might call it love if they liked; he was con tent to regard it as a beautiful and ideal friendship; and he could have wished that this was the fourteenth century; and London, Florence; and that a certain chosen band of charming ladies and young gentlemen might retire to a small and fair doman without the city, there to walk in cool gardens and fragrant meadows, singing songs and telling stories, weaving garlands of flowers, and dancing to the dulcet etrains of lute and viol —all to show to the world that perfeot and frank good comradeship might innocently and advantageously exist between unmarried men and maidens. In the meantime he was neither in Florence nor in the fourteenth century; and, indeed, he was too much occu pied with the one and sole and consuming question as to how he should manage to see Sabina again to waste much thinking over impracticabilities. But afternoon calls were useless, for Sabina was rarely at home in the daytime; haunting the neighbourhood of Kensington-square was j tantalizing beyond endurance ; and not until Mrs. Wygr&m; came back from Brighton could he nope for an invitation to spend an evening with them. Was there no other way ? For this constant desire to meet her again—if only for a few minutes, just to see how she was looking, and hear her voice banished every other thought and fancy from his brain; and he neglected his work; and his ordinal? companions had but little in terest for him; and London became at once a delight and a tortnre to him, knowing as he did that Sabina was somewhere within the vast extent of it; and from morning till night he kept vainly gueBBing at her probable whereabouts. All this was a friendship of a very exalted and devoted character, he knew; Btill, it was friendship. One afternoon he went down to the house ! of a famouB Academician, and found the mis- I tress of the mansion at home. There were a few visitors present: and when they rose to leave he remained; he wanted to have a little private conversation with Mrs. Mellord. "Why," said he, when they had gone, "from what I hear, the whole of London is coming to you on the 22nd." " Oh, no, no—only a few friends," she said (all hostesses say the like). "We Bhall be very quiet—don't yon be frightened away" "Oh, I am coming, of course," he said. " I have got some pretty women," she ob served, encouragingly (and she herself was charming enough, both in appearance and manner). "You always do have pretty women at your j house," he said. "Don't you know that other people are a little bit jealons ? How do you manage it ? They're not too fond of shining side by side. They like to be solitary stars. Well, now—eh—I wanted to ask you if yon had sent a card to the Wygrams." " The Wygrams ?" she repeated with the least tonch of surprise. "I don't think I did, then." " Ob, but you ought," he made bold to say (for he was on very friendly terms with this pretty Mrs. Mellord). " Oh, yes, you must —a kindness, you know—aula lang Byne" " I should hardly have thought it was in their way," she said, still looking rather puzzled. And then something seemed to strike her; and she regarded the young man with ahrewd and demurely smiling eyea. " I suppose you mean that Miss Zembra Bhould be included!" " Miss Zembra ?" he anwered, and he took up an Egyptian scent-burner, and affected to be deeply interested in the potter's handi work. " Well, yes, I understand she is still living with them. I don't know that she would care to come—probably not. She would want some persuasion, I suppose, if yon were kind enough to ask her. However, if you want another pretty woman, there iB one. Of course, as I say, she would have to ; be petBuaded—she doesn't often go out—but you could tell her, for example, that she j ought to go out from time to time, seeing how rich people enjoy and amuse themselves should sharpen her sympathy with those poor people she works among ; you might put it that wav, if you thought it worth while asking her/' Mrs. Mellord burst out laughing. " Do you know, Mr. Lindsay, tbat you are a very admirable actor ? Of course it is not you who want MisB Zembra to be here on the 22nd. Oh, no. And yonr air of indifference —excellent! Do vou think I have heard nothing ?—with all the town talking about your infatuation for Miss Sabina !" He reddened to the temples. " I was not aware there were so many idiots in the world." " Don't be angry," said his friend, placidly. " They might have coupled your name with a plainer girl. Mow let us understand each other. Supposing I go to Miss Zembra, and talk her over, and get her to come here, perhaps you would like to take her in to supper!" He looked up quickly, but she did not give him time to speak. " I BuppOBe you would not object. Well, then, everybody says that Berr Borella is a great chum of yours. I saw him the other night, and be refused to come to me on the 22nd—the flimsiest excuse you ever heard. Do you think you can induce him to change his mind?" "I know I can," " And will yon get him to sing ?" " Certainly." " For, don't you see, I am not going to sacrifice the whole night to you boys and girls. I must have same little amusement for the elderly people; and I am going to have distinct intervals between the dances, and have music—songs, I mean, for no one listens to anything else. Well, then, I have got Madame Secchi, and Angelica Russell, and Isidore, and one or two others; and I want your friend Borella as well." " Oh, that's all right," he said, promptly. " You really think you will get him to sing for me ?" " I'll make him sing." " Because," said pretty Mrs. Mellord, gravely, and she regarded the yonng man with eyes that meant a great deal, " in that case I think out of sheer gratitude I must do my best to persuade Miss Zembra." The 22nd was a long way off yet, however; and in the interval the Wygrams came home from Brighton. During this time he encoun tered the sympathetic Jame occasionally; but saw very little of Sabina, who was busy with her mnltifarious duties; so tbat all the more he looked forward to the evening on which he was to meet her at Mrs. Mellord's. And alwayB with the tacit assnmption that be was to have the monopoly of her society on that occasion. Had it not been so at his own house on that memorable night? Sabina was bis companion all the way through; at supper she had esit on his right hand, and talked almost exclusively to him; in the stuaio the others were free to dance, or listen to music, or amuse themselves as they ohose: Sabina and he were apart, and together. And as it was then, so it wonld be now; and who else bad such a claim on her? , . , And at last came the night of the ball; and it was the very height of the London season; and as carriage after carriage drove up to Mrs. Mellord'e house, the crowd on the pave ment had more or less diBtant glimpses of very distinguished people indeed—a generally recognised face causing a little murmur of comment—and of the less-known women folk who stepped along under the awning in the lightest and palest of summer cloaks and hoods. And pleasant it was on this hot Jnne night to pass into the spacious hall of white and-black marble ; and fresh and cool looked the tall ferns that went all the way round the walla ; and there was a grateful flashing of the central fountain, where_ a ghost-white alabaBter swan floated motionlesB in the middle of a miniature lake. But from the hall upwards and onwards there was no deco ration but roses. RopeB of roses adorned the staircase; festoons of roses hung above the doors; masses of roses gave colour to the pale gold ballroom ; and on the supper-table —as jet concealed from the public eye—lay a bed of red roses from end to end. Every where there was a scent of roses, and a sound of music, too, for the dancing had begun; and pretty Mrs. Mellord, at the head of tbe staircase, was already becoming anxious that the people should disperse a Dttle, and not crowd so obstinately round the ballroom door. Walter Lindsay was not in that ball-room. No. He was in the spacious hall below, I lounging about with Willie Meteyard, and pretending to listen to him. The subject of their talk was etching, ordinarily a suffi i ciently attractive topic for most artists; and Meteyard was most enthusiastic about a wonder-working press he had just purchased. Somehow or other, however, Walter Lind say's attention was but intermittent. He looked anxions. He kept glanoing towards the wide-open doorway, and to the brilliant crowd that came slowly ponring in. And at last, with a sudden " See you by- and-by, he abruptly left his companion ana made for a certain Email group that had jnst arrived. Sabina (so tall she seemed; and to him she appeared to be enveloped in a cloud of white gauze—but that waB because he had no eyes for anything but her face and the possible look of welcome he might find there) was apparently a little snrpriaed to meet him. " In London still ?" she said, in her direct way. " Why are you not in the country, at work ?" He stammered some excuse. " And you might welt ask what brings us here," she added, with a smile; " but Janie wanted to see the roBes." They passed into the cloakroom. He was very nervous while awaiting them. He wanted to get possession of Sabina from the first—to establish a right of companionship that no one could interfere with. And what if they were to be separated on the crowded Btaircaee, or if she were to be snatched away from him on her entrance into the rooms above? It suddenly occurred to him that he was, in a manner, helpless, In his own home, with Sabina as his guest, he could do what he liked. He could choose her seat for her, take her hither and thither, and generally assume charge of her. Bnt here, in another person's house, he had no such control; all sorts of untoward accidents might happen; wild beasts (in the shape of strangers want ing introductions) would be waiting upstairs to devour her. And what had he come for i* Sabina were to be spirited away ? However, when the women reappeared, was very evident that Sabina had no inten tion of ignoring the claims of old friendship. She came forward to him quite frankly; appeared to take it for granted he was wa ing for them; and went up the staircase with him, these two together, and Janie looking on with marked approval. " I wish Mr. Foster could see them now, she said in an undertone to her mother. "You know," Sabina said to hercompanion, " we ore going away quite early. I cannot have all the good that Brighton did to Mrs. Wygram undone again. Wasn't it kind her to take all the trouble about bringing t i here to-night? but Janie was so anxious see the pretty rooms; and then Mrs. Mellord is a very persuasive woman—when she sets her mind on a thing" " Oh," said he, " I will take you where you will see everything without getting crushed. I know you don't care much about dancing. Miss Zembra; and I don't either; why. I de test it—in this hot weather—in a crowd" But they were now arrived at the head of the staircase. Mrs. Mellord was not much surprised to find Walter Lindsay appear at the same time with Miss Zembra; and she gave both of them, and the Wygrams, a pleasant greeting; only she took occasion, as she pressed Mr. Lindsay's hand slightly, to say— "Borella is here, and has already sung twice. Yon are a very good boy." Now aB Walter Lindsay was familiar with thiB house, and as all the rooms on this floor were en suite, he found no difficulty in taking his little party by a roundabout way to a corner where they could have a commanding view. And a very pretty sight it was. The pale hued walls, the brilliant lights, the masses and ropes and festoons of rosea; young English girls showing further roses in their cheeks, their eyes vivid with the animation of a waltz; dowagers gorgeous in velvet and satin and diamonds; here and there in the " general circle," if one may use the phrase, the resplendent costume of a dusky Indian Prince, or the quieter garments of a group of Chinese officials looking on with impassive stare. Perhaps, indeed, the "general circle" was more interesting to the ordinary observer than the industrious young men and maidens who were engaged in the active business of the evening; for there were many famous folk here; and, luckily for Lindsay's com panions, his acquaintance was not confined to mere painters and poets, and people of that kind. However, they were not suffered to remain long in this qniet corner. The son of the house had espied them; a quadrille was being formed; he brought along a partner, and introduced him to Janie. Janie was a good girl, and told no He; only ehe_ threw a little despairing glance towards Sabina. "Wontyou come in, Sabie?" she Baid. I " Will you?" said Walter Lindsay, quickly. ' " Oh, yeB," was the placid answer. And so before he knew what he was about he found himself engaged to dance with Sabina; and quite inadvertently he took her hand so as to put her in proper position, and bis heart was beating pretty quickly, and the music that had now begun made a fervour in bis brain, so that the little speeches he made to her were rather incoherent. Fortunately they were " aides," and in the period of wait ing, Sabina looked on calm and bland and smiling. When it came to their turn ahe went through the various evolutions with a simplicity and ease and grace that entirely surprised him and wrought him a more deadly woe than ever. Was it her beautiful figure, then, that caused her slightest move ment to a)-pear so fine and finished? And then she was so gentle and dignified in her | self-possession, and Janie's eyes, as he could i Bee, were fnll of admiring pride; she seemed to be easing—"Is not our beautiful Sabie perfect in everything she does?" And, of course, he pretended to have forgotten the fipureB in order to have information given hun in an undertone; and he rather lingered in letting go her hand when they returned to their places; and he, too, spoke to her in an undertone, as if to shut away the onter world. But alas I this close companionship could not last for ever. The music and the dancing ceased, and he had to take her back to Mrs. Wygram. It was Perdita he was thinking of, and Florizel's speech to her :— " What you do still betters what is done . . . . When you do danoe, 1 wish you a wave o' the sea, that you might ever do i nothing bnt that." Only thiB was rather a tall ana stately Perdita, though her manner was gracious enough, Madame Secchi was now singing the Casta ! Diva air from "Norma," but he did not listen attentively; he was busy with the fear that that ofiiciouB young Mellord would pre sently be bringing along some partner and j stealing Sabina away from him. And he was resolved that no such thing should occur. So he charged them not to move from their | present position, and slipped away through the crowd and reached his hostess, I " Mrs. Mellord," said he, " are you going to be awfully good to me ?" "I always am," was the prompt reply. " Yes; but this time especially ?" " What is it?" "Miss Zembra and the Wygrams are not going to stay late, and I want to show them the supper-room; I have heard about the roses. May I take them in?" " The candles are not lit yet." " Oh, but there will be some kind of light." " Very well, then." And then she looked at him with laughing but friendly eves. " Promise to be grateful to me all your life. I will let you give them supper now, if you can find any." "No; may I?" " But get the servants to put the table straight—don't forget that." And right gladly and swiftly he went back to his friends; the music had not yet finished; Sabina was still there. "Come along," said he, "1 am commissioned by Mrs. Mellord to take you into the supper room—before any one else goes in—come along!" And then he bundled them away, and guided them across the upper hall, and opened the ponderous rosewood door, and nsnered them into this long, dimly-lit chamber. But even these few lamps showed what a beauti ful room it was—the abundance of flowers, the silver candelabra, the crystal and china making the table veiy pretty indeed. Then it was cool and quiet and mysterious; there was no servant of any kind near; they were ] as children who had stolen into some forbid den place. Of course, the women-folk would not near of bis attempting to get them any supper. Would he disarrange that beautiful table? Tbey could get some refreshment, if they wanted any, in the other room. Then said Janie— " Mother, Sabie is tired after her long day's work. Let her stop here, in the cool. We will go back and look at the dancing." Sabina was nothing loth; this room waB indeed much less hot than the others; he had | gother a comfortable chair; and, when she had time, she enjoyed laziness luxuriously. What did she talk to him about? It seemed a matter of little concern to her. He was all eagerness to interest her—about a dozen different subjects; but she answered sb if the mysterious fights, and the cool atmosphere, and the scent of the roses were enough for her. She lay a little baok in her chair; the solitary diamond in the s'ender necklace round her throat flashed from time to time; she never raised her eyes to his; she seemed content—and blandly indifferent. Bnt there wbs a growing wildness in his brain; at any moment she might carelessly I rise and signify her wish to return to the ballroom; and he could not control her going. He took a rose from the bed of roses. "Miss Zembra, will you give me this rose ?" he said, in rather a low voice. In an instant she seemed to be startled into half-consciousness, and to reoolleect where she waB—and what Mrs. Wygram would probably say of her. The next moment she had risen asd taken the rose and placed it gently back on the table. " We muBt not rob Mrs. Mellord," she said with perfect quietude. "And now shall we go back ?" " I would wait ten years to get that rose from you," he said, for this madness was still in his brain. Perhaps she did not hear. She preceded him calmly to the door; and there, indeed, she lingered for half a second nntil he re joined her; and together, as if nothing had happened, they returned to the Wygrams. Bnt be was very pale; and all thiB thing around him waB phantasmal—the din and splendour were alike bewildering; he looked on, but his eyes were blind. Sabina began to question Mrs. Wygram abont going, and this somewhat recalled him to himself. Nay, she spoke to him too, and with no stndied coldness, but ratber with a certain timidity. Had she heard, and yet was not angry ? Or was it that she was too gentle to be angry?—she would rather pre tend not to have heard at alL Very soon the Wygrams and Sabina left; 1 and for him the rose-scented ball was over. He returned no more to those brilliant rooms, with their blazing oandelabra and beautifnl dresses and gay music. He put on his thin summer overcoat and went away listlessly— | and yet with a kind of exoitement in his brain—through the dim gas-lit etreetB, down t>y Gloucester-road, and Cornwall Gardens, and back by Victoria-road, and so, and stealthily, through Kensington-square. The lights were already out in the well-known bonse. And then be wandered away np in the Notting-hill direction, nntil be reached bis own home: and there he went into the Btndio, and turned np the gas, and threw off ] hiB coat, and sat down. What had happened? And right well be knew: no farther disguise •r pretence was possible now; hiB inmost soul had spoken—to himself, if not to her. i 