? I^E St. Patrick's Day meeting at Elsternwick rvifi» ln! reatsuccess from the Trotting Club's point E'fti b S ugb bakers again had considerably the fcalf it!.? < ! ea1 T ' h e Erin Hurdle Race, one mile and It £ Proceedings, and Denny Fountain's cbestlld of fl^g,^parfcan - started a 6 to 4 favourite in a small lawV 11 '^- P. Whitty's Moolgai being at 4 to 1, |a 6eKl 0 ? 510 L The latter had King on bis back, know what he h- S . might expect if he turned In eomw , e , quence bein g he tried his best, and ly fro WeIS1 m Moolgai by a length, the favourite C0Uple of PteeS?;, teagths away. Time 2min. 53Jsec. Fe fwinSSo i c^me out in the Shamrock Handicap, Htoi fni, and a-half, Honora heading the quotations |6toi •ini^e. d - by Beck with, VascoBa, and Honeybee gonoffer Icoess Thn\ against Munwyrtina and "enthn A" , wo laBt-iiamed were most conspicuous butat lapnaiSn?! the distance Mr. Miller's colt iWhted t 'y e ?ough of it, and Success andVascosa ideavonr wJ latch Beckwith. They failed in their P GovernBo^ - ver ! the four-year-old eon of The Diver SMsaonlvl ,T 1U , U1U B from Success by a short head, aatity (i y awa 7i -f , y- Time, Imin. 12sec. There was F tWT mi xi 11^. 1 ua Hty among the contestants pllatat handicap Trot, of three miles, the a N-whotinflT reputed ringer in Walter M to1, Manfli T rr for premiership honours I s lOsecs hBi-,- 4' and Bar g° starting at6's. Maude IIL pk. The in H scratch, Walter Scott being on the hen MaudB m ed for about two miles and a-half, "lowed irnmoi- X ave him the go- bye, an example behind) m? lat fy afterwards by Leitbamstead (60 r ude III roiw P'aces were not afterwards disturbed, P efi about ve 20 yards in 9min.l01sec. I'eall much nf „ f ? r the St. Patrick's Steeplechase gutless from 8 »but eventually Nabocklish PI better nomenclature) was half a r? 5 to2 K^l u " te , tb an Banker, the pair being at 2 to E 01 ' The favnnv.:! , y ' Misfortune receiving support at r r leaving „ , B ca me to grief at the first obstacle P®Me bv tnl„?? olosure > and Simpleton bettering the a III' Misfortun" complete somersault over the Ff it o ut, a®'"anker a^d Tandstickor were left to l^atwo jehonV -1 . 0 5 ni sbing as named, Misfortune £ advantage, in 4min. 38|sec. The F esha or the oo^ed th J Selling Race, of five furlongs, * event pretty closely, Stafford starting at 5 to 2, The Ghost at 3 to 1, and Sorcerer at 4 to 1. Sorcerer and Stafford got a decided advantage over The Ghost at the start, and the pair raced home together, Stafford eventually beating Mr. Nathan's black gelding by half-a-length, The Ghost being a couple of lengths away. The distance was skipped over very gaily—viz., Imin. 5fsec.—and on being submitted by auction the Kingston representative returned to his owner for £110, the whole of which went to the funds of the club. Thefinish for the St. Kilda Cap was worth going a long way to see, the favourite, Lara, just getting home a short head in advance of Menotti (a 10 to 1 chance), Kohai and Hogmanay being close up. NELSON went to Sydney overland last Friday, and as he is fairly well treated in the Sydney Cup, at 9st. 121b., and is still in A1 trim, he should just about add that to his other victories. The HawkeBbury Handicap should be won by either Tom Brown, Tamarisk or The Orphan, albeit if The Nun is taken over she will make some of them hum to keep alongside of her in that event with only 7st. on her back. So would Eingmaster in th8 Sydney Cup ; but as I know nothing about stable intentions I must look to Crossfire, Tom Brown, Arsenal and Myall King as being most likely along with Nelson to fill the positions in the Sydney CupCrossfire and Arsenal for choice. NO; I didn't go up to Sunbury last Saturday. Heaps of people did; but yours truly was not of the number. Did I hear anything about it? Well, yes. I will tell you what I heard, although I am not going to vouch for its strict authenticity; albeit I have every reason to believe that my informants kept well within the four corners of the truth. But still you must not forget that— " I cannot tell how true it be, I tell the tale as 'twas told to me." There were a couple of hurdle races, and in the District Amateur Hurdle a very prominent cross-country horseman couldn't find his •proper colours in time, and weighed out in another jockey's costume. No. 3 scaled in the colours to be born by No. 1, and the public having been completely mystified the two jockeys adjourned to the shade of a neighbouring tree and exchanged garments. Outcome: Taxaraxacum, who had been driven back in the market, with the V.P.C.H. up, started with odds of 3 to 1 on him, and won in a canter. But the Selling Race put the capper on everything. For this event two started—Stiff Un and The Pea. The public unwillingly backed the Stiff Un, who came in first. But the rider of The Pea entering a protest against the winner for going inside a post Stiff Un was disqualified and the rider of The Pea had nothing to do but to weigh in and get the race. But, hey presto! whilst the barneying had been going on, by some means 41b. of lead was abstracted from the saddle, and when the rider went to scale he was that much short of weight, and the stewards declared the race null and void. "And didn't the stewards take any notice of these things ?" I inquired of Roderick Dhu. "Not they," was the response. Ashe had previously informed me that he had a remarkably good day, pulling all his Caulfield losings back, I felt perfectly satisfied that he at least was "in the know." THE circumstance reminds me of a little episode that occurred a few months ago up country, when a horse, not unknown to Metropolitan fame as The Bould Sojer Boy, was made like unto the proverbial crutch after being heavily backed by some clever individuals. These latter were not long in discovering from the sign that they were in the mud, and BO they interviewed the stewards, and requested them to keep a strict watch on The Bould Sojer Boy, as he wasn't on the job. Instead of doing so, the stewards cent for his rider before the race, and informed him they had been given to understand he was about to ride " a shunt," warning him that if he attempted such a thing he would suffer divers pains and penalties. And so The Bould Sojer Boy travelled with cut ribbons, the clever people scooped the pool, and the sports behind the throne lost their good greed. Ah! it is circumstances like these that in the dull racing season give little fillips to the excitement. THE wheelmen are playing up high jinks just at present. Some 12,000 people assembled on the Melbourne Cricket ground on Saturday to witness the Fernside Bicycle Club sports, and a rattling good programme of 13 events was got through in a very satisfactory manner. Con. Dwyer essayed the task of clipping the record for a mile on the grass, and succeeded in his laudable efEort. Previous to Saturday the best on record for that distance was 2min. 51sec.; but Dwyer brought that down by 2 3-5ths sec. by covering the distance m 2min. 48 2-5tbs sec. ON Saturday the Melbourne Bicycle club will hold a monster meeting at the same place (the M.C.C. Ground) and as the affair promises to be a big boon the whole of the vast resources of MELBOURNE PUNCH office are to be brought to bear to give proper acknowledgment to that manly exercise which, unlike most sports now-a- days, is not accredited with having wheels within wheels. THE tour of Messrs. Shaw and Shrewsbury's English professional team has been brought to a close, and its component parts have taken their departure for " Home, sweet home." Financially the spec, must have proved a disastrous one; for although the people of New South Wales were aB enthusiastic aB ever, the weather proved unfavourable nearly every good match they Slaved in the capital of the sister colony, and as the Victorian public are completely full up about cricket the most carefully concocted schemes failed to draw even a moderate attendance. Taken all round, the eleven who have just left our shores are undoubtedly the strongest combination of cricketing talent that have ever visited Australia; and the fact that the promoters have been money out of pocket by their venture tends to show that International contests have been slightly overdone. We had the good luck some years ago 13 develop phenomenal cricketers in various departments of the game-Spoflforth, Boyle, Giffen and Palmer as bowlers; Murdoch, A. Bannerman, Giffen, Horan, Scott and Percy M'Donnell as batsmen; Blackham behind the wickete, with Jarvis as assistant, forming a, team fit to throw down the gauntlet to the pick of " Merne England. But, as Adam Lindsay Gordon wrote— "The young leave short, the sere leaves fall, And the old giveth place to the new ; Whilst the Preacher cries, " It is vanity all, And vexation of spirit too." And in cricket our young leaves cannot fill the place the sere ones once occupied. Turner is undoubtedly a very promising bowler, but one swallow does not make a summer. This being so, I take it 'twere best for us to sit back for six or seven years, and strive to revive public interest in our club and intercolonial matches. Time will most certainly relieve Cricket from one great incubus that has brought it down to a very low levelm public estimation, and when that has been shaken off we will once again see the large attendances of yore, each and all taking a deep interest in the game, conscious that they are looking at a contest for honour and not witnessing a lust for a big " gate." NON-SMOKERS, 803; Smokers, 356 and fivefor 235. Such was the result of the combination match which took place on the East Melbourne Ground during the week. It has been quoted in some quartera as the highest record in a first-class match." Well, perhaps so. For myBelf, I cannot praise it; but I can at least keep 6ilent. PORT MELBOURNE are evidently in for a bit of a picnic with the Hotham fellows in a two dayB' match commenced on the Hotham Recreation Reserve last Saturday. The local team went to the wickets, and through the assistance of E. Bean (122 not out) and H. Stuckey (122) had 258 on the board for the loss of only two wickets when time waB called. NORTH FITZROY have set Ormond a sfciffish taBk by compiling 238 in their first innings. Good all-round scoring it was, too, as Drysdale (47) Passfield (38), Kelly (34), Harris (23), Brideson (22), Logan (18), and Dyall (10) will testify. Letcher took seven wickets for 75 rune for Ormond. As the game at present stands, Ormond have lost six wickets (Logan 3 for 24 and Bride3on three for 27) for 58 runs—Fox (15) and Anderson (10) being the only attainers of double figures. Fully 5000 persons were present at the match, a number of whom demonstrated their thorough acquaintance with cricket by remarking of the Ormond bowling that they " never saw such Tripe. THE Argus of Monday last publishes the scores in full, and one line reads, " Harris, c. Harris, b. Harris, 23." I can't help it, I must deliver myself of the goak, as such a result as that must be emb-Harrising to the average reader. Did Harris bowl and catch himself, or were the Messrs. Harris alluded to separate and distinct individuals? ril Harris myself no more about it. No one—save and except perhaps the contractor (Mr. David Munro), will begrudge Greenland, the boatbuilder, the £550 awarded him fer damages sustained by the upheaval of the boat Bhed, and consequent loss of business, occasioned by the heavy deposit of earth required for the road over the now Princes' Bridge. If there is much more of it dumped down I shouldn't be surprised to see old Dick Fuller's structure get a kink in its back, and perhaps Mr. Munro haBthis contingency in his eye when he talks about trying to get the adverse verdict given against him reversed in a higher court. TALKING about Fuller, I dropped into his establishment last week, and found the veteran and his nephew, George Buckeridge, hard at work on something rekerky in the shape of a four-oared gig for the use of the St. Ignatius' College boys, Lane Cove River, New South Wales. The old un informed me that he proposes taking bis nephew into partnership with him, and quite right too; for if the veteran has got the Kabaser plan, the young un has the skill to execute. WHILE I was in there—and it wasn't long, I tell you—I got some sniffs that evidently were not wafted from Araby the Blest. "Great Scott, Dick!" I ejaculated, " where does that come from ?" " Oh," was the reply; " you see they are dredging out the swamp, and they are depositing the stuff round here, so what with that, and what with the stagnant water damned up here at present, it's enough to knock you down at times, I tell you. I wonder the Board of Health don't interfere." And so do I. Talk about the thousand stinks of Cologue! Why it's the whole thousand, and few over rolled into one, I SUPPOSE that we shall have some Jubilee sports got up this year, in honour of—&c;„ &c.; Everybody seems travelling on the Jubilee ticket at present, and therefore some scene such as the following may be enacted in the City Police Court some of these mornings:—Magistrate (to prisoner, who has been charged witfi garotting and robbery): "Well, the evidence is pretty conclusive against you. What have you to urge against me committing you for trial ?" Bill Sykes: " Well, your worship, T nt&D; a.fVitnlrin' nfi Vintn trmi ivncrVl brought before this bench on various charges." Syket "That's just it, yer worship. As it'B the fiftieth tame was a-thinkin', don't yer see, as how you might mark the occasion as a sort of Joobilee arrangement." OLYMPUS. 