FATE OR CHANCE? A STORY m TWO CHAPTERS. (' ALL tub year BOUKD.'j Chapter I. One bright September afternoon, many years ago, an elderly gentleman was seeing his daughter off from Paddipgton. He was a fussy, hot, ezeitable little man in a white hat ; bat as, beyond being me father of the heroine of this tale, he has no farther elaim to interest, it will only be necessary to state that he was Major Game, home from India on leave. His daughter was a tall, distingaiahed- looking girl, with a beautiful, sensitive face, expressive dark eyes, and something in her whole manner and hearing indicating an impressionable temperament, and bighly- strang nerves. She looked about nineteen, bat was really three -hud-twenty. She had been born in India, sent home to England for a chance of life, and in spite of the mournful 'prophesies of the aunt who had educated her, had grown up into a fairly healthy young woman. She was, however, deficient in vitality ; excitement and fatigue soon told upon her nervous system, and the London season seemed to have tried her so much that her father grew alarmed and Irritated at her pale looks and listleBB movements. A three weeks' stay bSl country-house in Sussex having produced no good effect, he persuaded her to acospi an invitation from a girl frieud, who had written to ask her to rasticatc in Gloucestershire for a month or two. Mabel aid not dislike the idea She was i warmly attached to her friend Nelly Dawson whose thoroughly practical nature had a steadying effect on her own imaginative and romantic temperament. A rather serious flirtation, which on her side had gone beyond flirtation limits, had preyed open her health, and was the real cause of the dejection which had so much worried her father. The 4 young man,' from some unexplsra able cause, had gone off abruptly, and Mabel could not recover from the disappointment and mortification produced by his departure. The heart-sickness of deferred hope told upon her ; each time the postman's knock sounded through the house, her pulses beat madly with throbs of expectation, followed by a reaction of bitter disappointment. There was no one in whom she could confide ; and she felt as i! the sight of her old schoolfellow's kind, ugly, sensible face would be a comfort b6yond expression. Her father's fussy care irritated instead of Boothing her, and she looked forward with absolute relief to freedom from his society, and sank back in her seat with a sigh of delight as the train glided off and left him perspiring on the platform. How delicious to have long, lazy days in a quiet old country- house, to lounge in a cool orchard, not to ha obliged to make oneself pleasant to a lot of uninteresting people ! In Sussex there had been a houseful of guests, and every moment of the day she bad had to he 'en Evidence,' to dress, and sing, and flalk, and be as bright as possible, while she only longed for night to come, that she might think quietly of that wretched young man, and wonder why it was he did not write. At the DawsonB she need not wear a maBk, she felt snre, and she oould venture to tell her troubles to Nelly, who was true as steel ; that rara avis,' a woman who oould be trusted with confidences withont betraying them. When the train stopped at Moreton there was Nelly waiting on the platform with a world of welcome in her faae. She rushed forward, eeized Mabel's bag, saw to the luggage, and led her off to the little pony carriage which was waiting outside the station door. She was the very opposite of Mabel in appearance as well as in ' character. She was short, rather < pudgy' in figure, and dressed like a housemaid. She bad not one good feature in her face, and yet her expression was so full of kindly human geniality, her smile so cordial, she was so absolutely self-unconscious, that love weDt out to her spontaneously. Children smiled back into her kind eyes, dogs wagged their tails at her, oats rubbed themselves ineinuatingly against her dress at fleet acquaintance ; an atmosphere of kindness and sympathy seemed to radiate from her. -Mabel felt this influence at once, and when the little whi'e pony had started on the slow amble which was his favourite pace, and which his mistress rarely disturbed — she put her arm round her friend's sub stantial waist and gave her a hearty kies. c Yon dear old Nell — I feel better at once for only just seeing you.' 4 1 oan'l teil you, darling, how glad I am to have you. It's too good to be true. I'm only afraid you will And us such slow, quiet people, after all the gaiety you are used to. You won't care to stay long, dear, I'm afraid.' 'Oh Nell, dqn't say that. I expect I ehall want to stop quite as long as you will care to keep me. It is just to be with you, and to be quite quiet, that I want. You don't know what a comfort it is> to be with yop. I have been so unhappy, Nell.' 'Poor dear child ! what is it? Do tell the if it will help you. But I won't ask you anything. If yon would rather not speak of it, don't.' 'I. want to tell you, dear. I want your advice. Gome into my room to-night, and have a chat, will yon, and let me tell you all about is ?' ' Yes, I will ; and we'll see if we can't find a way out of the worry, whatever it is.' The Manor House was only a short distance from the station ; soon they drove through the ledge gates aud drew up before the hall door. Mabel was a little bit disappointed. Tns house was smaller than she had expected, and the country round was not so pretty as she had thought it would be. The evening had turned gr yondsad with the strange melancholy of approaching change that early autumn brings. A sudden gust of wind stirred the trees, brought down some fluttering leaves from the old elms, rustled in the creeper that oovered the house and the roses that Mustered j round the porch. An old dog oauxe waggling out witb « contortion of the face evidently intended for a smile of welcome. Mrs. D&weon;, looking as if just aroused from her afternoon nap, appeared in? the doorway putting her cap Btraight. Mary, the eldest daughter, came forward, and both greeted their guest with affectionate warmth. They had so often heard Nelly speak of Mabel Game that they felt as if they had known her for years ; she must make hersetf at heme at once. In the meantime Mabel was going through most extraordinary phases of emotion. At the Bight of tha grey-stone house an indescribable sensation had come over her. She strove to master it ; she forced herself to smile in response to the kind and eager words of welcome that greeted her. She tried to shake off the horrible dread —there was no other word for it — which chained her feet to the ground and seemed to paralyse her. Mrs. Dawson led the way into the house. Mabel made a desperate effort, dragged herself forward, and reached the hall. Once inside, the feeling of terror increased and intensified. If she could have described it she would havo said that she felt as if a strauge, unknown power were holding her back. The air stifled her, the wall® of the long corridor seemed closing in on her. The terrifying thought, 4 I am going to be very ill,' struck her, and with it came the longing to be beck in London again in her own familiar bedroom. Mrs. Dawson, in happy unconsciousness cf her guest's sensations, led the way into the large, old-fashioned drawingroora. 4 Sit down, my dear. Let me give you a cup of tea. You don't look very strong. Has the journey tired you much ?' ' I am very tired ; I have a bad headache,' said Mabel, dropping into a larga arm-chair, and pushing back her hat from her throb" bing head. Her hand shook notioe&bly; as she raieed her cup to her lips. 'I'm sure you're not well, Mabel,' said Nelly, watching her with much concern, 1 Finish your tea, and then I shall take you apst&irs;, and make you lie down for an hoar. You would like to come now ? Very weil, let me lead the way.' They passsd up the broad staircase, and down another ccrridor. ' This is your rooai, dear; now He down, and let me put this shawl over you. Now, try to get to sleep for an hour. Here is the bell, if you want anything.' Mabel closed her eyes and tried to sleep, but in vain. She sat up at last, and looked round. Theroom was exceedingly large and lofty, the walls were pannelied, the tall mantel piece very old-fashioned ; there were two windows, one looking across to the church, the other overlooking the carriage drive. The evening was closing in, and with the gathering gloom Mabel's strange terror increased. A horrible sense of familiarity with her surroundings crept over her, chilling her very hlood. She had never been in Gloucestershire before in her life, and yet every room, every passage of this gloomy old house seemed well known to her. Her mind seemed to be on the verg9 of some dreadful recollection and discovery. Each instant she felt as if the next wonld bring a flash of sudden remembrance that would extinguish her reason. She walked to one of the windows and looked out. Beyond the drive stretched a large meadow, through whioh a small river flowed ; a gigantic chestnut tree stood on the bank, and its branches dropped into the water ; a number of docks were assembled taking their evening bath, flapping their wings, and bursting oat into what seemed to Mabel's overwrought senses unearthly shouts of wild laughter. For the first time for many weeks, Captain Lawrence was completely absent from her thoughts ; they were too absorbed by this overwhelming terror. She bathed her face and hands with water, and lay down again. Is seemed an eternity before Nelly knocked at the door May I come in ?' ' Oh, yes. Nell. Do come in and sit with me, will you ?' 4 Do yon know that you are not looking at all the thing, Mabel? Yon have been over- tiring and over-exerting yourself.' ' I suppose I am overdone. I have a etrauce sense of " something going to happen." Did you ever feel that ? I can't deBoribe it to yon.' ' Rubbish ! How often used I to lecture you on your morbid fancies, you silly old goose ? I'm not going to listen to you. You must come downstairs at once. We are not going to make any stranger of you, or change our usual ways because you are hers. We don't go in for late dinners ; we have high tea : and you'll have to put up with it ; and it is ready now, and I'm going to carry you off and make you feed well ; so CG.me along at once.' Mabel felt cheered, in spite of herself, as they entered the cosy diningroom. A bright fire was burning, and the blaze flickered weleomingly. The table, with its shining silver, pretty china, and daintily-arranged flowers, was most inviting ; and to her own surprise Mabel fonnd herself absolutely enjoying her tea, and growing each moment less depressed and more contented. The quietness of the simple country talk; the importance attached to trifling matters that a Londoner would hardly consider worth mentioning ; the indifference to topics Londoners considered just then all-absorbing — turned her thoughts into new channels in Bpite of herself. Old Mrs. Dawson gossiped away placidly aboot some of the people living round, whose acquaintance Mabel was to make in a day or two. Mild dissipations, in the way of croquet parties and picnicB, were planned. Nelly whs evidently devoured by anxiety lest her London friend should be bored for want of amusement ; while in reality Mabel looked forward with anything but pleasure to days spent in the society of people who, she felt instinctively, would be uncongenial to her. 'Nelly dear, don't think I' shall be dull with you,' she said at last. ' I wonld rather be quite quiet, really, if you don't mind. I should never be dull with you ; and If we could just be together, and go walks, I I should like that better than . a | 4 Well, then, to morrow we will explore i bit. Yon must see the village first. Oars is considered "a very piotureskew village, as one of the old ladies in the union told me one day when I was reeding there. She is such an old character. You have often heard me speak of old Mrs. Waioe, mother, haven t you? She is eighty -five years old, Mabel, and she has her sight and hearing still, and she does a great deal of needlework, and she likes to know what the fashions are, and she will knit you a pair of mittens for the winter.' ... ,, We will certainly go, psor old thing - said Mabel. _ 4 And now I wonder if you would be too tired to play to us a little,' said Nelly, presently. ' Just anything yon like. Mother is so fond of music, and I have often told her about your playing.' Mabel was not sorry to comply with tnis request. Music with her was a paBsion. She expressed in her playing all the romantic sentiment that formed so large a part of her character. As a matter of course Chopin was one of her favourite composers. She played some of the nocturnes with exquisite expres sion. while her hearers sat entranced ; but presently — half- unconsciouely as it seemed — her fingers passed uncertainly from one key to another, till at last they began the solemn, wailing chords of the Funeral March.' As she played it, the same strange and dreadful feeling crept over her as had seized her on entering the hon&e.; Her hands grew icy cold, the perspiration "broke out on her face. She broke off abruptly, and got up from the piano, apologising for her bad msmory, and saying she was not in the mood for playing that evening. At half-past nine the servants filed in for prayers, and then the candles were brought, and Nelly and Mabel went upstairs together. 4 Now ihen, dsar, what is wrong with you ? I have come in to hear all about it,' said Nelly, as she s; n\ the bedroom door. 4 Sit down in this arm-chair, and I'll take this stool a! your feet. I can Bee there is some" thing on your mind, yon look so absent and tired, I suppose it is a heart affection, isn't it?' I'm afraid it is, Nell. Put your bead in my lap, and I'll try and tell yon all about it.' Than came a long and embarrassed con fession, to which Nelly listened With eager attention. It was much the usual story. It began with where they met ; how they danced and sat out the whole evening ; what he said to her ; what she said to him ; how he used to listen to her playing by the hour together ; how he sought her on every occasicn, and had almost proposed to her once, only seme wretched individual burst in at the very moment, and how there was another girl very keen on bim, whose mother was a moet unscrupulous schemer ; and how he had gone off to Scotland shooting, and was staying at the house of these very people ; and how when be had called to say 4 good-bye' she had been out. Her fear was now that she should hear irom some ontsider that he was engaged. 4 And you know, Nell, I have no self control— I never had— and I should betray myself. I know I should show what a dreadful blow it was to me ; and then for anyone to see that I had cared for him i It would kill me, I think.' Nelly did ail she could to console her. According to Mabel's account, this other girl mast be 'a horrid thing,' who seed unlimited powder, dyed her hair, made up her eyes, and even smoked cigarettes. Her mother, too, was atrociously vulgar. 4 But they are rich, Nelly. I know they mean to catch him, and they will,' 4 Well, if he preferred such a girl as that to yon, let him go, Mabel. He isn't worthy of you. He is not the only man in the world. Bus I'm sure he must like you ; he oouldn't help himself, and I daresay he's just flirting a little with that other girl, and it will ail come right with you, I am sure. Yon mustn't be impatient ; these things take time. Now go to sleep, and get as strong and well as you can, while you are with us ; and when yon meet him again, and he sees your pretty face, the other girl won't have a chance. Now, good-night, and don't get up in the morning till I call yon.' Mabel felt immensely comforted by this talk. She looked at herself in the glass, and realised wish delight that she was really a very pretty girl, far prettier than the odious Miss Paterson. 1 Only she has money, nasty thing ! and men think so mnoh of that, and I am a pauper compared with her.' She had been so absorbed hy this con fidential chat that the strange feeling of terror that had possessed her had dropped into the background, and it was only when she put out her candle and got into bed that it flashed acrGS6 her mind with something of a shock. She shut her eyes determinedly, and tried to go to sleep. It was a fruitless effort ; she was hopelessly wide-awake. The sensation of waiting expectantly for some rapidly approaching event again possessed her. The long hours went on, and as they passed she grew more and more restless and sxcited, Every sense seemed strnng up to an agony point of expectation. At last she could remain in bed no longer. She got op, went to the window, and looked ont. It was a superb moonlight night. The great trees seemed asleep in the Bilenoe, so absolutely motionless were they ; their long black shadows were thrown across the grass. The little v river shimmered in the silver light ; there was not a cloud in the sky ; one oould have seen to read a letter by the cold, briiliant moonlight. Mabel stood a long time looking out on this divine calm ; at last, feeling ohilled, she turned away, and was getting into bed again, when, to her surprise, she heard the sound of wheels coming up the avenue — slowly — slowly— slowly. She hastily went to the window, drew back the blind, and looked out. What did this mean ? What could this be coming towards the house? Her heart gave a great bound and almost stopped beating ; the perspiration stood in beads on her face. What was this terrible black shadow thrown across the path, coming gradually nearer and nearer, creeping forward with such sinister slowness | Mabel oould hardly believe her eyee. It was a biirie j A hearse coming here, to this hou?T7t this time of night. What oould it mean? j Fascinated with horror, she tried to orv out ; but the strange, hoatBe ory tbat ; escaped from her dry lips was all tha | utterance left to her. | Still holding hack the blind with one | hand, she watched the great black horses ! slowly advance, till they drew up just under , her window. j The driver was sitting with his head bent j forward, his face averted. But. presently he turned towards her ; she felt he would look at her, but she 'wBs powerless to move. He slowly lifted up big face till his eyes met hers and looked full into them. For at least two minates she gazed down in those terrible eyes, then with a forea of will which seemed actually to rend her body, she tore herself away from the wiDd .w rushed to the bed, and hid her face in it palpitating from head to foot. After a horrible pause, during which she had to fight the most desperate impulse to so back to the window, she heard the heavy muffled sound of the wheels slowly drawing away from the house. She got up at l&Bfc; and looked out. There was only the still. »ees of the moonlight and the solemn beauty of the night. AU was si'ence and heavenly calm. 1 Heaven help me ! I am going mad ! 1 am going mad !' she said wildly to herself. She knelt down and prayed fervently, and gradually grew oalmer, but sleep was now impossible. That man's face ? To the last day of her life it would haunt her. She would know it anywhere — in the streets of London, in the solitude of the ccuntrv. She felt as if ehe would wither up and die under the glare of those unearthly eyes. In the rcorritig Nelly was absolutely shocked by her friend's appeiranoe. Pale, with black hollows under her eyes ; with feverish s parched lips and trembling hands; the girl looked cn the verge of a serious illness. She complained of a bad neuralgic headache, and did not get up till lunch time. She had decided not to say a word to Nelly of the vision of last night. No ocs would believe her, he felt assured; thsy would think she had lost her senses. She ventured on one little speech — she inquired if the house were not very old — and, with an attempt at a langh, asked if there was a family ghost in any shape or form. ' No,' Mrs. Dawson answered, in hex oheery, matter-of- fact way ; 4 the house was old, certainly, but there is not even the distinccicn of a haunted room in it. I do not oelieve in ghosts myself at all ; there is a great deal of foolish nonsense talked about them.' Mabel saw the necessity of keeping silence as to last night's revelation, if she did not wish to be regarded as a lunatic. She roused herself sufficiently to go with Nelly in the evening to a village near. Long after wards she remembered that walk with vivid distinctness. The cold mists were coming on as they passed through the fields and down an avenoe of grand old oaks. From the steeple of a quaint old ohnrch the bells were ringing for the evening service, and the sou ad of the water rushing through the little weir made a soft accompaniment. They crossed the worn stone bridge over the stream that flowed through the village, the water so clear that yon conld see the pebbles at the bottom. The sadness of early autumn was over everything ; near home they were burning weeds, and the blue smoke was curling up in the damp and heavy air. Mabel grew more and more quiet and depressed, and Nelly herself seemed to catch the infection, and made no attempt to break the spell of silence. In her own mind she was worried by the idea that her friend was dis appointed with their home, and tbat the stay that was to have been so long, would be probably shortened by one of those fictitious summonses that are a recognised means of ending a visit found to be tedious. The evening passed away in a melancholy fashion. As ten o'clock approached, Mabel felt bold shiverB of terror creep over her. Several times she was on the verge of con fiding her. fears to Nelly, and begging to be allowed to sleep with her ; she was too deficient in moral courage to do so, however, and though she felt when the bedroom door closed on her friend that her last hope was gone, she held her peace. She looked out. The night was not nearly so bright as the previous one had been ; derk clouds were hurrying across the sky, and the moon seemed vainly straggling to emerge from them ; the trees were tOBsing in the wind, and their restless shadows waved £crogs the window. But this was better than that awful stillness of last night, only the wind moaned and wailed so sadly down th6 great chimney. She got into bed, but no eleep refreshed her. A dog howled in the distance, and the strange feeling of horror orept over her again as she listened. She had left her candle alight, but so far from being a comfort to her, its dim light only made the dark shadows in the corners of the great room more mysterious and gloomy. At last, from sheer exhaustion, she fell asleep. A dream came to her ; she thought she had to stand at an open window, past whioh a never ceasing Brmy marched in rows of twenty abreast. Each man, as he passed, tnrned his face towards her, and looked into her eyee, while she was compelled by a force she conld not resist to search through each row of men as it filed by her for one faee. Oh 1 the aehicg misery of watching that dreadfnl procession, the endle&B; torture, the suspense, the horror of what would happen when the features she was searching for appeared, and those unearthly eyes looked into hers At last she felt it was coming ; in the agony of the moment a cry burss from her lips. She had sprang from the hed in her sleep, and, palpitating from head to foot, found herself standing by the window as before ; Bhe drew back the blind and looked ont. The moon .broke through the oloods, and sent a great flood of light over the drive. The hearse was there, waiting. The driver lifted up his eyes till they fastened themselves on here with a long, penetrating, sinister gase. Then he turned his fsoe sway ; tbe horses moveS <1b "flie olouis again the vision had Vanished? Que firm resolve tot possession at Mabel the grey morning light atote into the ,ooio. No fear of offsndiag he friend no fihama of epsaHng of what she had ex- pensnoed ; no earthly power should induce Sjjr to sleep w that house again'. ;$ felt she would eimply die on the spot weie sh« to pass through another Saohnight. Sue feept to her resolution ; she called Nelly in and told her every thing, announcing at the eatoe time her firm intention of returning to tnwn that afternoon. The story sounded foolish enough, told iu the praotioai dav- liaht : avsd she could see by Nell', di«Bp pointed and Inoredaiou face that she placed very little faith in it, except as a sign of dis« erd.ered health. Mrs Dawson and Mary, when informed h? Nelly of what bad happened, were more unmerciful iu their lodgment, And rather indignantly declared that the whole story v?as imiginary. Th8 faot was, Mary said that Miss Game found their simple way of Hviug too quiet for her, and had invented an esouse to get home. Mabel's looks pleaded for her bat she felt, when she said good-bye that afternoon, rather like a naughty girl in disgraoe, and relief at turning her faaok on that unlucky house was mingled with a feeling of shame sud regret as she looked at the estranged faces of her hostesses. Nelly drove her to the station, and watched the train off with a sad and re proachful face. The two girls parted with a cOiH of restraint. All these feelings of annoyance were for- poo:eu, however, when a few daye later Major Game wrote to say that hie daughter had beeo completely proetrate since her return, nud had been threatened with a nervous ?=ver. Change of soene was imperatively ordered by the dootors, and they were leaving for Switzerland almost immediately. Mabsl would be eo grateful if her friend N?ny would travel with them. Toe offer was accepted. Mrs. Dawson was completely mollified, and poor Mabel's terrible visicn was satisfactorily accounted for as the vagary of a mind unsettled by approaching illness. Chapter II. Many years later, Nelly Dawson, now a middle -aged woman, was sitting one after- noon in her bedroom, turning out an old de?k in which she kept her letters. One neatly -tied paeket was Mabel Game's coin tribntion towards the store. Nelly undid the tape, and leisurely went through the correspondence of years. Girlish, romantic effusions, the earlier letters were ; the later, mcru practical and serious. One, written straight from a glowing, happy heart, told (he news of her engagement to Captain Lawrence. All bad oome right, after all ; a i'ortunate chance of explanation had put things straight, and she was the happiest and luckiest girl in the whole world ; she waB frightened herself at her own happiness. Tne wedding was to take place very soon, and Nelly, of course, must be one of the bridesmaids. The date of this letter was sixteen years back, and Nelly went off into a brown study over all that had happened since it was written. :LShe opened another, bearing the Dublin post-mark, It told the news of the death of a little daughter—' the only child— and was hsart rending in its grief and dispair. Later letters bore the Indian post-mark, asd Mabel had now been in India many years, Nelly fancied that in these she oould Srace, between the lines,' an undercurrent o- bitter feeling and disillusionment. Major Lawrence's name was rarely mentioned, and fcbis omission looked ominous. Poor Mabal ! hers was not the temperament to bear the rubs and frets of life with forti- I de ; all emotion with her was intensified ; h 'ppinesa was ecstasy ; grief, hopeless Repair. Nelly, who bad never once seen her old friend since her marriage, oftea wondered li ow things were with her, and otten thought of her wilh tender and pitying affection. She took np another letter. Iu it Mabel wrote at length about the strange vision she had seen at the old Manorhouse. She noted every detail with extreme precision, and asked Nelly to take special care of this de scription, in case any future event might nrove it to have been a warning. At the s me time she begged her friend never to refer to it ; she herself had determined to it? to banish it entirely from her memory. Looking up from the faded page, Nelly saw a man walking up the avenue. As be came nearer ehe could distinguish the loc) postman with the afternoon letters. Pre sently her maid knooked at the door aad brought them to her— one, a thin, Indian letter— was in Mabel Lawrenae's writi «g ! ' What a strange coincidence, just as I was thinking of her 1' she said to herself as « be opened the envelope. This was what she read : Dsarest Nelly, — ' I have for some time past had a very great trouble on my mind, but I did not dare to speak of it to anyone. What I have gone through in keeping it to myself I conld never tell. You will be shocked, dear, to hear of it. and I have so little time In writing before the mail leaves that I must break it abruptly. My worst fears are true. I am suffering from cancer, and I am coming at onoe to London to undergo the operation that alone can save my life. A few days after yon receive this letter I shall be in towu. Booms will be taken for me in Brook street, where the operation will be per formed. 1 Nelly, my dear old friend, do, for Heaven's sake, give me the oomfort of your presence, L'-it me have your kind face to look at. Do. prr.y, pray, come to me. But I know yen «ill not refuse me. I know your kind bexr so well. My husband cannot leave ; I travel with my maid. I will telegraph the address direofly I arrive. You will oome, won't ycu ? — for the sake of old times. ' Your affectionate friend, Mabel.' A deadly foreboding struck, like the chill of an ioy band, to Nelly's heart as she read. When she was calm enough, she went m new«to "« and fcrt 11 dead 8ome years — London. "gemeate for going to twet Mk la!" She was driving ap to Brook roam8 W\r"?,wn aPs"» «w drawing- dostog. WiS I,ing 00 lh8 "oh> .0f ths aor ""Med her, and, uoi.£ £ ' min«,eS de,igW- l0. «»d ' / ePranK op, and, flinging her rms round her old friend's neck, sobbed "peaking' 8me minutes ithot" tnh'ri",6 droT Nel'y down beside her on aani.lt v. tae iwo women looked at glance. a loD8' loTinB> searching ® oalm» monotonous, eventless Sh« b altered comparatively little, has «?f 8rj7n ®fcoater, and her fresh colour «fll ®eAeaed-; b.ut sfaB had "ever altered the a,r» had never changed the style an£ lopkinS a her. it seemed impossible to Mabal to realise that fifteen years bad passed away since they last met. a20Dtler part» wa8 shocked beyond description at the change in Mabel, tier y6if' thiB' worn» and Hnad ; her eyes dull and despairing. She stooped, and her hair was streaked with grey. Mental suffering and the Indian climate had aged net till she looked at least ten years older SMi! ufSlIy waB She seemed to read the thoughts passing through Nelly's mind. Yes, I am terribly altered, Nell,' she said presently, with a smile more Bad and pathetic than any tears." Yon look just the same fat, conifer able, dear old thing— you don & look a day older. KisB me again, dear. Heaven bless you ! I knew you would oome to me.' Yes ; and I will stay with yon as long as you want me, poor darling.' They sat for some time silent, .grasping each other'i hands, Nellys presence seemed to have the old soothing effect upon her unfortunate friend, who was able presently to speak of her trouble, and to talk over the arrangements that had been made. The operation would take place in four days. One of the first London surgeons had undertaken the case ; a physician and nurse would be in attendance also. All she begged Nelly to do was to be with her on the day, to remain in the room while the chloroform was administered, and to let hers be the first face she should see when consoiousoess returned. 4 But sometimes I think I shall not wake up again. Once or twice I have had a strong feeling that I eh&il; die under the chloroform. ' Nelly tried to reason away the gloomy fears that came so thickly into the poor woman's distracted end terror-stricken mird ; and her cheering words and presence certainly Worked wonders. The physician, on calling the next morn ing, was surprised and pleased at his patient's improved appearance and calmer manner, H© recommended a drive in an open carriage, and they went round the Park. The sight of the old familiar spots, so unchanged, touched Mabel inexpressibly. She pointed oat, with tears in her eyes, one particular tree under whioh she had met Alfred, just when she thought everything was over, Poor woman ! Her eyes got feverishly bright ; her cheeks flushed with the excite ment of living over again the swe3t old time of youth, and love, and hope ! 'Oh, how happy I was then 1 how _ happy I was that day I' she exelaimed. ' I k&ew; the moment hs took my hand in his and looked in my eyes, that be loved me still. To-day, I am like a ghost visiting the hauntB of my former life — lor all the old things are passed away, Nell,' she added with inexpressible sadness, Nelly had not- ventured to ask her one qaestion about her married life, and she had not once, . till this moment, spoken of her husband. It was evident there was some unhappy estrangement. The next evening, when they were sitting together in the twilight, the story came oat. Major Lawrence for a long time had neglected his wife, had long oeased to care for her. He was carrying on an on limited flirtation with a girl who had lately, gone out, and who had made a dead set ' at him in the most delioerate fashion. It was the talk of the station, ' If I die, Nell, he will marry her. I want to live so, Nell; not that life holds any possible happiness for me, bat to keep her from him. If it were not for that, I would be glad to die, and rest, and not suffer any more. Don't look so horrified ; you don't know what I have gone through, and now it has come to this !' Mabel, dpar, don't cry so ! Yon break my heart. Poor soul ! poor soul 1' Nelly soothed and comforted her as best she could, and this passionate outburst seemed to relieve her ; she grew calmer after it, and passed a better night. The day before that fixed for the opera tion she grew more and more restless and excited. I felt so strange, driving along to-day,' she said. ' Everything was so unchanged, in the London streets ; the same shops, with the same names over them, that I remem- ber before I was married. All the years I was away, the same life going on day after day. It will all be going on just the same to-morrow and the next day. Shall I be alive then, I wonder ?! "'I will not have yon talk so, Mabel ; yon are going to put your trust in Heaven, and be a brave woman. Yon must control these morbid Ideas, and help the doctors to do all they can for you, by being calm yourself. Yon will feel absolutely no pain. Think how merciful that is ; and when it ia over, and you are strong enough, we will go quietly into the country together, and you will soon ge& your strength and your looks back again.' Not to Moreton, darling. Don't think me nnkind, Nell, bat I couldn't go there, I have never forgotten the agony of those two nights. I oonid sever sleep in that house again.' ' I would never EBk you to do anything you did not wish. But is it possible you have still such a vivid recollection of that curious fancy of yours V ' Fancy ! it was reality, as truly visible to my eyes then as you are at this moment, I was haunted by it for years.' ' And the man of your dream. Have you eer met bim in real life ?' ' Tb&nk; Heaven, no, for I have always felt tbat the moment his eyes met mine my death-warrant would be signed. I have been thinking of him so much just lately, I don't know why. I have never forgotten a feature of his face, I oould describe him now.' What was he like, then 1 Tell me.' ' He was very dark, with a black beard, a face lividlv pale ; something Indescribably sihister and unearthly about the expression of the face ; and the eyes — ob, the eyes were horrible ! — intensely dark and barn ing,' ' Oh, well, I hope I may never come across him. He does not sound prepossessing Was hs tail or short ? Oh, you oonid not tell that, of course, for he was driviug. Now, I'm not going to let you talk any more rubbish of that kind ; I'm going to read to you. Pas your feet up, and let ma fix this pillow for you.' After a time Mabel dropped off to sleep, lulled by the sweat voice of the reader. Nelly sat and watched the tired, pathetic sleeping faoe, so pale and sad, so lined and careworn, and fears began to oreep into her heart. , She was awoke that night by a piercing cry, and springing up, found Mabel gasping and wildly agitated. She had been dreaming of that dreadful man again, she had seen his faoe quite plainly. That was because you were talking so much about him this evening, and I am to blame for letting you do it,' said Nelly, dread fully distressed. Now -let me read you off to sleep again, and don't think of that abBUrd man any mere, or I shall get downright angry with you.' ' The dreaded morning dawned — foggy as November though it was Jnly ; a drizzle falling ; the streets greasy tvith mud ; every thing gloomy and depressing ; the air heavy and stifling, Mabel had always been excessively sensi tive to influences of weather, and this sultry oppression affected her at once. She drooped, and looked faint and exhausted. She sighed heavily as| the hands of the clock crept nesrer and nearer to the appointed hour ; bat Nelly's firmness and composure iran- quilised her, and she struggled bravely, and not unsuccessfully to appear calm. Everything was in readiness in the room where the operation was to take place, and at last th?re came a sharp knook at the street- door. Mbel turned deadly pale, and grasped Nelly's band with a grip that was painful. ; One or two knocks followed in rapid ; succession. The ordeal was at hand ; the I steps of the doctors oould be heard coming | up tne stairs, and their voioes in the adjoin ing room. The two women sat closely clasped together listening Over the mantelpiece there hung an old oil painting, representing our Saviosc i with the crown of thorns on His brow, with : upturned eyes heavy with sorrow and suffer ing, Mabel fixed a long gaze on it, and her own faee grew more oalm and resigned. Presently the nnrse game in, and wyth a quietly firm manner said : Everything is ready now, ma'am. Will yon came in I' Still tightly clasping Nelly's hand, Mabel walked in with tolerable firmness. The he .d surgeon came forward with a few kind and reassuring words. The physician took her hand, and introduced her to two younger men, evideotly students, who were standing by with disinterested faces. Oq a table near, the instruments were placed, and a cloth had bsen hastily thrown over them. In a corner of the room was another man, who had his back towards them, and who seemed busily engaged with something he had taken out of a black bag that was lying open before him. He had not turned round When the paiient entered, but slill wen on with his occupation. Mabel lay down on the mattress with desperate composure. The surgeon made some inquiry of the man iu the corner. Il was answered in the affirmative. Theo we will begin,' he said, This, Mrs. Lawrence, is Mr. Leslie, who will administer the chloroform to you.' The man bowed, and cams slowly forward towards the bed. He was tall, singularly pale, with a black beard, a remarkable expression of faoe, mysterious and unfathomable, and with the strangest eyes, Nelly thought, she had ever seen. A curious dull light seemed to come from the great pupils. She was so much engro&sed; in studying his features, with a vague wonder as to why fchey seemed familiar to her, that her attention wandered for a minute from the poor patient. Halfway across the large room, he stopped a moment. Then he oame straight up to the bad, with his eyes intently fixed on Mabel, as he advanced towards her. Nelly, who was about to stoop and give her friend one more kiss, and whisper just one last word of hope and encouragement, was horrified, on looking at her face, to see the ghastly change that had come into it. Her eyes were fixed with a fascinated glare on the eyes of the advancing man; every tinge of colour had left her cheeks and lips ; her hand in Nelly's grew like ice : her teeth chattered ; a tremor passed over her whole frame. Mabel, darling, be brave. You will feel nothing ; don't fear bo ; don't give way !' The poor woman's lips moved, and Nelly stooped down to catch what she said, in spite of the evident disapproval of the surgeon and physician, who were anxious not to prolong this trying moment. A hoarse voice whispered : ' Save me, Nelly, I shall die ! It is the man I saw at your house, the man who drove the hearse ! Save me ! save me 1' Mr. Leslie was now standing close to the bed, preparing to administer the chloro form. Nelly, perfectly distracted with conflicting thoughts of what was best to be done, began Hurriedly to &Bk; if the operation could not be postponed, if it absolutely must take, place to- day. She was sure her friend was not equal to it. The surgeon looked excessively annoyed. She was politely begged to leate the room ; 1 she was agitating the patient, for Whom quiet was essential. Postponement was impossible, as she most be aware. The door was held open ttfr her. She was fully conscious that h6r strange t&snner; and extraordinary request were put down to the violent and hysterical emotion of a tender hearted woman, unaccustomed to the horrors of an operating room. She still tried to appeal for postponement, urged on by the terror and despair of Mabel's eyes, which seemed to implore her to save her, and which followed her to the door with a dumb, agonised reproach as the nurse lefl her away. She rushed npstairs, and flinging herself down by the side of her bed, prayed frantically and vehemently. Oh ! the long time of suspense and agony ! Would it never end ? She was assailed by the keenest remorse and self- reproach. Ought she not at any cost to have stopped the operation, to have begged a few words alone with the surgeori, and to have told him of the superstitions terror affecting her poor friend ! Ah. yes ! that was what ought to havs been done, and now it was too late. If anything should happen, could she ever forgive herself? She felt almost an accomplice in & murder. The look in Mabel's eyes, as she turned away and left her, would haunt her to her dying day. The silence below grew horrible. ' How muoh longer would it last ? She paced up and down distractedly. It seemed an eternity < before she heard the sounds of stir and (Jbco motion in the room below — the windows flung open, hurrying feet, an agitated murmur of voioes. Someone ran downstairs very haetily. The street-door opened and closgd. Could it be over ? She leaned over the banisters, and listened with a beating heart and dry lips. There was a knook at the street door ; a quick, light step ran up the stairs and into the room. Cciald anything be wrong ? There was a seme o? calamity in the very air ; it seemed heavy with misfortune, An idea too terrible io be entertained took deeper root in her mind, bhe tried to thrust it from her thoughts, but it Came back with persistence and added strength. Was it merely a coincidence that the chloroform administrator resembled so startlingly the man Mabel had seen in her vision, or was ictbat the vision itself was a warning sent to her ? Mabel's words e&me; back to her : « I have always felt that the moment his eyes met mine, my death- warrant would be signed !' Tee suspense grew intolerable ; she could bear it no longer ; she crept dewa stair by stair and listened. A'.1 last the door opened, and the surgeon cams out, looking very pale and distressed. He took her by the hand, and in an agitated manner said : ' It is my painful duty to tell you to prepare yourself for very bad news, Your poor frieDd — pray try to be oalm 1 There must have been some latent, unsus pected disease of the heart. All bad gone well, when suddenly the pulse aeased. Every possible effort had been made to restore consciousness, but without effect.' 'You mean that she is dead 2' cried Nelly iu an agonised voice. ' She is dead.' 