FICTION. rrora En gi I ib, Amerlcnu, «ntl Other PcrtoHIcnl«. THE RIVALS. CHAPTER XXV. MB. ASPINWALL BECOMES UNEAST. It was later than usual, the next day, when Mrs. Houghtons coupe drove into the Rue de Blanc and stopped before the home of her servant, and the day being cloudy, it was almost dark as she alighted from the carriage. " Jacques, you may go in with me and carry this basket and wait until it is emptied, while I see how Annette íb ; that is, if you are sure the horses will stand quietly while you aro gone," Mrs. Houghton said to the driver. " Oui, oui, madam," and he pointed to .the heavy weight which he had attached to the bit of one of the noble creatures. " Very well ¡ wc will not bo gone long, Margie," Mrs. Houghton remarked to her daughter, and then the two disappeared within the house. " It will take them ten minutes, at least, to un- pack that basket," Margaret murmured, as she saw the door close after them, " I shall have time to do what I wish." The next instant the door on the opposite side of the coupe was opened, a slight, darkly elad figure stepped out upon the ground and sped nimbly across the street in the gathering gloom. She made directly for that narrow alley before mentionad, turned the corner, and passed quickly on until she carne to the third door on the left. She sprang up two or three stone steps, turned the handle, and tried to push the door open. It was locked as she had expected. She bent her head and put her ear to the keyhole to listen. There was not a sound within the building ; it was as silent as a tomb. She pressed her face close against one of the small diamond shaped panes of glasB which were upon each sido of the entrance, and tried to peer into the gloomy hall ¡ but all was dark as midnight and she could see nothing: She stepped back down the steps into the alley, and looking upward counted three windows, one above another, and a dormer above those ; showing that the building was more than three stories high. Then with a long drawn sigh, she glided like a sombre ghost from the place, sprang across the street beyond, and regained her seat in the car- riage, panting and frightened, just as her mother and 'the coachman reappeared from the houso of Annette's mother; the next inomenb they were driving toward home. That evening, a dismal, rainy night, Arthur ABpinwall made his appearance in the Houghtons* parlor at an early hour. He found them sitting cozily around a bright wood fire, and busily engaged in disposing of a basket of pop-corn in true New England fashion. It was one of those attractive, home-like pictures that do the heart good, and one that is seldom seen in the heart of a foreign city like Paris. .. .Margaret was perfectly lovely in a white cashmere neglige, with a full ruching of lace about her throat, and fastened with a cascade of white satin ribbons ; a heavy cord, with massive tassels, was drawn aboxtt her waist, while her golden hair was gathered into a careless knot at the back of her Bmall hoad fastened with a silver arrow. Her only ornament was that flashing diamond, with its guard, on the third finger of her loft hand. She sat on the right'of the fire, her small feet, incased in bewitching slippers of bronze, surmounted by black velvet bows, resting upon a handsome crimson hassock. She made a picture that an artist would have delighted in copying, and to Arthur Aspinwall nothiug had ever seemed so beautiful. "I got homesick enough to-to do anything almost desperate. I could not stay by myself another hour this dreary night," he said,' with a rueful face, as he came into the roora where this cheerful party was gathered. " You will think I am always lonesome or homesick," he added, flushing. " Then you did the right thing to come to us," Mr. Houghton responded cordially, as he arose to draw a chair forward to him. "Come and dry yourself and eat a dish of our Yankee pop-c?rn, then, if agreeable to you, we will have an old-fashioned game of euchre." " I should think you would get lonely, Arthur ?" Mrs. Hougton remarked, regarding him gravely. " What do you busy yourself about all day long ?" " Oh, I read, smoke, and look in upon the club, or drive on the boulevards." Mr. Houghton turned upon him suddonly and said kindly, though bluntly : " That kind of life isn't just the thing for a man of your years ¡ why don't you do something, Aspin- wall ?". "In what way?" 1 " Why, take up some employment-go into busi- ness-anything to make yourself useful." " What could I find ? I never did anything in my life in the way of work. I know nothing of business." " Try book-keeping." " I abominate figures." " Well, I'll set you at work ; yon write a good hand. I can give you plenty of copying." The young man shrugged his shoulders, thought a moment, then replied, indifferently : . "Thank you. I'll think of it and let you know my decision when Uncle Albert returns ; perhaps he may hare different plans for me." He glanced at Margaret as he spoke. She was regarding him fixedly, while there was an unmistakeable curl of contemplan her beauti- ful Ups, which brought a hot flush to his cheek. " Coafonnd it ! she measures everybody fcy that infernal puppy," he said to himself, wrathfully¡ " but if sho imagine* that I am ever going to make j a drudge of myself, as he has done, she is mightily mistaken." " J < " This fire is very comfortable, and the corn tastes 1 like »Id times at home," he said, to break the awk- 1 ward pause that followed his last remark, and to change the subject. " The night ia an ugly one i outside, but no one would ever dream of it here ; and now, if the rest of you desire, I believe I am ready for that game of euchre." " All right. Come, Margie ;" and Mr. Houghton sprang up, drew a small table into the glow of the fire, and arranged chairs about it. Seating himself in one he took a pack »f cards from a drawer ia the table, and began to shuffle them vigorously, for he was always eager for his favorite game. Margaret left her corner at the grate, came for- ward, and quietly slipped into the 6eat opposite her father. " Ah ! going to play with me, my lady ?" he questioned, with a fond glance into her fair face. " Yes, sir. I know too much to allow you and mamma to have everything all your own way," she replied, with a significant smile. Mr. Houghton laughed heartily as he began to deal, while Arthur, somewhat disappointed not to have Margaret for a partner, seated himself opposite Mrs. Houghton, and the play began. They played for two hours, and at the end of that time the count was in favor of the father and daughter. Margaret had seemed to concentrate all hei powers upon the game, and had joined bub very little in the general chat. " How much in earnest you are, Margie/' Artlvur observed, as he saw her perplexed face when once her father had " passed," and she was uncertain as to just what course she ought to pursue. She flashed a lightning look at him, and it seemed to him as if there was something of defianoe in it. "Of course I am in earnest. I ara playing against you witJt all my might. I am determined to beat you if Buch a tiling is possible," she an- swered. The words were lightly spoken, but, somehow, they affected him unpleasantly. They grated upon his nerves, and made him angry in spite of himself. But ho bent more close to his own work after that. " Whatever Margie does, whether it is work or play, Bhe does it with her whole heart," Mrs. Houghton remarked, as she observed that ho was stung by her remark. . But though they both did their best they were badly beaten, and, at ten o'clock, Arthur arose from the table more nettled than he would have been willing to confess. ^f'Sho.b was pretty well done, my lady fair," said MrlULHoughton, winding his arm about his daughter's slight waist..." I never knew you to play so well before." " Thank you, papa. It was 'diamond cut dia- mond' you know-when the enemy use keen weapons, wc need to sharpen our own," she an- swered, with downcast eyes and flushed cheeks. " I am afraid you have allowed yourself to get excited over the game ; you are almost in a feveifc" he said, touching her hot face anxiously. "Oh, no," Margaret replied carelessly, "the room has only been getting too warm," but she turned away from him as if the subject was dis- tasteful. " By the way, my friends," Arthur suddenly re- marked, " I came near forgetting something very important. Doubtless you all know that there is to be a grand fete here in Paris to-morrow." " Yes, great preparations are being made for it throughout the city-it will be a regular gala-day," returned Mr. Houghton. " Well, I have a programme here," Arthur con- tinued, taking a folded paper from his pocket, " and the route of the procession is all laid out. I noticed it is to pass through 1'Avenue de 1'Opera and directly past our rooms, which, as you know, are on a corner, and will therefore command a fine view of the whole thing. I had planned for you all to bo my guests for the day and enjoy the sights with me." "That was very thoughtful of you, Arthur," Mrs. Houghton observed, appreciatively, "and of course we cannot resist such a temptation. We will all come-I only wish Mr. Forest had returned to make one of our number. " I wish so, too," Arthur replied ; then, turning to Margaret, who had said nsthing regarding the plan, he asked : " Do you think you will enjoy it, Margie ?" " Oh, yes, I would like to see the procession ; doubtless it will be very fine-all glitter and sparkle, as these Parisians always are. I shall like too, to sec how you bachelors live," she added, ap- pearing to feel more interest in that than in the procession. " I did not suppose you ever gave a thought to that," he said, smiling. " I will come for you at ten, so as to avoid the crowd if possible." As he spoke he arose to go. " I seo you have not got over that lameness yet, Arthur," remarked Mrs. Houghton, seeing that he limped slightly in going toward the door. " No, not entirely-I always feel it more after sitting a long time as I have done to-night." He glanoed back as he spoke and was struck with the strange expression upon Margaret's face. She stood leaning forward, observing him in- tently, her head slightly bent, but her eyes fastened upon his feet, ber face pale, a look of cunning mixed with fear in her dilated eyes. As she felt his glance upon her she suddenly stood erect, and met it with a look that he was sure had a flash of triumph in it. The next instant she quietly remarked : " It is your left foot, isn't it, Arthur ?" " Yea, and I am getting out of patience with it for being contrary so long." "I should say you ought to have advice about it," she continued. "If you neglect it, the peculiarity of your gait may become permanent, and then, she added, more lightly, " If you should ever want to do anything wrong-commit a crime, for instance-it would be very easy to track you, no matter how you disguised yourself." The young man started, ftushed a quick, angry crimson, then grew as white as the collar about his neck. " Why, Margaret, what-what a queer thing for you to say," he atataimered. " What did you mean by it?" " Oh, nothing that need to alarm you, I hope ; only the idea struck me that it would be com- paratively easy to track any ona by such a pe- culiarity," she returned, composedly. " I still advise you to attend to it. It would have been wiser, though, if you had done so at the outset." He searched her faee keenly, but she had re- sumed her usual high-bred calm, and was carelessly toying with the silken cords that fastened her robe. There was a frown upon his brow as he bade Mr. and Mus. Houghton good-night, and he would have gone without a word to Margaret if she had not come forward of her own accord, and with a smile that he had no power to resist, said ¡ " Arthur, you have not brought me your keys yet. I am waiting to take the impression of some of them. Have I treated you so badly to-night that you wish you could lack me up with one of them ?" " Lock you up ?" he repeated, like one dazed by the question. Then recovering himself, and smiling back into the innocent cyos raised to his, he continued : " No, indeed, Margie j but I forgot the keys. I will show you some to-morrow, however, and you can select for yourself." And with a brief good- night ho departed. " Margie, what a queer thing for yon to say about Arthur's lameness," Mrs. Houghton re- marked, chidingly, after he had gone. *' And about his being tracked for crime !" "Perhaps it was," she answered, indifferently, *' but you know the old adage, mamma, ' idleness leads to crime.' Arthur Aspinwall is a very idle young man ; whether he is above being led into anything worse remains to be seen." "I am afraid you aro growing uncharitable, Margie." " Perhaps I am, mamma," and Margaret vanished for the night, leaving Mrs. Houghton deeply per- plexed over her very unaccountable manner that evening. (To le continued.) ». 