Bible Teaching in Scnoois. ?The report en this year's esamination in Scrip ture -knowledge which has been submitted to the London School Board by their inspectors is an elaborate one. It appears that the number of children examined this year was 222,021, as com pared with 211,297 in 1SS6. In 1S80, 127,501 children were presented for examination, and from that time till the present the numbers have steadily increased. After giving- various details of the examination, the examiner whose signature is affixed to tho report, thus summarises the result of Bible teaching in Board schools .- — ' Taere is no evading the conclusion that in the past this subject has not, in all schools, received the attention 'which is due to it. There is a tendency to curtail the length of the lesson fey overlapping with ordinary work, and if necessity compels that a child must lose a lesson it is the Bible lesson w hick suffers. It is not uncomrcon even now to find that a teacher has picked out the backward children and placed them in a corner of the room, under a monitor, to practise reading or arithmetic, while the Bible lesson is being given to the reuminder.' Some of the answers given to questions show that children are not all alike — there is a certain proportion who think things out and draw their own conclu sions. Exaznples of this are given in the report. To the question, ' Wfaat lessons may we learn from the story of the death of John the Baptist ?' some curious answers were ariven. each as — ' We should not give parties ;' 'We should not dance;' 'Men should never marry widows;' ' When ire give parties we should do everything to please our visitors j' 'If we try hard we shall always get what we want.' A question given to the children in Standard V. was to narrate the call of SamueL These children were ail picked, so, in considering the answer, one can but wonder what the rest of the children can be like when one says, ' Samuel was a very good man, and he had a son, and his name 'was Joseph ; and Joseph was a very good boy, like his father Samuel ; and Samuel loved the Lord Jesus Christ, and Samuel was a very good man ; about the life of Samuel is in Genesis.' Another answer thus describes the descent of the Holy Ghost : ' The Holy Ghost was taken up into heaven when the clouds were opened. And God took, him up, but the people wondered how he could have been taken up. But he was taken up by the spirit of God.' The phrase (eo states the report), ' Not with eye service as men-pleasers,' was variously given — thus, ' Not with thy servants as men pleaseth/* ' Not as thy service,'' ' Not with I serface,' ' Not with high service as men please us.' One inspector states : — ' It is evi dent that the repetition is too often mechanical and careless ; and the explanation is frequently neglected. ' Singleness of heart ' has a, meaning for a minority only. f Smailness of your heart/ ' A nice smooth heart,' ' Afraid of your heart/ ' Servants ought not to rnl&rry;/ ' If you see a poor beggar in the street give him a copper/ these and many like them are evi dently attempts to explain on the spur of the moment. Nor are carelessness and want of proper explanation confined to the repetition. 'The disciples heard a Eussiaa. mighty mind/ 'Tons of fire rested on the head of the disciples/ 'They preached every language in the world at once' — such statements would look bad as casual blunders, but, coming from picked children, the pride of their teacher, what are we to think of the teaching? Still more displeasing are the answers that point to a loose or irreverent style of lesson, such as, ' Samuel was pew- opener — he dusted the Temple and turned out the lights/ cHe came down stairs/ * Eli was sitting on a gate/ 'on a post/ ' on a fence/ ' on a style/ ' he said, ' Go to thy bed and sleep, thou art a faithful lad ?' and he ?walked in God's steps ever since.3 ' 