Fa^Miagtoa Intelligence. The meeting called on Monday night to con sider the disgraceful state of Oxford-street was called none too tjoon, for it has been on several occasions literally a sea of mud. The ratepayers might, however, continue their exertions and endeavor to bring about a little uniformity in the asphalting of footpaths, as many are in a dis graceful and dangerous condition. It is amusing to watch the antics of parsons trying to catch the tram pr attempting %o cross the road without completely spoiling the appearance of their boots. A laughable incident occurred at the junction of Glenmore-road and Oxford-street afewdays since. A gentleman was attempting to reach the tram, and was endeavoring to fathom the depth of the mud with his stick, which must have rested on a stone which was just beneath the surface, and thinking all wa3 safe, stepped on it. When lo, the stone overturned, and landed him over his' boots in mud, Need it be said that he prayed for the aldermen. A fine hotel has lately been opened s.% the junction of Begent^street and Moor* Park-road.. One great wajat here is a readier means than those now available for getting from Paddington and Woollahra to liandwick. Now travellers must go right round to Botany-street at Dar linghurst, or the . Eandwiek-road at Moore Park, making a Jong circuit; ia either case. What is wanted is a road to be a continuation of Oatley road, or Regent-street, crossing tjie present rifle range, and passing by the side of the Association Ground, and continued onward lilj it joins the IJandvick-road near the site of tbe tollbar. A fine row pf shops, thirteen ip number, lias iately been completed in Oxford-street, near Elizabeth-street:, but up to the present time the owners hate only succeeded in, letting three of them, A grand ethiopian entertainment was given last evening in fcit. Matthias' School-hall by the lyanhoe Amateur Minstrels, as a complimentary benefit to Lance-corporal Adamson, a member of the Band of the Second Sediment, and was under the distinguished patronage of Colonel Goodlet and officers of the Second Regiment Volunteer Infantry. It was one of the most successful con certs ever given in Paddington, the hall being packed. Mr. 5. Brown acted as interlocutor, with Pred. j. Phillips and £; Weilg as bones and tarnbo respectively. The first part opened with an overture by Mr. H. Mason aud company : a comic song by Mr. Phillips, ' Have You Seen EterV1 and a Jubilee epmio Eong, w Hush kittle Baby,' by ii- Wells, were received 'with great applause. The firgt part terminated with a mirth provoking farce, the '' Padcbngtou Ghost,' acted py Messrs. Wells, Phillips, and Musgrave. The sepond parf; opened with 4 musical selection by (Second Regiment Band, and the company ren dered a JaiigliaWe PJe^e e&jied; ' The Pad-iington Jubiiee Warriors,' Messrs. Seale, Jlesleuce, and ginith sang the trio '-* Ye Shepherds TeU Me-' The -evening was brought to a cjps.e with a farce, ' Fun in toe Surgery,' rendered by Dr, KiUall, Mr. p. Browns Peta (boy), g. Weilg; Peter Tjtjmkin (pafienfc), Ered. J. Phillips; an4 Gus t%vui Gabriel (patient), T, Q. Igdinandspn. The f ollovring aleo took part -.— rMesjts,. C-. Beale, S. gmith, C Mitchell, A* Wsbb, g. ^Mshan, E, Hearna, ftfiji g- Bfcncb|i,rd,, ? Baii.obs' 'Fbee Coitoeet. — The concert-room of the Sydney Bethel Union was packed on Wed-. nesday night with sailors and others, and large numbers were unable to gam admission. After a few introductory remarks from t&e; sailors' minister (Bev. William Bradley), Mrs. A. Dickson played a choice selection of music on the piano forte. ' This was followed by ' The Convict's Farer well to England/' Mr. Joseph Johnson ; -l Dublin Bay,' Miss Lena Dwy«r; ?f Bashful Man,'* Mr. Samuel Eogers; solo on the' bonea, Mr. W. Bowers? f- A Soldier and, a Man,' Mrs. A. Dick son ; -' F^nny.' Mr. C. iEenriclf; ' Kitty WeUs,' Mt. Cupitt; ^Crackpot in the City/' Mr. 'E. Whiohers^ Come Back t* your Irish Home,' Mr. A. VanTiena&{ solo on the harmonipan, Mr. 3\. Johnaoa 1 '?- I'll Await my £iov«,J- Mies Dwyer } and 'Golden Wedding,' Mr. Thomas Nolan. Mm. Dlokson and Mi. Eenrick discharged the duties of sccompanists. ' - ? 