| "RUDDyGORE: OR, THE WITCH'S i CURSE." ! SOME TIT-BIT,3 FROM THE LIBRETTO. ! [From our fcSpscial Correspondent.] London, January 27, 1887. j " Ruddygore : or, The Witch's Ourse," Is, if one includes "Thespia" and "Trial by Jury," the tenth of the comic operas written in collaboration by Mr. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan. Such a pheno menal series of successes has never before been known in theatrical history. Eight of the works are favorites in every quarter of the globe, and the tenth and last, I can safely prophesy, will be at least equally popular. "Ruddygore" more nearly resembles "The Sorcerer" than any other of the Gilbert «fc Sullivan series. The first act is as nearly perfection as possible. It goes with a verve and swing that disarms criticism, and prevents one thinking till later how simple are the materials employed. Owing partly to a frightfully long interval and partly to the fact that both actors and the applauding portion of the audience (boxes, pit, and gallery) were dead tired, the second act on Saturday night lagged somewhat, and there was a narrow escape of the curtain falling on an anti-climax. In reality, how ever, this second act is quite as funny as its predecessor, and on Monday even ing it played equally well. Comparisons where these Savoy successes are concerned are not merely " odorous" but dangeruos. The press thought the "Mikado" a fall ing off on "Princess Ida," yet the "Japanese opera " ran just twice as long as the "respectful travestie " of Tenny son's poem. The press now pronounces "Ruddygore" a falling off from "The Mikado." Well, I can only say I don't agree with the verdict. During the week I have been to see. the new "original supernatural opera "at the Savoy twice, and on each occasion I enjoyed myself most thoroughly. Sullivan, at any rate, has surpassed himself. The story of "Ruddygore" is to the full a6 whimsical as any of its predecessors. When the curtain rises it discloses a charming set representing the Cornish fishing village of Rederring, with a bevy of pretty girls in the quaint short-waisted dresses of the latter end of George lll.'s I reign, singing merrily. This is the Rederring " endowed corps of pro fessional bridesmaids," which has been retained by the local authorities to be ready to grace the nuptials of the village beauty, Rose Maybud, which are ex pected to take place momentarily, i " Every day" (they sing) : As the days roll on Bridesmaids' garb we gaily don, i Sure that a maid 80 fairly famed j Won't very long remain unclaimed. But, alas ! the girl is obstinate and won't select a husband from her many suitors. The bridesmaids have been on duty ready to sing, "Hail to the bride, &c.;," at the faintest encouragement from 10 to <4 for the last six months, and are beginning to fear that unless the right man comes soon this corps will be disendowed. Rose herself, a prim little puss, now appears, and tells us that (aftor the manner of properly constituted heroines in melodrama) she is a foundling. As a bubo she was hung in a plated dish-cover on Lho knocker of the workhouse door with nought but a change of baby-linon and a book on etiquette. This hallowed volume she values above all earthly tilings, and refers to continually for guidance through out the play- Thus when the elderly Dame Hannah hints at Rose's preference ' for Farmer R-obin Oakapplo tho young lady consults her book on etlcpsetteto ascertain if love is quite correct. Her doubts are expressed vocally in a delight ful ballad, of which the following is a verse: If some-body there chanced to be Who loved me in a manner true, My heart would point him out to me, And 1 would point him out to you. (Rejcfriwi to bode.) But hc-re it says of those who point, Their manners mu-.t be out of joint You may not point You m u.s' not point It's manners out of joint, to point: Had I the love of such as he, Somejquiet spot he'd take me to, Then he could whisper it to me, And I could whisper it to you. (Referring to book.) But whispering, I've somewhere met, Is contrary to etiquette: Where can it be ? CSearching book ) £ owlet me see (Finding Yts, Yea! It's contrary to etiquette! The bashful young farmer, Robin Oak apple, is (like all properly constituted heroes of melodrama) really somebody else, and a very terrible somebody else too-none other in fact than the head of the accursed house of Murgatroyd. The first baronet of the line, it seems, who lived in James I. 's time, got his progeni tors into sad trouble through an evil habit of burning witches. Sir Rupert Murgatroyd His lei.ure and his riches He ruthJeesly employed In persecuting witches. With fear he'd make them quake He'd duck them in his lake He'd break their bones With sticks and stones, And burn them at the stake 1 This sport he much enjoyed, Did Rupert Murgatroyd No sense of shame Or pity came To Rupert Murgatroyd! Once, on the village green, A palsied hag he roasted, And what took place. I ween, Shook his composure boasted, Tor, as the torture grim Seized on each withered limb, The writhing dame 'Hid fire and flame Veiled forth this curse on him " Each lord of Ruddygore, Despite his best endeavor, Shall ao one crime, or more, Once every day for ever! This doom he can't defy However he may try, For should he stay His hand, that day In torture he shall die The prophecy came true : Each heir who held the title Had every day, to do Some crime of import vital; Until, with guilt o'erplied, " I'll sin no more !" he cried, And on the day He said that say, In agony he died! To avoid the effect of the curse Robin (or rather Sir Ruthven) explains that he lied. To an old retainer who addresses him as Sir Ruthven, he saysTwenty years ago in horror of inheriting that hideous title and with it the ban that compels all who succeed to the baronetcy to commit at least one deadly crime per day for life, I fled my home and concealed myself in this innocent village under the name of Robin Oakapple. My younger brother Despard, believing me to be dead, suc ceeded to the title and its attendant curse. For 20 years I have been dead and burled. Don't dig me up now. Robin's foster brother, Richard, a man-o wars-man of the true " Pinafore" type, now appears on the scene (just arrived home in H.M. schooner Tom Tit), and trolls" out a lively ballad, which ends in a hornpipe, and will be one of the great favorites of the piece. _ It describes an encounter between the little Tom Tit and I a large French frigate. The French want I to fight, but the Tom Tit, out of pure compassion for the "poor Parley-voo," refuse to, sailing away instead. _ The " d'ye see 2" is extraordinarily effective. Then our captain be up and he says, says he, "That chap we need not fear We can take her, if we like, She is sartin for to strike, For she's only a darned Mounseer, ? D'yesje? She's only a darned JTounsesr ! But to tight a French fal-lal-it's like hittln' of a p;al Its a lubberly thing for to do ; For we, with all our faults, Why we're sturdy British salts, While she's only a Parley-voo, D'ye see? A miserable Parley-voo Robin confides his love for Rose to Richard, likewise his bashfulness. A song follows, which was evidently written specially for Mr. Grossmith (Robin). He delivers it, of course, inimitably. My boy, you may take it from me, That of all the afflictions accurst With which a man's saddled And hampered and addled, A diffident nature's the worst. Though clever as clever can be A Crichton of early romance You must stir it and stump it, And blow your own trumpet, Or, trust me, you haven't a chance, If you wish in the world to advance, Your merits you're bound to enhance, You must stir it and stump it, And blow your own trujapet, Or, trust me, you haven't a chance! Richard agrees to plead Robin's cause with Rose, but on seeing the damsel fallB in love with her himself and basely pro poses. Rose is much embarrassed, but has recourse to the' book of etiquette. \ When, however, Robin reproaches Rose j with her faithlessness she repents, and | shows signs of returning to him. On this Richard resolves to publicly disclose ; Robin's identity with that of Sir Ruthven I Murgatroyd and to oblige him to fulfil the I obligations of the curse. An infamous j person compelled to commit a crime a day Rose (he prides himself) .could never marry. i 1 he present head of the family, the sombre Sir Despard Murgatroyd, with | his gang of bucks and blades meanwhile arrives at Rederring from the family seat of Ruddygore to abduct Rose Maybud, this being his crime for that day only. Sir Despard's description of himself is in the best Gilbertian manner. His hands, he tells the populace, are steeped in infamy, but his heart is as the heart of a little child. '' But what is a poor baronet to do when a whole picture-gallery of ancestors step down from their frames and threaten him with an excruciating death if he hesitate to commit his daily crime ? But, ha ! ha! I am even with them ! I get my crime over the first thing in the morning, and then, ha ! ha ! for the rest of the day I do good-I do good -I do good ! Two days since," 1 stole a child and built an orphan asylum. Yes terday I robbed a bank and endowed a bishopric. To-day I carry off Rose May bud, and atone with a cathedral 1 This is what it is to be the sport and toy of a Pic ture Gallery ! But I will be bitterly re venged upon them ! I will give them all to the Nation, and nobody shall ever look upon their faces again." The first act ends with Richard's dis closure of Robin's identity, and the latter's misery at finding himself com pelled to admit that he is Sir Ruthven. Sir Despard, on the other hand, is over joyed at being at last able to live a blame less life and die regretted by all who knew him. He resolves to turn Intensely respectable, and wed Mad Margaret, an erratic damsel whom his crimes have driven mad. This finale includes a madri gal, a gavotte, and a duet, which are amongst the finest things bullivan has ever written. The whole ends with a rollicking chorus and dance that brought down the house. The second act takes place in the picture gallery at Ruddygore. Here we find Robin no longer mild and bashful, but loud and truculent as becomes the " bad Bart." For thirty-flvo years I've been sober and wary My favorite tipplo'Ciime straight from a dairy 1 kept guinea-pigB and a lieljdun canary A »i|uirrel, white mice, and a small black and tun. 1 on the (lute, and I drank lemon squashes I u oic elmmois leather, think boots and macintoshes, Ai.it thing* that will some day be known as goloshes, The type of a highly respectable man ! I'm- thu rest of my lifo 1 abandon propriety VUit, the hiumta of Bohemian society, \\\ a.wvorlvM, and other resorts of impiety, 1'Iaeed by tho moralists under a ban. My \vayn must be thoso of a regular eatyr, Ai earryings-on 1 must be a first-rater Uo ni^ht after night to a wicked theayter- | It's hard oil a highly respectable man . Well, the man who has spent the first half of his On all the bad deeds you can bracket together, TtiL'ii £009 and repents-in his cap it'8 a reaDrier Society pets him as much m it can. It's a comfort to think, if 1 /iow t'Q * cropper, I shan't, on the whole, have done more that a iffi< proper Jhau he who was once an abandoned tip-topper But now ia a highly respectable man 1 Unfortunately the crimes Robin commits are not wicked enough to satisfy his ancea* tors, who descend from their picture* frames at midnight, and headed by the spe cially atrocious Sir Roderick (Ruthven's uncle), call him to account. A blood curdling ballad by Sir Roderick (as senior ghost) signalises the spectre's advent. This is the opening verse When the night wind howla in the chimney cowls, and the bat in the moonlight flies, And inky clouds, like funeral shrouds, sail 0% or the When1 the8footpads quail at the night-bird's wail, and black dogs bay at the moon, _ , , , , . ,h Ihcn is the spectre's holiday-then is tne ghosts h t, noon 1 " , i. i CHORUS- Ha. ha; t Then is the ghosts high-noon : The dialogue between the ghosts and their hapless descendant is genuinely humorous. Robin at la°t agrees to abduct Rose May bud, but owi-ij +o a blunder his retainers carry off old Dame Hannah. The latter is in a line frenzy and frightens the young man so that he calls on his ancestor Sir Roderick for help. Sir Roderick rises half way through the floor in clouds of red fire, but instead of the dame being frightened she recognises him as her old lover, " Roddy-doddy," and persuades him to " come up " for a talk. The piece ends with an opportune dis covery on Robin's part: ROB.-I can't stop to apologise-an idea has just occurred to me. A baronet of Ruddygore can only die through refus ing to commit his daily crime. ROD.-No doubt. ROB.-Therefore, to refuse to commit a daily crime is tantamount to suicide ! ROD.-It would seem so. i BOB. -But suicide is itself a crime-and so, by your own showing, you ought none of you to have ever died at all! ROD.-I see-I understand ! We are all practically alive ! ROB.-Every man jack of you ! ROD.-My brother ancestors ! Down from your frames ! (27te Ancestors descend.) You believe_ yourselves to be | dead-you may take it from me that I you're not, and an application to the Supreme Court is all that is necessary to prove that you never ought to have died at all! t (The ancestors ertihrnee the bridcsriuuds.) Enter Richard and Rose, also Despard and Margaret. ROB.-Rose, when you believed that I was a simple farmer, 1 believe you loved me ? ROSE-Madly, passionately! ROB.-But when I became a bad baronet, you very properly loved Richard instead . Ro."ffi-Passionately, madly ! ROB.-But if I should turn out mi to be a bad baronet after all, how would you love me then ? ROSE-Madly, passionately! ROB.-As before ? ROSE-Why, of course ! ROB.-My darling 1 (They embrace.) The notable vocal pieces in the second act include a charming ballad, "Grant thou my prayer," for Rose; an old English air with the refrain, " Sing hey, Lackaday," for Dame Hannah; a pattec trio, " So it really doesn't matter" (three times encored), for Robin, Despard, and Mad Margaret; and a whimsical duet for the last-named pair, "They were the victims of circumstances." Of the acting of "Ruddygore" I need only say it was as good as the effort3 of the world-famous company and Mr. Gilbert's drilling could make it. Mr. Grossmith does not fit the parts of either Robin or Sir Ruthven over well,, but Mr. Rutland Barrington, whether in the character of the wicked Sir Despard or the reformed Rev. Despard is scream ingly funny. The triumphs par excel lence of- Saturday were, however, Miss Jessie Bond's Mad Margaret and Mr. Durward Lely's man-o'-wars-man,Richard - Dauntless. The latter acted with extra ordinary vivacity, and his constant references to his "honest 'eart' for "uidance in contemplated rascalities evoked shouts of laughter. " M# 'eart, it says to me, it says, 1 'Dick, my boy' (it calls me Dick 'cos it's known me since I was ababby"), or ("it calls me Dick 'cos we was at school tergether"), or (" it calls me Dick 'cos its entitled to take that familiarity"), &oa.; Equally quaint are the chorus of " en dowed bridesmaids" who on the faintest symptom of love-making between any pair on the stage, place their hands be hind them like charity school girls, and. burst shrilly into Hail to the bridegroom-hail the bride, Let the nuptial knot be tied. Mr. J. C. "Williamson has, I am informed* the colonial rights of " Ruddygore, which will be produced in Melbourne forthwith. 