MUSWELLBROOK NOTES. 4 [FEOM OUR ConuKsroNDiiax.] Deaths. — has again visited the gricf etricken family of Mr Major. On Wednes day morning his daughter, aged 16, suc cumbed to the terrililedipbthcrin. This Uthc third member of the family that has diod from this cause in three ivee-a. Two m?re members are in a critical condition. I';aEON Match. —Mr O. lllunt intendo giving a £20 Cup to tho winner of the pipoon match at Overton on August 22nd. Destuotino PaoruuTY. — During tho Council meeting on Wednesday evening, Aid. Jeans askod the Mayor if any atepa had been taken to prosecute the water carrier, who broko tbo rails leading to the water works. It appears that the offender had no ticket, and the lad in charged cocked the rails to prevent his escaping without pay ment. He deliberately backed his cart and smashed them. It was decided not to prose cute in the present case, but in future eimiUr cases will be dealt with in a strict and summary manner. A Want, —At tho Council meeting oa Wednesday evening, ono of tho representa tives of tho press pointed out to the asae'nbltd Conncil that its bu?inn.B was considered important enough to induce throe reporters to be present. Still there was not a table on which they could lay their paper, etc. Tho robuko was certainly deserved, and it is to be hoped that in future a table will bo supplied to the " Press." Bt'LLi Fund.—'The following letter has been recoived by tho Mayor:—"Sydney, 2Sth July, 1887.—5. J. Dowell, Kan.; Mayor Muswellbrook, Chairman Local Committee Unlit Uelief Fund. Dear Sir, —Ie affords na much pleasure to transmit yoa, as in structed, an unanimous voto of thanks from the central committee for tho generoim contribution of £117 lls7d collected in aid of thu above fund in your di?trict, by your energetic committee. Deeds similar havi boen done throughout nur lslo to help tbe helplei!", yot thia not a whit lessens that wrought by the rctiidcrit- of yonr locality. May you never again bo called upon to dig charge a like obligation is the wiah of yours obediently, Ki>\v_l) J. 11. KNAl'l*. t.'.ico, Hamilton, Joiut lion. *SecB." Death. — I buve regretfully to chrouicte another visit from the '-grim king" who spareth ueithur age nor rank. On Friday morning Mr J. Thomas, tho proprietor of the B.w mills, passed nwny niter an illauss of but two or three days. Tho deoeaued, who was wqll and favourably known, was a resi dent here for oany years. GllO?Tfl.—-Several residents in Brook-street haro lately eeon n number of '* Ghosts." Tho first of theso "spiritual visitants" was soon on Wednesday night, nnd wns ?n oxcoption to tho usual "form" of apparitions, Accord to tho aight soors, it wns n dog nbont fiye foot high, with nn imravnso tall, and no head I Tho trio who saw it nro positive on the point of its being there, nnd woll, 1 fnney they arc victims to an ovorgorgo of cold potatoes. lUh.t.-—On Friday night the horse attached toPalothorpe's delivery van cleared out from the stnbla in Market-street, Ho turned out of this street into Sydney-street, but fortu nately ho had n clear track, and seemod bout only on breaking record. Ho went clonor to breaking his nock, as ho failed to leave snfliciont room between tho wheel of the vehicle and the korbstoue at the junction of the Maitland road, the result being that tho cart wns upset. No daiuago to either horse or vehicle resulted. On Inst Sunday night the snmo animal, while attached to a buggy, seem suddenly struck with the idea that ho could ?* leap " a fence. Anyhow, ho j tried and got over safely, leaving tho buggy j on the opposite side. Such a homo saves a j waste of timo by assisting to detach himself from tho vehicle, and the ouly thing he needs is a " cleared track" when ho gets going. Wbathkii.—On Wi-dnendny lust, thote was a largo cloud of dust paying or taking n flying visit through our towu Wa Bridge street. Clean! v house wives, of course, closed the doors until this anything bnt p'ensant " result of atmoipharicnl influence" hnd passed. Greater proof of rain not having fallen for some timo conld not bo ncodo.l, nnd tho "Clerk of tho Woath?r"bns evidently tnken tho hint, for next day tho sky was overcast with dark, and watory looking clouds; hut, with lho excoitioaof a mist.no ruin fell. On the following day ono or two slight showers descended. " Thero is plenty of rain knocking about, I kr.ow it," Is tho gonornl cry up herr. Although it is such a short lime since wo woro crying out "Too much rain," another supply would not bo amiss just now. Lani? Sale,—By Government Gazette U appears that n snie of Crown Lands will tako plnco hero on tho 17th and 24th of this month, nt tho Court House, HosrtTAL.—A lad nnmod Losmnn was admitted into the abavo institution during the week, suffering from a broken log. Owing to the sweilen state of tho injured limb, no steps could bo taken to sol tb'? bono until tbo followinit day. Tho injury was caused by Lcaman being thrown from his horse. Biru? Cluh.—Tho firing of tho second stnga for the prizes mentioned in your issue of Wednesday will be continued to-morrow, weather permitting. In tho i?sno referred to " Lance-Corporal Sparko " should rend " Lance-Sergeant Kp&rke;, 1 ' a mistake I was guilty of through my Ignorance of military rank. Tknukb.—Tho Inrito and stagnant shoot of water nt the huso of Campbell's Hill, is to lw drained off. Teodcrswofocallodfortho carry ing out of this work, but on tho night of Council meeting only one tender was received, anp this was considered too high to accept. Fresh tenders woro called during tho week, and several tend rs were rccoivod. Mr C. Clendoning's tendor, for £6, was accepted. August 10th, 1887 