OUR LONDON LETTER (FK.01I our special correspondent ) J ulv 29. The naval review went off gloriously. Mr Adye Douglas, Mrs Douglas, and Miss Douglas were on board the Malabar, and had a fine sight. Mr Francis Smith, Mr G. Walker, Mr M. Collins, and Dr Bed ford were present. Tlie specimens of gold-bearing ore from Mount Lyell have come to hand, and are now in the office of the Agent-General. ixiw guia is quite visiDle to tne naked eye. This is a very flat time. The weather Is glorious, aDd everybody is very natu rally longing for countiy or coast. I have just had a letter from Mr Douglas B. W. S!aden, whose new volume, ' Edward, the Black Prince,' is attract ing mnch notice. He has been selected, and very properly, to prepare a volume in the Canterbury Poet serits for Messrs Griffith and Farrar of selections from distinctive Australasian poetry. Mr Sladen has juBt had news of the death of his aunt, Dame Harriet Amelia SladeD. To give her strictly technical title, the widow of the well- known Sir Charles Sladen, the Leader of the Melbourne T.onr;ulo4-;**» £ ? ? ? uo6,aia',c vuuliuu so many years. Mr Sladen, by the way, is just going to Devonshire to collect materials for a new work a play, in fact — on some episodes in the life of Sir Walter Raleigh. Sir Arthur Blyth goes next week to Norway and Sir Francis D. Bell with Lady Bell are about departing to Alpine scenes. In a word, everybody is on the wing. Neither Sir Saul Samuel nor Sir F. D Bell went further in their postal mission than Paris. I am told that although the French authorities promise full 'con- sideration,' no redaction on the transcontinental rates is at all likely to bo granted. There is soma talk of Sir John Goist aud Sir Drummond Wolff being given Colonial Governorship. If so it ia not unlikely that there will be a move all round. Tliis however, is only a rumor. London is growing very 'empty,' that is in a con ventional and fashionable sense. The two blue books just out giving the proceed ings of the late Colonial Conference abound i i interest, and I notice strengthen very much the hands of those who think with me that the present postal rates are much too high. Everybody here, that is everybody colonial, rcjoices at the excel lent Budget that Mr Gillies has just delivered. Victoria is evidently going ahead. I had quite lately a chat with Sir Graham Beriy on the past events of his political life in Victoria, and he expressed himself very decidedly of the opinion that all Australasia wonld eventually be pro tectionists. By the way I should mention t!iv.t Mr Douglas now contemp'ate? returning in October next. It teems to me that ex cellent as is the organisation of thees offices, that addhiotp.! strength in the clerical staff is simply indi5p3-isable. It is a great mistake to s arve the office The colony must suffer from the applica tion of a penny-wisc-and pound-foolish policy to i's representative ia England. I hope to have more news iu my next JuBt now things are flat, as said above, and there is a general move all round to ??fresh fields aud pasture' new.' Our Supplement. — The supplement in cluedd with to day's publication, will be found an excetdingiy iLteiVbting one A charming little story, snutled ' Houp La,' is commenced, and is illustrated with some effective cuts. The Ladies' will also find plenty to interest them, and the selected articles are varied and vory read able. Besides 'Football Notes,'' the second instalment of ' Cobwebs, ' there is an admirable article from The Times, /in ' Ttio Wnrlrm. A -' one on the first of the jubilee steamers, the Britannia, from the European Mail, and a large fund of useful knowledge under the heading ' First.' The Weather — Rude Boreas is upon ub at an early date with the equinoctial gales. Throughout yesterday heavy squalls of rain were prevalent, accom gjanied with stormy gusts of wind. Owing to the rain of the preceding night there was a smart fresh in the South Esk, and the rush of water at its juncture with the famar was so heavy that the Pateena on her arrival from Melbourne had some diffi culty in rounding on to the wharf. About iaj in uio evening glass irom exposed lamps came to grief in several directions aud the cap from that in front of the Wesleyan Church, Patterson- street, was carried into the road, nar rowly escaping providing the coroner with an inquisitorial inquiry as to the cause of death of one of our revered and substantial burgesses. The flow of water from the Cataract Hill was very heavy, a small river running to the juncture with the main drain in Buurke- street ; aud thence down Brisbane street west to the connection with the Margaret-Btreet sewer the stream was but of a tittle less ccpious dimension, while the flat itself at this point was almost entirely submerged. The gusts of wind interfered materially with the performance of the Circus on the Market Green, and at 9*45 it was found desirable to cloee the performance, and shortly after the marquee was lying prone on the ground. We fear from the deluge of rain that has been falling for the last four or five hours prior to our going to press, that railway traffic on the Inland lines is likely to be impeded, that in telligence of floods from the country districts before our next issue appears is imminent, and that sume of the fmall craft on the coast will have a harassing time of it. The s.s. Wakefield, advertised outward bound for Mscquarie Harbor, delaved her departure vesterd&v; evsninir. Special United Service. — The last of the series of uniied prajer mee'ings, ivas held last evening, in St. Andrew's Church, Launceston. The Hev. J. Lyle presided, aud offered up an earnest open ing prayer, which was supplemented by a further supplication from the Rev. H. Greenwood. The Rsv. Spencar Williams gave an exhaustive addresss on ' Fuil sur render to Christ, 'defining the consecration if a s'.nner as the full surrender cf a rebel to his offenied Lord, wh-?n conquered by his own convictions, wrought iu hiiu by the Spirit of God. He said the conse cration of the believer was manifested iu all the duties of his daily life in two ways, viz., pasively and actively, and that it was not only one act, but was con tinual and' irrevocable, la the inten tion, purpose, promise, and engagement ; and that there was no reservation, limi tation, or restriction ; it shonld be mani fest in everything, always, everywhere, and without compromise. He enlarged on these points, and adduced arguments from the attributes of God to prove that He demands nothing harsh or nnimpor iiaui, ui jjliu pBupm. a.6 urgeu i-iiai it was no degradation, no humiliation, no come down, to be a Christian, and enforced the obligation to surrender to God from love. He then appealed to his audience to divorce themselves from the service of Satan and give themselves to Christ, and reserve nothing from Him, and asked if any were willing at once to do so. Pastor Soltau offered prayer, and Pastor H. Wood followed with an address on the same subject as the first speaker had dealt with. He said he would not add anything to what his predecessor had said, but appealed to the audience to recognise their responsibility to use the advice given at. the ineetic-gs in a practical way. He quoted Mr Moody's saying, '* That the best way to resch the masses was to go to them.' He felt that too many professing Christians were like the tribes of Gad, Reuben, and the half tribe of Manassaa, who stayed on the east side of Jordan, instead of entering the Promised Land. He then quoted and expounded Rom. 12-1, and caid that consecration was a definite transaction with God. After referring to Psalm, 118-27, he said that we should not belike ' restive victims that needed to be bound to the altar.' He then referred to the seal of the American board of Missions, which had on it an ox, an altar, and a plough, in token that its agents were to be willing and ready for sacrifice, Buffering, or service, as all believers should. He further quoted from Ex. 29 37 to show that the altar sanctified the gift, an^ that coming to Christ made the offers certain of acceptance with God, which was the only condition of merit in praye-, works, and cxerciscs. He showed that self must be renounced, as the natural life was extinct in the sacrifice before it was placed upon the altar. The tpeaker said that he remembered similar meetings to *i ? i — ; ? l. , i .1 m\\.i i — . i. .. . ^ ? ?..ItDB UC1UK iiou ,U JimU'JUlllO j-.ined in by clergymen of t he Church of England, as well as the other denomina tions ; that they were followed by a night of prayer, to seek the baptism of tha Holy Ghost ; that all present were crushed down by the power of God that came upon them, bat that ou the following Monday, when ihey mat asain to cim pjre notes, all of them could tell of eotils saved on the preceding Sunday, and he hoped the same thing would happen in Launceston. The Rev. C. Prico and Pastor White closed tho meeting with prayer. St. John Ambulance Association.— The advf-ntages to be derived from the lectures delivered to members under the auspices of this association were most eminently proved by the result of the examinations on the course that was recently concluded. A new series, as has already been announced, is about to be delivered, and those who are dedious of attending them are requested forthwith, without delay, to give in thc-ir names to the hon. treasurer, Mr H. Edgell, St. John-street, or Mr G. C. Gilnwre, hon. si cretary, Patterson-street.. Wo h.ive boon requested to state tlmi the associa tion is desirous that all t'asses shou'd avail themselves of the instruction offered. How easy it is for one of the little ones to sustain a severe cut or sprain, or por chancu, from an inopportune fall, to moot with a slight fracture of some of the limbs, bones, and whaf can be more de sirable than that the fond mother or the careful nurse should know how to ad minister relief, pending the arrival of the doctor. On this and many other similar grounds, we. trust the forthcoming series of lectures will command a numer ous attendance. TJn.sount) Mhn- — A man n^med John JViuilaney was brought into town yesterday i.fternocn, from the Tunr.el, Scottsdale Railway, Hall's Track, on a charge of bring of unsound mind. He was brought before Mr E. T. A. Murray, P M., and *errranded to gaol for medical iiainina tlon. Academy or Mtjsio. — Despite the very boisterous weather last evening a large audic-nce assembled to hear the Hobart Crow Club in their first concert in Lauu ce?ton. The str.lls and pit ware w.ll filLd, but the circle was rather bar', which must be ascribed to the wet night. There is no doubt had the weather been fine the Cro^E would have beeu greater! -fith an ovei flowing houee. A good repu tatlon has preceded this little society, and much was expected of them. Those who witnessed the performance last night wer6 not disappointed, but were unanimous iu their applause, almost every item being encored. The programme opened with the chorus 'Suranjo,1' which was very well rondersd, the voices blending most harmo niously, as they did in all the choruses, throughout the entertainment. Mr Jack son followed with the song, 'When fortune frowns.' This gentleman pos sesses a fine tenor voice, and sang his t-ODg with much vigor, at once establishing himself a favorite with the audience. An encore was demanded, to which he ? ? / d ? \ ? icspuuuou. uii x/dwauu yuuuoa f Baug ' The bara door rooster,' which was very funny, although he might have put a little more life into It to advantage. This was also encored, as was every item In the first part of the programme. The songs, 'Kings of the main,' 'Silver moon light winds,' ' Bring me back the one I love,' were very well sung by Messrs. V. Tregear, E. Cherry, and A. Whit worth, the choruses to each song being very pretty, especially when sung softly. Mr Butcher (Tambo), who is a host in himself, sang ''Scarlet fever Jane,'* and was simply immense. The songs were interspersed with jokes and funny sayings by the corner men, and, with very few exceptions, were entirely new. The first part concluded with a grand spectacular finale, entitled 'Britannia,' which had a very pretty effect, and called forth loud applause fmm fVlO atldionoa 1 Tha aofr^ (though small, is a very efficient one) opened the second part with the overture 'Post and Peasant,' and played in a masterly manner, as they did throughout the performance, one feature being the accompaniments to the different songs, which were subdued, and not heard above the singer, as is very often the case with amateur orchestras. The part song, 'Carnivole,' by the club, was exceedingly well rendered, as was Mr Jackson's next essay, ' Let me like a soldier fall,' he having to repeat the last verse. Mr G. Smith's flute solo was also a pleasing item, and was much appreciated. The Tyrolean song, ' Pretty white lilies,' by Mr E. Oherry was also encored. Mr C. Dawson, in his ' Liquidosphorumalities,' and Mr Harry Hadfield, an old Launceston favorite, in his song and dance, were well received, especially the latter ; but Mr Y. Tregear was hardly at home in hia song ' Queen of the Earth.' It evidently did cot suit his voice. The audience were convulsed with laughter at Mr N. Butcher's Negro eccentricities and songs, which were very funny indeed. The entertainment con cluded with the fares, ' The Artful Artists,' by members of the club, and was well put on. Taking it altogether, the entertainment was a most enjoyable cne, ? -V. J 1. , L.U ? re DLUlUUgU WD t'llIiO. il. VYUULU UQ UCtLttC II there were a little Jess waiting between the items, and more life thrown into the first part. This evening a second concert will be given by the club, when an entirely now programme will be produced ; and should the weather be favorable, a good attendance may be anticipated. Children's Concert. — A vocal and in strumental concert in aid of the piano fund of St. John's Band of Hope waB given last night in Milton Hall, and not withstanding the inclemency of the weather, there was an excellent attend ance. Mr W. H. Westbrook presided, and introduced the little performers during the evening. In addition to the soloists there were chornses to many of the songs in which over 20 children took part, the whole being admirably rendered — time, tune, and action — bespeaking careful tuition on the part of Misses L. Westbrook, M. Windsor, and F. Foster. These ladles deserve every credit as the whole of the management of the concert had been left to them. An Instrumental duet was nicely played by Misses Murray and Windsor. Master Morten nana ' Paddle your own canoe ' with spirit, and received an encore. ' Won't yon tell me why Robin f was sweetly sung by Miss Flo Lay, as were 'Coming through the rye,' by Miss Wallen, and ' The toy girl,' by Gerty Baker, both Items being encored. Master Fawdry sang two songs, 'Little Troto' and ' The speaker's eye,' capitally, por tions of the latter being whistled, and whistled well, thus causing a deal of amusement. The Masters Patterson in each of their items, 'The bogie man' and ' I wish I were single again,' fairly brought down the house, the latter item, a trio, being twice encored. Miss Sophy Wallen sang ' The old wooden rccker' in ex client style, and responded to an encore. A number of other items were also given in a pleasing manner. Before closing Mr Westbrook announced that the concert would be repeated by request on next Friday evening in Milton Hall if the room was available, due notice of which would be given in the local pipers A successful evening was concluded by all present singing the National Anthem shortly before 10. Hates' Circus. — Notwithstanding the counter-attractions last evening, and the very inclement state of the weather, Hayes* Circus on the Market Green waB mode rately attended, but the performance had to be suspended about a quarter of an hoor before the programme was con cluded on account of the dome of marquee being blown in by the terrific squalls. The management, however very generously granted tickets to all present, which will enable them securing seats to night. This commendable action on the part of the authorities should ensure them a bumper house for to-night. The pro gramme produced was -n many respechs a new one, and the various items wore gone through in a most creditable manner. Wharf Mission — A Blue Ribbon mecMng and coffee supper w?s held at the Wharf Mission Bill on Thurjday tveuitig last, when there was a large attendanca, many being unable to obtain a seat. Tli-j meeting was openid in the usuil way by Mr Marshall, after which a very able address was delivered by Mr F. Stephen son, dealing with the existing n ils in (-uv mWst. R'cit itionsof anexcelienttharjcter were re: dered by Mrs Grain, Mrs Feu rill, aud Misses Williams and Heatiey. Solos were sung ' y Miss N. Wsugh and Mr G. Maddox, M r C. Forward presiding at the organ. Coffse and buns were handed oKn.lt Q nVlnnlr -I... meeting closed with prayer. Several signed the pledge and donned the blue at the cI-im of the meeting. Social Tea. — On Tuesday eveniug a tea-meetiLg will be held iu the school room adjacent to the Launceftou Tabtr naclc to welcome Paster Wood, who succouds Pastor A. Bird in the nanhtry, and subsequently a public meeting v il; bu held in the Tabernacle. Full part'eu lars wil! appear in a future issue. Farmers' Meeting. - A meeting of those interested in considering a revision of the tariff to favor of the pastoral and agricultural interests will bo li.-.ld this afternoon at the Mechanics' luatkuta at 2 30 p.m. Received. — From Messrs . Walch Brothers and Birchall and Fitzgerald Bros, we have received copies of the current numberof the Australian J ournal, and from tho former firm tho Young Ladies' Journal. The Pink. — Mr W. Lnmon*, the Australian Wonder, ia aii'iourc-d to give his first performance on Tuesday evening next at tli ft Town Park, Pavilion, rumor heralds his contortionist acts as Eomeihine ostof the common. The Davey Drawing. — We are desireo to remind those interested that the Darey ilrwing tf-kes place at tho Exchange Rooms at 4p.m. to-day. I Religious. — To morrow at the Wes leym Church, Pattercor-street, the Rev. ! H. Greenwood will piench in the momir-'; and the Rev. D. B. Bridgwood, of V-c- i toria, in the evening. — At the Mwrgaret stiret Church the Rev. W. Presley will conduct the service in the morning, Mr R. Masierman taking charge of that in the evening. — The Rev. W. H. Walton will conduct divine service at tho Primi tive Methodist Church, Frederick street, to-morrow morning and evening, andpco side at a meeting at Young T vn in tho afternoon. — The Rev. D. S. Brunton takes ' Justification' as the subject of his address to-morrow morning at Chalmers' Churcn, and in th? evening wiii enlarge ou 'Jy in the presence of the angels of God.' — At the Tabernacle Pastor Wood wiil commence i.is ministry to morrow, preaching bith morning and evening. — Pastor White's subjects at the York-street Baptist Church are in the morning, ' The Trinity,' and in the evening 'The personality and work of the Holy Ghost Police Court. — At the Police Court yesterday, before Mr BL T. A. Murray, P M., and Mr W. Yon Stieglitz, J.P , Thomas Bricknell was charged, on re mand from the previous day, with having, on or about the 25th August, stolen from the premises of Robert Earl, of the Globe Hotel, about 25ft of indiarubber hose, valued at 25s. The prisoner pleaded guuty, auu was sentenced to two weeKS imprisonment. — The adjourned charges against . Mrs Hegarty, Sydney Bailey, William Rjund, and Henry Ross, for selling adulterated milkj were further postponed for a wetk.— Margaret Mullins, a^ed 59, pleaded guilty to being an idle and disorderly person, and was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. — James Atkinson was charged with having, on the 24th August, driven 12 head of cattle along Pattereon-street at other than the hours appointed by the Muni cipal Dye-taw. J-lr superintendent Uoul ter w thdrew the information in respect to 11 of the animals, thus leaving the charge with ' driving one head, etc.' The defendant pleaded guilty, and i\as fined 5s and costs. — Charles Fryett was charged with having on the 25th of August, allowed four head of cattle, his property to stray at large on the main road at Killafaddy. The case was heard ex parte, and the defendant fined 15s, and 9a 6d CuStS. Bands of Hoee. — A correspondent writes : —On Wednesday evening the usual monthly meeting of the Baptist Band of Hope was held ia the Chapel, Blackwood Creek. There was a large attendance, Mr Lake occupying the chair. A good pro gramme was drawn up and ably carried out, the following taking part : —Recita tions by Misses Beaumont, Hodgetts, Goody, Price, Frai.kcombe, Gregory; Masters Baamount, G Phi! pott ; and Messrs. C. Frankcombe aud Pearn. Songs by Mesdames C. and T. Frankcombe, Miss Frankcombe ; and Mr C. Frank combe. Readings by Mesdame3 T. and C. Frankcombe. Addresses by Mr Lake and Mr Pearn After which eighteen came forward and signed the pledge and donned tiie blue. — On Thursday evening the usual monthly meeting of the Brack nell Bind of Hope took place in the Tabernacle, the place being crowded to excess. Mr Lake occupied the chair. It was a very pleasant entertainment, con sisting of sougs, recitations, duets, and in strumental music, the following friends taking part : — The Rov. Thompson j Mis°es Bent-ly, Jordan, Cox, Pitt, Wadly, Potter ; Messrs. Boon, Lansdell, Preiver, Smith, Scolyer, Lake ; and Mesdames Mather and Walters. Our Bishopabourne friends added much to the enjoj ment, and at the close votes i f thanks were given to the Rev. Mr Thompson and the Bishopsbourne friends, and ail those who took part. One signed- the pledge and took the blue. Longford — Oar correspondent writes : — Among the many signs that spring is coming we notice that our local store keepers are unpacking their new goods. First among these is Mr E. Solpmon, who has a very large assortment of the useful, beautiful, and ornamental, with the additional attraction that they are of the very latest fashions direct from Lon don, and were only six or seven weeks in the transmission from the other tide of the globe to our little town of Longford. The goods were selected by a special lady buyer who has lived in Tasmania and thoroughly understands all the tastes and requirements of the good folks here. It wonld need a far abler pen than mine to attempt a description of such a number less variety as there ia on view — it would take your able correspondent ' Lady Bird ' to do j ustica to it. The ladies will find it worth their while to go and see for themselves, and even the lords of creation if they hive any taste will be able to , spend a pleasant half-hour in contem- 1 plating the profusion of beautiful things. The Orpheus Club — By advertisement j In another column it will be seen that the j 16th and 17rh are the dates fixed for the visit ot this iavorito troupe. Although one of the oldest musical combinations in the colony, we might say, with the excep tion of the Launceston Musical Union, the oldest, yet they show no signs of deterior ation, for tho members are determined to keep up their reputation for producing a high class entertainneat, and have selected two choice programmes for tha occasion. The Academy of Music is the place selected, and the array of talent on the list is sufficient guarantee of a pleasant, evening. i Snakes. — These reptiles are coming out ; early this year. A correspondent informs ] ub that he killed one on Monday last at Marchington measuring 3 't 8in long. ? I* was the more remarkable as it was a bitterly cold day. Piscatorial — A very large eel of ihe conger genus was caugot in the Taiuar yes-erday. It measures 5ft lOin in lung'.h, is 20in in girth, and weighs 33ib. It was oa view late ye?cer^ay hffernoon at the yusdrant £ ish Depot, where it may also be seen to-day. Noetherv Finance CosiMrrrEE — The usual monthly mee'ing of the Northern Finance Coiumitt-o will he held on Monday afiernoorj, at 3 o'clock, in the ve-tiy of the Church of tho Holy Tri -i y: Cameron-street. Westbury Concert — A concert ia r.id of the choir fund of the Church of rhe Holy Trinity (R C ) w'll be givo-i in hi Westbury Assembly Rooms : a Thurfdiy cvncirg next, and as ;tn a'.nctlvis pro gramme has been p-ep.tred, the ^jth-nug should iie a large o-ie. Wimbledon Rifle Camp. Eaglin''. h.v again managed to win the Nations' Challenge Trophy, -.his rime by 11 points. England's total was 1,724 points ; Scjt land 1713 ; Ireland, 1G55 ; and gail.uu little Wales, 1635. D jbrlcBs but for the breakdown of cne of the Scotchmen and ths partial bre-kdowu of another th-t country w^uld : his year hsvo carried ihe pin.te across the border Yeal^rdaj' was the twenty-fourih t;in'- ihis match has takuii placa: Eaghtud 'laa 'icon successful ou 13 occasions, and S.utland on II, hut it should bo sta:ed that for threu ye»rs, owing to a misunderstanding, tho Soot oil men did not euter for the competition. Last year Scotland won with 1708 points, against 1G(-7 made by Ktig'and, the con test taking piacj in Ihe former country. The conditions of the contest are that it shall be fired for by efficient volunteers, 20 men fruta each country, the distances 200ydLs, bOOyds. and 600yd«, Eeven shots at each range with two si2ht-ing sliols. A Quseu Wovld of Command. — Thero oxhia in the Portuguese army a curious word of command, which is as foil owe — 'C r-i ficra a1 riipp'n'go' ( 11 Lnoi: sternly i'- tho enemy !'), wher. upon all the soldiers begin to frown. Then the officer cniatcand-!, ' Mncbissimo 5«-a' (' Look wvage 1'), at the came ticie giving his face as martial cn r:xprtx=.i' n a- he cm-, w'.ieb all IV boMIpi' i'- avdhl?1}' tiy to imitate. — Messagerdil Nord. The Women's Jubilee Address. — Lady Hamilton, accompanied by Miss Harvey and Bis Excellency's private secretary, paid a flying visit to Launces ton yesterday, arriving at 1'40 p.m., and returning to Hobart by the 3 o'clock express. At 10 o'clock Mr Sut'on, the station master of the Main Lino Riilway ait the Launceston terminus, received a wire notifying the visit of her ladyship, and thanks to the able assistance, on such a very short notice, of Messrs. Dempster and Poarce, before the arrival of the train the ladies' waiting room at the railway station had been converted into a taste fully apparelled, cozy-looking ii'tle boud ir. At the same time having r a ard especially to the boisterous state ? t the weather, and the exposed situation of the station, it would have conducsd some what more to the comfort of the ladies if the Iiitirview had taken place in more comfortable quarters, and ne the Town Hall is in such close proximity to the station it would not have occasioned five minutes' delay for her ladyship to have driven there, aud we feel sure His Worship the Mayor would only havo been too happy to have placed hia private room at the disposal of herself and the ladies she had to interview. Lady Hamilton and suite were received on alighting by the Hon. H. I. Rooke (treasurer) and Mr H. Weedon (secretary), and the ladies of the Executive Committee present, and at once proceeded to the chamber where the conference was to be held, and the bright fire must have been acceptable to her ladyship and party after such a tedious and wintry journey. The con ference was of a private and discursive nature, but the issue arising out of the discussion we hope to lay before onr readers at an early date. Reported Disappearance of a Bank Official. — A warrant has been issued for the arreBt of G. B. Barlow, teller at the Carlton branch of the London Chartered Bank, for embezzling the funds of that branch to the extent of over £500 The accused (says the Argus) has been con nected with the London Chartered Bank for 13 years, and with the Carlton branch for the past six years. He is a young man of very respectable connections, and nothing in his general conduct had raised the slightest doubt as to his perfect trust worthiness. He arrived at the bank at tbe usual hour last Monday morning, and entered upon the performance of his dutfes until about 12 o'clock, when Mr William Reid, inspector of branches, entered the bank. Mr Barlow then told one of the clerks that he 'was going out for a few minutes, and would shortly return. He has not returned to the bank since, nor has his whereabouts been dis covered. When it was found that he did not return suspicion was aroused, and it is alleged that an examination of the cash in his keeping showed that there was a deficiency cf over £500. An official inspection of his books is now being made, and it is stated that some further deficiencies have been discovered. Mr Barlow was in receipt of a salary of £230 per annum, and he had received his month's pay on the morning on which he left. A circumstance which causes con siderable anxiety to his friends is that since his disappearance one of the two revolvers which it is always tbe practica to keep loaded in the bank has been missing, and it is concluded that ho has taken it with him. He is a married man, and resided at Heidelberg with Lis wife and one child. He did not return home on Monday night, and Mrs Barlow visited the bank the next morning to inquire the roason, and was informed of the circum stances of his disappearance. He has not sinL'Q been seen at his residence. Fatai Outrage at Boxton, Victoria. —The victim of the Buxton outrage, Alexander Irons, who was brought into the local hospital on Thursday last, died on Monday. The deceased (says the Argus ) was a native of Scotland, where his mother resides. He had no friends in this coun ry. Sergeant Irvine has arres'ed a man and hiB wife named Taylor, and two other men named O'Brien and Petty, on a charge of wilful murder. Petty with aiding and abetting in the same. From what little information can be gleaned concerning the brutal occurrence, it seems that after having had several drinks at Nichols' Hotel, the deceased visited the hut occupied by the Taylors for the purpose of ascertaining the whereabouts of a friend. The deceased said that he left on good terms, but against this O'Brien admits having struck him several times for using insulting words towards the woman Taylor, who was calling out 'Murder.' The Taylors also admitted to the arresting constable having struck Irons, but not in such a way as to cause his death. The deceased's only recollec tion cf the affair was that he was awoke by 'the boys' hitting him, and that finally s^ime man struck him behind. After lying on the roadside he managed to reach a shed near Nichol's Hotel, where he remained for several days in a dying Btate until he was removed to the hoipital, where it was found that he had been mortally injured- The deceased had been subjected to cao3t brutal treatment, his body being cut and bruised from head to foot. The immediate cause of death was rupture of the liver and the gall bladder. Those who knew IronB say that ho was a quiet-, inoffensive man. The Inverell Tragedy. — The Buk kula tragedy has cast a gloom over the whole of the Inverell district, and has been the subject of universal comment in the city all day. Ou Sunday last (says the Argus) the prisoner waB visited by a Church of England clergyman, who told Wyndham that he came as a friend and as a minister, and hoped that ho would speak his mind frealy. Replying to the clergyman, the prisoner said that the idea of committing the deed had never occurred to hira before tho terrible night of the tragedy. On being asked whether a spirit of sacrifice had entered into his motive, the prisoner said, 'There is a region you cannot penetrate. You want to know too much ; don't ask me any questions. I must tell it as the spirit tells me.' After a few moments silerice he was pressed to be frank and say whethor thero was any prolonged sufferi. g on the part of his wife. He said ' None. Wo went to bed at 9 o'clock after prayers. I affucl ion- s' e'y embraced my wife, ar,d kissed her. I deif'y ioved her. my wife, and children'. Wi' slept soundly until 1 o'clock. I then ?' -vnijOj *na cue wnoie thin? was clear to mi. I picked my wife up in my arms, an,' cam. d hor out. She said, ? Wa-i, do not kill me.' O.10 bang it was a!: owr. We havo warnt d people -.f Khz* is 1o happen. This is only ihe The district is ^ri*» doubt j. &n-i; people wi'l L-olc upon me u. iiv,ri-t but thure is n-.i stain u^on theso h^u^s. T.tey are as pure as huaveu.' The prisoner was then ask.-d if there was anything ou his mind af. regard-, d. his with that suggested the idea of murder. Ha burst into tears and s„yj, ' Do lo t think thoio unman'y tears. Wu i .red each other -Wly, but th - thing ha i to be done.' Afier some further runiark he *aid, ' Ada.ii ate tho p .isoind ai'pk-, for Ere w:is dt;id. R^- knew it tvas do.iih, but ho uoiild live without; her. | Christ died for th ? church, tho bride! You see how that ib Christ, Adam, the church, my wife. They will all be back again. The people do not understand it. I will he hanged, but that in nothing. There i3 «, higher law that I must obey People will think me a monster. It is very shocking, it is very foul, people will ;'ick ; but tfcere is so much above that it is not foul if ^ they only understood ' Other persons inl6rviewtjd thu p^oner with similar results. He told the servant of police (hit during the course of tho inqurst he bpgan to realise what ho !;?d anue, Miis is the ne^rnnt he h.-±a sppr ac'io' to K-a»-n. The r*Jstiros of 4 have so far held cloof. from him. He ?p»nd.'; his time principally in rer.di-g the Btblo. * '' Pouch on Cobnk.'— Ask fer Well's , '.oti^.i ou Goni.-^' Quick lelief. nompieit- pormiu.eut euro. Coraa, watts, bunione. At onomists aud druggists, (3 Audacious Assault upon a Yoono Lady. — A. gross case of assault on a re EpBctal-!e young lady was investigated on Wednesday last (says tha Age) at the Kew I Court, tho accused being a flashily dressed voang man named Edward Torode, said j to be a carpenter. The evidence of the prosecutrix, Laura English, was to the effect that she resided with a Mr and Mrs -„ oo o 1 aJo'a XUibUUUU) iu vuiuugo m sa wu; o help. At about 10 o'clock on the night of the 21st inst she went out to post a letter addressed to her mother ia the pillar box at the intersection of Glenferrie and Barker's roads, opposite the Wesleyan Ladies' College. She had deposited the letter, and was abont to return, when, without a warning, a hand was placed hard upon her mouth, and the' assailant, seizing her by the arm, endeavored to throw her on to the ground. Sho resisted him to the utmost of her power, and ? getting his hand away from her mouth she commenced to scream for assistance. Her assailant thereupon seized her from behind, and placing his knee against her back, he again tried to put her on tho crround. Fearing, however, that her screams would be heard by some of the residents on the opposite side of the road, the man made off aB quickly as poBsibie, but on the following day she was able to identify him amongst several others, in the presence of Sergeant M'Grath. Although in a very exhausted state after the attack, she managed to reach a small cottage in the neighborhood, where she was Bfiied with hysterics, and had to be assisted to her home. Sergeant M'Grath and Mr J. Mitchell, the young lady's employer, gave evidence. For the defeuca several witnesses were called with the object of proving an alibi. The Bench o.insirflprprl flip rhvran was nrnved. but the accused was let off with the very lenient punishment of a £5 fine, with £2 2s costs, the alternative being six weeks' imprison ment. The Victorian' Prospecting Vote. — The Victorian Minister of Mines (says the Argus) has allocated the prospecting vote, and the schedules of allotments have been approved by the Governor-in-Oouncil and forwarded to the chairmen of the various boards throughout the colony. The Sand hurst mining district 1b to receive the largest measure of assistance, viz , £10,200, Baliarat being second on the list with £10,050, Beech worth third with £10,005, the rest following in the under mentioned order : — Maryborough £9,650; Castlemaine, £9350 ; Ararat, £8675 ; and Gippsland, £*8570 ; total, £(-6,500, of which £10,975 is to be expended in boring for reefs and alluvial deposits. The amounts granted to the different com panies vary from £100 to £1,000, and in almost every instance they are given on the condition that an equal sum is to be expended by thecompany onthe work to be aided by the Btate, which chiefly consists of prospecting, sinking, croBscutting, driving, and boring by means of diamond drills and Tiffin augers. In some cases tbe grants are made conditional upon tbe erection of machinery. The allocation of £66,500 from the prospecting vote (80,000) leaves a balance of £13,500 Of that amount £5000 has been set apart by the Minister of Mines for the purpose of boring operations in special places recommended by the Government Geo logical Surveyor, and not reported upon by the local prospecting boards. The rest of the money will be required to cover the expenses of the Mines Depart ment in connection with the prospecting vote, the expenses of the prospecting boards, the maintenance of the drills, purchase of bits, diamonds, etc. The allocation list shows tbe name of tbe companies or parties to which assistance is recommended, the localities in which they are working, amount recommended to be given to each, and the nature of tbe work to be carried out. When may a somewhat similar aid to the mining in dustry of this colony be looked for, and the value of our mining interests be recognised in some such tangible form? The German Squadron's Secret Mis bios.— When the German squadron left Sydney on the 3rd August fur a secret destination it was believed (says the Age) the mission of the squadron was tbe establishment of some protectorate over Samoa, and an important passage in a despatch just received by the Governor from the Secretary of State for the Colo nies would seem to afford confirmation of the supposition. Sir Henry Holland, writing on 23rd July, stated that with regard to the subjects discussed before the Imperial Conference as to Samoa tbe conference approved the proposal now being considered at Washington by tbe representatives of Germany, -the United StateB, and England that one of the three Great Powers interested in the group should for a term control native affairs there. The rc-Bult of the Washing ton conference has not yet been mide public, but there is very strong reason for believing that as German interests in Samoa are large it was decided to give Germany control over native affairs in Samoa . This decision would probably be arrived at within a few days of Sir Henry Holland's despatch, and instructions to proceed to Samoa would immediately be cabled to the German squadron at Port Jackc-Oti. At the time of the squadron's departure the oflieer Bent from Germany to replace the captain of one of the vessels, who, it may be remembered, died on the day the squadron arrived at Sydney, was at Adelaide ; but -the hurry of departure was so great that Admiral Knorr could not let the ship stay for him, aiid acting under instructions the captain shortly after left for Samoa by the Lubeck. A Chinese Agony Column. — The North China Herald gives one or two very curious specimens of the advertise ments which appear in the Chinese papers. One is from a mother to her sou who has run awhy from home, and is worded as fr,l!r-m ? — ' Take care that vou are not Btrack down by lightning. Your mother weeps bitterly for you as she pens these lines in orrfer that they may be read by her son. When you ran away from home on the 30th of the eighth moon, the pec-plo of the shop came and asked us what had bscome of you ; it was thus :bai. we learnt your flight. I nearly died of fright, and since then my food and sloop have benefited me but little. I am still crying aud moaning. I have received your letter which has come from beyond the horizon, but it docs not toll mo where I can find you. I am now aim st at the last extremity, and our family has had to put up with cruel insults from strangers. If you do not return I can stand all this no longer, and shall assuredly pur an end to my existence, in which case you would be in danger of being struck by lightning. If vou return, ho matter iu what f-'ay, all will be arranged. I have evcii invented a plen by which your father will know nothing about your escapade. My life or death ia a qu ution of only a few more davs. I entreat all well-disposed persons to spread abroad the advertisement, so thai it may b9 read by all whom it may concern.- They will thus earn a profusion of hidden merit. Written by a woman of Srn cho. — Take cire (hat yon are not struck by lightning!' A peaend adver tisement h from a husbitid whoso wif« bw run away with a man whom aim had met in a t.a-houte The adver!isemeiit Beth out at great, length iLe circumstancas atfer.difi' this) elopement, and offers a reward of 20 dollars to anyone giving him information as to her whereabouts. Messrs. Fcoet and Orpwuod advertise a cheap B≤ to-day. Last chance it tha clearing sale of the Sydney Boot Shop to-day. X?. Hart and Co. invite inspection of their stock of wall-papers at extremely moderate ^Bants nutifies his cusfmiary weekly sale of coi- y produce, at prices adva'iMgeous to careful Ii'iU ?' ki.ei.er. G llvin an! Murphy arc '.til! offering prn;.- * -I' 'l'''' cio-'rinc; Mile. \lT J. Wovlley drawn ultenlKn t'» tho _..^..,1t7 nf trhnt* lrath„r at the Federal Boot ? — - ? ? In another culninu Meters. D. mid Jl. Iotfle?, | froii' i Miiilrant, advertise their weekly price list ] of ^roctri-irt. Attetstios in drawa to the boat and shoe sale in the Bank Chamber.- . | 