LI EýL ANITD-NULIKE. B." :.,OBr I? . BADDoor, 'LAuthor of '- flady Aidi 5e lfrv*' Eta. "CarIai XXV.- Pexa E Cuox. Lady'Blcfeld was oo'tesse .o eborish and 'make much of ,her daigbter-inlaw .without asekig any awkward ,qustlione. There was no letter of. remonstrance" from Valentlor, thereroro it might be supposed that be-took no' bjiatidn to hlq wlftb absene ; acd so far all'waes'elil." Eaily, hours, fresh air. pleasant aodlety, wduldi no doubt soon'exerclee a good infleootd open Hlel?hs' health and spirits. Brighsotne woulA return, to the fair young fade,' asd reviviog hehlth would brin, 'a hab~tehp fItide oft mind.. Helerin,'aoolrmed very amiably to all her -ether in-laso arranges ate. She went to her rueo eoon after ten o'clook every night, except when there were visslore; but eLs was allowed ample Itithde as to 'her habits in thd morning;, and rarely'appeared until alter breakfime. "bhe'wkiked and drove with Lady BaelSell.'ard 'took afternoon tea with Lady BelSeld'e'fileods. She did not care to ride or'l`'p1flsteidias, ,d thoere amusements were not preesed upon her either by Adrian or his. mother. It might be that all she wanted was rest. Adrian watched her. attentively, without seeming to watch, full o fear.' He knew now but too well, how weak a keed"th~i was ipon which he'had once haharded tne happiness of his owvn life " Mr; Rokithee .and the Freemantles were th 'moet -equent vieitorion the long aummer day.:droppte ing it pit hnure, litting rabout the la-wn wit Lady Belfield and her eon, bringing all the news'of the pari.h, and disoulling the more stirring, though lees interesting, news of the oeter world.' Somidimdes the Misses Treduoey aime in, an h6tPa bi'toteetdion ten, just in time four' a ddth l'e'st "at' tedis,' with Adrian 'a'nd Luay, F?mad.Thih'o was less elieep~faoed and a good deal pretioi at twenty than she had been at .B iltee. , She wee . tall, fair:girl, with light-brown hair ad?lesarhlue eyes-eyes in which the very ipirit of candid ahd innooent girlhood eeemed 't' 'smile and sparkle. tho was a hl? ?:t re'pertd., 'bright; tnduetriouiei' girl; heip n iher'frther aqd mother in all'their hobb ale. Al] l thir: plane, and ruling, b?i? very, ' i[neoik brother with offectionate tyrrany, There could have been 'no greater contrass than that between Lucy Freemantle, in the vigbur and freshness of her girlhood, and Helen Belfield, in her broken health add depresid spiritr: - ' : 'W.hLt'a Vet? ad 'change in your pretty dasghbte..oidawi , laid Mrs. Freemantle 't Laldy' 1? l 4'jld, '"SB 'loki' as if she were going ~l ti a tgoyine, " ~ Oh'We Won't allow'hei'is'do that.' S;s Is hero tq, e, '.ired,' ,Oonstanoo , replied, ekerfully.. tthe did not want to have Helen pitied and despaired about bylheltfthe county. 'eoplg told menehq was quite the rave in London :Whe',, t ,es.Aiore, in. June,'.said , Matilda". redoey,, 'I. met her at two or three parties., and she was always so ear. roudded'that I cooldn't .gt a word with her; and Ibops, dear Lady Belfeld,' you won't 'fealeofehded itIown upat I 'don't hke 'Mrs. Baddsly' add' that" I rather avoided any enooiantprwith her.'. " iLady Bdlfeld wes silent. She, too, had 1 her doubte about. Mrs. Baddeley, and was i not jnolinqg to takes, up the cudgels in that iady'e behailf ilbeit 'hb inwardly resented Misri Treduai?y''impetlinen'e. t Thti di ydweto by pea?efutlly and pleasantly enough, biitr there was no revival of Helen's spirits. Ooditry air and country hours were t doingbser sthe good, perhaps, She was a t littlelqqs wn, and pale than she had been on her arrival; ilt Adrian's alm watihfulness perceived no' improvement in her moral being. If she'smiled, the smile was evidently I an effort. When she talked there was phe same aire'of onatreidt. It be came upon her suddenly in the drawingroom or the garden, it was generally to find her sitting in lihtless Idleness, with the air of' one for whom life had neither plesepre nor interest. Thiestate of thiings went on for more than ( a month. It wasthe middle of Angoet, and the weather wase'ultrier than it had been in July. Mrs.'Baddeley was aetoniehing the quieter'visltoersat a esatborough hotel, aud i delighting her. train of attendants, who had ,rallied to that point from various shooting 'boxes onsthe Yorkahire moors, Valentino was I going to and, fro over the earth'like the 'Evil One, in'his'journeyink'from one raoe meetsing to another. He .eossionally fIvoired his wife with a few h.burried lines from a paro vinolal hotel, tel)ibg herhis'wherkabouts. He appearel thordiugily to apprbve of her 'residence at the Abbey, and promised to join 'her there beforethefiret of October. This, so far as it went, seemed well, or at least'if'fb eemsd to Lady Belfeld. ''Adrian 'was not altogether satisfied. ' I do't' like' Valintne's paeston for the turf,' he said one 'day when be and Helen were sittineg on the lawn after luncheon, she t asking believe to work, he with a volume of i Herbedl Spencer on'his knee.ond his thoughts very far from the pages of that philosopher. I 4I hope, Helen, there is no truth in a rumour hait I'heird ast myclub when'I was in Lon. don the other day.'" "Wbat tumour'' ' '' ' SA man assured me that Valentinen has a share in Lord St. Austell's racing stable.' She 'brliio^d' iat that sudden utterance of St. Austell's name, and could scarcely I answer, hitm '°; .,s , ... . . 1,11 ,, 'I-I-have never heard of such a thing,' s she said.,,• ' Bot you know that St. Austell and your t husband are eloes friend., although they t only mit a'litle" whle' b'ftre your marriage. when St. Austlll was at aoreomb. If there i is any truth in the report, Valentine is in the ..rght'way'to'lgnonilnious bankruptcy. He has only,'our'settlement and' the allowance a my mother makes him. Neither of those w-ould be avalrabley"lor 'his creditors. 1 Praetieally he is a man of straw, and has no right to speensate ih'1 isaing stud.' SI don t believe he adoes speoulate. He r likes to go to 'reces, and he bets a little s sometimes. He has giveh me money that he I has won on the turf. I know that there is a r stable belonging t?-IdMr. B:eehing-and LoSt'. t',(Astels"t but I don't think 'eentine 'tes anything to do with it, beyond going to look at the horses now and then.' ' I hope you are right, Helen. The turf is an evil thing at best; it would be deadly for my brother. Ih6jibhe' willhave had enough e tef"' Whe?teebthby' the end of this year, edc thatbet' will' sober down to a more i di?mTletib~ilf. '?1"bit'pietry Jepanere draw inprbbm ~t jori qught not tohbe always empty." "' ''....;" ' Helm ? did not relbly. Her head bent niowr'osir that poop of poppies in arewel stltoh wthioh she eareled about with her in a baskest all l'day long;, and which seemed to a make no more progress than Penelope's web. Within two or three days after this little i 'ainveratton, Bir Adrian was ourpirds by a uhbtl.iohatoge'in'thle ,eairter- in-l.w's spirits. e It was- not that' she seemed happier hn' befored ; i tit' bihe was erlsisly less e lietless,.lees despondent. She iad'an ail of 'uppressed ex?oitement, which showed itself in aforced gaiety. She talked a great deal more, laughed at the smallest jokes, and she soddenly took it into her head to play teanio violently with Jack Freemantle. To Adrian it seemed as If she was impelled by some hidden agitation which found relief in move ment and oeeupation of any kind. Lookiog back at the events of the previones day, he remembered that she had' beenr wandering. about the Park alone in the c -'fternoon for'tw or tbihree haourri. She had for 1 the Blest time, mvoided driving out with Lady I Belteld. on the groundthattbooeaernoon was t eppressively warn and then soon aster Iun-heon she had taken a hook and strolled ont into the gsrdbn, He had missed her later on, and had met heitwo hours after- I wards returoning fiomn the Itallan tri'a?ro by the river, thateypress walk where he had re I steived the proof o her inobnet?,oy. He felt that there wes san evil ionfluenoe at work, and he feared that: the evil influenae i w;as S. AusteLU. He had iaseen einough' while he wee in Lo n. don to inspire him with gpavey doubts as to the relatlone between, his brother's wife and that amob!emau. 'St.'Atusielle':l'sidion and SIt. Ausetell'e eputatison were' alike daugeroou, I end that light natre, of Helena's was not I rrmed for resistanoe in the hour of tempta- I * PlubUibedby aonaltrrnu e smn wlthtsheuthor. 'iui. Adrsan rememtered d?o eceneunlJao Kildare's terraos and the morning ride in the Park; bothopen to esupiloton; and hie heart was ti at ease for the woman who' wasto have been hil wife. " '''" ' C?iArEi HXXVI.--Or?zNINo mi EYae. Whilu Belen was paoing thd oyprese walk in the lbng Augnust afternoon, V'alentine'was at York;' where the summer meetihg was in full ewing."' Interest as well ase pleasure had Ild''him'to the' norttlirn city He weeas not, as his trother had been told, a partner in the'St. Austell and Beeching stable, 'but his interess 'were deeply involved in their oeucesdee, and he had mixed himself up in their turf epeoulatione in a manner whioh might resolt in a great ouJop or a great disaster. One of their ho:e.s was entered for the Great Ebor, and stood pretty high in the betting; another ran in a'smaller race, and there'were'three of the eoud entleed for selling stakes. Valentine .bad baooted Posteard rather heavily for the Groat Ebor, and he knew that Beaohing and St. Austell had both lain their money pretty freely, and that both be lievod'in the bores. To Beeohing,' losing or winning was a matter of very little oonee queues; but like most'milli6nairee he' was very'ioteot upon makihg hid stable 'pay, and was very savage when the loek went against him. St. Austell'was by no'nieans rich ^and' to him Postcard's ado?ei'anidt bie a ir atter of considerable importanee. The value of ehd horne would be quadrupled if he? wo thie i great race, to say nothing of his owner's bete. Under these eiroumstsnooe, Mr. Belfleld wae:esrprised as notfflnuing St.'Austell at I King's Cross when h' arrived ad: the plit. I form justo in time for the epelal. sti had 1 been arranged a week betlre that" he, Beech I ing, and St. Anustell owerto travel together by I this train, whioh left London at eight in the ( morniog'on.the first day of the. racee, and. I were to occupy a .eniteof rooms together at ( she basel' till the meeting was oyer' Mr. Baotchig had chargpd himrelf--o"h'ad been harged--.ith":the:'duaty 'of etgaging the r rooms, and 'of' seeoaing a soupe for. the Journey. . . . Mr. Beeohlng was on the platform, with " les valet in attendance upon him.- The coupe a was engaged, and a pidnio basket, containt g a Straiboorg pie, a chicken, and a ooapleof t bottles of G H. Mumm'e extra dry, was in the iaok ; but there was no St. A;ustell. SWhat does that fellow mean by being behind- time I' asked Valentine, 'whenhe'and Bdeching had taken their seates' and 'ithe doors were being slapped to; a all along the line I of carriages. ". . . 'St. Aneustell ? He's ot: doming."' ' Not coming I . Not to' see Potclard win the Great Ebor' . ... ' No.. He's ohucked no the stable.1 ' Cuooked up the stable ? Yes, answered Beething, coolly.' Yoen I see he owed me a hbatfl of money. one way and another, and the ,'other nigiht he and Ic had a gnberal eqdare up, .whiOh resulted' in c my taking about seven shillingi in'thepound sil round. He surrendered'hie interest inJi Postoard, and the rest 6f the stud; and'I grive him back his I.O.U.'e; He is going to India C next week.' ': I ' Why.India.' .. ' e ' Lunge. Can't stand European winter. d His doetors advise him to try Ceylon or -India. I Re is keen upon a grand: eastern tour, and ho's off to Venice'next week bn'hii way east-. ward. He'll potter aboelt'16 Northbrn Italy, perhaps, for a month or-so, -and then put e himself on board a P. and .0.... ; ' Queer,' said Valentine. ' He never told me 'anything ' w?tr wrong' wth. hise lnge, i though he looks rather siokly at the bst of times.c a ' We can't all be'gladiators like you, Bel. a field. .I don't think St. Austell knew there t was anything radically wrong till.he weantto n Sir William Jenner a little while ago and i had himself overhauled. But"he' has'been ti laid up moee or less every winter for the last' a three orfour years, and he has'livd pretty fast, as you now. I should, think India would be's o aiial'move for him.'" ' a SPerhape,' assented Valentine, pondering Ii deeply, with bhet brows. On the.Knavesmire all their acqoainlances h were surprised. at St. Austell's abseoce, and r Mr. Beoehing had to give thd'esato explntn: Iron to a iood' many people. Mr. Belfield ' was irritated by' this iteration. Deuae 'take 'the fellow,' what"a lot of 'I trouble he 'bas glven "u' he-raid angrily; - He ought to hale home to.ses the horse's perfoimanee, althihgh" i?~ ~ iid plrted •wish bis ihterpes in him.' He has 'got a'good deal c of money on the kets, anyhowt-' "" ' - " 'The great 'dayand the great race came. The Knavesmire 'was 'a sense o life and movement, of vivid colour and ceaseless aIst .aition, a ecane of 'uoiver'al gladness, one d would suppose, taking the pisture as a whold, But in detail there waees a good deal of die appointment. It was only the disinterested lookers-on, the Irivolous people who go to raen'mdetiegs to eat and drink and stare ' about thee'ln the snnshine, the ulodhoppers p and bumpkins, who stand beside the rails and gaze ast the 'scene as at the figures 'in a b kkleidoseope-it is only for these that therb II id nobitter in the cop of pleasure, no fly in the'ointmneht. . " "' I Pcaeraid, after a' magnificent lead, which b slated all his backers, shut op-in Mr. Bat flld'e parlanse-like a teleroope. He 'was a E powerfl horse, and would have polled cplen. r nidly through heavy gronnd, but the weather s had been peerless; and the eourse was dry ' ad hard, so the lighter' horses bhad' the i advantage. Beeching and Belfield ate their u doeb ln'mdody silence, and 'drank twice as deplas u they would have done to binaliee o I I'll be'hanged"if I spind anotbed onight a is this corsed hole,' said Valentine when the I day's naeing-was over, ' e t ' Oh, you'd better see it out. I've got the rooms for the week, don't yon know, and I a shalt have to pay pretty stiffly for them; and I1 rve ordered dinner. You may just as well ti stay.' h " - h 'Make it Yotkshire if you grodge- youir obhey, and when you come back to town I'll e eutre op, retorted Valentine, etilkily. ' I'm 'I ter'dio' the whole ouniness. Your stable has r never brought me luok. Good.nlght Il' tI It was only half.past five o'clock; the son h was high still, -but eloping westward., and a carriages and foot people weremoving out of the great green valley In vast'.,masses of N shifting lights andaolours. A pretty-dese; s hut far from'pleasant 'to' the .jaundieed"eyve of Valentine Befleld. ' : -e got into'a" cab, drove io"the hotel, l bondled bis things into bag and portman. I teas, and had them carried to the adjaeaont is sation just td itine for ones, of the speoials u which were taking- the racing .men back to a London. He got into a saloon carriage, c coiled himseli up in's corner oat of the dust and the glare, and presently, when the f eprese wase flying asroes 'the eountry, past g thote broad fields where the corn was 'etjiL standlog, low hills where liiotd and phadps came end went hi' the diftending' q'irsphere h of evening, he fell fast asleip, and 'slept for a nearly a couple of' hore, .leeplig'off that extra bottle of champsgne wbhich he had drank almostunawares in hi disappointment d and exasperation. It wae dark when he awoke, 'black night outside the carriage windows, and within only' 'the dim light' of" the lamp, hish was almost ob0oured 'by tobeooo smoke. - ' - " iThere were very few paseengers in' the hpiolous carringe, and of those few threeo nero -' aaleep, sprawloing in Unrestrained epose upon the moroeoo euhione, worn r ur with open air, sun, duetal, and drink. Two' men eat in the angle of the o~ritage, in a line with.,Mr, 'Balfeld's corner, and tboe tewo were talkig confidentially be- d iwen "the ' lazy 'consumptite of t-liert rigerettes, 'talking in thosei undertoiees sbhidh ire sometimes morea di?tiootly oddible e than the biawl and babble of loud vetaloes. ' I 'tell you, my dear fellow, everybody , knew all about it eseept the gontleman mot h coneerned,' reid one,. * and whether he idn't'know,' br whether he was' wilfully hlied, it an open qua?tion. I don't like the m.an, and' I'should'be willingtothink'any thing bad' o him, but he's a good bred 'an, o "ithew' and 'I .soppoet we uooght to give ,lm'the'beneflt of the doubt.' r - "' He was never about with her,' returned the other man; ' ohe went everywhere with her alater, and we all know what the elater 'A very charming woman,' said bits I • . . y tr!n1 W3r.tu a anuu, c and a very anug5eruO one -- She's about the oalvereet -woman I out, I. think, 'for' without :odlmproihlentg I herselt rosy seriously she has contrived to mike. more out of: her admireri : than oay woman in Londonn.- S'he6 most have bled Beeohing to the tane of a small fortune, I fansy.' ' Oh. Boeehieg It fait game,' said' the other man..' Nobody minds Beeohing. Thas kind of pigeon was made to. be plucked; besides, Beaching is uncommonly careful, TNobody will ever do him any harm.' He has the commercial intellect, fully developed. You may depend he keeps a close aooount of his meoon plastirs, hie graeswtidows and each like, and knows to a shilling what they coat him, and will never exceed the limits of etrict prudence.' Mr. Belfleld'e attention was 'fully awakened by this tSlpe., He had turned himself sound in hie shadowy corner, and was watching and listening with all, hie might. He knew one of the men, a member of the Badminton and the Argue, slightly ; the other not at all. , ,'The worse story against her is the tory of the dlamonds,' said the man whom he did not know. ,' . Ah, you were in India when it hap pened, and knew, all about it, Isuppose, replied the other. ' It was, a rather ugly story,, I believe, but I never heard .he details.' . ' I was in Baddeley's regiment when she eamse to India with him,' said the other. " She had not been married six moutha, and was about the loveliest woman Iever saw ipn my life. Ae haan?ome as Mrt., Belfiel4 te now, that splendid Irish beauty, which is unsurpassable while it laest, great grey eyes with black lashes, a complexion ollilies and cainations, form and colonr alike lovely, and luxuriant, a woman who makes every sad in the streets satop all "agape ip look at her. She startled os at our hill elation, I can tell, youen, and the Baddeley madnese raged there all that season like hydrophobia. One of our men, a poor littl? lieutenant, a mere lad, Lord Brompton's, son, took the , disease rery badly. What was spoil for 1 a was death to him. tie full madly in love with his Majorz' wife, and hung about her I and followed her about in a 'distracted, des pairing way that would have been laughable I had it not verged upon the tragic.' a bid she encourage him Y' ' • Of1 course she did. $e was a swell, and he had lots of money. iShe nick-named him l Baby, talked of him asu a "nice boy," and before long he was known everywhere as Mrs, Baddeley's. Baby. He didn't seem to mind people laughing at him. We went to Calouta later on, and there were nalls and all'soete of' high jinla going on, and Mrs. i Baddeliy was the belle of the 'place, and everybqdy, from the Governor-General down wak4s ,'was avowedly, in love with 'her. Pobr young Stioud hung on to her, and wad ' savage with every man she spoke to. ' One' nighs, at the Goveroro-General'e ball,' she came out into a blaze of diamonds. ' One of us' chaffed' the Major bouot' his wife's jijellery ' but he coon it 'a easilyas possible. Shb had hired' 'thei' ti'oni'F?det' th'esgreat Caloutta jeweller; he told' us; "I suppose I shall have to pay pretty lily for'the ase i of 'them," he slaid, ' but it she likes to.out as dash in borrowed'plumoe, I can's complain. g It'll hbe a deouced long time I'm afraid before she'll be able to show a diamond necklace of her own."' The speaker stopped to lighit a fresh cigarette, and then went on lazily, dropping t out his sentences between puffs of tobaco. I 'Baddeley 'is a big, good-natured,' self* indulgent ase, but I don't know that he's e anything more than that. We all laughed at his story of the hired' diamonds, and' six months afterwards when young SBroud broke t for sl.and.tweuty thousand, most of it money borrowed from Calcutta Jews, we all a knew that Mrs. Baddeley'e diamonds counted for somethimg, and Mrs. Boddeley's little 'caprices for something more in the lad's entanglements.. We were all very sorry for him. Bromplon was said to be a martinet, r and the' young man went about Calcutta a looking as white as a ghost for a week or two, while he was trylng to make terms with d his creditors. Then.one morntog in barracks g thire was a great scare. Young Stroud had k shote himself half. an hour after .morning e 'pkrade.' He had left two letters'ob hie table,' one addressed to his father, the other to Mrs. r Baddeley.' ' - .' How did'the lady take it?' a 'I suppose she was rather sorry. She t never showed herself in Calooutta after the s catastrophe. The regimental doctor went to se. her every day, andthe Major told every- 3 one that she was laid up, with low fever, and that the climate was killing her. She'wens v back to England a mouth or so after Strouo's I death, and she carried the spoils of war with r her and has worn them ever since.' '-And you think the younger sister is as bad I' said the other man thoughtfolly. c There was no malevolence in eitherof them. They were only disouseing one of. the e problems of modern sooiesy.. I don't know about that. I believe'sbe a has more heart' than 'Mrs. Baddeley; and that she is over head and ears in love with I 8:. Austell. They have been carrying on all e the season, and I wonder they haven's bolted a before now.' t * My dear fellow, nobody bolts nowadays. v Elopements are out of fashion. There is a nothing further from the thoughts - of a v modern seducer than a mboage. ??hs days of 'of poiteohaies and Italian villa "9re over. t We love and we ride away,' ?i. 'Aelisell is a man of the w6rld' and a'nan' ofthe time., Here we are, old chap. .My trap is to meet a us here.' t They took up.their sticks, hats, and ,tver coats, and, left Ohe carriage before Valentino a Belfield's brain had recovered hem the shook I of a sodden revelation, h 'He started to his feet as they went out, a cailled out to the man he knew, followed to a she door joust s the porter slammed it, and the train moved on. He hardly knew what he meant to- do.' Whether h be would have I o?aled the slanderer to account, caned him, t challenged him. He stood by the door of E the awiftlymovlngearrlage,dazed, bewildered a recalling that idle talk he had overheard from t the darkness of his corner yonder, wondering a how mooh or how little troth there was in it altl. ' A! bout Mrs. Baddeley, 'hls wife's sieter ?i Well, there might be some foundation for t scandal there, perhaps. He had long known r 'that ahewas a coquette, and a clever ooquaeta s who knew how to lead heradmirerson, and o h;ow to keep "them a bay. Be knew that q Beesehing had ministered pretty freely to the lady's caprices; and he had alwaays looked upon Bt. Austell as,the lady's favoured a admirer, and the man for whom she was In rbme danger of compromising hierself. b !The story of young Stroud's fetale psslon b for his Major's wife, and olo ostly jewellery r eiven ata time whed Lord Brompton's hair t as already deeply in debt, was not altogether aet to him. He. had heard some vague. hinb s in the past c but men had been sby of alluding to that old story in his presenoe. He had knoin that 'his iater;in.law had a t een talked about; but no manh bad ever dared to ineinnuate that .she was anything I worse than a cleirer Weoman, 'and 'perfeotly a sapable of taking earo of herself. b" 'I bhack' Mrs. Baddeley and her poodle a 'gainst Lueretia and her dagger,' ho had heard a stranger say one night in the clab emokingroom,: and it had seemed to 'hles somewhat oynical temper that his wife oould not be safer than with a thoroughly worldly J women, a woman who knew every knot med reavelled end in the 'seamy aide' of e'oiety. Boe St. Austeli hise wife's admireri' They two head over ears in love with each other i Never for one' instant had aconh ia possibility a dawned upon; and yet those we men had talked beas if that mutual passion' were ean establieodbdfaot, known to all the world, y eroeept to him, bhe deluded husband. ' Heolen, his Helenl I The 'wife who had satiated him with sweetnese, whose devotion htd ' oloyed, ' whose feidnesa had' been almost a burden.' That 'esh'should play] him false, that' sho sbhiald' oars for any other nian on earth. 'NP, hbe could not believe it. Because two' ools in a railway e oarriage chose to' tell lies, was he to think that the woman who'had' 'counted bhe world well lost for love of him bhad turned trickster t and? ''trlateese and was a?rrltog 'on' with t another msan. '' ' I'' St. 'Alstell, a notorious rake-a moa who had theroiotatlion of being fetal in hit fBeoce over women. The man had oeey ed senogh so long as he had 'thought of -him only as Mrs. SBddeley's' lover; 'but with his nsuspilons fnewly aroused; Valentine' Bel1eld looked back at the history'of' the last few months I and saw all things n" a noew"lght. Hio Sremembered 'how, in all' Mrs. Baddoley's fe.tivitie..at Hirlfrigham, Banelagh, or S ndown';' water parties at o.leoy or Mirlow; Sunday dinners at Richmond; at Greenwich-St. Anetell had always been one of the party. Becs~aiogand St. Austell had always been 'it' hand.' Whoever 'elso was included, those 'two were in. evitable. He had reckoned them both as L-onora' 'devotees ; 'they were the .pair which the drove ..in her car of triumph, like Venus'e doves of Jano'd peacocke. One' possessed' her heart, and roled her life C the ethos was her purea bearer. Knowing all this, or believing this, he hail yet been content that his wife should go everywhere unddr' her ei?tr's wing. The arrangement relieved him of all trouble, and telen seemed'happy. "People complimented him'upon his wife's beauty; and he acsepted their priieeis a kind of tribute to himself; leaosed to show the world how asreless he eosild afford to be about a wife whom every body' adored, seoore ian his unbounded dominion over her, able to-neglect her if he chdee, and yet to defy all rivalry. SCeAPTsR XXVII-,-AN UNFINIeIIED LEi-ret. Mr. Beltfeld eat brooding during the root of the journey to King's Cross, and his thoughts grow darker with the darkeniog night.' Yes, SI. Austell had haunted hie wife's footsteps all through the season that was'past;' He had heard of them riding in thei Aow; is wasr St; Aostell who had chosena Helen's horise at'- Tattersall's, . and wbb had been ofliouisly ,obliging in attend. ing the ealt and 'getting the animal for a price that seemed almost ridiculously at variance with its qoality. He could' reiaoll the whole tirnsation ; hoi in' St. Austell's presenoe ma evening, after a' littlbe dinner in Mrd. Baddeley's' rooms, Helen had eqtreated hie'to boy her a horse, urging Ibid it was odious to ride hired'animate, smelling of the livery-stables, and lsuggestive of a riding master in butcher bodts; how he had declared he couldn't afford to" buy; and how St. 'Austell had told him that It would be a more ecoonomical arraugement than hiring, and had suggested that a?good horse might be got fot ai little money dow that the hunting was all over, '"VWnat do you dail a little money !' Valentine had asked, annoyed at his wife's persistence, and at St. Anstoll'einterferenoe. * :Vell, I asuppose you might pick up a goo' Park haok for ninety 6r a hundred. : *"Nearly' twine at much ds I should like to givL,' answered Valentine, ourty. * How mush-' would you give if there were an opportunity ? I am. at Tattreall's nearly every day; and I would be on the look oat ift knew:what you wanted.' '"1 don't want anylhing.- There are plenty of horses in Davonshire that my wife and I coa ride when'we'r'p thore.'" SBut Devonshire in t thbe Park, Val.' pleaded Heln. ' I want a horse for the Park awfully,' wbherepon Mr. Belield herugge his shoulders, and, said he would give fifty or sixty guineas for a hack, rather ,han be bothered; and with this on gracious permission his wife was. fain ,to be content. Three days after this convereation, Valen tine founds Lord St. Anatell's groom wailting in front of Wilkie Mansions with a thorough: bred bay horse, which he was gently leading up and down the road. ' His Lordship's compliments, sad this Is the horse he has bought for you, sir,' said the man. ' Ravioli, gr8ndeon to' Macaroni. Valentine looked the animal over oritl tally. SIs he sound ?' he asked. Yes, air. His Lordship's vat, looked at him boefo the oale.' VWell, he is very handsome-; and if his manners are as good as his looks, his Lord. ship has made a good purhoase.' Valentine met St. Austell at'hil club next day, and'gave him a cheque for filfy-seven guinease'. at which sum the horse had been knokcd .doin to hlm at Tattereall'e. At anon a price, the animal, if sound, was an uniluestionable - bargain. V'lentine had ridden him round the Bow,;and had found his 'paces admirable,' although he was obviously over.weighted:by anything above twelve stone, For a light weight like Helen the horse was perfection. The yard 'must have been asleep when you bought him;' said Valentine. ' Oh, I krew how to 'bide my time and waieh my opportunity,' answered St. austel, lightly. 'I am very glad yeou'r atisflied with my choice.' ' ' ' More than satisfied, my dear, fellow.'. So the matter had ended. Mr. Belfeld, full of his own schemes, pleasures, and excite mente, hadthought no 'more of the horse, except to remember that he had made a eaor8ice to'bis wife in buying him, and thai shecought to be very grateful, . . To-night, looking bask at the palt in the new light of awakened doubts, he shrewdly euepeeted that St. Auntell. had fooled him, and that, under the pretemes of getting a bargain at Tattersall's, he had presented the woman he admired with a horse that had coat three times as mueb' ss her' husband was willtog.d pay. And she hadl'known the sebrer' of she tranesation, no doubt, and they had laughed together at the husband's meanness, and at the ease'with which he had been bhodwinked. Valentine Belfeld almost choked with rage at the idia of his own blindness. 'r -To think that I should be deceived by any woman-above all by my wife-the wife I won as easily as a pair of gloves-and by heaven, I thought she was as much my own as my gloves or.my hat-se faithful to me as my favoeuritedog.'' 'Yet remembering how easlly'she had been won, how quickly she had wavered in her fdelity to Adrian, he could scarcely wonder that she had faltered in her truth to him. St.' Austell "was. 'fasolnsllng, "a man of eminently seduotivedmanners deeply read in that modern literature which women appreciate, dietlintly a len to please women -while he, Valentine,'was a sportsman, ear. Ing very little for women's society,' and mak ing no sacridofices to 'please them, despising shem rather as a lower, order of beings whose nature it was to be suppliants and adorers of bhe master spirit, man. He hadnever ttiought of his wife's 'love lortbhim 'as a measurable qantity,' whieh he might exhanst. ' She hs been a fool, and' she has been i coqunette,' hbi said toi himself, as the train steamed past the shabby streets and gaelit windowe of northern 'Lloadn, ' but L don't believe abshe has boesn anyhbig:worse. Ipwill hi, ty beliness to drive her with a 'ti?hier rsin in tutOre. +Tou hdvebeen.alolwedatogo ton free, my pot. It muiet be urb instedlof enafie, henoeforward. ' ' Ha had : buisessa' in London which' must nee.ds be doie before he could look after his wvile, Postlard'i'difeslt l ieans l?des whlohb mnounled almost to flanolat!riiin, Money wonid have to be raised, and he a aarifice. He could not bring himself to' appear nohil •other forhelp in a turf difaolty ;' firsetly 'aoanoseshehed been very ageneroe to him already, and eeondly beoause there were other dioiulties,- otherdebts imminent,, for which he would be obliged to ask .here assiat. ance, SUnder those iruonmstances he went to a Jew money.lender, and involved-himself deeply in order to raise money against 'ottling day. From the money-lender's ofltes he went to Tattersall's, where he wees almost is well-known as Lord Bs.'Ausetell.,' He eaw cno of the chiefoleirksa a man ?idth whirom be had been on familiar tcmaerm ever sinaoe he bad bean a freqirtenter of, the famous auction yard. i ' There was a horee sold here last April,' hoseaid, 'a thorooghbred bay, grandsoen of Moasreni, I wane very' muon Io know ot what figsrO that' horse' was knoked down. I've got a bht tipod it,' i What's louet bet, Mr, Belfleld, if it's not an ilepertiuent que?tln aseked the man easily, ' If it was, I wundn't mind It from you, Jones,'answered Valentine. *1''ve fld two to eano that Ravioli fo!ohtbod over two hundredd' .'J' S'I think you're pretty safe, sir. Iremember the horse. Be was onn of Captain Poppin gay'a sot; and they'were all good 'ns.' I'll sureitp the ectalogre in a einUte. April 74-1,, 11uh, 14;,..iea, h?r;' 'they ae, huat _ park hacks, team of coach horses,' le ran his fnoger 'd6wn the paiges of a catalogue. his 'praoti~ad eye following the 'figures with amazling rapidity. The prices realised by the' hrsce were written In the nisagin beside tie lot iumbers, and the names of tho" piroliaseri on theo.hor elde of the ' avioll, feia years old, thoroughbred, has beoe hunted with the Pytohley, nsrries a tldy,' he eoad. 'Your maoney's ' ate, Mr. DIldeld." Two hundred and seventy eight guinnoP. Lord St. Austell bo'aght im.' That's' your tilkdt,' answered Valentine, lightly,' I thought I was pretty safe. 'Good night, a thousand thanks.' He hiad junt sime to catch an afternoon train for the'West of England,'a train which left W?torloo late in the afternoon, and which was'due it Ohadford road station a little be fore miloight: It' waoa'alowv'iralo, and ';ibs by which he would only' have travelled in an emergency. (Tr`na;imr.- i 