i Rev. C. H. Spurgeon and the Baptist Union. TUB , rDaily Miva. , ot,, October , 27, - writes :-Tho rumour ri few. days .ajo that Mr. Spurgeon was about to loare tho Baptist Union turns out now to b«; correct. ""Replying to his critics and dooloring his; final ideoiBion,' Mr. Spurgeon says i that-." to pursue union at tho expenso of truth is treason to the Lord Jesus. He argues that as a matter of foot 'Í believers in Christ's atonement are now in declared religious union with those who make light, bf it ; thoBo who hold evangelical doctrino are in open alliance with those who call tho Fall a fable, who deny the personalty of tho Holy Ghost, who oali justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation aftor death, and a future restitution for the lost." Ho says, " Wo have before us tho wiotohed epeotaolo of professedly orthodox Christians publicly avowing their union with thoso who deny tho faith, and scarcely con- cealing their contempt of thoso who cannot bo guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ." This being tho capo ho retires at once and distinctly from tho Baptist Union, urging that as the Baptist ohurohos are enoh ono of thom self-contained and independent, and thc Union being only a voluntary association of suoh churches, it is n simplo matter for a ohnrch or an individual to withdraw from it. Replying to tho question, " Why not start a new denomination ?" ho says it is a question for which ho has not any liking. Thoro aro denominations enough, in his opinion and " if thoro woro a new denomination formed tho thieves and robbers who have entered othor ' gnrdcuB walled round ' would climb into it also and BO nothing would bo gained, Besides, tho expedient is not needed among churches which aro each ono self-governing and Belf-dotor mining ; such ohnrches oan find thoir own affinities without difficulty, and can keep their own coast clear of invaders." In conclusion, Mr, Spurgeon says; " Oh, that tho days would como when, in a largor communion than nuy Boot could offer, all thoso who aro ono in Christ, may bo able to blend in manifest nnity 1 This can only come by tho way of growing spiritual life, olearor light upon the ono eternal truth and a closer oleaving in nil things to Him who is tho Head, even Jesus Christ." 