TALLANGATTA. MONDAY, August 8. (FBOM OUK OWN COBBESPONDENT.) The conccrt iu aid of the Church of England building fund was held on Friday evening in the court-house, which was crowded on the occasion. The programme opened with a pianoforte solo by Miss Paton, followed by a song by Mr. Dixie. Next Miss L. Lewis sang "I will take you back, Kathleen ;" song by Master W. Dyring ; the Misses West s^ng " We are Fairies of the Sea." A song and aanc, "A style I call my own," by Mr. Uergin, followed. Miss A. Dyring sang " Sing me an English Song." A recitation by Mr. Crebbin, and a hornpipe by Mr. Carkeek, wound up the first part of the performance After an intermission of 20 minutes, duriug which refreshments were handed round, the second part was opened by a pianoforte solo, ' Martha," by Miss Katie Murray. Mr. Beck saug " Barney, take me home again," which was succeeded by a duet by Mrs, Roper and Miss Lewis, " Music and her Sister Song." Mr. C. Southern gave the "Good Rhine Wine," which was followed by " The Wood-nymph's Call," by Miss A. Dyring, Miss Roper next sang "Forget ;" then came " List to the Convent BeUs," by the Misses West. The other numbers were a comic song, " He's got 'em on," by Mr. Bergin; a reci'ation by Mr. Crebbin; and a song by Mr. W. Dyring jun., " Tell her I love her so;" thus wound up a very successful entertainment. I have made no individual comment by eaying Miss So-and-so sang sweetly or played exquisitely, or Mr. So-and-so fairly brought down the house. No ; but I shall lump them, and say that all did splendidly. The voice of the chairman, Rev. Mr. Drewett, was drownee frf quently by the yells of " Encore /" I .thought some of them would dislocate their j 1 •vs. " The mirth and fun was fast and furious," whi?h did not abate when the concert ended, as a plain and fancy dress ball opened as soon as the L.jrras could be removed ; proceeds of the latter went to the Football Club. I cannot describe the various costumes, but the most striking were —Mr. W. H. Roper as Charles II. (on beholding him with his sword, hat, and plume, I thought he must resemble Fitzjames on entering the room where his courtiers were assembled, with Ellen Douglas—Lady of the Lake—leaning on his arm); Mrs. Roper as an Italian lady ; Miss Bartlett as the Devil; Miss Gussy Dyring as the Pet of the Regiment; Mr. Dixie, a ghost; Mr. W. Dyring, juur., a monk ; Mr. W. Thomson, a stockman; Miss Lewis, a shepherdess; Mr. M'Leod, a footballer; Mr. Henty, a sailor; Mr. II. Caldwell, a postboy ; &c.; A football match nas played here on Saturday evening between the Tallangatta and Mitta Mitta teams. The former were as usual victorious, getting two goals to their opponents' nil. The Mitta lads were impounded next day, 13 horses having got out of Osrkeek's paddock during the night. One mau stabled his, and when the alarm was raised that the horses were gone, ho wcut to get his horse, bat lo I he was fuuud lying dead. The others were all found in the evening " Mr. Lloyd, late of Ournie, has taken possession of Dyring's hotel. As his fame as a jolly good fellow has preceded him, he is sure to become popular amongst us It will take him a week yet to settle down to his business, during which Mr. Sullivan has consented to remain, and will no dnibt initiate Mr. Lloyd iu the mystery of mile) management..' While regretting Mr. Sullivan's departure, I am pleased that he is to be succeeded by a person combining the qualities of a gentleman aud a " sport." The North German Lloyd's Company's .steamer Lubeck ariived at Sydney on 4th inst-. Iroiu Apia and Tonga. Among the passengers were Captain G. H. Casseboom, of the German sbiji, Hugo, Mr. Hnwer, the chief officer, aud the crew of that vessel, which has become a tot il wreck. The Hugo was on the voyage from Melbourne to the Pbocaix group, and she ran on a reef 011 the evening of the 27th May. The accident was not attended by any loss of lile, every one ou board being able to successfully make Euderby Island, which is uuinhabited, iu ship's boats. Upon this island the shipwrecked crew existed in the best way they could from the 27ih May to the 20til June, whesi they were picked up by the E igli.-li schoouer Olive Cap'.ain Ross, of Auckland, aud conveyed to Apia, which was Teached upon the 12ch July. The reef upon which tbe Hu^o struck is said to be wrongly 4esignatdd upon the chait, for it extends six miles further out to sea than is shown. A barque of the same nauie cleared at Melbourne on the 3lst March for Canton Island, in ballast, uuder the cowmaiui of Captaiu Myerhein, aud probably she is the same vessel. 