PUKE GOLD ! BY MRS. H. LOVETT. CHAPTER XXX [II. FOXIIALIi COURT. 'Then you ought novor to have married hhu.' 'Good gracious !' said hor ladyship onco ?' 'more, and helped herself to nale de foic gras in. ? silence. ' What do you supposo women marry for 1' she demanded; after a few minutes devoted to fclio eniovmenfc of tho delicacv which was on her plate. ' Heaven only knows !' .cried Lotty scorn fully, with a shrug of hor shoulder. i u VVomenmniry for an establishment,*' said her ladyship severely ; 'for a position in the world ; for social standing which they cannot obtain aa long as they remain single.' ' Ah yes, with a husband afctaclicd--I sec; ! ? Well 1' rising suddenly from ? the table and walking away to the windows, ' all that is what I shall never marry for ; not if I have to remain Letitia Ortuond to the last day of my life.' 'I am afraid you will find some difficulty in getting what you want,' said her sister coldly. 'I am afraid I shall,' she answered ; then, as her eyes looked over the wide, flat valley that stretched far away till it melted altogether into the tender grey line of the distant horizon this incomprehensible girl's eyes filled suddenly with blinding tears,' as slie murmured belo'.v her' breath, — 'I shall not ever get what' I want— not ever — ever ! ' ? Letty's life at Foxhall Court had been a tranquil and uneventful ono ; she had come ? there ' at the end of July, with her he.trt wounded and aching sorely with tbe .great! ? : misery of her life. . ; ? ;. Sir George had been a»vay— ifor in tho summer when he could not hunt he attended ? race-nfeelings all over the country, and nt the time'of Letty's arrival he was on a lengthened tour of a fortnight or three weeks in the county of Sussex, Goodwood, Brighton, and Lewes being the programme.of his proceedings. Lady Armstrong was of necessity living a very .quiet life, and the tranquility of the country ' house was very grateful to Letty. , -- The 1st of August that year was a dajr she never forgot all her life long. She kept it as a sort of religious festival — remaining in her bedroom during the morning ? 'hours, and reading over the marriage service with floods of bitter tears and prayers that ' wrung her very soul from their intensity — 'prayers for him that he might be happy, and ' for herself that she might learn to be resigned. For two or three days afterwards Letty felt ?' as if life was absolutely over for her. She moved about the house like a ghost, with a heavy step and a pale face, and there were great black circles around her eyes, that told of sleepless nights and of tnars. Helen was much taken up with her own ailments at that time, and nobody took any notice of Letty's haggard appearance. Then, when the blackness of despair was at its worst with her, there came a sudden reac tion. Somebody (she had reason to believe it was Lord Warlock) sent her one of the society papers, in which one paragraph, headed 'Jilt. '» ing in fashionable life,' was heavily scored . down the sides with a pen and ink. In this it was mysteriously stated how a certain lady, renowned for her beauty, who resided not a stone's throw from St. Peter's, Eaton Square, at which Church she was to have been united to a gentleman supposed to have become a millionaire a short time ago on the death of a -miserable uncle, who died like the hobgoblins of old, in 'a gloomy northern fortress, had either thrown over this excellent parti, or been by him thrown: ovei-j on the very eve of mar riage, nobody quite knew how, why, or where :f6re;''save! that the wedding-day had arrived, a good many of the wedding guests actually as sembled in the church clad in their best gar ments ; but there being no bride or bridegroom forthcoming, and no parson to perform the ceremony, '?? these unfortunates dispersed to their homes to the small amusement of the -?crowd without. The paragraph went on further to state that the gentleman, ' in whose character the lady had in all probability discovered some grave flaw,' had, 'we understand, fled precipitately -to foreign parts,' and an extra ten lines were 1 added, touched in flowery terms, speaking in high eulogy of the admirable conduct of the young kdyV who could thus nobly vindicate the honour and purity of her sex, by courage ously at the last moment refusing to unite herself to a man whose character was too evi dently unable to stand investigation. Lotty read all this through 'from end to end like one in a dream j she' flushed with honest -indignation over 'the- insinuations which the fertile imagination 'of an ignorant and imper. tinont correspondent had dared to make against :the charac'ter of such a man as Valentine Eyre . and then she experienced a curious sensation' ' It was riot iu'the least a subject of joy or con gratulation to her to learn that his marriage had thus been broken off at the last moment j what she felt was rather the intense pity and sym pathy which she knew he must ?havo under gone. ?' He has found her out !'.' she said tol her self, :and she said it not with gladness, but with .heartfelt sorrow and regret. She had prayed for his happiness, and, lo ! .here was the result ! And Lefcty's tears flowed faster, than before. There came a lottor from llita, written dur ing her week of gniotyatLord Harley's house near Goodwood, and she, too, mention od', amongst the gossip of. tho dny, that Mr. Eyro's marriage had been broken off, nobody seemed quito to know why; no doubt it was that horrid Miss Abbott's fault, said Rita, but that was the natural view which a woman would be likely to take of tho circumstances, and Rita branched off into rhapsodies over the races, and tho balls, and her own successes) and her delightful now frocks, all jumbled up together in a chaos which Lotty took but litilo pains to unravel. A few days lator assurance was made doubly sure by a letter from Lady Cornelia Fanshawe. ' Mr. Valentino Eyro is again in the market,' wrote her ladyship. 'Ifitwero*of any good to suggest anything to such an in corrigible girl as you are, I should recommend you to write him a letter of condolence to his club. I hear he has gone off abroad, nobody knows where, but I daresay he has his letters forwarded to him. You -;ould do no harm by writing a line, and you might might toll him that, of course Madeline Abbott was always insincere and (ickle. No doubt ho has found out something about her goings on with the cousin ; however, I will leave al! details to you, if 'only, you will have the sense to follow my advice. Rita is getting on very well, though not half so pretty as you are; sho goes down much better, because she is generally more amiable, and does not make those awfully alarming speeches which you do. Young Ma therson — Sir Henry's eldest son — is already' very attentive to her. She listens to me dutifully, and is a very good girl, and her dresses suit her well, particularly the cream and the blue, etc., etc.' Thon followed a long description of Rita's different dresses and bonnets. It is needless to say that Lfttty proved herself as hopelessly incorrigible as ever by not paying the slightest attention to her ladyship's advice. But by degrees the girl grew lighter-hearted and happier. Life seemed no longer to be closing in an etarnal and impenetrable gloom. Her colour came back to her ; her step became lighter j she took an interest tu the country life about her— in her brother-in-law's horses —and quite enjoyed heing drivan about by him in a high dog-cart, with two horses tandem, that had never been put into harness before. For deep down in her soul Val's image reined supreme. She had no longer any need to banish thatloved face from her dreams— to shut the door of her heart ngoinsfcall the sweet recollections of her life. For it was no longer — as she had once imagined it a sin to be — a sin to think about him ! Then bye-and-bye came the birth of the baby, and Letty became quite bright and lively over the small' nephew, and his wonder ful peculiarities, such as surely no baby ever possessed before. So that when we fiiid her agaiirby the lst:of November ;she is; ''if'1 riot an altogether happy woman, yet still a. veiy'fairiy contented one, with plenty to occupy Her mind and 'her life, and with only one1 deep longing craving ever present inthe depths of her heart, to teach her that life contains sweeter possi bilities for her than she has ever yet been for tunate enough to experience. : When Sir George came in covered with mud from his first day's hunting, about^five o'clock, he made a remark to his wife of which Letty, who was handing the weary hunter his tea and bread-and-butter by the fireside, took at first no notice. 1 '?' I- am happy -to ,/ tell you, iny dea.r,' that Oroxton House is let at last.' ' Is it ? ' indifferently from Lady Armstrong. 'Yes, and to a good man too. He has brought down a dozen horses, 'and means to hunt hard— a rich man, and a bachelor, Ihear. He will be a great acquisition to the country.1' 'I am glad you 'are pleased.' ' I am very pleased. It's always a. nuisance having a place like . that empty— a favourite meet too. Be was out to-day, but I had no opportunity of being introduced tbjhim — didn't know who he was, in fact, till after he had gone away. I must go and call on him.' ' Who is lie 1' ' A Mr. Eyre- — Mr. Valentine Eyro.' The' plate of hot muffins which Letty was handing to her brother-in-law fell suddonly out of Letty's fingers on to the hearthrug, and while she stopped in confusion to remedy tho accident, and to hide her crimson cheeks, Lady Armstrong remarked — ' Dear me, how very odd ! It must bo Val Eyre, whose wedding was broken off with Miss Abbott in the summer. They say he behaved badly — most men do. We knew him as a boy, didn't we, Letty. He is an old love of mine- Sir George.' ? . CHAPTER XXXIV. THE CITY OP REFUGE. When Valentine Eyre had turned! his back upon Chester Square, and went out £roni Made line Abbott's presence into 'the', sunshine of the summer morning, he had at first no other sen sation save d dumb gnawing pain of an inde scribable nature, and a suffocation that made him gasp for breath as he walked. For hours he felt nothing else. He wandered aimlessly about round and round St. James' Park, not knowing whither he went, and not being con ? scious either of where he was or the objects ipon which his eyes rested. London was smpty now ; the- season was over now ; the vorld of fashion was away upon the Sussex towns; his friends and acquaintances were, or the most part, gono; yet even one or two uen to whom hu was known passed him,-ancl i-eceiv'mg no answer to their passing suiiitations jave a dull vacant gazo jn which thero was no recognition, wondered what was tho matter with tho man who had everything that wealth and youth can bestow, and who, to crown his good fortune, was about to wed the handsomest woman in London. For a long time Val re mained so, diizocl and half stupefied ; he tried to oxplain to himself what had happened, and marvolled that he did not feel it more. 'It is very bearable,' he said to himse1^ ' I had no idea it 'would hurt so little. Made lifo has refused to marry me. Madeline bus never loved1 me j it is my money she wanted {not myself, and she has as good as told mo so, and yet 1 live, [ breathe, and tho world goes on around mo as usual ! Can I be insensible to pain, or dull of comprehension, that this thing does not come horae more to me 1 But ho misunderstood himself, as most of us do. We think that such and such things will kill us — that, under certain circumstances, we shall behave in a certain manner — be affected to a particular degree, and act after a parti cular fashion ; but when the crisis of ourlives comes to us, we feel and think and act in a totally different way to till our preconceived notions concerning ourselves ; that is because wo none of ua understand our own natures, for until ho has boen tried, no man knows what he will do. Val, had he been capable of reasoning upon his own symptoms, which he was not, would have known that this very numbness and in sensibility at which ho marvelled 'so greatly, boded ill to him. A wild storm of sorrow or anger, that seems to shake the soul to its vory foundations, that, terrible as it may seem to he, is us nothing — because a storm cannot last more than a certain ? time ; it spends its fury, and then it is over, and beyond a fciv incidental ravages, does no further harm, but subsides by ?degrees into calmness, and a condition1 which, if not actual peace, is in a fair way of becoming so. But that dull pain, that bewildered ' in sensibility, that incapacity for realizing what has happened, does but show that the power of suffering and feeling is not yet thoroughly awakened — that the worst has not come. These are the people in whom the capability of sorrow is the greatest, and upon whom the troubles of this world- leave the longest and most enduring scars. Val' neither moaned in sorrow nor raved in dnger; he only marvelled at himself; then, after a time, he went off to his rooms. There he found his valet packing up his clothes, and laying his wedding-coat, which .had just come in from the tailor's, carefully out upon his bed. Even this sight did not give him more than a stab, a swinge of pain, as it were. A frown contracted his forehead for a moment; then he- turned his back upon the bed, and gave fresh orders in a hard, dry. voice to his bewildered servant. : 'I am going to the club to lunch. When I come back in an hour's time, I expect to find two portmanteaux packed ready for me. Put in country clothes, and such things as are suit able for foreign travelling. I am going abroad this afternoon.' 'Sir/'. ' Don't stand staring at mo, but do as I tell you. After lam gone pack away my things in the wardrobes, and give the key to the land lady. Here is :i month's wages for you. As soon as you have locked up everything, and put everything safely away out of the 'dust, you may go. I shall not want your* services' any longer.' 'But, sir ? ' ' Ask no questions, but do as I tell you.' Val was as good as his word ; he came back after an hour. Whether he had been to his club, and whether or no he had eaten any luncheon, must for ever remain a mystery. At any rate, no one who ever knew him ever saw him at the great house in Pall Mall that' day. He took his portmanteaux and he went abroad, leaving no address of any kind, nor any place to which his letters were to be for warded. He had a craving to hide himself. When a man is struck tOJ the1 heart, he is like a wounded animal, and would fain bury him self away out of sight of his kind, either to recover himself or to die, as the case may be. So Val went his way, and left no trace behind him of whither he had gone. And three days later, in a dead-alive northern French town, whore, by -the merest chance, his wandering steps had taken -him, the crash came. For weeks he lay sick unto death in a sti fling hot bedroom, in a second rate hotel. Knowing nothing, seeing nobody, tossing un conscious upon his bed in the wild delirium of fever attended by a French doctor, who had very dirty hands and smelt of onions, and yet who was not unskilled in the art, nor unkind in the ministrations of his duty; and with a meek-faced sceur de eharite seated by his bed . aide, who administered tisanes to him with gentle hands, and listeried unmoved to all her patient's wild ravings, uttered in broken cries and in an unknown tongue. Ce pauvre monsieur: Anglais, as they called him, not knowing him by any other name, had a bard fight of it for ' his life, during those long terrible weeks of fever. Always before his eyes he saw his dream over again — the dream that he had dreamt in Curzou-street, where Madeline first chained his heart. Always he saw the church, and the flower decked altar, and the stained-glass window above, and the crowds behind. And ho heard the organ pealing, and saw tho white-veiled figure at his right hand— the iiguve of his bride. And then, with a wild crash, every thing changed — flames of tire ' burst forth around him, tho church crumbled away iuto dust, and ho stood hand in hand, not with Madeline, but with a hideous grinning skeleton ! {To be Continued.) 