LOVE OR DEATH. -4- (BY RIomtown THATrcEn.) C. ..OHAPTER T-I.-(Continued.) *'.ho is she ?' he would say. ' I don't. know, and I don't care. She Sfills the treasury and makes the ghost walk , Sho's the dlovorest woman that ever showed in New York, and that's .enough for me, sir'Cee.' After tile time was up for which she had engaged with Mr. Chawson, she expressed her intention to travel, and that disconsolato lessoo dictated, much against his will, terms of agreement with Crouch, of the Republican Theatro, San Francisco, which were accepted; and Fanny loft for the gold coast, bidding farewell for a time to .the rough: but kind-hearted Chawson, with . many mutual expressions of sorrow and regret at parting. CHAPTER IV. \- FIISCO. STHERE was a Trans-pacific railway scross the continent at that time, and the voyage had to be made by steamer. It was accomplished, however, and Fanny nMarshall, now La Belie Ameri caine, with her agent, landed at the Ulniversal Packet wharf, and was re :: oeived by emissaries from Mr. Crouch. T- he lady was whipped into a carriage amidst the cheers of a great crowd, which the enterprising Mr. Crouch ' had talken care should meet the stea mer and greet the great actress whose fame was to fill his pockets. The enterprising Crouch had not been idle since the engagment of the new star. He had many dise?ssions with his stage manager on the knotty point of the opening piece in which to introduce 'La Belle Americaine ' to the Pacific public 'La Belle Ameri .caine,' the play itself, was not suited for the Western States. 'Shake speare,' Mr. Crouch observed, 'wasn't worth anything; he was played out, and was very expensive to mount.' Tom Taylor and Boucicault had to be localised so frightfully that they lost half their value when brought across the Atlantic. She must have some thing tip ton. that was certain; some thing Al, and new, if possible. New! that was it exactly. Young Leslie was the very man; right into their hands. Leslie was a rising author; he had written two or three success ful farces, adapted a few burlesques, and dramatised an English work of fiction. He was a successful press man, and altogether the very man to write a drama in which the powers of La Belle Americaine might be shown to the best advantage. He was a local man, too, and Mr. Crouch knew how to appeal to a discriminating and generous public to encourage local talent. The order was given, and the young man set to work to produce a piece, an original drama, worthy of even .so bright a star as La Belle. He threw his soul into the task; he knew it would make or mar his fame as a dramatist. He had his foot on the ladder of renown. He was to climb-to reach the top, and grasp all the emoluments attendant on success, or fall into the abyss of mediocrity if he failed; and no one knows how bitter such a fall and failure can be but the aspiring but disappointed genius, who has assayed to climb and failed. Herbet Leslie had long been confi dent that he could write a drama; he only waited for the chance, and it had come. When he submitted the manu script of 'The Creole's Revenge' to Mr. Crouch; and Burton, the factotum, they at once said it would 'go.' Mr. Crouch even went so far as to say it was a 'snorter.' Leslie had not written exactly to please himself. He mknew that he was writing for the Pacific public, and he grafted on to words, scenes, and situations, many noble sontiments. He made a sort of. compromise with his conscience and ambition. He was aware thathad he written a play in which real men and women had been introduced, and made to talk as men do, it would not be suffered to. reach the length of one performance; so he sacrificed truth and fidelity, as all dramatic authors are forced to do. But ho gave, in the place of' real life, an ideal one, which, while it. appealed to the sympathies and piodilections of play-goers, was true and faithful to that ideal. He had to create stage men and women, but he did not niake them 'stagey;' he endowed them with life, and did not merely fashion so many puppets. He savo each man and woman in the piece an'individuality. If they spoke his words they were bound to be con sistent, and become component parts of the whole of his plot. Burton, the factotum, kneow it would go. Theio wore 'lines ' for the gods, Swhich he know must bring down that portion-of the house, and he felt that the'interest he himself experienced in merely reading the play must be in creased tonfold :if it were properly acted, and that he was determined it should be.,: : So 'The Oreole's Reveonge,' an entirely nibeivnd original drama, by Herbort Loslie, Esq., written expressly for La B61l Aierricaine, was billed in profusion. Portraits of a beautiful Creole, witlh dishevelled hair, and supernaturally large eyes, driving a knife into a man whose arms were raised aloft, were plastered on every ' available spot: all :through the city. ' La Beolle Amorionino,' and 'The Creole's Revngeoi' Wore in everybody's mnouth. If a cart-horse fell down in the streeoot, ":bfoio his"l dying agonies were over he was covrerod with posters. Mr. Crouch had 't6 pay many fines for disfiguring private property with his bills, but he did niot mind that. He even got the 'roporters to give long accounts of the actions brought against him, and to head,.them in.the paper as '~itbro' Dsoiration.'., He hold that ' advertising, without it' were o ell done, had boetter be loft alone; and he would have covered the pulpits of the churches and the public buildings of the city with his bills if he dared. Every seat in the circle and stalls of the theatre was taken long in advance of the first night of the now star's performance in the new and original drama. A speculator bought a great many tickets, and disposed of them at a large profit. Single seats were even advertised in the papers. Mr. Crouch 6of course had a great deal to do with this; but there was really a great curiosity to see and hear the famous actress in the young dramatist's first original play. The opening night came. The Republican was crowded, densely packed by skilful persons engaged to make the most of every seat; the only unengaged portions of the place were filled by 7 o'clock. Not a moment was lost from the time the doors opened; one unceasing crowd thronged in till 'full' was announced at all parts of the house. Eight o'clock, and the curtain rose. Little attention was paid to the piece till shortly after its commencement, when La Belle Americaine came on, took one glance at the house, bowed once and waited; bowed again as a thunder of applause shook the place. Such cheers! never more cordial wore ever accorded to any woman who went on the stage-cheers which were repeated till throats grew hoarse, and the owners tired. Then she gave a final acknowledg mont and plunged into her business. She was a beautiful young Creole girl, happy in an illicit love with her young master. How she acted the part. One would have thought her the most impressionable of women; she revelled in her passion and devotion. Love sparkled in her eyes and beamed forth with every glance. Her lover was a planter's son, whose word she took as gospel. She was his idol-he her god. He was toying with her; she was loving and bestowing her whole heart on him. She made himn swear.to love her-never to change; come what would, they twain were to be one flesh. How it brought down the house.. How the gods cheered and applauded the noble sentiments of the loving, trusting girl, abandoning her self to her destroyer. Her love in its depth and magnitude took the taste of the audience, and applause followed every line. Then the role changed. A rival appeared on the scene-not a declared one, but a girl whom she mistrusted, about whoin she hadmisgivings. The transition from fond, trusting, fancied, security, to doubt and mistrust, was grand. It concluded the first act, and as the curtain dropped, such deafening yells rent the air as had never before been heard in the Republican. It was raised again, and disclosed La Belle Americaine still in the same attitude as when it dropped-an attitude of partly despair, partly anger and mis givming. Again the curtain was lowered, but the delighted and as tonished audience would have the woman as well as the actress, and Fanny had to appear from the side entrance, led by the perfidious young planter. Then shegot another ovation, and bowed her thanks again, and retired to her dressing-room. She was satisfied now; her ambition found a realisation; the day dreams she had indulged in at the Monte were dreams no longer, and her tri umph was complete. The cheers and applause that had resounded through the theatre, filled her with delight; she knew they were deserved; and then she thought over the language, the delivery of which had wrought the audience up to an enthusiasm she had never seen equalled. She had found a modern author who realised her idea of a dramatist-who made the conventionalities of modern life subject to his will; who without in fringing the rules or distorting the language of the period, made them agents to bring them about a truly glorious result. Her newly-discovered genius, she .thought, had the keen perception of the older writers, with a perfect knowledge of the modern life. A little experience would develope his powers, and the result would be other 'Schools for Scandal,' more 'Stran gers' and ' Hamlets.' The second act only established her fame, and rendered the house more enthusiastic. She was a deluded and forsaken woman now, terrible in her wrath - only living for revenge; futious at having been deceived 'and forsaken- desperate at having lost a heart that beat for her only. Anguish and desire for revenge struggled for mastery. By a novel arrangement of the stage, the perfidious young planter could be seen with his new love, while the Creole looked on, listening to his vows made to another as he had made them to her, watching his blandishments, of which she had before been the recipient. Then Fanny's triumph as an actress culmi nated; pit, stalls, and circle were in a frenzy of admiration at the despair, anguish and fury she pourtrayed without speaking a word. Her face, now livid with rage, now distorted by strong feeling that seemed to rend her as she writhed in wrath, was as mobilo as if it had been pliant material moulded by an artist. The house was breathless, spell-bound by her astonishing genius; passion.and purpose were shown without any violent geotures--they shone.in every movement, and were proclaimed by overy change in her marvellously ox pressivo face. People trembled for the unconscious young planter and hie new love. Much as he had sinned, he had not deserved the awful hatred t6hat La Belle Americaino showed. It was a relief when, overcome by tlhe intensity of her feeoolings, the revenge fGul Creole sank exhausted and sense less on the stage. Cheers renewed again and again caused the curtain to rise, and Fanny again to mako her appearance at the wings, and receiveo bouquets in scores and terrific applause. In the third act she did not appear till the finish-thon, disguised as the false young planter's new mistress, she kept her rival's assig nation, when after some magnifi cent by-play, she threw off her disguise and stabbed her false lover to the heart. More magnificent dumb show was introduced-the planter making love to his new love, as he thought, wondering why she was so coy and silent. Fanny's face, which could be seen by the audience (in its disguiso) was a study. Her smiles and acceptance of her victim's caresses were Satanic in their devilish cunning, and as she tore off her hood, raised the dagger, and her own voice hissed -' This for you, traitor;' the audience held their breath, and a feeling like that experienced on witnessing a murder or an execution ran through the house. That feeling over, nothing but admiration for the artistremained, and she could scarcely give the few lines at the finish for frequent inter ruptions in the shape of bursts of applause. The last lines were spoken, and as she stood, bowing her adieux, bouquets, purses, coins of all sorts, and gold rained upon the stage, for it was some years ago, and Californians testified their appreciation in a very practical manner. Another call followed, then one for the planter, his second love, and then a cry of ' author, author,' was raised, and Herbert Leslie left the side box in which he sat, in an agony of sus pense, till the first act was over, and he saw that his drama was a success. He bowed low to the loud anid long plaudits, and was making his way back to the stage door, when, passing the new star's dressing- room, his name was called, and Fanny opened the door. He went in; she stood there flushed with triumph, her eyes spark ling, her breast heaving. Leslie thought he had never seen so glorious a creature. Her hair was loosednow, and hung in heavy dark masses on her shoulder, which, though they had been coloured, as was her face, to a dark shade, were surprisingly beruti ful. Rather below than above the average height, Fanny had a figure fi~t for a sculptor's model; her arms were round and beautifully moulded-her face was expressive, and her eyes had the beam which genius and intelli gence only can give. Her part lay on the table, with some exquisite articles of jewellery flashing with gems. She leaned against her dressing-table, looking dreamily down, as if in deep thought. Presently she raised her head, and said: 'You wrote that play '-half as an assertion, half interrogatively. 'I did,' he answered; ' I hope you liked your part.' 'It is the most beautiful modern drama I ever played in. It is grand. You leave me to express a great deal without words.' 'I was fortunate to get my meaning so well explained.' 'Your praise is more grateful to me than the call and cheers I have just received.' 'I would rather please an artist than the public.' 'Would you?'. she said; I take that as truth, and must acknowledge it as a compliment. What made you keep me off so long in the last act? Did you trust to me gettmg up a new sensation, or were you afraid the fire would get low, and have to be lighted. up again ?' 'I trusted to a new passion,' he answered, 'and I think the result proves that I was right.' 'Perhaps so,' she acquiesced; then, turning to the things that lay upon her table, she seemed to be again lost in thought. Herbert stood irresolute, scarcely knowing whether to go or stay, when suddenly she turned and looked him full in the face, and said, as if with an offort. 'Where did you learn all those love passages you have put into my part, and that of Darnton (the young planter) ?' He smiled as he replied,.'Iam a married man.' ' A married man ?' -she echoed his words with emphasis. 'Then thei pale, sickly,'-she had almost been rude, but added, after a pause--'lady in the box with you was ?----?. ' My wife,' he said, half defiantly; 'she has not the best of health.' Fanny resumed her preoccupied air ' Good night;' but before he reached the door, she came up to him, and extended her small delicate hand and smiled bewitchingly, saying "Good night" in a hearty tone. He cordially repeated the words and passed out. (Td be Continued.) 