DIOCESE OF SALE. (From our own Correspondent.) . On Sunday last, at St. Mary's; the Bishop preached at the nine and eleven o'clock Masses, and. also at Vespera.in the evening, to large congregations. At the eleven o'clock Mass, which was celebrated by the Rev. F. Tierney, his Lordship, in a lucid discourse on the' "Doctrine of Purgatory," made some expressive allusions to the vanity which prompted the carrying out of funerals with pomp, and the erection of costly monuments. The. costly funeral or the cold marble refreshed not the poor, suffering souls in purgatory, not did they shorten, by a moment, the term of their confinement, or diminish the intensity of their punishment. But the offering of prayers, the gaining of indulgences, the performance of almsdeeds, and, above all, the offering of the holy sacrifice of the Mass were most efiicacious for these ends. He concluded with an earnest appeal not to forget the departed ones, and to make use of those means which their Holy Mother, the Church, assured them were of avail in bringing relief to their sufferings. Immediately after second Mass last Sunday a largely-attended meeting of the St. Mary's Cathedral bazaar committee was held in the school-room; his Lordship presided. An almost complete list of the prizes for the monster artanion was submitted, the values of which range from £1 Is. to £50. It was decided that the bazaar should be called the " Gippsland International Fancy Fair." A communication was received from Maffra to the effect that the ladies of that town intended having a Maffra stall at the fair. The positions of various stalls in the Victoria Hall were allotted, and the names of several influential gentlemen throughout the diocese were placed on the executive. The fancy fair in aid of the building fund of the presbytery at Bairnsdale was brought to a most successful close on Monday evening last, when the drawing of the art-union took place. As I redicted, both the bazaar and art-union Eave resulted most satisfactorily, and this is no wonder, as no effort that the conspicuous ingenuity and energy of its promoters could devise was spared to secure that consummation. If Fr. O'Donohoe has not succeeded in realising sufficient to bdild the palace. which, he humorously remarked, may eventually adorn the town of Bairnsdale, he has, aiMeast, with the assistance of his confrere, the Rev. D. B.Terlin, and his energetic secretary, Mr. C. O'Connor, managed to net as much as will enable him to build a very respectable presbytery. THE BISHOP AT BAIENSDAIE. The Bishop of the diocese paid a visit to Bairnsdale on the 22nd nit., proceeding via the Lakes. His Lordship was met at the wharf by the Revs. P. O'Donoghoe and D. Verlin, and a large number ot the principal Catholic residents, including representatives of the local branch or the H.A.C.B.S. From the Bairnsdale News of the 25th ult. we learn that on Sunday morning his Lordship prewshea from the epistle of the day, and dwelt at • length upon the commandment "Thou slwlt love thy neighbour as thyself-" He impressed upon the connegation their duty to practise the eolden rule of " doing unto others as you would they should do unto you." They were distinctly told in the scriptures that they should pay their debts, and give every nan his own. There were many who did not act on that principle, whilst others ere strictly honest in their dealings. heir natural feelings told them that if hey retained anything which belonged to nother they were doing wrong; but how requently they found people robbing a an of his good name and honour. This as the command of the Almighty, and nlesB they made restitution they were uilty of a grievous sin in the sight of od in proportion to the injury each individual had done his neighbour. The ishop concluded by telling them that they should make every efEort to imitate heir Saviour by returning good for evil. Fr. O'Donoghoe, who had celebrated lass, said it was his pleasing duty to elcome his Lordship to Bairnadale. Mr. M. Goold and Mr. D. Slattery ere then introduced. Mr. Slattery said:— My Lard,—On behalf of the Catholics of you a most earnest and hearty welcome on this your first episcopal visit among us. We oongratulate yon upon your recent elevation to the episoopaoy, and weloome you as the worthy spiritual deBoeudant of cuotleas holy taints and bishops whose sanotit.y and learning have adorned and embellished thn Churoh of Christ at every period of her history. We rejoioe and feel proud that it has pleased oar Holy Father to appoint, as spiritual ruler of this new diocese, a son of that anoitnt race whose numberless missionaries have BDread the faith " from Polar Sea to Torrid Z me, where ere the traoe of man is fouod." Again we welcome you as one whose eminent career has already afforded ample proof that you will use every efEort to spread the faith in this new diocese ; that true and holy faith whose Divine founder wisely ordained that it should open wide its gates and embrace w'ithin its fold every race and nationality; that its worshippers should inolude Oelt and Saxon, Frank and Teuton, tilav and Greek, the Red Indian of America and the Maori of New Zealand. We are glad to weloome a prince of that churoh whieh knows no distinction of race, wbioh has no earthly limits of time and spaoe, and whose spiritual privileges and consolations are at the command of the poorest and most illiterate, equally with the highest and most powerful. But, my lord, eagerly as we welcome you on all these and other grounds, there is still another feeling which animates the hearts of all amongst us that are sprung from that grand old Irish raoe whioo has given so many saints and martyrs to the faith. And to those who hear or may read these remarks I would say, when you have heard the ignorant and bigoted jeer and sneer at the land fromwhioh we sprung, have you remembered that., wben lh» proudest nations of the present day were striped in Barbarism, Irish missionaries were fuuudiDg churches and oolleges throughout Europe. Soaroely had the footprints of our glorious apostle, St. Patrick, dried on the sands of the Irish shore, long before the elosa of the 6th century St. Tridolines, the prinoely scion of a Royal house, had converted large numbers in Australasia, Burgundy, and Switzerland. Forth through Europe and to the farthest bounds of the known world went legions of saintly priests snoh as the two Oolumbas, Brendan, and Virgilius down even to Colrnan, the patron saint of Austria, martyred in the 11th oentury. Many to whom true history appears to be a sealed book do not know that there is not from Italy to Iceland a land in Europe soaroely a province, and probably not an important town, that does not owe a deep dent of gratitude to the early Irish apostles. And to our own land came numbers of the students and noble youth of other countries to obtain a princely education and generous hospitality free of oast. Among them wa» one of England's greatest monarobs, Alfred the Great, who received a prinoely education at our Irish college of Lismore over a thousand years ago. Well and truly has oar land been called the "island of saints and soholars." Just as truly may it be styled the island of sorrows. In evil times fierce, religious prosecutions set in; the priest could not offer the holy saorifi.ee of the Mass under penalty of death, and even the Catholic sohool was forbidden. A Protestant poet and pure-souled patriot, Thomas Davis, wrote:— They bribed the flook; they bribe! the eon To sail the priest to rob the sire. They taught their dogs alike to run Upon the eoent of wolf and friar. Among the poor or on the moor Were hid the pious and the true. While recreant knave and ooward slave Had riches, rank, and retinae. Yet, exiled in those penal days. Oar banners over Europe blaze. Again we weloome you, my lord, and sincerely pray that your episoopaoy may be fruitful of great blessings to the Obnroh in Gippsland. Mr. Goold then read the address as follows:— , To his Lordship the Right Rev. J. F. Oorbett, D.D., Bishop ot Bale. Yoar Lordship,—We, the Catholics of Bairnadale and district, cordially embrace this opportunity of tendering our sincere ongratulations on your weil- deservedWfeva-' ion to the high and exalted ^ositlon' yotf now occupy as a prelate of the Htily'Oaitrid'J io. Ohurch, and first Bishop of Sale., and Oettara ><a warih 'and he«rty %8lootte ! on . , — ,,'j.' a ii...n onr first visit to this portion of your diocese. he noble reputation achieved in jour long nd arduous career as a missionary priest in his colony is favourably known among os, hus enhancing, if possible, our confideno® hat the choice of so many eminent prelates, olemnly ratified by the saintly vioar of hrist is, indeed, moBt happy and approriate. We fully understand that in leaving the ission where, for such a lengthened period, ou successfully laboured in the service of our Divine Master, and where you beoame ndeared to yonr flock by m-iny good and ious works. Another signal prouf has been iven of yonr intense devotion to the nterests of Catholioity and unselfi-h desire o propagate the true faith through all this ew and vast diooese. In this most glorious work we are assured your Lordship will have the oordial, earnest, and valuable arsistanoe f the good and featless priests, who for years have toiled amid great hardships and ifficulties, always seeking, always striving to carry the consolations of our holy religion to its widely scattered but faithful adherents in this extensive and mountainuua mission. Often exposed to cold and inclement weather, on wild and desolate mountain wastes, sometimes breasting, at deadly risk, the inoBt violent and impetuous torrents, in the service of tbeir Masterdanger had no dread for them. Ou the high and rugged peaks of the Australian Alps, in the lonely miner s hut, in far-off mountain gully, in the humble clearing of the hardy pioneer 'mid the almost impenetrable forest, OD the pleasant, peaceful banks of our lovely lakes and rivers, and among the comparative din and bustle of our risiug towns, they have been equal>y solicitous for the spiritual welfare of our people. Thece are some of the works, and this is the spirit whioh, iu the present as in the past, endear the true Oatholio priest, the " Soggarth Aroon" to the faithful people. Humbly, sinoerely, and respectfully we, your Lordship's faithful children, tender our earnest and hearty oo-operation to the best of our limited ability in whatever good enterprises you design for the advancement of Catholic interests, whioh, in every age and ime, have always been the interests of ternal truth and friendship. in this colony it can soaroely be necessary to refer to the large measure of success whioh has attended your efforts in the holy eau^n of aristian education. Much as yen have chieved iu the late sphere of your labours, e earnestly trust and believe that God, in His power and wisdom, will enable you tu do s much for the youth of both sexes in Gippsand during the long term of years it may lease the Almivhty to spare you as our piritual father, guide, and ruler. In conclusion, we humbly and sincerely pray that the Holy Ghost, in His Divine isdom, may be your constant guide and uard, inspiring all your thoughts, and ireo'ing all your notions to tbe sucaessful romotion of the best interests of our Holy aith. We remain, Your Lordship's devoted and servants in Christ, obedient (Signed.) M. GOOLD. D. SLATTEBY. Ou bf-half of the Catholics of Bairnadale District. The Bishop said he was very much gratified at tbe welcome they had given him. He appreciated the address, not because it was a flattering one, but because it convinced him that they had within their hearts deep veneration for the old Church to which they belonged. They expressed in that address veneration for their Church of ages, and it showed that when they had that veneration and love for the Church, they also had veneration and respect for their pastors. In the dark past their forefathers had been true to the Church of Ireland, and neither dungeon nor sword had separated them from it. Mr. Slattery had given them some historic facts about Ireland, which were most interesting, and with most of which he (the bishop) was acquainted. He might say that with such facts before them, had he had the misfortune to have been born out of Ireland, he should regret that he was not an Irishman. Even during the dark hours of sorrow which now existed over that poor island there were those living there, who were determined never to separate themielves until victory had crowned their efforts. His lordship went on to refer to the times when he said it would be death to the priests to celebrate mass in Ireland, and denied the accusation made against the priests of being lovers of ignorance. He maintained that they had always advanced education. He remembered when he was in Bairnsdale, some fifteen years ago, with the Bishop of Melbourne, they had to stay at one of the hotels. When he got there after service he heard one or two young gentlemen— apparently bank clerks—talking abont the sermon. One of them said to his friend "howdid you like the sermon?" And tbe latter replied, give me education and put religion in your pocket. He (the bishop) maintained that they could not have education unless they had religion with it. In State school they had, as all present knew, education without religion, but in the Roman Catholic schools religion permeated the whole masB of education, fie rejoiced to find that herein Bairnsdale 'tiiqy had a -flourishing Roman Catholic school, and he hoped that none of those present would send their children to schools which could not be approved of by the Church. They had in their schools secular and religious education imparted. In conclusion, Dr. Corbett said this was his first visit to Bairnsdale as Bishop of Sale, but it would not be his last if providence spared him. Fr. O'Donohoe next introduced representatives of the Hibernian Society, including Messrs. O'Brien and O'Connor, and the former gentleman read an address from the society. The Bishop said it afforded him great pleasure to find that they had a branch of the society in Bairnsdale, and alluded to the several advantages its members derived from it. He spoke in high terms of its rules, which precluded the admission of all objectionable persons, and provided that every member should be a practical Catholic. He wished it increased prosperity, and that the members would go on as in the past, mutually edifying each other, and doing nothing of which they would be ashamed. Mr. F. M'Namara, the head teacher, and Miss Conley, the assistant teacher, were then introduced, and subsequently the boys of the school, Masters Tim Matigan and T. Ralston, being tbeir representatives. The former read an address. The Bishop received their address with great pleasure, because they were really the apple of the Church's eye. He had never entered a State school, but he would defy anyone to produce a boy who could read better than the lad who had just gone through the contents of the address. His lordship advised them to be always tenderly attached to their fathers and mothers. The execution of " Mozart's Twelfth Mass" at the religious service reflected much credit on the choir, and the singing by Mr. Crowley of Zingarell's " Laudato" was very good. The principals were—Miss Alice Goold (organ), Mrs. Mudie, Miss Mosley, Mr. Crowley, Mr. A. V. Swan, and Mrs. Twentyman and Mr. Winkelman. In the evening the church was again densely crowded at Vespers, and the Bishop preached on devotion to the Blessed Virgin. 