THE GREAT WORLD. A 2SOYEL. EEEfG THE CONFESSIONS AND STJRAlfGE EXPERIENCES OF THE HON. EEIC YOBKE. By JOSEPH HATTGN, Author of ' Clytie,' ' Cruel London,' 'Three EecruitB,' 'John Tfeedbam's Double, ' [Published by special arrangements witb the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXH,— Mr. Walter Murray on Bea-ctt ak© the Kensetts. That same night at the club I found Pepys and Murray fresh from a visit to Kennett-on-ThameB. 'You don't very often see Walter Murray doing the social swell,' said Pepys, *' but I overcame him.' ' That's true,' said Murray, 'and by Jove I have to thank you for one of the pleasantest days I ever spent.' 'A dear good fellow, Kennett,' re joined Pepys addressing me. 'I told you he would turn out all right, Yorke.' 'Yes, you certainly did,' I replied, 'A very superior woman, Mrs. Ken nett,' said Murray, 'and a fine woman, too, handsomer than her pictures, and that is saying everything for her when you come to think how many distinguished artists have painted her.' 'I liked the daughter,''' said Pepys, ' a remarkable girl, paints admirably, has a superb studio, but what a place it is altogether, a sort of Aladdin's Palace.' ' YeB,' said Murray, 'It 1b a gorgeoua house, a little overdone, perhaps, that is, in the opinion of one who loves simplicity.' ' But what a situation !' exclaimed Pepys, ' on a slope above the Thames, surrounded with woods, and with vistas giving you peeps of the river in all direc tions.' 'I know the place well,' said Joliffe, the painter, chiming in, ' knew it long before Kennett was heard of in London, and whatever his taste, bad or good, he couldn't well spoil its natural beauties. Did you go on the river ?' 'Oh, yes,' said Murray, 'and out captain was Miss Trevor, a splendid girl, straight as an Arab boy, dark as night, sir, with the hot blood of healthy youth blushing in her cheeks ; she stood at the helm of Kennett's yacht and looked like a heroine out of Byron, by Jove, a sunny beauty with the eyes of a gazelle and teeth that flashed like pure ivory amidst luscious cherries — a goddess, by Jove !' Then Walter Murray laughed at his own exuberance, as did the entire smoke room, which always encouraged him in these delightful exercises of his eloquent vocabulary. ' It is bo small matter for Walter Murray to be moved to such praise of beauty In these degenerate days,' said one of the younger members of the club, who is somewhat of a bon-vimnt and in clined to Philistinism, ' might I ask who was the beauty of your day, Mr. Murray?' ' Yes, sir, and I will tell you.' ' I mean the woman who realised your highest ideal among the lovely creatures who acted with you in those great plays of the past, which were performed by grand men and. women who are no longer to be seen at the theatre.' 'You don't believe in those grand men and women, eh ? You are inclined to scoff.' ' No, I assure you, said the youngster, 'I wouldn't dare to do anything of the kind, Mr. Murray, but you do rub it Into ob you know about those swells who lived when you were young.' There was underlying the words of the speaker something in the nature of a sneer, and the speaker wasan undersized and not a particularly prepossessing person. 'My dear sir, responded Mr. Walter Murray, 'if we were not in the Parthe non Club, brother members and therefore gentlemen of courtesy who consider and respect each other's feelings, I should eay — supposing you had lived in those days and had seen anyone of the great actors 1 have spoken of as men of both. Intellectual and physical beauty — you would have cat your throat in a fit of envy ; but I must not say that here, it might seem disre spectful — it would certainly be un gracious.' 'Not at all,' said the blase young fellow, ' not at all. I am quite sure I have deserved your rebuke, I know I am not a pretty fellow, but I am apprecia tive you see, and amiable, I am sure.' 'Yes, by Jupiter, you are certainly amiable, and I apologise If I have hurt your feelings,' said Murray, dropping his voice, and smiling in the pleasantest manner. 'Bat we were talking of beauty,' said Joliffe, the painter, 'and out friend asked yon, Murray, who was the beauty, the perfection of grace, and so on, in your time ; we know what a judge you are and what an experience you vault have had.' Even in the courteous Joliffe's tone, as 'he called us back to -he subject, there was a suggestion oi badinage mat nift not escape the keen and watchful Murray, who, -rising and assuming his most lm prebBlve manner, «ad — ' **'Sir, the beauty «f my lime, the 'woman who was as -conspicuous for her virtues as for her genius, whose Rosalind was a dream of poetry anfi whose Desdemona was a lesson in sweet and tender womanhood, whose hand was ever open to melting charity and whose companionship was the joy of my life, was Mary Murray, my wife of 20 years, and ray most blissful memory if I were to live to be as old as Methuselah !' This unexpected speech had a wonder ful effect on the company. 'Thank you, Walter,' Baid Pepys, ''you are a good fellow after all.' ** After all !' exclaimed Murphy, show fag his white teeth as he laughingly ssked, ' What do you mean ?' and as he sdded with mock fury,/' You scoundrel 1' at which everybody toared with laughter, including Walter himself ; and then the conversation gradually drifted back again to the Kennetts and their estate on the Thames. I gathered that the Kennett household was evidently a very happy one, that Kennett was devoted to his wife, and was to Helen the kindest of stepfathers. Oddly enough, much of this personal conversation was for my benefit, as it was understood that I still did not care for Kennett, though I had of course ceased to resent his election to the club. 41 An odd fish, that American gentle man,' said Pepys addressing Murray. 'Colonel Spelter— they are all colonels, our American friends, except those who are generals ; he is the man who owns the wonderful twin diamonds. I didn't care for him much.' *'TSo, confound the fellow, 'said Walter feelingly; 'he interrupted me in two of my best stories, twin anecdotes that will sparkle down the grooves of time just a3 brightly as any two diamonds that were ever cut ; I quite agree with you, Pepya, he was a bore and a pretentious one.' There was something uncanny to my mind as I thought of myself, on my way home, sitting at the dub and calmly listen ing to this conversation, after what had occurred between me and Mrs. Kennett, that very afternoon. Fresh from the scene with Mr. Kennett, there had been no trace cf it in my man ner or conversation at the Jessops ; there was no indication of either the one or the other in my conduct at the club, no more than there is a trace of his previous cases in the manner of your doctor, who comes to you fresh from an incident of typhu3, or the trepanning of some poor wretch who has died under his hands. No, every man is a world unto himself, and a world that no other man and no other creature has explored. Chapter XXIIL — Vacation Rambles. ' The season is dead ! Long live the season !' Its successor is getting ready to be crowned next year. The new season is an infant in the country, imbibing strength from moor and mountain. The old dead season had been gay almost beyond precedent, though death had from time to time thrown across its path the grimmest of shadows. Bat how defiantly the lively Tnonaieh of Vanity Tair has gone to his rest, drinking, dancing, singing, racing, gambling, flirt ing ! During its last and perhaps its brightest hours the telegraph has been busy bring ing us news of disasters innumerable, calamities on sea and land, hurricanes, massacres, earthquakes. No pen or pencil could ever hope to realise and perpetuate such a dance of death as that which the papers have been chronicling side by side with our festivities. Five thousand lost at Iscbia 1 Five thousand people, men, women, and children, many of them the noblest families of Rome and Naples. The majority of them pleasantly engaged when death fell upon them. Some at a theatre ; others dancing ; all more or less basking in the Italian sunshine, the rays of which were tempered by the gentle breezes of the surrounding sea. One family was listening to the music of Chopin. Among all this favorite compoBef b works nothing is more popular than his ' IToneral March.' A pianist had just begun to play the opening bars when the earthquake tore the beautiful island asnnder. Thunder, darkness, and cries of death were the re sponse to the opening strains of the touch ing composition. A few visitors had put out in a boat to enjoy the beauty of the evening and the starlight. They heard and saw that some frightful calamity had occurred ashore, and rowing frantically they steered for the open sea. Godfrey Jessop was full of all this when he called upon me to say good-bye. He was off to Germany. Bob vacation was to be devoted to some special scientific study in that country. He would be away until November. His sister thought I was hurt that he had not made a point of seeing me for so long a time. But his sister was mistaken. He had, it is true, felt a little awkward and upset at that foolish soiree. NonEense, he has not fallen in love at first sight. This, in response to my badinage. He was struck with the beauty of MIbs Trevor he admitted. There was some thing in her voice and manner which fascinated him. Would he like to meet her again ? Oh, yes, very much. But he had been up to his eyes in work, and had no time to think of ' parties.' Besides he hated them. Very pathetic, he said, that incident of the girl beginning to play Chopin's March just as the earthquake swallowed them. Did I know this calamity had been foretold? No. Oh jes, almost to the day. It has been calculated on a theory and investigation of recognised and definite phenomena by a scientist whose warnings had been un heeded. This led to an interesting dis cussion, set up, I thought, as a diversion from the subject I had selected for con versation. Then I shifted the ground to his greater journey to the Eastern Seas. Yes, he said, he was considering a pro posal to investigate the scientific and economic features of the ' Sunny Isles.' I had never heard of them. No, he said, few people had. When the first mer chants not loDg ago went to the Govern ment about Sabah, the chief officials asked where it was, what it was — an island, peninsula, or a savage chief. But he could not unfold his plans to me now. He would do so by-and-bye, and he begged me not to think him ungrateful. ' For,' eald he, 'my dear Yorke, I regard you as my one tree dear friend outside that little house of my father In Begent's Park.' And so we parted for the vacation, he for Germany, I for various places, but more particularly for Dove Dale. Among the books which I find in tempting covers on the St. Pancras stall while I am wait Ing for the train Is an amataer angler's sketch of some pleasant days Jn that very happy valley to which I am journeying. 1 make a point of always being too early for trains. A railway- station platform has ever afforded me a fond of interest and amusement. I find a lazy delight in rummaging over a bookstall for some volume I have never seen before and taking it for my companion on my jour ney. A book haB this advantage over a sew acquaintance, or rather you have thiB advantage over it, that If yon don't like, it you can throw it aside and without offence. Foreigners scoff at us for oor habits of insularity ; the Americans par ticularly rail at ub for shutting ourselves op in railway carriages, and if we cannot secure compartments for ourselves alone, shutting ourselves up within ourselves and resisting conversation with strangers. Well, I confess for my own part I heartily enjoy this BO-caVed insularity in an Eng lish railway carriage. On Ihlfl calm autumn day as the train glides out of the platform for the Darby- ; shire dale where my Uncle Toby baa pitched his tent, or to use the language of that service to which he belonged, cast -anchor for He, I make my arrangements forfive hours of luxurious ease. A litfle influence at headquarters. gives me a com partment«ntirely to myself ; I am as free as if 1 were on an ocean steamec. For 'five houra I need speak-to no one, shallgeb neither letter nor telegram, and' I can read my book and dream over my clgat. 1 do-so, and tin this occasion can commend both cigar and book, which gives me great satisfaction. Ever since my uncle lived in the tobacco-growing districts of South America thirty years ago, he has always, he fays, been making fruitless efforts to procure green cigars on this side of the Atlantic. Latterly, however, I have found a merchant who has catered for him with more or less snecess, and Earn taking down to him what I may call a current box of Havannahs, direct from a tobacco farm. I am testing the latest supply, and find It remarkably fine in flavor and quality, and at the same time I discover in the little volume which I have selected for my compagnon du voyage just the kind of book I like. It Is a volume that throws me back upon my own thoughts, know ledge and resources. It is a modest book. I know more about the country it travels through than the author, which makes his outside adventures and reflections all the more attractive. He does, however, know what he felt and thought as he lashed the picturesque waters of the river that flow through the woodland Dale of Dove, and he has the faculty of interpretation. He can express his thoughts, and they are frank and free. His reflections have there fore a special charm for me, all the more that I supplement them as we journey onwards, which is like an exchange of thoughts and experiences. He fills the valley with himself, his holiday, his angling failures and successes, his thoughts of home (for he is a family man), while I lean back in my seat and people the valley with illusionary ghosts. Derbyshire is fall of pretty valleys, and Dove Dale is beyond all of diem interest ing from a literary point of view, and it will be famous for all time, for it is ' The Happy Valley of Basselas.' The illustrious Fleet-street hermit who said, ' Sir, one green field is like another green field ; let us take a walk down Fleet- street,' never theless wrote ' Basselas,' and got his in spiration at Dove Dale. Not long since railway managers soughb to break its soli tude and despoil its charms with, their prosaic lines of road and 'that whistle,' against which Professor Raskin inveighed when the iron horse firat disturbed the peace of the English lakes. But happily for the present the project of the railway men has been abandoned. ''Once the fiery beast comes into this anchorage,' says my uncle, the mariner, 'I slip my cable and steer for other waters.' Izaak Walton was a constant visitor to this 'happy valley of Dove Dale,' whither his friend Charles Cotton often Invited him. The ? river — Cotton apostro phises it as 'Princess Dove' — was a favorite haunt of the two friends. Their fishing-house is still to be seen at Beres ford, where the good old man discoursed to his 'son Charles' of the pleasures of simple content and the delights of country life. Down the Dale one finds the cave that sheltered Cotton when late in life he sought a hiding place from duns and bailiffs, and when he wrote — Lord, -would men let me alone, What an over happy one Should I think myself to be ! Might I, in this desert place, Which meBt men in discourse disgrace, Live but undisturbed and free .' Here in this despised recess Would I, aoa-ogre -winter's cold And the summer's wont excess, Try to live out to sixty fall years' old .' And all the while, Without an envious eye, Or any thriving under Fortune's -smile, Contented live, and then— contented die. But Dove Dale has other associations than the memories of dear old Izaak and his friend Charles Cotton, the angler- poet; associations that would render the Dale a literary shrine, the Dove a sacred stream, even though it were shorn of its natural beauties. Longfellow says — * ' Even scenes unlovely in themselves become clothed in beauty when illuminated by the imagtna . tion, as faces in themselves become so by the expression of thought and feeling.' And of this special Interest that attaches to the association of great lives with par ticular places, how many examples might be quoted ! Imagine Sinai without the Lawgiver ! Jerusalem without the memory of the Man of Sorrows ! Think of Greece without Homer, Rome without Horace, lona without Colombo, Mull and Morven with. Gssian! Take Shakespeare from Avon, leave the Doon without the memory of Burns, the Tweed without Sir Walter Scott, the Ouse without Bunyan and Cowper, the Trant without Kirke White and Byron; Imagine Sheffield ^without Ebenezer Elliott ; the Lake Country with out Wordsworth, Wilson, Coleridge, De -Juincey, and Southey; Chelsea without Carlyle, Antwerp without Bubens. The human interest casts a ?—Light that never was on sea or land, The consecration and the poet's dream. The banks of the 'fair Dove' are crowded with famous figures. At Ash bourne lived Dr. Taylor, Johnson's schoolfellow at Litchfield, and, next to Boswell, the great man's most intimate friend. Taylor became Prebendary of Westminster, and read the funeral services over the mortal remains of his schoolfellow, who, had he survived him, would have been consoled in his declining years by the comfortable estate of the divine. The two friends often walked by the rivemde together, followed by Laugley disputing with Gilpin, the tourist, Boswell in attentive attendance. ? ' He that has seen Dove Dale has no need to vieit the Highlands of Scotland,' says Johnson's mistress Boswell has eulogised, still swings in biographer. Ashbourne has hardly changed since those days. The sign of 'The Green Man,' the hostelry whose the middle of the roadway, though one la now served with more palatable beverages than when Cotton wrote — ' For Ashbourne has, which is a kind of a riddle, always In it the best malt and the worst ale in England.' Tom Moore dwelt at Mayfield Cottage, on the Staffordshire side of the Dove, and wrote ' Lalla Rookh' there. From Ashbourne steeple 'the Prince of the Peak' rung out the 'tuneful peal,' whose music Moore has re-echoed in his familiar poem, ?? Those Evening Bella.' And so 'twill be when I am gone — That tuneful peal will still ring on ; While other bards shall walk these dells, And sing your praise, sweet evening bells? I have dreamed many a dream by the peaceful waters of Dove Dale, under the shadows of its forest trees in its moss grown retreats, have often thought that it should be a rebuke to human, vanity to think of the great men who have sought refuge here from the madding crowd, but ?whose footsteps leave no trace even for a cultured man, such as the writer of the delightful little book of a vacation In these hills and dales, that are full of human association with the famous dead of the century, to say nothing of the great his toric characters of the romantic days before gunpowder. But my London author only cared to dream his own dreams of wife and child and of the busy town that awaited the end of his holiday to pin him to his desk again ; but he will happily find that the great city cannot efface tke recollection of his trip. He will , see the Derbyshire River as he walks along the London streets, and bear the 1 sweet melody of its evening bells m1'gl*'g | with the plash of its miniature waterfalls in the hum of the busy town's everlasting traffic. And sow, let me supplement these holiday notes with, to me and I hope to you, the most important person of this vacation xamble, my - ancle, '^dittfraj Yoyke, of 'ThetSableB,' Dove Bale. 'Ah, my boy, glad to *ee you, just In tine for dinner, too, that's hearty ; I like a fellow who drops In with the soup, that's keartj.' 'Thank you, uncle, I thought I had liMed^oubeautiraliy.s- **3So son lave, bo you nave.' The old fellow graspea my hana, ordered William to carry my portmanteau to the blue-room, conducted me to the lavatory In the bOliard-room where I could wash (for he would not hear of me making any change for dinner, which was ready to be served), and within ten minutes of my arrival we were sitting down to dinner. It had been a bright autumn day ; but now the sun had set. There was a tender twilight (which the old fellow declined to shutout) and the table was lighted with wax candles. The red light of the ami was dying away over the golden tree tops in the valley. We sat near the window. At my end of the table I saw through a mirror the ruddy-grey streaks of sunshine competing with the yellow leaves. My uncle faced me. ' You are admiring the view,' he said. ' I put you there for the purpose. Artists cay they like It best through a glass; I always add with a glass, and pass them the bottle.' My uncle pushes the decanter to me as he repeats his little joke, and recommends the fish. 'Caught an hour ago,' he says, 'by William — sly chap, William, knows the haunts of the best of them, and how to take them. I don't think Walton or Cotton could hold a candle to William ; he is a regular son of a sea-cook at it.' The fish was delicious, and so likewise were the brace of grouse, the first birds of the seasop, and I had to confess, and did so with much pleasure, that I had not eaten so good a dinner since my last visit to 'The Gables.' *' Well, that's allright,' said my uncle, 'that's hearty; it's a treat to give a dinner to a fellow who knows what a dinner is ; and now, Eric, a few wal nuts and a drop of the old sort, and then we'll try those new cigars, eh ?' ?' Yes, uncle, the programme suits me.' ' Good,' he said, that's hearty.' 7 hen turning to William he said, 'Bo'aen, I think you may close the portB.' 'Eight, your honor,' said William, who was dressed in a man-of-war's uniform, and looked every inch a sailor. The blinds drawn the wax candles seemed to give an extra light, and my uncle took especial pleasure in holding his glasB before one of them to watch the beeswing as it floated in the ruddy liquor. 'Not a bad glass of port,' he re marked. 'We'll try the Madeira to morrow.' ' It is superb,' I eald, repeating both of us very much the same conversation we had had any time these 10 years upon the same subject, and possibly on the same port, for I believe it was '31 wine of a wonderful quality. ' You are looking- well, Eric. Bachelor life agrees with you as it does with me. Nothing like it, eh ? ' ' It has its advantages,' I said. ' Should think it has. Look at Wil liam, look at my coachman, look at my gardner. Anybody can see the gardener is tied up, poor devil. He looks like a sheer hulk compared with the other chapB.' ' It wouldn't do for everybody to be of your opinion, uncle.' ' Ho, I suppose not. Well, Eric, and how do you get along in that great ugly ciiy of yours ? Your fine Prime Minister, I Bee, .goes on making a tool of himself and his country ridiculous ; when I read the papers sometimes it seems to me as if I was reading about some other country, not about England ; and then I thank you for introducing me to Boswell and Johnson, to Walton, and Cotton, and Moore, and the other clever fellows who used to come on leave -down into this pleasant anchorage and let the world drift by as I do.' ' I am giving up politics altogether,' I said. 'Never cared much for party intrigue and that kind of thing, as you know.' ' As you know to your cost,' said my Uncle ; 'but I don't blame you. The diplomatic business is a dirty business after all. A man who gets on In that service has to despise himself a good deal now and then I expect.' When he had indulged in a few other common-place reflections of this kind, allowing-our dinner to digest under the influence of small talk, like sensible men who do not spoil a feast with exciting topics of conversation, we took the usual ' whitewash' of dry old sherry and adjourned to coffee and billiards. It was a cheery sight to see my old uncle, aatalwart naval officer of 78, play billiards with the zest of five-and-twenty. He was a strong, straight, well-built man, with a bright blue eye, a heated com plexion heightened by thick white hair. He wore the old- fashioned blue dress coat and brass buttons, and when he took his cue to play he stripped off coat and vest, and looked as tight and trim an admiral as ever stepped upon a quarter-deck. He played with tremendous earnestness, but with great good humor, and with a full ap preciation of his opponent's finest strokes, exclaiming (it was a favorite expression of his) whenever I made an -exceptionally for tunate break, ' That's hearty.' We took our night-cap in due course with a last cigar, and had a sober chat about my affairs, which presented no points for controversy or advice (hehinted that he had made a will in my favor, with conditions), and we compared notes about the new cigars. ' They're as good as they can be out side the country,' he said, ' but we don't . know the true flavor of a cigar in England. When I was in Cuba, and also in Havannah, they brought me my cigars fresh every day, a handful, wrapped in oilsilk or something of the kind, made for the day to be smoked during the day, and by Jupiter they were fine, so green and soft you could twirl them round your finger ; but this is a good cigar, Eric, and I am much obliged to you for thinking of me.' ;.; ,-. ' I spent a very happy time at 'Tlhe Gables,' fishing, riding, hunting, shoot ing (there is a capital moor a few miles away), eating good dinners, discussing the mistakes of the Government in Egypt, at tie Cape, in Afghanistan, at Constanti nople, in Ireland, and at home ; for my dear old uncle would not give Ministers a spatk of credit in any direction, and the only consolation he derived from the utter collapse of the old order of things was that the Bhlp of state was drifting into such difficulties that the present command would have to be superseded, and that whoever came in the new admiral could not possibly be worse than the former landlubber, and might be a great deal better. 'We shall get into awful difficulties, Eric, and then we shall get out of them &s; we always do, but at a terrible cost, mark my words ; you may live to see it.' Now and then we strolled together with our fishing rods (the Bo'aen in attendance with refreshments), and talked * of plesanter things than politics, of the men whose memories haunt the Dale ; and one afternoon as we climbed tie valley In answer to the flag-signal of half an hour before dinnertime, we paused to listen to 'TboBe Evening Bells ' as their silver music came wandering through the wood lands. A white mist was rising from the river, the ghost of summer was abroad, the moon was rising — a new cold moon, and the bells seemed to whisper the tender xe- : grets of the poet. My uncle felt the saddening Influence of the moment, I : know, because he referred to it at dinner, i and said, after all champagne was a good ? thing If you felt a trifle Jlippea. I was loth to leave the dear old fellow, but after a fortnight I grew restless to travel further afield where the sun. shone, and where there were no ' Evening Bella' with arrch sad voices as those In &e; Derbyshire valleys. 2b my time I have been all over the i world during these vacation 4ays— to TrouviUe, Homburg, Switzerland, Nor way, Sweden, Cannes, Nice, Mexico, the Rocky Mountains — everywhere; and I have come home again on the top of the first returning waves of society, with the first of the homeward-bound pilgrims, thus season after season ; and I have lived to know that London Is the best place in the world for a man who Is alone. I have lived to feel that the first shake of the hand at one's club, when the tide of fashion has set In again on the town, that the smiling welcome of the two honest souls who have charge of my rooms ; that the 'How are you, old chap?' of my friend the editor, in his familiar office, Strandwaids, and the 'Bight you are, sir !' of the cabman who drives me thither ; that these are heavenly things compared with the hollow courtesies of monsieur and madame, the cumbersome politeness of melnheer, the eloquent salaams of Eastern state, or the rough and-ready hospitality of the American union. (To be continued.) 