ENTERTAINMENTS. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. There was a large attendance at the eirons an Wednesday, when the last' performance in Adelaide was given. On Thursday the ehotr was at Fort Adelaide. A concert in aid of St. Margaret's Church, Woodville, was given in the local Institute on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance. The programme opened with a skilfully played overture by Mrs. Filgate, followed by the quartet "Banish, oh, Maiden," by Messrs. - Hocking, Parker, Merry, and Boult. This was given with excellent precision. Miss Beoh next eang "Tit for Tat" .very appreciatively, and Mr. W. B. Tothill followed with a reading entitled . "Mrs. Mo Williams and the lightning," by Mark Twain, whioh caused some amusement. The duet "The Wanderer's Evening Song," by Masters Faulkner and Jagoe, met with an encore, Mr. W. Philoox had also to reappear for tinging" Miss Hooligan's Christmas Cake." The quartet "On a Bank," by Messrs. Hoiking, Parker, Merry, and Boult, followed, and then oame the "Bellringer. by Mr. Sharland. Mrs. Blackburne played the overture " En Bonte." A song, •• Love the Pilgrim," by Master Faulkner deservedly Sthed an encore, for whieh was given " The con and I" from " The Mikado. The duet "Let Musio and Song" by the Misses M. and L. Hale was well rendered. The celebrated madrigal, from "The Mikado," "Brightly Dawns our Wedding-day," by,Masters Faulk ner and Jagoe and Messrs. Parker and Boult, received another high oompliment, Mr, Philcox caused some merriment by singing "The Butterfly Dude." After the duet "Love and War" by Messrs. Hosking and Sharland; a song.t" TneMUler and the Maid,'' and a quartet, Come, Boys, Drink," the pro gramme was oonolnded. A complimentary social to the ladies of this Society was given on Wednesday even ing in the Hindmarsh Institute Hall by the gentlemen of the Sooiety. It was a success ful affair. Songs and concerted pieces of music were rendered at intervals by mem bers, toasts were honoured, refreshmec .i served, and dancing kept np to a late hour. The Musical Societies of |the city are about! to put in rehearsal the works to be performed at their next subscription concerts. The Philhnrmonio Society pro poses rendering Haydn's " Creation" on Good Friday with the assistance of Mr. Gordon. Gooch. On Easter Monday the same Sooiety will give a miscellaneous concert, both in the Town Hall. The reoently established Ade laide Musical Association under the direc tion of Mr. C. J. Stevens will at once take in .hand Gounod's celebrated work "The Redemption^' which is to be performed in the Town Hall on the Tuesday preceding. Good Friday. Miss Carrie Swain and company concluded! their season at the Theatre Royal on Friday week. The occasion was Miss Swains benefit, and His Excellency the Governor and suite were present. The company left for Melbourne on Saturday. A writer in the World of November 24 gave the following apparently official account of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera:—"Respecting the new Savoy opera, I beg to say that the title is not fixed. The title never 'is fixed before the last moment. The piece is quasi - melodramatic, iu character, with a strong supernatural flavour In the second act. I must not'say what this is. Tbe date of the piece is 1810. The first act takes place in a seaport village; the second in a mansion in the neighbourhood of that seaport village. Grossmith and Barring ton play strongly contrasted parts of a melodramatic character. Lely play a man of-war's-man. Mr. Temple plays a ghost. Miss Bond is a gipsy girl who has gone mad for the love of a wicked baronet, Miss Braham a village girl, and Miss Brandram an elderly sorrow-stricken dame. It is expected that the dresses (which are scrupmonsly exact reproductions of the dresses of 1810) will prove to be a remarkable feature in the piece. The costumes of the ohorus will be worth seeing, and they ooBt over £1,800, These dresses have been in preparation for some months, and are now approaching com pletion. I nave seen it stated that the scene of the pieee is laid in Egypt, and that its object is to satirize British administration in that country. I have even read in a well known journal what professes to be an ab stract of the plot, based upon this assump tion. Hating, as I do, giving incorreot news, I asked Mr. Gilbert himself. He says:—' I have not taken the trouble to contradiot these statements, partly because the matter is of no general interest, but chiefly because I am always pleased to mislead American pirates, who are invariably on the lookout for an opportunity of forestalling ns in the United States. I am assured that an opera on the subject of British administration in Egypt is already in preparation in New Y ork. I have : nothing to add, except that I am very glad to hear it, and I hope it is trne.'" A number of ;ladies and gentlemen conneoted with music met by Invitation yesterday afternoon (says the Argus of January 7) at Messrs. Allan and Co.'a Collins-street east, when Signor Ziliani, formerly known here as a conductor with the last Cagli Opera Company, but now of Ade laide, introduced a pupil of his from that city, iMrs. T. H, .Tones, a young Jady pos sessing a high soprano voice of valuable quality. Her selections consisted of "Gen I nariello," a song by Gomez, the composer of "D Guarany;" the great soena, "II dolce snona," from " Lucia di Lammermoorand tbe scenaoommencing "Ah Fors' 6 lni,"from Verdi's " La Traviata." In the composition from Donizetti's opera the flute o&bligato; accompaniment was played by Mr. John Lemon. The vooal performance was dis tinguished by great faaility of execution in the extreme upper register. We believe the yonng lady will make a public appearanoeiu Melbourne when a suitable opportunity occurs. A Poultby-fancieb. — We" were shown on Wednesday by Mr. Campbell, the Park LandB Ranger, a fine specimen of HydromyB ohrysogaster, or golden-bellied beaver rah It was caught. in a trap in Mr. Campbell's poultry-yard. As his house is situated on the banks of the Torrens Lake he will possibly find it necessary now to write on a certain percentage for contin gencies. The destructive rodent in ques tion, whioh measures over 20 inches from nose to tail, has been particularly partial to the Banger's poultry, and with much satisfaction Mr. Campbell has arranged to band ;it over to Mr. Beatiejr, the taxi dermist. This latest acquisition to our Museum is similar to tbe Coypn of South America, but is much smaller; the distinc tion of colour in the tail is not so well marked as in some specimens, in which the tail is white for half its length. There are five 'or • six varieties of Hydromys, or water-rat, native to the southern portions of Australia. Tbev are true rodents, and the English name is "Leaver rat." 