AT? ITS OF THE HAT. Tho meeting which was hold last night in the Town Hall, iu aid of the sufferers by the Bulli disaster, was largely attended, aud re. suited in the sum of £740 0s. 7d. being either collected iu tho room or promised. His Excel- leucy the Governor presided, and the Chief Justice, the Minister of Education, the Attorney-General, Mr. J. L. Purves, Q O., tlie Esrl ot Aberdeen, Lord Sandhurst, the Mayor of Melbourne and many influential representatives of religious denominations and public institu tions spoke. Contrary to custom at meetings of this character, his Excellency was called upon nn two occasions to exert his" authority in the maintenance of "order. This uecessity arose out of Mr. Joseph Symes, the exponent of frcethought in Metbonrne, wishing to make an addendum to oue of tho resolutions The assemblage would not hear what Mr. Symes hud to say, nnd for'a few moments nn unlookcd for babel of " put him out," aud- similar cries, drowned everything, and disturbed the progress of the meeting. The proceedings finally be came quiet, and were over soon niter 10 o'clock. A largo augmentation of the Built Disaster Fond is looked forward to at an early date. The Agent-General, Sir Graham Berry, has forwarded to the Commissioner of Trade and Customs an interesting communication which ho received from Mr. J. "W. Hay lock, of the Fish Docks, Great Grimsby, Engiuud. The writer is "tho owner of a large fleet of fishing vessels, and after describing tbe method adopted of trawling (or fish; makes a proposal to the Agent-Gcueral to impart this method uuder certain conditions. Dealing with the fisheries in England, Mr. Haylock states that about 1000 smacks, registering from 80 to 90 tons, are registered at Grimsby, "and that they sail from 100 to SoO miles to reach the fishing grounds. Alter detailing the metbud of traivliug and tho preservation of the fish in ice or by means.oC boracic acid or smoking, Mr. Haylock draws attention to tlio fact, thut llie rcfuse of the fish is convened into manure, and realises an average . of £4- per ton. Large quantities of oil are made from livers end fish refnte and sold at £16 per ton, whilst tho refined oil made trom tho cod Jiosn mliMd-u Ugh cs £60 par ton. P.>mp'cs of tho oils and the manure, hire tL". B received by tbs Commissioner of Trade -aal Customs. Mr. Haylock states that tbf -I trawling boats are ptovided with elabattls 'H machinery ; and he refers to tho success '«( experiments he made with the electric list "H attached to the trawl beam and towed along tbs | bottom of the sea, the light being employed' U u attract tbe fish. Tbe commnniciiion stales " that annoally £4,000,000 worth of fish is - taken on tbo coasts of Eugland and Scotland./" Mr. Haylock intimates that he is prepared "U ' instruct six or more fishermen in his metbod:<f i H fkhing, which can bo learned in six months, for the sum of £ 200 each for not less a numbw .H 'hnn G, or £150 each for 10 or 12 fishermen. ' I It is mentioned that savcral Governments hits endeavored to induce fishermen trained in this - -1 bnsiueiss emigrate from England, bnt the I .mem prefer to remain at homo. Under these 'H circumstances Mr. Haylock expresses his I willingness to Visit tho" colony ou the terms ' I mentioned above for the purpose of giving " I instructions to a limited nnmbcr.of men ' H The flooding of Mr. Lansell's " Sundhnrst" I mine/which is alleged to have resulted in. con- I sequenca of water coming from abandons! H workings in the Kocb's Pioneer. Company's I "mine, is occasioning considerable dispate, and ' I an appeal lina been made for the intervention of H the Alining department jn tho matter. On the I 21st nit. the manager of the Sandhurst H mino wroto to the department, sattine ' H that water from Koch's Pioneer '. Com- ' H puny was flowing from tho eastern workings, now abandoned. ' and had flooded ' his ' H 410 level, aud that unless (ho water were I drained or dammed back in a proper I manner It would bo necessary in a very short I time to abandon the Sandhurst mino altogether. H Mr. W. H. Grainger, mining inspector,! ), accordance with instructions, made an inqvtt 1. .1 and furnished to tho department a histbry ot' I tho case The statement of the manager "of I tho Koch's Pioneer wns. that the water com- I plained of wns finding its way into Mr. Ldn- sell's mino through. the solid ground, and thai , consequently lib could not be held responsible, I On tho other hand, the manager of tho Sand- I hurst mine asserted that the water foand its I way through one of tho dams, thus imply, -B ing that tHo dam was not properly constructed, B Mr. Grainger; however, inspected . the dam B which was to all appearances well constructed fl but -owing to there being between 3 and 4 foc( V B of water iu the drive through which he bad ta I pass to make his inspection, he could not deter- / B mine where the water was coming from, neither fl could tho fact be ascertained until it was bailed fl out again by Kocb'a. The inspector stated fl that the matter was a very serious one for Lnnsell, and considered that Koch's should not 'fl have suspended work and stopped bailing the fl wator until they were satisfied as to whethcr fl it was 'making its way through (the data" ! into tho Sandhurst mine. The water still | continued rising, and on Wednesday last Mr,' .fl Lansell's agent telegraphed to the department - fl stating that if something were not done by the | following day irremediable damage would re- fl suit to tbo level then submerged, that it would fl collapse, and he would have no alternative bbt . I to pall up thi railB and materials and virtually ' abandon his mino. Upon this the department I wired to Mr. A. F. Walker, mining surveyor, to arrange for an inspection of tho mine in con- ' ' I junction with Mr. Grainger. The inspection ' I was made on Thursday last for the purpose ot I ascertaining whether the dams put In were I sufficient to keep tho water from the Sand- I hurst mine. Owing, however, to the flooded I state of the mine a satisfactory solatioa I of the question could not bo arrived at j bntthe I inspectors, wero certain that the water earns I from Koch's Fionoer ground, and was tbe rw I salt of their mining operations. Under thesi I circumstances they strongly recommend thai 8 bailing should be at once commenced in Koch's I and continued until tbe mine is sufficiently I clear to enable a proper inspection to be made, I Yesterday, the secretary to the department, I acting upon this reconftnondation, tolegrapbed I to the mining manager of Koch's as follows I " Yon mnst at once lower' tho iovel of water ii I your mine to permit inspection of dams, and te I prevent water flowing into the Sandhurst mine, I This is required under conditions of yotu I tease." I Abont midnight on Thursday one of the 24. I inch mains which carry the supply of watet I from the Preston reservoir burst at a point neat I Clark-street, Northcoto. A considerable quan- I tity of waicr escaped, and, flowing over tbe I neighborhood, caused great inconvenience. As I soon as tbo accident was discovered by tht J inspector, Mr. Wild, an officer of tho depart- I ment, was despatched for tbs purpose of effect- "" -8 ing repairs. He proceeded to tho spot, accom panied by a gang of men, and at once set to work digging ont the broken pipe nnd laying si new one in its place, in order to dothis'it way necessary to turn off tho water at tho Prestoi reservoir, and daring tbe wholoof too forenoon, therefore, the pressure was slight, particularly in Melbourne, South Ye bourne and Williams- town, and in portions oi Fitzroy and Carlton. There was, however, no serious inconvenience experienced. Shortly after midday the work was completed and tbo ordinary supply- turned on again. Sometime elapsed .before the fnli pressure was reached, bnt towards evening the Jiipes became charged to their usual capacity, I is not definitely known to what cause the breakage- may bo attributable, but it is con sidered that tho pipe was defective. Tho R.M.S. Ormuz, having embarked pas sengers and finished taking in cargo, hauled oil from the Williamstown railway pier yesterday afternoon to an outer anchorage. Her freight list is a heavy oue, and the agents for tho vessel had to refuse abont 300 tons. Amongst her cargo are 3005 frozen carcasses of inu ton, all shipped at this port. The Ormnz also takes 580 passeugers, of whom 130 are in tho saloon, 150 in the Becond saloon and 300 in tho third class. The vessel was appointed to le'avo at 2 o'clock this morning, nfter receiving the mails from New South Wales.. Mr. G. F. Moule, tho solicitor to tho Bcnk of "Victoria, Colonial Bank, aud English, Scot tish and Australian Chartered Bank, was yes terday examined by tlie Bauking Commission, He expressed liis opinion that the note issue should be a first charge on tho assets of a bank, and that if the assets wero not sufficient to pay 20s. in the pound the shareholders should be liable for the . balance. No bank ought to be i allowed to issue notes unless it had a verysub-- , stantial paid up capital. He admitted thaf tliV7 ' Bank of Victorin followed I bo practice of other " banks iu accepting security of landed property for advances, slid also stated that, indepen dently of the fact that the right to issne uotci had been debarred to tho Bank of Victoria by the Government, that institution wns- euubled to issue them under an old Englbh act, which was in force here in default of .legislation to the contrary. Mr. Mould's evidence wns prin cipally in connection with tho Bank of Victurin, and most of his views coincided with testimony offered by other managers. The Earl of Aberdeen having signified hii inloutiou of paying a visit to Oiinoud Collegs To-day, at 11 o'clock, it is intended os that occasion that the public questions com mittee of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria shall present his lordship with nn address. He will also receive one from tho council of Ormond - College and tho senatus of- the "theological : hall. Lord Aberdeen is a distinguished member of the Cliarch of Scotland, and her Majesty's High Commissioner to tbo general assembly, of (hat church. Gn Monday morning, at 11 . j o'clock, nn address from tho Irish citizens cf 1 Melbourne will be presented to Lord AberdecsfV I who wns Lord-Lieutenant of. Ireland in Mr!'.' Gladstone's Government. Tbe presentation will be made in tlie counhil-chamker in the Melbourne Town HnU. On the same occasion the Count iss of Aberdeen will receive a pre sentation trom the Irish ladies of Melbourne. . At last night's meeting of the Trades Hall Council, the president! Mr. H. A. Harwood, referred to the practicability of establishing co-operalive societies amongst tlie trades, as suggested in a leading' article which appeared in The Age of the 15th March. A letter was received from the secretary of the Victorian commission for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, notifying the fact that the council's exhibit, consisting of tho plans of tho Trades Hall as it will appear when completed, had been awarded a handsome diploma and commemoration medal. The secretary submitted tho balance sheet of the Illawarra itriko food, k from which it appeared that £355 had been If collected by the trades, £332 of which bad beoa £ remitted to Baili and £2 123. 5d. had gone iaTT'- expenses. Tho secretary was instructed to send ' the balance, £20 7s.' 7d„ to the IHawatT% Miners' Association. It was determined to establish a relief fund in connection with the council, to be contributed to by the associated trades, in aid of tho sufferers by tbe Bulli ; colliery disaster. ' Tuwards the end of last year the managers of the Alfred Hospital undertook to revise the rules and regulations of tbe insfitution.witbout consulting-tile honorary medical staff, 'and in . November tho. new code was adopted and - . printed. Tho honorary officers cxpressnd dis satisfaction at the coarse taken," and 'made' 'an unsuccessful effort to have tho rules- amended; .v in order to meet tlisir views. The ac.iou ol the' committee has led to a good deaPof Trie- tioa, as.it is said - that somo of ' tli'e new clauses are of a very exactiug character," and at a meet. , ; ; ing of the honorary staff held during the yreek,': a minnte was .recorded 'bf thnrobieotioM iiv; ; ; rob . 6. 6. 8. 19 and ' 22. Thtt mlnnU wf e.-r. v. ; k'PP ':- - . j '-/!i r:- Ijjjoghl under thetiolice of the managers yer. (Miey.af the weekly meeting, and gave rite to M . inima'ed , conversational discussion. The principal objection made is to rule 22, whichreads ttaJ— ' The officers shall, when required by the managers, give lectures to the pupil norsos aad nurse of the hospital, and examine them with a view to their obtaining the hospital's certificate of competency." Mr. Ellery (chair man) snggested that the wishes of the staff herald be met in a fair spirit, and Mr. Wimpole coincided with thisview, but Messrs. Thomson, Alston , and Blyth spoke in a less con- eiliatory tone, and urged that pressure should bo brought to bear on those members who re- . fused to sign the rule. Mr. F.IIery remarked incidcntelly that he had obtained the siguature of Mr. Budall, who had beon newly elected as an honorary member of the staff on the under standing that tho objoctionablo features of the amended rules would be removed so far as was possible ; and ho urged members of the com mittee not to take loo despotic a stand against men who wcro practically tho making of such in institution. Eventually it was agreed that the chairman nnd Messrs Thomson and Blyth thottld meet the honorary staff on Tuesday morning next, at half-past 9 o'clock, in order If possible to arrive at an amicable settlement on the points in dispute. Amongst other matters dealt with by the Central Board of Health yesterday was that of tho practice of throwing the refuse of towns into corporation tips. The board 6troogly expressed its condemnation of this procedure, itnd endorsed. the recommendations of their engineer that all refuse should bo hurneil in fornoces established for the-purpose. Satis faction was expressed at tho receipt of a letter : from tho local board at Hotham, stating that kd»al action was to be taken in connection with I. "J alleged burying of nightsoil in tho grounds jV'jftho - Benevolent Asylum; and tho board jj decided to investigate a report that nightsoil Swss being buried in tho public reserves at Footscray, with the view to tako immediate action to prevent tho continuance of the prac tice. Other matters dealt with were not of on important nature. .The quarterly supper of the United Service Club, held yesterday evening, derived a pecu liar interest from its being a temporary fare well to Brigade-surgeon Fulton and Major J. W. Hacker, about to dopart for England on long furlough. The health of these officers was proposed by Licut.-Col. Freeman, presi dent of theclnb, and responded to in sui table terms. The vacancy temporarily created by this absonce of Brigade-surgeon Fulton has I been filled np by tho appointment of Surgeon- jnajor Fetberstono as locum tenant, as will shortly be intimated in a general order. This appointment is universally popular among the medial body. Public and bonk holidays have been pro- tlsimed at the undermentioned places and dates, and are published in the Government Gazette issued yesterday : — Dunolly, 4th April; Nhill, 5th April ; Kaniva, Lillimnr North, Nhill, shire of Marong and. Woodend, 6th April; Sandhurst, hulf holiday, 6tli April. ' General bank holiday, 12th April (Enter Tuesday), Hamilton, half holidays, 123th and 14th April. The appointments of Mr. W. Synnot Williams, of Broadmoadows, to be a justice of the peace, and of Mr. E. M. James, M.R.C.S.E., to be a member of the Medical Board of Victoria are also gazetted. There were flvo cases of typhoid fever , reported to the Central Board of Health. yester day, two of. which terminated fatally — one admitted to the Melbourne Hospital from Hawthorn, and the other at Footscray. Tho on-fatal cases occurred at Maloga (Gordon- ihire), Lillydtlo and Cressy, one at each place. An election takes places to-dny at Williams- town to fill the vacancy on the Harbor Trust nosed bv tho retirement of Commissioner White. . There are four candidates for tho vacancy, viz., Cr. Dowman, Messrs. H. W. Perrin, JTobson, end F. Mason. : 'Arrangements have now been completed for the holding of tho annual conference of the State School Teachers' Union of Victoria. This year the meetings are to take place at'Ballarat, and' the members will .assemble in the School of i Mines there on Friday next. The proceed- I ings will extend over n couple of days, and the business sheet contains soma thirty subjects submitted . for consideration by various branches of tho union. Among the more interesting questions to be discussed will bo that of the transfer list and promotions, which nt present are con- fidcred to be unsatisfactory; the appoint ments on ' tho inspectorial staff, the cor poral punishment circular, the with drawal of which is to be suggested ; the advisability of establishing a benefit locioty, and tho irregular manner in which conntrv teachers are paid. In ordei to allow the delegates to attend on both days of the con ference, the Education department has granted them leave of absence on the first day of the meeting, Friday. -': We aro asked to intimato that the Mayoress (f Melbpurno (Mrs. W. Cain) will hold garden receptions at her residence' in . Anderson-street, South Tarra, on Tuesday, tho 12th, Wednes day, the' 13tb, and Thursday, the 21st April, from 3 to 5 o'clock. \- Tho excursion steamer Ozono, in leaving the Fort Melbourne railway pier yesterday, met with on accident to one of the steam pipes, in eonseqnonce of which sho had to land her " passengers. The damage done was nut great, however, and will be repnircd in time to allow of tho vessel making her usual trip to-day. The Public Service Board, appointed as a special board toinquiro into the charges of par tisanship proferred against Sergcaut ltutlege, in connection witli proceedings in the Central'Bonrd of Health v. Nowoll, will sit at tho local court house, Footscray, on Monday, and take evi- t deuce in tho matter. < A rule nisi by way of appeal was granted t by t e Full Court yesterday in tho libel actiou | of Jones v. Ebsworth, on the motion of Mr. ; Hood. The plaintiff is Mr. C. E. .Tones, t ILL. A, and tho defendant, Alfred Martin | Ebsworth, publisher of the A rgus uowspnper. I The action arose out of the publication in the defendant's journal in January last of an article in reference to the importation and attempted registration of certain American bibles. The , plaintiff claimed £250 damages, and the case )-"Viuto or. for hearing before Judge Cnsev nnd special juries of six, at tho' liallarat County Court. At tho first trial on tho 24th February, the jury failed to agree upon verdict, and ut tho socond, .on tho 25th March, they found for the defendant. The grounds npon which the present applica tion was made were that his Honor had mis directed the jury in telling them that if the fact alleged — viz., that the plaintiff had registered the " pirated " Bible — was true, tho occasion was'privileged. It was contended that the evidence failed to establish this fact as true, i 'inasmuch as it appeared that the plaintiff had merely made inquiries on behalf of another person as his agent, and that the Biblo was I never registered. It was nlso urged that tho j article complained of was not comment nt all, but a statement of facts, and that tho finding of ttie jury that there was no libel was against t evidence. In conclusion, it was submitted that the judge had uoi directed tho jury as to comment, but. had practically told them that if the facts were true they were to find for the defendant, and that secondary evidence of tho I vblc in question had been wrongly admitted. I e, aPPl|ca'ion was granted conditionally on \yTK-piainliff giving £60 security for costs. . A case of illegal impounding from the Western district was mentioned to their Honors in the Fall Court yesterday. On the 10th of Much, Michael Darey, a grazier was summoned to the Court of Petty Sessions at Camperdown for having failed to deliver up 14 head of cattle seized by hitn for trespass for the purpose of impounding, the trespass fees provided under the Found Act 1874 having been tendered to him by the shire herdsman, ataes ilossey Bradburn, on behalf of the ownpre, before the cattle arrived at the pound. He was fined £1 for illegal ..impounding and ordered to return 7s. pound fees, with £3 23. costs. Mr. -Hood applied for two rules nisi, one to quash tho order,' and another to prohibit the enforcement of the fine, on the grounds that there had been no illegal impounding, that there was no proof of .'Brad-' J barn s authority to tender fees on , behalf of tho 1 owners, or to giro notice, that a herdsman could j_)ip)t .be complainant under the circumstances, ti '"J.Brasnmmona was bad inasmuch as the cattle being owned by six separate porsons, six . distinct offences had been included in tho one summons. Tho application was granted. ' The Full Court, yesterday delivered their reserved decision in the matter of William' "jjrj storekeeper, of Tnngnmah. It Win be remembered thaVMcssrs. Giobs, Bright ltd Co., claiming as creditors to the extent of about £1200, petitioned for tho compulsory se- . queslrationof Vagg'scstate, tho act of insolvency alleged being that he had executed a deed, of assignment lor tho benefit of his creditors gene- r v Arguments npon the ruin nisi came on for hearing tefore Mr. Justice Webb, by whom S, . .rol traB 'made absolute. Against, this decision the insolvent appealed, and this. appeal a as yesterday dismissed. A motion for a new. trial, was made to the ,1 £ourt yesterday, in the cose of Marshall v. uc Opera Honse Company Limited. The : m1 afgbt to tqcqvet ths amount ef a printing account from, tho company, which set, np as adeftinco that the order had been given, by their sub-lessee, Samuel -Moore, to whom the plaintiff ou"ht to look fur payment. The case was tried before the Chief Justice and a jury, and a verdict was given for the plaintiff. A point was reserved for tho Fall Court as to whether there ' was any evidence to go to the jnry is to the defendants' liability, it being contended that there was no proof, of agency. The court resolved . Otis question in the affirmative, nnd a motion was now made for a new trial. Their Honors were of opinion that the' former verdict ought not to bo disturbed, and dismissed the motion with costs. Mr. Purves, Q.C., Dr. Madden nod Mr. Hood appeared in support of the motion . Mr. Hodges," Mr.' Duffy aud Mr! Forloago to show cause. . Application was yesterday made to the Full Court by Mr. Barrett to set aside the judgment in Pnssmore v. Minahan and others, and have the case restored to the list for re-hearing. In this action the plaintiff seeks to establish his claim to a fourth share in tho mining venture known as Chalk's No. 4, Cari .brook. The caso was set down 'for hearing before Mr. Justice Webb in the Equity Conrt, and counsel for the plaintiff not putting in an appearance, under the impression that the case would not he reached that day! judgment was entered tip for the. defendant with costs. Mr. Goldsmith appeared to oppose the application, but offered no objection so long ns the plaintiff paid the costs of the abortive hearing, and of this application.- An order was: mode- accord ingly. . A dispute in .regard to excess acreage, aris ing out of tho case of Monaghan v. Gleeson, was beard in the Equity Court yesterday, be fore. Mr. Justice Webb. The plaintiff whs Cliristiua Monaghan, and the defendant Patrick Glccson. On the 22nd April, 1884, the plain tiff cold to the defendant a piece of laud at Wnrniambool. It was an irregular shaped si x sided block. The plaintiff had never had it surveyed, bnt was nnder the impression that it contained 56 acres 3 roods 25 perches. The laud was knocked down to the defendant . for £44 10s. an acre, nad the price was fixed at £2532 6s. 9d. The. defendant entered into possession, hut the plaintiff subsequently learnt that the extent of tho land was 61 ncres 17 perches. She accord ingly applied to fho defendant to pay her tho diffcrencu owing on 4 acres 3l!perches, or £186 12s. 5d,, but the defendant refused to do so, and obtained a certificate of title for tho whole of it nnder the Transfer of Land Statute. The plaintiff now songht a declaration that tho sale was entered into under a mutual mistake as to tho actual, quantity of the land, and that the defendunt was trustee for her of the excess acre age, and should boeitherordered to transfer it to Iter or to pay its value. The defendant sub mitted that inasmnch as tho plaintiff had con veyed the land to htm she had waived all her rights! His Honor reserved his decision. Mr. Topp and Mr. Leon appeared for the plaintiff ; Mr. Hood- and Mr. Neighbour for the defen dunt. Sir Henry Wrenfordsloy, who was called to the English bar in 1863', and has' at various times occupied the positions of a puisne judge .in Tasmania and of Chlof Justice in Western Australia and Fiji, was yeseerday admitted by the Fall Conrt to practice as a barrister in Vic toria. His admission was moved by Dr. Madden, and was granted provisionally until he should have had sufficient time to comply with the rules. " The farther hearing of the appeal of the Brunswick.. against the Esscndon borough connoil in reference to the disputed site for a bridge over tho, Moonoo Fends Creek wa9 yes terday adjourned by Judge Molcsworth until the 15th inst. Mr; Joseph Smithsdown Hob'day, whose appeal against the decision of - the board of examiners had been allowed by tho Fall Court, was yesterday admitted to . practice as an attorney, solicitor and proctor, on the motion of Dr. Madden. Tho General Sessions for April were, opened before Jutlgo Cope and jnries of 12 yesterday. Mr. Hobert Walsh prosecuted for the' Crown. Fredk. 'Vernon pleaded gnilty to obtaining money by means ot false representations from Henry J. Sparkos, hotclkeepor, at Williams- town.- David Crichton pleaded gnilty to feloniously receiving £10 and a "watch and chain, stolen from Phillip Fuller, storekeeper, of Box Hill, in "the early part of last mouth. Beth prisoners were remanded for sentence. At the General Sessions yesterday a man named Win. Curtis wns charged with breaking into - the. dwellinghouse of Emily Batters, in Surrey-road, South Tarra, on the evening of the 24th February, aud stealing three watches, valued at £35, He was found guilty, aud sen tenced to two years' hard labor, cumulative on a sentence of 12 months' imprisonment he is now Undergoing. Tho prisoner ' was also con victed of breaking into the house ' of John Stephen Potts, journalist, living in ltowc-stroet, Clitton Hill, nnd stealing a watch and other articles to the value of £1', on the 8th March. He was , sentenced to two years' hard labor, cumulative on his two previous terms. Win. Simpson was presented on a charge of robbery in company. A book agent named Thomas Moore Chambers, who is a stranger in the city, lost himself in. tho Treasury Gardens at an early honr on the morning of the 20th March. He asked two men, otto of whom was the prisoner, to direct him to Bourke-strcet, and as he turned his back the prisoner caught hold of him rouud the neck and almost strangled him. He was thrown violently to the ground, and tho prisoner's companion robbed him of a gold aud diamond ring, valued at £18, and lis. in silver. They also stole his boots, and then made their escape. Simpson, however, wns soon afterwards captured. He was found guilty, and having asknowledgcd several prior convictions, was sentenced to four years' hard labor. An application was made to Judge Moles- worth, in the Insolvency Court yesterday by Mr. .Forlonge, on bolialt of Win. Robert Merry, of Brighton, civil engineer, to stay all proceedings by tho assignee in his estato pending the decision of Ins appeal to the Full Court against tho order absolute grautod by Mr. Justice Webb for his compul sory sequestration. The ovidcbco as to service of. the necessary notices being, insufficient tho application was withdrawn, and will bo renewed when . tho proper forms have been complied with.' A -case of considerable! interest to Life Assurance Societies aud persons intending to insure their lives o cupied the atteution ot Mr. Pautou, P.M., aud a fall bench in the District Court, yesterday. John J. Rcndle was sued by Dr. J. V. Eccles for £2 2s., being a fee fur medical examination. Early in January 1833, Mr. Rendlo, who was one of the victims of a railway accident which happened during the previous mouth on the Box Hill line, for which he was awarded £35CO. applied to the National Mutual Life Association to insure his life for £700. On tho 15th January he went, without direct authority from the company, to Dr. Eccles, who having specially- examined him, reported unfavorably to the office ; the result- of which report was that, the policy was decliued. According -to the medical officer, this refusal was desired by Rendlo with a view to increaso his claim against the Railway department. At that time, Colouel Temple- ton was the secretary of tho National Mutual Company, and some correspondence passed between hint and' the rejected applicant who desired . that his pro posal should bo withdrawn to enable him to apply on more advantageous terms .to another society. He offered on this consideration to pay the medical fee. Ho made a proposal" unsuccessfully to three. other offices.' In June, 1883,- he went to England for the benefit of his health. On his return being applied to by Dr. Eccles for payment of his fee, he refused it, as he declared, "on principle,'1 considering the company should pay mid was alone liable. Not being able to prove that he was directly authorised by tho assurance affico to ' be examined by Dr. Eccles, the. bench after hear ing the ' evidence, awarded a verdict to the plaintiff, with 2Gs. costs: Mr. Daly appeared for the latter, and 31 r. Gillott lor the dofence. ' At. the monthly, meeting of the committee of mauagemout of tho Immigrants' Home, held yesterday, special attention was directed to the crowded state of the institution, and regret was expressed that there was not accommodation for a great many more deserving poor, who ivcreslUl making application for admission. Applicants, it was stated, were frequently re commended by. the secretary of the Melbourne Hospital, the city magistrates, and from other quarters, but could not be admitted. ' A cabin message from the head, office in Londou of the British and Australian Trust and Loan Company Limited was yesterday received by the geuqriil manager of the com pany in London, intimating that " tho direc tors have resolved to, declare a. dividend for the half year to the 31st December last at the rate of 10 per cent.- per annum, and to place £3000 to tho reserve fund, making it £103,000, leav ing tt.halfince to be carried forward of .£5500." . At the meeting of tho Boroondara Council on -Thursday night tho proposals- for the celebra tion of the Queen's Jubilee wcro considered. The president said taat they were asked to con tribute £41 17s. -toward the erection of -a statu fa Melbourne. to wbicK h was oppottd. He expressed the opinion that the whole of the proposals seemad to have one cbjedt, and that' was the adornment of Melbourne. He, how ever, wonldbeqnite agreeable for the shire to join in an address to her Majesty, signed with the seal of tho vsrions corporations. Council lors generally concurred with the remarks of the president, and the last mentioned proposal wag agreed to. ' ' The pnpils of St. Joseph's R. C. School, Port Melbourne, numbering about 300 (Mr. Broderick, head master) were on Thursday given a treat on the local cricket ground by the member for the borough. Sir. F. T. Deriiain. Among the company who graced tho enter tainment were the Very Rev. Prior Butler and Fathers Shnffrcy and Byrne. The weather was tine and the day most cnjovably spent. Yes terday the children attending the Stato school, in number about 1500 (Mr. Bae, head master), were nlso given & picnic by Mr. Derham, nnd there were present, ns guests, the Protestant clcrgv, members of tho town coun- cil nnd of the Board of Advice of Port.Mcl- lonrnc. Tito enjoyment of all concerned was thorough. Mr. Derham has established these picnics 03 annual events! which arc looked for ward to and highly appreciated by the vonng folks and those who take an- interest in their well beiug. A mutinfe performance will be -given this afternoon, in the New Princess's Theatre, in aid of the widow and child of tho late Mr. William Hoskins. who for 30 years occupied a fore- inostjposition in the Australian colonicsnsoneof the most capable and intelligent of Shakspearean actors, in which all tho lending professional ladies and gentlemen now in Melbourne will appear. The programuio will commence with the first act of the popular spectacular drama, llnrlior Lights, now being produced at the New Princess's Theatre. It wilt be followed by a musical melange ; the comedietta entitled A Kiss : tho operetta, The Ring nnd the Keeper ; and concluding with the humorous sceuo depicted in Blueskiu's cave in Littleffack Shep- pard. In tho free aud easy entertainment, which became so popular when" tho extravaganza was recently played at the Opera House, a novelty will he introduced. The whole of the artists engaged in the mutinfe will appear in the scene as the gncsts of the convivul Blueskiu, A strong feeling has prevailed among Mel bourne musicians, both professional and ama teur, that the Misses Jorau, who will shortly leave the city, ought not to be allowed to go without some substantial token of the gratifica tion their perforninncos have afforded all true lovers of art. especially as the result of the con certs they gave was, from a financial point of view, so disappointing to themselves. To con sider, how this could best be done a meeting, convened by circular, was held itt the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, Mr. Julian Thomas in the citair, and Mr. Julius Herz performing the duties of secretary. Many letters of apology on account of unavoidable absence were read. Resolutions were passed in favor of the expediency of giving a concert, or miscellaneous entertainment, the co-operation of the musical artists of ; the city being specially invoked for the disposal of tickets. -Eventually, the meeting, was adjourned till Monday, a sub committee being appointed to disease and re port npon the policy of including dramatic ' selections in the programme, it being stated that Mr. George Rtgnold, Miss Kate Bishop dud other leading histrionic nrtists had offered their assistance; The time and place of the entertainment ore as yet not finally settled, but tho general opinion seemed to be favorable to a matinfc in the Freemasons Hall not later than'26th April, , The general meeting of the Melbourne Shak8pcare Society was held in the Assembly Hall yesterday evening, when an interesting discussion arose upon the play of Julius Ctesar, The principal point turned on the collapse of the great general and usurper when he uttered the memorable words, " et tu Brute," Dr. J. E. Netld, the reader of the paper, maintaining that tho death of the emperor was caused "by the severance of some vital duct, missed by the inoxperieuced assassin, while- other -speakers attributed it to the mental agony.ho felt at the perfidy of those whom he had every reason to count . amongst bis frieuds. The- subsequent papers were contributed -by Mr. A. S. Way, Mr. David Blair, and Mr. Jas. Smith, who read an interesting paper on Sbakspeare's contempt for the rabble. The usual variety entertainment will take place this evening in the Temperance Hall, Russell-street. . At the Princess's Theatre the drama Harbor Lights, which has now reached its fifth week, continues to be represented. Mr. Frank M, Clark's Silk Stockings Com pany will perform their latest specialty, Our Havaunah Beauties, this cveuiug, at. the Vic toria Hall. . The Alexandra Theatre is to be re-opened on Saturday next by a dramatic company, the principal members of which are MissAlico Norton and Mr. -,C. H. Siduey. John Gourlay, who will be pleasantly remem bered by. the. amusement loving public as beiug a member of the Salisbury . Troubadours,' will shortly make his re-appearance before a Mel bourne audience at the Bijou Theatre. At the St. George s Hall the amusing musical medley, entitled The Original Ghost 'entertain ment will be given tliis evening. One of the main features of the entertuiuinent is said to be tho novelty of the mysterious illusion. The amusing comcdy-draina. Pert and' her Stepmother, continues to draw good houses at the Bijou! aud is to remain on the boards till further notice. Miss Minnie Palmer's last nights are announced ns not fur distant. .'.Called Back will be played for four nights Iptiger at the Theatre Royal, the present season fliiu terminating. The house will re-open on ibtj 9th April, with the Driiry-lauo drama, A jFfctjh of Luck, in which Mr. Bland Holt will re- iyjpear, alter an absence of nearly four years. ! -.The Misses Joran nnnonucc their third and last concert to take place this evening, in the Atheuicnin nail. Tho programme provided is most attractive, and the young artists will have the assistance of 3Idl!c. Aldtni, Miss Minnie Lewis, Mr. Gladstone Wright and Herr Has- s'ehnann as vocalists, with Mr. Julins Herz as conductor. " The "annual exhibition of the Victorian Academy of Arts will be opened- to-day in the gallery-of the institution. Albert-street. The exhibits in oil'aud water color number nearly 200, some beiug of considerable- merit. The' most prolific and noticeable exhibitors are Mr. C. Rolando, Mr. Geo. Webb, Mr. J. S. Moore, - Mr. J. A. Tamer and Mr. De La Croue'e. Mr. J. Mather contributes ouly two oil pointings, but a number of charming' water colors. The season of Messrs. Brouglt - and Bouci- cault's burlesque company, at the Opera House terminated- lust night", Vice Versfi and the Forty Thieves being performed- for the last ti inc. Mr. George P. Hawtrey's new piece, The Pickpocket, adapted from the German, which has enjoyed a long run in England, will he produced this evening for the first time in Australia. Miss Florence Trevel- yau, Mr. F. H. Lave and Mr. H, B. Horwood hare leadiug characters in the cast. An opcn-nlrtempcraiic.'racd OK will be held on the Queen's Wharf to- ttiorroir afternoon, at 3 o'clock. The annual exhthitton of the vror-s of the students of the Natiouat (iallatv wl.l he 'opened on tho 25th of April. Tho weekly bine rlhbott meeting wilt be held In the Friendly societies' Ilall, Qoeensnerry-itrect, North Mel bourne. this eTuntna . T lie departure of Meisrs.Wm flnword Smith and Sona s. Konouwarra for Ade aid.' Itas be n altered from noon to .5 p.iu. to-day. The companynlao advertfse their ar rangements for the Hosier ho f-tny excursions to the various Intercolonial ports nt reduced fares. 