The Priest's Overcoat. ' Hurry on, thin, Molly, asthore, or his rever ence will he gone, and we can't get buckled this day,' said Paddy Rafferty to a buxom, rosy- cheeked giri' trudging beside him. ' Shure, thin, Paddy, it's but nine and tinpence we have got and he'll never marry us under the ponnd.' ' Well, agra, we'll give him the change any. way ; and shure enough here we are at the cha pel.' They entered, the man looking sheepish, and twirling liis hat nervously, whilst the girl, now that the decisive moment had arrived, walked with a free, firm step into tho sacristy. Father Doherty was just preparing to leave. 'Hallo, Molly j what do you want? Paddyi my boy, it's not. thinking of marrying yon are ?' he shouted, in stentorian tones. He was a burley man, red-faced and corpu lent. 1 Shure, thin, it is just that, and nothing else. Would you believe it yonr riverence, I have come here to get tied to Molly ?' ' Hum — hum — have yox the money ?' ' Well, father, you see, I could only scrape to gether nine and tinpenco. We're poor folks, yer honor, sir ; so perhaps you'll do it for that.' ' My fee is a pound, Paddy Rafferty ; well you know it, you ruffian. Not a penny less.' 'Oh, thin, father,' here put in Molly, plain tively, ' I pawned me only other gown for three shillings, and sorra a stitch I have, nor Paddy either, except what we have got on us. Shure you won't be too hard on us.' ' Borroy it from some of your neighbors. I will not perform the ceremony for a penny less. There, now, don't cry, there's a good girl. I'll give you a quarter of an hour to raise the money j so be off with you.' He seated himself in a comfortable chair, took out hiB breviary, and was soon deep in prayer. After abont 20 minutes the pair returned with radiant faces. ' Here, father, is the balance,' cried Molly, as she triumphantly produced a bright half sove reign and two dirty coppers. The priest smiled benignly. ' Well, well my children, I am very pleased indeed to be the instrument, nnder Providence, of nnitingyou in holy matrimony.' He went through the ceremony, and when it was over, Molly approched him timidly, finger ing something nervously. ' Am I married fast and certain now, father ?' she asked, anxiously. ' As faBt as Holy Church can tie you, my child. Even I conld not undo what I have done. You're Paddy Rofferty's wife till death,' he an swered, benevolently patting her dark hair. You're shure, father ?' she demanded again. 'Certain. I'll swear it if you like,' jocosely. " I wish you joy, my children ; and now I'll go.' ' Stop a bit j I have something for you. We are married safe now, anyway, and here's the ticket for yer honor.' \- The ghost of a smile curled Molly's full lips, and her dark eyes twinkled mischievously as she handed him the paper she had been fiddling with. ' What the — what is the meaning of thiB ?' asked Father Doherty Bternly. He turned to Rafferty for an explanation. 1 Shure, thin, father — would you believe ? — but Molly here took yer honor's overcoatj and brought it down to ould Byrne, the pawnbroker round the corner, and, be me sowl, she popped it for tin and tuppence, and shure there's the ticxet for yer riverence, and yon can git the coat out when you pays the money.' 