Queer Queries. Can seeing which way the wind blows be called mat* looks? Would it be quite correct to call a greedy man a ghost because you Baw him a-gobliu? Can you be said to be over head and eors in debt because you haven’t paid your hat 1b it really right to assume that neat spirits frequently drive people into untidy habits ? Do you know that, although a shoe maker finishes bis shoe at the beginning, he always begins at the last? Is a green-grocer properly described when you call him a “confiding tradesman?” Can an old maid’s boots be properly called mis(s) understandings ? What kind of tracing-paper does a man use when retracing his steps ? A celebrated philosopher us id to say 11 The favors of fortune are like steep rocks —only eagles and creeping things mount to the summit,” Said an old friend : “ I don't like a man who is intimate on short acquaintance, be cause he is almost sura to be ‘short * on in timate acquaintance. “Gentlemen of the jury,” Baid a lawyer, “would you set a rat-trap to catch a b:ar, or make fools of yourselves by trying to Bpear a whale with a knitting- needle ? I know you would not, Then how can you be guilty of the absurdity of convicting my client of Man slaughter for taking the life of a woman V* This prisoner was acquitted, On Girls.—This is a boy’s composition on girls. He says, “ Girls are the only folks that has their own way every time. Girls is . of several thousand kinds, and sometimes one girl can be like several thousand girls if she wants to do anything. This is all I know , about girls, and father Fays the less I know 1 about them the better off 1 am,” I “And how is your husbind to-day, Mr3, ! Carmichael ?” queried the minister on his j rounds of the wife of oue of his parishioners. “ Well, puir Jack,-he’s no sao< weel the day. | Ye see, he’s a layribble martyr to delirium i trimmins,” Shortly before his death, being visited by a clergyman whoso features as well as language were more lugubrious than con soling, Hood looked up at him compassion ately, nud said: “ My dear sir, I’m afraid your religion doaen’t agree with you.” A Definition —“What is a masked ball I” asked a good-looking lady. “ A charitable institution for ladies of plain features,” was the reply.—Klatteradatsoh. WlUNKLE Fon THE BLIND.—A blind man sits in the corner of a doorway, and when he hears the light footstep of a lady he takes off his hat and bows his head, covered with the snows of seventy Winters, saying—“ Oh 1 mndamu, take pity on a poor blind man who is deprived of the pleasure of seeing you ?” That fetches them.—Le Masque do Eei\ A Compassionate Soul. — Frau Von X-: “A poor beggar woman called on me to-day , * , , she looked the very picture of misery t” Frau Vou Z~— : “ Of course you gave her some assistance?” Frau Von X—— : “Yes, poor thing; 1 gave her , , , . a volume of my lyrical poems to comfort her in her misfortune.”—Dio Wes 