The Mysterious Bell-ringrhiKS. (Concluded.) In short, Vanderlyn was completely beaten, and began to wonder if there really were ghosts. By ten of the evening, after he had answered the goblin's ring a dozen times, be was in a state of considerable mental ex- citement. The hint of Pilkington, that there was something strange and evil in this family, began to disturb him seriously. Was it Anthony Taillefer's spectre which thus, perhaps, avenging some mortal wrong, dis- turbed the house ? Had the man really been poisoned? ll so, who? what cause? These internal questions became so disagreeable that he sought to stifle them by talking to the. widow and gazing into ber wondrous eyes. Her calmness ander the manifestations, her sweet and almoBt gay cheerfulness, so natural to a pure conscience, did mach to- ward s re-assuring him as to her blameless- ness and his own happiness. "It is a serious business for me, this bell-ringing," she said. "It may diminish the marketable value of the house. And I fear that I Bhellbe obliged to let it." Was she in pecuniary straits ? Vanderlyn thought of his three hundred thousand dollars, and wanted to roll them all at her feet- Perhaps he was only prevented from offering himself to her at once by the reflec- tion that she had been but one month a widow. Had he known her thoroughly, he would have known that there was in that fact no cause for hesitation, but also he would have known enough to make him recoil from such a proffer. The young man passed a wearisome and yet ludicrous night. It was pitifully comical to watch that j vast bulk of Pilkington's roll about the house in search of the bell-ringers, causing the firm floors to creak under its ponderous transit. On tiptoe Pilkington could not go ; his weight would have crushed the toes of a.megalosaurus; he must tread on the full, cushiony breadth of his elephan- tine pedals. Once he lay down, with many short-winded groans, to look under a door and spy the next room. But his stomach and hips kept his head at an altitude which prevented him from seeing anything ; and very soon the recumbent position brought on a spasm of suffocation which turned his yellow face to an awful crimson. It cost Vanderlyn a laborious minute to restore the giant to a sitting position on the floor, and another to place bim npon the sofa. After recovering such breath as still be- longed to him, be proceeded, in a tone of some bitterness, to speak of Mrs. Taillefer. And there Ác lies upstairs, sleeping 83 calmly as a baby. Do you suppose she cares because we are making a night of it on her account? Not a bit of it. She thinks of herself, that woman does ; she's like all the rest of her sex ; they are as selfish as cats. Just like eats, Mr. Vanderlyn-soft, purring, sly, selfish, cruel-that's precisely the phrase, Mr. Vanderlyn-selfishly cruel. Think of their own comfort, and their own nice fur. Nothing else-nothing else." "Are you not rather severe, at least, on Mrs. Taillefer ?" remonstrated the young man. Pilkington hesitated : he groaned with re- flection. We may as well suggest frankly that he wished to detach Vanderlyn from the widow, while he did not care to have her know of his efforts to deprive her of a poa* sible Buitor. "A word with you, sir," he answered, when he bad taken his resolution, " a word with you in strict and friendly confidence. Honor of a gentleman^^^Tanderlyn? I feel an interest in yon^^~~~~~Bh^^itp be well informed. Th^~^~^~^~^~^~~^fcnow I Bleeping BO "l^^^^^^^^^^^Hy* slept through other people's trouble. She is selfishness incarnate. Her mother was a widow and poor ; she starved herself to fur- nish her Diane with dresEeB; she positively killed herself with insufficient and improper food; and Diane, the pretty-bitten, let her do it. Then came Anthony Taillefer'a turn. After a cat has. eaten one monee, she must have another. When Taillefer fell in love with this girl and married her, he had just succeeded to his father's estate and wa3 try- ing to set it to rights. He held on to the family mansion, bat he was living economi- cally. He told his cirenmstances to his be- trothed ; he toldjier that be could not af- ford above five thousand a year fer household expenses ; he asked her to aid him in caving until tho plantation mortgages should be paid. Of course, she promised; cata always pro- mise." Here Mr. Pilkington uttered a sigh which waa well suited to the nature of his tale, bat which was probably meant to express no more than his EorrowB or twinges. " What did she'.do ?" Ho proceeded. "She began to eat Taillefer just as ehe had eaten her mother. He must give splendid pattie?; he must give receptions he muet have a gallery of pictures ; he must buy a new car- riage ; be must take her North. As for dres- sée, jewel«, and all that eort of .thing, he mustn't stint her. H he did, oh, wasn't he cruel 1 and didn't she pay him for, it ! You and I, Mr. Vanderlyn, don't know exactly bow husbands are bullied and governed. Bat they are ; we know that. Talkier was. He was a kind-hearted, weU-msaning'fellow; he, wanted other people to behappy ihe hated, to': cross his wife. She found oat all that¡-and she had no pity on him. She ate him up as calmly and prettily as she had eaten her mo- ther. He got deeper in debt every year; I knowhow it went with him; I am a broker. At last, of conree, the end came; but before it reached him, he stepped out ; yes, sir, step- ped ont. Haven't the least doubt of it, Mr. Vanderlyn. Strychnine. Couldn't bear to hear himself ealled a bankrupt. Perhaps couldn't bear to tell his wife that he had no more money for her. Both are likely. He was high-toned and he was soft- hearted." Mr. Pilkington closed his narrative in the abysses of a profound sigh. Vanderlyn began to see things by daylight. Here waa a fat.old Ulysses in love with a young syren ; aware of the perils of her enchant- ments, and yet unable to escape from them ; warning others from her isle, solely that he might remain her only victim. For it was pretty clear that, notwithstanding Pilking ton'a bitterness against the widow, he was desperately in love with her. He railed at her; he told the savage truth about her ; yes, but he wanted her tor his wife. In this carious spectacle Vanderlyn began to take a philoso- phic interest, which diminished his own in- fatuation. The yonng man's eyes being opened, ho made discoveries. From a word or two drop- ped by Pilkington, he inferred that the de- ceased Taileler had borrowed largely of that gentleman and had not repaid. Another discovery, Vanderlyn remarked on the expense of barning gas all night throughout so large a building. The sulky re- sponse was : " It won't cost her anything ; nothing costs her much." So Pilkington was still lending. As to the bell-ringing, he discovered noth- ing, except that they could keep him awake. What with waiting for noises, and dodging about in vain search for their canse, neither of the men got any sleep. The next morning their lustreless eyes and haggard faces pre- sented a Btrong contrast to the'freshness of Diane Taillefer, as sweet and cool as a lQy from the dews of a Bummer night. Vanderlyn was almost angry at the bland good-humor with which she smiled at the story of their vigils, and, by way of protest against her ungrateful lack cf sympathy, he went off to his hotel after breakfast and took a nap. During the day be met old travelling com- rades, and they, knowing his social position, introduced him to their friends. Within a week he-waa in society, visiting people who knew Diane Taillefer. Everybody who was anybody knew Diane Taillefer; everybody, too, wanted to talk about her. Public opinion was very positive as to the merits and demerits of this remarkable young woman. She was beautiful; yes, but she was heartless. She was charming, she wac bewitching; yes, but she had no sympathj for others. She was a born queen of society ; yes, but she ruined those who loved her Everybody knew that she had sucked the life out of a mother, and then had sucked th« life out of a husband. Yet there were plentj of women who envied the fame'of this fascia ating vampire, and plenty of men whe seemed wilting to offer their heart's blood foi her subsistence. The fast that her widow hood excluded her from society was to he rivals a keen joy, and to her admirers i matter of loud lament. " It is a cruel joke on her, thia mourning,' said one of her best friends-a lady of higl fashion-to Vanderlyn. " There she is, on i temporary funeral pyre, for a husband whoa she was glad to get rid of because he coull not support her in the style that she needs There she is, debarred from hunting th milhonaircs whom she wanta." On the whole, the young widow's characte suffered more than it gained at the hands o Mrs. Grundy. She herself contributed to he own defamation by keeping up her UBUS expenses, although her insolvent husband hai not left her a penny. Thia woman, stränget deficient in moral perceptions, never cooli understand the justice, the decorum, or eve; the wisdom of paying a debt. At a crédito who asked for his money she stared witl haughty astonishment, only slightly mixe with irritation. If a shop-keeper hesitated t trust her further, she conceived that he ha grossly insulted her, and turned her bael on him with annoying contempt. The dooi of a house which she did not own she ordere to be closed in the faces of people whos claims entitled them to say that they di own it. " I don't know how she will come out," rc marked the intimate friend above mc-ntionei " I fear that she will require two or thre men at once to support her. And, yon kno\ that sort of thing Beldom ends well." While Diane Taillefer wanted ta be traste by every one, she trusted no one. When Pi kington invested for her some ready oas which she bad kept out of the estate, si took bis receipt for it with a phrase whic was worldly wise, but the utterance of whic was cruel. " In mattera of business," she Eaid, with smile, " it will not do to confide in a bas ness-man. In other affairs he may ba a se! ' sacrificing friend ; but, as soon as it corni to business, be looks out for himself." I The circumstances which most injun Diane Taillefer was the bell-ringing. Th étrange annoyance, which soon became touro throughout the city SB a " spiritual manife tation," eo thoroughly captivated and b witched the popular credulity, as to make accept any phantasmal figment which migl [ seem to aooount for it. It was soon reporti that the bells were rung by Anthony Tail! j fer's ghost ; then came a suspicion that tl haunting spirit had eome wrong to avengi then arose whisperings of poison. By ncgroei That, in the opinion of New Orleans, tv; always probable. By Diane Taillefer. Peop looked at this question; no one wished utter it. The body was taken from the family van and traces of strychnine were found in But at this point the investigation w arrested by Pilkington, who brought forwa strong probabilities of suicide. He showed t pecuniary affairs of the deceased bad loi been in s hopeless state ; he produced a nc in TaUIefer's handwriting, which spoke " teeking surcease ot trouble in death ; " ?hort, he kept the affair out of the cour Nevertheless, the Ecandal was a heavy blow to Diane in more ways than one. Aiter she had succeeded, through Pilkington's admir- -= able management and liberal loans, in sav- ing the house for herself ont of the insolvent estate, ehe found that it had become value- less aa a piece of property. Sha could not live in it for lack of means, and she could not lent it because it was haunted. Another fatal incident was that her old ad- mirers tvere perverted by the popular preju- dice. It began to sceni unlikely that any of the wealthy yoong men of New Orleans would marry a woman -who had become known as a "huêband-killer." Prom the . time that this blasting epithet gained cur rency in society, tho retirement of her widowhood was not adorned by a single .flir- tation, excepting the affairs with Vanderlyn . and the broker. The Nsw Yorker waa tempted by this dangerous and brilliant bait. The fact that it was dangerous rendered it a'most as fasci- nating to him as the feet that it was brilliant.' We know how youth loves adventures; how it longs for the ideal and tte unheard of; how chivalrous and generous it is ; how cap. able of self-sacrifice ; how hungry for plea- sure ; how reverent of beauty. In the history, character, and person of Diane Taillefer there was what promised to satisfy all youth's ? craving impulses. To Vanderlyn's senses and appreciation she seemed to fill the air ' ! around ber with an odor,¿r a taint, of.be- ' wildering temptation: In:spite of the warn- ings which be had received,~in spite of the dreaoTarrd even aversion for her with which .^fêbréavh bf" society occasionally affected him, iie cïrald not help longing to possess her. *. At last he was distinctly offered his choice, ' i whether he would take or refuse the alluring .' prize. He was alone with Diane in her parlor. After the manner of hi3 sex, he was lounging faom place to place in the room, now stop- ping to glance at one of the old pictures on -. tba walls, now fingering the bronzes on the mantel, now taming over the leaves of an album, but all tho while talking. After the manner of her sex, she sat tranquilly upon* sofa, waiting for bim to approach. He waa thinking of his longings and her beauty; she. was thinking of her necessities' and his for- tune. "Thanks," she said, with her most be- .: [ witching smile, when he at last took a seat , beside her. " You have flattered the pictures and bronzes long enough. I want to engage a moment of your attention for myself. -"Ob,- bat ynn havfl all rny_moments. yon know," he answered, lightly. '" ~~ She heard him without smiling, her elbow resting on an arm of the sofa, her faca sup- ported and partly hidden by her hand, her eyes fixed on the floor with an expression ol melancholy. " Let me be serious," she murmured. " I am in pressing need of your kindest consider- ation and counsel. You will forgive me for imploring thus much of you. I am driven to it." . . . "A woman is so helpless 1" she sighed,., still playing upon the chord of masouline pity . . for feminine feebleness. .' If I were a man, I could face my embarrassments. I could : plunge into the world, and carve out success, or at least safety. As things are, all that I can, do is to accept one man's help or an- other's" Her voice wa3 music; it lolled and be- witched him. Her eyes were marvelously beautiful and pathetio ; they seemed to plead fer his soul, and to obtain it. "A man's terms are so hard 1" she went '' on. " He will save the woman whom he pities on the solé condition ot possession Such a salvation has been proposed to me byj__; a man who is horrible, who ia disgusting.; Ah, it is worse than death, such help ! Tell me, \ ? shall I accept it ? Shall I marry Mr. Pilk- ington!" Vanderlyn was crazed. The thought that this woman was about to be taken from him made her suddenly precious. The idea of see- ing so much beauty surrendered to such bestial ugliness.drove him to long to reseuo it, at no matter what self- sacrifice. He was on the point of extending his hand to take hers At that instant the bell rang. The clear tintinnabulation vibrated through his scirit . like a warning from the other world. Ail at once life seemed ghostly to him ; he believed , for the moment in the interference of super- nal powers; an impulse drove him to truBt his "V : future to the guidance of fatality. ; v" " If I find any human being at the door," he said to himself, " í will marry her." Without glancing at Diane, he rose, crossed the room as stealthily as a spectre, and opened the door. No one was in the hall ; the bell-wire was still trembling; he opened the outer door-no one. " When he came back, his face was almoEt deathly pale, bui he looked firmly into Diane's eyes, as he said; "I have no coun- sel to give. " In that caBe," she replied, with a flush of desperation and anger, " I shall follow the advice of the only man who is my true friend. I shall marry Mr. Pilkington." A fow months later Vanderlyn, lounging over the files in a New York Club, read the announcement of the]marriage of Diane Girou deau Taillefer to J. D. Pilkington, both ot New Orleans. After a while Vanderlyn learned that Diane was once more a queen of society. The enor- mous fortune of her husband enabled her to display a sumptuous elegance of dress and hospitality which crashed all competition. Even the high-bred aristocracy of New Or- leans submitted to the insolent domination of Mrs. Pilkington. Once he met her at Newport. She be- witched him anew with her beauty, and grace, and affability. Not a suspicion of vindictive- ness or even coolness in her reception of him. She noted that he bowed to her in spirit, and smiled upon bim for it. She seemed to him incomparably charming. - ^ Then caine th'é'war, and with it a suspicion that she might be;sharihg in the ruin of the South, but no positivo knowledge. Finally, Vanderlyn returned to Louisiana, as colonel of a New York regiment, in Banks's expedí dition. At Fort Jackson he learned, from a Confederate prisoner, that the well-known broker Pilkington had died a bankrupt months previous, and that his widow had disap- peared from a Bociety which was even then falling into poverty-stricken decay and con fasion. . An evening or two alter his arrival in New Orleans, he went alone to the Taillefer man- sion. The moonlight showed him the huge building aa we. have described it-a sombre forbidding, hopeless, relentless pile, its doors nailed up and its windows barred. As he gazed, a citizen lounged by. Some conversation took place as to the deserted house ; then Vanderlyn inquired about the bell-ringings-had the cause of them been discevered ? " Oh, the ghost business,"replied the other. " No ! no satisfactory explanation ; it was always a mystery. I never knew ol another thing which was such a complete puzzle to everybody." Presently a carriage passed slowly, and Vanderlyn perceived in it a brother officer, evidently in a state of intoxication. By his side eat a woman. She leaned forward and surveyed the mansion wistfully. He heard her say, "That waa once my house." The officer rudely slapped her on the ? shoulder, with a drunken laugh of good humored incredulity, and & taunt of fearful, though unmeant cruelty. "You wemen al- ways have some such trash to tell ;'go talk to the marines." Aa she fell back in her Beat, with a pathetic gesture of anger and despair, Vanderlyn lost sight forever of the now haggard features, the almost obliterated beauty, of Diane Tail-, leter, Gtt 