THE YANYARIE GHOST AND MODERN SPIRITISM. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In a few centuries, if not before, people will read and think over the stories of the "spirit manifestations" of the 19th century as we now read and think over the witch stories of former times. We can imagine the pity with which the mind of any one living in educated circles in the year 2100 will bellied for those drindnd persons who now call in the aid of corporeal" medium 8" and of " invisible epirits"(of die existence of whom we hare sot soy proof whatever) to account for several phenomena of the causes of which they are altogether ignorant. Even supposing that it should never be discovered how the noises were produced which disturbed the quiet of Mr. HamdorFs household, and which are now said to be annoying the family of Me. Rode ffriero, still it would be the height of humio oily to attribute them to the wandering ?spirit"of the little girl's mother, or of the drowned shepherd, or of ?ny other deoowod or living person. In fact we lure no clear evi dence of or reason for believing that the "spirit" (mind) of man or of any other erea ture can exist either in a passive or active ?t?te apart from the Ihiag nervous organism with which, so far as we are capable of judging, it must be inseparably connected. With all doe deference to your correspondent, Air. Geo. L. Barrow, I submit that only visionaries have ever been impressed by so called "spiritualcommunications'' said to have been received through the ?? celestial telegraph," or nave ever beheld, touched, or danced with what is termed in spiritist circles "a materialised spirit," or save ever witnessed human limbs and forms being evolved from or which had been evolved from " mediumistic organisms," or have ever come into contact with any "mediam between the living and the spirit of the dead." The case cited by Mr. Barrow in support of the genuineness of what he calls "spiritual phenomena " is Dot only devoid of that neces sary evidence which is essential to establish it, but it also lacks the evidence that alone could convince the strict and unbiassed scientific in vestigator that the exploits which ware wit nessed by Professor Crookes, Sergeant Cox, and others on the occasion referred to were not performed by a human agent or agents. As yet no true at thorough scientific teet has demonstrated the reality of " ppiritu-m." A belief in or a predispo?itisn to believe in either ghosts or spiritism is not an advantageous qualification to the scientist* Instead of assisting any one in investigating any particularly strange phenomenon it will probably kad him to form false conclusions respecting it by which he will most likely succeed in deceiving others as well aa himself. Let those who may seek to unravel the mysteries of the so-called "Yanyarie ghost" be fully persuaded of the fact that no sound which is heard by man can be produced by any other than a purely natural cause or combina tion of purely natural causes. Let then en deavor to discover a natural cause or causes for the toues, and they will be more licely to find a satisfactory explanation of the same.' I am, &c.;, CHAS. ROSE. May 28, 1887. 