FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, 1887. Although Mr. Downer did not unfold a political programme at the social given at Gawler in his honor last night, he said several things that cannot fail to attract attention. Probably the explanation he gave of the light in which he regarded the meeting, and of bis reasons for not at the present moment making an official state ment of the Government policy, wfll be generally accepted as reasonable. Gene rally, we say, because in the case of Mr. i Downer, as in that of other politicians, j there are those who cannot be satisfied with whatever he does. If he pipes to them they will not dance, and if he mourns to them they will not j lament. If he had stated the Govern ment policy, they would either have blamed him for doing so, or else satisfied themselves with denouncing the policy itself; and as he did not etate the policy they will most certainly denounce him for not doing so. This is the treatment the leader of a Government is certain to re- j ceive; and we presume that by this time ' Mr. Downer is so familiar with the ex- j perience that it does not very greatly trouble him. Ihe Premier has confidence in the fidelity of the Barossa electors to himself as their representative, and is not afraid te leave the colony on public duty on the eve of a general election, but trusts them to stand by him in his absence as if he were on the spot. Nor do we suppose for a moment that there is any fear that his confidence will prove to have been mis placed. True, he baa not thought It necessary, or seemly, at this particular stage to enter npon an election campaign, after the usual pattern. Nevertheless he has in a less formal way sought penonal intercourse with the electors; and, judg ing from the character of the proceedings last night, it eeems pretty apparent that he is on the beat of terms with his con stituents. And if they are coulent, and are prepared to accept what has been done as all that is necessary to be done ia the way of electioneering and personal canvass, that is nobody's business but their own. So far as the colony is concerned we have the assurance of the Premier that the Government have agreed upon their policy. It will be expounded in due course, and it may or may not prove satis factory to tiie constituencies; but the suggestion is an idle one that because the Premier is going away no authoritative exposition of the proposals of tho Govern ment can be made, and that he will not be bound by the declarations of his col leagues in his absence. It may be ad mitted that an unusual course is being followed, but the occasion ia not only un usual, but unprecedented, and surely some allowance should be made for circumstances so exceptional. Mr. Downer stated the reasons that have induced him to accept the mission to attend the Imperial Conference. He regards it as an occasion of the utmost importance, not only as it will give oppor tunity for the discussion of several questions of the greatest practical interest, both to England and all her dependencies, but also as It presents a means of assisting to mark the jubilee of her Majesty's reign by a movement, the effect of which may be to considerably cement the ties that bind the colonies to the mother country. If there is one thing more than another that has distinguished the national life of tiie present generation itisthegrowth and development of the idea of government according to and by the will of the people. It is acknowledged that, as these colonies grow in population anl develop their institutions, it is right that they should be recognised in the Imperial policy, and that they should not either be governed by rule of thumb from Downing-street, or left to attend only and solely to their own affairs as if they were not integral partsof agreat empire, and had no interest in anything affecting the empire beyond the exact limits of their own territory. It has often been com plained that the colonies are not under stood, and are not considered by those who have the direction of the Imperial policy. Well, it can scarcely be said now that there is no disposition shown to remedy this state of things if it exists; and it might be very appropriately asked whether the colonies themselves should at this moment be parties to any arrangement that may even seem to indicate that they are either careless about, or Indisposed to enter into, a scheme which will do much to present colonial matters in a clear light to the official mind. We think Sir R. D. Ross and Mr. Downer were perfectly right in their contention that the occasion was one demanding such action as would show that we esteemed it as one of momentous importance now, and fraught with the deepest interests, because of what it may lead or grow to. The question of repre sentation, therefore, was not one merely of personal suitability, but of official status, and the Premier was very properly urged that it was his duty to attend the con ference on behalf of South Australia. Among tile questions dealt with by Mr. Dowser none perhaps will attract more attention than the proposed contract with Messrs. Chafiey Bros. The Premier's remarks upon tiie purpose the Govern ment had in view In entering into negotia tion with these gentlemen deserve perusal. It is perfectly true that the tendency to depend on foreign capital and outside aid for our public works and development of the country may be carried to a dan gerous extreme. Mr. Downer did not make a statement about the revenue ; but the fact referred to elsewhere that at the end of December last there was a defi ciency of £1,040,000 is unpleasant enough, and might suffice to show, if th?t were necessary, that able administration, com bined with economy, will be absolutely necessary to restore the finances of the colony to anything like a satisfactory con dition. And one of the most vital matters, in aiming at this object, is the cultivation of the spirit of self-dependence, and the restoration of confidence in the resources of tire country. Tire proposed arrangement with Messrs. Chaffey Bros, is designed to increase the faith of the colonists in tire value of their own posses sions, and to stimulate them to make the best of them. The question is really not one merely of how much Messrs. Chaffey Bros, will do themselves in regard to the land that they are to have, but how much their work will teach and their example will stimulate the colonists at |irge. The land, we are assured by the Attorney-General, is at present worthless. If Messrs. Chaffey Brothers can teach us how by irrigation evan such land may be made a source of wealth they will deserve the proposed grant in return for the educational value their enterprise will possess. We should deprecate "a " do-nothing policy;" and we hope the Government will be no parties to check progress. in any direction, even where it requires the introduction of foreign capital. At the same tune we are glad that they have the courage to dtal with the important matter of irrigation in a manner that affords the prospect of such advantages as are well worth purchase at the price of some few thousands of acres of our practically un limited estate. Sot much of comfort or satisfaction is to be derived from an examination of the revenue and expenditure returns for the quarter and year ending December 31 la?t, which are published in yesterday's Gazette. The figures approximately show ing the revenue for the closing three months of 1886 were published on January 1 last, but the returns of expenditure are now to hand, and the exact position of the finances at the end of tiie year may there fore be arrived at. It is cheerless to find that in spite of all that has been done of late years to swell the revenue account by additional taxation, and by ingenious dis plays of bookkeeping which more than one Treasurer has indulged in to make his balance seem as little unsatisfactory as possible, we have still to record the failure of efforts to make revenue and ex penditure balance, and the continued increase of the deficit. The serious fallirg-ofl" in the principal lines of income has been so much larger than the savings that have been effected through applica tion of the policy of retrenchment that even now, quite apart from the question if discharging the troublesome deficit, the problem ia unsolved how the colony is to pay its way without adding to exist ing liabilities, Blatters financial ware bad enough-when it was found that at the end of tie last financial year, June SO, 1830, the Treasurer* accounts disclosed a debit balance of £813,402. They were worse on September 30, when the quartet* cc turns revealed an increase of the do ficiencjr to £936,'M8; but the climax was not reached until the end of the December quarter, and now the unpleasant an nouncement has to be made that the new year opened with a deficit which had at last run into seven figures, and stood at the alarming total of £1,043,247. The shrinkage of revenue in , almost all directions which has gradually ! led to this result is strikingly illustrated j by the tables in the G?:.dt>' comparing the j revenue and expenditure for the year ending December ."1, 1885, with the figures for the following year. The in come for 1885—the ordinary, not the financial year—amounted to £2,309,591, while the revenue for 1880 made a total of £1,975,2G9, or a decrease of £334,322. It must be remembered that the 188(i accounts include a purely book keeping item of receipt—the £150,000 recoup from the Northern Territory, the omission of which would have made the comparison still more unfavorable to last year than it actually is. Excepting the new item of stamp duties and a few trifling increases in the Chinese poll tax, education, and ordinary rents, the revenue of 1880 shows a falling-off all along the line. In territorial revenue alone the decrease reaches the large total of £201,838, while there was a falling- off in Customs of £133,521, in railways of £112,491, and in the land and income taxes of £33,813. The public expenditure for 1885 amounted to £2,454,808, and for 1880 to £2,234,395. It will be seen that while the decrease in the Government outlay came to the sobstantial Bum of £220,412, the revenue unfortunately fell off about £114,000 In excess of that amount ; and no figures could more clearly show how thus far the policy of rigorous economy that has been adopted has completely failed to make good the amount that has been lost through the depression affecting Customs, railway, and land revenue alike. When we come to consider how the reductions in expenditure have been effected, it is only needful to point out that over £100,000 was saved in the Public Works Department and about £05,000 in the Land Depart ment, in order to bring home the fact that the decreased outlay is mainly due to the reduced expenditure on public works and the cutting off of services. Afore has been done by the present Government than by any of its predecessors to curtail expenses in connection with the working of establishments, but the amount saved by retrenchment of this kind is a mere trifle com pared with the savings which are directly attributable to the lessened outlay on public works. But leaving the com. parison of the two yean we may pass on to consider the figures for the two De cember quarters. The revenue returns for the last three months of 188G have already been given. As compared with the returns for the immediately pre ceding quarter they indicated an im provement which, though not consider able, was still welcome. The true comparison is, however, with the cor responding quarter of the previous year, and this shows a decrease in revenue amounting to noless a sum than £181,573. In Customs and territorial revenue the falling off, as we pointed out when dealing with the approximate returns, was large; but there was a gratifying increase in the income from railways, which will certainly continue during the remainder of tiie financial year. The expenditure for the December quarter of 188G was £527,460 as against £594,234 for the corresponding three months of the pre ceding year—a substantial decrease of £60,773. At least £40,000 of this saving has been effected on the lines public works and miscellaneous in the various Government departments. Bearing in mind the extraordinary shrinkage in the territorial revenue, we should naturally look to the Land Department for the most striking illustration of the policy of retrenchment. The land receipts for tiie quarter amounted to £38,000, or only about £3,000 more than the cost of work ing the Land Department for the same period. Comparing tiie expenditure, however, with that for the corre sponding quarter of 1885, we find a net decrease of about £40,000, the prin cipal savings being in miscellaneous, im migration, public works, and survey. The net decrease in the Public Works Depart ment was £10,691, the sum of £4,413 being saved on railways, and £0,254 on other public works. In the Chief Secre tary's department the net decrease amounts to £0,641, of which £7,437 was saved on defences, and £1,005 en police. The Treasurer's depart ment shows a decrease of £4.824, the savings being made oh the working of the Taxation Office and the Marine Board. Betrenchmrnts in the Supreme and Insol vency Courts, in the country courts, and various law departments, have enabled the Attorney-General to show a net de crease of £1,476. The Minister of Education has effected considerable reductions in connection with post offices and institutes, but an increase on the working of the Education Depart ment has bronght down the net decrease in tiie expenditure under his control to the sum of £1,380. It is evident from a consideration of the expenditure that although much has already been done to bring it within the limits of the ordinary revenue, there is still room for substantial retrenchment in the working of establish ments. When the Treasurer presented his re vised ways and means to Parliament last session he estimated the revenue for the financial year 1886 7 at £2,243,563. For the first six mon*3 of the year he has received only £830,000, so that the income for the j current and the next quarters must ex- I ceed that of the first two by £.">83,50:? in order to realise his expectations. The Treasurer estimated that he would require to spend £2,233,550 during the year. The expenditure for the first nx months has amounted to £710,555, or £300,223 leas ! than half the estimated outlay for the year. j The revenue was so much less than w? expected during the September and De cember quarters that it seems almost too ; much to hope that the receipts for the last six months of the financial year will fully bring np the arrears. The falling-off in j Customs find land sales is far from en- ! couraging, but on the other hand the rail- j w?y returns exhibit a satisfactory iin- ? provement. Credit has etill to be taken ! for the real property assurance fund, . amounting to £72,000; the land and in- ! come taxes have yet to come in ; and stamp duties are a new item, which will figure fairly well in the revenue for the second half of the year. - The deficit now i aiuouata to over a. {uiUioo, - To? Twa- j i surer led Parliament to believe tint k* would be able to reduce it to £dOj,ooo by June SO next, bat If lie succeeds in bring ing about that result he will be enabled to do co lather by cutting ilovra expendi ture than by receiving revenue to the amount he estimated for the year. Strict economy in Government expenditure is and must continue to be one of the chief points in the financial policy of the country. It does not seem possible to avoid increased taxation, and at any rate the present system must be altered ; bat nothing that can be done to bring the ex penditure of the colony within the limits of our straitened revenue ought to be , nrglected. Among the items of election intelli gence that are now daily forthcoming there is none that will be received with more interest than the announcement of the retirement of tbe Hon. John Colton frcm political life. For 20 years, as he says in Ids brief address to the electors of Noarlunga, he has been a representative in the Assembly, and be has always taken a very active part in the political move ments of the time. Mr. Colton is not a man to occupy any position without making his personality and influence dis tinctly and even powerfully felt. Itwould scarcely be correct to say that he has always been a leader among his fellow members in the Assembly, for there hare been times when be has been pretty much alone, and when there were few prepared to follow him; but he has always had in fluence, and has always been a force that shrewd politicians perceived had to be reckoned with. His absence therefore from the place he has filled in Parlia ment will be felt, especially by those who in the past have been associated with him in the representation of the country, and it may safely be said that there are few indeed who will not feel the most genuine regret at Mr. Cotton's withdrawal from Par liamentary life. Even those who have most differed from him will cheerfully testify to the sterling qualities that characterised Mm as a public man; and the best and strongest of them will miss him as a fireman worthy of their steel. Mr. Colton is one of the best known men of tbe colony, and, notwithstanding that be has not unfrequenUy deemed it right to pursue a course that has sot been popular, one of the most respected also; and we ventare to predict that, as time passes, and the natural feeling that must always be associated with political conflict is forgotten, the respect in which Mr. Colton is held will only increase. It is hardly necessary for us to say that we have frequently had occasion to criticise Mr. Colton'e political acts; bat, however much we may have occasionally dis sented from his policy, we have never had reason to doubt his sincerity of purpose and his thorough conscientious ness. Probably the qualitaesinMr. C jlton that have commanded respect and confi detce are those which more than any others constituted the secret of his success in public life. He has ever shown great energy and force of character, and the admirable administration of the de partments of which be has bad the charge has amply proved bis business ability. But it may be safely said that Mr. Cjl ton's strongest point has been that he has always been credited with absolute loyalty to bis convictions. There have been occasions when Mr. Colton has taken a course that has rendered him posi tively unpopular with a large sec tion of the community, but the courage and fidelity that led him to dare unpopularity were in the minds of the thoughtful greatly to his credit. Mr. Colton has been as con spicuous in the part he has taken in social and philanthropic movements as in the political arena. Of course there are some respects in which be can continue bis useful work in connection with the charities and religious and social institu tions with which his name stands identified ; bat unfortunately the failure of health that necessitates retirement from Parliament, in this case also prevents the possibility of tbat close personal atten tion which Mr. Colcon has been accus tomed to give to the business and public representation of the causes that secured bis sympathy. His active partici pation in their business conduct and his advocacy will be greatly missed. At Mr. Colton's time of life it is hardly to be ex pected that enforced rest willfully restore him to bis earlier vigor, but we are sure we only express the general feeling when we say that we hope it will at least so far benefit him that he will for a long time live to render valuable service to the colony and the community in which he has ever shown so deep an interest. The banquet or social tendered to the Hon. J. W. Downer (Attorney-General), and Mr. F. Basedow, M.P., on Thurs day, at Gawkr proved to be a gnat success. There were represeutatiye? from all parts of the district of Baroasa present, and the tasteful display of losal products on the well - laden tables could not fail to be attractive to the guests. In all about 180 persons eat down, in cluding some 20 members of Parliament who came from Adelaide to do honor to tbe members for the district. Aa we had stated would be the case the Attorney- General did not make any disclosure of the Ministerial policy. That, he said, would be done at tbe proper time and in a proper manner. He made a reference to the period of de pi ession through which the colony has been pas it g, and having urged the necessity for individual enterprise and hard work acnounced that an agreement would in all piobability be definitely made in the course of a few days with Messrs. Cnaffey Brothers in respect of the Murray irrigation scheme. The piincipal portion of the speech was devoted to the approaching Imperial Con ference, and Mr. ltawner justified at some length his departure from the colony at the present juncture. There were, he said, so departmental affairs or matters of administration immediately requiring his presence in the coloDy, and the pjlicy of the Minittry had been agreed upon. This was the jubilee of her Majesty the Queen as well as our own jubilee, and when England and .Eng land's Queen bid us go there, it was not our place to stand in the background. The speech occupied 55 minutes in deli very, and was loudly cheered from beginning to enl. The Hon. J. Martin, M L C., who occupied the chair, stated that Mr. Downer when in Eng land intended to do all he could to bring the rr.erits of colonial wines before the EaglUh people. Tbe return journey to Adelaide was accomplished in 40 minutes, the party reach ing the terminus at ten minutes past 13 o'clock. Messrs. Chsffey Brothers returned from Melbourne to Adelaide by the express train on Thursday morning, and an appointment was at once made to meet the Premier during the forenoon. We understand that an agreement has been arrived at between the Government and the lessees of the country where it is proposed to establish the irrigation colony icr the tesumption of the lease. This has been rendered necessary, as other wise the land could not bs resumed with out giving the necesrary notice under the Act, and that would cause too long a delay. The lease of the river frontage does not expire until ISSL These difficulties have, however, been satisfactorily settled, and there is every piobability that the negotiations between the Government and Messrs. Chaffey Bros, will be j brought to a head at once. There are certain conditions which will have to be determined, and we believe that if the Messrs. Chaffey do not make any stipulations as to the particular portion of the laud at which they wish to commence operations the scheme can" be undertaken immediately. Messrs. Chatfey Bro?. inform us that they have nit Undertdfor any Victorian land, and have no intention of doing bo, nor do they know whether the Victorian Government have re ceived any tenders as yet. The Government Resident of the Northern Territory has sent a telegram to the Minister ot Kducation respecting the outbreak of small pox on beard the Cbangtu, in which he states that when tbe vessel was boarded Captain Arthur stated that the boat was clean, and that he had examined the passengers on the previous day. Dr, Wood personally examined IKS passengers before the Chinaman buffering from smallpox was observed, and then there were only three or four more passengers to be examined. A. meeting of the Koyal Commission for S<>Blh Australia to arrange? for representaiioa of-South /Au?tiauw pr^iucU and mum factcre* ?t the Ad?A%vi? Jlib-l-t; later national Exhibition wmi held at the offiai of fate Excellency the Governor on Tiuug -1 d*y. There were present — His Eroel. fenpy, the Chief Secretary, Sir B, D. R^ M.F, tie Hon. T. Piayford, M P., th ? Hoa! Alfred Catt, M P., Messrs. C. C Kiogrtou. M.P., W. E. MattuMon. M.P., T. Sjherk! M.P., J. C. F- Johnson, M P., J. H. Anga^ A. A. Kirkpatrick, \V. A. Robinson. A. Adamson, T. Hack, A, S Ciark, and Titos. Hardy. The secretary reported tli?t 1L.359 feet bad befn applied for, aad that ap plications representing an area of 9.232 ieet weie in course of negotiation. With reference to tbe dcnre expressed fey ths vignerons that tLey might hare ? nnited tropby of Sooth Australian wines, tbe secre tary reported tbat an influential meeting of vignerons bad taken tbe matter in hand, and their euegeetioag would be laid before the crtntrii?sion in due course. Several addition* ware made to the various ctxranitteei from tl? new men berg of the comruiggion. The Troa- Eurer (Hon. J. C. Bray) was unanimously elected vicp president of the commission during the absence of the Premier. On the motion of Sir B. D. Robs, it was resolved that upon the receipt by the Commisdon of the exhibits of iron ores and other minerals from the Indian and Colonial Comroi'sion tbe Government should bo requested to enlarge it, co as to ensure dne representations of Hie iron ore* procurable in the province. The secretary reported that the sum of £600 had been voted by Parliament for distribution as prizes for labor-saving ap pliances, and the matter was, at the request of the Chief Secretary, referred to a committee, consisting of the chairman of each of the committees and the gentle men on the commission representing the Chamber of Manufactures to a^gest the conditions upon which the awards should be distributed. Tbe question of prizes for gold and silver mining appliances, in accordance with the recommendation made in Parliament by Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, wai aim submitted to tbat committee for consideration and report. In the view of such a large amount of prize-money being available, and of which sufficient publicity had not been yet given, it was decided to extend the time tor receiving applications generally, but more particularly with reference to these awards, until February 15. Farther discussion took place with reference to the erection of an arma ment annexe, and it was resolved to submit the question to the committee of general manu factures, giving them power to confer with the Government relative thereto. The proposal Co make a canvass of the various manufacturers to induce additional interest in tbe departments in which they were interested was referred Co the committee having charge of thia section, with power to act at once if found desirable. P.G. Batigan arrived from Melbourne by the express train on Thursday, having in charge H. L. Whittell, solicitor, charged witb fake pretences; and Robert Irvine, engineer, charged with forgery. From a return courteously furnished ni by Dr, Schomburgk, we gather that the number of vehicles that entered the Botanic Park at the Frome-road gate during 1886 ,?r*s 4,65 L ' and the number of horsemen 618; white 6,353 vehicles and 810 horsemen entered at she Hackney gate. The half-yearly meeting of Oder's Wool and Produce Company was held at the company's office on Thursday, January 27. There was a fair attendance, and tbe Hob. D. Murray occu pied tbe chair. The Chairman reported tfrtt the half- year's business had been more pcqgt-' able than they had hoped it would be, andsbe; directors felt justified in declaring the Mtf* dividend for the past six months at the estul S per cent, per annum. The report w& adopted and the malting terminated. The following cablegram appears in the Syd ney Evening Nan of January 24:—Some of the most famous of the British artists and sculp tors have intimated their intention of sending specimens of their genius to the Adelaide J übilee Exhibition. The foreign committee of the American Senate have recommended that a sum of 50.00 D dollars be devoted to pro moting the exhibition of specimens of Ameri can industries at the forthcoming Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. On Thursday next at the Government bad Office 82 town allotments at the Yunta-atatioa, on the Petersburg and New Siuth Wales border railway line, will be offered for sale. They will be submitted in lots of aqatrter acre each, tbe upset price being 50*.; the advances in the bidding to be not less than ss. Twenty per cent of the purchase money has to be paid at the fall of the hammer, and the balance within one month. Tnu be ing tbe nearest station to tbe Teetulpa gold fields there should be a large attendance of buyers, Wehavereoeived from Mr. F. Wilton Gardiner the forty eighth report and balanos-sheetof the New Zealand Insurance Company. The fire and marine premiums for the year ending November SO, 1886. amount to £217.342 17a. 4d., and interest, *c, £26,818 s*. IM. After carrying £20,000 tothe reserve ana"ravestmeut fluctuation account there remains a balance to credit of profit and loss of £18,9315*. 10d., out of which a dividend of 15 per cent, has been declared. The roaoivo and reinsurance funds now amount to £235,000, and the paid-up capital to £200,000. A'letter was read at Thursday's meeting of the Marine Board from several pilots at Porte Augusta and Pirie, mtnplainrng (hat a num ber of vt?sds bad recently bsen taken from Port Adelaide up the gulf in charge of un licensed penons. These vessels were the Asbmore. Ariadne, Wilbelmina, and the Afma. The mpmoriausts stated that the in justice was felt very severely, and they asked for the Protection of tbe board. After some little discussion tie wardens considered that the Spencer's Gulf pilots were protected by the by-laws, and that they had a remedy in their own bands. The bushranger, Harry Power, at one titna the dread of tbe north eastern dutriet of Vic toria, and who was liberated from Peotridge about two years ago (says tile Age of January 26), is at present a patient in the Mel bourne Hospital, where he is undergoing a painful operation for a disease contracted through exposure and long and trying rides in mountainous country. Since his liberation Power, who is now a very old man with a white beard of medium length, has eho?n no disposition to return to his favorite haunts at Greta and the Strathbogie ranges, and baa worked hard on Sir W. J. Clark's D jnnybrook station. He has become quite a favorite with all at the station, and, in fact, is liked by all with whom he comes in contact. A meeting of the committee of the Chamber of Commerce was held on Wednesday, there being present Messrs. John Formby (chairman), L. P. Lawrence, J. W. Cotton, A. W. Meeks, Thos. Rhodes, A. Kauffmann, and F. S. C, Driffield (secretary). A letter was read from the Treasurer, in reply to the application of the committee that the statistics of cereal* might be taken this year particularly on account of it being the jubilee year, stating that it was not the intention of the Government to collect them, as Parliament had made no ncoviaou for the purpose. A letter from the Treasurer in reply was read relative to tbe stamp duties being charged on charter parties, to the eff act that until a case was submitted it was doubtful how they would be effected. Jt was, hoarerer, ttated in committee that tbat had been done, and the charter parties'were ahown to be ixempU A new and interesting chart of Port Darwin was laid before the Marine Board at their Thursday's meeting. Tne former chut was prepared on surveys made between the year* ISIB and 1861, and in comparing this with the one now issued a good idea is obtained of toe value of the latter. The work ha* been carried ont by Commander Hosfcyn. R.N., and several lieutenants on board H M.S. Myrmidon. The Port Darwin telegraph-office, which hu bwn chosen as the observation spit, is shown in Ut. 12? 2822" S., and long. 130? 60' 37" E. The chart states that the spring (idee have a rise of 22 feet 4 inches, and the neap tides IS feet 6 itches, the latter with a range of 6 feet The portion of the new railway jetty is shown, and the coastline described extends from Cnarles and Lee points to West and Middle Arms. The chait has been published by the Admiralty. A correspondent writing from Mulgundawa, under date January 2C, Bays that there is at the present time an extraordinary number of cravfigh in Lake Alexandrina, especially in tbe little inlet between Mosquito Point and the mail, land opposite Mulgundawa, and states that those fond of era} fishing would be well repaid by visiting the spot and indulging in the sport. He writes: —"The crayfish are so numerous that the natives, some *0 or 60 of them, almost entirely live on - them in the absence of other game or fish, whiso if they should by chance catch on their tines or net are devoured by the cray&eh; before they get them. Almost all day some eight or ten lubras may be Been in the lake catching cray fish in their native fashion, and it is not un usual to see paitie? of 15 or 20 from Wellington and Jjanghorne's Creek, who catch hundreds of them in that way, and still they are as numerous as ever." The Victorian Customs authorities ware inter viewed on Tuesday, rays tne A rgut, by Mr. H. Richards, the hawker whose jewel ler)- was recently seized by the Customs officers at Berviceton. Uichwds repre sented that he bad acted in a bona fide manner and without any intention of defrauding the Customs. He had Regarded Serviceton as a kind of "no man's land," and therefore had felt justified in exposing las goods for sale in the township witttout pa; ing duty on them. The Commissions of Trade and Cnttowe, njwn these represeuU tionf, and having in view the fact that Bkhards bad bec-u put to much axpeass in travelling first from Servicetoa to Ade laide, and then fn-m Adelaide to Mel bourne, in ooooectiuu with ti? ukttw, tarn decided to ?educe the (?P'4ky nt f£A pre vious:? :-a: ts*?J it the-i-a*t to 3ue of £55. In coming to this decision Mr. Walker wm par taaUv influenced by the consideration that no public office* have yet been established at Serviceton, but when these are opened no leniency will be shown to persons who may infringe the Customs Act. (The fine has ainse been pud.) On Monday afternoon a young man nunei John Herberg, a sailor, living at Mr. H. A. Gotting's hotel. Fort Adelaide, had a narrow escape from being poisoned by fish. He had been to Mitcham on a visit, and returning to the Fort about 11 o'clock in the morn ing he went to a fishmonger's shop and ate a plate of cooked whiting and ruff. Subsequently he had his dinner at the hoteL About 3 o'clock he felt a swelling round the waist, and on going into the back yard he vomited excessively. Still feel ing great pain and agony he went upstairs to bis bedroom. He tried to call for assistance, bnt bi? voice was too feeble and was not heard. About 5 o'clock one of the servant girls went to call him down for his tea and found him in an unconscious state on the floor. Dr. Toll was immediately sent for, bat it was not until about 12 hoars afterwards that he revived. He is now progreeeiog favorably, although he is in a very weak state. We have been shown a nice-looking piece of ironstone studded with gold, found by Mr. £&. E. Towneend at the foot of Considinev reef in Blackwood Gully. The specimen was found in the alluvial, about 10 feet from the surface, but bears the appearance of being a chip off a reef, and in Considine's claim they hire rtone that corresponds to it. There U nothing to justify an alluvial rush, as the ground has been already well turned over, but it appears as though there were good reefs in the neighborhood. Mr, Conaidine nas bad four men at work in his claim and got down to a depth of 70 feet with bis abaft, but is beaten by the water. He has raised 30 gallons a minute, but cannot continue this through the night and thus the water has risen 40 feet in the Bhaft. He has driven at various levels and the reef is well defined with foot and hanging walls, and is about 6 feet wide. He has about 40 tons of quartz at glass, and is applying for a snbsidy fromtbeGoverninent to enable himtobeatthe ?rater. At the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday a return was laid upon the table showing the expenditure to December 31 on the Ooalshed Creek wharf at Fort Adelaide. It gave the following figures-.—Wharf buud i?K £6,917 IBs. 7d.; do. extension, £4,424 3s. &T; total, £11,341195. 3d.; reclaiming land at the back of the wharf, £6,430 6s. 3d; making mad approach to wharf, £3,887 Bs. 101; deepening within the 100-feet boundary of the wharf, £4,998 7s. Sd; total, £14.316 2a. 3d.? or a grand total of £.-6,658 Is. 6d. In addition to ?his there would be a charge daring the present month against tbe reclamation account, £50 or £60 having already been expended in clearitg away plant. Tbe road leading from the wharf to the Usher bridge, which spans the entrance to the Port dock, has been completed. The south end of the wharf has not been iheet nilHl in the came manner a 3 the north end. bat at hat been built up with a dope with stones at the base so as to prevent the aea at high water from washing it away. At the meeting of the Victorian Wesleyan Conference on Tuesday the following motion was carried:—"That as the last general con ference of the Australasian Methodist Chnrch recognised the desirability of the union of all the branches of the 2fetbodist family throughout Australasia on > ate buM adopted by the Methodist Church la Canada and commended the subject to the favorable consideration of the annual coa- ECreaca, and further directed sash annual con ference to report to the next general con ference to be held in Melbourne in May, 188S, it is hereby resolved that theae three questions te t emitted for the consideration of all one circuit quarterly meetings in June and Sep tember next :—l. Is MethodiA union desirable *nd practicable? 2. Can such union be effected consutently with the retention of the fundamental principles of our church? 3\. If so, what basis of onion is preferred— That adopted in Canadian Methodism, the one put before the public by a committee compostd of representatives from several branches of the Methodist Church, or what other?" A meeting of the South Australian Coasting Seamen* Union was held in the Working Men's Association Hall, Port Adelaide, on Thursday evening. Mr. J. F. Ojnnell pre added over a good attendance. Tne secretary of the Marine Board wrote asking the union to supply proof of the charges laid against the licensedseimeri? runner*. It was resolved that the iiOuiCsry obtain proof and forward it to the next meeting of the Marine Board. Mr. A.C. j Evan* and Captain £. W. Russell, a deputa tion from die south Australian Coasters' Ass ociation, waited upon the meeting to lay a grievance before them. They *Tj&a.inaA; that ajome members of the Coastal's Associa tion were taking cargo at freight rates con siderably under the tariff charges. To do this without any loss they were employing boys -sod other non-union members. Tnis was very injurious to both societies. It was resolved that the delegates from the Coasters' Union faring tbe matter fully before the Maritime labor Council, and assist the Coasters' Association in obtaining redress. Four new members were elected, making tne total on the 1011474\. Receipts, £3 2s. 3d. A terrible tragedy occurred at Pesth on a Sunday evening early in December. Fire officers and some young, actresses from the Orpbeum entered a coffee house late at night. There being no room far all at one table a bustle took place, and an officer, in fun, ordered Rosa Taciano, a little songstress of 9, to give her place up to him. When she re- fused he drew out a pistol, and pointing it at her, said, "Go away, or I will shoot yon." Tbe little girl said, saucily, "I shan't," and the officer pressed the trigger, when to his horror, and that of every one around, the little girl fell lifeless to the ground. He had hit her through the heart. He stared at the frail corpse some moments, and then, quick as lightning, directed the revolver against himself and shot him self through toe bead. In less than two minutes both were dead. The corpses were laid on the billiard-table, and the little girl's father filled the place with his cries, while the officers, in deep consternation, had their brother officer taken to the garrison hospital. The dead man's name is Schneewei??. He was 28 years dd,_ and most popular with his equals and superiors. One nrnnadiate benefit arising from the ap pointment of ..the stores commission ha* been a re-arrangement of tie rates of marine insurance paid by the Government on goods shipped to tie colony. It was discovered that under a contrast made seven years ago very heavy rates were charged as compared with tbe ruling charges at the present time, and the matter having been brought by tie commission under the notice of the Government instructions were telegraphed to the Agent-General to effect an alteration in the terms, which has been done. The prices hitherto paid have been as follows:—Goadij in general cargo ships, 255., while ttu> current rates are 20*. per cent.; good in steamers 255., current rates 15s. per cent; full cargoes of railway iron 50i, present rates 355. per cast. The Agent-General has effected the new arrangement with the Adelaide Marine, toe South Australian, and the Mercantile Marine Insurance Companies, andtheTreasorerhas also included the Colonial M"?*^ Insurance Com pany. Tbe agreement is chat the currant rates zaling wnen the contract waa made are to be adhered to. The companies will effect insu rances in Government goods for a term of tsro sears. A considerable saving will be effected by the Government by the rearrangement. The annual business mogfoig o f Flinders street Pretbytensn Church was held on Wed nesday, evening, January 25, Mr. W. P. Welter presiding. The secretary (Mr. J. S. Kuox) presented the annual report, which alluded first of all to tie financial position, revealing the imrflfwnnt fact of a bank overdraft of £127105.1AL Segarding the Sabbath school, there is an increased interest in the work, and compared with last year the average atten dance of both tfachfira and scholars is larger, a Ifdy canvasser having greatly helped in jndna?g some to join who did not attend any other school. To further increase the interest a mechanical dans is held once a week, where carpentry, drawing, &c;, is taught, with encouraging results. The ladies comprising the Dorcas Society have been unremitting in their endeavors to help those less favored than themselves, resulting in the usual distribution of summer and winter clothing. Fur the Home and Foreign Missions £a?l2t (id. was collected, snathe Juvenile Missionary Society had by missionary boxes received £34. which was allo cated as follows:—New Hebrides Mission, £16; Aborigines' Friends' Association, £9: City VUtaoD, OS. Tbe Total Abstinence Sjsiety has maintained the interest of the young people at the fortnightly meetings by providing amuse -ment and instruction, seven! ministers and other frit-fid* having favored the cause by short ad* dressee, and numerically the society is in a flourishing state. Eighteen members have joined the church, and c??tifiimt,n? of disjunc sJonan?tcd to 13. The report concluded with a reference t? tbe church dating its foundation in this colony fiom 1839, and stating that the General Aerembly had now taken op the recommendation made last year that I£B9 should be regarded as tne jubilee year of the Presbyterian Church of Sooth Australia. After adoption d the report and balance-sheet the following officer* wen r& ejected :—President, Mr. W. P. Weller; secretary, Mr. J. S. Knqx; treasurer, Mr. D. Gordon. Daring the evening anthems were rendered by the choir and refreshments banded round, the meeting assuming a social character. On Thursday afternoon Mr. J. Williams (acting cjiv coroner) held an inquest on the fire which[broke out in the dwelling house of Mr-AkMla Ba&At.; Follarton. at thTvine Inn, FuUftrtovon Friday night, January at ZnsMeter &e;*tta?fad. on behalf^ ?a*peUce, Mr. Mryer for the Northern Fire Insurance Company, and Mr. E. Waterhouse for the Equitable Mercantile Association of New Zealand. The owner of the house stated that had left it on about July 1, and proceeded to Melbourne, his brother remaining in charge of the property without residing thereon. The body of the house was composed of platter work with laths, and the ceil ing was of matchboard. Witness waa insured, the houee in tie Northern Assurance Company for £200, the furniture for £120. and some carpenter's tools for £20 in the Equitable Mercantile. Most of the furniture was stored in the front rooms, but witness took many of the carpenter's tools avray. Tne house was left in his brother's hancU to let. There was a mortgage on it for £165, but he had not offered the place for sale, because he was hope ful of again getting work in Adelaide, when he would take up his residence in it. He re turned to Adelaide abont Christmas to attend to the locks of the doors and execute a few re pairs, and then went back to Melbourne. He had paid £50 on tbe house. He first heard of the fire from the Melbourne police whilst at work in that city on January 24. The furniture, linen, &c;, were valued at abaut £140. He was not aware that the house was described in the policy as being built of stone and brick with brick partitions. Guy Boothby stated that he was going home on the night of the fire at abont 25 minutes to 12 o'clock, and when opposite the house he saw epatks coming ont of the chimney. On going round to the back noticed flames issuing from the roof justarouad the chimney. He at once aroused some ol the people in the vicinity, and then went to the waterworks turncock and helped him out with his hose. The fire was burning at tbe back of the house on the inside. He did not notice anyone about at the time. After fuither evidence the jury returned the following verdict—"We are agreed that the fire originated under very suspicious circum stances, but how there is no evidence to show; we also think that the evidence of one or two witneeses was given in a verf unsatisfactory manner." An incident occurred at Snith Melbourne last week (say 8 the Herald of January 25) which would have afforded material to J&dgar; Allan Poe for one of his mysterious and weird tales, and the genuineness of which is vouchsafed for by a reputable resident of South Mel bourne. During the extreme heat of the week a gentleman, who slept in a compartment also containing another occupant, underwent some singular experiences, it is presumed at that midnight hour when ghosts and goblins damned are supposed to leave their prison houses to haunt the souls of men. He re tired to bed as usual one evening, bat in the morning was startled to find his faci and pillows covered and saturated with his own blocd. The source from which tnefiiwhad emanated appeared to be a small puncture or incieion in the fleshy part of the eyebrow. During the day he txpeiienced a feeling of extreme lassitude and languor, arising pro bably from the loss of blood. On the follow ing night he remained awake, but nothing occurred. Tbe succeeding midnight hours, however, produced extraordinary results. The atmosphere was sultry and warm, and owing to the loss of blood sad the previous night's vigil he dosed off shortly before 12 o'closk. About C o'clock in the morning he awoke with a painful compressed feeling in the region of the head, and was alaimtd to discover a repetition of the blood-stained appeuance of the face, pillow, and even edges of the sheets, and other paraphernalia appertaining to the couch of Mor pheus. The matter was now becoming serious. Suspicions of that abominable creation, the vampire, were aroused. All tie inmates of the tenement were alarmed, and the fellow occu pant of the room was naturally surrounded with an unntteied suspicion. Medical aid was brought into requisition, and these gentle man were decidedly of opinion that the person had been bitten by some vermin, and rosily accounted for the copious flow of blood. It is well-known that intonoe beat always tends to thin the blood, and when the temperature is at 104 or 10S the slightest incision in the skin will cause, if left alone, an ontpaur of lengthened continuation, A watch was next night kept outside the room to intercept any surreptitious vampire. Not a movement was heard in the room. All was still, with the exception of the sleeping inmates' regular breathing. Towards morn ing the watchers entered the bedroom, and were as equally astonished as horrified to observe the thin blood silently and slowly trickling from a diminutive incision in the forehead. The domestic cat, which had been nut in the room to frighten away vermin, was quietly and harmlessly purring upon a chair. The affair was gaining a ghostly reality. Everybody was at their wits' end to ascouat for the phenomena. Ultimately the victim determined to keep awake all night himself if postible. He made this resolution secretly, and be kept it His room companion hid re moved his quarters. He was alone in the roomwitfathefaithfulcat. Tnelight was turned out. The moonlight was casting its rays through the latticed windows. The man dosed, half-waking, half-sleeping, npon the bed which bad been tbe scene of so much spailt blocd. Suddenly he fait a gentle pressura on his chest, then a soft furry touch upon his cheek, then a soft half-purr, half- growL It was the cat. He did not move. She licked bis face for a few moments and then inserted her teeth. The mystery was solved. The vampire was the cat. The second Georgian Social and conver sazione was held in the parlor of the Start Arcade Hotel on Thursday evening. The irrigation proposals of Messrs. Chaffey Bros, were taken into discussion in a general way. The following passengers were booked to start overland for Melbourne by the express train on Thursday afternoon:—Mrs. Hardy, Mies Kanffman, Muses Powell (2), and Messrs. Henry. Stack. Walters, Hardy, GoUen, Pra- The Eastern Suburban &.V.F. Band will give another concert at the Rotunda this evening. The selections from " The Mikado," which met with so much success at the last performance, will be repeated, while a novelty in tie shape of an gnpnoninm solo, ?ntiq<>d " Delia," will be rendered by Mr. F. ftJtmyJi, A new method of using disinfectants has been brought under our notice in the form of Sharp & Co.'s " Austin Porous Diain fector." This is an ingenious and effective contrivance, though simple in appearance, being a porous cell with both ends hermetically dosed andco?Uimngpotas?ium permanganate. This is placed in water, and tie action of the water in the porous cell gradually dissolves the portions of crystal neatest the circum ference of lie cell, and thus forms a bqnid dis infectant that is always ready for use. Each disinfector is guaranteed to last 12 months. The third of a series of open-air concerts was given by the Glenelg Brass Band on Thursday evening before a large number of viriton. Again, however, the band cho?e a bad position for its performance, although it most be admitted that the position—the south balcony of the institute—was an improvement on last week's selection. Unfortunately for the music, the Salvation Army mustered strongly abont 50 yards off, and this militated against the success of the concert, the medley of music resulting from the two bands being anything bnt soothing. There was another band of four performers at the extreme end of the jetty, which went through a capital programme. It is to be hoped that the next concert.will be given under more favorable circumstances. Tbe Mill-street steam confectionery works, which were thrown on the market in con sequence of the death of the owner, Mr. H. Haiford, have been purchased by Messrs. D. and J. Fowler & Co. Daring the put week or two new floors have been put in in each story of the building, lie machinery has been re arranged and supplemented so as to facilitate operations, and work has again been re sumed. The factory is complete in every respect, and all kinds of confectionery aie now being turned out by the new proprietors. The works are under the n anagnnett of Mr. F. Hanton, who (or many years superintended them for Messrs. EL Haifoid & Co, while the staff of hands has bten increased. In addition to the mill pro perty, Messrs. Fowler & Co. have secured a large block of land adjoining, including tliaton which the cottages to the south of the factory stand on, and intend eventually to erect thereon commodious premises, in which will be centred the whole of their now scattered factories^ Among these are the old Paon Chung work*, North Adelaide; the tea-packing and coffee-roatting establishment, situate at the rear of their warehouse; and the pickle and the condimmt factoiy at Maylands. A meeting of the Adelaide Steamtug Company will be held at Australian chambers at noon tn day. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Dock Company mill be btld this afteruoou ac the Exchange Aroitrauou room, Fiiie-etrcct A meeting oQlhe Adelaide Aerated Waters uni ? Brewing Company will be held at tlie compan/a office this afternoon. Arrangements are beinx made for holding a concert in the Cilenf )g Lectuitliall otit Tutsdnv cicuio- in aid of the library fund. A meeting of the South Australian i'late Glass In erranoe Company trill be held ?t Mercantile Chambers, Victoria-square, this afternoon. A meeting of the UmberumbetiaSilverLead Mining Ccmrjan) will be held at noon to-day at Couutock Chambers, King William -street. Messrs. Whilias & Ormieton's A B C Diary anl Tiule table for Febiuarj has teached us. Mr. C. Bieks, of Cherry Gardens, has scut u? slic i Sue colors of tis own growth, Oat Weigh together 6 ib. 8 oz., and are solioly aid well grown Mr. C. D. S Saroon, oi Fourteenth-street, Bovvden. bag sent ue a peach weighing JO ox., and stated Cue trees bears larger pe*chte than lbs sample. 