MR 3?URQEON'3 SECESSION Thu reliffious jourtmta received by lm>t tuail \- irivo- clear proof that the excitement in the chuivhe of vavion deiieiuiintimis. e.#pecialjy the lkipttat find Ci'ngreg.-uiiiiial churoliea, in . coiwequeneu «if the withdrawal of Mr Sjmrgeoa \- from tlie Baptist Union, continues unabated. In the (Yinriiioi IfattUl ot 17th November \vu . find luuuevouH' aud remarkable paragraph?, . and an many of our traders am iiitcrerird m tlromtbjcc:, wo quote lirat n statement hignod bv - TtlUKK Kx-l'UUSttiKXl'M OF Tin; lUFTlHT Umox. We havo l-armnl with extreme regret thnt . our dear friend aud fellow laborer, tlie Uev. O. II. Spiirgeoo, has withdrawn from inembor- uhin in tlie iiaplist Union. We heartily Agree with Mr Spurgeon in re garding disloyalty to Christ and Li (Lwpel as inconsistent with membership in the Baptist Union. From tlio beginning the Union ha bK'it au ass,tciation of Evangelical churchex for Kvaugi-Iical purnos. s atul tlii is n» true .. now as in any period of it history. In baptism wo make profestdim of our faith in tho Lord Jchux Cluiitt, ami take our placo among hi -disciple" ; wc nro baptiacd " into tlio natiiu tho Vatlu-r, thy Son, and Holy Spirit " ; and wo avow our readme.- to li-aru ami obsorvo ' all thing whatsoever Christ has com manded," In the Lord'.# Supper wo idiow forth His death nud gratefully receive Ilia ' word ' Thi# is My body . . . thi# is My blood ot '.lie Now Testament which i# shed for \- many for the remission of If any ono renounce tho piofe.»ton made in baptism and tho Lortl'n .Supper, he ha# no lunger a legitimate place in the Union. According to the rule of tho Uniin, "tho constituencies and list of members may be ro- \- vijcd by tho Council, and their decision tdmll bo duly nntilied to the (icrsons concerned, who ' ttbnll have the right tonppoa) to thu A:xt-mblv." Tiro Union has exercised this power in p»3t (lavs. 'This power of revision must ho exercised in conformity with tha fundamental principle of the Union, " that every separate church has liberty to interpret uud administer tlio laws of . Christ. am) that the immersion of behovem is tho only Christian baptism." We feu! that tho imposition of theological tests or n human creed would contravene this fundamental prin- elide, and defeat tlie objects of tho Union, which arc declared to be — ' to cultivate among its own inumber respect aud love for une another, and to snread the Gospel of Christ ut Great Britain ana Ireland." Wliilo we differ from Mr Spurgeon in tho stop he Iras taken, we nro nt one with him in loyalty to Christ, in lovo for the Gosjiel, ami in earnest hmfring of heart that it may ho preached in simplicity, incorruptnexs, fulness and power in Ml tlie pulpits of tho land, with \- tho Holy Ghost scut down from heaven ; and . wo rojoicu that, thengh ho has withdrawn from ; tho Union, we shall c.mtinuo to enjoy follow- \- ship -and engage in sorvico with" him, as ' members of tho same denomination. This statement bears tho signatures nf tlireo ministers' known, esteemed, and trusted hy the ivliolo denominations to which they ticlong, iiamoly, Kov. -folin Aldis. Dr. Joseph Angus, mid Dr. Alexander Mnc-Lnreii. Thu secoud quotation i# a ItKMONSTIUNCB, The writer of which i the Uev Dr Trestrail, ono of the oldest and undoubtedly tun most widely known minister) of the Baptist denom inations in Great Britain. MrTrostrail writes as follows Yonr articles on "Tho Down G ratio " in The A'irorcf end The Troicrl, and tho nnnpunce- mont of your withdrawal from tho Baptist Union, writes Dr Trcstrail to Mr Spiinrcon. aro to me. in common with a vast number of your brethren throughout tlie country, a Roro trouble. No one for a moment questions your conscientiousness in this matter. But I have ofton obs'Tved that Christian brethren have acted' con-cieriLiouly, and yet havo gonn wrong. No doubt Paul was truly conscientious in going to Damascus to hale tho difoiplc# of Christ to prison. But was horleht? Flu then thought lie was doing. God's service; after- jvards, however, ho found out thnt ho had coxnmitU-d a great mistake, nud ho honestly cuimiuvu is. nit) pwa ui coukiiuhcu i# lite atronges'. that can bo urged. But there is a prior duty which cannot oh neglected witlnnt peril, which is to see that our onscfenccs nro cnlightimcd. You withdraw from tho Union which in cludes 2000 churches, with a membership of 200,000 brhovcrtt. But why do yon tftko this -stop t Because tho whole b'idy has erred and gone 05 trey from the truth? Your ortich-o would imply that nit luul; but it i plain enough that your comlenmalion is not meant td bo so jiweephig. Is it. then, because there ero Boniu brethren in " tho Union who hold thu errors which you s-> strongly deprccstti? YVho are lhe-o brethren ? You liuwt have had some proof ot thin, or you could not hc6 as you liftvo done. Why havo you withheld llmt Woof? Surely in common fuins-to Ihs nion, mid in justico to yourself, you ought to bftvo nroduccd it. . . In dealing with this momentous business it jeoms to tm that you have committed some grave mistakes. Have yrm not failed to comply with tho law laid down hy our Lord in Molt, xvlli. 15—17? That law may primarily apply to personal offences, yet it includes offenws against thn KpirititHi lutj-rrst of any of our fcilow-ChrLtians, and i timreforo of universal application. Was it not your ditty to go to tno brethren whmn you believed weru guilty of preaching unscriptural doctrines ar.d lay heforo them your charger, with such proofs iv? yon might t>e able to produce, and with all fidelity aha tenderness endeavor to bring tiicm kick to the right way ? You might possibly have mtccceded, and thus have sjAred yourself and your brethren much Kr-Hf ond wain. Atul, if your nominal appeal failed, there was left to von another rcn iurce — to associate with yourself two or threo liretliren, whose ag. Btnuding, character, and experience would com mand universal rcxpuct. U this, tno, failed. >vhat thtn ? Why, to come to thu Union itaelf when met in assembly, and lay the caso before tho whole IxMy. You would have been l'stoued to with breatiiles interest, and even tho.ni who might differ from you would not fail to hear yon with attention and respect. Kvcryono would rympatiiiso with you in your distrc.n. And might wc not hone that our Divine Luul would wiort upon tlio Assembly kocIi a spirit of wisdom, forbearance aud love oa might puulo us to the adoption of ineamre to restore har mony and confidence, and eradicate any real evil existing among usl Thatcourso would, to any the basl, have btien strait htforward and .manly. And if this, too, failed, then your course wan plain and clear- -to leave the Union, find your doing ho uftar taking these step' would have been applauded a# an net of trues fidelity lo what you believe to bn tho interests pf tightHmsnoss and truth. That you havo not taken thi course is lobe deplored. You have, without, I fully believe, intending It, gone perilouily near to iho flin of bearing false willies against your brethren, Tho prholo Baptist l-odv is held up to the public gazo qs disloyal to Christ and His truth. My dear brother, do you not know that thn vast majority of the pax- low of our churches held a# firmly and love a« passionately thu essential verities of Chris tianity a yen do yourself ? That tlio con>i ruc tion which I haw nut on vour language is the , \- ' true one i proved by the use innde of it by our opponent. " Verily, you have given occasion, though you did not intend it, to the cm-nty to blaspheme. \- -Tno iiilenrity ofynurcuncerufor tho inlnrosts of truth, which you lult were jeopardised, pre vented your thinking of the pain which vour article uould give to a viirfttminberofbrethrcu whom yon cannot but respect and honor. Thcv vhudder lit ttie thought of being disloyal to their crucified Lord. I have linen n iiii-mlmr of tho Ba ptist Union from it beginning, and pver rIucu havo taken an active part in it pro ceedings. I fuel, tlror-foro, that yau haw d'Uie me a wrong. I would not belong for an tamr to" a confederacy ot evil," and I deny, with all tho emphasis! can put into words, and a vast imiltitmloof my miniriturial brethren will unite with tne in that denial, the allegation you have brought against u. 