SPARKS. j The other day I noticed that the Town Plate'« a country race meeting waa «no hy .Vlofidei." Good beaven*, - what next ? I Anyhow, it» B good sign; When Jawbone Nield waa speaking on the Divorce Bill «orne lime ago, he mid " Christianity was invariably opposed to progress"-an J he was cheered ton-in spite of Dan O'Connor. Bather suggestive, thia. Sir Henry means to do something with the Electoral taws of the colony. Time h% did-SB, also, bia Municipalities Act-tor ! both are extremely hazy on nany things- j especially the latter. There's not »ne Alderman in ten understands it, and they rely upon Julian's notes more than upon the law itself-which they shouldn't. Fletcher don't like plumping ; does he like the ballot ? As wei) deprive a man of his liberty one way as another. Anyhow, if Sir Henry introduces single electorates which I hope he will-there will be co necessity for plumping. Then the O'Sullivan wants the voting to be all on one dav, and McElhone a reduction of members to eighty. I agree with both ; and to make the thing perfect, let us have self.registration and a certificate ; an exten »ion of the hours of polling, and the closing of < all pubs, during those hours. And for the matter nf that, I atn perfectly in accord with the Premier that the women should have a chance. Why not ? They have to bear a great many ills imposed upon them by legislation, ss well as Nature ; and as a matter of justice and light-to say nothing of the many good things a woman can, and do, say and suggest, I aay let 'em vote and be eligible for election. It's comme on slowly; we shall get the whole democratic ticket by and bve-but that will not be until we demolish the " Uppab 'Ouse," as the "lords" call it. A second Chamber ia not wanted-neither elected nor nominee ; it is useless, and by its annihilation we could pay the legislator« in the single Chamber without adding greatly to the expenses of Government. I hove been to two or three entertainments lately, and have been intensly disgusted with the action of certain cads who seem to be made of tongue and walking stick ; both are tong and they go incessantly; when one it> not thumping the floor, the other is wagging like the clapper of a mill-much tn the enjoyment of their fellows, and the distress of everybody eUe. When a young fellow in the guise of a man is so empty headed, and so consumedly idiotic as to admire his own voice above any thing else, one cannot but come to the con clusion that he has neither an ear for music nor 4L soul for drama; and his peculiar combination of the laughing jackass and the magpie, shows at Once his co"Ceit and his ignorant»-much to the disgust of those around him. When one has to sit out an infliction of this kind, one wishrs, to patody Byron, and wish, " That all the cads in the world had hut one neck," and yours truly a keen Damascus blade to rid, at one blow, the world ol an intolerable pest. When people invest two or three shillings in an entertainment, of any kind, it doesn't follow that they have a license to din into their neighbour's ears their exploits " in town," their transcendent cleverness, their " broad grins"-uor their ill-disguised smut. There has been weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth again over the Municipal assessments, Tlie valuators, poor devils ! have been condemned to eternal perdition long ago-perhaps without reason. Some body must pay the rates of the Borough, if we want to keep'go'me!; and if the wrll'to-dn won't pay, why should those who are impecunious ? No doubt there are instances nf unfair assessment-though, generally, the Council suffers, for there are »hose who religiously appeal against t'icm every year, and would, no doubt, until they had nothing at all to I thought of suggesting B entnpetent I vainer from Sydney, at a good fee ; but they say that would make no difference, as the I local Benoh would upset his apple- cart just as they do the local valuator's. In which I case, why not let the P.M. decide these cases without unpaid assistance. No doubt there has been much to grumble st lately, for the Borough is simply in a beastly state-which, hy the bye, is not to be laid at Mayor Slortlev's door, but his predecessor's 1 Anyhow, I will advise him -and I am sure he will take it in good part. Mr. Mayor, your Worship, ot Excellency, or R/verence, or whatever yo» prefer- let me call your attention, fust of all, to George street. D<> you think that street has had nt all fair play ? Do you think the ratepayers in that street get a fiftieth part of the value of the rates they pay ? if you don't, set about doing something for them. I will show you how. Tar-pave both footpaths from the School of Arts to the Pub!ic school, and repair other portions, where required, to the railway stsiion. Do this and you will save money, and keep down profanity. Kerb and tepavr the pathway in Baker street, from Rosa's enrnrr to the end ot Mr. Tebbntt's properly, and mend the rnadw.iv a hit. This non't erst much, and the resi- | dents will bless you. Think oi that! ! Kerb snd putter New-street, fur it is simply abominable. I wonder your conscience i \«s never pricked you when y»u have seen the nicely dressed Sundsy school children, picking their way in the mud to school on gonda vt--tn say nothing of ladies' bonis and stock- ahem ! r.tver mind-being damaged attending Bible class, and other J meetings. Put « lamp somewhere apposite the R, C burial ground, or the green-asy mid-wa; between the Ballway Hotel and the Rich mond Hoad, for what with the narrow path way, the mud, and the darkucif, it materially assists profanity in those who walk from the train o'nights. "'' ? : Again, what have the residents of Mileham street done, all these years of incorporation tbat they should baye never a sixpence spent " agin their doora." You make gravel piti ell round them ; you deposit, or allow to bc deposited, all the rubbish of the town on yes, actually on the only road available foi them ; thu* driving them o' nights into sundry water holes close by. Of course there are a lot of other thing« required attention-one of them is to sheet By-law 12 borne to owners of gardens; etc., who allow their trees to extend over foot ways, to the imrt inent danger of pedestrians tyes. It is bad enough that trees should be allowed to overhang pathways at all, bota as regards the injury to tha path and the discomfort of those who walk abroad without umbrellas ; but when branches grow so low that ones' features may be spoiled, the Council might be involved in ft law suit for doctor's expenses. And above all, Mr. Mayor, don't abate one jot in the matter of a water supply. I don't think you will, but " Hope deferred maketh the heart grow sick"-and the rate I payers are very sick-of waiting. I The law is really as incomprehensible as a runic inscription is to anybody but Lsyard or Piazzi Smith-or the ghost of Benzoni : however, one Dorn must think so-seeing that after an incarceration of twenty-eight months for not paying the sum of £13 to his wife, he is set at liberty because the partner of his joys (that ought to haw been) had cleared with another man, and there was nobody to pay the costs-which are now saddled on the unfortunate Dorn-who, I should say, would chirp in this (ashien : " Dorn gog it"-or, " gorn dog it"-until he finally " durn'd it" end then " damn'd it." From Judges to Justices of the Peace or Stipendaries is a great stride- downwnrds or upwards, as you please. Well, at Penrith the other day a mean skunk called a married woma.i a -well something not polite ; she pulled him, and he was fined 60s-with costB, or 7 days' gaol. Now mark the difference : The husband of this woman was fined 20s, with costs, or in default 21 days' gaol, for rolling into the man who stigmatised his wife-he first asked him to put up his props, but the fellow was too big a cur, then the indignant hubby downed him, us any other decent min would do. Judges are certainly peculiar-allow the world perhaps-but tn New South Wales particularly. Judge Macfarland, for in stance, at Braidwood, the other day, sends a man to gaol for 18 months for a common assault. Now a common assault in Judge Docker's ! eves is a much more trivial matter, for at Forbes he sende a man who stabbed the '> apprehending constable with a knife, to gaol i for one month-but then Judge Docker bas excused (or explained) himself to the Bulletin, which smart paper says " its all riirht-the Judge has been maligned" (by the pink covered jokist). What the Bulletin says must be right, and ['ll go no further. From a " prisoner at the bar" to a feted and honoured " shepherd of his flock" is an easy transition for a man in this country, where judges and juries are, in Brete Harte's quaint language, " so peculiar" ; and the inevitable concomitant of a purse of sovereigns j is simply as it should be. W:hcther the public of New South Wales take the same view of the case BB tbe jury who acquitted the rev. gentleman is another matter. The public are awfully pig-headed sometimes, and tvill not see the way " twelve trond men and true'' do. Sometimes the juries are right, sometimes the public-but very much oftener the latter. Oh, there's nothing like economy-ita a trump card with every Minister now-a- days. When Parkes became Premier, he sacked I Scarlett, Sir Pat's private Secretary-for which everybody gare him kudos ; now f see the ruddy coloured one has been appointed P. S. to Salamons. What the deuce does the representative of the Government in the " TJppah Chambah" want with a private secretary? Can anybody understand it? I can't. Anyhow, this is one of the wav6 Governments have of economising-putting round men into square holes, and square men into round ones. Bute much better ¡Ilustraron of the way the individual is benerltted at the expense of the public in this democratic lana of ours is the fact that the Government has let to Goodlet and Smith a wharf and other property, at Pyrmont, for £12,000 a year which property the Government, some time ago, paid this same Goodlet and Smith £98,850 16s 7d. The senior parter of this firm is a very nice gentlemau. He is a Lieutenant- Colonel, or something, in our army ; a big shareholder and director in the A. M. P. Society-and other monetary institutions-and last, though not least, has a lot to do with charities, ragged schools, and sicb-like. I notice 'he Bulletin has been having a lot to say about ihr man Stanley, who en deavoured to save the girl Hicks from assault and a pOMsible death. It doesn't matter a curse what Stanley is, or was ; at that time he was as much a hero »s the best born man among the Bulletin writers. The girl, too, may be a bad lot ; but what of that ; are women and girls of that description to have nojproteetion ? Perish the thought, I say. Men make 'em bad ; then let them be manly eno ugh to stand by them io trouble. J Ye LC AK. j 