MISCELLANEOUS. TROUBLE WITH THE NATTVES IN THE INTERIOR.— On November 23 a deputa ion consisting of Mr. John Moule, M.P., Hon. David Murray, M.L.C. Messrs. A. Tennant, J. Drew, J. Shakes, W. B. Sells, and C. Chewings waited upon the Chief Secretary, to request that better protection be afforded to that portion of the Northern Territory, in the vicinity of the MacDonnell Ranges, the Palmer, and Finke Rivers, and the country adjacent to and north of that to Barrow's Creek. It was represented that the natives were so troublesome as to seriously interfere with the carrying on of pastoral pur suits. It was suggested that more police should be employed, having the assistance of black trackers, and that power should be given to administer floggings to offending aboriginals. The Chief Secretary, who re cognised the importance of the matter, pro mised to give it a favourable consideration. He thought that the lash was an excellent mode of correction for transgressing blacks and whites. ADDRESS TO THE POPE.— It was said that the address sent to the Queen by the women of South Australia, and illuminated by the Dominican nuns of North Adelaide, was the most beautiful of all those presented to Her Majesty the Queen, but it is even excelled in beauty by one just illuminated by the same nuns and bound by Messrs. Wigg & Co., for presentation to the Pope. This address is bound in white vellum and gold, inlaid with blue morocco, and having a rich fillet of gold beautifully wrought in metal. At the top of the right page is an exquisite paint ing of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and at the bottom a miniature of the Last Supper emblazoned on a mosaic of gold. The sides are wrought with medieval designs, with figures of saints and their emblems of the Papal dignity. St. Peter occupies the centre, bearing under him the words, "Thou are Peter, and on this rock will I build my Church," and opposite is St. Paul on an enamelled background of crimson and gold, surrounded by a scroll, on which is illuminated the words, "Thou art a vessel of election," In each initial letter will be found some emblem of the office of Leo XIII., and the arms of the Pecci family occupy a con spicuous place. The scene at the head of the left page is the giving of the Rosary to St. Dominic. He kneels in the habit of his order at ths feet of our Lord, who is repre sented as a child in the arms of His mother, and from His hands St. Dominic receives the rosary. Paul is on the right-hand side, and on the left is St. Joachim, the father of the mother of our Lord. A very lovely figure of St. Thomas, emblazoned on a chagrin of crimson and gold, indi cates the high esteem in which the present Pope has always held the philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas, while St. Francis of Assessi receiving the stigmata points out his love for the third Order of St. Francis; and at the foot of the page a lovely painting of the Last Supper stands on a diaper of gold mosaic. Under this is illuminated the date of the Pope's first mass. The finish and expression of the faces in this lovely illumination are quite perfect, and both the painting and binding of the address reflect great honour on South Australia. The ad dress will be on view to-day at Messrs. Wigg and Co.'s. Illness of Sir Thomas Elder. — We regret to learn that Sir Thomas Elder, G.C.M.G., has been suffering from an acci dental injury to his leg, and is confined to bed. The original injury was trifling, but it has become necessary for Sir Thomas to lay up, Drs. Gardner and Giles are attending him. His condition has been slightly better for the last two days, and on Thursday even ing he was progressing favourably. A VISITOR'S OPINION of PORT ADELAIDE.— Speaking at Port Adelaide on Tuesday even ing Mr. J. C. Neild, M.P., of New South Wales, said he was struck to find the Port Adelaide Railway Station the largest in Australia. He came from Sydney, where they had a very good harbour, Dr. Cameron Lees notwithstanding, and he was impressed with the engineering ability displayed in the improvements of the Port Adelaide harbour. He had had municipal experience for several years, and knowing what path and road making was, he could compliment the rate payers on the good and broad footpaths upon which they had the pleasure of walking. THE GERMAN CLUB. — At the annua general meeting of the above club, held on Thursday week, the following officers were elected :— President, Mr. A. Witt; Vice President, Mr. G. Eimer ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. O. Bottger; Hon. Secretary, Mr. K, Rischbeith ; Vice-Secretary, Mr. F. Bartels. Committee — Messrs. Armbruster, H. C. Bocker, G. Bremer, A. L. Brunkhorst, E. Hennigs, H. Huwaldt, J. Laughans, L. Maraun, sen., and E. Ziegler. The late President, Mr. F. Basedow, M.P., was unanimously elected an honorary life-member of the club, South Australia's ' Duty.'— A case of 2onBid«rable interest to Mr. Treasurer Play- ford was decided by Mr. Justice Boucaut and Mr. Justice Bundey, sitting in Banco, on ruesday, November 22. The Attorney General daimed from the trustees of the late T. G. Waterhouse, who died in England about two years ago, £3,418 10s. 10d., as suc cession duty on landed property in the colony. The trustees disputed the claim for the reason that the testator in his will pro vided that the estate should be Impressed with the quality of personalty from the time of hiB death, by the sale of the land. It was agreed that succession duty is determinable aB to real estate by the locality of the pro perty, and as to personalty by the domicile of the owner, and on that the contention waa raised' that no tax was chargeable here on moneys belonging to a testator dying in Eng land ; also that property was subject to duty Dot by virtue of being bequeathed bat by being inherited, and that therefore duty would have to be paid in England and not here. The Court, however, decided on sec tion 21 of the Probate and Succession Duties Act of 1876 that a 'succession' had been created, and that a tax must follow. An elaborate judgment in the case appears else where. A Valuable Collection.— A short time ago there died in Melbourne Madame De Hazard, a lady of cultured taste and eccen- tric habits. She was a noted sculptor as well as an artist, and had collected a great num- ber of art treasures, some of them rare and curious enough to send an antiquarian into raptures. All this property the eccentric lady left to a grocer's boy, who had been at- tentive to her in her loneliness ; for she lived quite by herself in East Melbourne. A large number of valuable articles in the colection she left were dis- posed of privately, and the balance was offered at auction in the Athenaum, Melbourne, on October 28 and 29. One rare book fetched £40, and the bulk of the curios, engravings, and jewels, realized good prices. MoBt of the statuary waa reserved and will probably find a place in the National Gallery. Monsieur A. Marval who went over specially to attend the sale, haa brought back to Adelaide with him, and has on view in his place in Pirie street, a choice selection of the deceased lady's art treasures. These comprise nume rous valuable engravings, such as portraits of the Roman Emperors Vespasian, Sergius Galba, and Domitian ; an etching by Visscher, a quaint cottage scene by Burton. Specimens of Vivare's work, such as a representation of tbe Senatorial Bridge over the Tiber, and other scenes in the city of the Seven Hills. There is a wonderfully wrought and elaborate specimen of Japanese embroidery ; also a lot of carvings grotesque and canons. One very interesting relic is a massive silver watch, said to be 200 or 300 years old— a marvel of graceful embellishment and embossing. The case bears allegorical scenes in relief, and the works are remarkably delicate and rich in carved work. Old china of various periods is included in the collection, also some antique jewellery, Capo de Monte cups and saucers with the 'N and crown of Napo leon ; a portrait of Qaeen Amelia on ivory by Jbnrdain ; and a handsome china punch bowl, with silver ladle of exquisite design. ' Altogether this comparatively email portion of Madame Hazard's collection is so valuable and interesting that it creates a feeling of regret that the whole did not find its way here or get into the hands of some anti quarian who would preserve the collection in its entirety. PROBATES. — During the week ended November 17 the following probates and letters of administration were granted: — Probates— Alexander Hoerber, of Norwood, £500; Thomas Ellis, of Cunliffe, £300; Thomas Lamb Wall, of Cndgee Creek, Vic toria, £290 ; Aaron Waxman, of Melbourne, £100 ; John E. D. Davis, of Clarendon, £190 ; Samuel Cornish, of Adelaide, £1; Charles Burton, of Norwood, £820 ; Ellen Farrell, of near Kadina, £650; William Osborne, of Norton's Summit, £650: Thomas Hornsby of Adelaide, £500 ; William Filsell, of Unley £320; William Litchfield, of Norwood, £225. Letters of Administration— John Benoy S ten lake, of Cordilla Downs, £100; William Elliott, of Franklin Harbour, £100; Charles George Duke, of Penwortham, £30. During the week ended, Thursday, November 24 the Following probates and letters of administra tion were granted :— Probates— John Blin cowe, of Onetree Hill, £200; William Gorrill, of Watervale. £270 ; Henry Herbert Hoare, of Brighton, £3,000; James Morecott Holder, of College Town, £2,450; Wilhelm A. E. Krieschock, of Adelaide, £350; William George Rogers, of Goodwood Park, £100. Letters of Administration — Sir Charles Cooper, of Bath, England, £3,200 ; Berthold Daniel Lange, of Eudunda, £300;. John Matthew Jennings, of Montacollina, £250 ; Elizabeth Spence Saunders, of Laura, £350. Impoet and Expoet op Livjb Stock.— The- Following return of the number of live stock . imported into and exported from the province 3f South Australia overland during the quarter ended September 30, 1887, is civen in the Gazette of November 17 :— Imports.— New South WaleB— Cockburn, 27,508 sheep, 253 cattle, 65 horses; Littra, 8,000 sheep. Queensland — Diamantina, 4,147 cattle ; Inna mincka, 205 sheep, 1.781 cattle, 13 horses;. Cockburn, 1,386 cattle. Victoria — South Eaat District, 6,388 sheep, 58 cattle, 44 horseB. Total, 42,101 sheep, 7,625 cattle, 122 hqreeB. Exports.— New South WaleB— Inna- mincka, 304 cattle; Cockburn, 18,553 sheep, 19 cattle, 7 horses ; Littra, 27 sheep, Queens land— Diamantina, 23 cattle; Cockbarn, 7 cattle. Victoria— Innamincka, 320 cattle: South- East District, 10,706 sheep, 632 cattle. 250 horees. Total, 29,286 sheep, 1,305 oattle, 257 hortes. Excess of imports, 12,815 sheep,. 5,320 cattle; excess of exports, 135 horses, Scab Bbaffeabing in New Zealand, — The following telegram waa received by the Chief Secretary on Thursday morning. From the Colonial Secretary of New Zsaland. Hon. T. W. Hislcp):— 'Eegret scab reap peared at Kaikoura, Marlborough.' DESIGKS POB THK COMMEECIAIi BAKK of Australia.— The first prize of £100 for the designs of the new Commercial1 Bank premises has been awarded to Messrs. Daviea & Dunn, and the second of £50 to Mr. F. W. Dancker. It will be remembered that Mr. Daviea took the firat prize for the plans of the Commercial Bank of South Aus tralia, while Mr. Dancker carried off tha second. The building for the Commercial Bank of Australia will probably be pro ceeded with Bhortly. The design of Messrs. Davies & llunn is in the SenaisBance style of architecture, and three stories in height, crowned by two cupolas. Provision is made foralmoet the entire material being obtained in South Australia. The ground floor eleva tion is to ' be of granite, tbe columns of polished granite, and the rest of the building in freestone. The walls are to be in Finniss and the cornices and projections in Piermont Btone. There will be two entrances, one to the right being exclusively for tbe Bank,. and that to the left for offices above.. Tbe architects were allowed £15,000 to com plete the structure, the site of which is in King William-street, on the southern Bide of the A.M. Provident Society's offices. The Postal Cosfzbbkch.— The Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) has received a telegram from the New Zealand. Government stating that no member of the- Ministry will be able to come to the Postal Conference owing to pressure of .business. Mr, Johnson has telegraphed back asking that the permanent head of the Postal De partment might attend to represent that solony. The Conference is proposed to be held early in January. Municipal Nominations.— The following gentlemen have been elected unopposed as Mayors of various municipalities : — Ade aide, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.; Port Adelaide, Mr. J. Cleave; Norwood, Mr. G. E. C. Stevens; Unley, Mr. J. G. Jenkins, M.P. Jt. Petere, Mr. N. W. Trudgen ; Glenele, Sir. J. S. Scott; Burra, Mr. P. L. Killicoat; Strathalbyn, Mr. D. Bell: Clare, Mr. W. Jelly; Mount Gambier, Mr. W. Thurston; Brighton, Mr. J. Curnow ; Kadina, Mr. T, M. Rendell; Port Pirie, Mr. J. Gordon; Maitland, Mr. A. Short; Edithburgh, Mr. C. J. Robert ; Port Augusta, Mr. D. Drysdale: Port Wakefield, Mr. J. Rumble. For remainder of Summary see Page Three) 