WESLEY AN ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary tea meeting of the Wesleyan Clmrcb, Iforost-street, was hold last evening in the school room. The attendance was excellent; tho tables were liberally covered with good things, and everybody appeared to enjoy a good tea. From the feast the assembly proceeded to the church adjoining, where the puolic meeting took place. The chair was occupied by Dr. Quick, M.L. A., and in his introductory remarks he stated that in asking him to be chairman they had paid him a great compliment, and he felt it a pleasure and duty to preside. He referred to his connection • with the church since 1859, and stated that he was an eye-witness of the lay ing of the foundation stone by Sir Henry Barkly in 1862. On that foundation a splendid fabric had been raised. He congratulated thoi congregation on their prosperous and influential position, and on the strides they were making in reducing the debt to reasonable bounds. The choir sang an anthem which elicited great applause; so prolonged, in fact, by boys in tho gallery as to call for a rebuke from tho Rev. Mr. Withington. The annual report was next submitted, from which it w^as gathered that while last year the debt on the church amounted to £4,401, this year it had been reduced to £3,582. The Rev. Mr. M'Oann then gave an admirable address on the importance of religious belief, and of religious practice. He said there was a tendency in the present day to sneer at creeds,and to assort that churches existed for sectarian purposes. But as long as churches held by the great basal truths, origin,-il'sin and the atonement of Christ, they had no right to question the sonship because of merely minor differences. It was right in every man to choose his own church, and minister and worship inhisownway.but there ought not to be the restless ness that exists at the prosent day. This arose he thought from intellectual pride which made it ap pear that to cut tho connection with creeds was, liberal and clever. Some people said if they only did right it was no matter what they beliovcd. That was wrong. Some say there was no original sin, and that the seeds of good existed in the human heart, and only wanted cultivation. Such belief, however, denied conversion, and made the atonement superfluous. Every sensible man should have a settled belief. The Wesleyan Church had such a belief, and the most settled belief of all the churches, and the most advanced, for it held the doctrines of the universality of the atonement and of Christian perfection, doctrines which were gaining ground rapidly. The speaker urged that there should exist the most perfect consistency between belief and practice; that every man and woman should have high ambitions and great ideals as to character; also that what was wanted in the churches was a warmer deeper, holier, earnestness. The collection was then made, and tho choir sang an anthem. The Rev. H. Bath next spoke, statin" that he was more than a methodist, as he was a Wesleyan Methodist, and the Wesleyan Church had a history during tho last 150 years, such as no church ever had. The strong feature in Wesleyanism was faith in the work of the Holy Ghost, a work that would not fail, and which did not require the advent and reign of Christ on the earth for a thousand years to accomplish. The Rev. Mr. Withington stated that the col lections during the anniversary amounted to £181 lis. 2(1., which he considered most satisfactory. Votes of thanks were accorded tho ladies, tho choir, tho speakers and the chairman, and the meeting closed with tho benediction. 