GENERAL NEWS. RETEENCHMENT m TEE CIVIL SEBVIOE. In carrying out their polio; of retrenchment in the Civil Service the Government, in' addition to reducing the salaries of those engaged in the servioe have deemed it desirable to dispense with the services of fonr clerks and the book-porter in the Lands Titles Department. The duties formerly dis charged by them will be distributed amongst the other officers in the department, and a saving of £760 will thns be effected. The Ministry have farther deoided that where vacancies have occurred through death or resignation they shall not be filled up. Con sequently the three Magisterial appointments which have lately been rendered vacant will remain so. SAWTELL T. TABLTON.-We are informed that the plaintiff in this Commercial Bank case has obtained the Judge's order to inspeot certain accounts and entries in the bookB of the Commercial Bank for the pnrpose of cor roborating the report of the evidence of the Committee of Investigation originally ap pointed by the shareholders on the collapse of the Bank. Such corroboration, it is stated, is necessary in consequence of the labours of the committee being stultified in the absence of a strictly legal appointment and ratification of the labours of the com mittee, The case is proceeding very tedi ously, The affidavits show that the original apolication of the plaintiff to inspect was made in Chambers on January 14. That re sulted in an amended affidavit being filed on March 11. Adjournments and arguments followed till April 16, when an order for in spection was made. This was approved by Justice Boucaut on June 6 pending settle ment by the Master, who on June 13 made the settlement. It was returned for the final signature of the Judge on June 16, and was completed on June 29. SAVINGS BANE OF SOUTH AUSTBALIA. The report for June is as follows:-Number of new depositors at Adelaide 298, accounts reopened 22=320; number of new depositors at 107 agencies 219, aooounts reopened 21=240; total, 560, Number of accounts closed at Adelaide, 154; do. at 107 agencies, 103=257, Increase of depositors, 303. Total number of depositors, 57,188. Receipts from depositors, Adelaide, £41,094 6s, 7d.; do. at 107 agencies, £16,022 6s. Ud. =£57,116 13s. 6d. Repay ments to depositors, Adelaide, £44,34018s.; do. at 107 agencies, £13,518 5B. lOd.=£57,659 3s. lOd, Decrease of deposits, £742 10s. 4d. Decrease at Adelaide, £3,246 lis. 5d.; in orcaee at agencies, £2,504 Is. Id. =£74210s. 4d. ABBIVAL OF SIB HENRY LOCH. - His Excellency Sir Henry Looh, accom panied by Lady Loch, two daughters, and Captain Keith Falconer, Aide-de-Camp, arrived in Adelaide on a visit to His Excel lency Sir William Bobinson by the express train on Friday morning. The tra'n was about twenty minutes late, owing to an aooi dent to one of the cars at Stawell. Sir Henry and party were met at the station by Lieutenant Hatton Richards (Aide-de Camp), Brigadier-General Owen, Major Gordon, and Colonel Sargood. A guard of honour, consisting of twenty-two members of the Permanent Force, under Lieutenant Hawker, was stationed on the platform. The viceregal visitors were immediately driven to Government House, where they will be the guests of Sir William Bobinson until. Wednesday next. DEATH OF AN INMATE OF THE ASYLUM. A female patient named Mary Ann Kenney died suddenly on Thursday at the Farkside Lunatic Asylum. The primary cause of death is supposed to be suffocation owing to an epileptic seizure, during which deceased kept her face on the pillow. The secondary cause is attributed to the fact that she suffered from, angina peotoris. The Coroner has been in formed, and will hold an inquest to-day at the Asylum, A WARNING TO HOUSEHOLDERS.-In con sequence of the unattaohed corps of house breakers and other self-helping characters who' are now visiting the colony, the polico are especially desirous that householders should be on the alert. Of late quite an abnormal! number of entrance doors have been found nniocked in the oity and suburbs, and in< some cases it would have been an easy matter for robberies- of money and other valuables to hare been effected. S.A. COASTING SEAMEN'S UNION. - The nsual meeting; of this Union waB held in the Working Men's Hall, Church-street, Port Adelaide,'on Thursday evening. Mr. Ivor McGillivray, J.P., presided over a good attendance of members. One new member was elected. The Secretary of the Working. Men's Association wrote, thanking the Union for giving their support to the cele bration of their anniversary. A letter was received from the Coasters' Associa tion with reference to a complaint made by the Union about the Dashing Wave and Active carrying non-Union men. It stated that until the masters of the vessels named had attended a meeting of that body nothing could be done. They understood that the question of how the small vessels were to be manned had not yet been fully settled, and suggested that the subject of the letter should stand over nntil that was settled. Beceived. A member of the Union made a complaint that Captain Smidt, of the schooner Grace Darling, bad acted unfairly towards him. It was decided that Captain Smidt and the member who shipped be sum moned before the Society to answer the charges made. A member who was expelled for shipping under the Union rate wrote, regretting nia action, and asked to be allowed to rejoin. Left for the Committee of Management to decide. A member stated that when the dispute in connection with the Fleur de Maurice arose they threatened to run an opposition ferryboat. He was glad to say that there were now two opposition boats running. This had so interfered with the Ferry Company that at a meeting on Wed nesday night they considered the advisability of reducing the fares from Id. to a halfpenny. Several members spoke and hoped the opposition boats would meet with success. It was decided that all members of the Union who had ooca aion to crou the water should patronise the opposition boats on account of Captain Walker's action with the fleur de Manrioe. REVENUE RETUBNS. - The approrimite revenue retuniB for the year and quarter ended on June 30 show that the total receipts for the year were £1,868,273, being £375.290 less than the Treasurer's estimate in November, 1886. They are also £110,765 below the income for the year ending June 30, 1886. Thin difference is, however, more apparent than real. Both periods include enure other than ordinary revenue, and allow ing for these the later period falls short of the earlier by about £195,000. Contrast ing the details of the two periods there is a faUing-off in Customs of £102,000, in land and inoome tax of £86,000, explained by the earlier period including nearly two years taxes, and in territorial of £59,000. In the pcstal and telegraph service there is a slight increase, and in the railways an advance of £24,000. All these items except territorial show an advance for the quarter. PROBATES.-During thejweek ended June 30 the following probates and letters of adminis tration were granted:-Probates-Caroline Wilhelmlna Newmann, of North Adelaide, £200; Ann Higgines, of Adelaide, £475; J. H. R. Keller, of Nuriootpa, £1,250; A. A, Byard, of Adelaide, £20; John Brass, of Goodwood, £40; W. Toms, of Strathalbyn. £1,300; John Varley, of K&punda;, £5,600; F. J. D. Wehl, of Millicent, £100; Joseph Grundy, of Rapid Bay, £30,000; Richard Carriole, of Adelaide, ,£13; J. A. Holden, of Semaphore, £900. Letters of Administration-P. F. Bodeker, of Hackney, £400; Sarah F. Jewell, of Blanchetown, £110; C. W. A Kirchner, of "College Park, £400; Elizabeth Carr^of Mount -Gambler, £451; O. G. von der Dippe, of Maiola, £10; Philip Cooking, of Adelaide, 'before Act; W. Branson, of Tarlee, £1,000. RAINFALL.-Fully 6 inches of rain fell in Adelaide last month, making a total for the .first six mpnthe of this year of abont 18} .inches. ThiB is more than 9J inches above that registered daring the corresponding six months of last year, and about 3J inoheB -above the average of the previous forty-eight .years. THE MINISTRY AND THE PARLIAMENT. 'The members of the Government have been very busily engaged this week in preparing the policy whioh is to be submitted to Par liament on Tuesday next. Considerable in terest is being manifested in the speech to be -delivered by the Premier on that occasion. It is Mr. Playford's intention to state con cisely, and as briefly aB possible, the proposi tions which bis Ministry are prepared to initiate, and there will then probably be a short discuBBion. This concluded, the business on the Notice-paper will be proceeded with, and a number of Bills will be introduced by Ministers. In the Legislative Council the Chief Secretary will make the Ministerial statement. We believe that it is the inten tion ot the Government to reduce the salaries -of Civil servants, but we are not aware on what basis the redaction will be made. THE MARINE BOARD.-At the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday a memorial was received from a large number of the residents of St&nebury; asking that a channel ?might be deepened to allow steamers to go -alongside the jetty at low water. It was decided to obtain reports on the matter. The verdict of the Jury in the inquest on the recent drowning case at Queenscliife was ' forwarded by the Treasurer, but the matter was one for the Public Works Department to deal with. In reply to a letter from the Adelaide Steamship Company the Board said that the leases for the North-parade Wharfs -made no mention of wharfage rates. A oom plaint as to the bad state of the road leading to the North Arm Magazine was referred to the officers for a report. It was decided to retain the Port Germein lightship for the .present. A complaint against the master of the Otago for not making room for the J. L. Hall when ordered to move b; the Wallaroo harbourmaster was received, and if it is found that reasonable notioe was given the ?master is to be prosecuted for a breach of the harbour regulations. The new arrangement of offioera was sanctioned. POSTAL FACILITIES.-It is announoed that on and after July 1 two mails will be dis patched daily to Goolwa, Middleton, Port Elliot, and Victor Harbour, closing at the . G.P.O. at 6.5 a.m. and 3.25 p.m. respectively. But only one dally mail will be received from the above offices, viz., at 6.30 p.m. AFFAIRS IN TONGA.-The latest news to band from Suva as to the state of affairs in Tonpa (saye the Sy^ey Echo of June 28) is of anything but a reassuring nature, and it would appear that the visit of the High Com missioner for the Western Pacific (Sir Charles Mitchell) has not had a very permanent effect in restoring security for the Wesleyana in those islands. Mr. Baker and his party have not scrupled to act in direct contradic tion to the promises made to the High Com missioner, taking every means short of actual violence to intimidate and harass those who wish to return to the old Church. People are not allowed to go from one place to another to hold service, and those who attend services of the old Churoh are warned that they will suffer for it at no distant date. All these facts serve to indicate that the representations of the British Government have been almost com pletely disregarded, and matters, though for the time slightly improved, seem likely to relapse again into the old state of tyranny «nd terrorism on the part of Mr. Shirley Baker and hiB accomplices. It will be for the British Government to consider whether in the event ol these fears being realized they "would sot be justified in taking some more active Bteps in the cause of humanity at least, if not of religious freedom. The slave trade excited the horror and detestation of English men ; but the persecution which some of the natives of Tonga have had to endure almoBt rivals the cruelty of the slavers of the old -days. We trust that if the cruelty and oppression complained of are continued in spite of England's remonstrance the home Government will see their way clear to take some more active stepB than a mere verba protest. GOVBRNMEKT LAND SALES.-At the Go vernment Land Office on Tuesday oue lot of country land open for sale uoon credit was offered in the Hundred of Yatala~Section 5409, 79 acres-and was obtained by J. Lewis at 20B. 6d. per acre, the deposit paid being £8 2s. On Thursday several- edn3ational lands were put up for auotion, the only lease effected being in the Hundred of Nildottie, Sections 6,15,18, IS, 25w, 26, 27,13,14, 53N, and 64, containing 4,369 acres, S. Rogers, 3d. per acre. THE SOUTH-EASTERN LANDS,-On Thurs day morning the members for Albert (Messrs. B. A.Moulden and A D. Handysida), and the members for Victoria (Messrs. D. Livingstone and F. E. H. W. Krichauff) had an interview with the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles) with reference to the settlement of the land in the South-Bast. It is the inten tion of the Commissioner to introduce into Parliament a Bill dealing with the subject. SKINNT MEN.-" Wells* Health Renewer' restores health and vigour, cures Dyspepsia, Imnotetice, &c.; At chemists and druggists. F. H. Paulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. 303v _ THE RAILWAY TABIFF.-The following circular letter haB been dispatched by the Port Pirie Corporation to Porta Wallaroo, Augusta, Moonta, Goolwa, Kingston, Beach nort, Gerroein, Robe and MaoDonnell, and Victor. It is addressed to the respec tive Corporations or District Councils, and where these io not exist, to prominent residents:-"I have the honour to direot your attention to the two resolutions passed at a public meeting here on Friday evening last, and to ask that you will co-operate ?with us, so that the huge evil com plained of, viz., the ' centralization of the railway traffic', may be remedied. It teas pointed out that a far worse state of things obtained even tban shown on the facte of the iniquitous printed tariff. It appears that, utterly regardless of payable rates, it is possible to obtain special private conoeusionB on certain lines of goods in order that they may pass _ over the railways to and from Adelaide, rather than that they should go by what is obviously the more practical route. This is to the detriment of the outports in particular, and tiie country in general, for goods are carried at notoriously noD-psyiug rates on the sliding scale, the deficit having to be met by additional taxa tion or other oppressive expedient. The desire seems to be to prevent by any means the outports from having the trade that naturally belongs to them. and to force the same to Adelaide. I have no doubt the matter has come under the observation of yourself and y our public. Feeling, too, that the city iB not the colony-, we consider that visitors to the Exhibition should have every faoility afforded them to travel over the colony. The railway manipulators- regular jugglers, apoarently otly care to convey all they can to'Adelaide, and Beem to study to devise ways and means so that the country may not be seen. It is all city vermis country. Centralize and snuff out the outports. The resolutions are to be brought before the Commissioner by our member, Mr. Howe, which should be backed up by all ontport representatives. Seeking your earnest and speedy oo-operation- W. G. WILSON Town Clerk." The resolutions referred to are those published by us in the Register of Wednesday, 22nd. inst. M90NTA MOUNTEDINFJLNTBY,-The Moonta contingent of the Mounted Infantry returned by train yesterday, and are not overburdened with admiration for the treatment they have received (says the Wallaroo Times). From what little we gathered it seems that the I troop left Moonta on Saturday morning, 1 arriving at the camp on Sunday evening, where they_ were informed rations would be in readiness on their arrival. After j attending to the wants of their horse* a 1 bucket containing some mysterious eatables | WBB placed in front of them, also a similar I vessel in wbish tea was provided, no sign or : knife, fork, spoon, or plate was visible. But to their credit the men behaved in a true . military Bpirit. They have done duty in I Adelaide in the jubilee ceremonial, as also at j the camps, and when marching orders were [ lBsued arrangements were made for the men to be at the Adelaide Railway Station on | Friday morning at 6 o'clock with their horses tosee them safely trucked, in order that they I might be sent on by the train with the men. But at the last moment before the train Btarted the troop were informed that their horses (although already boxed) could not go until the goods train went, and would have to remain at Hamley Bridge for the night. The upshot of this arrangement was that they had to leave some of their men behind at Hamley Bridge to take charge of the horses on their arrival and make other arrange ments for providing, fodder, &o.;, for them during the night. This treatment has caused great annoyance to the troop, and it is feared the men will hand in their resigna tions. There is no doubt the men have Just cause of complaint. They voluntarily left their work for a few days to do honour to their Queen and country, and the least the department could have done was to see that they were fairly treated after the great demonstration was over. Oar Moonta correspondent, after relating the facts which we have published above as to the inconvenience caused to the Moonta Mounted Infantry on their return from the jubilee celebrations by the defective railway arrange ments for the transport of their horses, writes" The whole company intend to call a meeting at an early date and tender their resignation by giving three, months' notice. The members of the company at considerable inconvenience and expense volunteered to go to Adelaide and take part in the proceedings at the opening of the Exhibition, with the expectation that every facility would be afforded them to coiue back by rail, but in this they were most bitterly disappointed." THE QUEEN'S JUBILEE.-The following cablegram from the Biijht Hon. Sir Henry Holland, Bart., G.C.M.G., has been rect>;7ed by HiB Excellency Sir William Robinson, G.C.M.G. :-"The Queen is much gratified by the loyal congratulations of the people of South Australia. Her Majesty conveys best wishes for the sucsess of the Exhibition." THE SOOTH ACSTBALIAN BRADSHAW.-We have received from the publishers (Messrs. C. W. Stuart & Co.) the first monthly issue of the South Australian Bradshaw and Ade laide Guide, The guide is got up in the usual "Bradshaw" style, and contains 120 pages of information calculated to be of service to travellers. DROWNED.-The body of the little boy Herbert Richard Lamer, who was drowned in tbe Goodwood Creek on Thursday last, was found on Saturday in the bed of the creek, when the water had subsided, on Mr, Everard's property. The City Coroner made enquiries on Sunday, and came to the con clusion that as the death was purely acci dental an inquest was unnecessary. VALEDICTORY,-Mr. W. Holloway, who for some time past has occupied the position of resident officer in charge of the Sewage Farm, having resigned, the employes of the Farm lately presented him with a suitable testimonial. We understand that Mr. Holloway leaves for Victoria, having re ceived the appointment of Manager to Mr. S. Gardiner, of Bnndoora Park, the celebrated breeder of Shorthorns. BALL AT GLEKELG.-Our premier watering place was all astir on Tuesday evening, the occasion being the subscription ball in honour of the visit of H.M.S.S. Nelson and Opal DOW anchored in Holdfast Bay. The former warship focussed her electria light on the town during the evening, and the effect was very brilliant. There was a large and fashionable attendance, numbering about 250, including many visitors from Victoiia. Several naval and military officers at tended, and the lovely dresses of the ladies, combined with the brilliant uniforms and the graceful decorations of the Town Hall, presented a charming scene. Amongst the toilettes pale blue and pale pink were the favourite colours. His Excellency the Governor arrived at 8.45 and opened the ball, the first engagement being the lanccrs. Coward's Premier String Band" supplied tlie latest dance muaic, and thus heightened the pleasure of the dancers. The ball was a great success. POET ADELAIDE WOBKIKG MEN'S ASSOCIA TION.-The usual meeting of this Association was held in the Association Hall, Church street, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening. Tlie Chairman (Mr. H. Tompkins) presided over a good attendance. It was decided to take no action against the owner of the brig Phillis, as he had since paid the Union rate of wages. A resolution that Mr. G. F. Hop kins, M.P., should be summoned to attend the next meeting to answer a charge of break ing the tenth by-law on June 25 was carried. The Vigilant Officer reported that a member had worked with the crew of a vessel against the general laws, and the case was referred to the Committee of Management, The re ceipts amounted to £16, FLINDEBS ROAD BOABD.-Mr. J. Moule, M.P., waited uoon the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. A. Catt) on Monday moraine;, and asked that an advance on account of maintenance might be made to the Flinders Road Board out of nest year's vote. He urged that unless this were done all the maintenance men would have to be dis charged. The Commissioner said he would allow the vote to be anticipated to the extent of £500. RESPONSIBLE GOVERNMENT IN WESTERN ATJSTBAMA.-It is understood that the reoent elections in the neighbouring colony have virtually settled the question of responsible government. The Conservative party have decided, too, that the better course now is not to obstruct but to oo-operate with the moderate reformers for the purpose of securing a wise Constitution. Mr. Hensman, the lately elected member for (Jreenough, in bis truBt in the wisdom of the people urges the advisability of having only one Chamber. It is believed that next year will witness the introduction of the Constitution Act. The Colonial Office is said to be anxious for the northern portion of the colony to be governed by the south, special guarantees being given as to the coloured labour Question. H.M.S. NELSON "AT HOME."-A large number of visitors were entertained on board H.M.S. Nelson on Monday after noon by Rear-Admiral Fairfax, Cap tain Hammill, and their officers. His Excellency the Governor was present, and was received by a Balute of seventeen guns. Dancing was indulged in during the afternoon, and the visitors left soon after 6 o'clock, after having spent a very pleasant time on board the warship. THE POLICE AKD THE JUBILEE CELEBBA TIONS.-In reporting upon the jubilee cele brations, which had signalized the proceedings in tbe city during the past week, the Mayor referred to the excellence of the arrangements made by the police, and a vote of thanks to the Commissioner, his officers, and men was passed. THKZOOLOGICAI. GARDENS.-Bythe steamer Bucephalus, from Calcutta, the Zoo has received an interesting addition to the animals in the shape of A very pretty cheetah or hunting leopard. It is young, and may be handled with safety at present,but doubtless a few months will make a difference in his temper. The Director also secured a mon goose and a few birds of rare character. EXCURSION RAILWAY FARES.-Mr. E. W. Hawker, M.P., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. A. Catt) on Tuesday morning, and requested that travellers avail ing themselves of excursion fares to' the Exhibition might be allowed to break their journey. The Commissioner said he could not agree to allow all persons to break their journey, but in cases where people were not travelling on business they would be allowed to do so on application to tbe Traffic Manager. LECTOBE ON " GLADSTONE."-The Rev. J. W. Piatt, B.A., of Kapunda, delivered iu the Town Hall, Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, an eloquent lecture upon " Gladstone" in the presence of a moderate but very appreciative audience. The lecture was under the auspices of the South Australian Literary Societies Union. TEE QOEEN V, NEWCOMBE. - The Full Court on Tuesday gave judgment in the case of Regina v. John Newcombe, who was con victed at the Criminal Sittings in April last)before t he Chief Justice and a Jury, of having obtained jewellery from Mr. J. M. Wendt, of Adelaide, under false pretences. The prisoner bad told Mr. Wendt that his name was Charles Hope, and that he prac tised as a solicitor at Kooringa. He had previously held other assumed names, and styled himself a lay reader, architect, commission F.gant, &o.; A special verdict was returned, the Jury finding that Mr. Wendt had parted with his goods only partly in con sequence of the false assumptions The Judges unanimously agreed to uphold the conviction, on the ground that the falBe representations had turned the balance in Mr. Wendi's mind, and induced him to hand over the articles. The Chief Justice said the prisoner had been twice previously convicted for similar offences, but as he had been in custody since January 27 the sentence would be only for 1 year and 8 months' imprisonment with bard labour from April 5 last. IMMIGRATION AND KMIGBATION.-During the week ending Saturday, June 23, the number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide bv sea was 231. Of these 16S were from Melbourne, 41 from Albany, 2i from London, and 1 from Bucla. During the same period 191 persons leit Fort Ade laide by sea. Of these 172 went to Mel bourne, 11 to Sydney, and 8 to Guam. This is a gain to the colony of 43. MB. HOPKINS, M.P., AND THE WOBKING MEN.-ilr. G. F. Hopkins, M.P., who was lately admitted to membership in the Port Working Men's Association, is thought by a member to have viclated already by-law 10 in tbe rules of tbe Association, and i> to be summoned to attend the next meet ing to answer tbe charge. The fol lowing . is the by-law referred to "Every member on entering the Society shall declare bis adhesion to the principles on and for which it is founded, and Bhall promise to advance and support its interests and objects so long as he may continue a membei. He Bhall do all in his power to extend its_ usefulness and give employ ment to its members in preference to others. He shall give immediate notice of any violation of its rules, and observe the lawB as strictly as possible." For violation of laws tbe punishment awarded is either fining or expulsion. We understand that there is no general understanding existing as to the ppeciBc nature of the charge. THE NEW TEA SEASOX.-The Age pub lishes a cablegram from its correspon dent at Foochow, dated June 27. as follows'" The s.s. Changsha sailed for Mel bourne direot yesterday with the first ship ment of new season's teas. The s.s. Guthrie forSyney direct leaves to-morrow. The s.s. Sikh will be dispatohed for Melbourne direct in a few days. The B.B. Chingtn is announced for the 10th of July for Melbourne. Ex change, 3s. 2Jd., on which basis tbe Chang eha's exports bave been settled. Freights unchanged." " Hovqb ON RATS."-Clears out rata, mice roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugB, beetles, insects, sknnks, jack-rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists, 303v EIGHT-HOUBS CELEBRATION.-A.t a m»et iDg of tbe Eight-Hours Celebration U .( m, held at the Bristol Tavern oa Wed ties lay evening, Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick, J.P., pre siding, it was resolved that a grand distribu tion of prizes to the value of £100 shouiii be made in addition to the prizes for spurts usually given. AUSTBAI.UK NATIONAL UNION.-& meet ing of the sub-committee of the proposed Anstralian National Union was held at the Imperial Hotel on Wednesday evening, when there was a fair attendance. The Hon. J. C. P. Johnson (Minister of Education) presided. On tbe motion of the Hon. R. C. Baker, C.M.G.,it was resolved-" That any National Australian Society formed in South Australia be upon an independent basis." Dr. Sprod expressed a desire that the Society should be purely South Australian in character, but a proposition to thiB effect moved by him found no seconder. It was proposed " that persons born in the Australian Colonies only be eligible for membership," but an amend ment extending the basis of membsrship to persons who arrived in Australia before they were 5 years of age was agreed to. It was moved and seconded - "That the objects be to stimulate a national patriotic sentiment amongst Australasians of all classes, creeds, and races, to educate young Australasians to appreciate and properly use their {political privileges, and to promote all legislation having foritsobjeot the federation of tbe Anstralasian Colonies." The Hon. Mr. Baker sought to add the words "and of the British Empire," but did not receive any support, and eventually it was decided by a maiority to Btrike ont the wordB relating to the federation of tbe colonies. The meeting then adjourned until Monday next. A NOBTHEBN TEBBITOBY MUBDEB.-The Executive bad nnder consideration on Wednesday morning the case of William [ Henry Wbitton, who was convicted and sentenced to death on a charge of murdering Thomas Spellacy at Wongolaia, Northern Territory, on Maroh 14, 1886. The conviction was made at the Palmerston Circuit Court, before Mr. Justice Pater and a Jury of six, on October 7, 1886, and an appeal on the ground that there was not sufficient evidence to go to the Jury was heard by tbe Supreme Court in Banco on June 14 and dismissed. It was then stated that Whit ton was hopelessly insane. The Executive arrived at no deoision on the matter, but postponed consideration pending tbe receipt of information from the Northern Territory relative to Whitton'a state of mind. ______ llECOVEBY _ OF STOLEN jEWELLEEJT.-The police authorities have recently recovered a plant of stolen jewellery valued at about £70 or £80, the proceeds of several burglaries which took place in the city and suburbs about six months ago. Tbe man Charles who was on Wednesday morning committed for trial at the Adelaide Police Court on two charges of burglary was at the time sus pected of tbe ofienoes, and was watched for Bome time, but sufficient evidence has not been obtained to connect him with those robberies. APPOINTMENT IN AGENT - GENERALS OFFICE.-The Government have appointed Mr. T, F. Wicksteed, of the Crown Lands Department, to fill the vacancy in the Agent General's Office caused by the death of Mr. Snell. Mr, Wioksteed will be paid the same salary that he is at present receiving-£38* per annum. His place in the Crown Lands Department will not be filled up, but his duties distributed amongst the other officers. Mr. Wicksteed first entered the Civil Service on April 19,1875. DEATH OF MB. J. L. TCXFOBD.-Our obituary notices this morning record the death of Mi. J. L. Tuxford, as old colonist whose name is most intimately associated with the early development of agriculture in this province. Mr. Tuxford was a pioneer in every sense of tbe term, and with the thorough spirit of a settler bore all the re verses and successes of a colonist's life. He was born in Boston, Lincolnshire, in 1812, and arrived here in the ship Bardaster in 1838. Mr. Tuxford often referred with proud satis faction to tbe fact of bis having been the first citizen to pay rates to the Corporation of Adelaide upon the institution of municipal povfinmentin this colouy. Forseveralyears he kept tbe Sportsman Hotel, and subsequently, in conjunction with bis brother, established tbe firm of Tuxford Brothers, who were the first importers of agricultural machinery into this colony. Their first implement yard was in Selby-street, whence in later ye&TB; tbey removed to North-terrace. Mr. J. L. Tuxford was an enthusiast in mining matters, and was particularly interested in tbe copper ventures on Yorke's Peninsula, having been an extensive shareholder in the Yelta Mine when that mine was in the height of its prosperity. Upon leaving the firm of Tuxford Brothers Mr. J. L. Tuxford resumed charge of tbe Sportsman Hotel, where he died. He leaves five daughters, one son, and three grandchildren. POLICE CHANGES AT POBT ADELAIDE. Sub-Inspector Doyle having been placed in charge of the Jubilee Exhibition, Sub-Inspec tor Shaw, of tbe Mounted Police, has been stationed at the Port Police Station during his absence. Sub- Inspector Doyle attended the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions in his official capaoity, and bis experience should make him a valuable servant to the public at our own Exhibition, ADELAIDE CBESS CLUB.-On Tuesday even ing, June 28, tbe twelfth round of the winter tourney was played, Mr. Earl beat Mr. Tilly, Mr. Watson beat Mr. Cheadle, Mr. Laughton beat Mr. Richards, Mr. Macdonald beat Mr. MaveB, Mr. Maohin beat Mr. Mar shall, and Mr. Hubbie beat Mr, Koberts, During tbe week Mr. Watson beat Mr. Hubble. In last week's score there was a slight error-Mr. Laughton beat Mr. Machin, not Mr. Burden. The score to date is as followB: - Burden 5, Earl 5, Harrison 8, Laughton 6, Macdonald CJ, Machin 4, Roberts 2, Cheadle 9, Watson 9J, Hobble 2, Marshall 5, Mayes 2, Richards 3, and Tilly 2. CHDBCH OF ENGLAND SDNDAT-SCHOOL UNION.-At a special meeting of the General Committee, the President (tbe Lord Bishop) in the chair, tbe following resolutions affect ing the ruleB of the Union were passed after careful discussion'The terms of subscrip tion were altered, the number of soholars being tbe basis, and the terms ranging from 5s. per annum to SOs. for the largest schools. The competitive examinations for teachers were done away with, and a scheme for a standard examination of teachers for the whole Diocese initiated, the subjects for such examinations being a book of the Bible, tbe Catechism, one or more offices in the Book of Common Prayer, and a I paper on the art of teaching, with a practical , exhibition of the teacher's power in con I ducting a normal class. Such examinations will be entirely voluntary. The committee expressed tbe hope that when the details of the scheme are before the schools they will find ready acceptance as tending to improve the status of Sunday-school teachers in the Diocese. : INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FOR TEE BUHD.-The monthly meeting of the committee wn held on Tuesday, 3 one 28. The Manager's report was satisfactory, showing that £140 worth of goods had been manufactured, during the past month, and £129 worth had been Bold. Mats especially were in demand in conse quence of the muddy weather, and special efforts would be. {needed to keep up the supply. Mr. David Sterne's visit to the South-East had been successful both in the way of obtaining orders and subscrip tions in aid of the institution. Thanks were, aocorded to bim for bis efforts. The Jubilee Exhibition Committee were also able to report satisfactory progress, as, through the persuasive powers of Mr. M. H. Madge, kind friends bad contributed labour and materials so as to enable the stall to be fitted ap at a very small actual cost. Thanks for the same to be duly given. An interesting exhibit of bookmarks em bossed by blind operators with the name of the purchasers, so that other blind persons could read them, had metlwith ready sale, as also had brushes and basketware, and public interest in the institution had been increased. Admiral Fairfax and the Chinese Commis-' sioners had visited the school. General Wong Tung Ho had signed his name in English and Chinese, expressed his great pleasure, and set a good example by contri buting £5 5s. to the funds. A contribution collected in London by Mrs. Farrar, of Laura, was acknowledged, as also were collections by Mrs. Garlicl, totalling £30. The com mittee felt encouraged, and hoped soon to make up arrears. FODKDEKED AT SEA.-Tbe Sale corres pondent of tbe Melbourne Daily Tele graph telegraphed on Monday:-"The following telegram was received by the Side police from the Bruthen Station to night-'Ship Ann Mary, bound from Mersey, Tasmania, to Queensland, foundered at sea. Urew four days in open boat. When landing in the surf near Lake Tyers the boat was upset and the captain drowned. The body was covered in sand on the beach bv the Drew. The survivors have gone on to Bo ad knight's old station. They are destitute, and in an exhausted condition.' One man went down with the ship." GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY.-A speoial meet ing of the South Australian branoh of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia was held in the Town Hall Banquetlng-room on Wednesday evening, June 29, to hear from Mr. David Lindsay an account of his explorations in Central Australia and the Northern Territory. The room was crowded with ladies and gentlemen, and in addition to tbe President (Sir Samuel Davenport) there were present Sir Herbert Sandford, the Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson), several members of both Houses of Parliament, and leading citizens. The hall was profusely decorated with flags, and specimens of native weapons, with mammoth shells from the Territory, were shown to visitors. Mr. Lindsay's paper was an ex ceedingly interesting one, and was similar in purport to the series of special articles that he oontribnted to this paper. After wards his blaok boy, a giant 6 ft. 6 in. high, practically illnstrated the method adopted by Australian aborigines to luht a fire. The Government Resident at the Northern Terri tory gave an address on the. Territory aB a field for the investment of foreign capital and the results that may be expeotea to follow tbe construction of the Transcon tinental Railway. After advocating the construction of a line of railway aoross the continent on the land-grant system, be asserted that the Territory offered a wide field for the investment of British capital in the development of its pastoral, mineral, and agricultural resources, He claimed that if tropical products such as sugar, rice, tapioca, ginger, &c.;, were to foe profitably grown, other than European labour would have to be employed. He quoted from a letter he had recently received from tbe Duke of Man chester, expressing faith in the future of the Territory, and having stated that Earl Rose bery had a little time since purchased an estate opposite Port Darwin, contended that Adelaide and Port Darwin bound together by rail would give South Aus tralia the premier place in Australia. On the motion of the Minister of Education who justified the objection of the residents of the Territory to the introduction of Chinese under the present condition of affairs-thanks were accorded Messrs. Lindsay and Parsons and a similar compliment was paid to the Chairman. A REMINISCENCE or THE BBASSEYS,-The following aneodote is recorded by a corre spondent in the Age on Tuesday" In early life Lord Brassey's father was a young man with lots of energy, a good character, and no money. He was in the employ of Mr. Wardell, the Chester banker. Being of a pushing turn of mind he saw his way to enter on small contracts, so he started as a con tractor, with some assistance from Mr. Wardell's Bank. At last he aspired to large undertakings, and he put in for and got a very large t railway contract, but far beyond bis means. In his despair he bethought him of Mr. Wardell's Bank, and, waiting on the old banker, laid before him his requirements, and asked for a large advance to enable him to buy the necessary plant. ' But, sir, I have no security to offer you.' 'Yes, you have, the best, a good character; you shall have the money.' Young Brassey sot the contract, and carried it out «rith great profit. He became a leviathan contractor, and prodigiously rich. Years after a rumour went abroad that Warden's Bank was shaky. Mr. Brassey, as soon as he heard it, went speeding to Chester, and to his Did master, the old banker, whom he found in despair, hiB Bank tottering, said-'Mr. Wardell, I have juet heard the bad news, and have come to your relief at once. What sum do you require?' 'Oh. an awful sum,' he uttered hopelessly. ' What sum ? Name it.' It was several hundreds of thousands. ' You sball have it,' ' But I have no security to offer.' 'Yes, you have, the best, a good character.' Wardell was Btartled at hearing his own words re-echoed after so many years. The two men rose and clasped hands, out spoke not. In tbe presence of that power which makes all great hearts kin theirs were too full to speak. The Bank was saved, I heard this from a connection of my own^Sir William Jackson, once a partner of Mr. Hrassey's, the firm being Brassey, Betts, Peto, & JaokBon." Loss OF THE GERMAK STEAMER ODER. Messrs. H. Mueoke & Co., having heard from Sydney that a rumour existed there that the N.G. Lloyd's steamer Oder had been lost, cabled on Tuesday to Colombo forinformation, and reoeived a reply on Wednesday that the steamer was lost at the Island ofSocotra, near the southern entrance of the Red Sea, but that all on board were saved. The Oder was a steamer of 3,158 tons gross register and 3,250-horsepower, one of the subsidized German mail steamers trading between Bremen, Colombo, Singapore, and China. "ROUGH OH ITCH."-"Bough on Itch' cures skin humours, eruptions, ringworm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poiBon, barber's itch. i303v GENERAL OBDEBS.-The Brigadier-Genera! Commanaant wishes to express his satis faction at the manner in whioh the tiro companies A (Moonta) and B (Hammond) of the volunteer Mounted Infantry acquitted themselves on the occasion of their being brought to Adelaide for the military de monstration of the 21st instant. This was the first appearance of such troops ou a public occasion in South Australia, and officers and men veil earned the praise be stowed upon them by the public. The weather was most trying for both men and horses, but the inconveniences due to it when it camp were Ijorne as a whole most cheer fully by the men, and without bad effects on the horses. The result shows how useful an addition the Volunteer Mounted Infantry will be to the forces of the colony. The material for such a force, both in men and horses in the country distriots, is of a hardy and excellent description, nor in case of emergency would there be any difficulty in assembling it for the defence of the capital, if necessary. A Company marched from Moonta to Adelaide, some 110 miles, in about thirty-six hours; while the £ Company (horses and men) was brought down from Hammond, over 200 miles from Adelaide, in lets than forty-eight hours. During the gressure of work oa the railway lines ue to public holiday and to the difficulty of giving sufficiently long notice to the Railway Department a certain delay and inconve nience ensued in the oarriage of a portion of the horses, as the requisition of the Military Department could rot be thoroughly carried out, but this is a difficulty which it U hoped will be overcome in the future. Officers com manding are desired to explain to their men how important it is for this purpose that the exact number of horses for whioh carriage is required should be furnished to the Staff Adjutant if possible ten days at least before the carriage iB required. The Brigadier General Commandant hopes in the course of the next three months to be able to arrange for the mounted infantry being brought to Adelaide for a review and field-day. The Commandant is sure that the otner com panies will in such case emulate A and B Companies in their appearance and bearing, and Bhow by soldierly conduct in overcoming email inconveniences and difficulties how valuableaforce they will pro veto their country. Arrangements have been made to deliver a course of lectureB on military subjects at the Lieotnre Hall of the Adelaide University, kindly lent for the occasion by the Council. These lectures will be given by the Comman dant and members of the staff of the forces. Officers and senior non- commissioned officers (of the rank of sergeant and above) are invited to attend. KNGINEMAN'S AND FIREMAN'S ASSOCIATION. -A special meeting of the Engineman's and Fireman's Association was held on Thursday evenin&June; 30, in the Y.M.C.A. Buildings. Mr. J. W, Spurr presided. Mr. Stook, M.P., President of the S.A. Mutual Railway Asso ciation, who attended by invitation, ex plained the origin and objeots of the recently formed Mutual Association of Railway Em ploy ds. There was no selfish motive on his part when he suggested the formation of the Association. Bis desire was to bring the railway servants together as a body. In round numbers there were 5,000 railway ser vants banded together as an Association in each of the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria. In South Australia, roughly esti mating, there were about 3,000 men employed on the railways. The chief reason for the formation of the new Association was to plead the cause of master and servant. Already about 1,000 personB had promised to join the Mutual Association. He looked for? ward to the time when the Association would be able to support a library, and when its funds could be apportioned for aooident and sick allowances, and for the support of widows and children of deoeased members. It was explained that there might be other Societies - such as the JSn ^incman's and Fire nan's Association BO long as all railway servants were connected in Borne way with the head Association. The following resolutions were oarried'"That the Engineman's and Fireman's Association shall retain its present position, but shall UBB its utmost endeavours to induce all its members to become members of the new Mutual Association, and that its members shall work in harmony with the objects of the New Mutual Association," "Thatthe Engineman's and Fireman's Association and ltB members who may join the new Mutual Association shall elect two enginemen, who shall be members of both Associations, and that the firemen ehall nominate a fireman to be a representative also, the same fireman to be a member of both Associations." WRECK OF TUB BEIGANTINE ANN AND MARY. - It is stated in a teiegram published on page 14 that the brigan tine Ann ana Mary, which foundered at sea on Saturday laBt, was owned by Mr. W. Evans, of Adelaide. We believe ?that was so until a year or two ago. The latest issue of the " Register of Australian and New Zealand Shipping" give the owners as Lawrence & Welle, of Lyttelton. The vessel iB not insured in any South Australian ?Company. ARRIVAL OF MR. MURRAY SMITH. The passengers by the s.s. Carthage, which arrived off Ulenelg early on Friday, in clude Mr. Murray Smith, ex-Agent- General for Victoria, It was expected that he would laud at Adelaide in order to visit the Exhibition and take part in the ?banquet to be given by the Victorian Com missioners on Saturday. Mr. fl. R Hogg, on behalf of the Commissioners, went out to -the Carthage this morning to welcome him back, and the Chief Justice sent an invitation to him, MrB. Murray Smith, and daughters to stay at his residence in North Adelaide until their departure for Melbourne. The invitationB, however, were not accepted, as Mr. Murray Smith is resolved to continue the voyage in the Carthage. He informed a representative of the Register that during his visit to England he had refrained from "taking part in any matters affecting the -Government of Victoria. He could give no f reeh information in regard to the Centennial Exhibition, but he believed that the British public were awaking to a sense of its import ance. He had gone to England chiefly to float the North Australian Pastoral Company for Mr. C. B. Fisher, and he was satisfied with the result. Mr. Murray Smith is in fairly good health, but appears to be Buffering crest grief through the death of his son in England. THE ESTIMATES.-The oonsidieration of the Estimates for the financial year beginning to day occupied tbe attention of the Govern ment at a Cabinet meeting on Monday. The sitting lasted all the afternoon and till late in the evening. THE CRADOCK "GHOST."-Mounted-oon etable Thomas, under instructions from head quarters, has withdrawn the information aid by bim nnder the Police Act against the Hamsdorf family tor imposition, the authorities not deeming the case to be one calling for the interference of the police. " EODOH ON CORNS."-Ask for Wells' 'Rough on Coras." Q.uiok relief, complete, permanent cure. CornB, wartB, bunions. At \- chemists and druggists, 303v THE POTATO TRADE.-Tha Border Watck writes" A correspondent has ooarteoaBly sent us the following table of the tariff charged per ton in tha two colonies for the articles specified over a distance of 303 miles: Dairy produce, not otherwise S.A.. Victoria. specified £3 10 2 £J S 4 Bacon.. .. " .. M 310 2 6 8 4 Butter 810 2 6 8 4 Cheese _ S 10 2 4 a 4 Egga - .. .. _ .. 6 4 3 5 8 4 Poiatces 1 10 3 0 19 0 According to this the tariff used in this colony for all the lines of goods, except pota toes, to which reference was made is more in favour of the producer here than in Vic toria, and in so far as tbey are concerned the inference that our railways are less liberally worked than those of our neighbours doeB not hold good, it will be noticed, however, that there is a very great disparity in the rate of the two colonies for potatoes. While the Victorian authorities are content with 193. per ton those of South Australia ask 30s. 3i., a.difference that to the grower would mean a very big profit or a very big loss._ We have reason to believe that an effort will be made shortly to bringthetwo rates closer together by reduciDg the charge on our lines, and we again express the hope that this reduction will be such that our potatoes can be de livered under it in Adelaide at not less than 25s. per ton. Our correspondent also notes the following point in wbicn our railways exoel the Victorian in tryiug to meet the public convenience: - 'As regards small parcels of butter, eggs, fresh fruit, and dead ponltry, a package of say 112 lb, can be sent from the Mount to Adelaide by passenger train in one day for 7s.; whereas the like parcel sent the same distance in Victoria by passenger train would cost 14s.' That is to say, small parcels will be carried by pas senger trainB at something less than Id. per lb., a rate which should permit of our farmers opening up a wide trade with private con sumers and tradesmen in the metropolis and along the whole route of the railway." VICEREGAL GUESTS.-Admiral and Mrs. Fairfax, Miss JJundas, Captain flammill, and Lieutenant ifirskioe (Flag Lieutenant), who have been His Excellency's guests at Government House sin^e the 16th instant, left Adelaide on Thursday. The Admiral proceeds to Sydney in H.M.S. Kelson ; Mrs. Fairfax and Miss Dundas travel overland via Melbourne. His Excellency Sir Henry Loch, Lady Loch, two daughters, and Private Secretary will arrive at Government House on a visit to His Excellency on Friday morning, and wiil remain until the following Wednesday. On Saturday evening Sir Henry Loch will accompany His Excellenoy the Governor to a dinner to be given by the Victorian Commissioners. On Monday even ing there will be an official dinner party at Government House. ENTERTAINING OUB VISITORS.-Oa Thurs day morning several members of the Mel bourne City Counoil, accompanied by the Mayoress, accepted the invitation of the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) to drive to Mount Lofty. The following com prised the party:-The Mayor of Adelaide and Mrs. Smith, the Mayoress of Melbourne (Mrs. Cain), Mrs. Fitzgibbon, Alderman Benjamin, Councillor Terry and the two Miss Terrys, Councillor Tuckett and Mrs. Tuckett, Councillor Walker, Councillor Bo wen, Coun cillor Zevenboom and Mrs. Hutchins, Coun cillor Peirce and Mrs Peirce, Councillor Garton and Mrs. Garton, The Mayor and the Town Clerk of Melbourne were pre vented from going, as they had previously made an engagement to lunch with His Ex cellency the Governor. On Thursday His Excellency entertained the following mem bers of the Viotorian Ministry and Parlia ment at luncheon at Government House : The Hons. D. Gillies, James Manro, J. Dow, F. Walker, and J. Gavan Duffy, and Messrs. J. Shackell, William Cain (Mayor of Mel bourne), and E. G. Fitzgibbon (Town Clerk of Melbourne), The Hon Mr. Paterson, Post master-General of Queensland, was also pre sent. LEGAL PARTNERSHIPS. -It is announced in our business columns that the partnership between Messrs. P. F. Bonnin, C. M. Muir head, and J. B. Muirhead haB been dissolved by tffluxion of time and mutual consent. Mr. Bonnin will continue to practise his profession, and the Messrs. Muirhead will praotise in partnership. QUEENSLAND POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS.-On : Wednesday the Postmaster - General of Queensland (Mr. T. Macdonald Paterson), who is at present on a visit to this colo.ny, had a long interview with the Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) relative to postal affairs. Mr. Paterson asked on what terms Queensland would be allowed to par ticipate in the contract made by the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia for the carriage of ocean mails. He left several propositions with the Minister, which of course will have to be fully con sidered, Mr. Paterson also reopened the ques tionofoneof Queensland's telegraph lines being joined to our system, and suggested that the connection should be made between Thargo mindah and lnnamincka or Birdsville. Another matter referred to waa the desira bility of a uniform rate being adopted throughout the fonr colonieB for telegraphic messages, thus dispensing with the higher charge cow in force between South Aus tralia and Queensland. No definite decision was arrived at on any of the three points, and Mr. Paterson is to have another inter view with Mr. Johnson. UNEMPLOYED IN SYDNEY.-The amount of monfey which has been expended by the present and the preceding Governments of New South Wales upon the unemployed is (according to the Sydney Morning Herald) no less than £138,405 Is. 2d. Of thiB the late Government spent £70,613 17s. 2d., and the present Government has expended £67,761 4s. In the Temporary Supply Bill for the present month provision is made for £30,000 more, and this sum, added to what haB already been disturbed, will make the cost of the unemployed up to the present time £168,405 Is. 2d. A discuBsion upon the eubjeet arose in the Assembly yesterday during the time the Supply Bill was before the House, and, as will be seen from our Parliamentary report, some very curiouB statements were made withrespeot to the unemployed. The total number of men now engaged on the relief works is 4,058, and of these it has been ascertained 941 are arrivals from the other colonies. The Government are consoious of the advisableness of stopping this relief as soon as possible, and short of inhumanity, that ie, leaving men without food, they intend to do the best they can towards this end. Sir Henry Parkes stated that at the present time the Government was directing their attention to opening works which wonld be of permanent benefit, which were required, and to which they hoped to draft off a great number of the unemployed. " BUCHU-PAIBA."-Quiok, complete cure, all annoying kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases. At chemuts and druggists, F. II. Faulding & Co,, Agents, Adelaide. 303v 