TOWN TALK. Tha news matter published on tba fonrth page tbia morning ia "headed" aa follows The Railway Disaster, Another Hugo Gun, Temperance Teaching in State Schools' Frauce and England, Sea Telephoning, and Something Dike a Circue. Renter telegraphs that Mr O'Brien, who is endeavoring to ventilate the Irish question in Canada, lias been mobbed and pelted with stones and other missiles at Kingston and Hamilton. The French ministerial crisis still continues, and President Grevy baa resummoned M. Flcquot to form a Cabinet, lho Imperial Parliament baa adjourned for tha usual Whitsuntide recess, Tho Dnke and Duchess of Connaught have left India en route for Great Britain, ia order to be present at the Queen's Jnbilee ceremonial. Ihe recent arrest of two French officials at Monvreaux.on the Franco.tlerman boundary, has not excited any attention in Paris, and is not likely to form matter of comment between the two nations. A report of tbe legal arguments in a ease relating to the jurisdiction of the hackney carriage committee of the town couocil in regard to the cabstand on the Moorabool. street wharf appears in another column, and should prove of considerable interest particularly to cab.drivers. The case, which was evidently to some extent a test one, consisted of a plaint made under eub-seotion 22 of byo-law 27 of the hackney carriage regulations by John Leahy, a oahman, against a rival named Arthur Savilte, for " wrongfally preventing him from taking a faro." No evidence was taken, the case being dispoasd of upon the preliminary objection that the benoh was not empowered to adjudicate in the mattsr, as the reoently established Btand in Moora bool-street north had not boon mode to extend to the wharf. It was also pointed oat that tho wharf was under tho Immediate control of the Customs department, and the stand taken up by the cabs upon it had been formed only by usage and to accommodate travellers by tho steamers, who would other* •wise bo compelled to walk up the street Bomo distance before reaching the stand established by tbo corporation. Tbe Mayor notified his intention of bringing the matter under tho notice of the Town Council, and an endeavor will in all probability be even tually made to have the present Btand ex* tended to the wharf. Aftsr the net proceeds of the fancy fair recently held in tho Exhibition building in aid of tho building fund of tho Geelong West Volunteer Pire Brigade had been utilised, there still remained o debt of about £200 upon the now station house in Yuille Btreet. With tho view of assisting to raise the balance, a sale of tho goods which remained after the closing of tbe fancy fair was opened in the new station house last evening, in the presenoo of a good attendanoo of the residents and snp portors of the brigade. Mr J. Donaghy, M.L.A., the local representative, was to have performed the opening csremony but he being unavoidably detained in the metro' polls, tho formality Waa undertaken by Captain Ashmoro. The tables, laden with the various artioles of utility and ornament, were attended to as follows ;—No. I Mes dames Aehmore and Reichmann ; No. 2 Mesdamos Amiet, Dirnelow, and Dolley • No. 3 (toys)—Mr B. Payn, Some consider able pains had evidently been taken to ornament tha hall in which the salo was hold, several handsome floral wreaths being distributed along the walls. In tha lower portion of the building a shooting gallsry was conducted by Mr J. Ferguson, Tho - sale will be continued this evening. i The weekly meeting of tho oxeontive own mittee of the Geelong Jubilee Jnveoile and Industrial Exhibition was held last night • present—Messrs G. M. Hitohoook (in ths' chair), Wm, Humble, H. F. Richardson, G I Sawyer, J. F. Tully, F. H. Cooper, J*. 0. Bottomley, T. W. Royoe, J. F. Itahilly, f! M. Douglass, and J. W. Sommers. Corres pondence was road from the Sandhurst oity J council, granting their, patronage and appointing the mayor of Sandhurst as honorary commissioner. Mr J. A. C'urnow, of j Sandhurst, was appointed seoretary to the exhibition. Mr Curnow is the seoretary of the I Sandhurst branch of the Australian Natives Association, and a member of the Executive I Commitfceo of the Bendigo Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition. Tho committoe have j also secured tho sorvioes of MrB. J, Bourke, of this town, in connection with the forth coming exhibition. It was stated that satisfactory arrangements had been made with the lessee to obtain the Exhibition I buildings after the first week in Ootoher, In the list of missing [ri^iuls published in j-esierday's issue of the Polico Gazelle is the ollowing Alick Jones, who left hie home, Xodoog, od the 23rd ultimo. Description**. Hairdresser, 15 years of age, 5 feet high, fair complexion, thin active build, very fond of singiug, and has a good voice ; wore light, grey tweed suit, black soft felt hat, and lace-up hoots." Among the discharges in connection -with the police force of tho Melbourne district is the name of Constable Wtn. Henry Stribloy No. 29X0. Yesterday afternoon Mr James Smalley, a traveller well-kuown in Geolong for tho firm of Messrs VV. Cameron Bros., tobacco manufacturers, in Melbourne, oommitted Baicide at fiallarat by shooting himself through the head with a five-chambered revolver. Mr Smalley was in Oeelong last Friday, and left this town for Ballarat, after transacting a very fair amonnt of business. He went to the Prince of Wales Hotel, in Grenvillesatrcet, Ballarat, and was served with a glass of whisky in a private room at the hotel, and soon after the liquor had been supplied to him a pistol shot was hoard in the room. On proceeding to the placo the landlady of the hotel observed Mr Smalley leaning over the back of a chair, his head apparently much battered, and blood freely flowing, whilst there was a revolver clutched in his right hand. Mr Smalley was dead, but a mediaal man was Bent for, and Dr. Morrison speedily attended. The doctor on arrival certified that death had been instantaneous, the whole of the roof of tho deceased's mouth being blown away, and the bullet penetrating tho skull. On opening the deceased's pocket Book the polico discovered a life assnrsnoe policy lor £500, issued by the Mutual Assurance Society of Viotoria. On tho document was an endorsement, which appeared to have been written by Mr Smalley, as follows :— " My wife's address is The Ferns, Brent-, worth, Essex, England." At the athletto sports held at Melton on tho Queen's Birthday the 130 yards raoe, or Sbeffiaid Handicap, the ficat prizt ia which was £20, was awarded to H. Kohn, of this I town, who, with a handicap ot seven yards, 1 ran into second pleas. The aolual winner I was " T. Harvey, of Bulleagarook,'' who had 16 yards start, but It was proved to the satisfaction of those in authority that he was identical with a runner named Leuoadsl, who resides at Drnmmoad, and who won I oortain races at Taradale and elsewhere recently, whiob, of oourso, "T. Harvey" did not acknowledge in his entry. ] Meetings of creditors ia tho insolvent estates of W, Sine], of Portarlington, laborer, and James Clegg, of Geelong, tailor, were appointed for yestorday afternoon, but at the hour fixed in each instance tho oufy person in attendance at the office of the chief clerk was the assignee, Mr John DavisoD. No debts having thereforo been proved the meetings closed. Tho adjourned charge of wilfnl diso- ' bedience of orderB preferred by James Bell against a youth in his employ, named William John Anstin, was called on at the Poliee Court yesterday morning. Mr T. N. Whyte, the solicitor for the defence, informed the bench that Mr Price, the oonnsel for the complainant, being unavoidably detained on business in Melbourne, desired that tho case should be futther postponed for a week. The application was granted. The magis trates on the bench were the Mayor and Messrs Heron, P.M., Martin, aud Few, Js.P. At the football matoh an Tuesday between representatives of the Geelong and Hotham clubs the takings at the gates amounted to £5G2, which ia the largest snm yet taken for a football match on tho East Melbourne criekot gronnd. Including the members' reserve, it Is estimated that about 20,000 persons witnessed the match. The receipts on the Government lines of I railway for tho week ending May 19£h, 1887, amounted to £41,0951a Id, as compared | with £40.341 9s 4d for the} corresponding week in 18S6. PasBengers, parcels, etc., ■C18.G62 lis 10J, as against £19.476 16a 5d in 1886\. Merchandise, minerals, and cattle, £22,432 9s 3d, as against £20.864 12s lid for the corresponding period in 1886. Aggregate to this dato from 1st July, £2,195,540 9s 3d, as against £2,085,711 13s 81 last year. Weekly average (46 weeks), £47,729 2s 9d, as against £45,341 lis 2d in 1886. Miles open : 1877, i860 ; as against 1743 in 1886. "The South-Eastern Star says " Daring the past fortnight a oonple of strangers of good address visited the various farms in the immsdists neighborhood of Mouot Gambicr, Compton, Yahl, O.B. Flat, Allan dale, and other plaees, selling paokagar, the contents of which proved of little valus. The prioe of the paokat is 2s, and the condition attaohed to the sale was that the purchaser was not to open it nntll about a fortnight from the date of pur chase, when another member of the firm would come round and present eaoh purchaser who had complied with the conditions with a silver vratoh. Strange to say the bait took, and in soms homes as many as half-a«doztn packages were par chased, whioh, on being opeuad, were fonnd to contain some artiole of jewellery worth about sixpsnoe. These sbsrpers fought shy of houses where there were men about the place, preferring to trads on the gullibility of females, which they did to a great orient, as they left two large cases behind them when they left for Casterton, Residents of the Western distriot would do well to be on their guerd against the swindlers," On Tuesday, at the Camperdown atblstin sports, A. M. Dawson (of Geelong) came in second in eaoh of the bloycle races, one distance being two miles and ths other three miles. Writing of the discovery of coal in the vioinity of Apollo Bay by Mr Bignell, the Warrnambool Standard aays that it haB been Bhown a piece of the eoal, which appears ' to bo of first-claBS quality, Mr Bignell says tha he has fonnd innumerable little seams, varying from'2 inches to 20 inches in tbiek | ness. From the pecnliar formation of the country in which these seams exist, he believes they. all proceed in tho one direction, and '"'ultimately "meet . * each other, forming one large seam of coal. Up to the- present time the few enterprising gentlemen who have pro vided the funds for these operations have expended nearly £700, and it is stated that they intend shortly to apply to Government for the ubd of a diamond drill to enable them to discover the situation of the large seam which is supposed to exist in tho vicinity of Apollo Bay. There was another large attendance of the public at the performance given last evening by the Wlrth Circus Company; Mr Wirth | has very kindly promised to give hall the gross prooeeds of the entertainment on Frl I day evening to the Catholio orphanages in Qeelong, On that ooouslou the company intend iutrodnaing some novelties in connec tion with the oircus performances. A report from Fort Myers, F(»,, wbero Mr Edison is sojourning, says that be is working on his sea telephone. Already ho oan trans mit sound between two ve»B»Is from three to four mileB distant from each other, and ia confident that he will be able to inoreaae tha distance between hie stations as the appa ratus becomes more perfeot. Up to the present time Mr Edison has not succeeded in transmitting articulate speech through his sea telephone, nor is this essential to the success of the system. By means of sub marine explosions ho is enabled to form a eories of short and long eonuds in sequence, and by these, ae In the Morse system of telegraphy, words and sentences oan roadlly be tranemitted. The coldest plaoe known is at Workho janck, Siberia, observations made during 1885 giving the mean temperature of the year as 1 degree Fahrenheit, of the moDtb of January as 56 below zero, and the lowest temperature of the same month as 90 below, A Woolwich correspondent states that a grave scandal, similar in some respects t-> that which recently took place at Chatham, has just been brought to light in the Royal Arsenal at Woohvicb. The War department appears to have had reason to suspect that important information relative to the lutest improvements in modern warfare was hading its way from the ordnance select committee, at Woolwich, to a foreign government. Tests and enquiries wore instituted, and these resulted in the arro3t, by the military authorities, of a quarteimaetcr-Berg' ant, who was a confidential clerk in the office of the. select committee. He was conveyed to the office of the district staff to which he be longed, stripped of his uuiform, and dis charged from the army without trial by court-martial; a civilian, who was a col league of the accused, being summarily dismissed. The quartermaster-sergeant had boen in the army a considerable time, was much respected, and would shortly have received a commission. He had a wife and five children, with whom ho left Woolwich ou Wednesday, stating that ho was going to emigrate, For some days past (writes an English paper) the inhabitants of Mumbles Head have been in a state of cxciiemeut over alleged mysterious visitations of ghosts about the Mumbles atter nightfall. It being determiued to fathom the mystery, a num ber of men secreted themselves on Newton Hill. The spectre duly appeared in the ; form of a figure clothed iu white, with blackened face. Hands were instantly laid upon the ghost, who was discovered to be a , prominent member of the Salvation Army, j He was ruthlessly stripped of his garments , andascuud flogging administered, notwith standing his eutreafcies and protestations that it was only a joke. A meeting of tho women and girls of Victoria has been couveuod by tho Mayor of Melbourne, to be held iu the Town-hall at j 3 o'clock ou Friday afternoon, to couaider ; the expediency of adopting an address to tho j Queeu upon the cumpletiou of tire fiftieth year of her reign, which has been drafted by n committee of ladies, including Lady Loch. An Australian Economic Association has just been formed in Sydney, for tho purpose of conducting a philosophical investigation and discussion of tho data, methods, and principles of the science of economics, the compilation of a statistical history of all tho Australian colonies, aud the formatiou of a library of economic literature. Dr. M'Lauriu, the Vice*CbauceIlor of tho Uuiversity, has been elcctsd president, and a strong executive committee has also been formed. Tho dead body of a female infant, wrapped in uewspaper, was found on Tuesday morn^ 1 iug in Hyde Park, Sydney. This is the third case of iufanticide within a week. A meeting of the Soullx Australian Cabinet was held on Monday morning, when the requebt of a large number of members of the House of Assembly that tho Government would adopt payment of members as part of | their policy was cousidercd. It was deoided to accede to the request, and a reply to this effect was sent to a meeting of members hild iu the afternoou. J Great interest is being exhibited in.'the ! publio departments in tho approaching j Public Service banquet, in honor of her ! Majesty's Jubilee, which takes place early in June, and this interest extends to the country as well as the town members. Up-country officers who desire to atteud it must apply for leave in the usual way to the heads of j their respective departments. A shocking mining accident occurred on Monday night at Johnson'* gold mines, California Gully, Sandhurst, Three men, named Henry Hoully, William Double, and Samuel Harry, were sinking a shaft. They fired three hole?, aud came up to crib. They then went down to drill another hole, when an explosion occurred, killing Hoully and Harry instantly, their bodies beiug fearfully mutilated. DeebJe, the third man, escaped with slight injuries. An advertisement in another column an nounces the intended production next year of a j work under the title of " Victoria aud its Metropolis—Past aud Present "—a book illus trative <>f the history, progress, ami develop- | ment of the colony and its chief cities. It is to take the shape of two quarto volume?, illustrated, and is to be published by subscrip tion. The projectors are Meas-rs M'Carron, Bird and Co., and the autliur of Uii- new • history will be Mr Alexander Sutherland, j M-A., who has undertaken tho task in the j hope of supplying a want in colonial literature, 1 seeing that there is not at present iu existence any history of Victoria, though portions of its story have been well treated. The iutendeJ work has received the patronage of a large number of leading colonist?, Mr Wellesley A. Parker is now m Geelong, gathering sta tistic? of our industries and prominent men. I The Hugo Buffalo Minstrel Troupe will 1 visit Geeloug next week, and give two enter- i tainments here on Monday and Tuea!:»y, 20th | and 31«t inst, The troupe have performed in Geelong on previous occasions, and have pro vided entertainments which have been of n most attractive character, and as the members of the company have been arranging new sketches, soDga, etc., it may be reasonably anticipated that they will, upon the present visit, give pleasing variations iu minstrelsy. The name of the jockey who rode tho race horse Barney in the Handicap Hurdle race at I Lara on Tuesday was A. Cleasby, and not A, Christie, as erroneously printed yesterday, This evening a grand sacred concert and orgau recital will lie given in the Ashby Wesleyan church,on the occasion of the formal opening of the new organ presented to the church congregation by Mr George Hague. Ii promiaeB to be a very attractive affair. Attention is directed to Hale in tho Geelong Auction Mart, by Mr Henry Bannister, of ! household furniture and effects, also balance of opossum rugs, mats, and furs; afterward?, geneva, whisky, and old Tom. riale com mences at 12 o'clock, Messrs H, Blomfiold Browa and Co. (Into I W. F. Ducker aud Oo.) draw particular atten- | tion to the sale this day in their rooms, at 12 o'clock, of two valuable town allotments situated in Feuwick-sfcreot, opposite Flinders School, and jut below Little Myers-street, respectively. Tenders are invited by the Post Office department for the conveyance of mails between Dean's Marsh and Pennyroyal Creek . On Saturday next a football match, Fitzroy 1 v, Geelong, will b« played on the Geelong ■ club's ground. Tickets of admission to the enclosure may be purchased beforehand at the places indicated by advertisement. Nominations for a vacancy iu the school boatd of advice for district No. 97, shire of | Bellarine, must be made before four p.m. on the 10th June. It is requested by en advertisement in another column that all persons having sub scription lists for tho Bulli Colliery Relief Fund should return the same to the town clerk of Geelong (Mr F, J, Heath) not later than four p.m. to- morrow We have received, through the local agent, Mr J. C. Milnes, the 10th part of the Picturesque Atlas of Australia. It is the first portion dealing with Victoria, and the illustra- tions are of a particularly interesting cha- racter. Nearly the whole of the advertising spaces for private and public buildings are, we understand from Messrs Niven's agent, taken for the panoramic view of Geelong to be issued aa a Jubilee supplement to this journal, and an application has been made to the Town Council to have the new fernery at the public gardens, as well as the Town Hall, given as centre illustrations to what will unquestionably be a very interesting picture of the town and harbor of Geelong. At an early hour yesterday morning a youpg man named William Cairns, residing at (/bit well, was treated at the hospital for a number of contusions. He was conveyed to the insti tution by some meD, who stated that they I picked him up in the street In an intoxicated condition. 