__ WESI.KVANH AND PjlRHIIYTimiANH. Not long ago tiio Wesloynn Conforcnco was v,R't<JJ IVofesaorH M'Uoimhl and Rontoul, and Mr llalfour, oil behalf of the Presbyterian ABSOIllUly. 1111(1 tlio WlMlovnilB lnn.tri.tl Hu.il. gratitudo by ucoording tlio nervicoa ol thoir moot ciiuiiPiit olcrgymnii, Mr Fitcliutt, nt tlw Carlton TreBbytorinn Olinrali, wlioro bo mcncliod last Htindny mornhitf oii tlio IToly Cliost. Jbo cdngrcgntioii wna thrimgod, BliowingtlintMr l'itcbott won rognrtlcd ub n star. No ninn in Molimurno linn wrmudit. biiuBoir up moro dotormiiiodly thnn Mr Fitohott, from nn ordiimrv prcnclior, with nil tho worries of cireuit, to too ponllloii ofpormn' nout bond of tlio Wcaloynu Lndic»' Collcgo. buch a coiirao linn provoked onvy nuild tlio loss Riftcd iiiuinlicra of bin donmiiliintioii. ovor biiico tho tunc when Mr Fitcliott drat omoreod VvJ.''1" f'10 Cknir Clint, signed by A. Y.A, in tlio Spectator, tlio very backbone of tho paper, and yot tlm management wero so foolish ns to loso hnn, en a trifling taint of pay- incut, when tho linsy Ohnir Clint dcacciidcd to leaded mnttor. Mr Fitcliett drovo up to tlio Oliurah last Sunday H| i n nntty buggy, with n pair of aprnking blnok pmica, so tlint lio la no longer to bo reckoned nmong tlio oxtrnvngnlit Sobbn- tnrinua, n tribute to tlio progrcaa of common v ?"' "wrij juuruui no cmcmi ubwi u> bo pariiculurly sarcastic ou tho arisiocintia cnrrloges from Toornk rolling tip tn the Collins trout Oliurolirs on Sabbath forenoon, but Mr Je itchott bns iiiat coinn back from tlio Gniiul kour of tho C.lobo, nnd bis iniglea nru rublicd oil. lljs sermon was oxtomporo, elovsr. crnmtiietl with mattor, yot hard, dry, ami didactic, without thu faintcBt tiiign of sympathy. It is not givon to any man to sumo in everything, aiul Mr Pitchott's writing IKjwerand administrative power, have. boon purchased at, tlio coat of sacrificing his powor as a Methodist praaoher; wliatover that may po worth, and it is easy to porcoivo that hh had it once, thongh now overlaid with philosophy. Woll, iwrlmps tlio pulpit may bo loft to in ferior nion—porhapB so— much virtuo in por- hai».( Mr litotiott has his reward, very snb- sUntm, nnd onviable, from the Collego to tho Iwlitorinl Sanctum and tho fiouies. Sometimes ono hoars a serniou tlioroughly fitted to nn occasion, and gripping tho congre gation, and yot there is no newspaper pabulum m it, for thu pulpit and proas huvo distinct functions. Mr l'ltchctts eeemcd to have to> much of tho newspaper, so that it did not catch on. Tho work was all from tho outride, never from tho. inside, and tlio preachers manner is far tooolMmiid, although not verging on tho Hippaut. Ho is lo afraid of being sensational that ho goes into tho oppo- sito oxtronie, plays tho ball too much down never lets go, abandoning lumsiilf to tho awful subjects with which lio deals, carolcss of what carping critics may think, or uveu write, bomotimes ho takus tho teapot attitude, spout oxtended and handle bont, sometimes ho places both akimbo, but nothing looks spontaneous; all professorial or tho lecturer. Concentrated upon tho pulpit, Mr Fitchctt would distnnco all tlm competition of tho Baths and Millurds in ins own churah, bub their concentration loaves hint nowhoro, when tho sermon bo- comes only a sulcsliow, amid a myriad of avo cations. Mr Fitohntt's bast illustration was tlio moution of a ennsigmnent lately sent ovor from 1 arts to London, just about a owt. of wedges , of lead, in a deal box, but thoso wedges were charged and stored with electricity, which would lift a million lbs. ono foot. A grand cxmiparisou, this, to the work of the Holy Ghost. Say a MrXitchctt, "Will you estimate tho power in that box by simple snuaro measurement, and counting tho nails? Will you nieasuru tlio spiritnal power of a ChriBtian Ohnroh by counting beads, by tho number of its adherents, and the amount of thu collection, or tho grandeur of tho building thoy havo orcctcd J" This was splendid enough matter for a wholo sermon in this one thought of tho chnrg»xl electricity, so novel, entirely beyond tho grasp of the old Sortnon Text Hooka, your Souths, Burrows, Tillotsons Blftirs, ovcn tho early volumes of Spurgcon Mr "hitchetl, however, stuffs his sermon pudding so full of plums tlint ono can only carry away m memory this ono, nnd another comparison of the Holy Ghost to thoSydnoy tram, which takes you all uboard, and off you go. .Tho envious in his own doiiominntion have hinted doubts of Mr Pitchott's ortliodoxy, and thcrcforo ho senms compelled to labor every point of tho miraculous, insisting upon tho vontnbla act of tfio greatest staggorors in tlio thought,. "Tholndy doth jrrolcst too much, mothmku." No miracle in the leader, but nurnclo piled upon miracle, and topjiliitg dyev in tho pulpit. Yot tlio preacher was cold- blooded, all tho preserved force which was complained of when a distinguished London actor playod in Yedora, and refined away tlio passion into tho commonplace. 