MRS BAEYERTZS MISSION. Mrs Baeyertz continued her mission yester day at the Ebenezer Church. At mid- day the usual holiness meeting was held, and notwithstanding the unpropitious weather there was a fair attendance. Mrs Baeyertz delivered a most impressive address, dealing with the besetting sins of Christians, princi pally pride, bad temper, aud evil speaking. In the evening Mrs BaeyerLz held a special service for men and boys, when the church was nearly filled, especially with those of the middle anil maturer years. The lady evangelist chose for her subject the account of the rich man aud Lazarus, as con tained in the IGtli chapter of Luke, 19th verse. In a most earnest and telling address Mrs Baeyertz dealt with the awful fate that awaited the unconverted, and iu a most touching manlier related instances of the conversion of many men in this colony. She pointed out the terrible responsibilities that lay at the iloor of men who led others into sin. She plainly disproved an existing opinion put forward by some, that if there was everlast ing punishment, freedom from that punish ment could hereafter be obtained. 11l ex planation of the text, where it states that the rich man prayed for Abram to send to his brethieu and warn them of his fate, Mrs Baeyertz said that feeling was not dictated from love for his brethren, but was rather dictated from the fact that the ap pearance of his brethren iu the same place of punishment would only increase his own torment through the knowledge of having first led them to sin. The speaker then made a strong appeal to her hearers to repent while there was time. Continued repellence of the Holy Ghost would lead to the Holy Ghost leaving them for ever. In a feeling way Mrs Baeyertz then related several instances of deathtbed scenes where repentance hail come too late. In the hereafter sin did not decrease but increased, as the check that existed at present was taken away, and the spirit for evil had its full sway. Men were respon sible for their wives aud families. They had the strongest nature, and it was their duty to set a proper example. She warned all those wiio were not converted of the fate that awaited them, and in most soul-stirring language closed her address by calling ou her hearers to give themselves to Christ, who was their only Saviour. During an interval iu the proceedings Miss Thomas sang with market effect the appropriate solo, “ Where is my wandering boy to-night ?” 