AN APPALLING DISASTER. Our readers will be greatly shocked at the news we publish elsewhere of a most appalling disaster which has oc curred off the coast of North- West Aus tialia. A fleet of pearl fishing boats numbering about [fifty appear to have been calmly anchored off an ordi narily safe beach when a hurri cane, supposed to be one of those terrible squalls known as ' willy-willys ' struck them. The result is shortly described in our telegrams. Some of the beats were swamped at once, many others were dismasted and driven out to sea, while a few succeeded in gaining shelter, though in a half wrecked condition ; and out of a total of about 550 persons engaged on the boats the lives of no less than 450 are said to have been lost. No catastrophe so fatal has occurred any where for a long period, and it is the most awful that Australia has ex perienced. It may turn out that the disaster is not so serious as supposed at Perth, as more of the boats which have drifted out to sea may be picked up ; -but this is hardly likely to be the case, as pearl- fishing boats when disabled in any way are not such as would stand well in the open sea. As yet we know little or nothing of those who have been lost, except that the boat owners belonged to Perth, and most of the crews were natives. The latter were no doubt nearly, all Australians, for the engagement of Malays in the pearl fishing industry was given up some time ago on the ground of expense. It is hardly necessary to allude to the loss of the boats except to say that the fleet was the pearl fishing fleet of West Australia, and that the industry has been virtually de stroyed by the disaster. A telegram has been received by Messrs. E. Laughton & Co, from Mr. G. Ii. Debney, advis ing'a fall of 10 inches of rain on March 7 and 8 at Monkira station, and stating that the Dia mentina River was in high flood. .Mr. A. von Doussa has, we understand, de cided to carry on his appeal against the de cision of the court at Woodside in connection with the totalizator case. The appeal will be taken to the Local Court at Adelaide, and will probably be heard within th« n«vf wbaTt nr no. Visitors to Strathalbyn have often remarked on the tasteful way in which the local station master has laid out the ground adjoining the station as a flower garden. Juat now Mr. Adams has a fine show of chrysanthemums, and we have seen some 60 varieties of blooms grown by him. As specimens of natural grown flowers they are excellent. It will be seen by our Sydney telegrams that according to a cablegram received by his Emi nence Cardinal Moran, the Right Rev. De Reynolds (Roman Catholic Bishop of Ade laide) has been created an archbishop. We are tuie that we shall only be expressing the feel ings of South Australians generally when ws congratulate Dr. Reynolds on the high honor which has been conferred upon him. We have to acknowledge the receipt of the . following contributions towards the Bulli relief fund :— ' M. A.B.,' 5s ; the children attending at the Glenelg Public School, 30s.; Mr. F. Golding, jun., £1 10s.; Mr. F. Fairbrother, Fullarton, 2le.; Mrs. Wright, Goodwood West, 5s.; Mr. John H. Snell, Mallala, 6s.; the Operative Bootmakers' Union, £5; J. Curry, 5s. ? ? Y.8.,' Salisbury, £L The following quarantine grounds have been abolished :— No. 17. The whole of section 233, in the hundred of Gregory, ia the occupation of Mr. J. R. Stevens. No. 21. The whole of sections 122, and 123, in the hundred of Willochra, in the occupation of Mr. John Coad. No. 27. The whole of suburban allotment 334, in the township of Wilmington, in the hundred of Willochra. No. 29. The whole of section 171, in the hundred of Willochra, in the occu pation of Mr. J. Forrest. The Coralbignie sheep station, in the Gawler Ranges, containing an area of 1,327 square miles, was offered for sale by auction by Elder's Wool and Produce Company on Thurs day morning. The run was offered at a price per head for 38,000 sheep, the stock, plant, &c;, valued by the proprietors at £1,567 10s., the leases ana the improvements being givenin. The station was sold to Mr. George Wills at the rate of 16s. 3d. per head for the number of sheep mentioned, making a total of £30,875. The Military Staff Office notify for the infor mation of the members of the Volunteer Force that the rehearsal for the review on May 24 will take place on Saturday, May 14, at 4p.m., on tbe Montefiore parade grounds. Blank ammunition will be issued at .the rate of 10 rounds per man at the Staff Office. The dress will be aB follows : — For May 14— Undress and caps, with one pouch to be worn on right side ; for May 24 — Full dress with helmets, if in pos session ; if not, in undress with helmets, ona pouch on right eide, Mr. J. W. Jones (Conservator of Water) is about to proceed, on behalf of the Government, to value the improvements on the leases falling in in 1888. The principal improve ments comprise dams, wells, and appliances for lifting water, and therefore Mr. Jones's knowledge of the works will be valuable. The pastoral leEsees have the right to nominate a colleague to act with the Conservator, and these two may appoint an umpire. Mr. Jones will also take advantage of the opportunity to visit all the water conservation operations ucder his control in different parts of ths solony. A meeting of the South Australian Coasting Seamen's Union was held in the Port Adelaide Working Men's Association Hall on Thursday, April 28. Mr. McGillivray presided. Seven new members were elected. The secretary re ported that the deputation appointed at tha previous meeting had waited upon Mr. Russell with regaid to the rate of wages paid, but no satisfactory settlement had been obtained. Mr. Russell had conferred with Captain Bickers, who refused to pay men anymore than £4 per month. After some discussion it was decided to adhere to the union rates. A vote of thanks was passed to the Federated Seamen's Union for paying the account of ths Adelaide Tog Company with regard to ths Fleur de Maurice dispute. The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. H. Howe) informs us that numerous applica tions have been received for the grazing and cultivation blocks shortly to be offered, and hs believes that the new departure will prove a great success. The size of the blocks which have been advertised ranges from 4,000 acres to 20,000 acres, the rental being fixed at from £d. to 2d. per acre. They are situated in the outlying hundreds. When these have been disposed of blocks will be offered in the land comprised in the schedule, and there are from 6,000,000 to 7,000,000 acres of country available for thiB purpose. The Agricultural Board will deal with the applications, and as residence on the land for six months of the year is incum bent upon the lessee, Mr. Howe, expects con siderable settlement to result. One farmer who was going to Victoria informed the Com missioner that seeing the advertisement he had been induced to delay his exodus in order to see the country offered. The following shows the state of ths Murray, Murrnmbidgee, Darling, Barwon, and Namoi rivers at the undermentioned stations on Friday, April 29:— Murray— ? Albury, 2 feet; Wahgunyah, 2 feet 9 inches ; Echuca, 8 feet 3 inches; Swan Hill, S feet; Enston, 8 feet 11 inches : Overland Corner, 9 feet 3 inches; Morgan, 10 feet S inches. Murrumbidgee— Gundagai, 3 feet 6 inches : Wagga Wagga, 3 feet 7 inches; Hay, 9 feet 5 inches, rising ; Balranald, 12 feet. Darling— Bourke, 22 feet 7 inches; Louth, 24 feet 6 inches; Wilcannia. 32 feet 4 inches; Menin ,die, 26 feet 6 inches; Pooncarie 23 feet 4 inches ; Wentworth, 13 feet 3 inches. Barwon and Namoi— Barwon and Walgett, 8 feet; Namoi, 3 feet 4 inches ; Brewarrina, 7 feet 11 inches, falling; Goodoga, 3 feet 10 inches: Mogil, 4 ieet} Mungundi, 3 feet. In ths preceding list the figures given indicate the height of the rivers above summer level, which signifies a depth of water in sufficient to permit the passage of steamers up or down Our Cradock correspondent, writing on April 27, tells the following strange story :— Great excitement prevails here, as well aa at Carrieton and other places about, on account of a sensational ghost story that has been going the rounds for some time. On Monday night Trooper Mitchell and two residents of this place drove down to see or hear for themselves, and the following is their account of the ghostly visitant:— The scene of the wander ings of the spirit is the Boolcunda Creek, about 17 miles from here, and it appears to confine itself to the cottage of a Mr. Hamdorf, situated on the bank of the creek, about 30 yards from a large waterhole. Mr. Hamdorf and his family were away .in Quorn, having taken there a child of about 7 years of age, for whom the spirit seems to have had a, par- tiality. There were two boys of about 9 and 13 years of age stopping in the hut, and they seemed to take not the least notice of the dis turbance. About 9 p.m., all being quiet, the light was extinguished, and all were on tha qui vive. In a few minutes a great noise was heard as of some one splashing in water oc walking in water. Immediately a knocking commenced at the north-east corner of tha hut. Two of the party went outride and heard the knocking as though inside, but couid see nothing although they walked round the hut. Afterwards Trooper Mitchell went outside and heard tha knocking just as the others had done. They thereupon asked questions and received replieB by knocks, two knocks being regarded as signifying 'No' and three knocks 'Yes.' The information obtained that way was to tht effect that the nocturnal visitor was dead, and had been buried 5 feet under the ground at tha north-east corner of the hut. Mr. Hamdorf, it appears, elicited the same information, ana dug a hole 6 feet deep at the place mentioned but found nothing. The knocks are of much thp Harm* nTiarActar as those eiven bv any ordi nal y person knocking at a door, but on being told to knock hard the 'spirit' makes every thing in the place rattle. The cottage is built of upright pines with pug between. In about an hour the knocking ceased, and the investigators turned in, but not to sleep— that being out of the question. About 2 a.m. the ghost returned and started knocking again. Mr. Mitchell went out and walked round the hut, but could see nothing although the noise was kept up. This has been going on for the last eix weeks, and Mr. Ham dorf has decided to abandon the place. Many lesidents of Carrieton have visited the placa and have heard tbe same noises. Two or threa Bbots have been fired in the direction of tha Ecund, but nothing cama of tham. A party of six were there the night before. Thera is to , be a large party from hara text Sunday night to visit the placa. It may be mentioned that a shepherd was drowned in the waterhole some yean ago. Whatever the cauBe of the disturbance » Trooper Mitchell is convinced that it is some thing very unnatural, and he is a man wtoow word is to be relied on. He intends to revisit the place next Sunday night and have mother talk with tbe invisible being «»-f^ti£f, and fathom tbe myBtery. The ^ost, on bemg asked the distance from the hut to Cradock. knocked 17 times on the wall. The exaot dis tance is 17 miles. 