CRUMBS. Topcoats. Umbrellas. Downpour. A wet May. Loan floated. Glorious rains. Straight down. Speed the plough. Levee on the 21th. The promise of May. Another windfall to Johnnie.a British wheat market hardening. Canon Green is in a parlous state. The Saltan of Johore cannot come. Alas! poor ghost—more rafter capering. £650,0(10 to keep the wolf from the door. Grand weather for agricultural pursuits. The Chief Justice ran after a lord. Oh I Make your " neighbourhood healthfuller." Commons refused to tackle the Thunderer. Jewish colonists will addresB Her Majesty. Old Blood-and-Iron kite-flying for Russia. Good wages being made at desert grubbing. Grumbling gardeners, and in this weather, too. Would recognition in a title make Ireland loyal? The Government Resident a picture of good health. What was our Sir John's gift to H.M,—his photo ? There is no royal road to touch with the people. For singers and medals we send to Mel bourne. Country townships warming up right loyally. Two mere rivers discovered iu New Guinea. Prospect of late wheat harvest throughout Europe. Russia's little game in Afghanistan pro gressing. Wow for a big loud toot over our white elephant. Imperial Conference ended, compliments all round. Another Lord Mayor's banquet to the Delegates. Ten vacancies iu the police force, and 100 applications. Native Industry Committee to have another week's think. How was it that the Japs were allowed to pass Glenelg? Russian Press chuckling over Eugland'a Irish troubles. Assembly members getting anxious about the £200 a year. Our white elephant seems now to ba changing colour. Bear urged to tackle the Lion while Pat treads on his tail. Amir's troops reported to have been routed by the Shinwarrie. Conference Delegates ptesented valuable gilts to the Queen. New Zealand has a growing deficit—more taxation promised. What will tbe Queen do with all the loyal addresses sent her? A South Australian tender is lowest for the Border proof-fence. Adelaide fruitgrowers regularly fleeced by London middlemen. Tbe Bishop of Sydney will spend a week in Adelaide in October. Laying on of hands will cure the spirit rapping at Yanyarrie, New Zealand Ministry recommend a pro gressive property tax. Friend Rosebery wants leading colonists in the House of Lords. France wants peace, but not the sacrifice of ber national honour. Adelaide is not to be honoured by a visit from Sultan Abu Baker. Protectionist Delegate Norton returns home in a foreign vessel. For list of entertainments at Government House see another column. Register's loan message sent from London in a little over tbree hours. An envelope is like a woman. It oan't go anywhere without address. Mattinson's squad of young M.P.'s pledged to go for further protection. Had Sir Jack anything to do with the suc cessful floating of that loan ? Homeward passage of the Ormuz quickest on record—thirty-three days. Too bad that our little C. J. can't have a ran without being laughed at. Parisians getting excited over Wagaer'a German opera of" Lohengrin." A correspondent wants Mr. Hoaner to experiment on the unemployed. Anglo-Australian threepenny-postage rate now within measurable distance. Queen of the Colonial Dependencies is an elastic title. Why not Empress ? The volunteers anxious to dye for their conntry at a coBt of 12a. €d. each. The G.O.M. wants a Committee to sit upon his friend Dillon's falsehood. Banking statistic] illustrate stringency of financial situation of the past year. Protestantism is strong in some things, but not in logic, says Canon Creen. A memorial to be erected in the Cathedral in memory of tho late Dean Russell. Three years in N.T. and not a single day's sickness experienced by Hon. J.L.P. The traitor Dhuleep Singh is ready to help Russia in her designs on India. Hon. Parsons come home with glowing accounts of hie Territory's prospects. Banks are strengthening reserves of coin and bullion and restricting advances. How many cigars, and what quantity of wine will an average guest consume ? The Bishop will look in at the Northern Territory on his way home next year. Imperial Chinese Commissioners being handsomely treated by Sydney folks. No one can accuse Hon. Samuel of writing temporizing and pusillanimous letters. Another evidence of tho progress of the colony—increase of leopardB and hyenas, We must all dye once, but blue dye is the best, say the city and suburban volunteers. Mr. Brown has three parties grubbing at Kmu Flat—500 acreB each, at 10s. per acre. Mayor Lovely confesses that he and the Port Mayor cannot speak Japanese fluently. Our Boss Johnnie doesa't object to H.M. changing her title now that the loan is all right. "He is a brave man who will nowadays start a native industry dependent on outside help." Surely it is unlikely that the Government will adopt the Victorian tariff in its en tirety. Daring the last four years His Excellency has furniBhed 1,103 free meals to invited guests. Hard-up Jacks now clearing out as stowaways to get beyond tho tyranny of their fellows. Why are all the great preachers leaving London—Hebditch, Bevan, and now Dr. Parker? The Legislature of Pennsylvania by enact ment has substituted death by electricity for hanging. " Sir F. D. Bell is thoroughly ashamed of the colonics; they are low relations of his as it were." The Canon says there is a great galf be- j tweon Protestant Dissenters and " The 1 Church." Heads of departments should be prohibited from employing public funds to carry out crotchets. British politicians now acknowledge that the colonials are Dot such muffs as some of | them look. Federation would be promoted by a cheap and uniform postage throughout the British dominions. The inmates of the workhouses in the United Kingdom are to have Christmas fare on June 21. Some adventurers have a notion that it is the business of the PreBB to convey libels on their behalf. "Manufacture of criminals" in Victoria. Is that a new industry—the pride of a pro tective tariff? The strength of the Labour Societies at Port Adelaide is the want of unanimity amongst the employers. One of the largest vignerons has given growers notice that he cannot take their pro duce next year. Was the C. J. in full wig, flowing gown, knee-breeches, &c.;, when pocketing his calm judicial dignity ? Whenever you have some dirty work, ask the editor of the nearest newspaper to do it pro bono publico, First iron steamer, May 8; 1822 IVith future hope 1 oft would gaze Fond, on thy little early ways. Brain sauce generally recommended for teachers. Others in the community are badly in want of a share. The annual report respectingthe schools for the blind should produce a glow of satisfac tion to subscribers. Six thousand five hundred carpenters in Chicago have struck work for deuuad of tho eight-hours system. If thoC. J. C&D; i nn as an amateur porter, why should not Mr. Justice Pater come in at the death aB Sheriff? Brigadier General Wong Yung Ho was a companion-in-arms of General Gordon during the Taeping rebellion. At Cambridge on Saturday Victoria's only Desk in said the only thing the colonies lack is hieh intellectual culture. At the present time there are six recognised Bteam postal services to Australia, and yet other schemes are propounded. Protectionists, who were going to do so much for the working man, want to have the firBt dip into the Treasury chest. Bertie, Cardinal Manning, the C.O.M., and other distinguished Britishers astounded at disclosures by Australia's delegate. Though having probably turned the corner, the Banks are doing the honest aud right thing in providing for contingencies, Frederick Schiller died May 9, 1805 :— I,ecze me on rhyme ! it's aye a treasure, My chief, amaist my only pleasures. Elderly American lady gets £10 for being kissed. More than it was worth, says the payer: worth double, says the payee. Dr. Joseph Parker, of London, has accepted the call to the Plymouth Church, left vacant by the death of the Rev. Ward Beecher, The Canon is more at home with "Court ship," " Uguessagain, and " Piccaninnies" than splitting straws with " Dissenters." Wanted, return from A.D.C. of quantity and quality of Bolids and liquorB disposed of at those 136 special invites to North-terrace. Have the Government arranged the data for the opening of Parliament so as to secure the presence of Sir John on the first divi sion? Perhaps His Excellency would kindly give the public a return of the cost of entertain ing those eleven thousand and forty-three guests. Port and Semaphore children to be " trucked" up to Jubilee gathering in Ade laide for £16. Carriages for adult dead heads. Robert Burns visited Jedburgh, May 10, 1] 87. Up wimpling, stately Tweed Fve sped, And Eden scenes on crystal Jed. The English Church in Great Britain can well afford to raise a few millions when other people pay for their clergy and keep up their Churches. The cutlasses and bayonets now supplied to the British navy are declared to be abso lutely inefficient, untrustworthy, and unfit for service. Government departments possess an in satiable desire to rival the prodigality of the City of London Corporation in the war of experiments. Rain record for first four months of this year over three-quarters of an inch above that of the corresponding period of the wettest year. It would be a good thing, says a corre spondent, if those professing to belong to the Episcopal Church of England were to impose tithes on themselves. Mot having been requested by the Imperial Government to give their opinion, our Go vernment will abstain from pronouncing upon the Queen's title. It is suggested that the Government ap proval to the proposed Fruit Company might be given by a grant of land, under conditions of settlement and cnltivation. If the employers at Port Adelaide should become an .organized body, a court of arbitration would be necessary to Bettle ques tions between masters and men. Scores of wealthy deadheads are carried hundreds of miles on the railways of the people, while the latter's children have to pay to be " trucked" like sheep. The liberality of the N.Z. Government in giving land and granting loans is said to result in inexperienced people building houses and failing to profitably cultivate. An expedition started to discover north east passage, Hay U, 1553 :— An' ye had been wbare I ha'e been, Ye wad na been sae cantie, O. In the Northern Territory His Honor Mr. Pater actB as Magistrate, Judge, and Sheriff. If made a constable he could take a prisoner right through from arrest to hanging. Canou Farrar says that it would be better that Mohammedanism should be carried to the colonies than Christianity, because it waB temperate, and Christianity was not. Out of 2,969,381 votes polled at the late general election in Great Britain, 80,145 were by illiterates, England and Wales having 38,587, Scotland 4,836, and Ireland 36,722. Before challenging the Press, Miss O'Gorman should read what Lord Churchill (who hat an infinitely greater experience of it than she has) has to say on the subject. " Strike the Imperial chord in the colonies, and no sound or vibration results ; strike the chord of human sympathy, and an inBtant thrill goes through the heart of the nation." Napoleon I. died at St. Helena, May 5, 1821:— A man, whose judgment clear Can others teach the course to steer, Yet runs, bimself, lilt's mad career. Organist Warhurst claims for Manchester the honour of assembling the largest chorus on record—80,000 school children having sang before Her Majesty on her first visit to that city. It will be a mockery for us to be celebrat ing onr Jubilee and inviting others to join in our festivities unless we have first done all in our power to place the finances in a sound condition. Silverton and Mount Gambier to Penola railways to be handed over June 1. Time tables are prepared, Will our Luke be in his office to answer enquiries, or will he ad vertise them 1 How John Bull got rid of the sovs.—The huts lately erected at Port Hamilton, which cost £3,500, have been sold to a Chinaman for £80, together with free towage for his vessel to take them away. A well-known newspaper agent in this city has received from New York a paper ad dressed "Adelaide, South America." This is only one of the many instances of ignorance in high placeB. The Americans are the worst offenders in this respect. The Atlantic yacht race was won by the Coronet, which made the trip in 14 days 19 houtB 3 min. 14 sec., beating the Dauntless by 29 hours 55 min. Terrific weather was experienced by the latter. Lord F. Cavendish and Mr. Burke mur dered May 6, 1882:— Is just as true's the Deil's in bell Or Dublin city; That e'er be nearer comes oursel' 'S a muckle pity. The Qaeen has accepted the dedication of the collection of special Jubilee Hymns which will be published by Messrs. .Skeffiogton and Son, London. Among the hymn writers are the Bishops of Ripon and Exeter, Mr. Baring Gould, Mr. Ellerton, and Mr. Stone, author of "The Church's One Foundation." The new tunes are composed by Mr. Barnby, Dr. Bridge, SirG. Elvey, Rev. F. A. J. Hervey, Mr. Martin S. Skeffington, Mr. Walter Parratt, and Dr. John Stuiner. Mrs. Honeywood, of Charing, died May 7, 1G20, had 16 children, 114 grand children, 228 great grand children, 9 great great grand children:— These inovin' things ca'd wives and wanes IVad move the very hearts o' stanes. A correspondent has sent us a poem dedi cated to woman. We give the first verse as a sample. There are several more:— If you treat ber well and kindly, bbe'll prove a willing martyr; But if you vex or scold her, You'll 6nd she is a tartar. 