THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IN CHINA. THE BISHOP OP HONG KONG TELLS THE AFFECTING STORY 03? ITS TRIALS. AN APPEAL TO AUSTRALIA FOR AID. The Bishop of Hong Kong preached in St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday week and at St. Patrick's on Sunday last. The discourse at St. Mary's was a particularly interesting one. Monsignor Raimondi began by describing China as one of the most interesting parts of the globe. The Chinese Empire was the most extensive dominion ruled oy any sovereign or power m the world. The population of China had been by various calculations estimated at about 400,000,000, but though this was by many regarded as an ex aggeration he had himself ascertained by means of accurate information that the population was very little short of 300,000,000. The Chinese, apart from the introduction of the blessings of Christianity which are unfortunately shared by comparatively few, owe little or nothing to Europeans. The Government of that empire was modelled in the first instance, and has been ever since carried on, without regard to any other Government or Power ; the philosophy and literature of China are unique, its arts and sciences are original, and its genius is peculiarly its own with no borrowed lustre from any other land. In a word, China possesses within herself all she needs, and in almost everything she is perfectly independent of the rest of the earth. It is only natural that a nation which owes so little to what is known as European civilization should look with disdain and contempt even on countries which in our own times are considered superior to her. If a com parison were made between Asiatic and European civilization, only in point of the priceless pos session of Christianity could the latter be considered the superior. But it was not to enter into ques tions of this kind that he had sought the privilege of addressing them that day; his object was to lay before them some facts concerning the com mencement and the spread of the faith of Christ in the Chinese Empire. Leaving aside the dis puted record of some Christian missionaries having visited China in the 8th century, it was a matter of authenticated history that in the 13th century the Franciscans, fulfilling a mission from the Holy See, carried the cross to Cambalic, now known as Pekin. These were men of strong faith, of lion courage, and of heroic endurance — men without fear, for whom perilous duty had a fascina tion ; and the labour and difficulty of the holy enterprise of this small band of monks may be to some extent justly estimated by considering the fact that they travelled overland from Italy for the most part on foot, their journey occupying two whole years. When we look at the means of communication between Europe and China even in our own day it is not hard to imagine what those pioneer missionaries must have gone through in carrying the true faith into the em pire which then admitted no Europeans within its borders. Most probably even in this age if a person with all modern advantages in, travelling were to make such a' journey the feat would be recorded in all the newspapers, and as had actu ally been done in many instances, a monument would be erected to commemorate the achievement | yet who even thinks of that long journey of six centuries ago, and who ever mentions the names of those first European pioneers, those brave humble monks to whom Europe owes so mnoh for their researches and discoveries in China ? Those first Franciscan Missionaries were very successful, and the name of Fra Monte de Corvino, the leader of the bandj'is held in blessed remembrance for his great works. A letter written by this venerable missionary which is still preserved is most affect ing. From China he wrote : ' It is just 12 years since I have received news from the West. I am become old and greyheaded, but more through labour and tribulation than through age, as I am only 58 years old. I learnt in the Tartar language and literature the whole of the New Testament, and the Psalms of David, and I have caused them to be translated with the utmost care. I read, I write, and I preach freely the testimony to the law of Christ — in peace with every one.' This holy man died at the age of 80, in the year 1328, after baptizing no less than 30,000 Chinese. After this the Franciscan missions went on for several years, but owing probably to the diffi culty of obtaining missionaries from Europe on account of the many other calls on the Order, and the danger and hardship of reaching China, the few missionaries at work returned, and for a period of two or three years the Chinese were left; without Christian missionaries. As an illustra tion of the difficulty of reaching the field of mis sionary labour in China, there was the case of a devoted Jesuit who, after three years' travelling from one tribe of people to another, died from ex haustion just when he reached his destination. In the 16th century the Jesuits undertook the mission in China, and a new era opened Men of the highest attainments, of universal renown as scientists and scholars, and fired with a holy zeal and piety, these soldiers of the Church worked wonders in evangelizing China, and the names of Ricci the Italian, of Verbist the Belgian, and Shaal the German, should ever be treasured in grateful remembrance for their heroic labours. The first Jesuit missionaries acquired immense influence at the court of Pekin, and this influence they utilized in the spread of the Christian religion throughout the empire. The Church made con quests everywhere, and all the converts were enjoy ing perfect peace. Obeying the command to teach all nations, these missionaries taught the word of God throughout China, establishing churches and schools till religion wa3 flourish ing in every province. But as it too often unfortunately happens success in a good work work excites re-action, and persecution came. The mandarins, jealous of the power and influence of the missionaries, inflamed the popu lace, and charges were made against the mis sionaries of introducing false and fatal doctrines into the Empire in order to displace their ancient philosophy and destroy the nation. Roused by the mandarins and officials, the pagan fanatics commenced a most bitter and cruel persecution : churches and chapels were fired and destroyed, buildings were torn down, thousands of converts were massacred, and the missionaries who escaped death were banished from the Empire. At that time it looked as though Christianity had been uprooted in China, and it seemed an impossibility that any Christians could be found there. But Christ in giving His command to ' go and teach all nations/' added ' Behold, I am with you always.' This promise of Our Lord was indeed truly verfied in this instance, for from the ground, moistened by the blood of martyrs, sprung up thousands of new converts and new Christians. After three years of persecution peace came and a treaty proposed by the French was secured for the first time. This treaty was con firmed in 1860 and it has been observed to the present day. Now the Church in China is in her second period — the period of organization. Till now the work of religion was carried on by some single missionary going here and there as besfe he could. But now the Church has divided the Chinese Empire into ecclesiastical provinces. Centres of communication and clerical agencies have been established all over the land, and so well is everything arranged that if a circular were issued from any given place it would go all over China in two months reaching every district. Bishops have been appointed over 18 provinces, and when too large these provinces have been divided and a Vicar Apostolic appointed. There are now altogether thirty bishops, and the missionaries include not only the Jesuits and Franciscans, but also the Dominicans, the Augustines, the Vincentians, and other Orders, and all the great European seminaries are repre sented. Each bishop has a certain number o£ missionaries. Altogether there are about 500 European missionaries, only one beingEnglish. Each Vicar Apostolic has a seminary in which to prepare the native clergy for the priesthood. There are no less than 400 native priests now working under the guidance of the European missionaries. The Catholic or Christian popular tion of China is 700,000— that is, in the Empire proper — but in what is generally spoken of as China the number approaches 2,000,000. Each bishop subdivides his diocese as any European bishop does, and each native priest divides his district with a lay teacher. The organization is so complete that it would be impossible now to walk a distance of 50 miles in any part of China without meeting a native priest, a lay teacher, or a European missionary. Some of these divisions are so- large that the poor missionary is compelled to travel all the year round from village to village. It is most affecting to witness the joyful scenes when the missionary is in a village. The poor Christians for a whole week will abstain from work and devote themselves entirely to religion and preparation for the missionary's visit, and when the priest come3 their joy is unbounded. The priest is everything to these Christians ; he is the judge, the magistrate, the peace maker, and while he is among the people, be sides officiating at the weddings and the bap tisms he settles all the quarrels and disputes. When the priest is leaving the village, the grief of the poor people is uncontrollable — they cling to him and implore him to stay. Statistics which he (Monsignore Raimondi) had in his possession showed the modern conquest of the Churchy in China, the usual conversion of adults yearly being not less than 20,000 This is not all. There is another harvest which is reaped by the Church in consequence of the cruelty of the Pagan Chinese. 33very year large numbers of little girls were abandoned by their mothers in a barbarous and superstitious custom. Attemps are made to re present this wholesale destruction and desertion of infants in. China as an exaggeration but it was too horribly true to be denied. It may be forbid den by Chinese philosophy, but it was an undoubted fact. Only the Catholic reli gion has any power to check this cruel custom. If any Pagan Chinese woman is asked how many children she has killed or sold she will invariably answer without shame two or three, but a Christian Chinese woman is horrified at the very mention of the crime, and after con version to Catholicity several women have gone to great trouble in getting back the little ones they had sold in the Pagan custom. The Church is powerless to prevent this terrible and inhuman crime, but all that is possible is done to rescue the little ones. 30,000 infants are baptized yearly. It is true the great part of these poor forsaken little ones die in a year or so, some sooner, but those ?who survive are well cared and trained and edu cated in the convents by the Sisters, who share the tmalsand tribulations of thejmissionaries, and they live very often to be the best of Christians. The present condition of the Church in China may be appropriately compared to the fourth cen tury of Christianity— the period of the basilicas — when the Church after the persecutions came forth from the catacombs. So will the Church in China very soon came forth before the world strong and beautiful. What is specially needed is the accommodation for prayer and public worship such as is afforded by churches and cathedrals. At present the missionaries and their converts have to be content with small rooms and ordinary dwelling houses. The Chinese are an imaginative and an impres sionable people and the absence of the religious pomp and grandeur associated with a Catholic cathedral is a drawback to conversion. The Chinese Christians have not yet the true idea of the House of God, and they can scarcely believe there are such noble temples as St. Mary's. The erection of such structures would elevate their minds and give them a nobler and grander idea o£ their religion. Some small churches have been Isuilt on the coast of China, but churches and cathedrals were wanted here and there throughout the land in which the imposing ceremonies of our holy religion may be carried out. Hong Kong being the great emporium of commerce and the centre of communication with Europe, it was decided some years ago to build the first Chinese Catholic Cathedral there. The funds in Hong Kong being required almost entirely for the main tenance of the orphanages, an a.ppeal was niade to Europe and America, the intention being to sculp ture on the walls of the cathedral the names of the places from which aid had come, and so teach the Christian Chinese a lessson in the universality of the Church to which they belong. The name of Australia is not on those walls yet. From America and Europe .£30,000 was received, which was thought sufficient to complete the work. Great difficulties and misfortunes, however, presented themselves, and the work is now at a standstill, the walls being finished ; but the roof is still to ha contracted for and the building is quite useless. Shall we cease from working and shrink from the difficulty of completing our work ? Never ! We have dedicated this work to the glory of God, and by God's grace we will carry it on to completion. At the time we were in sore trouble the letter came from the pastors of the Australian Church assembled in Council in which the most kind and sympathetic feeling was expressed towards the Church in China. The thought occurred to me that Aus tralia might by Divine Providence provide the means of keeping us out of our trouble. At first there was a thought of sending out a young native priest, but he could not be spared, and at last he (Monsignore Eaimondi), though barely recovered from an illness which had prostrated him for several months, and feeble with age, made up his mind to come out to Australia, and ask for help even if it cost him his life. He . was happy to say that the sea voyage and his sojourn in Sydney had restored his health, ao much so, that ho felt strong again. He had not lost much time since his arrival ; for he had already visited Mait land and Armidale, and he would not be able to delay long, for his poor Christians were waiting for him. He felt the pain of separation acutely, after being with them as their father for 28 years. He loved his gpoor Christians with a paternal love, for they are his spiritual children, and he was anxious to get back to them to cheer them with good news. They had been loyal and faithful to him ; they had stood by him in every trial and danger; and they had drunk of the chalice of bitterness to the last drop, and not a few had shed their blood for the faith. We have no means, and that is why wo ?ask you to come to aid us. I do not (said the Monsignore in conclusion) ask you to share our persecutions or tribulations ; only to give your mite, each one to help us. And when our Cathedral is roofed I shall gather my flock there, and we shall have hymns of joy and \- thankfulness, and I shall take the little orphans there, and they will hold up their hands and pray r'or their benefactor a. Fcr myself, I can offer you no return but my prayers. Be assured I will pray for you with all my heart, and I now ask of God to bless you in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. 