NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Mr. W. G. Dangar is about to pay a visit to England. The death is announced of Mr. R. L. Murray, formerly M.P. for Inverell. The Carcoar railway station buildings and platform are just being completed. During the year 1886 the total railway traffic from Bourke amounted to £128,069. Mr. Woolcott, for many years town clerk to the Sydney Corporation, has sent in his resignation. Theintercolonial eight-oar race between New South Wales and Victoria has been postponed until May 28. The roads between Cobar and Nyngan are in a terrible condition, whereby the mails are greatly delayed. The Sydney Paper-chase Club held a race meeting at Canterbury Park on Saturday. It was not a success. The Olivette won the Handicap Race in connection with the Sydney Canvas Dingy Club on Saturday. " Mr. Melville is the only man in the House that Sir Henry Parkes fears,'" said Mr. Osborne, in Bulli, last week. It is not true that Bertrand, of the Kinder case, has been lately liberated from gaol. He is at present in Maitland. A little girl named Linda R. Fletcher was killed near Maitland by a cart in which ebe was tiding falling on her. The well-known Australian firm William Watson and Sons has been converted into a limited liability company. Mr. O'Sullivan intends to move a vote of censure on the Premier for daring to invade what he considers his territory. The new reservoir at Prospect will cover 1260 acres of land, with a storage capacity of 11,000,000,000 gallons of water. The Customs duties collected at Wilcannia lor January and February were £1026 6s. Id. and £2141143.7d. respectively. Mr. Miller will discharge the duties ol Under-Secretary for Public Instruction during Mr. E. Johnson's absence on leave. The Commercial, PaBtoral, and Agricultural Association are about to present a petition to Parliament in favor of land reform. Bertie Cortis, Bon of the member for BatbnTBt, vras thrown from his pony on Saturday and one of his arms was broken. The total Customs collections for the year 1886 amounted to £2,242,213, or at the rate of £2 43.9d. per head of the population. "Tommy Dodd," an aboriginal, has been sentenced to death, in Port Darwin, for the murder of a native boy named Palmer. Sir Henry Parkes called Mr. Abbott's swearing himself in as a member before the House was legally constituted " a farce." The Flood Relief Committee of Queensland have received in all £7725. £2300 has been expended, and nearly 400 families relieved. A movement is on foot in Brisbane for the establishment of an University for Queensland in commemoration of Her Majesty's Jubilee. The New Zealand Government have decided to proclaim the day fixed for the celebration of Her Majesty's jubilee as a public holiday. The quantity ol wool exported from New South Wales in 1886, seaward and overland, was 173,985,6401b., of the value of £7,028,596. " Found drowned" was the verdict at the inquest on the body of the boy W.G. Phypers, who was drowned in a waterhole at Waverley. The Sydney Citv Council intend to frame an address to Her Majesty the Queen on the occasion of her celebrating the fiftieth year of her reign. Sir Henry Parkes intends to visit Wallsend and others centres of that colliery district, where he will inquire into the commonage system. . They do sums in adding, multiplying, &c.;, in the Surveyor-General's Department, Queensland, by means of a French calculating machine. Mr. J. M'Elhone intends to go in for retrenchment in the salaries of the Speaker, the Chairman of Committees, and the heads of departments. The services of six temporary clerks of petty sessions at the Central and Water Police Courts, Sydney, will be dispensed with after April 30th. It is intended that the tug pervice for the northern harbors and rivers shall be conducted by the pilots and their crews in the Govern tnent boats. The Bank of Australasia has declared a dividend at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum, after carrying forward and placing to the reserve £23,000. The residents of the Charters Towers district have forwarded a petition to the Attorney- General of Queensland against the proposed separation scheme. The Full Court on Saturday upheld the conviction of C. W. Forbes, sentenced to seven years' hard labor for frauds on the Sydney City Corporation. The Colonial Treasurer contemplates the erection of three new jetties at Circular Quay, and also extensive wharfage improvements at Woolloomoo'oo Bay. The Presbyterian General Assembly of New South Wales have drawn up a congratulatory address to the Queen on the occasion of the jubilee year of her reign. According to a well-known London financier, the cool reception of the Queensland loan in London should not be without its lessons to the Australian colonies. Parliament is to he asked to give their approval to steps to be taken to mark in a fitting and permanent form the centennial of British rule in Australia. Three little children were burnt to death in a fire which occurred at the house of a farmer named Amos Smith, near Armidale, during the absence of the parents. At the Mayoral luncheon in Sydney, Sir Henry Parkes said that one of the first measures to be brought forward by the Ministry would be a Local Government Bill. Sir Julius Yogel proposes that the colonies conjointly should purchase all the cable lines connecting them with England. He sets down the probable coet at £5,000,000. A young woman named Nellie Farmer attempted suicide a few days since by jumping into the water near the Woolloomooloo baths. She was suffering from the effects of drink. The ocean yacht race under the auspices of the Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club, from Farm Cove to WolloDgong and back, was won by the J. S. Poyen, with the Assegai second, The first law term for 1887 closed on Saturday. Several gentlemen were admitted to practise the legal profession. Mr. James Con way Gannon wa9 admitted as a barrister. A fire took place in Sussex-street, Sydney, on Sunday last, whereby the contents of a restaurant occupied by Louis Dupont were destroyed. The damage is estimated at £200, In Queensland, a man named Hall, a surveyor's assistant, has been lost in the bush near Boulia, since February 22. The police are unable to find his tracks in consequence of floods. It is proposed to hold a conference of the president of the Central Boards of Health in the different Australian colonies to consider the establishment of a joint federal quarantine station. The necessary arrangements for opening the line from Hornsby to the Hawkesbury are now in course of completion, and it is probable that the line will be opened officially on or about April 5. In consequence of a number of coolies being employed on Queensland plantations, the Netheilands- India Government have made the engagement of natives for foreign countries a criminal offence. A bill to eetiblish a Customs tariff on the principle of unrestricted freedom in the development of the industrial and commercial interests of the colony is a part of the Government programme. The Queensland Government has decided to bear its share of the deficiency which has arisen through the default of the South Australian Government to contribute to the cost of the protectorate of New Guinea. A man named Sorrenson was found on the Gympie-road in a pool of blood. It was ascertained that he had attempted suicide by opening the veins of each arm. He was removed to the hospital, and is now recovering. Mr. Wall, M.L.A., will bring before the HouBe shortly a question of general commercial interest. He wishes to introduce a bill to enable assignees of fire insurance policies to sue persons in their own names. The Presbyterian General Assembly has appointed Revs. Dr. Steele, Dr. Geekie, Dr. Cameron, A. Gardiner, and J. Laing to draw up a congratulatory address to her Majesty on the occasion of the jubilee of her reign. According to Mr. Coghlan, the newly appointed Government statist, the population ol the city of Sydney and suburbs on December 31 was 332,709, of whom 132,846 were resi dent in the city and 199,863 in the suburbs. A young girl named Sarah Muddle lost her life iu the Allyn River under painful eircumstances. It appears the girl had to cross the river with some other companions on a log, and becoming giddy she fell in and was drowned, The Colonial Treasurer has dec'ded to reduce the staff in the Government Printing Office, being of opinion that much of the work done should be sent to private offices, and that much unnecessary printing can be done away with. A verdict of 50 guineas, with costs, was awarded at Newcastle to a man named Maher, belonging to Cooranbong, for having been falsely locked up at the instance of Mr. Russel, storekeeper, on a charge of issuing a valueless cheque. The total value of imports into New South Wales from all sources for the year 1886 amounted to £20,983,548, or £21 7s. lOd. per head of population. The exports of produce for the year represented £13 2s. lOd. per head of population. At the municipal luncheon in Sydney, Sir Henry Parkes explained a Local Government Bill to mean—"That all those matters of government which could be performed locally by the residents of particular districts Bhsuld be so performed." A young woman named Gray committed Buicide at Marrickville, Sydney, last week. She took a quantity of carbolic acid, and in spite of the doctor'^ efforts lingered in agony until her death. Disappointment in love is the supposed cause. The question whether Mr. Abbott could, as member for Wentworth, take his seat in the Assembly inthe face of the fact that the writ for the election had not been returned, occupied the attention of the House for a long time. The Speaker ruled that he had no right to be present in the House. A deputation from the Sydney City Council waited upon" the Premier asking the Government to introduce a bill granting the council power to construct or purchase or otherwise deal with a system of tramways in the city. Sir Henry Parkes promised to bring the matter under the notice of his colleagues. Mr. John Dunn, one of the leading storekeepers of Dubbo, was thrown off the platform of the down mail train whilst going full speed on Saturday night, near Springwood, and marvellously escaped being smashed to atoms. He, however, struck a grass bank, and, beyond a severe shaking and stunning, is otherwise uninjured. Bishop Hadfield, the Anglican bishop of Wellington, recently met with a rather severe accident by falling downstairs head foremost, a distance of some 20ft. He was insensible for some time afterwards, and received severe bruises and some internal injury. As he is 73 years of age, and in frail health, the severe shaking may prove serious. Hanlan has signed articles to row Beach on the Nepean for the championship of the world on November 26. The R.M.S. Yaletta, from London, has on board two of Clasper's best sculling boats, one of which has been built specially for Beach for biB coming match with Hanlan. The other is for Neil Matterson. Both boats are presents from Mr. T. G. Muir. From recent returns we find that on 16 of the principal railways of the United Kingdom with a total of 13,950 miles open, there were 321,056 persons employed. The gross earnings of these companies amount to £62,331,100, equal to £194 per employe. On the New Srnth Wales lines iu 1885, with some 9933 employes, the earnings were £2,174,368, equal to £220 per employe. The first meeting of the botrd appointed to carry out the provisions of the Yine Diseases Act was held a few days since at the boardroom of the Colonial Secretary's office. Mr. Charles Moore, chairman ; Dr. M'Kay, Mr. F. Ferguson and the secretary, Mr. G. J. Martin, were present. It was determined to advertise in the Sydney and Melbourne papers for a competent person as inspector. A man, apparently in a dying condition, was found by Dr. Gay in the bush near Trangie. He gave hit name as John Wilson. The doctor had him conveyed to the Trangie railway station and sent from thence to the Dubbo Hospital. Wilson stated he had lain eight or nine days in the place where he was found without food, water, or shelter. His recovery is doubtful, as he is an elderly man. An action for slander was brought in the Newcastle District Court by Mary M'Namara, a young unmarried woman living with her mother at Bullock Island, against Robt. Ting, coal trimmer. The damages were laid at £200. Medical evidence showed that the plaintiff was a virgo intacta, and that certain allegations could not be true. Judge Wilkinson was satisfied that there had been slander, and awarded £30 damages with costs. All mails from Sydney to Brisbane are now heing carried overland. The postal authorities in Sydney state that the line is completed between Brisbane and Wallangarra, a distance of 231 miles, and between Tenterfield and Newcastle, a distance of 382 miles. The 11 miles between Wallangarra will be completed in about two months. Iu the meantime the mails will be conveyed over this gap by coach, and will be forwarded from Newcastle to Sydney hy steamer. A welcome item ot news iB that the Steamship Owners' Association of Australasia have called upon all the captains in command of steamships now running on the coast for reports on collisions and the precautions necessary to the prevention of such disasters at sea. " By this means," we are told, " it is expected that much valuable information will be furnished by these experts which will enable the association to deal with this very important matter at an early date." Bankruptcy petition for compulsorily winding up the affairs of a newspaper lately published in Newcastle is notified to be heard in the Supreme Court, Sydney, on the 18th instant. Cowan and Co. are the petitioning creditors, and all others interested are invited to appear. Wages to late employes are still unpaid to the extent of over £500, and it may be desirable for these persons to do something toward an early settlement by liquidation. Their case is particularly hard. Avery suggestive scene occurred recently on board the Rosedale, just as she was leaving for Sydney (says the Manning River Times) A storekeeper in the town happened to see a pewon on board who owed him an account, and as it looked as if he were going to take his departure, the storekeeper rather indignately asked him if he were going to Sydney. The reply was, "Yes." "What!" exclaimed 11 t owe? 8^ r« v »' k Yes," p was f y° , , b e the P v o r e cool you u rejoinder, a w h a t " what my credT?" "" y° PP^ We (Manning River Times) w h are e n informed u fito on reliable authority that a man named Hogg who has been inthe Macleay district for a number of years, stockriding and making himself otherwise useful, and who married a daughter of the late Mr. Campbell Kerr, of Kempsey has just come into a baronetcy. Whether there is much money attached to the title or not, we have not heard. The last occupation iol lowed by the now Sir William Hose we understand, was that of barman and gene- H o t e ,' . - F r e d r i c k t o n A marvellous escape from death or mutila tion occurred at Mount M'Donald on Fridav" Two miners, named Emerson and Matthewson were at work in the bottom of a shaft drilling a hole previously fired. The priming only however, had exploded, leaving the charge (two' plugs of dynamite) intact. The charge suddenly went off, and the two men, along with the ground they were standing on, were shot up the shaft lor a considerable distance. Thev escaped with severe bruises and cuts, some of which are considered serious. They were able to walk to their homes. The new duties imposed by the late Government yielded a gross revenue of £356,000 for the nine months in which they were in operation. The ad valorem duties gave a return of £277,226, about £23,000 less than the estimated amount—a fact which may be attributed to the decline in ihe imports, estimated at fully 10 per cent. On the other hand, the yield from the new specific duties would appear to have been rather under-estimated, as for the nine months they yielded about £80,000 where the estimate for the year was £91400 or at the rate of £68,500 for the three-quarters! In the Legislative Assembly last week Sir Henry Parkes, in answer to Mr. Frank Farnell who inquired whether the Colonial Secretary intended to take any steps whereby the hours of attendance of civil servants might be lessened, said that he could hardly be supposed to have the same amount of knowledge as his hon. friend of the inconvenience experienced by that class of gentlemen. As to whether any alteration would be made he was not in a position at the present time to say; but wouldsay this, that the matter should be considered both in the interests of the civil servants and, what appeared to him of more importance, in the interests of the public. The other day a young fellow in the Bathurst district rode a hundred miles to obtain the consent of the father of the girl he hoped and expected to marry, she being at the time under age. The parson was in waiting to perform the ceremony, but when the expectant bridegroom returned it was found that he had only a verbal consent from paterfamilias. This the parson refused to accept, but informed the young man that if the father would telegraph his consent he would not object to make the pair man and wife. The young fellow was so incensed at having his ride for nothing that he refused to send the wire, and as a consequense has to remain unmarried. Where to put the nightsoil is a question still troubling the Newcastle Council, and keeps turning up in fresh places like a ghost that will not be laid. The council obtained the reserve at North Waratah, three miles away, and have lately been burying the city nightsoil there. A protest has been signed by a great number of residents at or near the spot. They complain that the carts rumble at night, and that disagreeable odors are emitted. Others allege that several fever cases are due to the deposit, and that the effluvium is even causing sickness in the public schooL The aldermen had folded their bands and gone to sleep over this matter, but now they are being rudely awakened. The Macleay Herald of March 6 says :— "Among the many unpleasant relics'that the late flood has left, is a frightful plague of mosquitoes, the district being actually alive with tbem. They commenced their operations on Sunday evening, when they arose in great swarms from all the surrounding swamps of Kempsey, and the low lands that were covered with water during the late rains, especially the marshes in the vicinity ot the show ground. Unfortunately they are showing no signs of evacuating the town, and it is not likely that they will do so until the cold weather sets in. Many of the oldest residents of the £owb say that they have never seen them so bad for the last 25 years." Mr. Howard Hodgkin, a delegate from the British Labor Bureau, has written to. the Trades and Labor Council, asking whether they would have any objection to a scheme whereby suitable persons would be brought out to the colony by English money, and at the same time English capital used to employ them for some time after their arrival. He asked for more definite information as to the proportional number of those out of work in some of the leading trades in Sydney, and as to the length of time they had been out of employment in the last 12 months. It was resolved not to give the delegate any further information unless he was prepared to publish the whole labor reports from the council. The late Under-Secretary for War, Lord Sandhurst, boarded the training-ship Vernon for the purpose of making a personal investigation of the system pursued there in reforming criminal boys, of which he has heard a great deal. He made a very careful examination of the ship's books, and searchingly traced, out the career of a number of lads from their committal for various offences rt the, police courts to the present time. In some instances this represented a period of over 10 yeai% and some surprise was manifested at communication being kept up for so long a period. Sis Lordship, who is evidently a keen observe made a very gratifying entry in the ship's visiting-book as to the result of his investigation. Although the Minister for Justice will be dispensing with the services of a large number of petty sessions clerhB* assistants in June next, it is to be understood that all new appointments will be made from the ranks of those who maybe discharged;.JEven at the present time a number of vacancies have to be filled, and in every case the appointments will be made from the present staff. Amongst the vacancies now existing are three clerkships in the office of the Curator of Intestate Estates. The chief of these vacancies is that of clerk and accountant, and it any of the present employes of the Department can satisfy the Minister that he possesses more suitable qualifications than any other applicant, the office will be conferred upon him. We (the Shoalhaven Telegraph) regret to record the death of Mr. Henry Ison, of Calymea Creek (Saltwater Creek), near Burrier. It happened that Mr. Ison was taking the winkers off a young but usually quiet filly with which be had been ploughing during the day. The winkers were got over one ear, when the animal pulled violently away. Mr. Ison held on to the winkers, and, having a hold somewhat over his reach, he was pulled off his feet and lost his hold, when the animal kicked out at him and literally smashed the right temple in. Mr. Ison was old but active, and usually farmed his own land. No other than his wife, who must be over 70 years, witnessed the sad occurrence. Mi. Ison was 74 years of age, yet withal a man of extraordinary activity. A fine sample of what is said to be a new variety of bearded wheat may be seen at the Lion Flour-mills, Kent-street, Sydney, Mr. Thomas L. Coombe, the manager of that establishment, having recently imported a small shipment from South Australia, which be is disposing of for seed purposes. This variety of wheat was introduced into South .Australia about two years ago, and has proved successful there, being a large cropper, and arriving at maturity before any other sort. The cars are large and well filled, and the grain is clean, weighing 65lb. to the bushel. It is said that, with proper care and management, 50 or 60 bushels can be grown to the acre; and the wheat is also said to be rustproof, although that point has not yet been practically tested. The bore sunk by the Tiffin auger on the road Bourke to Wanaaring, about 30 miles to the west of the Wairego, and in which such a splendid Bupply of artesian water was struck on Febrnary 21, at a depth of 942ft., yielding at the rate of 4000 gallonB per day, is now down 962ft., andthe water has increased to the volume of 33,000 gallons per day, or 1375 gallons per hour, of pure .fresh. water, sufficient and good, not only for stock, but for human use. It will be remembered that last year it was proposed to stop goiDg down any further ; but Mr. Slee, Government inspector of mines and superintendent of diamond drills, recommended, for thfe credit of the Department of Mines and the benefit of the public, that the work should be 1 gone on with. The gratifying results are now made apparent. The Mortyne divorce case, in which Nellie Mortyne,'the actress, was petitioner, was sgain before-tbe Court in Sydney last week. Two points had been reserved for consideration. The grounds for dissolution were desertion and adultery. The judge was perfectly satisfied with the evidence of the latter, but reserved points of domicile and desertion. Mortyne, also an actor, retired some time since, and recently carried on a grocery business at Annandale, near Sydney, and was living with a woman who passed as his wife. He. was born in America, bat for the last fourteen years travelled in the different colonies. As he had'expressed a determination to settle, the judge held this sufficient, and- granted a rule nisi for the dissolution of the marriage ; costs agaist respondent, who did not appear. The' policy to be pursued by the Parliamentary Opposition during the present session was the subject of considerable discussion at a recent .meeting of the members in tbe Parliamentary buildings. It was determined to offer strenuous opposition to any attempt to repeal the Customs Duties Act. The Opposition, however, recognise that the fiat of the country is against protection, and they have determined not to adopt an aggressive policy. Their outside propaganda will be still more active than before, but they will not attempt to furtherimpede the movement inside tbe Houap. The members sitting on the left of the Speaker are said to be all pledged protectionists, but so far from indulging in any factious opposition, they will merely perform the usual functions of an Opposition during the present session. # Some of the belles of Coopernock, we (Mansing River Times) are informed, considering Monday laBt too hot for their feeble frames to endure; agreed to have a splash in the water, and haviiig attired themselves in bathing dresses went into the Lmsdowne some short distance from town, in a quiet, secluded corner. Their enjoyment was running mountains high, when to their horror and surprise a gentleman m blue, wearing black boots and a white cap, appeared on the iscene. The looks of astonishment exchanged hy the fair ones as they stood quiet motionless in the water, fearing inBtantaneous death, as the good-natured officer told them of : the offence tbey were committing by bathing so close to the road, can be better imagined than described. Having performed his duty he took bis departure ; when the girls quickly decamped. The Minister for Works is still engaged in considering tbe propriety of running a morntraih to -the south. He has directed the officials'to revise the time-table, and that is now being done. The Minister does not anticipate that it will be necessary to interfere either with the running of the express train or the mail train. When the express train was instituted an agreement was come to with the Victorian Department that no alteration should be, raaile jn the running of that train without the sanction,of the authorities of both 1 departments. The idea of the Minister is to I put on an extra train, and he thinks it possible to obtain so large a saving in the running of other trains as to almost pay for the new one contemplated. Mr. Sutherland thinks also that tbe train will create traffic for itself, and soon become as remunerative as any of the other trains. Mr. Bowman, one of the Colonial Exhibition expertf, who was appointed to make an exhaustive report on the wool exhibits in the Exhibition, says that the samples of wool displayed in the Adelaide court were most tastefully arranged and effectively shown. He highly praises the models of sheep, and adds that the samples from New Zealand were firstclass in their classification and scientific in their arrangement. The Victorian samples he commends for their splendidly-fine quality and the length of the staple. These recommendations combined with the softness and the lustre of the samples entitles them to be placed in the premier position among the wool exhibits. The whole of the samples from New South Wales are stated to have been of a very high standard. The samples from Queensland are stated to have been very good. Some of them were of exceptional beauty. The unemployed are nightly parading tbe streets in Sydney. Last Friday evening about eighty Domain loafers gathered, as usual, near the statue and marched in the direction of Parliament House, where they intended to make a demonstration. The police, however, intercepted them and sent them off. They carried banners and torches and an effigy of Sir Henry Parkes on a gallows, also a coffin and small devices emblematic of the death of local industry, and bearing inscription ?, " Give us bread," " Fair wages and eight hours," 1 etc. It was intended to go through the form of burying the Premier in front of Parliament House, one of the number being attired in white to represent a clergyman. The procession afterwards went through the streets begging for meat at butchers' shopB, but as they got no encouragement, they afterwards retired to the Domain to rest from their exertions. At the Water Police Court, Sydney, Elizabeth M'CloBkey was charged with being drunk and using indecent language. In spite of her protestations and plea that she was " an old woman now, and unknown to the court of late," the old girl was "sent up" for a short term. One of the sergeants, with a sigh laden with pleasant remembrance, remarked to a reporter, " Ah ! well do I remember her 24 years ago. There wasn't a man in the foorce dared attempt to take her single-handed. Sure, I well remember her when M'Guinness, bne night—being young and only lately joined —and she howling and yelling down by Pompey's Pillar, tried it. Well, he soon saw he waB overmatched. What did she do on the ground when he went to handcuff her but throw her legs around him, and there she clung. M'Guinnese could not get free from her till the hubbub brought about six of us to his rescue—for rescue it was. She was a fine woman, and it's a pity to see her led to the lockup like a lamb." Further particulars (says the Brisbane Courier) are to hand in regard to the fatal accident which occurred at the Morven railway station a few days ago. It appears that about 6.30 a.m. one morning a man was discovered lying under some loaded trucks between the rails.* He was lying in such a natural position that at first sight the man who discovered him said, " Good-morning, ma'e," thinking he was sleeping, but on examination he was found to be dead. His head was almost completely cut off, only a small portion of skin and flesh on one side holdiDg it on ; the little finger of bis right hand was cut off, and his right arm smashed up by tbe shoulder. At the magisterial inquiry held before Mr. H. Carter, J.P., it was elicited from the stationmaster's evidence that the loaded train had been shunted to where it was about half-past 1 that morning ; so that the unfortunate fellow must have met his death then. He was identified as Thomas Pillar, whose brother, Mr. Joseph Pillar, is, it is stated, editor of the Tenterfield Times. The Mackay Mercury records another drowning accident at Reliance Creek, some 16 miles away on tbe north side. George Vines (the deceased) and Joseph Cooke, were coming into town. On reaching the creek, which was half flooded, Cooke, being the younger man of the two, elected to cross first. He succeeded in this, but with considerable difficulty. On getting to the other side he waved his hand to the deceased as an intimation not to cross. Apparently Vines mistook him, for he at once proceeded to enter the creek. He did not get far before his horse stumbled over some stones, and turning right over was washed with its rider .down the creek. Cooke at once dismounted from bis horse and entered the creek, with the intention of helping his companion. He saw the deceased clinging to a bough in the water, and beard him say, "Come on, I shall be drowned." At this moment Cooke's trousers uufortunately caught in some obstacle, aud by the time he had freed himself the deceased bad disappeared. He leaves a wife and family. The body of the unfortunate man was found about 150 yards below the crossing. A peculiar case has cropped up about the total isator iu the shape of a notice having been served on the Dunediu Jockey Club demanding the refund of a sum of money invested on the machiae. This has been done to test the status of it. The particulars are not yet made public, but they are somewhat as follow :— According to English racing custom a return of moneys can be demanded over wagering by the losing party, provided such demand be made before the money held is paid over. The claimant in the case contends that tbe machine is a stakeholder only, and that he is entitled, according to law, to a return of the investment, inasmuch as he backed Mirella in the Consolation, by putting £22 on that horse, which he loBt. He accordingly, in writing, demanded a return, prior to the moneys being paid out. The club took no notice of the matter, so a writ is to be served on it, to recover the same at law. Should the verdict be in favor of a return of the money, it will be given to a public charity, as it is not done to make a capital from it, the case being only a test one. One of tbe leading lawyers of Dunedin has tbe matter in hand, and be seems pretty confident that he can upset " the machine that never lies." Mr. Charles E. Jeanneret was called upon last week, at the sitting in Banco, in the Supreme Court, under a writ of quo warranto, at the instance of Charles Moore, one ot the defeated candidates at last municipal elections, to show cause why he should not be ousted of his position as alderman of the city of Sydney, on the ground that whilst he was holding a civic office he was " engaged and interested " in a contract with the council, and that at the election of aldermen, when he was declared duly elected, the returning officer allowed a number of persons to vote illegally on behalf of firms and partnerships. It appears that under the Sydney Corporation Act there is [no provision for persons recording votes as representatives of firms, although under the Municipalities Act votes are allowed to be given by people who are joint owners of property. It was contended that Mr. Jeanneret, being the lessee of the municipal wharves at the end of King-street, was interested in a contract within the meaning of the 14th section of the Sydney Corporation Act. Their Honors expressed some doubts regarding tbe application of tbe section to tbe case as it stood, thinking that there must be a conviction and penalties enforced before the ousting. They subsequently declared the election void. An attempt at outrage on a young lady in Newcastle has been made public. It appears that many couples sauntered on the beach, enjoying the moonlight one night last week. A favorite resort is near the ladies' baths. There six or eight coupleB walked or sat. One couple remained after the others had gone, they not noticing their departure. Then a rough fellow appeared on tbe scene, and being much bigger and stronger than the lady's protector, the bully tried to frighten him away, sayinghe wanted the lady himself. He used disgusting language to explain his intention. The youngman pluckily defended his companion. The brute gripped her hand and tried to drag her away with him. The youth struck him with a light stick, but the other mastered him, took the stick, and threw lumps ot rock to drive the young man away. The youth, however, again tried to rescue the girl, and after several struggles got her away. The brute followed them and another struggle ensued, but being then near a public place the brute desisted, and the pair escaped. The young lady has since suffered from nervous excitement. Nothing but her gallant young guardian's courage saved her from outrage. She states that while the struggle was going on she contemplated rushing into the waves to escape the ruffian. This happened at 9.30 in the evening, and the case is in the hands of the police. The great difficulty which has long been experienced in moBt retail store, hotels, and other establishments where a large number of small cash payments are taken, has been to provide an efficient check on tbe employes who receive money, as all the plans hitherto devised have been admittedly imperfect, and have left tbe door open for fraud on the part of employes who might be dishonestly inclined. The National Cash Register, an ingenious little machine, recently introduced fron» the United Slates by Messrs. John Mills and Son, seems, however, to a great extent to provide for this difficulty, as by its ase fraud becomes almost impossible. The machine, which is very compact and haudBome in appearance, is intended to be placed on the counter of a store, in full view of the public. Although the mechanism is extremely complicated, the working is very simple. When a sale is made, one of the keys in front of the machine, which are marked with money values from a halfpenny to £5, is pressed to indicate the amount of the sale, and this is at once nhown on the g'aes frame in front of the machine. A bell is rung at the same time, the cash drawer thrown open, and the amount of the sale registered on one of the wheels inside the machiue. At the close of the day's business all the proprietor has to do is to read off the amount of tbe sales registered inside the machine, and compare it with the actual amount of cash in the drawer, which must correspond. The machine is a marvel of mechanical ingenuity, and should prove of great service to retail shopkeepers. The Minister of Justice, Mr. William Clark", has received a long communication from a medical officer at Gunnedah, detailing a horrible case of butchery. If the particulars disclosed by him be true, tbe most stringent measures should be taken to bring the perpetrators to justice. It is alleged that at a neighboring town a young girl was near confinement. A doctor was called in, and after having performed an operation cn the patient, she died. The geatleman furnishing the report was wired for, snd when he arrived be lound that a most difficult operation had been performed, which would only be justified in the most extreme caBes and when other medical men were present. On ticking inquiries the doctor alleges that he discovered that the operation had been performed by a 4in. carpenter's tool. The father and mother of the deceased girl are also said to declare that when the gentleman whom they first called in came out of their daughter's room, after having performed the operation, " he was smothered in blood." The matter was reported to the coroner, but no inquest was held. On receiving this communication, Mr. Clarke immediately wired to the district coroner to know why he had not held an inquest when the circumstances of the case were so suspicious. We understand that action will be immediately taken to ascertain the troth or otherwise of the allegations contained in the report. [An inqnent has fiince been held, and the depositions forwarded to the Minister for Justice. The papers received by the Minister not only exonerate Mr. Canney, who performed the operation, from all blame but place his conduct in a most favorable light.] With reference to the telegram recently received by the Colonial Secretary from Mr. John Strachan, setting forth that Captain Francis Cadell, of Sydney, had been murdered, and his ship destroyed by fire, by order of the Rfljah ot Ellora, aud the correspondence which has taken place consequent upon the receipt of that telegram, we have received the following information from Captain Carpenter, who resided for some years at Amboyna, and who has a knowledge of the murder of Captain Cadell, and the trial and execution of his murderer. He points out that Mr. Strachan must have arrived at an erroneous conclusion as to the date of the occurrence, imagining it to have been recently, whereas it took place at least eix years ago. Captain Carpenter's account is as follows :—Captain Cadell was murdered at a place called Alloa Island, by his own trusted servant, a Manila man, who shot him in the head with his (Captain Cadell's) own pistol, whilst he was lying in his bunk. Notwithstanding tbe wound, Captain Cadell grappled with the assassin, and probably would have overcome him but for the assistance which the Manila man received from the other natives. Captain Cadell was on his way to the northern coast of Australia to bring cattle for the Dutch Government. The vessel was called the Troie Amis. It was a schooner, and had formerly been a steamboat. This vessel was destroyed, and the Manila men took possession of the ship's boat, which was recognised by Captain Carpenter, and the Manila man taken into custody on the charge of murder. The trial lasted for a very long time, but eventually the prisoner was found guilty and hanged on a gallows erected outside the Courthouse. 