The Mysterious Bell-ringings. (Conch/fled.) In short, Vanderiyn was completely beaten, and began to wonder if there really were ghosts. By ten of the evening, after he had answered the goblin's ring a dozen times, be was in a state of considerable mental excitement. Tho hint of Pilkington, tbat there was something strange and evil in this family, began to disturb him seriously. Was it Anthony Taillefer's spectre which thus, perhaps, avenging some mortal wrong, disturbed the house ? Had the man really been poisoned? If so, who? what cause? These internal questions became so disagreeable that he sought to stifle them by talking to the widow and gazing into her wondrous eyes. Her calmness nnder the manifestations, her sweet and almost gay cheerfulness, so natural to a pure conscience, did much toward s re-assuring him as to her blameless. neBs and his own happiness. "It is a seriouB business for me, this bell-ringing," she said. "It may diminish the marketable value of the house. And I fear that I shall be obliged to let it. 1 ' Was she in pecuniary straits ? Vanderiyn thought of his three hundred thousand dollars, and wanted to roll them all at her feet- Perhaps he was only prevented from offering himself to her at once by the refleotion that she had been but one month a widow. Had he known her thoroughly, be would have known that there was in that fact no oause for hesitation, but also he would have known enough to make him recoil from such a proffer. The young man passed a wearisome and yet ludicrous night. It.waspitifally oomical to watch that] vast bulk of Pilkington's roll aboDtthehonseinsearob of the bell-ringers, causing the firm floors to creak nnder its ponderous transit. On tiptoe Pilkington ooald not go; his weight-would have crashed the toes of a megalosauras; he must tread on the full, ouehiony breadth of his elephantine pedals. Onoe he lay down, with many short-winded groans, to look nnder a door and spy the next room. But his stomach and hips kept his head at an altitude whioh prevented him from seeing anything; and very soon the recumbent position brought on a spasm of suffocation whioh tnrned his yellow faoe to an awful orimeon. It cost Vanderiyn a laborious minute to restore the giant to a sitting position on the floor, and another to place him upon the sofa. After reoovering suoh breath aB still belonged to him, he proceeded, in a tone of some bitterness, to speak of Mrs. Taillefer. And there xhe lies upstairs, sleeping as calmly as a baby. Do you suppose she cares because we are making a night of it on her aooount? Not.a.bit of it. She thinks of herself, that woman does ; she's liko all the rest of her sex; they are as selfish as oats. Just like oatB, Mr. Vanderiyn—soft, purring, ely, eelfish, oruel—that's precisely the phrase, Mr. Vanderiyn—selfishly orael. Think of their own oomfort,'and their own nioe fur. Nothing else—nothing else." . " Are yon not rather severe, at least, on Mrs. Taillefer ?" remonstrated the young man. Pilkington hesitated: he groaned with refleotion. We may as well suggest frankly that he wishsd to detach Vanderiyn from the widow, while he did not oare to have her know of his efforts to deprive her of a pos. Bible suitor. "A -word with yoa, sir," he answered, when he had taken his resolution, " a. word with yon in striot and'friendly oonfidence. Honor of a gentleman, Mr. Vanderiyn?. I feel an interest in yoa, and want you to bewail informed. This woman,. who is now sleeping eo sweetly upstairs, h&B.; always alept through other people's trouble. She is Beh)t?hne6B inenrnatr. Her mother vrns a 1 widow and poo:; she starved herself io iurnish her Diane with dreasep ; f-he positively killed herself with insufficient and improper food; and Diano, the pretty -[kitten, hi her do it. Then came Anthony Tailltfcr'e turn. After a cat lias eaten one mouse, she muf.t have another. When Tuillefcr fell in Jove with this {-irl and mr.rried lur, he had jurt succeeded to his fnther'rj estate and waa trying to fitt it to rights. He held on to the family mansion, hut he was living economically, He told his circunibtances to his betrotbed; be told^hcr that he could not nfford above five thousand a year for household expenfes; he ae-ked her to aid him in paving until tho plantation mortgages should be paid. Of eonrBc, ohe promised ; oats always promire." Here Mr. PJJkm£f on uticrod c sigh which was well suited to the nature of his tale, but which was probably meant to express no more than his sorrows or twinges. " What did F.holdo ?" He proceeded. "She began to eat Taillefer juf-t as bhe had eaten ber mother. He must give splendid parlie?; he mutt give receptions he must have a gallery of pictures; be must buy a newcarriage; be must take her North. As for dresscb, jewels, and all tbat sort of thing, he muttn't stint her. If be did, oh, wasn't he cruel I and didn't she pay him for it I You and 1, Mr. Vanderiyn, don't know exactly how husbands are bullied and governed. But tbey are 5 we know that. Tallefer was. was a kind-hearted, well-meaning fellow; he wanted other people to be happy ; he hated to cross his wife. Sbe found oat all that, and she had no pity on him. She ate him up calmiy and prettily aa she had eaten her r ther. He got deeper in debt every year; I know how it went with him; I am A broker. At last, of courFc, the end came; but beforo it reached him, he stepped oat; ye?, eir, stepped out. Haven't the least doubt of it, Mr. Vanderiyn. Strychnine. Couldn't bear to hear himself called a bankrupt. Perhaps couldn't bear to tell bin wife that he had no more money for her. Both are likely. He was high-toned and he was eoft-hearted." Mr. Pilkington closed his narrative in the abysses of a profound sigh. Vanderiyn began to see things by daylight. Herewas a fat,old Ulysses in love with a young syren; aware of the perils of her enchantments, and yet unable to cec&pe; from them; warning others from her iele, solely that he might remain ber only victim. For it was pretty clear that, notwithstanding Pilkington's bitterness against the widow, he was desperately in love with her. Ho railed at her; he Cold the savage truth about her; yee, but be wanted her for his wife. In this enrions epectacle Vanderiyn began to take a philosophic interest, which diminished hie own infatuation. The yonng man's eyes being opened, ho made discoveries. From a word or two dropped by Pilkington, ho inferred tbat the deceased Tailefer had borrowed largely of that gentleman and had not repaid. Another discovery, Vanderiyn remarked on tbe expense of burning gas all night throughout so large a building. The sulky response was: "It won't coet Jmr anything; nothing coats her much." So Pilkington was still lending. As to the bell-ringing, he discovered nothing, cxcept that they could keep him awake. What with waiting for noiBeB, and dodging about in vain search for their cause, neither of tho men got any sleep. The next morning their lustreless eyes and haggard faces presented a strong contrast to the fre6hnesB of Diane Taillefer, as Bweet and cool as a lily from the dews of a summer night. Vanderiyn was almost angry at tbe bland good-humor with which she smiled at the story of their vigils, and, by way of protest against her ungrateful lack of sympathy, he went off to his hotel after breakfaEt and took a nap. Daring the day he met old travelling comrades, and they, knowing his Eocial position, introduced him to their friends. Within a week be was in sooiety, visiting people who knew Diane Taillefer. Everybody who wae anybody knew Diane Taillefer; everybody, too, wanted to talk about her. Public opinion was very positive as to tbe merits and demerits of this remarkable young woman. She was beautiful; yes, but sbe was heartless. She was chatming, she was bevrilubiug j yes, bub olie hud no uympatby for others. She was a born queen of society; yes, but sho ruined those who loved ber. Everybody knew that she had sucked the life out of a mother, and then had sucked the life out of a husband. Yet there were plenty of women who envied the fame^of this fascinating vampito, and plenty of men who seemed willing to offer their heart's blood for her subsistence. Tbe faok that her widowhood exoluded her from society was to her rivals a keen joy, and to her admirers a matter of loud lament. " It is a cruel joke on her, this mourning," said one of her best friends—a lady of high fashion—to Vanderiyn. " There she iB, on a temporary funeral pyre, for a husband whom she was glad to get rid of because be could not support her in the style that she needs. Thero she is, debarred from hunting the millionaires whom sbe wants." On the whole, the yonng widow's character suffered more than it gained at the hands of Mrs. Grundy. She herself oontribated to her own defamation by keeping ap her usual expenses, although her insolvent husband had not left her a penny. This woman, strangely deficient in moral perceptions, never could understand the justice, the decornm, or even the wisdom of paying a debt. At a creditor who asked for his money she stared with haughty astonishment, only slightly mixed with irritation. If a shop-keeper hesitated to trust her further, she conoeived tbat he had grossly insulted her, and turned her back on him with annoying contempt. The doors of a house whioh she did not own she ordered to be closed in the faces of p&ople; whose claims entitled them to say that they did own it. " I don't know how she will oome out," remarked the intimate friend above mentioned. " I fear that sbe will require two or three men at once to support her. And, you know, tbat sort of thing seldom ends well." While Diane Taillefer wanted to be trusted by every one, she trusted no one. When Pilkington invested for her some ready cash which she had kept out of the estate, she took his receipt for it with a phrase whioh was worldly wise, but the utterance of which was orael. " In matters of business," she said, with' a smile, " it will not do to oonfide in a business-man. In other affairs he may bs a selfsacrificing friend; but, as soon as it comes to basineas, he looks out for himself. 1 ' The circumstances which most injured Diane Taillefer was tho hell-ringing. This strange annoyance, which soon became known throughout tbe city as a " spiritual manifestation," so thoroughly captivated and bewitched the popular orednlity, as to make it aooept any phantasmal figment :whioh might seem to aooount for it. It was soon reported that the bells were rang by Anthony ^Taillefer's ghost; then oame a suspicion that tbe haunting spirit had some wrong to avenge; then arose whisperings of poison.. By negroes ? That, in tho opinion of New Orleans, w&b; always probable. By Diane Taillefer. People looked at this question; no one wished to ntter it. The body was taken from the family vault, and traoes of strychnine were found in it. Bat at this point the investigation was arrested by Pilkington, who brought forward strong probabiUtiesof suicide. He showed the ecuniary affairs of the deceased: had long SBen in.a hopeless state; . he produced a note in Taillefer's handwriting, wliioh spoke of. " seeking Baroease of trouble in death;" in short, he kept the affair oat. of the oouris., Nevertheless, the rctndal Cutv blow to Dir.ne in more wo ye the Aflcr the uccccfcJ, through J'ilkicgtoii'ri r.drnirable management and liberal lcniifi, in k&vinp; tbe house for herself out of l be insolvent esUte, sbe found that it bed bccomc valueless as a piece of property. She oould not live in it lor lack of measR, i:nd f?bc could Lot jeDfc it bccduse it was hnuntrd. Another fatal incident was ih&t; her old fidmirery were perverted by (hr. poj-i itr prejudice. It began to eccm uuhkoiy ih&t; any cf the wcDllhy young men of New Orleans would many a vromfkn who had become known as a "husfcand-hiller." Fxcm ihe time th&t; this blatting epithet £>incd curriiicy in sccicty, the retirement of her wiflou'liocd was not ad«>rne-d by sin/rlo flirratiurc, excepting the affairs with Vanderiyn and the brrktr. Xj:o New Yorker was tempted by this dcnr:erou3 and brilliant baU. The fact that it was cWgerous rendered it almost as fascinating to him as thn fact that it was brilliant. We feuow liov/ youth loves adventure* ; how it longs for tbe ideal and tlo unheard of; how chivalrous and generous it is; how capable of self-sacrifice; how hungry for pleasure; how reverent of beauty. In the history, character, and person of Diane Taillefer there was what promised to satisfy all youth's craving- impulses. To Vacderlyn's senses and epprecistion she seemed to fill the air around her with an odor, or a taint, of bewildering temptation. In spite of the warnings which he had received, in spite of the dread and even aversion for her with which tho breath of society occasionally affected him, be could not belp longing to possess her. At last he was distinctly offered his choice, whether he would t&kc; or refuse the altering prize. He was alone with D'ane in her p&rlor.; After the manner of his sex. be was lounging faom place to placc in tbe room, now stopping to glance at one of the old pictures on the walls, now fingering the bronzes on the mantel, now turning over the leaves of an album, hut all the while t&lking.; After the manner of her sex, she sat tranquilly uponi sofa, waiting for bim to approach. He was thinking of his longings and her beauty; she was thinking cf her necessities and his fortune. " Thanks," she said, with her most bewitching smile, when he at last took a seat beside her. " You have flattered the pictures and brocz2S long enough. I want to engage a moment of your attention for myself. " Oh, but you have all my moments, yon kno??," be answered, lightly. She heard him without emiling, her elbow resting on an arm of the sofa, her facc supported and partly hidden by her hand, her eyes fixed on the floor with an expression of melancholy. " Let me be seriaae," she murmured. " I am in pressing need of your kindest consideration and counsel. Yon will forgive me for imploring thus much of you. 1 am driven to it." "A woman is so helpless 1" ehe sighed, still playing upon the chord of masculine pity for feminine feebleness. If I were a man, I could face my embarrassments. I could plunge into the world, and carvc out success, or at least safety. As things are, all that I cfen do is to accept one man's help or another's" Her voice was music; it lulled and bewitched him. Ifer eyes were msrvelonely beautiful and pathetic; they seemed to plead for his soul, and to obtain it. "A roan's terms are so hard!" she went on. " He will save the woman whom he pitiea on the sole condition of possession. Such a salvation has been proposed to me by a man who is horrible, who is disgusting. Ah, it is worse than death, such help 1 'Tell me, shall I accept it? Shall I marry Mr. Pilkington?" Vanderiyn was crazed. The thought that this woman was aboot to be taken from him made her suddenly precious. The idea of seeing so much beauty surrendered to such bestial ugliness drove him to long to rescuo it, at no matter what eelf-saorifice. He was on the point of extending his hand to tako hers At that instant tbe bell rang. The clear tintinnabulation vibrated through his spirit like a warning from the ether world. All at once lite seemed ghostly to him; he believed the moment in the interference of (supernal po were; an i mpalee drove him to trust his future to the guidance of fatality. If I find any human being at the door," he said to himself, " I will marry her." Without glancing at Diane, he rose, crossed the room as stealthily as a spectre, and opened the door. No one was in tbe hall; the bell-wiro was still trembling; he opened the outer door—no one. When he came back, his face was almost deathly pale, bat he looked firmly into Diane's eyes, as he said; "I have no conn, sel to give. In tbat case," Ehe replied, with a flush of desperation and anger, " I shall follow the advice of the only man who is my true friend. I shall marry Mr. Pilkington." A few months later Vanderiyn, lounging over the files in a New York Club, read the announcement of the/narriage of Diane Giroudeaa Taillefer to J. D. Pilkington, both of New Orleans. After a while Vanderiyn learned that Diane was ones more a queen of society. The enormous fortune of her hnsband enabled her to display a sumptuous elegance of dress and hospitality which crashed all competition. Even tbe high-bred aristocracy of New Orleans submitted to the insolent domination of Mrs. Pilkington. Once he met her at Newport. She be* witohed him anew with her beauty, andgrace, and affability. Not a suspicion of vindictiveness or even coolness in her reception of him: She noted that he bowed to her in spirit, and smiled upon him for it. She seemed to hfm incomparably charming. Then came the war, and with it a suspicion that she might be sharing in the ruin of the South, but no positive knowledge. Finally, Vanderiyn returned to Louisiana, as colonel of a New York regiment, in Banke's expedidition. At Fort Jackson he learned, from a Confederate prisoner, that the well-known broker Pilkington had died a bankrupt months previous, and that his widow had disappeared from a society which was even then falling into poverty-stricken decay and con* foeion. An evening or two after his arrival in New Orleans, he went alone to the Taillefer mansion. The moonlight showed him the huge building as we have described it—a sombre forbidding, hopeless, relentless pile, its doors nailed up and its windows barred.. Ab he gazed, a citizen lounged by. Some conversation took place as to the deserted house; then Vanderiyn inquired about the bell-ringings—had the cauee of them been discevered? "Oh, the ghost business,"replied the other. No 1 no satisfactory explanation; it was always a mystery. I never knew of another thing whioh was such a complete puzzle to evorybody." Presently a carriage passed clowly, and Vanderiyn perceived in it a brother officer, evidently in A state of intoxication. By his side sat a woman. She leaned forward and surveyed the mansion wiBtfnlly. He heard her say, "That was once my house." The officer rudely slapped her on the shoulder, with a dranken laugh of goodhumored incredulity, and a taunt of fearful, though unmeant cruelty. " You women always have some such trash to tell ;;go talk to the'marines." As she fell baok in her.seat, with.a pathetio gesture t>f anger and^espair, Vanderiyn lost sight, forever, of the now haggard features, the almost obliterated beauty, of Diane Taillefer, C^ 