Mudgee. ?Febhtjahy 12. 'Wo are now in the thick of the election fight. Ere this reaches your readers the contest will have been decided, and we will be once more jogging along in our own steady way, as if there were no such things as turmoil and dispute over free trade or protection. Since my last Mr. R. J. Black has- arrived and joined Messrs. Taylor and Haynes on the free trade ticket, completing the bunch of three. . Opposed are Messrs.' Carden, 'House, and Wall, forming the protec tionist party, sc that the fight will be perfectly straight T, _4 ? .»,,_ xl ? ' ? Jl a.\ ? tvt_ a ? *j.1 ? j ? a * ? £\~z— __ J *.\ ? ueiwceu uirec auu uiree. jaoiw 'lioBUUiuiag uus, tuiu. uitt strenuous efforts of either side to keep the main issue before the electors, it is extremely probable that the vote will be divided — that is to say, some of both sides will suc ceed in getting in. For instance, Mr. Rouse will command a strong contingent, who always supported him, and who are composed of both freetraders and protectionists.. These will go for him straight, simply because he is & local man of good position, and they believe lie will make a good member. Mr. Taylor's chances are very good. The general opinion is that he will take his old position at the top of the poll. Many there are who award Mr. Wall that position, out if he succeeds in getting in at all he will sur prise many more. Tho candidates are all away just now working the electorate, but return to- night or Monday to bo in readiness for Tuesday, when polling takes place. At the nomination on Wednesdsy they all got a fair hearing, and it was only when some free and independent under the influence of draughts of ' Broombeo ' considered that his opinions ought to be heard that any interruptions took place. The whole of the candidates speak well, and it has been remarked that it is many years ago since the electors had such a choice. The two new men, Messrs. Black and Haynes, have made a very good impression, the former gentleman by his clear, calm, and logical reasoning, and the latter by his evidently wide knowledge of the underground working going ou for come time past, and by* his liveliness and quickness of repartee— a quality which goe»a long way to make friands in a crowd. As it stands just now, no one can seemingly tell who will be the three chosen. It is to be hoped that whoever they will be they will be the three best, and da us and the colony credit. One tiling may be said while on this matter, viz., the electorate is far too extended an one to be fairly canvassed in a week. For instance, the free trade bunch, have been travelling about from place to place ever since Wednesday, by night and day (fortunately, there has been a brilliant moon), and they will not be able to visit over half the centres in the electorate before polling day. The trip to Rylstone had to be made by coach, as the railway arrangements would not suit. On their return, about 6 o'clock a.m., after doing a journey of 32 miles, they started again at 8 for Hill End, 60 miles off, over a rugged and mountainous road, which had to be done in the day, speak ing at two places on the journey. The candidate who in tends to work this electorate thoroughly need not be delicate in constitution. They are all announced to speak at different places in town on Monday night, so that next week will start with two days of life. The general interest taken in the election has oversha- dowed the revolting disclosures made at the inquest on the body of the infant found dead in the new cemetery on Tues- day week last. The adjourned inquest was held on Satur- day last, before Mr. W. D. Meares, J.P.. and Jane Cupitt and her daughter, Amelia Cupitt, were present in cus- tody. It was given in evidence that the daughter Amelia Cupitt gave birth to a male child about three weeks ago, at the house of a nurse named Mrs. Schmidt, who lives at Flirtation Hill. That on the Saturday before the finding of the body, the mother and daughter came in a spring cart to Mrs. Schmidt's, paid her for her services, and took the child, which was then in robust health, away, saying they were going home to Cooyal, where the elder Cupitt resided. They were seen in a cart before they arrived at the ceme- tery grounds, the younger woman carrying a bundle like a baby in her arms. They were also met after passing the cemetery, coming out of the bush to the road, and they had then nothing like a baby with them. The portions of clothing found on the body were identified by Mrs. Schmidt and another woman who made them, as belonging to and taken away with the infant. The cart was tracked off the road, along the cemetery fence, to a point opposite where the body was found, thence it diverged towards the main road. Both the women denied the confinement, or any knowledge of Mrs. Schmidt or the baby; After a brief consultation, the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against the two prisoners, and they were committed for trial at the Assizes, to be held in Mudgee on April 4th. No bail was allowed, his Worship intimating he would let them know afterwards whether he would grant it. Mr. A. H. Cox, the Returning Officer for the sheep dis trict of Mudgee, has reported that the following gentlemen have been duly elected to the board: — Sheep directors : Messrs. A. H. Cox, V. J. Dowling, S. A. Blackman, H. A. Cox, and It. Rouse. Pasture and stock directors: Messrs. AV. G. Bell, W. H. Lowe, and J. D. Cox. A most extraordinary occurrence, or rather series of occurrences, is reported from CooyaL rivalling the old story of the Cock-lane ghost, or as perhaps many of your readers may remember, tiie house in West Maitlaud which many years ago was nightly assailed by showers of stones. It appeal's that there is a family at Cooyal whose name is Large, and wherever Mrs. Large— who by-the-way is a delicate old lady— may be, stones, some of them of a largo size, drop around her. Inside or outside, it is all the same. Strange to say, the stones leave no mark where they fall, and in one instance a large one fell on a little child, who did not appear to notice it. Several gentlemen have sat with Mrs Large, but the missiles dropping around them produced such a sense of insecurity, that they were glad to move their quarters. The effect on Mrs. Large is rapidly wearing her away, and the poor lady is in a constant tremor. Whoever is working out the joke, if joko it be, they are doing it well; but, for the sake of society, and tho exposure of imposition and fraud, it is to be hoped that they will be discovered. 