OUR CORRESPONDENT LETTER. Teetulpa, February 19, Early on Friday morning, permission having been obtained from the occupants, work was resumed on the business sites behind Badger's store. Several holes bottomed at depths varying from 7 to 15 feet gave only the color; but from a hole near Jonas's butcher's shop a second grand prospect which I saw " panned off" went over two li weights." In a remark ably short space of time all the spate ground within a considerable radius was marked off, and sinking was commenced ?with hope-recruited energy. So eager were the men to obtain a "show" within "cooee" o£ the "golden hole" that the street was again rushed ; bat the warden, who was on the spot, reserved it in the interests of general traffic. A rumor being afloat this morning that a rush had taken place near the north end of Flack's Gnlly, and. Mr. Gee offering me a seat in his buggy, we set out shortly after with the intention of testing ite authenticity, visiting en route the Blue Star and Jubilee reefs. In the former Mr. Lowe-reports the reef iB again work ing, and excellent stone is being broken out. The underlay is-very ?light and the casing hard. The shaky nature of the footwall renders for the present the use of powder unsafe. At Strawbridge'e several parties are still camped. Very few, how-' ever, are working in tbe gully, and these with hardly payable results* the majority being married men with^ami?es, who for sanitary reasons, although working in Brady's and Goalin'a gullies,, prefer ra sidingata safe distance = from titefever infected field. Brennan's and Flack's were found to be practically- deserted; One or two men are stall pegging away in the hope of striking a ran of gold. Looking down from an eminence com manding an extensive view of the sur rounding country no indications of a rash: were to be perceived. If not a hoax the rumor might have originated in the fact that Mr. Flack had been working lately in a new spot, and the previous day had got a few-colon. During the evening at least six zinc backets of wwshdirt taken, from the shaft in which the rich prospects before mentioned had been obtained were ?washed l>y diggers-holding the-adjoining claims. Strange to say only one or two light colon wen revealed. As dish after dish inaneceasion failed to give a ghost of a show muUerings, not load: but deep, were to lie heard on every side, and when the trialjwas finished many: openly- ex pressed- their dissatisfaction, and hopes which had inwftn*^^ fr'fft 1 *** th?- moxning? now fell' torero; a few, however; who know how erratically the gold is dis tributed in even the richest claims on this field, still retain sufficient confidence in Badger's HOI to give it a, fair trial. The reserve at the Government Well, opposite the main washing depot, was thrown open on Friday morning, and one or two holes bottomed at about 3 feet have already produced, aa far as I can learn, fair prospects, and' in one case a lew small pieces have been obtained. The teachings at the depots m?M?tM? a fair average, and there being- plenty of water and every facility to carry, out the work with ease and economy, they are getting more numerously patronised. An im provement, however, which could be effected at a trivial coat, would be the formation *of sludge <^*m? njmiinr to those universally used; by puddlers on other goldfields. A few loads of tailings, of which there are any quantity available on the spot, pro perly deposited- in a. semi-circle below the bank of which the <?diee?a? worked, would be all that wonld.be required, jind. the "dodge/ 1 and waste water, instead of as at yi"flrn^ spreading over a~ large ex panse of v "*Mmi^ <nni' tfrwtatftnttig t& he ultimately a source of considerable xnucance~ to tire- adjoining daimhoiders; would be coHtjotad' in a rforruir in wMcb^tlieh^vierearihy.materialsattiing, an ample supply of water fromthe-eor face could be collected for dish prospect l?*iy jlg lifrttmP" sbFsDQflft jftffftpd to test their ground aa thoroughly aa its naturally uncertain character would render advisable.. Of: coarse tbx tauings from these-wa?hinpi : wosid maintain the bank, and if it gijuwurconne optima to an in? convenient: height &\- second outer dam could easily be constructed on the same principle. A Dumber of tbe chums on the rising ground opposite .the main.depot are. turn ing ont welL A load from one of jtham washed there on Friday gave 2 oz., half of which was picked ont of the hopper in one piece. Very good gtdd also is being ob tained in the lower end of Dam Gaily, a run just below the embankment going about 3 oz. of nice ahotty gokL Some nice slugs are occasionally being unearthed sear the north-east earner in lately-opened ground. The Anrffar^ reef (Hunter & Go.'a) In this, vicinity is giving every satisfaction to its shareholders. A semi-private test of a 10-oz. piece, In which it is stated no gold was viable, on being crushed and washed yielded a residuum that, unless I am much mistaken, when retorted will lift a penny weight. The main body of the reef is now exposed, and a few days' more work will reveal whether It has any right to its same. . Proceedings de lunatieoinqmrendo were heard before Messrs. Reid and Gee, J.P.s, at the police camp this afternoon. The subject of the enquiry, John Forrest, a native of Broken Hffl, Mew Sooth Wales, was found to be of unsound miod, and an order was made out on Dr. Richardson's certificate for his admission into the Government asylum. On Friday evening* benefit was given by Oscar Smith's Twflj?fi Tourist Party to Miss Nellie Harley.. The company were assisted by ?"mty"r? and some members of the circus troupe, and an excellent programme, appreciated by a full house, was given. This evening Mr. Perry's Circus gives, a benefit to the Miners' Benefit Association, rendered doubly ac ceptable by reason of the numbers of sick and destitute diggers at present on the field. As several extra attractions are combined, and die object is each a worthy one, every seat is certain to be occupied. Typhoid unfortunately appears to be still epreading, in spite of ev?ry precau tion that the local authorities can take. Among the last victims who have been compelled to leave the field are Messrs. George Bonnar (of Bonnar & Co., coach proprietors) and Heslop. Mr. LeCouter is still dangerously ill. 