THE VALLEY OF SOULS. Aocording to the Hindoo tradition there exists beneath tbe earth, in tbe second oirclo of inferior heavens, beyond the reach of the sunlight an immense valley, half shrouded in obsourity. The bluish foliage of its trees, glimmers beneath a phosphorescent light; its pl.intB, rigid and angular in form, are but crystallizations of different colors, and bear blossoms of jewels, umbels of garnet, topaz, and amethyst, such OB one might see iu a kaleidosoope, and whioh reflect in their priBmatio facets the strange blue glow of the trees. In the midst of this lunar twilight all is silent. One hears no song of birds, no bum of bfecs—the earth is unequal to the sustenance of any living creature. Even the voice of tho trees is stilled beneath the motionless foliage. A huge lake which supplies neither spring nor stream occupies the base of the valleyit fills the silenoe with no Bound of melodious and splashing wAters; it holds but a thick film of white vapors, which lave without wetting the edges of the shore and the base of the promontories, or rise and float like a veil of lawn about tho loke's enchanted island. Motion is not, however, entirely lacking in this silent spot—as a drapery flutters in the breeze, so here and there the placid surface of tho lake flutters, and its calm is broken by silvery ripples. Here and there along the waves glide strange forms—so vague that they seem part of the loke itself. Yet still their shadowy outlines suggc-st human forms, dimly visible tbroURh the veil of mist which surrounds them. Their arms and shoulders deetitute of flesh and muscle are faint iu contour; no trace of hair shades their brows; their bloodless faces, whioh neither mirth nor sorrow oan alter, hold nevertheless some expression. Their eyes are barely suggested— the places where the eyes should be show but dark Btains, which send forth only the phantoms of intelligent regard—their shrunken lips wan and drawn, which can never open until the supremo command releases their silence, suflicc by their form to show the difference in theBexes. Once risen from the lake, these shades of men and women wander along its shores, or lie upon the banks where, through their diaphanous bodies, one may see the earth on which they rest, (rliBlening with its flowers of onyx and topaz, whose petals do not even bend beneath their weird burden. Sometimes, their elbows resting upon the ground, their beads bowed npon their hands, these Bpectres seem to dream'. Of what stuff are their dreamB ? Perhaps of their past existence; perhaps of the existence the future holds for them. For in this valley sojourn those souls who are destined to a new experience of earthly life:' After having been judged hy the terrible end incorruptible Yams, at once the Minos and Pluto of the Hindoo underworld, after having accompolished their time of torture or delight according as on earth they had lived in vico or virtue, it is in this spot that, purified by their expiation or recompensed for the couroge displayed in their struggle, equal henceforth in the eyes of Indro, the god of heaven, their peace made with Brahma, the all-powerful creotor, with Shiva, the allpowerful destroyer and regenerator, they await the advent into the world of an infant into whose body they must effect-their transmigration. One day, Cbitra-Goupts, tbe angel of emerald hue, along whrse three pairs of shoulders are ranged six pairs of powerful wings, came in his capacity as Prime Minister of Yama, to arrange for tho transmigration of the souls. Before the diamond portals by which the valley is entered be encountered the goddess Schitala, the protectress of children born or to be born. The angel Cbitra- Goupta frowned as he beheld her, for in the goddess he recognized a powerful rival. ' Are you again here with your complainings," said ho, "and etill asking us for your charges those gifts which only the great gods themselves oan'bestow?" " I have nothing more to ask," answered Schitala, " from Brahma I have obtained what I desired for the happiness of the entire human race, and am here to Bignify his command." " What do you propose to do, and is it to be done ?" " Listen, Goupta, and be proud to seaond me in my great and holy undertaking. Man, as you know, has nearly always Bomething to complain of in his earthly lot. Would you know why ? It is beeatfEC too often his soul, abiding in a body riot made for its dwellingplace, is foroed to endure conditions which are in opposition to its instincts. Hereafter,, instructed in-advance of its future destiny, the soul will be given the privilege of accepting or rejecting this envelop of flesh within which it must accomplish its mission., This is the prayer which I have addressed to Brahma, and whieh he has granted." The Minister of Yama gave vent to Buch a burst of laughter that his six pairs of wings beat together against his three pair of shoulders, and several seconds passed before he could regain his speech. At length he overcame his hilarity. " Are you' dreaming, mother ? Brahma himself, overcome by the perfumes of Camalata, or by the sweet cordial of Armitam, must have been dreaming when he made suoh a promise. By the flames of Hades^ I am inclined-to believe lie was amusing himself at your expense." In reply, Schitala drew from beneath her scarlet mantle the decree sent forth .by Bruhma, carefully enwrapped in leaves* of lotus and cbuscha, arid handed it to Goupta, as the diamond doors swung open of themselveB before the two angels. " Curses npon'man I the world is coming to an end,'.' murmured Goupta, sighing so deeply that all the fragile' phantoms of the lake were blown towards the further shore, as the loam of tbe sea is blown before the. breath of the tempest; "to make man his own master, to have him to acoept or reject his future deBtiny 1 Too much charity has. made you fcolish, old mother; hereafter we shall have no more souls to supply, except to the children of the rich and powerful. Before a half century has paBBed, kings will be born without people to govern, and the brahmins will preach in the desert." "Let us try,"-said the^goddess. - "It is well, since it is your-wieh andBrahma's decree." Aiterthorougbly mastering tho significance o! the divine ordsr, the emerald angel, somewhat ire-assured, approached the lake, consulted hiB register, and then in sonorous tones called in turn six souls, .giving each the surname ha bad borne on earth. At the utterance of each name tho waves trembled, a light bnbblirig manifested itself on. some point oi the lake s silver smoothness, -then a shade, slowly rising from his vapory couoh; gained the Bhore. When be saw around him all the fix together, Ohitra-.Gonpta informed them . ol the degree of Brahma, and impressed upon them the one restriction which they must understand. " By.a refusalto beoomeat onoe the inhabit, ant of the body pre-destined for him, the soul would lose his chance of life, and must remain as many years longer in this valley of shr-flowH v.'i lit; mijyht otherwise i.ov^ lived amor»f< the world ol men." Thin iTAf t.]jc clause which hud re-Qeeured Cbilra iJonpla about tbe consequences of the decree. Tho first soul called wwr, ihat of nn old dervish, who bad left in Mysore the memory of a life full of holy self-deniBl as well as the most pious mortification of the fleeh. " You," said the angel, " shall be born in the midst of an honest mevonntilu family, whose lives run in a groove equally separated from the honors which bring care to tbe mind as from tbe troubles which rob it of its strength. B^joice I" " Rejoice doubly," said Schitala. " for, sweetly lulled in the eunBliinc of your mother's caresses, you slmll escape the corruptions of tbe the world, and still enveloped in the robes of innocenco you shall die an infant. This time you shall gain the prize of victory without tho struggle of combat." " To die an infant," replied the old dervieh; "what! to put my lips to tho brim of the cup and have no power to drink even half it holds I to see oncc more the doors of life open to mo, and pause upon tbe threshold I Better were it not to be born. I have tested the joys' of heaven, now I would know those of earth. I will wait." And with a gesture of refusal, the derf:sh plunged into the lake. " The old fool has become perverted in heaven," said Chitra-Goupta. shrugging his three pairs of shoulders. " Can it bs possible (hat extreme virtue as well as vice occasions reujorse ?"' murmured Scbitalo, grown pensive. Souls 2 Another soul took the place of the dervish. Chance, or it may be destiny, sometimes pleases itself by bringing together strange contrasts. This soul was that of a bayadere, who had delighted all Benares by her graceful and voluptuous dancing. Sbe bad oven figured brilliantly in tbe Ceremonies of the temple, where, in spite of her eccentric behn viour, she had tbc protection of tbe priests during her lifetime snd, perhaps, after death the indulgence of tbe gods. She approached lightly—almost in a bound—the divine pair, who we;e seated upon a rock ol malachite veined with pold. " You Fhali be beautiful," said tbe messenger of YamE," and because of your beauty you shall become the wifo of a rich nabob, who ^vill cast all his treasures at your feel, to gratify your lightest caprice. lle.joice." The soul of the bayadere seemed to tremble, as if in excels of joy; she cast a rapid glance about her, upon the ehubbery of jade and turquoise, upon all tbe rich jewels which formed the floral embellishments of the valley, thinking, no doubt, that she would find Bimilar ones on earth with which to adorn herself. NecklaccB, bracelets, and girdles should be hers, and jewels should hang in clusters from the ends of her long and flowinghair. Never- Uielees, before giving her final acceptance, she He will be three times your BEE; but that is nothing. Bejoice; for afterne has loaded you with gifts, be must die. He will leave you mistress of a colossal fortune, free to choose a new hUBhand, and this second one shall be young and noble of countenance." " Shall I bear him children ?" " Both your husbands—the young as well as the old—must leave yon childless." The bayadere's countenance fell; her look of desolation was pitiable. "Childless 1" she repeated; still tbiE dishonor 1" And turning abruptly away, sbe disappeared, faltering : " To live without the joy of maternity is no life." The emerald angel looked at tbe benevolent goddess with a mocking emile. "There,'' said he," is a refusal you certainly did not anticipate, good mother. An old hUBband to make her rich and to grant all her wishes; a young one to gratify her tastes. It is not easy to underEtnnd this- Is your sex still capricious, even in this empire of ehoEts ?'' . " If the tree accursed with barrenness could speak, Goupta, yon' would have its answer. ' Sterility is dishonor.' For woman the cose is even more dreadful. Brahma the divine, by an ineffable gift, decreed from the first day of the world's existence, to share with woman the faculty of creating- Almost from her cradle Bhe thrills with an aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant is she alreadv a mother. Poor bayaddre I I understand hi refneal." " Very well," replied Chitra-Goupta, " bu in the meantime we run the risk of not find tag a BOUI who wishes to leave this valley. We have tried without success, the old derviBh and the young bayadere—now let ue undertake the case of this whilom prince, who but lately clung to the hopelcEB longing for- rank and power. Ambition, thirst for glory, are the moving impulses of his class: this time, I am sure of acceptance," and with a gesture he called to him the BOUI whose tbrn had oome. " Bejoice," cried Goupta, as the shade approached, " rejoice, and thank the gods you shall be lung." " King 1" replied the soul with a shudder. " In the olden times it was to a degree endurable-to-day the position is a sad and cruel one. To make one's-self the exeoutioner of one's own family, for the purpose of standing well bc r . :c his people; to merit the chastieemei'. heaven, and the contempt of men—only ; become at last the vaesal or .prisoner cf European invaders. What a fate! My u-.cle, the powerful sovereign of Deccan, forced me to burn out my eyes that hie people should not think me unworthy to succced him. And hedied—how ? The humble .dependent of the English king ! Better were it to be born In the humble cabin of a pariah than on tbe golden steps that lead to the throne of Delhi." "There is more danger thon I believed, Bince even kings decline tbeoffer," murmured the minister of Yams. " We are only half way yet," pleaded Schitala, " let us go on." Of the two souls who followed, one wss offered the body of a banker not too scrupulous in his method of acquiring wealth, and who. gaining fortune, should at the same time fall a victim to a serious illness, so that he could but rarely leave a bed of pain. The other was destined to enter the body of a laborer, whoee out-door life would give bim the inestimable blessing of health and strength. -" To be," said one," at the same timo in health and'adversity I What is that but to possess a good stomach only as an abiding place for the demon of hunger 7 " " Wealth and suffering," quoth the other, " a mantle of gold flung upon the shoulders of a corpse," And both refused. "What have you to say now, Schitala?" asked the emerald angel with an air of triumph. " Do you still think it wise and just to instruct men concerning the fate life holds for them, and to leave them free to choose or reject their new birth ? With this state of things, I repeat, the land would soon he depopulated. Thanks to the imprudent prayer you have addresEed to Brahma, there arc already upon earth five poor mothers bewailing the loss of their still-born infanta." Seeing the good Schitala covered with ehiime and bowing her bead in silence, be added: Heed me, Schitala, let us go so further— for the last BOUI left us to consult willsurely, and with reason this time, return at once to thelake." Opening his book, he prepared to draw a lino through the aix names written therein, but the remaining soul, finding herself alone, did not await bis summons, and silently abproacbed the block of malachite. By her mournful step, her drooping bead, one could plainly read that the memories of her life awoke within bcr breast only sad and melancholy impressions. This was the ghost grievous lot. to enduri 1 . Far removed fi-nn lbo plcypurcs which rank, fortune, nnd^o-rer pron-cnt, she had been the sole support ol an aged and helpless mother. When, Fit. last, Adisano, tbe God ol Unlmppiness, had seemod placated hy hor resignation, and love, Willi its promises of happiness and consolation smiled upon her, her wedding morningEhone upon ber dead—poisoned by a venomous serpent. ^ " Poor creaturc 1 You arc fatally pre-destined," murmured the angel, " I cannot say to you as to the others,' llejoicc!' 1 cannot offer you in your new life anything but pain and privation. Theso'two EOUIS who but now were before me refusad their transmigration because they could not possess both health and fortune—for you I can promise neither the one nor the other. You must enduro both poverty and suffering. Do you accept life at such a prieo ? Decide." The shade, making no motion toward the lake, stood silent and attentive, as if in hope that some further rovelation might soften the cruelty of the words she hod alreadv listened to. "Alas! alas!" said in turn good Schitala profoundly touched with pity, " profit by tbe Rift of Brahma, dear soul; not only through the continued feiling oi your health shall adversity pursue you, but alter years of incessant and fruitless toil, grown feeble and and broken, you must oxhauBt the remains ot your strength in caring for your invalid husband." Tbe young soul started. « This husband ot whose side 1 must pass my future life in toil, trouble, and illness—will be love mo?" " Yes, but no you alone. A rival shall bo preferred before yon ; from tho ashes of your happiness, bnrely known before it fades awoy, shall come to ycu new agony—new suffering more heavy to endure than all (he rest. Y will be jealoup." "But r shall love him, then ?'' " You will love him." " Unto the end." " Yfs-unto the wives you will follow him to tho fiery heart of his funeral pile." " Bleesed bo the nBme of Brahma I I would live." _ To this cry of Jove, this pasEionate expression of devotion snd eelf-sacrifice tbe cold and silent volley, found s responsive echo; the trees wero shaken from their immobility, the phospherescent lights and the diamond flowerB shone with redoubled brilliancy, and all the phantoms dwelling in the shadowy depths of the lake rose to tbe surface to wave to their companion a gesture of farewell. But already the benevolent goddess had clasped beneath her purple mantle the poor tender soul, while Cbitra-Goupta, spreading swiftly his six pairs of wings, took his flight to the seventh superior heaven, to seek from Indro,- the high god, tho annulment of Brahma's decrcc. Indra revoked the deerec; but ontbc pages of his golden book ho wrote the nomo of the young girl of LBhor, and underneath—the name of Bayadere. 