CRUMBS. Jack Frost. Elective Governors. Old Time memorial. Two lawyers found out. Foil justice not done yet No more Council this week, Mr. Hnssey on Billy sentiment. Electric light at Fort Augusta. Serious floods in New Zealand. M.P.'b salaries a fortnight overdue. Export oI Auldana wine increasing. Wasted, a penny post in the colony. Is a tobacco excise duty coming, eh ? Another French revolution hatohing, Irish Coercion BUI read a third time. Twoswagmen poisoned at Hamilton. Voting money into their own pocket*. " Spirited water conservation policy." General Boulanger the hero of France. Terrible and distressing fire in Quebec. French Boyalieta ail ready for business. The totalizator entrusted to the Ornate. Everlasting talk about Irish obstruction, How many M.P.'B are worth £200 a year? Future Governors not to have any extras. Tasmanian rifle team coming to Adelaide. Clerk of the Weather getting a bad name, Sydney decided to have, a white elephant. Is w.E.M. working up another situation ? How would Mr. Cohen elect the Governor ? Victorians did not find enough gaiety here. An ornament to the long robe is Mr. Ulynn. Shooting fashionable in Western Australia. ReBponeible Government adopted in W.A, Free trade means a fair field and no favour. Eucalypt honey a substitute for codliver oil. Committed to narrow gauge for northern lines. . Babbits and sparrows masters of the situa tion. flow is it that sericulture has not flourished here? Stores Commission at last finished their work. _ Manilla mailman stack up and robbed of mails. Immense damage doneto N.Z. property by floods. The next Governor's salary not oeciped notice. Settler on the Norman murdered by the blacks. Wangaratta murderass captured at Waeaa \VagRa, Chirping, cheeky, and cunning sparrow doomed, TasmanianB getting scared at influx of Chinese. Position of Q.C. refused by five Victorian lawyers, Woman cut to pieces by railway train in Victoria, Over 1,000 by Melbourne trains on Tuesday morning. Good-sized nuggets still turning up at Teetnlpa. French eepionege creating irritation in Germany. General Boulanger ovated by 80,090 Parisians, Frome won't be neglected for want of advocacy. Why will not Lady Carrington grace fair Adelaide ? Town Clerk Worsnop will shepherd our butterice. Old skipper John McLean died suddenly yesterday. What is Mr. Arthur Hardy to get' A testimonial Railway bridge at Albury partially submerged. The Fisk Singers tooted to the Glenelgites on Monday. Why can't Glenelg borrow in Loudon at 4 J per cent. Grand review of 58,000 troops by the Qaeen on Saturday. The Exhibition is advertising the colony I far and wide. Is it soand financing to balance accounts by windfalls ? Western pastoralists will take no nonsense from shearers. Masters and mates going in for eight-hours' demonstration, Artesian borings to be made on the route to Phillips Ponda. Piecework in the Desert not good enough for unemployed. The height of impropriety for members to help themselves. How long has it been that wisdom resided in the majority? Prince Alexander has finally declined the Bulgarian throne. Majority of members are pledged to in crease the land tax. Only 25 unemployed could be found to engage for Hergott. Education expenditure in Sydney to be reduced by £85,000. Mr. West-Erekine has a strong down on tbe Agent-General. The Silverton Tramway is to bo a miracle working institution. Bother the abolition of imprisonment for debt. Abolish debt. Our visitors are highly pleased with our hospitality and Show. Brains required to develop cattle traffic by rail iu the South-Bast. Gold exported from Port Darwin exceeds naif aimiiiion sterling. Nearly 4 oz. to the ton obtained from trial crashing from Mingary. Freemasons decided to celebrate the jubilee by exemplifying charity. Mr. Loudin lays they will always remem ber Adelaide for itB rain. 1 What about appointing a Government In- I spector of Winemaking ? ! Heavy floods in New Zealand-Greymouth nearly swept into the sea. Captain Buchanan led the Adelaide&ns; a pretty subterranean walk. Uncle Sam is likely to be represented at tbe Melbourne Centennial. Mary Anderson, the American beauty, coming to see ns next year. The Rev. Charles Clark returning to the colonies on a lecturing tour. An export trade in rabbits iB not likely to lead to their extermination. A trip for Mayor Stock-Let him try and i float those bonds in London. The Citadel of Quebec, deemed im pregnable, cannot stand tire. Poor totalizator. Handed over to tbe ! tender mercies of the orator. i Captain Cook's ship Endeavour went the I way of most timber-dry rot. Pastor Chioiquy vigorously converting from, not converted to, Rome. Lucky for legal o (fenders that they are j under "domestic jurisdiction." French doctors strongly recommend Aus- ! tralian honey as a remedial agent. . At the intercolonial contest a Bow-man will g've a trophy to the best rifleman. Mr. Way Lee and Mr. Van Senden trying to open up wool trade with China. Disastrous floods in Hungary-fifty thou- ' taDd families reported to be ruined. The Chinese Commissioners will try to open ! up a trade for our wool with China. Will the Treasurer help to exterminate the 1 predacious and pugnacious sparrow ? Was not the energetic Mayor of SilvertOD, Mr. Butterworth, an old Portonian ? Councillor Uoben is still in trouble over his bntterine-won't go down, somehow. It was a clever reply, Mr. Jenkins; bat wait till Mr. Glynn has a farther shot. Balrairian independence to ba proclaimed if thePowers reject the people's choice. Anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne celebrated by 7,000 Sydney Orangemen. Can good tobacco-leaf be grown in the colony? OpinionB differ; facts wanted. Brntal wrestling in Viotoria. Spectators thought the offender deserved poleaxing. If all goes well Payment of Members Bill will come into force from the 1st instant. Larrikinism is the product of careless custody and slovenly training of children. .Libels were as plentiful as sparrows in a wheatfield in Mr. Bartlett's few remarks. Hawaiian Premier nnder lock and key. Home Bale niggers appointed his successor. The new Bishop of Bathnrst, Canon Camidge, is not widely known as a preacher. Patriotism defined-It serves its country for herself, and scorns the sordid lust of pelf. Silverton roads have their advantages, especially in promoting the use of adjectives. 70,000 acres land secured on Wilson's Promontory for a settlement of Skye crofters. Murderer of Queensland station-managor discovered through a dream by a settler's wife. The senior member for Start has adopted the Yankee habit of planting his feet on his desk. Hon. A. Hay doesn't want his £200 until the deficit is cleared off. Who will follow suit? Tbe simplest way out of the break of gauge difficulty is to complete the narrow to Ade laide. Captains who take on board Oriental sea men should be required to keep a stock of opium. Members' conscience stricken at the idea of mulcting the Civil servants to pay them selves. Victorian Railway authorities repudiate responBibilitiy for late maddle at Murray Bridge. "R. G. Symonds" wants to abolish the M.L.C. fossils - ought to have a fellow feeling. To fix a three years' laud assessment in a bad season does not suit the Treasurer's tactics. The special value of the Conference to us was that it sold our bonds with astonishing success. English fruitgrowers were getting fright ened lest Australians should secure their market. Plenty of gold in the colony yet; 470 oz. result of one month's work in one mine, now on view. Welsh farmers object to pay titheB where the clergymen cannot speak the native ^Jubifee demonstration of Congregational Sunday SchoolB on Old Racecourse on Sep tember 1. The greatest pleasure is to do a good action by stealth and to have it found out by accident. Skye crofters to be imported to Victoria. They will be an abiding text for local land nationalists. Mayor Smith proposes to borrow in London at 4h per cent, to improve markets and clear off overdraft. Mashers to be moved on in future from the corner of Pirie and King William streetB-too utterly utter. Try the Victorian plan of killing the sparrows by cunningly feeding them with poisoned grain, The " exigences of the Empire" had to give way to those of Pat during tbe late Downing street conclave. Commissioner of Public Works looking at railway matters so as to benefit the whole colony. Bravo! The murderer Hughes was discovered reading an Adelaide' Observer. Evidently robbed a Rood man. Mr. Dash wood made an impassioned appeal to the Jury. He had to wipe the honest sweat from bis face. Porpoises were brought whole to table in England in the fifteenth century, and were eaten with mustard, Explorer Stanley is in trouble with his native forces-"a policy of Bevere repression" necessary with them. Bulgarian throne accepted by Prince Ferdi nand contingent on approval of Great Powers in which be won't get. The South Australian Court of the Eastern Annexe astonishes not only the natives but all visitors. Portonians will become noted, like the Sydneyites, for the famous enquiry-" Have yon seen our harbour?" Sea immigration exceeded emigration by 118 last week. N ett land immigration would largely swell the figures. Three similar amounts, the Treasurer's surplus, the Civil Service reductions, audthe payment of members' sum. A cigar maker in the Eastern Annexe has farmers under contract to supply him with locally-grown tobacco-leaf. Notwithstanding the stupid charaoter of much of Mr. Bartlett's speech, he had some wholesome truths in his mind. Tbe Government should not try to place itself in the position of an importer who can smuggle his goods in duty free. Dia not the Alphabetical say that he would never agree to paying the Parliament who passed their own Salaries Bill ? Melbourne railway engine-drivers and firemen determined to ejeot Boss Smith for alleged tyrannical conduct. A London Police Magistrate was overcome with emotion becanse a man paid a debt when he oonld have escaped it. It is singular that the Treasurer should have forgotten water conservation when there are so many bores in the House; Only one man disabled at football on Saturday, and his injuries are not so severe as at first seemed to be the case. The ease with which Mr. Mattinson can cnrl his leg over the armrest of a bench would make an acrobat envioas. " A more dangeroas enemy to the peace of tbe Empire than the G.O.M. probably does not exist," sayB D. F. Macdonald. The number of rabbits killed' on one station In one month in the Wilcannia dis trict was 1,000,000, at 3d, per head. Very few, indeed, had any idea of the extent of our manufactures till the exhibits in the Eastern Annexe informed them. One of the largest tobacco manufacturers here affirm that the leaf has never been locally produced fit for smoking purposes. A woman in Queensland deolares she has seen a murder enacted in a dream. Has the Cradock ghost been visiting that locality? Love and friendship exclude each other; love begins by love, and the strongest friend ship could only give birth to a feeble love. Mr. Pitt baa demonstrated that it is pos sible to so pack grapes that they would have a ready sale in London at handsome prices. A strong national life requires a fountain of poetic sentiment where the spirit of patriotism may take long deep draughts. If the Port is in earnest about harbour improvements let them agitate for a Harbour Trust with power to tax their own interests. 5,000 broom handles a day are made in a certain American township, and the married men there never stay out later than 9 o'clock. The learned Prior Kelly has discussed the conservation of energy. A few lessons would . be useful at JNorth-terrace talking shop. At Hindmarsn the public-hoaBes on one side of the street close all through Sundays, and the others are opened between the legal hours. George Feltham apparently doubted every thing but that he was born at Port Adelaide. Will he Bwear to the fact of his own know ledge} Liberal land legislation and not protection is the road to prosperity Mr. MoDonald thinks; but be did not logically express his views. Americans were big fools, Baid the Yankee member for Sturt, and the rule was proved by the exception through his ^ingenious speech. British Fleet attacked Alexandria, July IX, 1882 : To cove the rebel generation, And jjaye the honour o* tbe nation. If members are not eager to vote money into their own pockets this year, the Civil Service retrenchment policy will not be needed. " Say, boy, say!" exclaimed _ a hot-looking man with a valise, " which is the quickes way to get to the station." " Kan," yelled the boy. History repeating Itself. At the last Frome election, the Winnininnie box, which was then empty, delayed the completion of the scrutiny. If all deadheads had as much reason for travelling bb Mr. Moulden, M.P., over hia Debtors' Absconding Bill, the outcry would turn to praise. Captain Cocke, of the barque Lidy Douglas, and three others, sentenced to death for tbe murder of a mad Malay, have bad a reprieve. We have the climate for the silkworm and the mulberry, and have produced some of the finest silk, aad yet the industry lan guishes. Why ? The fuller conceptions we gain of the true meaning of justice, the more we shall eater into its spirit, and the more its spirit will actuate our liveB. A Britannia-rule-the-wave remark about courage brought an eloquent cheer from the member who cannot find pluck to vote at critical divisions. A minister not long ago preached from the text-" Be ye therefore steadfast." But the printer made him expound from "Be ye there for breakfast." Mr. Horn thinkB that Troy would never have been saved under a protectionist policy, as there would have been a prohibitive tax on that wooden gee-gee. Civil Service got at every way-numbers reduced, work multiplied, increases Btopped, pro rata redactions proposed, and income tax exemption to be lowered. A Bong which had a great vogue a couple of years ago, and which it distresses the nerves eves to think of, brought the holders of the copyright a fortune of £10,000. Old Colours of " Cameronians" placed in Glasgow Cathedral July 9,1885 Ye Scots, wha wish auld Scotland well 1 Ye chief, to you my tale I tell. Some observations made by Dr. O. Noso vitch upon 235 soldiers showed that 37'5 per cent, slept upon the right side, 23 per oe at. on the left, and 6'5 per cent, on the back. " If I bad not as muoh ability as Mr. Howe I'd hang myself," said Mr. Bartlett. " Fetch the gentleman a rope at once," was the imme diate retort of a member whose name should be handed down to posterity. British flag hoisted at Cyprus, July 13, 1878: Thou travels far; An' faith! thou's neither lag nor lame, Nor blate, nor scaur. "My child," said a father to his daughter, "treat everybody with politeness, even though they are rude to you, For remember that you show courtesy to others, not because they are ladies, but because you are one. John Calvin born July 10,1509 Calvin's sons, Calvin's sons, Seize your spiritual guns, Ammunition you never can need; Ynar hearts are the stuff, Will be powther enough. "What's the first thing yon would do, Jones, if you were stung by a hornet," asked Smith, who had been reading an article on the treatment of stings, "I'd swear," re plied Jones solemnly, and the conversation abruptly ended. Neander, the famous Church historian, was unable to lecture to his students unless he had in his hand a quill pen, which he tore to pieces while he talked, and it was always necessary to supply him with a second when tbe first had been entirely wasted. Frederick the Great in hia youth was noted for his stubbornness and bashfulness, and, we are told, showed this at his sister's marriage. Instead of appearing at the oere mony in Cour£attire, he oame with the ser vants dressed as one of their number. Charter first granted to East India Com pany, July 7,1600 Can all the wealth of India's coist Atone for years in absence lost? Return, ye moment! of delight; With richer treasures bless my sight I The author of a popular comic song gets more money for hu work than the poet Milton obtained for "Paradise IiOBt;" and the man who sings such a song, or to be pre cise, the " lion" who roars it, is as well paid as the Poet Laureate is in these days. English Parliamentary elections. July, 1S86: lo send a lad to Lon'on town," They met upon a day;. And mony a Knight, and mony a laird, Their errand fain wad gae. The year 1900 will not be a leap year, though divisible by fonr. At the last ar rangement of the calender it was decreed that only every fourth of the oentury years should be leap yean. Two thousand will thus be a leap year, but not 2,100 2.220, nor 2,300. House of Lords nested Franchise Bill July 8,1884: .... ehlels gat np an' wad confute it, An' c&'d it wraug; An' muckle din there was about it. Baiih loud and Iang. _ Rev. Dr. Jefferis, of Sydney, has been de livering a series of lectures to young men under the following titles:-"Oa makiog both ends meet," "On being merry and wise," "Adrop too much," " The street near her corner," "On fibB and falsehoods," Hush." France has 71,000 schools, being one for every £00, with 66 in each school. France would therefore seem to have more schools than any other great European country. These schools cost tbe country Is. 2d. per inhabitant. Pillory punishment abolished in England, 1837: An' monie a fallow gat his licks Wi' hearty crunt; An' some, to learn them for their tricks, Were hanged and brant. One half of the wealth of the United King dom is held by persons who leave at least £20,000«t death, and only one tenth by those whose estates are proved nnder £1,000. The persons in easy circumstances, between £1,000 and £20,000, represent 40 per cent, of the nation. " What a lovely woman," was the excla mation of Chief Justice Waite, open passing a noted beauty, when walking down Penn sylvania Avenue with a friend. " What an excellent Judge," said the lady, when her sensitive ear caught the flattering decree of the Chief JuBtice. It would appear, from numerous observa tions, that soldiers are bit during battle according to the colour of their drees in the following order:-Bed is the moat fatal colour; Austrian grey is the least fatal. The proportions are- Bed, 12; rifle green, 7; brown, 6; Austrian bluish-grey, 6. Shortly before he died Sir Walter Soott said-"1 have been perhaps the moat volu minous author of my day, and it is a great comfort to me to think that I have tried to unsettle no man's faith, to corrupt no man's principles; and that I have written nothing which on my deathbed I should wish blotted out." We are told by Plutarch that a Spartan lady paid a visit to Berenice, the wife of Dejotarus, and that the one smelled so much of sweet ointment and the other of butter that neither of them could endure the other. Was it customary, therefore, at that period for the ladies to perfume themselves with butter? The entire Scriptures contain 2,775,2G9 ems in diamond and 2,607,840 emB in noinpareil. It would take a printer a year and a half to put the Scriptures in type at the rate of 5,000 ems per day. The quantity of metal required in nonpareil would be about 6,500 lb., in bourgeois 13,000 lb., and in pica 20,000 lb. A Melbourne contemporary quotes the fol lowing received in answer to a letter de manding payment of "that small account": -"Kaiapoi Station, June 6, 1887. Messrs, Jones & Co. SirB - John Smith left here about a month ago for the Deniliquin gaol, where he will be for four months.-Yours, &c;, Jjme BROWS." The Italian who had the honour of teaching George III. the violin on being asked by his royal pupil what progress he waa making, observedPlease your Majesty, there are three classes of players-1, those who cannot play at all; 2, those who play badly; 3, those who play well. Your MajeBty is just rising into the seoond class." Mrs. E. Putnan Heaton, of the Brooklyn Times, bos been weighing the dreBses at a fashionable modisti's to find the average weight of a woman's gown. She found that .iet-trimmed reoeption dresaeB weighed from 34 lb. to 49 lb., plain walking dresses from 12 lb. to 19 lb. Nothing was found that weighed lesB than 10 lb. Mr. Gladstone having been aeked to attend an anti-vaccination meeting sent the follow ing answer" My views on compulsory vaccination are known to be moderate; but I am not able to attend the proposed meeting, were it only because I am now engaged in opposing the compnisory inoculation, with a Coercion Bill, of the whole of the Irish nation.' It iB now twenty-nine and a half years since the lirst telegraph line in Australia was opened, viz., irom Sydney to South Head, a distance of about 6 miles, and from Sydney to Liverpool 22 miles. That was on Anniver sary Day, 1858, and before the end of October in the same year Sydney and Mel bourne flashed their congratulations on the completion of elcctric communication. It is reported by "AUIUB" that at a Biverina meeting, called for the purpose of providing funds for an extra parson, it was proposed:-"That His Lordship the Bishop be communicated with, and be informed that the very unhealthy state of our bankbooks, consequent upon the recent drought and the depressed condition of the wool market, make reckless extravagance prohibitory." The custom of dotting the faoe with black patches of different patterns .was introduoed into England and France from Arabia, and was at its height during the reign of Charles I. The ladies, old and young, covered their faces with black spots shaped like suns, moonB, stars, hearts, crosses, and lozenges, and some even carried the mode to the ex travagant extent of shapening the patches to represent a carriage and horses. A young man having been requested at a dinner to reply to the time-honoured toast of "Woman," closed his remarks with the familiar quotation from Scott Ob, woman, in our houre of ease, Uncertain, coy, and hard to please. Here his memory failed him, but after a little hesitation he continued in triumph But once familiar with her bated face, We lirst endure, then pity, then embrace. A fidgety old gentleman at a railway station was terribly afraid that he would lose tbe run of his trunk, and oonstantly worried the busy porter about it somewhat as follows: -" Porter, be sure that my trunk is safe." A moment later-"Porter, don't forget my trunk." Shortly again-" Porter, now yon are quite sure that my trunk is safe f' The porter answers-" Arrah, and be jabbers it's a pity you wasn't an elephant instead of an ass, ana then you would always have your trunk under your nose." " Mr. Smith will, I have so doubt, in due course receive from Her Majesty that recog nition of his services which he so entirely merits. (Prolonged cheering.) And I ven ture to think that when that honour comes it will be none the less sweet to him because it has been preceded by the cordial approval and the warm sympathy of thoBe with whom he has worked in order to make this Exhibi tion a success. (Cheers.)" These remarks by the Governor may be regarded as the prophesy of one who knows. There are few more senseless anachronisms than a Bishop's signature. A Peer's has at any rate conciseness and intelligibility, but I defy any one to explain coherently why a man on being raised to the episcopate should disguise his identity nnder snob a nont dt plume as " Ed. Cantaur" or " William 8odor and Man." I think, however, the climax of absurdity in this line appeared in the papers lately In tbe shape of an appeal for relief for the sufferers by a hurricane at St. Vin sent Biened '* H. Barbados and the Wind ward Islands," Hie Queen comes forth with smiles again In lighter robes and royal train. And thankful keeps her jabilee; Bright roses bloom perfame tbe air, Her people cheer her everywhere, On land as well as waving sea. All pray the future bring her joy. That health attend, bless her employ, Her kindly sway o'er people free; That ministers may help her still To banish far each cause of ill, That all united happy be. B.S.S. 