FICTION. In The Honse With Galf. I At as, living m two i ooms not far from tbe Ldgeware road when. Silvam Todd met inc at tlie bavillo one evening- and took me aside. XiOok here "\Vxllij,ma, ' he hegaiij I going to Egypt on tins obolera commission, arm I siiau oe away tor six months at least. J.t you like to move into my house while I am away, do so.'' "Into your house m Crrosvenor-streot ?" I exclaimed- Why not r ' lie replied lightly.' "I will leave cheques tor the rent aud taxes, l on will be doing me a kindness. Gait is a 3' buui, hut I w ould prefer not to leave the servants alone m the hon«e " " Lut as to lent r" I said dubiously. Level- mind about that. Or stay. In place- ot rent y on can pav the servants' board wages, oi find then keep it vou please." ' Done with jou," I crieci heartily. And a wecklatci I had moved into the house in Giosvenoi -street, 199, and begun to make the most of my rise in the world " IfciAV?iS a fair size4 bouse. On the right of the liall was the dining-room, spacious and wamscoated in oak, with inuch sombre fru- lutin-c and one large .window which looked upon the street. Beliind this was the con sulting-room. The window here was over looked, but a window-garden, well stocked with ferns, and above it a curious lace blind, . secured the needful privacy. I had a dis taste, possibly odd, possibly natural for this room, about which an atmosphere of pain and death seemed to hang. The -shrouded ana gruesome preparations re pelled inc, I should not use that room, and tbe first day or two I seldom entered it save to' a s vi-iUge"" wluch hung beside the window. Ho much forythe house. I had been in it about three weeks: the words "Come and see me : I am living in Grosvenor streetnow," were beginning to lose their first- sweetness \- in the mouth, when, on going out one mom- mc> I found a man standing on tlio door-step. He had that moment rung the hell. "Dr. Silvani Todd'r" he asked, looking, ironi me to a. paper ho held in his hand. \- " Are you Dr. Silvani Todd, sir ?" " No." I hastened to answer, fearing that he was collecting rates or taxes. "I am not Dr. Todd. He is in Egypt — in the Soudan ; right up the country, ill fact." _ " Auv one living hero besides Dr. Silvani lodd'r" he asked jerkily, poising a pencil above Ids list. - " Living here ? Well, I ifin living, but — " ' Christian name, surname and jirpfession, ' ' he .put in brisklv. " A card will' insure ac curacy." And be explained that be was a canvasser for a. Court Guide. Iliad not a card in my pocket, but a vision of. " Charles . Williams, Esq., .190 Grosvenor- street,' \W., and 1 Sussex Court, Temple, E.C.," inspiring me, I went into the dining-room to get one. My card case was lying on the bureau in" the . farthest comer by tbe window, to reach'" . which I had tn cross the room diagonally. As I turned with- the card in my hand my eyes fell upon a mirror that formed the hack of a sideboard by the door. It faced the window ; and from where I stood was at such an angle that I could see the hall and door way reflected in it and not the door merely." I saw something else at which I paused a moment, the next went out hurriedly. The canvasser was stmulino- oil flip mnf. nrmrn'nfr . Ills-list, "lour card, sii-t Thank 3011," lie said. 'Thc name bhall bo inserted,' STay l take your order for a copy "No," I replied brusquely. Is that all you want?" " All this morning, thank you," he replied, airily. He was not one bit abashed by inr scrutiny. " Then good morning." I held the door open and only Hhut it when he had turned the comer. I am a shy man, and his cool- neshad staggered me. But if I had not seen him, when 1113- back was turned, as he : supposed, examining my letter-box — not the lock of the door, or the holts, or chain, but ' the letter-box of all things — I was a Dutch man. This was a little thing ; but because it was a tiling I could not understand it worried me. What could the man want with my letter-box? I began, though I would not have confessed to the feeling for the world, to dislike the stillness and gloom of the 'house. It was natural that such quarters should seem quiet in comparison with my old lodgings: but this alone did not account for my uneasiness, which grew so marked that the striking ot a clock startled me, and a ray ot sunjight shooting athwart the dimness of the room made mc jump. No, I caught the mfcctiou from ( 'all. Ho was a tall, moon- laccd man- ordinarily ; the model of a lino and rule servant, sober and steady, and not j too intelligent, liut he had a queer liablt of j about the house, and though % did not mind h much, I did object to " & be lVar-"'"Xer,Ws shoulder to Jlc JUCp would put 011 at these times an unpleasant istening expression. More than once I came ip ui liim standing still in the hall listening. And if I went into the consulting-rooms to vater the ferns, he was sure to he at my .1'iuvv Uie.next minute, listening again I dare say But this was not all. One night somctliing happened which gave me ground for real uneasiness. I had gone to Led early, hut I :ould not sleep, and while" I was lj-ing awake I thought I heard a cautious footstep on the stairs. At lay door it paused — if it was a footstep— for 1 could only hear the creaking »f a board at intervals ; then it seemed to go tower. "All fancy," I said to myself and ui-ned over. " All fancy But I was not piito satisfied, and presently, with a hard word for my foil, jumped up, and in my >3 jamas, just as I was, went out on the ianding. I could hear nothing. I crept loftly down tlio stairs in the dark. All was 1 till. The ticking of the 8-day clock and the oeasional grating of a window as tlie breeze rose or fell were the oril3r sounds inside tlie 'louse. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reached she foot of the stairs, and, satisfied now that I had deceived myself, was turning to go back, when my movement brought the key hole of the consulting-room door under _my we. A thin beam of light shot- from it into the darkness of the hall. Well, I hesitated ; oerhaps while the clock above ticked a dozen times. X considered tne position, ouiuo aught have carelessly left a light burning in ohat room. Only, the 3'oom was not in uso. And then what of the stop on the stairs ? On "he other hand there might he a burglar inside. And then had I not better summon the police ? But suppose I did this, and lo ! 1 mere lighted candle? That would be a humiliation indeed. I flung open the door and stood 011 my guard. For a second or two I was dazzled by the light, though it proceeded only from a single candle on the mantel-shelf. No one moved in tlio room. No one was to he seen.- 1 stepped cautiously in with a smile on my face, and —and jumped, I daresay, a couple of feet aside. " Whv, Gait!" I cried tlio next minute,' toeing that it really was tho servant who, ilone, and lialf-dressed was standing by the window. "What are you doing here? What are you doing up at this time of night?" I cried imperatively. . He did not answer. He was trembling violently.. I had given him a great shock, that -was clear. He passed one hand across his brow in a stupid way. In the other he held the garden syringe I have mentioned. I thought I grasped the position. "I will tell you what it is!" I said, taking up the candle and holding it so that its light fell apon his dazed face and distended eyes. "I will tell you what it is, my man ! You have been walking in your sleep_ !" He shaded his eyes with his hand and partly turned from me. " I am afraid I have, sir." he muttered abjectly. He was still forced to steady himself by resting one band on the table. I -took the syringe from him. I suppose that' this is not the first time you have done it?" I said, querulously. To have a servant who walked in his sleep ! It was too provoking. "No sir," he answered, his teeth chatter ing with fright or the cold. "I used- to do it when I was a boy. But I thought that I had grown out of it years ago." "I hope that you will grow out of it now," I replied with severity. - "There, get to bed, my man, and for goodness' sake, stay there if you can." " Yes, sir," he said humbly. " I aiu sony that I disturbed .you, sir." I made a sign to him to go out first. As I followed I glanced round the room at the strange medley that covered table and mantle- piece and overflowed on to chairs and brackets. On a shelf above tbe fireplace was a 'munimy'i) head with horrible glass eyes tbat seemed to be winking at me; and in bottles below it were preparations which Todd had been using to illustrate his physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. "Ugh!" I said, closing the door with a shudder. I soon fell asleep when I got back to bed. But once at least I awoke with a 3tart, and sat up in the belief that some one was again moving about the house. Next day I had a bad, nervous headache and was as irritable as could be: so that when Gait as usual crept upon me while I was watering the ferns, I lost patience with lim and turned sharply. "Well?" I exclaimed "Well?" "I came to sec if you wanted auj-tldug, sir." Wanted anything, indeed! "No, noth ing !" I retorted. " And I think, Gait, that you' would ho far more usefully employed, if instead of following me about the home you were to clean the windows. The one in the dining room is ma disgraceful, state con sidering that there are three servants in the house and only one master." 'en'siv'" he answered respectfully. He was not at all sly in my dealings with se'ft' uftte , and y esiGfc dav would not have dreamed of so rebuking bini, felt a glow of pride iu my moral courage. " I will see to it, sir," he added, "hut Dr. Todd usually allowed me to have a man to clean the outside." "Then get a man. Do it in the usual wa3. That is all I want," I answered. He assented again, adding something, however, about the difficulty of finding a man to help. I had this in my mind five minutes later, when a man accosted me as I crossed Bond street on my way to chambers. _ " Will your honor give me a job of work ?" he said: I looked at him. He was not tear ful as beggars arc. On tbe contrary, there' was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyes.- " A- job of work?" I answered, glancing at my slim lunbrella and varnished hoots. "Do I look as if I had," he anwered with read3 wit. I laughed. "Cuu 3ou clean windows?" I asked. ' « Clean all \onr windows, sir, for a shill ing," herappe'd out. "Then you would have a bad bargain,' I replied, thinking with - pride of my five floors and basement. " Here ! 3-ou may take this to 190 Grosvenor-street." And I pen cilled a few words on a card, requesting Gait to let the hearer clean the lower windows and to pay- him a shilling when he had done. For sonte reason, I do not remember why, I. went home, from chambers early that after noon. I had scarcely taken tbe latch-key froni the door before I learned that there was a' quarrel going forward. Gait was standing +Vc r»/»i>QiTlf.m(r-Tnnni flnnv. Ills hnnk to lfc T11 front- of Jum Avas my shabby Irishman, gesticulating wildly and talk at the top of his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Gait cut him short. "You do not go into this room," lip: said; "that is enough for you!" " And why not, my honey?" the Irishman was beginning. ' ' Sure, and his honor was saying that I was to dean the windows, every blessed one of them !" "He said nothing of the kind," 1' inter posed sternly as I came forward. "I- did not say that you were to come into the house at all. I said that you were to clean the out side of the windows. How is this, Gait?" Tlio servant muttered som-thing. His assist ant gave mc the cue by saying, "Faith, your honor does not expect an elegant gentle man's gentleman like him to soil his hands with dirty windows ?" " I expect him to do his work," I rejoined. ."A little "more exercise, and I think you would sleep better at night, Gait. It is a wonder to me that you did not break any thing iu there last night. Now as you have let this man clean the other windows, he may as well finish the job by doing this room. You can stay w'th him. Open the door." But Gait did not stir._ He looked at me sullenly. "Dr. Todd is particular about admitting strangers to this, room, sir," he said, iu a tone that matched his face. " Aud to the house, I have no doubt!" I returned, tin-owing the door open myself. "Stay!" I added, after glancing round. "Close the inner window over the ferns. That is better.' Now he can do no damage." I saw this tirrangemenk carried out before I Lit than '-Then I went to the front room to write a letter, but was presently roused by the repetition of a loud knock. Gait, I knew, must be able to hear it as well as I could myself. I strode inlo the hall. "Doj'ou not hear tlnit some one is at the door?" I said, curtly. Ho did -not move. Instead he pointed slc-utly to the window-cleaner, who was hard at work. "Nonsenso!" I said go "to the door at once." Still a moment's hesitation and he went. The person at the door kept him some time. Afterward I needed coal in the front room and a cup of tea. His scruples had arisen rather late in the day, I thought and I took a mischievous pleasure in keeping him from his post. But what did it all mean ? What, indeed ? - 1, did uot connect as yet, the man who had been so inquisitive about the .letter-box with Gait-. The latter's conduct by 'itself avas enough to puzzle mo. His sleep-walldug aud stealthy ways, liis nervous ness and' his strange obstinacy about the con sulting-room gave scope for wild conjectures and certainty Ailed me with distrust of liim, as well as a secret prejudice against the house. At breakfast next morning I was more struck than before with by tlie nervous manner iu which he continually started and glanced behind liim. "What is it that you are afraid of, Gait?" I said suddenly, thinking to take him bj surprise. Then, as he did not answer, "Is it burglars ?' ' I asked, the scene urtlli flao Tmolvmon -in mv mnin -"V "Burglars, sir?" " Yes. Mind what you arc doing with the kidneys!" I replied sharpty. "I thought that the burglar y close by, in Bond street, at the jeweller's, might have frightened you. Man alive ! there is nothing here to tempt that gang." " I hope not, sir," ho said, huskily. I put down my knife and fork and looked at him. " Realty, Gait, I do not think that 3'ou are well," I remarked in a more kindty tone. "We want Dr. Todd back already." He began to tell me tbat he had not been himself of late, when lie stopped speaking and with a low exclamation staggered hack from the table. The plate he was holding fell and was shattered on tho arm of my chair. The gravy ran over my sleeve. _ I jumped up in a rage. "What on earth is the matter with you?" I cried, very much inclined to take him aud shake liim. "I saw a — a face at the window," he! gasped. His own face was white. His lips trembled jso that lie could scarcely frame bis words. A face at the window ! I ;iad been sitting at a round table close to the window, aud when I arose I had done so with my back to the light. Now I turned swiftly around, following the direction of his eyes. Looking past me they- were fixed on a corner of the window. But there was no face to be seen. Gait was wiping his brow with his hand- kcrclnof " Have you been drinking ? " I asked. "No, sir." " Have 3'ou ever had delirium tremens ? ' "No, sir. There was no indignation in his answer. " Umph ! I am surprised to hear it, " I said. " For shame, man ! pluck up a spirit. Now go Jdown-siairs and compose yourself. You can tell Caroline to bring me up another plate." When the plate had been brought I resumed my breakfast. Really Gait was be coming unbearable. Was he going out of his mind? Or was it merely that sometliing had unstrung his nerves ? A man must he pretty, far gone— farther, I thought, than could be comfortable for |liis neighbours — be fore he conjiued up faces in broad daylight and What was that ? I was out of my chair in the fifth of a second, for with the tail of my eye, as I reached across. the table forjthe salt, I had seen a face at m3 elbow — a face glued to the pane, and such a one ! A |face white, bloodless, and with 110 forehead, a long upper lip and flanked by huge ears ! A greedy face, with dull eyes that glared in upon mc. I was not frightened, but I was startled. iThe face was unexpected and it was so horribly close to me. It was no wonder that I Sprang up as I did, Yet the thing was hardty seen — I had bare!' turned my full gaze upou it — before it was gone. "The impudent scoun drel ! " I Juried when my first surprise was over. "I will soon put a stop to that ! " Ard I ran to the front door, and opening it looked into the street. Near at .hand there was no one. Iu the distance two 01 |three broughams were waiting, a butcher's cart was rattling off, half a dozen people were going this way- or that.. But no one .was ha the window. Yet this did not greatty astonish me. The houses in Grosvenor street have projecting porticoes which would hide a fugi tive, though his pursuers Were but a few yards distant. My first impulse avas to go up the street, hatless as I was, and hunt him out. But utter all, lie had. done 110 harm ; and X contented myself with vowing vengeance if ho should repeat his insolence, and went hack to my breakfast. Though I could still laugh at the serious way iu which Gait had taken it, I did not to my old seat, - -J removed m3 plate so that I might face tlie window: somehow tlio face haunted mj memory dis- ' agreeably. If in eyes fell upon a dark corner, a pale image of the flat features and fishy eyes shaped itself in the gloom. The furniture, too, took queer forms where the firelight fell upon it, and this went so far that I felt sensibly relieved when I was fairty outside the house. But that day being a bus3 one, by the evening I had for gotten my domestic concerns, and when Caroline took off the covers at dinner, I asked where Gait avas. Gait avas not very well", and had gone to his room to lie dov.n. "I do not think that lie has been well for sonic time," I remarked. "No, sir," said Caroline, .solemnly.' . And she shook her head, as it" she could fully account for it. " What do you- think is the matter?" I was constrained to ask. " "Well, sir, we think it is the smell of the doctor's stulf." "Oh, indeed," T answered, inuch tickled. " But you arc not ill?" "No, sir. But, you see, Gait — he is more in the doctor's room. He has been iu there a good bit, lately, and he is not like tho same man." "That reminds me of something," , I answered. ' ' I left my little silver match-box on the comer of the table in tha,t room this morning. "Will you fetch it for me before I forget it Caroline?" "While she was about my errand, I, thinking over what she had said, began to see a connection between Gait's oddity or illness, or whatever it was, and the consulting-room, I saw a clear com- . nection. Still, there coald uot be nothing' in what the servants said. Doctor's stuff ! That, was absurd. And it was still more absurd to suppose, though I disliked, the room myself, that there could he any iiialign influence about it. That was rubbish, indeed, 3et — A shrill scream and the violent closing of a door cut short my reasoning. I ran out into the hall. The girl was leaning against the avail under tlio lamp, her hands pressed to her side, her breath coming in gasps. She was on the aerge of fainting. Lucliily her cry had reached other ears, and the cook came ityiug from above, Avliile 011 an upper landing I, looking about for any cause of fear, caught a glimpse of Gaits pale face peering down at us. "Goodness, Caroline! Avhatis the matter now?" cried the cook. , "Yes, girl, what is the matter now?" I asked roughly. I avhs getting very tired of these excursions aud alarms, aud avhs find ing it more and more hard not to start and glance behind me as Gait did. "I saw — a face," she sobbed. " At the AvindoAV ?" I asked eagerty. " No sir. Over — over the mantel-shelf." "The mummy's head. Why, you sec that every da3r !" I cried. "There must have been sometliing else beside that to frighten 3'ou." "There — there was somotniiig else," she gasped. "Lor' a mercy !" exclaimed the cook, looking, behind her and then, at me to see that I'was not leaving- them. ;.i V... : "... ' ' What else ? What else'? What else did 3-ou se?" I repeatedly impatientty. But, and it aaas provoking enough to make a saint swear and return violently to his dinner , Caroline would not say. No, though I asked her again and again, and in the main she was a stout, sensible girl. She had seen something else beside the head, and that was all she would tell us. I concluded in the end that she was embroidering the matter, and that all she had scon was tho mummy's head upon Avhich, perhaps, the light passing through tho open door might have fallen with a new effect. I Avent back to my dinner ; but first I took the lamp aud thoroughty searched the con sulting-room. Of course I found nothing, or nothing that should not have been there. The mummy's face smirked upon me un changed, save that it looked a little more dirt3. Hie preparations in their bottles below it Avere untouched, and in the midst of them the board on which the Doctor pinned liis cards of imitation stood as fashionably untidy as ever. It, too, Avould liavo been the better, Avhere it was not liidden l)3r " fix tures," for a little soap and water. There a\as nothing lieAV in the room ; nothing had been moved or altered. Yet I searched under the table and in the cupboards. I could not get the face I had seen at the window out of m mind. The veiy features of the parchment mask aboAe me put on a DTotesouc likeness to it. But this, no doubt, was fancy, for by this time I avhs in a con dition to imagine aii3rthing upon the slightest provocation. Anything ?. No, not quite anything. For surety that: ciy ay'iis not- fancy, could not he fancy. That short, quick scream which came shooting up the staircase .late that night, and though it Avas dulled by my closed doors, pierced my ears, so that I dropped the 'extinguisher and snatched up the candle stick ! That was not fancy, though no sound followed. It was real, as real as the white, startled face I saw peering into the looking- glass a moment later. " Hang it all !" I muttered hastily, as I flung, on a dressing-gown and made for the door. "I cannot stand this. I shall he seeing a ghost next. Is the house be- Avitched?' I ran doAvn the staffs, listening as I Avent. - . There was silence above and below. .1 reached the lowest flight and halted. abruptty. From there I could see the hall, and raising m3r candle above 1113" hand peered downward. Ah ! what Avas it ? Who was it ? Step by step, while ni3 glance darted fearfulty this Avayjand that, hut alwaj"s returned to the prostrate form at the foot of the consulting-room door, I came down until I could touch ' the body. Then I set the candle on the stairs and stooped over it. Thank heaven, there was no blood ! It was Gait, and he was alive. With an effort I turned him 0aer, recoiling an instant as a clasp-knife rolled from his hand. I picked it up and he sighed. He had merely fainted, then, and pushing the mat under his head, I rose to my ieer, my nrst rears reueveu. Hooked round. The dining-room door was Avide open, and that of the consulting-room AAas ajar. Without taking up the candle, Avith scarce a moment's thought, I flung the latter open and stood on the threshold, looking in. I held my breath and shivered, I confess, for I saw Avhat he had seen and what Caroline had seen : but overcoming tbe first nervous desire to cry out or flee, I stood looking the thing in .the face until all fear was gone. Truly in the face — for it was a face I saw — a luminous death's head. E3res, mo.uth and nostrils were black caA'erns in a pale lambent mask. Grim, enough it was. But taking into- account its position over the fireplace, a moment's reflection satisfied me that someone had tricked out the poor mummy's head with luminous paint, and then had written beloAV it on the fixture board, in letters rough but in the main clear, " Thief !" Thief ! I understood Jthe Avord, the some thing else Aviiicli Caroline had seen, but not wlioihad written it, or Avhy. Yet it clearly beliOA ed me to find out this, and I looked about iue for amr clue. I fetched the candle aud lighted others, and as I did so the knife in my hand canglit in eye. I opened it. Possibly- I had sonic foolish expectations of finding blood on tho blade. Of course there was uotliing of the kind, but in the nick, and also at the junction of the steel and haft, Avere some fragments of a tiling almost as sfrange in that house — dry earth. AYe had no garden at 190, except the window garden at lny elboav ; and av1i3 should Gait have been digging" iu the half-harrowful of earth which it held, and digging, or about to dig there, at midnight ' AYliy, indeed ! I brought the candles close to' the AvindoAV, aud raising tho inner sash, which sometimes Avas lowered between the room aud the ferns, I scanned the surface of tne nve or six nig stones ana tne seamy son which formed miniature hills and A'alhys and made up our sole garden ground. Surety, I was on the track, for on putting aside some fair-sized ferns I saw signs that the handful of earth against the biggest stone had been lately remoAed, rearranged aud Avatered. AVitli tlie kiufc I dug out the damp mould. 5wt&4J.qt a hit surprised to find that a tiny cavern in oi- -under, tb.c -/SuZ became a'isibie. I thrust iu my hand, and feeling a handful of hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. How I skirted at the sight of them ! How the3 flashed and glittered aud flung back with interest the pale rays of the caudle ! They Avere diamonds — rich, rare diamonds — fit to he beaut3's purchase-money. At the first grasp I had taken them all — a necklace, pendant, and bracelets. They were in their settings, and I Avas still gazing at them, dazzled and astounded by their splendour and my discovery, Avheu the sound of heaA-y -breathing behind mo Avurned me to turn. Our e3es met — Gait's and mine. \- "Thief!" I said. " GiAe them to me!" lie muttered, dog gedly, stretching out his hand. . " Nothing of the .kind," I answered, mar- aelling hoAV fear and greed could have so changed the smooth servant's Alsago that I coyld scareety recognise in it the savage despair of the face before me. I still held his knife, and there Avas a moment when I felt glad I had it. The man was a eoAvard, hut a eoAvard in a corner is an aivkward thing. I had the knife, koAvever, and did not "quail. "Nothing of the kind, you thief!" I thundered. "I shall he more likely to give you to the police unless 3rou tell me this moment the truth, and all the truth." . .'-"The police !" He shrank into liffnself at tlie words. Every symptom of fight left him. He fell with a groan of despair into a chair and covered his face at the Arery moment that a quiet but decisiAc knock at tlie house door " sounded c-rispty tlirough the hall. He removed his hands. His face turned a shade paler. "You Avill not go," he mut tered. " Most certainly I shall," I returned, and deaf to liis prayers I left him, and passing tlirough the liall opened the door. A mau stepped quiekty in and remoA'ed his hat. I gave lum one doubtful look, then I recog nised him. He Avas the man Avho had called ten days before to canvass for tlie " Court Guide." Aud now be began Avith much tlio same question he had put to me then. "You are Mr. AYilliams ?" he said, Avith a steady look at. me. "I am sorry to drop iu at a queer hour, but business is business, and mine is unpleasant." "Perhaps you will explain Avhat it is," I said. But I had an uneasy presentiment of the truth. And surety enough he answered, "I am. a detective, Mr. Williams. I have been Avateliing your house for the last ten days. You liaAe the proceeds of a jeAvel robbery here, and it is my dut3 towarii3ou" — he took out at this point a thick note -book and a stump3 pencil — "that everything you say will he given in evidence against you." "That I say!" I cried. "Against 111c! Me ? You are forgetting jouvself, man !" For. good hca\'ens, this Avas too absurd ? And 3'ct — and 3ot my right hand hidden in my pocket Avas clasping tho jewels — was full of stolen property ! No Avonder that I grew hot all over!" . 1 1 Better take it easy, sir," lie replied, the r end of the stump of pencil in his mouth, and his sty e3es on my face. " I have not been looking in at tbat Avindow yonder a dozen times a day for nothing. I could see the hall here shadowed in the looking-glass when tho room door avts open ; and when I saw that Jim's plant — Jim is my pal, who did that hit of painting inside there, and searched the room, too, where he was cleaning the window — when I saw you come doAvn with a light and your man all of a heap upon the floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now," he concluded briskly, "if 3011 Avill hand over the stones comfor- ; tably and quietty, Avhy, it is likety that it will be hotter for both of aou." A groan proceeding from the open door of the coii- sultiug-room proAed that Gait Avas listening. For itself, anger and perplexity drew me asunder. I met tlie detective's cunning eAcs, and clenched my fist. I felt the jewels between my fingers, and turned sick with terror. "Is the servant in there : " asked the man, pointing oaer his shoulder. I nodded assent- He made a sign that I should go in first, and I ohc3ed though the blood flew to my face, and I felt as if the prison warder's hand, pointing irresistibly inexorabty this way and that already cast its skadoAV upon me. Gait still sat huddled up iu his chair, and as I took ma place beside him the detective eyed us with a contempt he did not try to conceal. "A nrettv t>air vou are!" he said with a sneer, not as one Avho looked dow a upon moral guilt, but rather as a man of the Avorld in the presence of infantile folty. The idea of such as you i eying on this game ! Well, to be sure, and all. Why, it is enough to make a dog laugh ! " Aud laugh he did. How I hated him for his vulgar triumph! "Look here," I said, with a sensation of itching \eiy poignant in m3 right foot. "You Avill behave yourself property while you are in ni3 house, my mau. This is all a confounded mistake. You know as Avell as I do that I am no thief." "You ha Ae got the plunder," he said, be coming grave again. "Possibty." " And 3-ou or aoui- accomplice haAe bad it hidden away somewhere for the last fortnight. It will be for 3011 and liim to say how it was come by." j Gait looked up, tbe pictiu-o ot wretched ness. " I found it in the letter-box with the lettei-s one morning," he muttered. - "The robbery in Bond street was in the papers the same morning." The detective nodded sagety. " I thought so," he auswered. " The burglars were sur prised and chased. One was taken a few yards from here. We found nothing on him, but he owned up that he had dropped some of the plunder through the letter-slit of a house a few' doors from the place where we took him. I thought it out, and spotted this house. And now it Avill only he a question of receiving goods, knowing them to have been stolen. I dare say that if the things are restored at once, and proper evidence green at the trial — I dare say," lie added, liis head on one side, liis eyes half shut — "that no charge would be made." "Here is the jewelry," I replied hastily. " I only discovered its presence in the house a feAv moments ago. I am quite Avilliug to tell all that I know about the matter." "Aud your servant?" he answered, his eyes opening wide as he snatched the jeAvels, Avhich he pocketed after a. hasty scrutiny. The heads of perspiration Avere standing on Gait's hroav. His hands were quivering as if the handcuffs were alread3r on his -wrists. I felt for liim. He had been an honest man before the strange discoA-ery of that mass of brilliants in the letter-box had corrupted him. " I am quite sure that he will tell the truth," I said. "I Avill answer for Iris appearance. Do you not think that you could manage matters?" - "I tliink I could," ho answered slowty. "I think I could square it, and do no -wrong to any one — for a consideration, sir." Faugh ! Then these things were done — for a consideration. I hated the business and I hated the man, but the sight of Gait's wretchedness decided me. I made a bargain Avith the officer. He was to have £20 and to let it be inferred that Gait voluntarily came to him with the stolen property. ' ' Wait for me in the hall,". 1 said, taking a candle from the table. " I must fetch the money from my bed-room." I ran upstairs and took four £5 notes from my letter-case : I hurried doAvn again. Gait and the detective Avere standing together in the hall, looking at one another as ill- coupled dogs look. I set candle down. " Here is 3-our money," I said. " Now, he careful that you fulfil your part of the bargain." He put the notes in his pocket. "You will hear no more of it ! he said empnatie- alty, looking me full in -the face Avith some thing of contemptuous wonder in his eyes. "Yqu nmy take 3-our Daay of that! And, as for you, my man, make 3our mind easj." Gait muttred his gratitude. I stood shifting my feet, and pondering uneasily whether I had done a foolish thing or a \vise one, while the chief actor in the scone, so"tty openiug tlio door, passed out into the street. I stopped Gait's effusive thankfulness. I Avas sick of the matter. " Go to bed," I said brusquety, " and do not feel too sure that he Avill keep his Avord." But our indignant visitor did keep it — ^per haps I should say has kept it — to the letter. We have not since that night heard of him or of the jewels. As (Liy after da-- passed and still 110 summons arrived in Grosvenor- street, the truth began to daAVU upon me. I made cautious inquiries in Scotland lard and learned that the two men engaged in the Bond-street robbery bad been convicted at tlio Central Criminal Court, bnt that, al though they Avere taken almost in tho act, the missing- diamonde Avere not upon them, and liad not been recovered. No clue, indeed, to the hiding-place of tbe stones had been ob tained, and their disappearance had become a' standing police mystery. " There are more of the gang- about," said' the inspector. " We have our e\os upon two Irishmen, but we can prove nothing ; and we cannot see how the men who were in it could have passed the plunder to them." I can see aery Avell Iioav it was done, aery Avell, and how au3 little expenses attending the process were paid; but I am shy and nervous. I blush, it is true, as I pass a certain sroldsmith's shop in Bond-street, bnt I keep my own counsel. And so does Gait. — Stanley 7\. Weyman, V' Time. 