AS YOU LIKE IT. I ! -h - "Ay, marry, now unmuzzle your wi-dom."T-Ro8A_iND. People who have to read them must feel a certain horror in observing the number of reports, Royal Commissioner, Departmental, and otherwise, which have descended, or will soon descend, upon the table of the House. We have, the Railway Report a very remarkable document, by the way, which teaches us how to obtain a minimum of profit from a maximum of traffic. 2, the Report of the Government Statist, being vital statistics, dealing chiefly with death. 3. Post-office report 4. (If it will not cause a panic among the Stock Exchanges of Europe) The Imperial Conference. 5. The Bulli report 6\. General Schaw's report; and 7. The report of what people irreverently call the " Drink Commission." I need not say that I hold that life is too short to allow me to think of more than one of these at one and the same time and as the warm weather threatens to come on prematurely, one's thoughts naturally turn towards the last report upon the list Moreover, the Commission which drew it up has been presided over by her Majesty's trusty and well-beloved Alexander Oliver, Esq., M.A., Parliamentary draftsman, and the Home recalls to me pleasant thoughts of fish and oysters and other edibles which combine agreeably with bottled stout and certain white wines I leave out of account such intellectual food as Riparian rights and the Statute Book. I suppose something will result from the labours of this commission which are contained in a very large and very unwieldy book. No doubt we shall all grow sober, recognising in the recommendations of this Commission what the world has so long sought after a royal (commission) road to temperance to be presently laid out by that all powerful moral engineering company, the two houses of Parliament Legislation, as we knew, can do anything. We are to drink no more fuel oil, and the drunkards who have hitherto been produced by the absorption of this most pernicious drug will retire into asylums whence they will emerge in due time converted into respectable and wealth-producing citizens. * . . . *. But I get no great comfort out of the report of Mr. Oliver and his colleagues. I have always professed myself an inconsistent freetrader. I don't like protective duties, but I like to watch the development of native industry and if ever there were an industry which ought to flourish amongst a people who have brought English traditions with them to the Antipodes, that industry surely ought to be beer. I respect beer and wheresoever produced, I have always hold in revereD him who provides us with a supply of it for on the reasoning which has been advanced against alcohol I am prepared to prove that English enterprise and energy have always had beer, for their basis. And now " our trusty and well-beloved " has laid before us evidence which PIIOWB that our native bear is a little more deadly in its effects than our native and foreign whisky-that " tangle-foot " is not a name only, but a fact I fear our trusty and well-beloved," however dear to his sovereign, will not be well- beloved of the brewers and as to Mr. Hamlet, I trust that they will not provoked to make a ghost of him. Mr. Melville, I observed, acted with proper discretion. He recognised that the Commission were casting an undeserved slur upon a great native industry, and after half a dozen attendances or so, he ceased to attend their meetings. But why does Mr. Melville sign the report of a Commission with which he appears to be so little in sympathy? 3 4 5 4 5 But one thing the Commission has done for us. We no longer have to say, " This hoary-headed revel east and west, Makes an traduced and tax'd of other nations; They class us drunkards, and with, swinish phrase Soil our addition." * » . . # ,, And now I would venture to observe that there ought to be a Scotchman on every Royal Commission. Dad there been one here we might have been spared that flippant note on page, 48, which tells us that A is a curious fact that the monarch to whom we owe the first penal act against drunkenness was himself, what would now be' called an habitual drunkard, and that his court was much frequented by courtiers of both sexes having the same predilections as the King." After being called our trusty and well-beloved," I am a little surprised to find that a body of men styled a. Royal Commission should so far forgot themselves as to speak in this unkind manner of one of her Majesty's revered ancestors. But there is no loss ally nowadays even in a Royal Commission. And now a word on the prevalence of drunkenness generally. Is drunkenness so very prevalent ? Are we worse than we used to be? I don't think so. I think we are far, far better. The world is always in piening man is constantly rising to a higher level. And the proof of it is that we pay attention to evils which in old days passed by us unnoticed. We never looked at them very carefully before, and are surprised to find that they are larger than we supposed. But the magnitude exists in our increased attention that is all. For myself I believe that there is one thing which will do more tedious drunkenness than all the Royal Commission Ihntever fat, and that is good and cheap colonial wine. We shall get it some day and leave off ' whisky. . . N S, W ""Pulsford" on "Patriot" scores a-very palpable hit. I am the better pleased to make the admission because as a rule Pulsford-" gives me the impression of Extreme Doctrine incarnate. Not being an extremist, I rarely, find myself in the mood to agree with the gentleman who buttresses with those phalanxes of cut and dried figures the sometimes curious structures of the Free Trade faction. I am very glad, however, to be with "Pulsford" in his reply to "Patriot," and quite agree with the Free Trade Protagonist in his estimate of that much over-rated book "Triumphant Democracy." I have over regarded it as one of the worst, because one of the most productive among the political catchpenny ephemeral. Who is Carnegie, that he should leave the stump for the desk? He has mis- taken his vocation, or rather, by dint of some bad temptation, has abandoned it. Anyhow, who is Car- negie? Are thy servants dogs, O Pulsford, that they should be polled by the statistical brickbats of such a man? . 4 6 6 3 The story of the Derry Castle, telegraphed from Melbourne last Thursday, is one of those terrible real life romani es which now and then come to us from the Deep to disturb the sense of security bred by the magnificent floating from hotels we are getting so accustomed to. According to the telegraphic report, a large iron barque, with a cargo of wheat, bound to Falmouth, leaves Geelong on the 20th March last (this date, however, or also the date of the shipwreck, must be wrong), and when only a few days out, \- and rounding New Zealand, runs with terrific force on some rode, outliers of Enderby (Island one of the Auckland Group, and not to be confounded with Enderby Land, thousands of miles away in on opposite direction). The ship nearly bumps over the reef, but at length sticks with her stern high up in air and her bows in deep water. The officers rush in search of life buoys and the rest of the crew cluster on the stern, for the ship soon breaks in two and then the boats all disappear. , Right alone of the crew manage to swim ashore. The captain and his two officers are drowned in the attempt. And then the wretched survivors are brought face to face with death, first of all in the rude burial rites performed over their shipmates, and then in the more horrible form of slow starvation afterwards. But the simple narrative of what happened during this 60 days between the shipwreck and the rescuers the best and the most old sent a cold of a tale of suffering; of hope curely de erred; of ingenuity, sharpened by necessity and the ever-present Shadow and at that attitude in. extremities which never seems to desert sailors, such as it would be hard to find the like of in the shipwreck annals of this part of the world, of these poor fellows or their rescuers should require a helping hand, might we not remember how nobly our neighbours responded to our Bulli appeal? . " » To Mr. Walker's questioning of the Colonial Secretary, whether " pressure of time and business prevented him from visiting Northumberland during the recess, in accordance with a promise made at the general Election "-the Colonial Secretary returned about as soft an answer as official etiquette ever permitted a Minister to give to an opponent who is agonising to make himself offensive. Sir Henry's soft answer was as follows:-"Thohonorablo member's question suggests my answer that pressure of time and business- has prevented me from visiting Northumberland." Where is the man whose skin could hold any sense of wrong or impulse to be mischievous after that reply? Wrath melts away under such suave treatment like a soap bubble in the air. Apparently Mr. Walker was himself so placated that he had no stomach to repeat the question in a more pungent or offensive form. His wrath is turned away. Perhaps he repents him of his very neatly parried thrust, and means to retire and sheath or sharpen his sword. Meanwhile any accumulations of " blue metal," "Jerry," or other material for political missiles, collected in anticipation of the Colonial Secretary's visit to Northumberland had better be disposed of as road metal. It won't be required just now. _________________________ T. J. 