LETTERS TO1 THE EDITOR. OBSTACLES TO SETTLEMENT/' ? -*. ? _?*'? ? 'TV:'..''1 ! Sib,— i am almost ashamed, to ask your insertion of this letter, following a long one the other day, and can Only plead a brief sojourn and warm interest in the weal of our neglected Colony. To an uninitiated stranger, whose sphere of observation is necessarily limited, the causes of the stag nation of all trade are obvious, and equally bo, that it is vain to expect anything worth having from the calcined toadies that trot, in and out of Government House ! The growth of the other Colonies, from much the same chilling influences, was, for many yeais, equally slow, but since their emanci pation from the the thraldom of ' red tape' they have shown the world that they are not only equal to the duties of SelfGovern ment but worthy of the trust. Under pro gressive legislation at Home and inspiring public confidence abroad, they have bor rowed lavishly and judiciously expended millions upon millions of foreign capital upon public undertakings, 'so eminently reproductive in themselves and of such*un measured value in developing their resources, that their indebtedness may be said in great measure to constitute their wealth j or, in other words, that but for this influx and expenditure of capital they must, like the Western Australia of to-day, have remain ed dependent, feeble, and poor. I am, However, afraid that to confer the full measure of benefit reasonable to except from the change, Self-Governmont will come rather late. In the new Land Act the pudding hat been nicely cooked, cut up and sliced. It fails to recognize the health ly principle that the land was made for man, and seems to cling to the discarded one, that a select few were by Divine ap pointment and for all time made for it, and- possibly under its provisions not a greater number than one thousand of the ' wealthy lower orders' had been enabled to appro priate, for next to nothing, ninety per cent of a splendid grazing territory half us large as Europe ! I am not at all surprised that the Council passed the Act and the Governor approved of it, but I am astound ed that the people did not at least attempt to arrest the measure in the Colonial Office. This could have been done by petition, on the unanswerable grounds that land legis lation is the province of an Assembly elect ed by the people, whose unalienable inherit ance it is, and no Secretary of State', be he Whig or Tory, however otherwise disposed, dare in these days ratify such a measure under such circumstances. It ia of course assumed in the 'maaterly despatch ' that fixed tenures will be followed by extensive improvements upon the leased lands ; that where one blade grew yesterday two will spring up to-morrow. But it may be asked why this has not already taken place ? The lessees admit that they never were at any time under any serious appre hension of any part of their areas being re sumed, and, less of course the patches, being held under fee simple. But the eye of the traveller can nowhere discern the evidence even of the ghost of capital upon any such land, or even determine what is in fee and what is not. I am willing to allow that stock-breeding and wool-growing must be the, chief in ducement to settlement and subsequent occupation for a century to come, and, as a sequence, the cultivation of cereals can only be followed in given districts suitable for it, as a subordinate- pursuit. But it is nevertheless a great reproach that WeBt Australia does not produce sufficient for her own requirements. This fact is well known to the eastern colonies, and, I assure your readers, exerts a very baneful influence over the oscillating masses in quest of new homes. The unthinking jump at the con clusion that this is because the west colony cannot be made to grow enough to feed its handful of inhabitants, and is simply util ized as a convenient retail shoo for their wares and products. Nearly everything is bought for hard cash, and quite as near nothing produced that demands labour. Even were the breeding of sheep to require the same labour as growing potatoes, no doubt frozen mutton would be a staple import. But take comfort, ye sluggards ! the Oracle has spoken, and assures you that the less you produce, and the more you buy and pay for the richer you become, and having paid the money proves that y*u possess it. Verily faith is wanted, and in great measure, though even it will not pay butchers' bills. The adage, slightly alter ed, that when ' indolence is blest, 'tis folly to be industrious,' has formed tho text of many a prosy sermon, and if not intended as a pun your orthodox contemporary, in his more lucid moments, can hardly fail to see that a more extrordinary doctrine was never before, preached by any one of reput ed sanity. — Yours, CENSORIOUS. Perth, 17th May, 1887. ? 