UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL, CHAPTER XXXL—(Continued.) ACCUSER AND ACCUSED. BT ADELINE SKRGEANT, Author of "Jaoobl's Wife," "Martin Deveril'g Diamond, 4c. Hetaieed his mother's hand and kissed it ilently. The action wonld of coarse have been lost upon Hugo; as he could not see the pair, but for Mi*, iiuttrell'a next words. ''Nay," she said, "kiss me on the cheek, otifcon the hand, Brian. I let Hugo Lattrell dOlt, because of his foreign blood; but yoi have only a foreign training which you must mobbed in Danmuir. It's a sad pity that you're a Papist, Brian; but we must set Mr. Drutnmond, one minister, to talk to you, and he'll soon show yon the. error of yonr ways." " I shall be very glad to bear what Mr. Drutnmond has to say," said Dino, with all the courtesy which his monastic training had instilled; 4 'but I fear that he will have hiB labour thrown away. And I have one or two things to tell yon, mother, now that those gentlemen have gone, if I am to disappoint yon let me do it at once, BO that you may understand." "Disappoint me! and how can you do that?" asked Mrs. Luttrell scornfully. " Perhaps yon mean that yon will winter in the Bouthl If your health requires it, do youthinkJCwould stand in the way? Yoa Lave a sickly air, but it makes you all the more like one whom I well remember—your fathers brother, who died of a decline in early yontu. No, go if you like: I will not tie yon down. Yon can come back in the summer, and then we will think about your settling down and marrying. There are plenty of nice girls in the neighbourhood, though none so good as Angela, nor perhaps aO handsbme as Elizabeth Murray." . Mother, I shall never marry." "Not marry? and why not?" cried Mrs. Lttttrellindignantly. "Butyon say this to tease me our; being a Luttrell—the only Lattrell, indeed, save Hugo, that remains— younnust marry and continue the family." "Ishall never marry," said Dino, with a firmness: which at last seemed to make an impression upon Mrs. Luttrell, " because I amgoing to be a monk." Hugo could not stifle a quick catching of his breath. Did Dino mean what he Baid? And what effect would this decision have upon 'the liveB of the many persons whose future seemed to be bound np with his? What wonld Mrs. Luttrel say? At first she said nothing. And then Dino's voice was beard again. Mother, my mother, do not look at me like that. I must follow my vocation. I wonld have given myself years ago, but I was not allowed. The Prior will receive me now. And nothing on earth will turn me from my resolution. "i have made np my mind." "What !"eaid Mrs. IjuttreQ, very slowly. " JTou will desert me too, after all these years!"-' _ . , Dino answered by repeating in Latin the words—" He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me." But MEB. Luttrell interrupted him angrily. "I want none of your Latin gibberish," she said. " I want plain common sense. If yon go into a' monastery, do yon intend to give the property to the monks? PerhapB yon want to turn Netherglen into a convent, and establish a priory at Strathleckie! Well, I cannot prevent you. What fools we ate to think that there is any happiness in this world 1" . "Mother!" said Dino, and his voice was very gentle, " let me speak to you of another before we talk about the estates. Let me speak to yon of Brian." " Brian 1" Her voice had a checked tone for a moment; then she recovered herself and spoke in hei' usual harsh way. " I know no one ot that name but you." "I mean my friend whom you thought to be your son for so many years, mother. Havevou no tenderness for him? Do yon not think of him with a little love and pity? Let me tell you what he suffered. When he came to us first at San Stefano he was nearly dying ot Rrief. It was long before we nursed him back to health. When I think how we all learnt to love him, mother, I cannot but believe that you must, love him too." "Inever loved him," said Mrs. LuttrelL " He stood in your place. If you had a spark of proper pride in you, you would know that he was yonr enemy, and you will feel towards him as I do." "He is an enemy that I have learned to love," answered Dino. " At any rate, mother"—his voice always softened when he called her by that name—"at any rate yon will try to love him now." "Why now? 1 ' She asked the question sharply. " Because I mean him to fill my place." There was a little silence, in which the fall of a cinder from the grate could be distinctly heard. Then Mrs. Lnttreli nttered a long. low moan. "Oh, my God!" she said. •' What have I done that I should be tormented in this way i" "Mother, mother, do not Bay so," said Dino, evidently with deep emotion. Then, in a lower and more earnest voice, he added —" Perhaps if you had tried to love the child that Vincenza placed within your arms that day, you would have felt joy, .and not sorrow now." , , .„ "Do you dare to rebuke your mother? said Mrs. Luttrell fiercely. " If I had loved that child, I would never hare acknowledged yoa today. Not though all the witnesses in the world swore to your story." " That perhaps would have been the better forme," said Dino softly. "Mother, I am going away from you for ever; let me leave you another son. He has never grieved you willingly; forgive him for those misfortunes w*uch he could not help ; love him instead of me." "Kever!" , . t "He has gone to the other side of the world, but I think he would come back if he knew that you had need of him. Let me send him a line, a word, from you; make him the master of Netherglen ana let me go in peace." " X will not hear iii3 name, I will not tolerate his piesence within these walls," cried Mrs. Luttrell passionately. " He was never dear to me, never; and he is hateful to me now. He has robbed me of both my sons; his hand struck. Richard down, and for twenty-three years he usurped your place. _ I will never see iiiai again. I will never forgive him so long as my tongue can speak." " Then rniv Uod forgive you," said Dino, in a Btr&ngtly; solemn voice, "for you are doing a worse iujusticr, a worse wrong, than that done by the poor woman who tried to Dut her child iu your son's place. Have you held that child upon your knee, kissed his face, and seen him grow up to manhood, without a pirtieli of lovs for him in your heart? . Did y«u eend him away from you with bitter 'reproaches, because of the accident which he wonld have given his own life to prevent? You have spoilt his life, and yoa do not care. Your heart is hard then, and God will not let that hardness go unpunished. Mother, pray that His judgments irnay not descend upon you for this." " Ton nave no right to talk to me in that way," said Mrs. Luttrell, with a great effort. " I have not been unj ust. You are ungrateful If you go away from me, I wi 11 leave all that I possess to Hugo, as I intended to do. Brian, as yon call him—Vincenza Vasari'a son— shall have nothing." " And Brian is to be disinherited in favour of Hngo Luttrell, is he ?' said Dino, in a still lower voice, but one which the listener felt instinctively had a dangerous sound. " Do yon know what manner of man this Hugo Luttrell is, that you wish to enrich him with your wealth, and make him the master of Netherglen?" . " I know no harm of him, she answered. He paused a little, and turned his facewas it consciously or unconsoiously—towards the open door, from which could be seen the screen behind which the unhappy listener crouched and quivered in agony of fear. Willingly would Hugo have turned and fled, but flight was now impossible. The fire was blazing brightly, and threw a red glow over all the room. If he emerged from behind the screen his figure wonld be distinctly visible to Dino, whose face was turned in that direction. What was he going to say 1 " I know no harm of him," 6he answered. " Then 1 will enlighten you. Hugo Lotto 11 knew that Brian was alive, that I was in Engliud, two months ago. A letter from the Prior of San Stefano must have been in some way intercepted by him; he made use of his know i -dge, however he obtained it, to bring the n.tauageB from Brian which were utteily false, to try and induce me to relinquish my claim on you; he forged a letter from Brian for tilt purpose; and finally" Mr?. Luttrell's voice, harsh and strident with emotion, against which she did her best to tight, broke the sudden silence. " Do yoa call it fair and right," she said, "to accuse a man of such faults as theBe behind his back? If you want to tell me anything against Hugo, send for him and tell it to me in his presence. Then he can defend bitnself." " He will try to defend himself, no doubt," said Dino, with a note of melancholy scorn in his grave young voice. " But I will do nothing behind his back. You wish him to be summoned?" " Yes,' I do. Ring the btll instantly.!". cried Mrs. Luttrt.ll, whose loving ardour seemed to have given way to the most unmitigated resentment. " Tell the servants to find him and bring him here." "They would not have far to go," said Dino coolly. " He is close at hand. Hugo Luttrell, oome here and answer for yourself." "What do you mean? Where is he*" exolaimed Mrs. Luttrell, struck with his tone of command. "He is not in this room 1" " No, but he is in the next, Hiding behind that screen. He has been there for.the last half-hour. Yon need play the spy no longer, sir. Have the goodness to avep forward and show yourself." . Theinexorable sternness of his voloe struck the listeners with amaze. Pale as a ghost, trembling like an aspen leaf, Hngo emerged from his hiding-place and confronted the mother and the son. 