"^ FICTION. Front Entlud, Anicrlenn, and Olbcr l'«rlBillc»li. THE LOST DARLING. CHAPTER XIV. AN IBTIlIIi STOUT. Pharez Ellerslie had kept that little drawing of Flor«. Durwood's, mentioned in a prsceding chapter -why, he best knew. When she met him in the morning after that scene in Mrs. Ellerslie's room, FJora felt, as it wer«, imperceptibly, the slow melt- ing of the icy barriera which his distrust had built up between them hitherto. ! Two or three days later, as Pharez Ellerslie halted his horse beside the park gates of the Thames villa which the family were occupying now, a woman asked him for alms. He tossed her some money, andaras" passing in, when with a loud cry she called after hrm. * ? " Master Cecil !" she exclaimed ; " don't you know me ? I'm Jane !,' When Pharez Ellerslie first carne to live at Pern ley, his father's relatives had made the attempt to change his gipsy name to Cecil, and the servants, in spite of the boy's aversion to tho change, had Jjeeîl ordered for a time to address him so. Nobody had called him Cecil now for years. Jane, the nurse of his lost cousin, Regina, had vexed him most of any one in those old days with the sound of the name which was so odius to him. She had" been sent away from Fernloy in disgrace at the time of the disappearance of the heiress, because it was thought but for her carelessness such a misfortune would never have occurred. . Perhaps the old grude helpged to recall her to Pharez's recollection. At any rate he remembered her. The wonder was that she recollected him, who had changed so much ; but he did not think of that. " Yes, sir, it's me," she nodded, looking forlorn enough in her ragged dress to have quite satisfied Lady Sibyl. "There's no luck for me, since I was sent away fromjFernley for what I couldn't help no more than the unborn baby. Nobody would hire me after that, of course, and I've just gone down hill ever since. If you would let me come back, if it was only as the lowest servant, sir-I'm sure I'd be thankful for the crumbs off your table." Pharez looked thoughtful. " Well, well," he said ; " came up to the house, and we'll see." He walked his horse up the avenue slowly, and kept Jane nearly abreast of him, watching her thoughtfully. " Jane," ho questioned at last, " do you think you would know Miss Regina, if you ever carne across her ?" Now that was preoisely the sort of question Lady Sibyl had calculated upon his asking his lost .cousin's eld nurse, if he ever caine across her, and Jane was ready with her answer. " That I would, sir, and I've done my share of looking for the lost baby, too. If she had been olive I should have found her." " You wouldn't have known her, Jane." " Wouldn't I, sir ?" and Jane smiled incredu- lously. " But she must have changed greatly in all these years, you know." " Yes, sir ; but I should have known her, if she' had changed over so much." ' He questioned her with an eagerness that made Jane still more confident in telling hor ingenious story. " What makes you think so, Jane ?" " I don't mind telling now, sir, it's long past. Little miss had a sear on her arm that she got of me, and that she wouldn't be likely to lose as long as the arm was there, I'm thinking." Pharez Ellerslie stepped his horse, and turned in his saddle so as to face the woman. " Come hero," he called, authoritatively. " Now tell that over again." The woman was a coward, and sho coloured and shrank from his stern eye. " Come, come," he said, impatiently ; " I am not angry ; I want to know about that sear." Reassured, the woman told her canning story. " It was the summer before she was lost," she said, "and her beautiful mamma loft her with me a few weeks, while she went a journey. The head laundry girl and me were rare friends, and I used to help her with the clear starching, and so on, some- times, when little miss was good and didn't mind being in the laundry, and she never did, sir. She liked it. But one day she ran laer little fat arm againstí £ho hot end of the quilling-iron, and I thought she would scream her life out. I never told her mamma, for I didn't want to be blamed, and the burn was as good as well by the time she get home. But it was an odd sear and a deep one, and I used to say to myself and Ellen-that's the laundry girl-that I had put my mark on little miss." Jane grew suddenly cold as the thought struck her that if Ellen was there yet she might not cor- roborate this story. But she need not have feared ; Ellen had died long before. Pharez had sat like .a statue listening and em- barrassing the woman not a little by his absorbed gaze. But he attributed her trepidation to the fear of Iseing blamed even at this late day. " You won't let this keep nie.out of a place, will you, sir," she questioned with a show of anxiety. " No, no ; come to the house." And, giving his horse the rein, he swept up the avenue impatiently. As she sprang to the ground he caught from th,o j distant conservatories the gleam of Flora's white j dress, and obeying an impulse and fascination 1 which more and moro drew him toward her, he move swiftly across the park instead of going around the trellised walk. The tremulous smilo and blush with which Flora greeted him, tho shy, warm glance of her dark eye, would have made the heart of a cooler man throb quicker 5 and just no w a wild hope that Jane's strange story might find corroboration in her per- son was so agitating that ho was scarcely himself. Flora beheld him with wonder, and was affected by his unusual warmth of manner to an intensity of joy that gave to her beautiful face a radiance almost dazzling. Flora's dress was that of soft, fleecy white which she affected most, because it pleased Mrs. Ellerslie, and rather strengthened that mythical resemblance of hers to the lost heiress. The sleeves of this dress were loose and floating, but long, and much as Pharez would have given to have seen thope lovely arms bared to the shoulder, he never thought of saying BO, and resigned himself to his agony of suspense till dinner time, when her evening dress would enable him to solve the doubt. But later, when the pair, after lingering in a sort of enchantment more than an hour in tho con- servatories, sauntered slowly toward Mrs. EUerslie's apartments, fortune, or rather Jane, favoured him. They were crossing the grounds to enter by a side door instead of going through the house, and Jane managed to meet them, and to come to a sudden dramatic stand-still, as if Bhe had seen a ghost. This part of Jane's performance was rather over- done, but Pharez Ellerslie was at this moment too excited and too much bedazzled by the liquid lustre of his companion's eyes to be coolly critical, or ex- ercise his us «al calm caution. " It's the old master's face on a woman's shoul- ders," Jane declared, bringing np against a tree and pretending to sustain herself by it. " Jane, will yon come here ?" the young man said, impatiently. Jane carno with seeming reluctance. " Now, who do you think this young lady is," he demanded. " Oh, sir, it's not-it can't be little miss got big, and you never to have told me you had found her ?" Jane stammered, between her fright and her awk- wardness, making a tolerably ridiculous figure, which however, Pharez was too excited to be sensible of. " I wish it were she, Jane, but it is not, from anything we know. This is Miss Flora Durward." Jane stored at the young lady, and the young lady stared back again, palo as her dress, but too self possessed to have any idea, at present, of spoiling her cause by a " dreamy recognition" of this odd old woman, who, she guessed at once, Was the nurse of whom Lady Sibyl had spoken. " I'm only a poor creature," Jane said, at last. " Do you think the lady would lot me see her white arm, just to humour an old woman, miss, that's all." Flora gave a little embarrassed laugh, and glanced inquiringly at Pharez. " Sh'all I ?" she asked. " If you would humor her, as she says." Instantly Flora swept the sleeve back from one exquisite arm. " Not that arm, miss," Jane said, and laughing still, Flora showed the other. " There, sir !-there !-do you see ?" Jane cried, pointing triumphantly to the round, white arm, and then suddenly flinging herself upon Flora's neck, and screaming.- " She's found, she's found !" Pharez had seen that palo, crescent-shaped sear, and stood visibly affectodby this powerful evidence of the identity of Flora Durward with his lost cousin. "Who is she? Who is this woman, Mr. Ellerslie ?" Flora demanded. ¿' Can youtaot^juess ?" Some women can turn pale and blush at will. Flora Duward must have been one of these, for the eager beautiful face was snow wliite, as she lifted it to Pharez Ellerslie. He had drawn quite near her. He seemed to be looking down into her very soul with his passionate eye3. " Oh, Bir," she said, in a voice whose tremor was due to for other causes than he suspected, "don't ask mo to guess who she is-don't tempt me to avow that I remember this woman, anda long room with a large fire at one side. Ugh ! how hot it was. I got this sear there, I believe. Was it this I woman gavo it to me ?" " I believe it was. I believe it must have been, i I believe-you may go, Jano. I will see you soon." When Jane had gone he drew Flora's trembling . hand gently within his arm, and led her on the way they had been going when Jane met them. " I am af nid," he said, " you will not be inclined to forgive mo very readily, if it prove that all thiB time I have suspected and distrusted you wrong- fully." " Please don't," Flora said, lifting her large eyes swimming in tears. " You could never wrong mc." " If Jane tells the truth there remains scarce a doubt that you are my lost cousin." { Ho guided her up the broad white steps which led to Mrs. Ellerslio's apartments. Both hearts were heavy with the same sweet weight. Neither spoke. They went into the presence of the gentle invalid, neither guessing how legibly was imprinted on each countenance the languago of the moment. They-passed swiftly to the side of Mrs. Ellerslie. " AuntJMary," he said, "I have come to ask for your interfusion with your daughter." There was- no emphasis on the word, but he had never spoken it before, and by the emotion which lighted Mrs. EUerslie's face, one could see what chord in har heart had been touched. " What does he mean, Regina ?" she asked, ex- tending her hands. For her life Flora Durward could not help wincing at that name so unworthily applied to her. She bent her quivering lips to the invalid's fragile fingers,'murmuring something scarcely intelligible. Mrs. Ellerslie turned again to her nephew. " If you mean that you are about to gratify the dearest wish of my heart before I die I do not think you need any intercession from me. Do you love my darling, Pharez ? Is that what you mean ?" " I have loved her, aunt, since the first moment I beheld her, I believe, but I would not listen to my heart lest I wronged another. Please to ask her if she will be my wife, after all." Mrs^ Ellerslie could not read all the language of the flushing, drooped face. Its blushes were as honest ¿s? she deemed them, though she might not have thought so if she had known all. She passed an arm about Flora's neck and caressed the girl's beautiful cheek with her hand, saying joyfully : " This is real, is it not ? At last I realize that I have a' daughter indeed. You hear him, my pre- cious one. Will you speak to him or shall I ?" " You," was the scarcely audible whisper. " Say ' mamma,' Regina." " Mamma." " Aad what shall I tell him ?" Mra/Erlerslie laughed softly, like a happy child, " Here, take her away, Pharez. She will not put it in words for my ear." But Floia Lltiug to Mrs. Ellerslie, and would not go. "Well, then, I ulull tell him myself that I am suro you love hun dearly." " Does she tell me true ? Will you be my wife, sweet cousin ?" whispered Pharez, his lips so close that they brushed tho young girl's perfumed hair. Sweet cousin ! Flora's heart was by nature too just and gêneront, not to shrink at those words, but this was her hero who said them. She lifted her head an instant and garo him her little hand with a bashful tremar. " Yes, sir," she said, and hid her faoô again. , And then Pharez, pitiful of her maidenly trepida- tion, pressed his lips reverentially to the little hand, and went away without asking dearer token of that strangely compassed betrothal. 