"fflovclist. n&WUSKESI.; A Love Story. By ATIIA. (Concluded.) CHAPTER III. A montli wont by, nnd Tom Wildolove and his friond woro fully settlod at Eldon- bury. The formor had decided to live with his sister in tho protty rotrcat, and Harry, as a thing ho insisted upon nftor tho first fow days, took up his nhodo at the PiorHotol, boyond tho Domain. " Thero is no knowing how long I may stay in New Zealand,', lio said. ' I havo been a restless Bohomian nil my days, and therefore may find it difficult to sottlo down in a humdrum sort of oxistoncc." "Why notpurohaso aplueo horo, and mako it your homo," suggested Miss Portia Wildolove, " by your own showing your Bohominnism in tho past has not beon coultvr tic. rose." " " " Pooh;'" Madam, T Mr. Maydalo's on- torprising spirit could never brook such a dull life as dura, " responded- Oscnr Bent, with a supercilious air. .r , Tluiy .woro all in the garden together, enjoying tho cool of the Octobor evening; Myra and hor father side by Bido, she with her arm locltod through his, her fnco ra diant with linppiness. Hnrry Maydalo turned his droamy oyes ; upon Oscar as that "gontleman mado this- unnecessary romark. _ - - I' don't think you know mo sufficiently to "warrant your saying -such n thing Mr. Bent," ho said; with just a shado of con tempt inliis tone. " I know the old adago ' about tho rolling stono, but that is not applicable in my caso." : "Well,amaucannotsorvo two masters," responded Oscar "you . cannot, make a good citizon out of n wandoror." : " I bog to differ with you, it is your pilgrjm-j-wcary and worn with trhvol, who !crin best appreciate a homo ; what do you say Myra V" , . r Harry had soraohow glided into tho ' /.f'nnnofilinnr fn hor in small matters ". of conversation, butthatwos not the worst of it. His calling hor Myra without the prefix of Miss, was an impertinence wliioh made Oscar Bont palo with suppressed anger. ' Tom Wildolovo, whoso oyes had boon fixod upon Oscar with a watehful in terest, how filled his pipe and proposed a 1 stroll.; . '-'! ' " We might go ;as far as tho summit of the cliff," ho suggested, " it is many yearn oinco I was at tholovor's Boat." ; ' " Oh, yes, very many years, brother," added tho old maid. "Tho spotsooms to ' ''too liko the brook in somo things— lovors come and lbfbra go, but tho seat keeps there for over." , , " "Bravo, Portia;" cried tfio sturdy old. follow with a laugh, " you havo improved 'upon- the bid song." . They wont up to: thrntop of the jagged rook, Horry keeping by Myra's sido, Oscar sulluly following, in company with tho old ' - damo and liorbrothor. Tho evening was . - - well Buited for suoh a ramble, for, as ; , tlio.'daylight hnd diod put of the sky, tho , full moon lont it, soft ahoen in lieu of it, so .. . that" it aoerned twilight still to the littlo party. ' Tom Wildolovo and Oscar lay on the turf, and Myra and Hnrry sat upon tho lovors' Beat. None of thorn Boomed inolincd to talk savo tho spinster, who pac ing to and fro, like a ppntiiiol.on some night watoli tour, treated them to a lee- , turo on tho advantages and disadvantages of tho falling d< w» After that, it In cn i.o quite a quskors' mooting witli them. Now and thou a few sparks of ciint woro struck, but. thinking was most in favor. It was only whon they began tho roturu journey liomoward Hint thoir tongues wore loos ened. ' " I liko tliat lovor's seat," said Harry, -with a suddenness that surprised every body ; " it is the prottieBt spot on earth ; the view is magniiicont. "Not so wild nnd grand as somo plncfcs , wo hayh visited," said Tom;Wildoloyo. " No,! but richor, more mellow, if X may uso tho torro," replied Harry, " I was novor in a placo I lilcod so woll ; tho littlo good thoro is ill mo wn. suroly uppermost na I sat'thoro to night." "And I felt linppy too," Baid Myra, I liopo our joy is to last." _ . "Why should it noti"': asked Harry eagerly. ' I don't know T' Myra replied, " excopt . wo nro told 110 joy in this life is lasting. 1 \- % - "ilf wodo not niar "onto joy, others do it for us," Oscar interposed. Tlioy did not answer him; and ho said no moro. Tho othora talked gaily all tho way liomo. Harry Maydalo took a groat fancy to that soat on tho cliff; ho was ofton up there, but when alone, tho placo seemed to havo lost all -its charms. Searching for a cause, tho young -adventurer soon dis covered that Myra s presonco was neces sary to mako his joy comploto, and so it dawned upop him that ho had given up his heart, unsolicited to Myra, and hence forth ho could not hopo to livo happily without Kor. It was. a groat discovory, a tromondous revolution, and it appalled him, for ha folt that tho noico of proud Miss Wildolovo was as high— both socially and porsorially — nbovo him as tho heavons aro abovo tho oarth. His fiipt irapulso was to start away at once for somo out of way corner of tho world. Ho oven set himself to scan tho different shipping columns of tho nows- papors, and whon ho had decided on tho voyago, ho changed his mind as suddonly as ho had previously resolved. "Why should I run pwayf" ho said, "That is not tho act of a man ; it would only ho leaving hor open to tho worrying of this maudlin iack-a-napes Bont, who soems na watehful and as morbid as ano of his Mao ri.anco£ tors. ' Tho rivalry between -theso two men becamo moro noticeablo ovory day. In stinctively, Harry folt that Oscar hated him, and hricl.tho latter possessed no moro control over himsolf tnori tho formor, thoro wonld havo beon war to tho knife. Although Oscar was' joalous and angiy at tho pleasure Myra took in tho society of his rival, yet ho folt protty sure of hor. Ho inhoritod abundant vanity from his mother, as well as beauty of person, and ho called to mind tho many happy years thoy had spent almost together, not to fool' certain that Myra loved liim. Ho blamed himsolf for not having put tho ?Ucstion to hor before tho arrival of her ather and his friond, but ho resolved to do so tho first opportunity which pro- soritcd itsolf ; in tho meantimo ho becamo moro attentivo to Myra— just in opposition to nis rival, who became more rcsorvctt and shy in tho presence of Tom Wiidelovo's daughter. Tho spinster did not notice tho chaugo in tho rasnnor of hor young guests, but hor brother did ; ho knew somothing of men and tho world, and ho intorprotcd tboomotions oftlioono,sshosawcloarlytlio object of tho other ; ho did not interfere, howovcr. " Opjiosilion" ho said, " would bo fatal. Myra is a woman, aud if I say what I can discorn.to bo tho truth about this Oscar Bont, she will straightway fall in lavo with hini." Perhaps tho old man was right ; but was Myra really nnd truly in, lovo with hor old playmate? Wo shall sco 1 Oscar Bout had not long to wait for tho occasion to plead his caso. On a cortain day, Mr. Wildolovo and Hnrry went out for a day's dcop-aca fishing, Myra was to havo accompanied them, out at tho last moment, hor aunt was attacked, with a sovoro headdcho, so tho girl remained at homo. That same aftomoon, when the brunt of the old lady b attack had passed away nnd sho lind fallen oaleop, Myra wont out intoiho garden with her noodle-work. -In ono quiot corner there was an ivy-colored bower,1 a favourite lounging place, and thither sho wont. Fivo minutes after wards, Oscar Bent joinod hor. " . Sho "was not particularly surprised or plooscd to see him, but accepted his com ing as a matter of .courso. He was rather palo, and sho askod him if ho was unwoll. " I havo no bodily ailment !" ho said, " but I am not happy." ' Sho looked at him in astonishment now, and saw his gaze fixed upon her with -an expression sho had nevorseen bofore. Sho shrank from it,, though, with an .idea of its meaning dawning on lio- . " Not happy 1" sho repeated. , No 1" ho responded, drawing closor to her; "Myra, dear Myra, I want to ask you to recall something to your mind. Do you remember that dny whon you and I sat upon the lovers' seat, watching tho smoke of the steamor that brought" your father homo 1" \- " Assuredly I do Oscar I it is but a vory short timo ago." "Oan-you recall anything I Baid that day?" " I daresay.I could ; wo talked of many thingB !" ' " But I want you to recall something very partioular." Myra bont down her head thoughtfully, and briofly meditated on tho subject, but nothing came of it. " I am sorry, Oscar," she said, " I can not recall anything partioular. It is very unkind of mo no doubt, but you must re member what nn oxciting day it was." " "Truo, Myra! well, I will recall tho subject. I asked if you would bo sorry if I wont away from Now Zealand ?" » I T fAmnmlinp fhnf. OsonP I Tllll' Vfllt wove jesting," bIio answered, smiling. "Porhnps; but. Myra, can you not guess tho object of the question 1" Again Myra rollectcd, hut reflection did not aid hor n't all. Ho was getting angry now, for .ho folt ho had already got his answer ;. nevertheless ho Btonimod tho torrent of his wrath, nnd pressed his suit. " Slyra," ho said, " I am going to say to-day wliat I ought to lmyo said then. Wo havo boon scliool-fullows, liavo grown up woman and man togcthor, nnd you havo so booomo pnvt and parcel of 'myself, that I " - . "Oscar,- you must psrdon me, but I think I hoar my aunt's voico," sho cried hurriedly. . t , "Nay, you cannot go until you havo licard me,' lio answered, barring tho way. i "No, no, you had hotter hot speak," mm snui, ill a iuiniuiuinn«-0. ._ - ..... ..w. sure 1 understand, but if I do I should bo very sorry to " "Sorry, Myra! would you bo sorry to lcni-n that I lox'o you ?" " No, not with tho old love ! " What old lovo 1 Mino has been tho same throughout ali-thoso years 1" - "I moan brotherly lovo, Oscar.' His great black oyes flashed out at hor. " Myra, mini) is. not a brotherly lovo, it is something deeper, potter tlinn that 1' " No ! no I Oscar I" "But I say, , yes I yesl" lio cried vehemently, "it is -tho love tliat binds inon aud women togothor for time, and aa somo heliovo, through otornity. I ask you, Myra, to bo my wifo ?" siio'covored.hor fnco with linnds for a momont, without: replying; thbn sho looked up at him, and, tho tcavB woro in horoyes. . ,. '. ;!, , "I.liavo novor thougiit of you in thnt wny, Oscar, nor over, could i" slio .'said; "my love for you has licen sistorly fronj tlie lirst , and will over remain so ; tlio'ilis- cov'ory I 'have made has . inexpressibly painod mo. I wish from my heart you had not utterod what you havo I" "Perhaps if I had spoken two months ago, it would havo boon different I1' His voico was hard and cold now-; all tho Maori in him was uppormost. "What hss two months ago to do with it, Oscar? It'- would havo boon tiiosamo tlion aa it is -now 1" " I do not believe it 1" "Oac Mr. Bontl" "I repeat I do not heliovo it," ho cried, stamping hia foot. It waa a doliborato insult to hor, and sho drew horsolf proudly up, and signed for him to stancLout of nor path. " I cannot talk furthor with you now," aho said. "Myra — —Miss Wildolovo; hoar mol" " No moro, sir." " You aro offonded ?" "It la a direct insult to doubt tho truth of what I say. If you aro a gontlomnn you will stand asidor' " Ono moment. If Harry Maydalo had not come, then " Ho stopped ohort, for tho hitherto meok and gontle Myra, becamo suddonly trans formed into an outraged woman.; "Howdaroyou?" alio cried, hor bluo eyes ablazo with scorn. "By .what right do you protend to read tho socrot of my heart?" "You lovo this uncouth, ignorant Bohomian !" Bnocred Oscar. " I do not deny that I lovo a manly, noblo follow, who is utterly incapablo of playing tho part of a bally I sho answered, with withering contompt ; aro you satis fied now ?" And then ho let hor go. CHAPTER IV. From that timo a chaugo came ovor Os car Bont. Ho did not cease his visits to Hawksncst, or show any different feolings to Myra, savo that he was less attentivo than of yore, but moro courteous in his demeanour whon-thoy mot. Tho change Jay in hisgenoral modo of action. Hithor- Co no lulu ucon tnoprincooiiuiorof now no becamo vigorously activo. Swimming, boating, and fishing became his solo atudy. An old fisherman, who lived aloneamongst tho crags of Mount Tangahiti and who know ovory shoal and rock along tho coast, was. tho young fellow's coach and tutor, and ho found in Oscar a willing and apt student. Myra was glad to noto tho chango in him. Hia present modo of living convoyed tho impression to her womanly aoul, a dcop and lasting regret for his misconduct, and not that tdono, but this vory distraction from his previous pursuits appeared only as a means whereby ho sought to forgot his lovo. If such was tho cose, Oscar bad succeeded to perfection, for tho girl roadily forgavo him and roturnod to hor old ways in his company. Tho chango had its effect also upon Myra's fathor and his friend. By dogrocs tho prejudice felt by those twain against him molted away. Ho was so hearty and gonial to both, that, thinking thoy had hastily misjudged the man, thoy wero all the moro xoady to extend tho hand of mumwiiijr. Meanwhile, Myra andjHarry woro drawn togothor, with the inevitable result. Thoir hearts had long beat insympathy, and thoir lips could not withold tho socrot. Ho pro posed in his honest, straightforward fash ion, anil was accepted. Sho lovod him, and why should sho bo prudish and assume a' doubt when no doubt existed ? So she said, " Yes;" : and there waa great rejoic ing at HawksneBt; - Oscar Bent was very warm in his con gratulation.- Ho told Myra that ho was ileasod nt her choice in spito of what had- mpponed, and to Harry ho saidthat of all man in New Zealand, ho would havo chosen him to marry his " sister iMyra." Harry thanked him and replied thnt ho would endeavor to make hor happy. Ho purchased a block, of land near the villn, and gave ordors for tho erection of ^sub stantial dwelling thereon. As Oscar showed soma architectural taste, ho was often consultod about tho work going on, Ho gave his advice clieorfuUy nnd seemed anxious nbout tho house as if it had been his own. Whilo all theso preparations wero going forward, Oscar ana Harry spent muoh of tho timo togothor in tho formor's sailing boat, cruisinu about tho rooky coast. -Harry was vory fond of tho wntor, and Oscar's cutter was n . wonder in tho.way of boat building. ' - It wanted juBt a week to tho all import ant dny, tliat was to sco Myra and Harry man anil wifo, whon Oscar nnd Maydalo wont out for a day's sail. It was n Into autumn day, rather cold, with a olnipping wind kndfcking about tho sen. Tom WildoioVo holped them to got tho boat ready, and ndvisod them to keep woll in shore. " There is no knowing what suoh a morn ing may bring forth in tho way of a galo uiu tiu o«»m. . ( Wo aro not going fnr, Bir," answered Oscar; then turning to Harry ho added, " If you think thoro'B anything to fear, pray don't go," Harry liiiiglioil. ' - " I've boon iisod to n rough life, and thdroforo don't mind rough wonther. Be sides 'you can maniigo your boat to . perfec tion." , ' ; " No man hotter, I'll go bail," ejacu lated Jack Cod, the old fisherman, who stood by, smoking a Bliort blnok outty. _ Thoy ran tljo boat down and leaped in as sho "shot into tho scq. .Tho square main sail nnd foresnii woro set, with' o roof in tho former, and Oscar took the holm. " I tliiiik wo will, run out.by tho Tonga Reof, wo got less wind thoro," ho said. "I understood tlio Tonga rocks woro daiigOrous," replied Ilnrry. o iiiusu wnu njivu Jiut< evuuiuu uiuui, no doubt tlioynvo," responded his com panion, " liiit. .there .is no real pleasuro without a triflo of danger to givo it zest, 'i know ovory foot of- this const, and can sail within pistol shot of tho roof. You shall soo." ' As tho boat got out- into the trough of tho short waves ho was in high spirits, and liis manner was moro liko that, of a Bohool boy lot looso for a'holidny than a man out for an hour's onjoymont. . - " You are gajr, this morning, 1 Osoai-." " Vory gay, iny. friond , You shall wit ness somo fino sailing this day, if tho wind onlyholds." " It will lioldi I tliink." ' II hopo so. Bosido I havo a surprise in storo for you, Mcydalo." ' "Whatisit?" . - - " You shall soo prosontly."- Tho Tanga rockB lay about two miles and a half to tho oast of tho cliffat Eldonbury, ami , tlioy wero yyortjiy of. bpihg termed I dnngeroua. Black i\i, appeaynneo, imd fatal.to any vessol, largo or smnllthat ohanco might cast in thoir vioinity. At high tidothoy peepod no moro than a fow foot above tho waves on a calm day, and whon tho wind was high,, foam alone marked their whereabouts. At low tido thoy woro still surrounded by water, for thoy woro ugly, razor-backed mosses of stone, -that had thoir foundation in tho sand full fifty fathoms down. . On this day, and at tlio hour tho boat started, tho tido was alpiost at its highest point, and nothing but foam about them could bo seen. As they drow nearer, Harry, who had somo little knawlodgo of seamanship, saw that tho plnco presented ono huge bar of whilo curling broakora in front, and to right and loft of tliem, with not so muoh as tlio ghost of a passsgo for tho boat, wliioh was now madly plunging right in amongst them. "It is madness to attompt a passage thoro, ho shouted. " Pat up tho holm I" " Yon coward, bo quiot," criod his com panion, laughing hoarsely. " I told you I was going to surprise you, so I am!" " Put up your holm, or by tho " " Do you threaten mo, and here!" in- torruptod Oscar, with an oath, his face suddonly assuming tho ferocity of atigor- cst. Harry saw tho chango, and know what it meant. Ho had seen many dangerous mon during his wondorings, and ho saw that ho had ono to doal with now. " H — 11 eoizo you," yelled tho now in furiated Oscar. " Koop back from mo. Tho sight of you is poison to my soul. For months I'vo played my gamo and fooled you all. I'vo brought you to your fato, and yonder whito-facod eat at homo may mow for your coming until tho trump of doom." Bcforo ho could utter another word, Harry throw himsolf upon him, and a fu rious strugglo took plnco for tho posses sion of tho tiller. Thoy wero bath strong men, ono witli a latent devil in him fight ing for rovongo, tho other battling for his lifo. Do all ho could, Harry Maydalo could not movo his antagonist from his grip of tho holm, until tho frail vessol crashed upon tho rocks. "Hurrah I Tins shall be your wedding- day," shrioked Oscar, and tho next moment tho sea and rocks rant tho craft to pieces, nnd both men wont down. Thoy woro locked togothor as tho waves cast them up again to tho aurfaco, and Oscar, boing nearest to tho sharp-cutting reefs, recoivcd a cruel blow, which in stantly caused him to roleaso hia hold upon liia rival. Harry was a strong swimmor, but ho was half stunned, andblindcd by tho spray. Ho felt that tho chances of oscapo woro small, hut tho thought of Myra norved him to mako tho oDort. \- How long ho fought with tho whirling eddies, nna tho seething cauldron into which ho had boon cast, ho novor could estimato. A man will fight hard for his lifo, and especially a -man on tho ovo of boing married. Aftor much buflcting, nnd when hia strength was woll-nigh gone, Harry Maydalo found himsolf in smoother water. Even hero ho was tossed nnd tumbled about liko a worthless cork, until suddenly a fnr-off voieo readied his oars— "Ahoy, matoi This way;" and tho oxnnustca swimmer anew it was cno voico of Jack Cod, tho fishorman. By-and-hy a boat approached, and a rope was cast clpso to him, which ho soizod mid held. " I saw your danger, my lad, and put out aftor yo," cried tho old salt, as he hauled Harry into tho smack. "But, I say what has become of Mr. Oscar ?" " Whore is lie,?" gasped Harry. There was a pause for a moment, and tlron Jack cried out — - " Ah, thoro ho is, in tho whirlpool! of tlioTnnga!" "Stoorfor him. Fifty pounds' if you savo him !" The fishormun Btoerod, but it was too lato. Oscar Bent, liko his antagonist, was completely oxhauBted. Just nt tho moment whon ho saw his hntcd rival snfo in tlio bant, a huge wave lifted him bodily up, and dashed him a mangled corpse- on tho roef. "A dangorous mail, Harry. You had a narrow squeak for it, hoy," said Tom Wildolovo. "I had indeed,' sir," snid the young fellow, dolling his hat, with a focling of rovoronco and gratitude. Tho two worp-wnlking tlio littlo gnrden- nath before tlio villa, a weak after tho tragic nffair, at.tho Tanga rocks. " It was wiao of you to koop tho nffair to yoursolf, Hnrry. "Ayo, Bir. Butter bear it than lot Myrivkiiow .what was hiddon in hor old playmate." . " To ho sure, lad. Your wedding will have to bo postponed for three monthB ; thnt will bo a trial." " Perhaps, sir." - And so it was sottlod. Only two men in Eldonbury know tho socrot of that catastropho at tho Tanga Roof. 