Metropolitan Gossip. ' , fProm Our Correspondent.! r Melbourne, January 29.; It maiy not Ibe, I think it is not geheis ally known, that the police constables who parade up and down at the intersec tions of the Melbourne streets, keeping vehicles out of the way of tramcars, are. not paid even* a portion of-their salaries by the company-towhicbthey render such §*o?3pl - service. The _ public seem to have a happy belief that whenever con stables are sent to assist in keeping order .where private individuals are concerned^, a'riioe sum.-is paid to the Government funds. This. is. not .the. case in. this, in ^tpncej arrdtherejare fewyvfiowill not wo'iv d'er at so much attention. being given, to a large company, for which the pooE'tax> : ' payer- has to pay. The returned colonista wlwv,were.fortu nate enbiighirb- share the hospitalities of' the British aristocracy- daring the period . of the' -Iadoi<3olouial Exhibition,. have a story^ in. fact-several stories^ tetell of the mode, in which the interests of Yicxoria.. _ were • represented at the 'great show,.: . Ministers of the crown, gentlemen 'holding!; ■ • high -official and professional positions in "Victoria, were to be seen; cooling theie heels-in the anierchamber _of the Presi- , dent and- Secretary, who dispensed invita tions to the- houses, of the nobility andl gentry,. with.. a. discriminating care- that, teft almosteveryone out in the cold1,,except, a ohosem few who. were " of our set."' The-President being of weak , healthy and having lost heart early in, the day* owing to. Mr. Berry taking' the K,C.M;G,-8hip» ' away from. him,, allowed, things to. take- - thjiir,. Aourse,- .apd- handed the entire jj management, over to. his Secretary., who. undertook, to^do the, honors, with layishj profusion, that would:have- done credit to. aiy.oung diikc.-i • A. Victorian lady-wlTo had; . accompanied her husband to.the scene of;. festivities^ remarked: to a friend of. mine,. " Wfell,. my; husband is supposed, to be, . worth-, at least^.SOOjOOOand ~holds-a-fore— — |hkisfc position iri.-the colony; but he nop Id.' ^ not atfobd to%ive tne?a hewMre^fore^eiy)- u. dinner party-- and; ball to whi.ch: tbe colbnistehave- been, invited^, yet. Mrs.. ; >. ..ican,do it,.and: her husbandi -Jhaeu;-. ohjy a small salary." " Xes,"'was tfie re-' * H>indterj " bat-it makes;all the: difference; if the-grandeur forms a portion.of tfia-eXr penses of the exhibition.!' . ." Talk-about the three black crows;. A. jfew nights ago, in one of the suburbs, a., 'shopkeeper and his. wife- went to the theatre, leaving the house and:an infant, child! in the care of, a, nurse girl; some 15> years of age. About nine; o'fclock-screams 'were heard proceeding from-the-shop, and- i siiddenly the girl appeared with, the infant; jin a state of. terror, yelling voeiferously,. and stating that robbers had broken in> .and were ransacking the place." Havings* ;handed over the baby she slammed- the-', -door, which closed with*a catch; arid ram' io£F. A crowd immediately collected; The? jpolice-soon arrived, and. the greatest ex— . jciteineut prevailed. At lengtfi. someone- . on the street shouted' out,. " There's, •the- burglars getting out on the roof by ■ the skylight." The street by.- this- time; i was thronged with people,.so nuich.-so that the 'buses could not pass, audi had to re— -.main standing while an effort wasonade :to obtaiUiladders to reach the-ronf; Two ; were got aud^plgqp4-Sigainsc the wall/ hut, jtbe constables declined-, to- mount; The |crowd thereupon began to-hoot'aml taunt; j them,.and cries;of'" shame"cauie from alE ; directions. Assistance - liHving .been pro— • •cured from- the„station,.dhe-'fr'jnfc door was br<ikeu;hpen. The shop was fonndi tq be- empty atid iritact. With difficulty ; the crowd^ouUl b; kept back; while the; I police "seiu^j^ Mie pVeinises from,-celiac ,to roof/withThe-result thnt-thwne was not .even the ghost of "a, bunglar to- be dis covered,. After- about two bi.urs'of fool ing the nurse girl was caught andques tioned.. when, she stated; that sh- had. heard, a. noise and thought that there ! might be-burglars in-the house. About three years ago it became ap- , parent that a- wholesale system of fraud; was; being; perpetrated at one of the sub urban- railway stations. Without arous ing suspicion, that anything was supposed} to be wrong, a smart stationmaster -was; drafted-down, from; the country aud placed ; in. charge with instructions that he was j'to trace the theft. In- the course of a few weeks he succeeded in discovering as ' prettily worked a swindle-as could be con ' ceivedi. The little affair- wa3; worked by i two. individuals who had the handling of the' tickets, and- it was, of course, imme diately exposed ;; but as the offense was difficult of' proof, somehow the commis sioners did not push, matters to an ex tremity.: The stationmaster, however, Hues ever since been a marked man by his co officials.. On one occasion, he happened to cross-"the street when, an express flew by. '■ The. porter- on duty telegraphed to the commissioners, " Express.gone by, no re-, sponsible, officer on the station." In quiry and, admonition,ensued; Last week ' the same stationmaster was bailed- hp. while travelling on, the line /-ha was. found in a first-Glass carriage with a se— cppd-cla'ss ticket. Report, forwarded. It was made to- appear, that the supposed de linquent not only travelled himself on the line- contrary to the regulations, but that he had a woman with him-.. But it turned! out that he' whs unaccompanied,, and that' he had: paid for a first-class,, "although in a. mistake, he had' been- handed a second class . ticket. .What a sweet Midi sultry time of it must that statienmaster enjoy. Moral—don't play the- pimp even for a., commissioner. The detectives ane paid for it, andThey should be- made to do the dirty work of thedeparfcment. A new form, of snobbery has developed lately in Melbenrne society. It is in the matter of nomenclatures, The idea is to give babies a variety of Christian, names,, which are borrowed; from, individuals to-, wards whom the happy father shows all that gratitude which springs from a lively sense cffirture favors in. the i shape of silyer rings >nd presents, suitable-, to cer tain little abihestic events, about which! bid crusty bachelors are not supposed te know anything. A Government official,, employed in the Legislative Chambers, being desirous of paying a compliment to his friends, christened his child McBain Willonghby -Snooks. In the treasury a cute deck asked and obtained permission, to designate bis offspring Gillies Coalition Baggs. Another aspiring understrapper got Mr. Bosisto to stand godfather for a youngster who- will be known in history as Bosisto Eucalyptus Brown. All the changes arb said to have been rung by ehthuriiratic liberals upon- Mr; Berry's; name, and there can be no doubt that it" aJLwds great scope for variety, -not for telling' dogberry, gooseberry,' mulberry,, strawberry/' raspberry, but Willoughby Mac Bain Snooks takes the cake. "Bough on Itch."—"Bough on Itch" cures skin humors, eruptions, ringworm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chillblains. itch, ivy poison, barber's itch. 3rd 9X7-1021 The steamers now take freight from. Adelaide to Melbourne at 5s per ton. The Melbourne Argits, writing Jon. the State of Europe, remarks :—As the cen tury commenced in strife, so it may close in ruin and carnage—with Europe a reek ing battle held—and this after nineteen ceuturies of Christianity. 