TOWN TALK. The headings of the news matter which appears on the fourth page of this issue are as follow :—The Corporation Elcctious, A Flourishing Society, Meredith Shire Count cil, Drysdale, Coursing, Cricket, and Foot ball. Renter telegraphs that Mr O'Brien, editor of a Dublin Nationalist newspaper, who was recently arrested for using seditious lan guage, has declared that if he is convicted and sent to prison he will not perform the tasks there allotted him. Le Temps, the leading Parisian journal, while regardiug the arrest of Schuaebel fi($ as of no political importance, regrets the incident as likely to revive soreness between France and Ger many. The jnry in the inquest on the recent disastrous fire iu the Theatre Royal, Exeter, returned a verdict of accidental death, at the same time ceusuring the city authorities for not enforcing the regulations providing for proper means of exit, and the architect of the building for not making sufficient provision for safety in drawing the plans. Next Tuesday, iu the Legislative As sembly, Mr Langdon will ask the Commis misiouer of Trade and Customs by what authority the duty of lis 3d per cwt. on twine used for binding grain with tbe reaper aod binder machines is collected, and whither, in the interests of the farmers, he will cause such duties to be abolished. Mr Langdon, M.L,A, will on Tuesday next, in the Legislative Assembly, ask the Commissioner of Crown Lands aud Survey whether he has matured any plan by which the Government will supply wire netting to farmers occupying land in the rabbit in* fested districts ou a reasonable payment by instalment system. At a meeting of the legislative committee of the towu council last evening some little discussiou took place with regard to a formal agreement with Mr J. W. Sommers, lessee of the Exhibition buildings, whereby the council undertakes to pay him the sum of £100 for the recently constructed anaexe, providing that it shall be included in his lease of the other property, thus eventually falling into the possession of the council ; and that he fulfils the conditions with reference to iusurauce, etc. The document, which had been prepared by Mr liarwood, the Corporation solicitor, was referred to the council for approval and signature. Mr James R. M'Ghie, the passenger by the ill-fated barque Derry Castle, which left Geelong last March for England, was a fellow passenger with Mr St. John Caws, musician, of this town, on board the mail steamer Clyde, which arrived from London in December of last year. Mr M'Ghie, who hails from Ballyclough, Ross-brien road, Limerick, came to this colony to recruit his health, and, after returning from a trip to New Zealand, was about to go back to England by steamer. On visiting Geelong he read Mr Caws' pamphlet describing the sensational voyage of the sailing ship Loch Sloy, from this port, and changed his intention and determined to make the passage to England under sail, and picked his berth in the Derry Castle, in which vessel Mr Caws was about to return to the home country. Business affairs in Geelong prevented Mr Caws proceeding to sea, and Mr M'Ghie went alone on that voyage which proved so fatal to the majority of the people on board the Derry Castle. The council of the Gordon Technical Col lege met at the town hall lastr evening ; Mr Davey occupying the chair. --The principal business was to select a design 'for the prize certificate for tho opening .Exhibition, but this matter was postponed till Tuesday evening next, when a full meeting of the council is expected. Correspondence from the Central Board of Health in connection with the requirements at the new bnilaing was dealt with, and accounts amonnting to £310 ISs 9d were passed for payment. The Hon. Joseph Jones, ex-M.L.A,, died at his residence at Baiiarat yesterday morn ing. For many years he was one of the representatives in the Legislative Assembly of the Baiiarat West constituency. After being defeated for that electorate he was elected one of the Parliamentary represen tatives of Viliiera and Quytesbury, . bnfc did not long retain tho seat. Upon his retire ment from politics he lived a calm life,' and for the past few years, owing to indifferent health, ho has takeu no active part in public matters. It has been reported to tho police that Wil liam Olsen, aged 111/2 years, and Arthur Wincey, aged 10 years, have absconded from their licensed service. Olsen left the house of Mrs Jane Magnor,. Hope-street, Geelong West, on the 13th inst., and Wincey left the residence of Mrs'Sarah Nicholson, Geelong on the 12th inst. -'Another, lad named James Forben, absconded from the service of Mr James Henderson, farmer, at Oamperdown, an the 8th inst. The Ballarat Evening Poet says: — " Thd lerioaa results attcuding the foolhardy prac tiee of ' playing ghost,' and similar actios, are exemplified in the case of a yonng woman named Smith, aged 19 .years, a reei* dent of Enreka-street, who now lies in a very dangerous condition from the effects of a fright. It seems that at about 10 o'clock on Friday night last she was returning home from a temperance meeting, in company with I her Bitter, when they were met by a man, masked iu some hideous manner, and who approached Miss Smith with the intention of laying hands npon her. She screamed, and made her way home, which she reached in a condition bordering upon insanity, and has since been seized with 12 fits of a very pain ful ur.tnre. Dr. Low is in "attendance, and as the patient has developed suicidal tendon ciee, she is watched night and day." . A resident of Pnebla named J. T. O'Uallaghan was granted in Chambers on Wednesday an order to set aside a judgment obtiined against bim, on 22nd February, by Messrs Green and : Crookett for 42s 'and costs. This was alleged to be for the ba lance of a promissory note given by tho defendant. He said he did not owe it, bat did not appear, as he did not know it was necessary. Execution was issued, and his selection sold to J imes Everest, of the Bank of Australasia, Yarrawonga, for : £20. Th n lefeudant (reports the Telegraph) said hit was unaware of the sals until he sold hi selection for £425 in July, and then die covered chat a transfer from the sheriff was regittered. He said there had been some negotiations bttween himself, Green, Croc kett, and Everest, for the sale to one Craw* ford for £425, bnt that he (the defendant) would not complete the sale. The defendant waB also allowed time to defend. There is a steady demand existing for the Waurn Ponds stoue in connection with buildings in the metropolis. The material ia being used for the public offices and Coffee Palace in Prahran, the new Bank-of Austral asia, the Hotham Terrace, Simpson's .Road" Wesley and Trinity Colleges, and St. Paul's Cathedral, in Melbonrne; and also at the poblic offices at Shepparton. The Railway department receive from Messrs M'Cann and Son, of Waurn Ponds, £75 per month for the carriage of the building materials. Messrs Huddart, Parker and Co., received a telegram on Wednesday from Messrs Butob, Philp and Co., the Sydney agents of the British - India Steam Navigation Co., to the effect that the steamer Bhnndara, from Calcutta for Bris bane and Southern ports, had been stranded in Banca Straits. She got off again, and proceeded to Batavia to disharge her cargo, thence going to Singapore to be doeked. "We learn that there is every likelihoodof the proposed Lome Water Trust being gazetted forthwith. The matter has been long de ferred, and the Winchelaea shiroeouneil have not been able to ascertain the cause. On Wednesday last Mr Forrest, M.L.A., aecom panied by Mr A. T. Moran, engineer for the shire, and who is entitled to every credit for performing the initial work of the sohemefor supplying Lome with water,interviewed with the secretary of the Watsr Supply Department (Mr Langtree) and Mr S. Murray, engineer, in-ohief. To these officials they imparted certain information which was required by the minister, and received from them an aa Burance that the gazetting of the TruBt would not be any futther delayed. The Evening Journal (published iu Ade laide) of Saturday last contains » woodcut portrait of the hon. J. C. P. Johnson, Mini ster of Education in the colony of South Australia. He is a native of the oolony mentioned, and was born in 184S. Mr John| aon came with hia parents to GeeloDg, where his father, a barrister, 'practised his profes sion for many years, and the lad received his education at the old Geeloog National Gram mar School. Mr Johnson afterwards returned to Adelaide, and got a position on the literary staff of the S.A. Pcjlster, afterwards became editor of the Adelaide PuHch, and in 1584 was elected parliameu. tary representative for Oukaparinga. He is Minister of Education in the Playford administration. Many of Mr Johnson's old friends will no donbt be pleased to bear oE bis Euccess. The meanness of which mankind is capable has' never yet been thoroughly plumbed. Instances innumerable of persons who have rewarded the restoration to them of sap posed irrecoverably lost Talnables with the stereotyped bnt intrinsically valueless "Thank yon," or who-have repaid the unfoitnnate finder, speaking figuratively, of each article they have missed with the still meaner bnt historical " penny for his pains," have been chronicled ad nauseam, bnt, perhaps, it has been reserved for us to supply the climax of meanness. On Wednesday evening many .persons jour neyed to Belmont by the bus (Mr W. Walker's line), .and amongst them was certainly one who must be facile princeps in the degradation of swindling. Yesterday morning, on the ticket-box of the 'bus being opened and its contents examined, a "single first-class railway ticket ' from Melbourne to Geelong ("nicked" in one place) was found, it having evidently been put in in lieu of a 'bus ticket, to which it bears a ■narked similarity. The railway ticket ia dated '"Sept. 21et," a0 that whoever travelled upon it did so on Wednesday, and forgot to hand it to the porter at the local railway Btation, as he or ahe Bhonld have done. Publicans and others are reminded that the quarterly sitting of the Licensing Court, for the hearing of applications for transfers, and for general business, will be held on Tuesday morning next, at 11 o'clock, beforo Messrs Heron, Carr, and Thomson, P.Ms. In another column is published a discus aion which took place at a meeting of the legislative committee of the. Town Council last evening with reference to the forth coming clectious. The committee has been advised by Mr" Harwood that the elections will not be legal unless some alteration or improvement is made in the existing bye laws. ; The fines of £10 and £5, respectively, im posed upon two youths named William Elliott and Patrick Ryan at the Police Ccurt on Wednesday morning, for insnlting be havior, were paid during the evening of the same day, and the prisoners aceordingly set at liberty. Elliott's acts of larrikiniam have cost him—or his friends—£20 within a week. It will be remembered that he was fined £10 ou Saturday last, before the; local magis trates, for having behaved in an insulting manner in Sardinia Park. The - Mayor and Mr Belcher were the magistrates who altsiided at the "Police Court yesterday morning. They appended their signatures to blank criminal and eivil sheetB. ' Although the weather was very stormy last night, the attendance of the pablic at the bazaar and sale of- giftB in the Chiiwell Wesleyan sohool-room was particularly gratifying. A capital business was trans acted at the different stalls, and the promenado concert was apparently greatly oojoyed. The bazaar will be open tble afternoon and evening. Owing to repeated landslips which have taken place from time to time on portions of the Mndgee railway line, and the fact that slips of a more or less Berions character are always liable to oconr, it is proposed to make deviations with a view of avoiding the pre sent dangerous portions of the line. Fifty men and two ballast traina aro cooBtantly employed at preseot in improving the lice. It is reported that the cotter Two Friends, which left Bowen Straits for M'Arthur river on the 25th September, last year, was last seen about the 10th October, according to the natives, at a place known to the Malays as Eereja, close to JuuctioD Bay. The natives said that the crow and passengers went ashore and wer^ killed and eatsn.j ilr Do well has gi'sa notice of mot on in the Yew Smith Wales Assembly agtming t"e desirability of introducing a bill is place •under more perfect control a21 places of public amusement, especially with the view of leadening the risk from fire and panic. A postman at Whitby. "Yorkshire, named Percival, hasfast completed his fortieth year of service. He has served noder 14 post master generals, walked 7000 miles in the discharge of his duties, and delivered 5,000,000 of letters. The Geelaag Local ParHameui wifl. meet trr- evening, at eight o'clock. The armnal meeting of the "Wiachelsea Crxk-t Clnh wSl be hell as three o'clock *n?s afternoon. Xext yiozz&sy; evening a meeting -will be held fa. use Wellington. Houl re tn<> estshlish. of a State school at t>w* v»~ Thehou. secretary of the Catholic Orphan ages Fancy Pair moss gratefully acknowledges the receipt of 51 each hoia Mr M. J, Cvr Hdonaada frtend A meeting of al: interested in the estahl 'sh meat of a telephone exchange in Geelong w.ll be h=I i in the Town Hail as four o'clock this afternoon* This evening an address will be denreredin. the Y.M.C. A- rooms so the Young Women's Chrbtian. Association by a lady aaa Mel bourne. This wes^s Melbourne Punch, contains, among other woodcnts, portraits of several prominent football plijers in the Geelong, Carlton, and other dob?. Tm* evening a lecture cn " Egypt and the Holy Land will be delivered ia'the Yarra sseet Wasleyaa church. by the Her. J. S. Greer and Mr J. Ingamel s. dominations for two vacancies in the school board of advice of the West riding shir© of Bancotkbum, must be made before 4 p.m. on the 29-h fast. The last football match of the season wiH be played to-nr rr jw afternoon between the Es sences. and Gedjcg clubs, on the ground of the last-named cl:b- _ The sieaicrr E nca will not make her usual ±-in from 3Itljvarne Geelong tc- day, but wi-1 resame running on S *tcrday. Messrs G. Siwytr and Ge„ cr»pers, of Men rab ^cl-streer, intimate in our advertising fn'wgri< that they w2i show, at their establish ment, to-day- spring goods of gr^at magniS cetce. Mes^s Robinsor. Bum* and Sparrow desire to cal theattmrion of all interested to the aa»- trtU day. of a lirge quantity of brewer's riant at the brewery known VvlnatVj Corio We have received from Dunedis, Yew 2eal&i.c;, Mr Louis H- Srharrers^npvrting 'jtaie. tor the season IScz-S. It is a rtzy hancy book of reference, and is easily carried in the waistcc-it pocket. 1 he guide has much useful information, put together in a concise fnt-rr. 