ca CHAPTER' XXIL.-Gabriel's' Searnli. Fon some minutes Gabriel looked 'at the registers vacantly; He was afraid - n to open "them; ::whenhe closed~ them sh again, liae slidld :kniowhis fate'' His ye mother's sweet eyes and taLdy May' 'beautiful face seemied to. shine_ upon th .him'from the cover: The hooks held mt all ;or; nothin"'. for hi .-. twaslittle woudetl that he hesitatedi before open sai ing them.: A : pryer rose frumhis hear t :tpiils , lips as he ope ed t:he oldest' volume bri first. .He w ent throunghit cariefu lyi, 1here was no trace in it of lisiiaoth-' thi er's inarringe, afnd he closed it geutly' al He openied the second, turnip'. at in; onceto.the latter.pairt. Now fleaven wh help him to be patient and calm ! thi He began with-the year 18-, the right"'ear. He fouind two marriages wa entered in the mouth of February, the tbree in, April, oi?i ii ' May, ; his mother's marriage had taken place in is t Tune' The entr es of the months rat June,July,and Auigus~ were'missing. am There was. one leaf of Septeqiber and the leaves for the rest of the yeiar. or were missing. ,be He satquite still. for some' time;, ' o.-.ri-b-'lem.d, by his "hitter disnp- thi pointment. -Tiine ntiy of his imother's for marriage nras niot there. He could hardly realise it ?t :first. Then he InC said the words over 'to `i"hnelf to ret impress them on :his miind. ch.i 'I canuot find it ; it is mttsing.'. r When he rcpiateil thei wori ssever al times, the full sense of them caine wh home to him. .He had failed ; his- lar search vas vain l?i had lost all. Hop ing against hopc lie d:slowly ent an ever the lea:es againn He read each the name'; ittht of Hilaryiv airne was wa nowhete top be found. He sat quite 'co silent: anid- 'still.. :Mechanically:he hel raised .his head airl'loookad through a wit small square window at the church- cod yard. .: · ' ": After all it matte; d:litýte,i he id int to lhimself. A few more years, and. hai lhe. ould be sleeping as those in .the tib chuichy.rd slept. Wlia 'differeince lyi couIlditia.miake ivheihr oil hisi gris~e. ca .iton'the iiane of'e Gabriel. Holmes' hy or 'Gabriel Ardern' was chiseled? of. SHe' must resign himnself :tdo is . ite fa tre and be patient. 'It was all)over.. tiie hope cf that.had stirred. hiss blood; te the.sweet face of his love seemed :to ta 'fade"farther aeid forther frbmhim.' ch : ie had tried to school hin:self; so that ehen the time should comnic that ret "brought disappointtment with it he .would bear it well. But his ease was yce -hard';-heiiaa sn iibarly reached the sot goal of his wishes, and now he had to toL retire. If he had never known of set the golden chance of wealth and love wl: hebiwould have been content all his no life but to know of it, to dream of it, qu and to lose it ! thi •The chiming of thelbells aroused -him ;for at the pretty old chrch the Gi chimes played every three loars. The air now was ' The Blue-hbles of re, Scotland ;' a,*d ueover while Gabriel ' t lived did be rprget it. 1!e iroe from al. hi.i';iP?t;.and the rector; hearing the evI sound, returned front his contrempla.. coi tion of the lime-boughs. the I He hailfailed,' thouglit the kind- ass ly clergyman" If he had succeeded, soc he would have come and told' me so. HE went, to the vestry, feelihg aind sai at heart and sorry for the youngman bri whose disappointment must. be so a great; t. He found him:standing with his hands on the closed hooks, and as glc he entered, Gabriel looked up at him . with, a- smile .,full of, :courage antid e ipatience. tht -.l- t can find no trace of what Icame we S d,'he said.--. . SBou :-sorry to "hear - it;'" replied as! "oolkedYou arc quite a:sure' you! ' Yes,' 1, book very closely, sir.' liv much' a stake Gabriel.`'I had too opened one of t careless.' He - marriage took pl iiters.. The fo the end of June. :The said,' at moniths of: June, July a for thbe ad missing ;. vet they do ncot'Ž are of Shave been torn t ut..-.. . to obe rVllie Rector. took rthe:. book Fr th his handsr: . " I remember the re~ist·c . No, the leaves were not torn outit i but :,forsome months thue nook ? , in a ..damp place in the r t'vpf, ani i ly fell to piec"s. I[put togetlher 1 "the leaves ILcould fiud of the year; the lattr.i mor:ths aire as well mniss : Yes they ure gorine,' said Gabriel with a sigh. '- How tratonge it is •that the tmonthl ot tichi so mich depenids touhld he missing.' ...€ I am heartily .~orry,' rcturfned he Riector: ' Butl we' will not i ve up all hope. ott art quite sur_ there were two vvery oll oaken chlests, iniit: It`is just possible, despite r'y ti care and,atten tio, thati some leaves it may have escaped me. -f, you like a we willgo and see; '-.You are very good to take avrr e much trouble' replied Gabriel. >'I shall be only too pleased to go with ti Fromi a cupboard in:, th' wall si the Recctor tooik a lanternianild some. matches. .. , SIt is ,very: dark down there,' h'e f said :' I hid better :ake a c, hlleo?o I.: yI?vill carry that sir a.. iU d Ga h 'Thev'weirt down t-he Rector with l'b the ' lantei-rn ardii Gabiriel withi ?the i candle- -a steep flir)it of tops leads ti ing to a lor'g passage, attlie: ;enid of which wras another flight; then ca ne the or'pt. . It had a daep iriist$y' ciloni;' the te wall was dripping with moisture and1t B the floor was wet. SI -should think that this plhce e is the ''happy. huntiri grotiads of T rats, sir,' observerd Gahriel, gently i smiling..: ' If you were tobelieve my parish I ioner.s, worse thiiigs than rats are to. ,be' fo'uind here,.repedilelithe tRectore ' Ii r Phey: say it .is haudtedl ;..pone 'ofi them would come down lhere =for a fortune 'That is 'hat I have comie for,', laughed Gabriel;:l is. hopes a little c reviving at the sight.of.the old oalker: chests. Surely-the missing leaves m'tn he there. Ti ctov ut-owrin T;he Iantern n while he unifastone thu fit anl largest chest. It was coveiied with gre'en',o0uldldr and wias dliflcuit to oien. Whenl i t the lid was:propped up, against, the { wall, the Rector asked GabriIel to cononearer_ with he li gt, H I. held tle ,candle odve the cheat; nd with-?anxious ey es they; examirned. the contents.it :'=There ;as nothing of -thelist le i interest or value ia it. Thre clhest had evidently .been used as , re?e,--.i title for such. rubbish asl might tiei lyinig about. `There' were -an iil - ciandl'e'tick, a broken lock, .tatt re hymnri-books, ani other :'this i:gs- of the missing leaves ,therc i,:.s- io trace. -'They are nio there' said ih-a I. Rector at length, '-that is: qdit.cer tai;. Now let us searoh thae.othr k chest.' l - They bih looked, butt'he sa'a e result. ' I shall not give ui; the searchd yet,' observed the Rector. ' There is t some peculiar quality in htuman na tore that forces a 'ran to continue a search, however hopeless it may be, when he has once begun it. Do you not think so ? It is the same kind of quality that makes a good angler, I think.' 'Yes, I agree with you,' responded ' I remember as tliough it were yesterday,' '"orttl? edtd the Rector, i the morning I gime down here first and I. fouiid' the place filled with every:, doescriptiuon of rubbish. I could-get no dne to "help me ; even the sexton-:refused' t3 render me anrty asaistaii`oe.- He declared he would sooner open a grave at midnight.' ' Itis a ghostly looking place,' B said IGabrieli ' but:it wiould be: very bright to iie had I"found what I' wanted ,:; t:, ::Yeas it- would. not have looked so. r gloomy.' rThen 'slowly:ad ;carefully' tlihey examined the- whole place But there was : no trace of. what they wanted. ' .-Have you .really .m'uch at ata, kie?'. asked. the rector. .. Yes.,everything that is worth) living for.' : T ' Alarge fortune;. : 'YeS,' replied Gabriel,- 'Ia I?irge ?i fortune.'. r • Then,' said the Rector, 'why not advertise ? Theso leaves, which are of snch vital importance to you, may a ie lyinig p ow: unnoticed ii:somer of b tIe houses or cottages about here ;h ?the children used, to steal whatitl ey 1 ,d. Why will you not adver wiith;a t advertise,' said Gabriel, arlv.. I-f ' 1? l offer a ,hirgo re e :- .ciste n.e, ~-f Otie: register "-rill hlb t'in it ,'knewrthat hy a 'I what ut I should re~i"g fori a dy, I tiit udvertise nn?~ it 1 nr. . r~ -la ld WV cll, lo ",. ," /-. "wn reos,' ~ evon have yoaL'? tl . I .i ' \'l r BnUnrlr!, : N .' No," said Gabig?cog.,v', c n;etnrnot advertise. U -r.tgly, ' ' -rthink we :havie beeun.all over h' crypt sa'id the Rector, ??lowei-, iug hisi lantern tliathe might see'. along the,- floor. Gabriel -'looked a: a him' very earnestly:. Tell. me,'. he said, 'vwhat Kyou. ,think yourself. -Have I any chance? Hiave'I the ghost of a'ehanice at alli In all -andour I must say?No,''. replied the Rector. * I wabeso care fuil:myself in;collectingrevery niorsel of papr' that I cannot believe I'over loosked any If °those leaves had been .iu istence, .,bnnboldc iyve founid?theie: I- amiFafraid theyl have, been destroyed- in the cry?t- Still .e ,will i.ot leavie one stone ' i turtne. 