A 111 i—anr- imtirmntruiif-t THE ttOIBLIST. LOYER AND LORD. By the Autuor op 11 A MAD LOVE," &0. CHAPTER XXIII. 1 On, poor man, how ill ho looks, winter and tbinior than 1 am, and his arm in a aling ! Oh, Nora, do look !' The lost cry, tho appeal to Norn,1 foil on tho siok man's oars witli tho forco of an nlnntrin shnnk. SOlldinC tho blood flvilU? madly through his vein's, though ho scorned himself oven then for the wild folly. Were there not fifty thousand Noras in the world, and was not his Nora dead ! Ho oponcd his oyos. A little lame girl, with a pinched face and fair hair falling over painfully rounded shoulders, was watching him with eyes of pitying wonder. At a little distance, holding tho rail of an iron chair, as thought for support in some- Buddon weakness, was a tall slender woman drcBsed in deep blnck, with u crape veil drawn across her fuec. Something in the pose of tho graceful form and small stately head brought back that maddest fancy to Arthur Bcaupro's mind. Ho brushed his hand across Ins oyos ; thoy had grown dim and misty. 1 ho sunlight fell upon tho down-bout head aiul soft lings of snow-white hair beneath a black bonnet. The thought was even madder than he fancied. In spite of the lithe slender form and stately carriage, it was not oven a young woman who stood before him. I thought you were nslcop,' the child said shyly; but she still lingered, in spite of what tho young man fancied was an en treating gesture on her companion's part. Ho thought also — but his gnzo dazzled aud uncertain— that some strange emotion caused that companion to tremble from head to foot. # 1 think yonr mamma is ill, he said hesitatingly; and his voice sounded hoarse, broken, oddly unlike his own. It scorned to nlarm the child ; for she drew back s step or two, oycing him with wide-eyed wonder. 4 My mamma is not here. Oh, you mean Nora 1 She ii novcr ill ; I am always. My back is bad, and my head aches dreadfully ; but Norn ' As sho turned with some contempt to illustrate her remark, she too scorned struck by something strange in Norn's attitude and persistent silence. The egotistical little speech died away in ufuint murmured sound; she moved, with slow drugging step, back to licr companion's side. 4 Are you ill, Nora ?' she nskod curiously, laying one liaud on tho slim black arm, and trying to peer into the shronded face. 4 I would rather go out with Nettie than with you. Ncttio is never tired and nevor Cr<She spoke in an aggrieved petulant tone ; but tlie woman did not seem to mind her. She clasped the small hand, and led tho girl away, with rapid aud uncortain step, from the bewildered man. It all passed so quickly that he had no time to disentangle llis thoughts, to dream of speech or action ; but as lie saw llio ivcman who was 4 Nora, and not tho ghost of his dead love, who was gray-liaired and old, and yet movod with the fiee quick step of early yontli— as ho saw her passing from him without 0110 word olio backward look, all the keen anguish of his troubled thoughts found vent iu a brief bitter cry. It reached lior. ft reached her and brought her buck, she paused, enst one .(art led irliuicc over her shoulder, and then Arthur could never tell how it all happened — just, as the dark waters seemed closing over his head, alio was kneeling at his feet, clasping his colli hands with her warm loving lingers, looking into his fare with her dark, loving, passionate eyes, calling him with her own tender voice to live and look on her, and not to break her heycB, it was Nora— Nora in living flesh- nnd-hlood reality— changed, oh, so changed from the Nora of old days — changed even from the ivild-cyed maddenod Nora he had , loft upon her wedding-day — a now Nora, with eyes that were ineffably sad through all their glad and tender light of recogni tion, with apalo spiritual face that, crowned with such untimely snow, looked like the faco of ft virgin-martyr, pure and fair and sweot ! Tho shrouding veil thrown back, the eager oycH upraised, tho soft iiands clasping his— so Arthur Bonupro's lost love came back to bim that day, not in a dream or vision, but in reality and truth. And so for a little while thoy clung together, forgetting all things in tho blessed sense of reunion. Death might have found them m that momont, and found thorn both content. But prosontly, liko ico falling on tire, memory and fear awoke— fear for her. If not (load, if not in that one safe spot that earth could otfor her ns a refuge, then Not a was in cruel peril still. The man drew away from her with sudden terror, looking round with wild haggard eyes. All the weary weeks and days that had worn them selves away so drearily, so slowly, became .as 'nothing in a moment — fjord do Grctton s murder woh thing of yesterday, and Nora a hunted fugitive still. 4 your voil — some one will bco you ! ho cried harshly, though indeed there was no ene in sight. 4 Nora, do not stay a moment ''"slro rose in an instant, mid the pnlc lovely face contracted as in a spasm of sharpest agony ; sbo just glanced at the child, who 'iad soated herself on the grass at a little "iliatiinuu, and was apparently taking no heed of her, tlion said, in the sweet low vnieb ho had thought hushed for over— 'Tlicro is no danger. You forget that I am dead I4 , " Arthur shuddered lit the words spoken wjth suoli sorrowful firmness. Did not this ..calm accept anco of o living death mean as calm a confession of tliut crime of which it maddone'd him to think— which looking into tllai'pnro proud face, it seemed so impossi ble to connect with her ? . 4 Doad ? Y'U nro not dead !' lie cried, speaking 'with savago roughness, born of his', cruel. 'pain. 4 Oh, Norn, I almost wish you were, ratlior than living thus l4 It'Whyr" Slio winced a little, and grow a shade whiter ; lmt in lior wido clear oyos tliofo' whs' no, traco of shame, only a liope- IsSjhalf-iudignhtit pnin. Somehow that look dazzled and thrilled tho haggard watcher with tho sweetest hope, was it possible? Yes, since Nora lived, nil things were possible! Was it trno that bo bad foully wronged the girl lie loved so dearly ? 4 Arthur' — tho sweot clone roioo was infinitely snd — 4 is lifo ovon harder nnd more bitter tlinn I thought it? Have yon too ' — sho paused a second, drawing n long painful breath — 4 eondoinncd mo ?' The accusation of her voice was t ho swoetost music it had over made for Arthur, tho anger of her eyes more welcome and precious than any look of lore. Both scorned to givo him new life anil lie roso quickly to his foot, clasping tho small cold hands with convulsivo force, and saying, with broken fervour — 4 Only toll mo, Norn, that I was wrong, anil I will doubt myself, my own oyos and cars, the whole world, everything bnt you ?' Shu drew away her hand, and stood be fore him in perfect silence, but silence that that struck him to the heart. Somehow the positions had reversed themselves; she was tho judge and he the trembling criminal. 4 Was there not one person to believo in me ? Did all t.lio world think mo guilty?' The cry broke almost unconsciously from the pule lips. Arthur saw the old lost look — tho look of utter desperation nnd abandon ment — shadowing lior face once more ; nnd yet lie could not speak tho words that, burned upon his lips, for at. that moment the solitude was broken in upon by a little group of pussers-by. Ho could only draw her down upon tho bench, and jealously try to screen her from observation. It was nil odd irony of fnto that posed them thus in this easy lover-like attitude, while tho girl's heart ivns hot with indignant puin, and llis throbbed with late and wild remorse. As the strangers passed, sho would have risen ; but lie kept her prisoner still, nail whispered, with nil enger passion that guvs him strange and sudden strengh — 4 No, you shall hear mo, Nora ! AViis it strange? You were nmd — a trapped and helpless creature, with hopeless misery in your heart nnd a wild fever ill your brain. If fnto had plnccd a weapon in yonr hands at such a moment ' 4 1 might have used it,' she finished, willi a convulsive shudder. 'But, Arthur, ns Hcnven hears, me, I did not ; I am us inno cent of Lord do Q retton's murder as that child — ns you I' Oh, blessed fulness of conviction that rushed upon flic tortured nmn with that clear unfaltering speech ! Oil, blessed lifting of the haul that had well-nigh crushed him to the earth I Jis could not speak oe move, lie could not sec the dear proud face for tears that blinded him — he could ouly lower his face upon his hands and litter nil his gratitude and praise in onu great voiceless sob. 4 1 cannot prove it, Arthur. All the past is one dark dreadful dream. I only know that I am innocent.' 4 And I will prove it!' Arthur ilcnuprc cried proudly ; but she shrank hack with n little cry — 4 Oh, Arthur, 1 am dend I' Before ho could break in with an eager protest, they heard a sudden cry, nnd, look ing up, saw Viineo Singleton coming towards them with a look of blankest dismay, lie did not recogniso Arthur at first — it was long siaou they had mot, and time and sorrow and climatic influences had changed the soldier much — tho sight of Nora in conversation wit Ii anyone miule uneasy, 4 Vance, have you forgotten Arthur .Bonnpro ?' Nora said gently ; and then he held out his hand in frank welcome, though tlicru was only an added consternation in his look, nnd muttered blankly — 4 Mother, Crislino and you ! By Cleoge, things uru coming to a crisis now!' 4 So much the bettor,' Arthur said firmly ami proudly; 4 thoy could not, ami they should not, stay as they arc forever!' Vance twisted his long moustache with wlmt, in any other circumstances, would luivo been a look of serio-comic dismay. 4 No, no, uf course not. Tho difiiculty is, what would you do ?' 4 rind out tho real murderer,' Caplain Beuupi'c said grimly — so grimly that Vance looked round, as though dreading the echo of his words. Nora sat with clasped hands, eagerly listening; her face was quite calm and com posed now, lmt in the great sad eyes thero was the faint daivn of hope and joy. 4 A terrible task, I fear,' Vance said nervously — 4 a cruel trial to Nora's nerves at the l/ust. And — oh, you must come to us and talk it over I I cannot keep her here.' His own nerves wore so evidently shaken that ho dared try them no longer. More over, Arthur remcmbed that it was time for Hie nppenrance of Mrs. Bemipre nnd .Miss Eontnyne, so lie uiiulu no cfl'ort to detain them ; and tho three woro soon out of sight. Hut, oh, what a changed world was this on which he looked with happy misty eyes — no more a world tlmt had crushed nnd overwhelmed, but a world he -would yet convince ami conquer — for wns not Nora living anil iniioeeut ? CHAPTER, XXIV. Two great facts haunt ed Cristino Singleton's thoughts all through tlio long sleepless nighl i iiaL followed Benjada's proposal. Shu wus engaged to the richest man she know, happiness, us she understood it, wus nt lust within liur grasp, and, in the very moment that inndu her safe, Virosc had returned to lay her hopes in tho dust nnd till her with vague uncertainty nnd dread. That her brother never had forgiven — never would forgivo lior treachery to Nora she knew ; fur cusier would it luivo been to win pardon from tho dead girl than from the man who hud so bitterly resented her wrongs. Even Mrs. Bruce did not know how wiilu ! tho breach between her children was, for alio had not seen the brief savage epistle in which, on the eve of quiting England, Vance bud bidden his sister nil eternal furowoll. 4 1 will not reproach yea ; but I will not speak to von again. The stain of hlood may he on Nora's linnds, but it is on your soul, and you will always be tlio murderess in my thoughts. Some day even her punishment will find you out and reach yShe shuddered ns she recalled tho wild words that hud hardly touched lior at the time ; the punishment seemed near at hand now, und it would bo crushing if it took the shape she fuurod. ' I will not survive such a defeut, she said, looking, us she set her smalt white teeth together, very weird and wan in the pray morning light, very unlike the fair lily queen of the Baron s funcv. 1 1 will never wither away in the dull country life that mother looks forward to so quietly. 1 n poor desolate old maid ? No, 1 will die first; this is my Inst chance 1 Vance must listou if I toll him this. If 1 marry Baron Benjuda, J will ho a good woman ; it is so ciisy for the rich to be good. If— if tiny thing prevents tho marriage Cristino's face was very pule, her oyc8 had a resolute light. In her heart she wa« making nil impious bargain with the Heaven she find offended, and not with the brother whose forgiveness she almost despaired of winning. And yet, reckless as she was, there was .something of truth and something of pathos in her resolve. She did mean to he good,' if only she might be soon her own terms. Shu wus weary of tho wickedness tlmt had paid her so ill The old passionate jealousy of Nora hud nccesnrily died out for lack of fuel, tho old love for Arthur Beuupre, the oao genuiue emotion of her life, was as dead. A wall had grown up between the old life and tho new, and she felt it lmrd that the Cristine of these days, who wished ill to no one, and ouly well to her mother and herself, should ho confounded with the fierce revengeful creature who had wrought such mischief in the days that were dead. »SureIy Vance must see things in this light,' she thought, us she arrayed herself with considerable trepidation for the coming interview with her brother — for Vance, having been duly appraised of their where- abouts, had promised to call euny in ine day. At least we shall not meet in llenjuda's presence,' Miss Singleton thought, with a nervous laugh, when, a little botoiuMinon, she heard her brother's clear voice in the hull, nnd a few seconds Inter her mother's glad welcoming cry. 1 will leave them n few moments together ; it is but fair,' she said, ns she closed her bud-rnom door and walked back to the full piur-glnss that reflected n fuec so drawn and haggard that she could hardly believe it her own. She hit her lips till they nearly bled, and forced them in the ghastly parody of a smile, hating herself for t he fear she showed. it is conscience, I suppose— It cannot he that I urn afraid of Vance— und yet, if my heart would only cease this sickening throbbing, I could go down und know the best mid— the worst.!' But her heart heat only the more wildly, her throat- ami mouth grew parched, and, though Vance stayed more than an hour with his mother, it was not until she heard the door open and their voices echoing in the hull tlmt sho found resolution to descend the stairs ami stand in nor orcuner s presence. She looked like a ghsst, as she stood white nnd trombling, nimble to articulate a word, but raising eyes of hope less entreaty to his. Even Vance, stem us his resentment was, and just us he felt it to he, wus u little moved and .softened; lie had intended to raise his hat, as to a stranger, nnd pnssoti. Xow.to his mother's astonished — Why, Vance, it is Cristine !' be answered with cold gentleness, How do you do, Cristine r'— and just touched her hand with lingers at which she caught with n passionately grateful clutch. It was the strangest meeting between brother ami sister; 1ml Cristine felt it was something gained; and ns Hie tall hand- Rome young man passed out into the sunlit et reel , she drew a long breath of relief. 'What are you sighing about.?' Mrs. Bruce nskod almost indignantly, as she led tho way into tlio nilting-iunm and pinniped contentedly down into the nearest sent. If over there was a happy day, this is one.' Cristine did not answer— hardly listened indeed — a fact which her mother wus loo brimful of delightful excitement to resent, or even to notice. 'Fancy, Crist hie! Vance is married, and making so much money, and, as Benjuda snvs, on the way to be a great man ; ami lie has one sweet little girl called Nora,' as the best wife in the world. But tho fashion in which her mother's news wus delivered was a little too much for Cristine. With one item tumbling over another, and all mixed pellmoll, she could only gather that Vance was married — in itself a startling ami significant fact that might naturally influence her attitude towards her. 'Try to tell mc the story coherently, mother' she said more patiently than sho usually spoke ; ' remember, 1 know nothing j yet, and am eager to know all.' Her attention was now vividly awake; I she drew her chair a little nearer, and I listened with eager interest to the shay Mrs. Bruce hud to tell. It was briefly the I story of Vance's wooing nnd wedding, ami his rapid pmfessionul success, which, with 1 a purfect belief iu the truth of his words, he uscribed wholly nnd solely to his wife. Hut for her 1 should have been a penniless vagabond to-day, mother,' ho had said proudly. 4 1 tim a vagabond still, of I course, but a vagabond with a balance at j my bankers', aud n very respectable visit- I big-list — which is a vagabond with a ! difference, an yon know. I 1 told him T did know, Mrs. Bruce : ! finished, t urning with perfect .seriousness to j | her daughter. I suid Huron Benjuda — ho 1 I knows nil about, tho Huron, Crissio— told us I 1 that the world hud quite changed its I opinion sineo I was a girl, and actors were j I people of consideration now. Ho laughed, j said the Baron was quite right, and again j that ho owed all this consideration to his wife.' I 'And when uro wo to see this paragon of perfection ?' Cristine asked, unablo to re press tho Mutual sneer, though she wus honestly anxious for the answer. 'Mrs. Bruce's fuco clouded a little. 'Well, not just at present; tho baby is not four weeks old, nnd ho docs not think Nottio — tlmt is, his wife— could bear the excitement yet.' (TO I1F. COXTINL'RO.) 