BBOADBBIM'S NEW TOEK IEITEB. Those who have read my letters for the past few years, and who remember my account of Mr. Stewart's death and the disposition he made of his vast estate, will not be at all surprised that the heirs at last hare called on Judge Hilton for an account* ing. The skeleton so successfully hid behind the door is at last to be dragged forth, and among other curious facts it will now be made public if an empty mausoleum occupies the crypt of the splendid cathedral at Garden City, or whether the bones of Alexander Tur ney Stewart repose beside the ashes of his wife. What a feast for the lawyers ; what a precious morsel for the millions who love a little, bit of scandal better than they love their prayers! Both of the co-respondents whose colossal possessions are the cause of this un seemly war are beyond the reach of praise or blame. " Nor steel, nor poison, malice, Domestic or foreign levy, Nothing can touch them further." But on the trial the secret history of dead and buried years will be dragged into the light of open day. Scandals, only hinted at in past years, will be headed in cold print with leaded lines as choice items of the latest news. Characters that have hitherto been sustained by the length of the rent-rolls and the strength of their bank accounts may be blasted beyond reclaim. Not a pleasant.pros pect, you say ; perhaps not; but what could yon expect from such a life ! And with the news of the suit against Judge Hilton comes the intelligence that all of the late Mrs. Stewart's wardrobe is to be disposed of to the highest bidder by auction. The only restric tion being that no one will be admitted to the sale but relatives and friends—of which, how ever, there aire several hundred. I don't know how it may affeot those who are in the habit of making merchandise of the dead ; but to me there is eomething inexpressibly shocking in this sale. , Imagine the auctioneer roaring out the price of the golden puff-box from.. which she. rouged and powdered her faded charms, and dangling from his coarse fingers the dainty golden curls in which she was-, arrayed by her faithful maid two days before her death, and with which the faded and decrepit old woman of eighty years tried to restore the beautiful Cornelia Finch of sixty years before; her pocket handkerchiefs, her stockings, and all the little trinkets that were dear to her heart—Going, going— gone! " Vapity of vanities, saith the preacher j All is vanity." Fifty wigs, not. one with a grey hair in, all of them of that soft golden eolpr in which her heart did so much delight.. Three hundred gowns, all of them rich ■ and- -costly ; shawls from Indian looms and' laces of fabulous value, and even the. under-clothing of the dead woman under the hammer,—G-oing, going— gone! New York has heard much of Stew art's thrift during the last fifty years, but it was unprepared for anything likethis. A mah who has—been such a beneficiary of the Stewart estate $s Judge Hilton has, and having the whole matter in his discretion, might have called the discontented heirs to gether and by appraisal have set a money value on the goods and. kept them from the public eye ; but he has chosen the other course, and in so doing he has shocked the better .sense of this, entire community, and I shall not be surprised any day to see an advertisement in the New York World, addressed to the keepers of.PjLme Museums throughout the country, ojEering for sale the bones of the dead niillionaire, with satisfactory certificates duly authenticating their genuineness. That they would bring a good round sum l have not the least doubt; and in the hands of Barnum or Buffalo Bill they might be made to add some thousands to the princely Stewart estate. Garden City is to be dismembered and sold, and this is the ending of Alexander Turney Stewart's life-work. Fifty millions, and— nothing! Mrs. Maginnis is dead. Who is she P—you ask. The youngest daughter of the late ¥m. M. Tweed, of King memory, and the heroine of the Diamond Wedding. Women have been married and given in marriage before, but never on this continent was seen any thing like the nuptials of this dead woman. At the time of her marriage her father was as virtually the autocrat of New York as the Czar is autocrat of the Hussias. Nothing like her trousseau had ever been seen here previous to that time. It seemed as if all New York hastened to do honor to the new Princess. Tradesmen and politicians poured in their gifts, and men of the highest charac ter were not ashamed to be found among the donors. Tom Fields sent a diamond necklace and earrings that cost five thousand dollars, and W. E. Sing, jewels that cost five thou sand more. It took one immense room to hold the bridal gifts, and the money value was estimated at $150,000. On the day of the wedding all official business was suspended throughout the city, and many of the great stores closed early in the afternoon. The beautiful young bride wore big diamonds as buttons for her white satin gaiters, and the jewels on her person represented $50,000. The heroes and heroines of that proud night have gone down to hopeless ruin. The happy father died in prison; Tom Fields died in exile; Connolly and Sweeney were fugitives from justice j Jim Fisk was assassinated; Ingersoll and Garvey went to States Prison ; Prince Harry Genett did time at Black well's Island ; another died in the States Prison ; two died in lunatic asylums, and one proud beauty—the wife of Tom Fields—perished in the gutter in front of the principal mansion of Fifth Avenue, where formerly she bad pre sided as a Queen. And so they pass away. Notwithstanding his ill- gotten millions, the father of this dead woman passed away look ing through prison bars ; and right here I am reminded that this week also passed away Tweed's private secretary, Foster S. Dewey. Mr. Dewey may not have been a great man nor an especially good man, but he was marked as the possessor of that uncommon quality among men—gratitude—which after all is one of humanity's brightest and rarest jewels. Foster Dewey, as the private secretary of Tweed, knew all the villiany of the Ring, but so skilfully did he guide his hand, that when justice like an avalanche came down on the guilty crew, Foster Dewey escaped without a scar. He had profited by his opportunities for plunder, but kept out of the clutches of the law, and when the thousands who had profited by the bounty of the master fled, affrightened at the fierce cries of his enemies, Foster Dewey stood by his old chief to the last and spent his fortune freely in trjing to secure his release. He never deserted the man who had befriended him, and when the end came he stood by the dying couch and soothed his last hours with his friendship and love, which even death and disgrace could not shake. Larry O'Brien was laid to Jest thiB rf&k;, and he was buried with all the pomp of (be Catholic Church, a special high mass being celebrated at St. Stephen's, which was Father MieGHynn's old church. Thousands turned out to Larry's funeral, for he was one of the best known men in town. He was a gambler by profession, and a fighter of considerable I renown. A couple of years ago he got into a fight with' another gambler, who literally cut him to pieces with a huge bowie knife. As he fell on the sidewalk some one rushed up, and seeing his condition, cried out, " Send for a doctor !" " Oh, never mind the doctor," gasped Lariy, "send for the priest." With careful nursing Larry pulled through, but he never was the same man again —he wandered about from place to place like a ghost, and finally died in Nassau a couple of weeks ago. After a bitter struggle the W omen S affragists have finally triumphed in the Senate o£ New York. Now for the Lower House and then for the Governor. So far the women have done well; they have steadily battled for their rights'and they have won their way, step by step, from darkness to daylight. The men who are so afraid of women's voting ought to take a turn down through the lower wards of New York and Brooklyn. Look at the brutal drunken material that decides our Municipal, State and National Elections! Look at the vile crew that sent Tim Campbell to Congress and helped to make Fatty Walsh the guardian of the Tombs. The most respectable and in telligent club in New York to-day ib a women's club. Some of the best work in journalism and art is done by women. In medicine there are dozens of women here who hold their own with, the beBt of our medical faculty, and wherever an avenue has been opened for her she has improved it and done well.- It is but a poor compliment to our mothers, our wires, our sifters and our daughters to say that we are not willing to give the same privileges to them that we aesord to the ignorant rabble who crowd our great cities and decide our elections. One woman like Catherine Wolf, or Jennie June, or Mrs. Dr. Lozier is worth a million of such raecalB, whose only idea of American suffrage is, how much it can be sold for at the polls. ' A lively sensation occurred early in the week in a suburb of Brooklyn. A rich gentleman named Woolsey had a fine country seat and employed a coachman who handled the ribbons to perfection. The coachman had a nice wife and two children, and aB he seemed to lead a life above reproBcb, and had a fine baritone voice, he soon distinguished himself in the village choir and he was proposed for one of the deacons. He complained to Mr. Wooleey that the moral character of his assistant shocked him, whereupon the footman was discharged and the coachman wascommissioned to hire another, which he didj he soon found a footman, a pleasant young chap, who became quite a favorite with everybody, and with no on? more than the coachman. Wherever the boy went the coachman went, and wherever the-coachman went the boy went. They too£ long evening rides together, and on two or three occasioihKthey were detained all night on business. Last week an avenging husband appeared on the scene with a shotgun hunting a runaway wife, and looking for a coachman who had lured her away from his home. The coachman and the boy disappeared that night and have not been heard of since. Moral— Keep your weather eye on "the coachman and your lee eye on the groom. 