JBoç*' Column. Wagner M a Boy.-Wilhelm Richard Wagner ras born at Leipzig, March 22.1813. When he was nine, he weat to school, where he was;the despair of the teacher who in- structed him in music ; he paid ne attention to his practising, but seised every opportu- nity of repeating the melodies tbat be had heard, especially those of - Der Freischütz," which had already kindled h ia powerful im- agination. Ancient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were bia favorite studies, I bot his heart was really in none of these, for be had a secret aim that absorbed all hie thoughts and feelings-he waa a poet 1 In his eleventh year he won a prise for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translated the Hist twelve books of the Odyssey. He taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake- speare that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and daring this period he contrived to kill off forty-two people in his drama. He was forced to re- lent, however, and to recall theta aa ghosts ' in the last act in order to have performers enough te play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where be had been living, and entered a school at Leipsjg, but he had so neglected his studies for musical cern posi- tion, that he was pat back a class ; thu se discouraged him that be gave himself en- tirely te his tragedy. When he bad nearly finished it he first heard Beethoven's music. This had so strong an influence over him that he determined to Eet his tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for the task. So fascinated did he become with the atady, that he de- termined to be a poet no longer, but that music should have the devotion of his life. When his family learned of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for they felt it was the I cause of his backwardness at school ; but when they found him to be writing music, they were in despair, for they believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great harm. He waa not to be discouraged, however, and composed in secret. Bat at last he waa placed under the instruction ot Theodore Weinlig, a man steeped in the spirit ef " Father Bach," who put bim through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Beat-Dwellers of Japan.-Toung people who live in Australia may fancy that oar cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very mach air te breathe, or space for the boys to play in. What would they say to the boat-d wel- len of Japan ? In that crowded country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to parchase supplies or attend tesóme an usual business. In every bay along tba coast are found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called "junks." These are small, flat-bot- tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses are ia other parts ef the world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under seven years of age. I am told that, notwith- standing their aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat ever goes to anothert aid, nor will any boatman save any other from drowning, because as he says, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of three years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one ia backward in learning will oe Uitown overboard, and teased and tormented until he is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah ! it is in reading and learning about the people of ether lands that we find how much we hare to lore and be thankful for in the broad free life of our own. But eren here there are children who would be better for auch fréquent baths, and perhaps you would hare great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the bot and crowded streets of our great cities was tobe preferred to that of the junk-men on the rivers and barbon of their own country. AB Adventure With a Huge Buffalo. -I had singled out as my meat aa old bull with long, highly polished horns and the most magnificent mane that has ever cerne under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it last with me as atrophy. To single the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such ahorse as mine. The remainder of the herd thun- dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went my wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into bis side whenever he swerved enough to give me a chance at bia heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter bis cranium that; he was flying in a direct line from bis friends, and he wheeled about and charged me, his magnificent head cocked sidewise, ready to toss my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of his course and landed me with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to his knees, snapping the bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and sending me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some- what shaken up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling on the hard prairie like the bones of the ena man in a minstrel show. His hot breath came full in my month and nostrils ; one of his horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his'hind hoof grazed my temple. He was aa glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of this sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. I Aa Old Wax-Horae>-The Ber. J. 6. Wood, the well-known English writer on natural history, relates the fellowing true story in his récent book oa the horse : "Some years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his widow all his property, including an old and staid horse It so happened that there was a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady, who waa. stone-deaf, drove over to see it. During thc manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal which Bhe from her deafness did not hear. The hone, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old aa bc was, he sprang off at full speed, galloped toto the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. The signal to charge was then given, and oft" went the horse with his coBuades. The old lady shrieked, and dragged at the reins to no purpose. Where the regi- ment went the horse went ; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout the whole of the manouvres. "After the review was over thc officers crowded round the old horse, who evidently had belonged to the cavalry, and offered a very high price for him, in order to make a regimental pet of him. The offers, however, were refused." \--'Seldom shall one sec in rich families that athletic soundness and vigor of consti- tution which is seen in cottages, where Nature is cook and Necessity o.terer, 