GERALDTON TOWN COUNCIL. « Minutes of a regular meeting of the Geraldton Town Council held last Monday evening. Present : The Mayor, and Crs. Hart, Walker and Pollitt. Minutes of the last meeting read and con firmed. The following accounts were duly passed for Alfred Carson, salarv. £3 : R. O SUWAAV w— I V " I — ' Hale, salary, £6 Is. 3d ; George Thomas, rolling streets, £3 5s. ; Richard Evans, repairing chairs, 10s, A letter was read from Mr. Light, the Resid ent Engineer, informing the Couucil that the permanent way department would be willing to supply gravel at the rate of 6s. per truck, and asking what quantity would be required atoucc. It was resolved that tte thanks of the Coun cil be tendered the permanent way department for their willingness to do the work at the price quoted, and that an order be given for 100 trucks. Mr. E. H. Wittenoom applied for permission to lay down a line of rails from the Geraldton Jetty to his warehouse. The application was granted on the motion of Cr. Walker seconded by Cr. Pollitt. Mr. James Moore entered a protest against his rates but inasmuch as Ms protest was infor mal no action was taken in the matter. Tbe tenders for removing the sandhill in Charles St. were then opened. The following is a list of tenders received : — Messrs. Thomas and Rudland, £64 10s. ; J. Hindley, £67 3s. 8d ; G. Millark, at 9d per yard ; W. Janes, £64 10 ; H. Grimsliaw, £47 10s. ; W. Smith, £38 10s. ; J. D. Warren, £69 ; James Tetlow, £60. Mr. W. Smith's tender was accepted, contin gent upon his finding two securities for the due performance of the work. The Mayor informed the Council that Mr. Kelly, the contractor for the Geraldton Hospit al, had offered him a quantity of broken White Peak stone, very suitable for repairing roads at 9d. per yard and he (the Mayor) had accepted the offer. The understanding was that the Council should pay for 35 yards, and if there was more than that quantity they were to have it for nothing. The Mayor said he had used the stone on the street near the hospital, which bad ly needed attention, and that there was con siderably more than 35 yards of stone used al ready, and even now there was more to be had. The Council formally ratified the action of the Mayor in this matter. The Council decided that the repairs to Mar ine Terrace from in front of the National Bank to Mr. Gray's store be completed, and that the Mayor be empowered to employ labor for that purpose. The Mayor asked the Council to sanction that certain improvements be made on the recreation ground, in view of the approacMng Jubilee fes tivities. He would suggest the whole of the re creation ground be fenced in, and that the part now covered with scrub be cleared. This was agreed upon unanimously. It was also resolved that the Council bear half the expense of erecting permanent swings on the ground. Resolved that Messrs. WainwrigM and Co. be served with|a notice to placeguttering along the eaves of their warehouse in Gregory St. The libel case of Robert Peck against The Bat has come to a sudden conclusion through the proprietor of that journal pleading guilty and tendering an apology. His counsel spoke as follows when the case came on for hearing : — "There will be no holding back on the de fendant s part in the use of the most definite language in the expression of his regret, and in making the fullest and most ample withrawal of everything written and published in Ms jour- nai concerning Mr. Peck. That Mr. Peck has a right to expect, and that Mr. Peck shall hon ourably and amply obtain from Mr. Davis. Fur thermore, Mr Davis is perfectly well aware that Mr Peck has necessarily been put to great expense in taking these proceedings for the pur pose of vindicating his character. Mr. Davis feels that the costs should not fall upon Mr Peck : and therefore he is willing to discharge those liabilities incurred on the part of the pro- secutor." The judge adjourned the passing of sentence for three weeks to enable defendant to fulfil his promise. Madame Sara Bernhardt has returned to Lon don after her South American tour, the total re ceipts of which are stated at £140,000 for 146 performances. Of course the first thing the divine Sara was asked about was the horsewhipping incident at Rio Janeiro, and she replied as fol- Mws : — " An unhappy, crazy womon, Madame Noirmont, at that time, a member of my com pany, came to tbe theatre and wanted to take some trunks away. Mr. Gran said that she cou.d not have them, but the man who called on her behalf said that it was I who said that she could not have her trunks. The result was that she called on me and struck me. She in sulted me, and I afterwards horsewhipped her for so doing ; that's all. Madame Noirmont is at present confined in an asylum at Rio." CAR ados, in the Referee of April 4th says " The other night I went again to see "Ruddi- gore" at the Savoy, and found a crowded house enjoying the best points of the words and music. The heart-directed mariner's patriotic ditty about " the darned mounseL'r"was rewarded with fitting honors. So was the hornpipe which follows. I must still consider that in "Ruddigore" Gilbert has not done himself jus tice. On the other hand, several of his best songs and concerted pieces do not make the effect their humorous words deserve by reason of their being set to music in hurried time. This causes a slurring of some of the merriest bits. For all that there are points in "Ruddi gore" which should insure for its authors a continuance of their great and deserved popularity. These include, apart from the veiy .fine bits of melody and orchestration which so frequently occur, the funny " Fiddle de dee" duet concerning " duty," and the screaming "Demure duet" in which Sir Despard and mad Margaret intone concerning their conversion' and indulge in one of their " blameless dances.' And there is the really great scene when the whole of the Mongatroyd ancestors, in the cor- rectgarb of the periods in which they lived, come down from their picture frames to denounce their desendant learning to Virtues side. So striking a stage picture has been seldom seen. To hear Richard Temple, the twenty-first baron et (splendidly made up, and the very perfection of repi se) burst forth into that grandly wierd song about " The Ghost's high noon" is alone worth several visits. THE World says of Lord Onslow's hospitali- : 'The hospitality and the cuisine of Rich mond Terrace arc fast becoming famous. Lord unslow selects hrs guests impartially from either si e of the House ; dress clothes are not de ff a,,< arJ areangement of separate tables i. th® mak,11& »P of congenial parties. The hour for dinner is from 730 to 830." 