'% \\) t :.lti b t v 11 s> f r. Saturday, March 12, 1887. Thu stations at North Williamstown, Newport, Spottiswoode and Yarravillc are eaoh to be extended 400 feet: The present wooden platforms will be replaced by asphalt, with Milestone facings. At New port it is intended to widen the platform ou the Melbourne end by removing a railing that is at present attached to the station master's quarters. The increase in passenger traffic at the North Williamstown station renders the addition a pressing necessity, and it will be greatly appreciated. The platforms at present are some eighteen inches lower than the carriage steps, and it is intended to alter this in constructing the new platforms. It is srid that the Commissioner of Cus toms intends to introduce a bill next -cssion to conserve the fish in the bay. The chief features in the measure will be heavy penalties for illegal netting, and the mini mum weight at which fish may be netted will be increased. The bill will prohibit the catching of crayfish in spawn, and also further preserve the oyster beds of the colony'. • It is intended to introduce a measure into Parliament next session to revise the super annuation fund at present in force in the Railway Department. . Under the prescut arrangement railway employes are required to insure their lives for the amount of one year's salary. The Commissioners propose, in addition to this, to have a fund es tablished for the relief of employes who may bo compelled to retire from the servico through-ill health before they havo reached the age at which they are entitled to the insurance money ; and this plan will, it is considered, be more satisfactory to the employes. The quality of The gas supplied : by the Williamstown Gas Company has been of a most inferior quality lately, and incapable of giving a fair light. In some of the churches during the last month gicat inconvenience has bccu felt, as the gas has refused to burn. In the Mechanic.,’ Institute on Friday week, in the tniildlo of an entertainment, this also happened. At the last meeting of the Cotin ’cil Tile gas burned so badly that the cor respondence and reports could not be read as expeditiously as usual. The complaints, in fact, are: general and bitter, and the com pany .would do well to be as systematic and reliable in supplying a good article as they are at imposing twenty-five per cent, extra charge on consumers who do not pay the col lector as promptly as he calls. The. approaches to the railway station through the showers this week are in a very bad condition, and a pool formed at the cor ner of the railway fence, opposite the Terminus Hotel, is the means of entrapping many at night time. There is a number of rocks on each side of the path, and they also help to make matters disagreeable for the unfortuuate traveller who; in the dark ness, deviates from the narrow track. The state of the place was referred to some months ago by Councillor Lindsey, and it wa3 resolved to write to the Railway Com missioners; ;but;'if:'hiiy attention had been paid to the letter the fact should have been known ere this. A new Otto gas engine, manufactured by Messrs Crosslev Brothers, Manchester, England, has' this week been placed in position in this office, to be used iu printing the Advertiser. It is designed on an im proved principle, and contains the latest mechanical devices. It works admirably in connection with the new Wharfdalo machine which was added to the plant of the paper a month or two ago. These improvements have been rendered necessary by reason of the steady increase in the circulation of the paper, which requires us to go to press at an earlier hour. The mechanical appliances now at hand enable us to turn out the most delicate and superior class of printing work, as our resources are now equal to most Mel bourne firms, and superior to any suburban Mr A. T, Clark, on Tuesday, introduced a deputation from the Williamstown Racing Club to the Minister of Public Works, to request that the Yan Yean .mains be con veyed to the\conrse and recreation reserve. The full distance was GOOO ijtsct, and. the club were willing to pay for 4000 feet if the Department would meet the cost of the other 2000 feet. It wrs pointed out that the club were about to erect a new grand stand which would east over £0000, and improve the ground in many ways. Mr Nimmo re ceived the application very favorably, and said the only difficulty was tbo scarcity of pipes. He could not promise to assist in the work until ho knew what quantity of pipcB there was on hand, but he would con sult his engineers and endeavor to meet the deputation’s wishes. The fence erected on the Back Beach, from the cricket ground to Giffard street, greatly improves the appearance of that place, and might with advantage be continued beyond the ladirs’ baths. It lias boeu suggested that a few trees should bo plautcd along the fence. There can be no doubt that they would not only improve tho general appear ance of the place, hut would also afford a most agreeable shade in summer. The Melbourne Harbor Trust are having repairs effected to the foreshpre between the railway pier and the giaving dock fence. The place is being filled up to allow of the dock in front of the torpedo sheds being continued, and a slip, similar to the one in front of the shed, is being made near tho fence. This will give accommodation that is very much required. Mr W. H. Croker, the well-known solicitor, is about to take a trip to Europe, and his passage, has been taken in the Masillia. On Tuesday week a banquet will he held in his honor. The arrangements are now in progress, and will be carried out on a grand scale. Constable Bolger, the look-np keeper, has been confined to his room for tho past month with a severe attack of rheumatism. He is now gradually recovering, and will be able to resume duty shortly. His illness was a relapse from a less severe attack, and was caused by taking a long walk. On Saturday the Naval Brigade visited the ranges for their annual musketry in struction. There was an exceptionally strong muster, consisting of 2S8 rank and file and twenty officers, under the command of Captain Fnllarton. Companies were entrusted to Lieutenants Scott and Tickle, Midshipmen Ray and Walton, Gunners Raymond, Richardson, Jackson and Owen, and Staff-gunners Fraser and Cockle. ' The distances wero 300 yards and 400 yards, and the beat of the day interfered somewhat with tho practice. Messrs R. H. Francis and Alison D. Smith have sent in a report to the Railway Com missioners in reference to the accident which occurred at the Spencer street station on Thursday week by tho brake of tho Wil liamstown train not being put on in time. They held Driver Ward, who was on the engine, responsible for the accident. Tho regulations required him not to use the con tinuous brake on entering the terminal sta tion, but tbo hand brake. He admitted having relied on the continuous brake, which did not do its work bo effectually as lie anti cipated. Ward has been reduced to the grade of a fireman for six months, and if he preserves the good chat actor for which ho has been noted, lie will lie then reinstated to his former position. The fireman who acted with Ward has been fined a week’s pBy. Captain Fullnrton, Acting Naval Com mandant, last week inspected the Victorian squadron, accompanied by Mr. ;J. Bell, Acting Minister of Defence. Commander Collins and Lieutenant Goff were on board the Cerberus and received the visitors. The men were exercised in turret gun drill, and the visitors then examined the machinery, guns, turrets, the various flats and decks, and the crown wheels, which are. to. be renewed with phosphor bronze. The six and eight-inch guns on the Albert were manned by a crew oh the arrival of the party. The gunboat Victoria was also boarded, and an inspection'made of the hew six-inch gun and its fittings. Lieutenant Hely Hutchinson was present at the torpedo station, which was next inspected, where torpedoes were charged ■ and fired. When the Nelson war boarded the Acting Minister cxpiesW great I satisfaction with its appearance, 1 The Committee of the School of Design desire to impress upon the public the im portance of giving support to the institution by sending pupils. It seems a pity that the school should not be bettor attended, and those who would wish to sec it continue and prosper are requested to use their influence in obtaining pupils. Mr John Jobson declares himself a candi date for the vacancy in the Harbor Trust to be caused by the retirement, through effluxion of time, of Commissioner White. His reasons are:—“Having considerable vested interest in Williamstown, and being consequently inter ested in the progress, improvement, increase in population and trade, and having at all times assisted in advancing all its institutions, municipal and otherwise.” A lire broke out at about half-past five last evening, in Russell street, North Williams town, in a house in course of erection, belonging to Mr James Kent, builder. The building, which was totally consumed, was insured in the Victoria Insurance Company for /,325, and an adjoining house that was greatly damaged, was insured for £200 in the same company, of which Mr Morgan is the local agent. The second building was saved by the Williamstown Fire brigade. It is supposed the conflagration originated through some fire left by the plumbers work ing at the building. Messrs Claringbould and King, Book seellrs, Nelson place, are agents for the Advertiser. Messrs J. Morgan and Co., in conjunction with A. T. Clark and Smith, will sell by. auction this afternoon, at three o’clock, on the ground, business and dwelling sites, and shops in Stevedore, Alfred and Dover streets, in the estate of the late Mr Algernon Lindsey. Mr Dowman desires attention directed to his advertisement elsewhere. On Thursday evening a large number of people assembled at the fountain; Nelson place, where an address on the local option question was delivered by Mr John Vale, secretary of the Victorian Alliance. He stated that the poll would be taken on the day of the Harbor Trust election, and he urged all those who heard him to record their votes. The first annual meeting of the Newport Gas Company will be held in the Steam packet Hotel on Wednesday evening, when the report of the directors and balance-sheet will be submitted. The Anniversary Services of the Congre gational church will bo celebrated to morrow, by special sermons. A lecture will be delivered on Wednesday by the Rev. Thomas Roseby, in reference to the recent eruption of Mount Tarawcra, New Zealand. It will be illustrate 1 by a large number of diagrams and volcanic specimens from the region of the eruption. Reference will be made to ancient volauic action in our own colony. About 350 persons availed themselves of the opportunity of going to the Blue Ribbon picnic on Saturday at Cragieburn. The spot selected was beautifully situated, an;l the amusements were such as to suit all tastes, and the committee were zealous in h oking after the comforts of nil. The lailway department provided ample accommodation, and excellent music was provided during the day by Graham’s Military Orchestra. At about eight o'clock all returned home, everyone being pleased with the day’s out ing. To-night the usual meeting will be held at the Mechanics’ Institute. “The Ghost” entertainment will be given, the price being sixpeuco to all ; parts of the house. The Temperance Hall was again crowded on Saturday night last at the meeting of the Blue Ribbon Union. Mr Long occupied the chair, and urged upon all to sign the pledge, and to help in the cause of temper ance. Mr M’Meiekan also gave nn interest ing address, and made a strong appeal to those who had not donned the blue, referring also to the good work the temperance people of South Melbourne were doing. A lengthy programme was gone through by the South Melbourne friends, including solos from Misses Floyd and I’oitcr, who had to respond to an encore, and Messrs Brewer, Davis and Frazer. Duets by the Misses Potter and Floyd were encored, and recita tions by Messrs Nnison and Hill. Mr Devine conducted the choir, and Miss Smyth officiated ns organist aud pianiste. Several persons signed the pledge at the close. A new programme will be presented to-night. The Williamstown Comedy club elsowhere request all accounts against “ Blojir for JBlo)v”Jto bo sent to [the secretary/ Mr Baxter, Railway Crescent, before1) next Wednesday, when they will be passed for payment. The "Ghost” entertainment was given in the Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday evening, and was poorly patronised. It con sisted in a series of clever optical illusions, which were extremely well managed, and at last it became difficult to distinguish material spirits from ghosts, for they both developed attributes common only to the latter. A great deal of mechanism was necessary to produce these effects, aud the ghost enter tainment was deserving of better patronage. It is intended to form private day skating classes at the Academy of Mimic, in addition to those which assemble every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Lessons are also given free in the morning after ten o'clock. Ridgway’s Pavilion of Varieties gave entertainments on Saturday afternoon and evening, near the Court House Hotel, and were but fairly patronized. Mr Clifford Ashley, the Wizard of the North, is announced to give an entertain ment in the Academy of Music this evening. It will consist of feats of juggling, slciirht of-hand and general conjuring, and is said to be very clever. The Cerberus on Thursday mado a trip to the Heads for the purpose of testing the new turret sights and making an inspection of the various blind channels in the bay. 