AN UNFORTUNATE BLUNDER. Captain Freelance's return to Bavenscroft was quite an event in that little Doltehiro village. The captain was the nephew of Squire Fairfax, of Bavenscroft Hall The early death of both his parents had left his uncle his guardian, and it must be confessed that the behaviour of the young man did not make'that office a sinecure. In fact, both before and after he entered the army young' freelance was as dissi pated and reckless a boy as one could well imagine.. Squire Fairfax could prophesy no very brilliant fnture for him, and was rejoiced when his coming of age released him from the painful duties of guardian ship. . Soon after he attained majority, young 1 Freelance's regiment was ordered abroad, and, it was now after five years' service in India that the scapegrace re tamed for a .time to his. uncle's roof. Ono can guess with what feelings Squire Fairfax awaited his nephew's arrival What sort. of a man had the dissipated boy turned , out ? Was be wilder than ever, or had he become, as wild boys often do, an unusually steady and sober man " Would he come back aged and broken at 27, or young, strong, and handsome as he should be ? The accounts of his behaviour in India which reached Squire Fairfax' ears assisted him nothing in trying to answer these questions. Some had described him as a warning to young men others as a model. When, then. Captain Freelance, was ushered into the study where Squire Fairfax and his only child Emma were awaiting his arrival) it was with ill-concealed anxiety that the former rose to meet his guest. But in a moment bis anxiety disappeared. Captain - Freelance was no longer Jthe worn dissipated youth his linole had remembered him. As he stood there, tall and erect, with his broad shoulders, resolute face, and gallant bearing, the Squire thought him the very beauideal of a soldier; there was not a trace in face or manner of debauched habits or an abandoned life. If his nephew's reformation brought joy to Squire Fairfax, there was another person in the village to whom it was extremely unwelcome; Strange to Bay, he who regretted the young man's desertion of evil ways was the rector of the parish. The Bev. Dr. Blair, for reasons of his own, did not rejoice over the return of the prodigal nephew. He saw in it the possible defeat and confusion of all the plans and hopes of-his life.' Dr. Blair had an only son who had not long returned -from the university, where he had 'distinguished- himself He was as nnlike his dark-browed, bitter^ .energetic father iab" possible. Pale and fair, with a delicate, girlish face and a quiet, gentle manner, (George Blair* was the delight and darling of all the ladies, old and young, for miles around. He was in every way worthy of their esteem; His father had made him his curate, and the thoroughness with which he performed his duties, and the kindness and thoughtfulness he displayed in dealing with the parish poor, won for him respect and admiration from severer critics than his female friends. Dr. Blair loved his son with a warmth and tenderness surprising in a man so cold and stern as he. Perhaps this affection was the one soft spot usually to be found in the hardest natures, or perhaps it was a survival from a better self. It was said that he saw in the boy's delicate face and gentle manner a reflex and reproduction of the wife whom the rector in his youth had loved with an exceeding passion, and whose early death had darkened and embittered his life. For his son, the doctor was ambitious. While George was still a boy, his father had planned a bright future for him, and every step he afterwards took was adopted with due regard for that plan. The lad was to go to • the university; from it he was to return to Bavenscroft; there he would be his father's curate, and, in proper time, would become the husband of the heireBS of Squire Fairfax, and succeed alike to Bavenscroft estate and Ravenscroft'8 living. That George was scarcely a fit mate for Miss Emma Fairfax, and that the squire might suggest the goveruess, little Miss Ivyleaf, as a more suitable partner for him, never entered the doctor's mind. If it had, he would probably have scouted it s absurd. In his estimation, no woman and no future were too good for his handsome, clever boy. Ail went well for a long time. Qeoige Blair went to Oxford, and took there a good degree; During his course, he spent his vacations at Bavenscroft, and was a guest a!) the Hall, where he was a great favourite with the Squire, and a greater with Emma. When he became his father's curate, the interest and esteem with which he was regarded at the Hall did not diminish. He was there every day, and spent much of his time in giving Emma lessons, and in walk' ing with her and her youthful governess, Miss Ivyleaf. Everything seemed prosper- ing, and the rector was only waiting till Emma attained her nineteenth year in order to come to an understanding with the Squire, when the approaching arrival of Captain Freelance was announced. For the first time, a fear occurred to Dr. Blair that, after all, his plans might not workout as harmoniously as he had expected. His alarm was justified. No sooner had Captain Freelance arrived, than he showed symptoms of being attracted by his pretty little cousin. To the doctor's confusion, Emma showed still stronger symptoms of being attracted by him. She began to neglect George's - lei and he frequently found himself left to take his walks with .Miss Ivyleaf alone. Emma and her opusin seemed to be always together, and his. military stories, joviil chat, and hearty laugh bid an absorbing charm for her. Indeed, in the matter of wooing, the pale young curate was a poor match for the dashing soldier. When the latter entered into the race for Emma's hand, George's start counted for little. As Captain Freelance's success became the more obvious and pronounced, George Blair gradually withdrew from the contest. It was in vain that hjs father vehemently urged him on, and demanded from him, in his fierceway, if he intended to give up so easily his greatest chance offortpne. The young fellow was not, tp be. encouraged. His spirits fell ; his quiet manner became subdued until it was oppressive ; he grew solitary in his.habits and melancholy.. He seldomwentnear the Hall, and when he did, it was not in Emma's, but in Miss Ivyleafs, company that he passed his visit. At last the long-expected announcement was made. Captain Freelance and; Miss Emma Fairfax were engaged to be married. It seemed to come upon George, not as a blow, but rather as a relief. For a little time he appeared to regain his spirits. He tried even to win back his father's confidence—for his want of courage had created a marked coldness between them—but the doctor, enraged at the failure of his plans, repulsed him ; the youngcurate then, after a feeble struggle, fell back into his previous depression. He went about his duties melancholy and miserable; and he avoided his stern father, whom he seemed to regard with terror and apprehension.. It was a week or two after the engagement was announced that George Blair went one Sunday evening 'fato-his father's pnlpit to preach. As he ascended the stairs, even in the dim evening light,: several of the congregation noticed that he was ghastly pale, and that he seemed to totter in his gait. He had just given out the text, when he was seen to grasp the cushion before him, as if to steady himself. He stood thus in silence for a moment; then, with a gasp, he reeled back against the stone column behind him and sank down senseless. The wildest confusion prevailed in the church. The men sprang excitedly to their feet and stood staring, unceriain whit to do; the women all screamed, and not a few fainted. Emma was one of the latter, while Miss Ivyleaf, worst of all, went into a fit, and had to be carried from the church. Dr. Blair and Captain Freelance were the only persons who preserved their presence of mind. Without a moment's hesitation they hurried to the pulpit, and, lifting the unconscious man, bore him to the vestry, where they endeavored to revive him. Finding their efforts useless, they sent for the doctor. When he arrived, to the general horror he pronounced life extinct. At the inquest which followed, the doctor assigned disease of the heart as the cause of George Blair's death; but he did not seem over-confident in his opinion He said the heart was undoubtedly unhealthy, but scarcely in so diseased a condition as he should liave expected. His chief reason apparently for giving it as the cause of death was his inability to discover any other. The jurors, however, were satisfied, and returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. The curate's decease wrought changes both in the village and at the Hall. Dr. Blair's sorrow was for a time overwhelming. He shut himself up, and, refusing to see any one, abandoned himself to his grief. When at length he emerged from his seclu- sion, he was bitterer and sterner than ever, and less inclined to mix with his fellow men. Nothing could induce him to visit the hall. He openly stated that the true cause of his son's death was Emma's heartless desertion of him; and that he believed this, the hatred with which he regarded her and her accepted lover was proof. The whole place—village, Hall, and coantry— had become abhorrent' to him, and he re- solved at the first opportunity to leave it for ever. It was to London that he hoped to go. Amid its crowds and excitement he trusted to get rid of part of his sorrow. At the Hall the chief change wrought by George's death was the departure of the young governess, who had become Emma's companion—Miss Ivyleaf. The fit his dramatic death had brought upon her proved a very serious affair. She kept her bed for a week, and when she left it she was as pale and fleshlessas a ghost. After a time, as she showed no signs of improvement, the doctor suggested a change of air. Squire Fairfax,, who - had come to regard her almost as a daughter, offered to supply whatever money was necessary for as long a stay as needful at any place the doctor should select, and insisted that on her recovery she must return to Emma; but the young lady declined his kind offer. She had, she said, as much money as she required, and that if she recovered, she hoped that she would see them all again; but that she could never again be happy at Bavenscroft. It was all that Emma could do to extract from her a promise to write to them, and this promise was not kept. A letter or two came to them from Torquay, and then they ceased. And when, a week or so alter wards, the Squire went there to find out the cause of their cessation, he discovered, to his surprise, that on the day her last letter was posted, Miss Ivyleaf had started for London. More than a year had elapsed before Dr. Blair got the transfer he so earnestly desired. Then he was fortunate enough to effect an exchange with a city clergyman. The duties of the new cure were not heavy, nor was the income, but Dr. Blair was satisfied with both. The energy which he had once displayed in the management of great Bavenscroft parish, had for the time being, disappeared; and the desire for wealth, strong enough while his son lived, had died with him. He wished only for rest and change, and his transfer to London gave him both. But Dr. Blair was not the man to remain idle long. When his sorrow began to press less heavily upon him, his old energy came back. Living as he was in the centre of the world, feeling the heart's throb of every great hope, the great movement among men, he could not long remain a mere observer. He became interested, and from being interested he became active. He threw himself into movements which won his sympathy, and worked for them with the resolution, ability, and resource that had always characterised him. He soon made himself a power in the metropolis—a power to be reckoned with by every one who sought the suffrage or favors of the people. During the half-dozen or more years Dr. Blair was engaged winning this power and position, things had advanced at Bavenscroft. Captain Freelance and Emma had married, and a year or two after their marriage the Squire had died. The Captain, now wealthy by the union of his wife's fortune with his own, had abandoned the army, and taking a house in town, had begun to look to Parliament for his future honours. He commenced to frequent political meetings, and to develop political opinions. He manifested a sudden interest in the welfare of the working-classes, and became a valiant assailant of their wrongs and grievances. He soon waxed popular, too. His fine, manly appearance, his free and jovial manner, and his dashing stylo of speaking, made him a favourite at every public meeting he attended. It was to be expected, then, that little time would elapse before some constituency should ask him to become a candidate. It so happened that several asked him, and the one he - chose was in the metropolis, and in a district where Dr. Blair had won more than his ordinary influence. While canvassing the constituency in the expectation of the early retirement of the sitting member—who had been promised the next commissionership in lunacy by the Government—Captain Freelance one night made his way into a meeting where Dr. Blair was expounding his views on some question or other to a large audience. The Captain had heard of Dr. Blair's influence, and was eager to win it for himself. So the moment the doctor had finished his address, Captain Free- lance, pushing his way to him, held out his hand in his genial manner, and congratulated his old friend on his able speech. Dr. Blair only then saw the Captain. Drawing himself back, he glared at him with a tiger's look, and then, without uttering a word, turned his back upon him and his proffered hand. With a flush of anger and disappointment on his face Captain Freelance withdrew from the hall. He saw that if the doctor's isorrow for his son's death had abated, his hatred of the man through whom he believed it came about, had not. He felt that he must count on finding in the clergyman his bitterest and most able opponent; But Captain Freelance was not the man to give up a doubtful battle. He knew that Dr. Blair possessed enormous influence in his constituency, but he resolved to defy it. With an admirable courage and resolve he set about the task of winning the people's confidence. Meeting after meeting he addressed, house after houBe he visited, until he was known to all, and he himself knew nearly all the electors in the place. Dr. Blair worked bitterly and persistently against him; he spared no effort to injure him; and yet, in spite of all his exertions, he was enraged and mortified to find the candidate gain in popular favor every day. The clergyman's exas- peration and chagrin were extreme, but he resolved in his determined, relentless way that before long, in some way or other, he would have an ample revenge. Among other things, Dr. Blair was a member of the School Board. He took a deep interest in education, and was stern and inflexible in his enforcement of the education law. In this direction his severity often brought him into conflict with popular feeling, and no greater proof of his ability and energy could be given than that, in spite of this, his influence remained unshaken and unimpaired. It was soon after the passing of the new inquisitorial rules as to the examination of parents unable to pay school fees, that Dr. Blair was presiding at a meeting of school managers to examine parents. Two or three wretched persons had appeared, and stated the reasons why they could not pay. They had been all severely cross-examined by Dr. Blair. The next to appear was a miserable, poorly-clad, yet Btill ladylikelooking woman. The moment Dr. Blair's eyes fell upon her he started with surprise, and it was a little time before he could compose himself sufficiently to begin to question her. She seemed amazed, and terribly unnerved at the sight of him. "Well, Mrs. Leaf," he began, want exemption for your boy, George, aged nine years?" " Yes, sir," she gasped out with a shudder. , " Where's the father ?" Mrs. Leaf flashed crimson for a moment. Then, hesitatingly, she muttered—"Dead!" "Do not try to deceive me," in his severest tone. " Your boy's father is not dead. I know you, and I know him. He can be compelled to support his child, and as long as you refuse to take measures to compel him to do so, we must and will refuse to permit the boy to be schooled at the expense of decent people." Mrs. Leaf, who had been pale and dis concerted from the moment she saw Dr. Blair, grew paler while she was being questioned. She listened to Dr. Blair's severe speech in a dazed way, with downcast face. When he had finished, she took a step to leave the room. Bat the shock had been too great for her. Before she could reach the door she sank down on the floor fainting* All along the other gentlemen present had been discontented with Dr. Blair's severity. Some of them had muttered their dissent from his decisions in previous cases; but they were afraid to state boldly what they thought; the clergyman was such a terrible antagonist when he was crossed. His conduct, however, towards Mrs. Leaf drove them to desperation, and made them reckless. They revolted against him in a body. " That is too bad!" cried one. " I should say it is!" said another, think it little short of downright cruelty." " I'll stand it no more!" exclaimed a third. "I'm—I'm blessed if I will! I don't care who it is !" Dr. Blair felt himself that he had gone a little too far, but he was too astute to admit this. Without uttering a word, he glanced round the managers. They became silent beneath the look of his fierce black eyes. Then he deigned to speak. " Gentlemen, before you judge me," he said, " you might, perhaps, hear what I have to say. I know that woman. She used to be Mrs. Freelance's governess." The managers glanced at one another, a little surprised. One of them, however, a Mr. Farther, who was one of Captain Freelance's committee, feeling that something derogatory to his candidate was intended, asked, « Well, and what of that 1" "What of thatl" exclaimed Dr. Blair, foigetting discretion in his exultation. " Why, this: that womAu is his victim! listen, gentlemen; just ten years ago Captain Freelance came from India to his nncle, Squire Fairfax's. This woman was then governess there to the Squire's daughter, and Freelance's future wife. Some months after his arrival every one noticed Miss Ivyleaf was looking ill— after the Captain's engagement was announced she became ill. When she recovered a bit she left the Squire's, and nothing more was heard of her until today. Now the boy is nine years old: he must have been born some months after she left Squire Fairfax's; the only young man about Squire Fairfax's was Captain Freelance. Can you doubt the conclusion ? Captain Freelance is her child's father." The managers looked at one another. The case certainly looked black. " I don't believe it," said Mr. Farther. " Captain Freelance would be incapable of abandoning a girl under such circumstances to poverty." " Then get her to clear his reputation. Get her to tell who the boy's father is." " So I will," said Mr. Farther, doggedly. He felt very shaky as to his friend's innocence; but then, unless the affair was cleared up, the Captain's reputation was gone. If hp were guilty, the truth could do him no more harm than would be done by allowing things to remain as they now were. Miss Ivyleaf by this time was, under the care of the porter, beginning to recover. When she had regained her senses, she was brought back into the room, and Mr. Farther commenced to question her in a gentle tone. "Mrs. Leaf," he said, " it is of the greatest importance that we shonld know the name of your child'B father." " But he's dead," murmured Miss Ivyleaf, glancing at Dr. Blair in a terrified 'manner. "That doesn't matter," said Mir. Farther. "It is necessary we should know his name. Tell me, now, is Captain Freelance the mai?" "No, not" exclaimed Miss Ivyleaf, in apparent surprise. "J)on't tell us falsehoods!" broke in Dir. Blair fiercely. " If Captain Freelance Is not the man, who is?" " He's dead; I assure you he's dead," saicl Miss Ivyleaf, imploringly. « Dead or alive, what's his name ? Who was he ?" Miss Ivyleaf looked at the doctor. Her terror seemed to give her a kind of courage, " He was your son," she said in a low voice. " What ?" shouted Dr. Blair. " How dare you " " Here he is, sir," interrupted the porter as he led into the room Miss Ivyleafs ragged boy. At the sight of the lad the doctor's angry words died away on his lips. He saw before him the very image of George Blair as he remembered him thirty years ago, 