SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1887 THE NEWELL PADDOCK CASE IT is long since any case in the suburban police courts excited so much public interest as did that on Monday last at Footscray, when Mr. D. Newell was proceeded against by two ratepayers -- Messrs Firth and Humphrey - on a charge of illegally depositing nightsoil within the borough, to the danger of public health. The investigation lasted from eleven o'clock in the morning till six in the evening; the court-house was crowded all day; something over' a score of witnesses were examined ; and such eminent counsel as Dr. Madden and Mr. C. A. Smythe were retained. All this goes to show, as we have al- ready remarked, that great public in terest was felt; also that an important principle was at stake. There could not be the least doubt in any impartial mind that in such a suit as that under notice a very important issue is involved, namely, that of the public health. This is a subject that may not be trifled with, and one that should receive the utmost consideration from all public bodies. It appears from the evidence given during the prolonged sitting of Monday last, that the defendant, who singularly enough, by virtue of his position as Mayor of Footscray, is chairman of the local board of health, at the beginning of the year accepted a contract from the Hotham Borough Council for the re- moval of nightsoil from that locality. He went through the form, it seems, of obtaining permission from the local board to deposit the material in his paddock, near the Saltwater river. Accordingly he set to work to place it there with an easy conscience, so far as we can judge. Now, one of the great objections of the prosecution seems to be, not that Mr. Newell deposited nightsoil in his paddock, but that he deposited nightsoil therin from Hotham. Why there should be a special objection raised to Hotham nightsoil over that from any other locality we are at a loss to understand. It has been said that typhoid fever exists at Hotham. True; and so it does in nearly every munici pality in the colony, Footscray included, so that Hotham nightsoil would not be more infectious than that of, Footscray itself. That phase of the question, then, we are content to place on one side for the present. The real issue can only be, is the deposit of nightsoil, without re gard to where it comes from, in Newell's paddock, prejudicial, to the public health. This is of necessity a wide question, one that requires to be approached with a considerable amount of caution, arid it is with a full sense of responsibility that we touch on it. Without the shadow of a doubt a care less deposit of nightsoil is one of the most injurious acts, from a sanitary point of view, that anyone can be guilty of; and we would prefer as a rule that if the authorities, in dealing with the sub ject, erred at all that they did so on the side of safety. In the case under notice, however, we feel constrained to express an opinion that from first to last there was little or no danger to health. The evidence, we know, was very conflicting, but even for the prose- cution it was admitted that the trenches, after having the offensive mat ter run into them, had from two to eight inches of earth placed over. Now, it is well known to everybody who has the slightest knowledge of the subject that six inches of loose, powdered earth placed over such deposits is sufficient to render it innocuous. Such being the case then, where the harmfulness comes in is not quite apparent. Weo.ar great sticklers where matters.of public health or nuisances are. concerned, and those who have read our utterances on such subjects will readily concede :the point, but we have a very strong objection to public health being mniade an excuse for injuring the private business of an in- dividual In view of this, we must con- fess to some disappointment at the disinclination of the Bench to adopt the suggestion of Dr. Madden to visit the locality and judge for themselves whether or not a nuisance existed at Newell's paddock. After hearing the medical or expert evidence which was so contradictory, the Bench could have easily settled the difficulty to the satis- faction of the public mind by making a personal inspection of the spot, as pro- vided by the Health Act, but they did not chose to do so for reasons best known to themselves. Regarding the conflicting nature of the evidence, we may remark that such has rarely come under our notice, and it is a feature of the case that requires careful considera- tion from the people. In the first place we have doctors, three on one side and two on the other, swearing directly op- posite opinions. We then have one man solemnly declaring that he sat alongside the open trenches after they had been filled, and, with his wife, eating his meals: and then, on the other hand, wit- nesses stating that the smell from the paddock was such that a mile off they could not keep open their windows. Then we have a police con stable swearing that the paddock was an abominable nuisance, and that he was sent by his superior officer (a sergeant) to report on it, and that sergeant tes- tifying that there was not the slightest effiluvia from the paddock, and that he did not send the constable to report on the paddock. One officer of the Cen- tral Board of Health swore that the paddock was a great nuisance, while the worst that another officer could say about it was that it was not a suitable site for the disposal of nightsoil, smell there was none. Under, these circum- stances, we think the Bench would have done well to have accepted the good ad- vice so considerately tendered them by the learned doctor named. As to the injury to public health, not a tittle of evidence was adduced in support of the allegation. Mr. Smythe laid some stress on the fact that there were twenty cases of typhoid within the borough, but unfortunately for his case that is propor- tionate to the population less than will be found in most other places. Dr. Honman averred that in Egypt cholera broke out in every case where large de- posits of nightsoil had been made, but he was probably unaware that during the cholera epidemics in England of 1848 and 1856 it was observed that not one nightman in the large cities was at- tacked, let alone died from the malady. All this affords food for reflection, and forces us to view with dissatisfaction the decision of the bench. We adopt this opinion with the more confidence be cause we have made a personal inspec- tion of Newell's paddock, and cannot discover any odor of nightsoil even within it, much less on the public high way, which must be proved to make a case. Of bad smells in the locality they are to be found in galore, but they pro- ceed from factories and piggeries on the banks:of the Saltwater river. We fear that the. whole prosecution has had its origin in other ways than a desire for the public health. Dr. Madden's remarks about efforts to injure the business of an individual has an im- portant bearing on this, as also does the refusal to retire from the bench ex- pressed by Mr: Morris, J.P., who might have been biased, seeing that he has taken some action in the opposition to the defendant. One of the largest assemblages of people on the (dpartnre of ak'P. & O.:steaimier thatised have witnes?ed for the past three years was present on Thursday last, when the Carthage hauled i iff the WVilliamstown Ilailway Pier preparetary to starting on her voyage to England.- .This was accounted- for ,y ythe fact that the Carthageleft a fall ship, both as regards passengers and cargo. Every berth was occupied.. A larger: niidnber',f local residents than usual were observable arongst the multitude present, to see off our old townsmen, Mr' Morigau, 'the well known auctioneer, and Mrs lMorgan. Amongst others wete the Hen. W. . Roberts and the Hon. A. T. -Clark, besides several, town cosncillors. Mr ad Mrs Morgais had a host of other friends to wish them boa rouasf.e, consequently the handshaking was unusually prolonged Mr and Mrs Morgah: procued to' England on a holiday trip, but they antici pate, all being well, to nurtake of their next Christmas dinner in Williamstown. Last Saturday the Blue Ribbon U.Ion celebrated the fourth annual pie-aic by a railway excursion to Craigieburn. It was a success in every way, no effort teing sparel by the committee to provide' enjoyment for both old and young. The spot was of great beauty, and every one returned fully satisfied with the day's outing. Great praise is due to the committee and their indefatigable secretary, Mr Tabley, who did all in their power to please every one. The music] for the day was provided by Graham's Military Band. The usual meeting will be hell in the Mechanics' Institute to-night, a- good programme is prepared, which Will include a representation of "The Ghost." The price of admission is only Gd. Mr Treves, an eminent surgeon, tells the following story in'the Lance :-=" A photo grapher and his wife were recently returning home from Australia in a sailing ship which carried no surgeon. Oil Cape Horn a ter rible storm occurred, in which one of the' crew was killed, the captain and mate were much injured, and the photograher sustained a 'compound fracture of the lower arm, which in four days became gangrenous. In a consultation between the photographer, the second mate, and the carpenter, it was decided to amnutate the arm well above -.th a shoo knife, and a sail needle, The photo grapher took his seat on a heap of sails on' the deck, which' was: covered with snow. None of the' party, had any knowledge of anatomy, or had ever seen a surgical opera tion-a point which Mr Troevs pronounces to have been much in favor of the patient. The carpenter began the operation rb'tute oficii, but, losing nerve, ceded the shoe-knife to the second mate. They had noted, before beginning, the position of the pulsating artery, and were careful not to sever it. Having" 1 exposed" it, they ligatised it, and' probably the vein and nerve also, by means of the sail-needle, and then want on outting, but with infinite caution, not knowing with how many isimilar 'blood-vessels Providence might have been iplased to endow the human arm. They naturally found none such; and, SMr Treves remarks, with hunmor, that it was greatly to their credit that they dlid not mis. take the uluar nerve for a blood-vessel. Having completed their cutting and sawing, they brought the 'ends'of the several pirts together with infinite care and exactness, and sewed them up with- a smaller needle and silk, supplied by the photographer's wife, who appears to have been standing by. The amputation took .the 'unuscal-time of oiie hour and 45 minutes. Amputations of the arm, Mr Treves remarks, have been com. pleted in less time that this (they usally take a very few minutes), but none has ever. been performed witli greate?, ingenuity 'and courage. There is no stranger scene re. corded in tho: annals.of surgerythan this phitographer aitting o's a hea if ils n an snow.clad deck, in the midst of the 'Atlanti Ocean. critically.sirveying, during' ond hour and 45 minutes,the amputation of his own ·armn by a 'ship's carpenter and miate with's shoe-.knife and a saw. It is satisfactoryto know that the bravo photographer m nowy quite well, and that he possesses, owing to tle ingenuity and care of his kindly ship, mates, as faund and useful a stnmp as any surgeon in London could have provided.him with." This unique operation wasperformed on the Aberdeen.clippei Sophocles on her -last:voyagn homo from Sydney, the amateur surgeon being Mr VW. . Stock, who isat prcsdnt chief ollicer of the barque Aviemore, now loading at the railway pier. On the .iiamie paiige'Mri Stock aslad cnt'off, with his pen-knife, two of the captain's fingers, which were injured by the same'se'a.' Tie'mate id, we believe, willing to receive patients on board; charges strictly moderate.' A choral and floral service was held on Monday evening, in the Baptist. Church, Newport, by the scholars and teachers of the Williamstown, Newport and Footscray Baptist Churches. Owing to the rain the the' attendance was rather small. The singing, however, was of excellent charac ter. Mr Blake occupied the chair andgavea short but forcable address. Mr ]hroadbent conducted the vocal part of the programme and much credit is due to him for the goos training the children had evidently received. Miss Conroy recited a piece very creditably and Miss Hall presidled at the organ. Ad dresses were given by Messrs-Phillips, D. Jones, Liddy, M'Kenzie and Osmond. iOn Thursday evening at the Baptist Church, Cecil street, "uilliamnstown, the Rev. Mr Bucklogham in the chair, a floral and choral servle, was held. There was thq same choir and conductor as at Newport on Monday. The attendance wqs good, and the demonstration proved a great success. Addresses were delivered by the lev. Messrs Liddy and Jones, The Tenmperance Hall was crowded last Saturday pight at the meeting of the Blue Ribbon Union. The presilent occupied the chair and urged upon all t> sign the pledge and to help in the temlperance cause. Mr M'Meikan gave an interesting address and made a strong appeal to those who had not donned the bit of blue, referring also t3 the good work the temperance people were doing in South Melbourne. Tre rogramume was then entered upon, Sliss Floyd was very successful in her solo "T'The Little St',waaoay" as were the Misscs Potter, who had to respond to encores, Miss Pfutter also' sang "Merry Sunshine," Messra Davis and Brewer also rendered sohnls. Recitations were given by Messrs Hill, Naison, and Trigi?r Mr Devine conductedthechoirand Miss Smythe officiated as organist and pianist. On 'Vednesday the Cerberus and the Albert loft thl ir moorings off Wiliamnstown and uroceuded down the bay, the former to give her crew additional training, and the latter to take soundings and closely inspect various parts of the bay. The object o[ this is for the purpose of having an inltimate knowledge belorehand of tile ditlercnt channels that thie local fleet cUld mnake use of in the oevent of hostilities vlwhich would I not be available to an enemy,' Both ie sels return to-day. ,A dentrnutive lir oe uurrd fin lItussell street, North \1illi.smstow?i, at ;ive o'clock yestedliy afternoon, resulting in lover £600 worth 'of .damace. - Somi. planmbers .were engaged in putting' the fioishite'touches'nin I house just built for Mr Kent, of Newport. The firstthey knew of anything wrong was finding tilhe back part of the house a mass of fire, and soon the while buildine. of six rooms, was enveloped in flames. (The fire: brigade ar rived on the scene, not' very rapidly, but the work of destructian was so far advanced as to render ;t useless to attempt to save the building, so water, when it was obtained tbventy nminutes after the first outbreak, was directed on to a large house owned and iccupied by Mr Brown, which with difficulty was savel. All Mr Brown's furnitare was meanwhile renrmred. Mr Kent's house was totally destroyed it was worth ahout £400 and . insured. Mr Brown's house was insured for £200 in the Victoria, but the furniture was uninsured. The latter was ,linagnl to the extent of £30 and the house £100. W''e wotl'i'icmindcour realers that the skating rink at the Academy.of Music, in Electra-street, is still kept open-daily under the sujlervision of Mr Myres, whose efficiency as a tutor is swell-k'nwn. We are glad that this exercise is becoming so popular in Wil liamstown,nodit is one of the msat graceful and healthful of exercise in which both ladies and gentlemen may pointicipate. .As regards the fair sex weiare glad to learn that provi sion has been mtade fuo their tuition gratis in the mornings, which should be an additional means of bringing the pastime still more into popular favor.- We cannot have acclimatised in our midst large 'icetields over whiih our lads and lasses. inmay career' swiftly and deftly, nicely: bilanced oi:thlo:narrow iron soles-of ice-skates-as in the' more btr. ied countries of the oil world, but we have now afforded an opportunity of learning the use of.the roller skate which possesses the adlva? tage of being available for use in any tem perature so long as a tolerable smooth snrface is provided for it to run over. VWe hope to; see rollh.r skating-more looked after than ever in this toivn, for it is; as .w have already stated full of grace, health, and reiunement. The most delicate as well as the robust my indulge in it with safety. A numlber of ladies have already joined the rink as well as ahnumboerof chlildreuand all express tltemnselvs higlly' pleased with'the amusement. A letter from thle secretary of St. John's Ambulance. Corps was received too late for publica;inu. The subjc'ct miatter of tlie letter is an application for assistance from the outside public. The corps has not enough funds to carry out their work suc. ceesfully,and hoenca,the appeal., We will stake chlarge otafy isulbariptions left at this offlice. Perhaps the members of the Comedy c:ub might ie persuaded to repeat the per formance of0'"B'ow for Blow" for such a generous object. Ainiversary serdicesiill bheconducted it the Congregational Church, Williamstown to morrow by the Rev T. itBseby. On 'WCslesday there Mill beoti public tea,;after which.,the rev. gentleman will deliver a lecture on "The Wonderland of New Zca-, land," with special reference to the recent eruption 'of -1oubt Ttiiaorar?i The lecture. will be illustrated by a large number of of'diagrams and volcanic spacimens from the region of the eruption, and reference will be, male to ancient volcaic action in our own colony. A gentleman traveller in a train, near Newport, had a narrow escape, the other day, of falling out owiing to one of the doors not being fastened. The door flew open and it was with difficulty that he saved himself. \+ Mr.,R. G. Neale. the former proprietor of this journal, is alout taking a holiday trip to the old country, aud will be accomupanied by Mrs Neale. It is tenuty-five years since Mr and Mrs Neale came to the colonies, dur ing the whole of which period the former has been closely identified with Victorian journalism. They leave by the steamer Orient on Friday next. .' Another old resident of Williamstown is. about taking a holiday tour to England. We refer to'Mr Croker, solicitor, of the Strand. He will take his departure by the P. and O. steamer Manilla, on Thursday week. On the proceeding Tuesday he will be enter tained at a banquet. We have been requested to call attention to Mr J. H. Craig's advertisement ou the first page, in which he intimates that he has sold his agency business to Mr F. H. Bolton, 8i }ýy'_intmateathatho will endeavor to thorough man of business and will no doubt meet with the success he deserves. 