Presentation to Father Walsh. ( Hullfti//, May 2 ) An interest iny ceremony took place yester day in Si. .Joseph's Catholic Church, when after eleven o’clock Mass the, Rev. Father Walsh was presented ley his cunyrcyal ion willi an address and yolden chalice. The presentation was made hy Mr. Will iam Lennon, and ran thus :—“To the Lev. W. M. Walsh, I*. I’., Townsville. Very Re v. and I) sir Latina, -Your cony reyat ion wishing to testify the affectionate esteem they entertain for you, have deputed me to present: you with this heaufd'ul chalice, which conies from your native land. When nsinyy il duriny the sacrifice of tiic Ala-.-- we hey you to remem ber us in your suppl use ions to tin1 Almighty (i od. 1) u rin y t he yea is you have so fa il.h f ul I y and charitably ministered to our spiritual wards, your yentle and ever kindly inlluence has been felt and acknowledged, not, only by your own Hock, hut, by all denominations. The yood I'eeliny which exists among all classes in Townsville, and which you have at all times endeavoured to promote, is a subject of joy and satisfaction. That this happy state may continue and increase, and that, peace and union may ilourish and pi mince fruits which will edify and draw to (Rod’s Church those who helmld them, and that you Veiy lew. I tear Father, may for many lony years continue our beloved guide and pastor is the. prayer of your do,voted children in Christ.—-Signed on behalf of the eonyrega tion. — William Lennon, .John Rooney, Ik F. llanran, J. N. Rarkes, Michael MMviernan, Thus. Sinythe.” To this the Rev. Father, who on begin ning evinced considerable emotion, replied to the effect that lie had the greatest pleasure and thankfulness in accepting their affec tionate address and beautiful and costly chalice. For both he desired to convey to them his most cordial thanks, and to tell them how warmly he reciprocated their expressions of attachment. That the excellent feeling which had always existed between them—the pastor and his flock—during the nine years of his sojourn amongst them was a source of the greatest joy and consolation to him. They had worked together. Their gene rosity had placed in his hands the means of erecting the “ little village” of buildings which now surrounded them. During the course of the last six years the sum of £5250 had been spent in land and buildings connected with the church in Townsville, and they had the gratification of knowing that at the present moment they did not owe a pound of that sum. That the friend y relations which the members of his congregation maintained with their fellow townsmen of various different religious denominations was a subject for universal congratulation. This, he considered, in a great measure due to the admirable tone of the local press, to which he paid a glowing tribute, saying that it had never lent itself to the propagation of prejudice, scandal, nn charitahleness, or ill-natured reports ; never attempted to set creed against creed or cause dissection among their members. He had visited many towns lately, but could not, alas ! say the same of the press of many of them. He prayed that the existing truly Christian spirit might ever remain to adorn and bless the different congregations of their citv. This would not he an inappropriate time to say a few words upon the end and object of such cups. The word chalice was derived from the Latin athix the outer leaves or sepals of a flower, and its shape from the lily—emblem of purity—which it is often made to more closely resemble than the chalice before them did. Like everything used in offering up the Croat Saoriiioe it was consecrated to Cod, after which no one under the degree of deacon was privileged to touch it. This reminded them of their consecration to God in baptism when they became temples of the Holy Ghost. The chalice was as old as Christianity, for it was a chalice into which our Lord put the wine that consecrating he gave to his disciples to drink the blood which should he shed for them. Our Saviour spoke of two chalices just before his passion. First the chalice which blessing lie gave to his disciples to drink of his precious blood— the chalice conveying the promise of eternal happiness and blessing—the chalice of joy ; and secondly, he cried in his agony in the garden “ Father ! if it he possible let this chains* pass from me,” and this was tile chalice of sorrow. In almost daily expen (nice (hey alternated between llieeuonf joy and the chalice of hitter affliction. In the early ages of (he church when the religion of Christ, now the most powerful on earth, was persecuted .'lirnuglmul the world and irs followers had to perform its rites by stealth, chalices alt hough now made either of gold or silver with a golden lining, were made of cither stone, wood, or any material procurable by a people poor in all save virtue. As St. Uoniface puts it, the chalices were of wood, hut the hearts of the people as of gold. i!ui Lie eusloin of mak ing them from the precious nctais wir of great anti<|uity, for as early as (Ire year 205 Pune. Ze!illvri:ius forbade them to he made of any other material. In former times when Holy Communion was administer ‘d under the Loi ni of both bread and wine, tin- chalice was a, much large]- vessel than that now used. Ill tiieeight.h century the Fuipemr Cl.arieina.gne presented one weighing eighteen iroiniL to a cluircli in Aix hi Chapelie. The |{ev. Father then remarked upon the d liferent kinds of chalices—the chalice of baptism, &<;. He Would accept their present as a love cup, Mill trust,(>d that Cod would fortify ail in order to he able to endure with a true Christian spirit and fortitude the hitter clialio, of affliction when it came. ID- greatly admired the beautiful chalice they had presented to him that day, and fully appreciated the delicacy of sentiment, which had pxunptud them to pro cure, it from, and have it made emblematical of his native land. Whilst he lived he, would use it, and there would always be a, consola tion in thinking that it, would he employed in performing the mightiest, of sacrilices when lie—when all present—had passed away, and stood in the dread presence of II' * in whose honour it was used. The chalice is a beautiful object, the chas ing and embellishments being exceedingly rich and tasteful. Upon it are represented the agony, the garden, the last supper, the crucifixion, and the resurrection, while four rubies are set ai cipii-distanoes from each other on the sides. Upon the base there are shamrocks each composed of large emeralds, in artistic setting. Tin; chalice is inscribed — “ Very Pev. W. M. \V„ P.P., Townsville. From his congregation, 188G.” 