SIR ARTHUR. SULLIVAN'S NEW OPERA. The London WORLD has divulged a few seorete about thenew^opera for the Savoy :-There is no overture. ' That the piece is in reality a carica ture on thev'old-fashioned melodrama, with the virtuous peasant girl, the wicked baronet, &c.;, you may take for granted. I am not allowed to say what the 'surprise' will be 5 but I will tell you that the wicked baronet has to be wicked, in consequence of a curse which compels him to commit a '?? crime ' every day or--to die. Now, Grossmith, the mild baronet, refuses the title under such conditions, and hides himself, leaving Barrington to commit the obligatory crimes. He is, however, compelled to take his placé j and there is a scene between him and tho gallery of-his ancestors, which is one of the most original effects known on the stage. The pre dominant color of the music is the old English. For instance, the first opening chorus of the bridesmaids in gavotte time (É flat), and the sailor's song a la Dibdin." Then come a hornpipe and a madrigal, a sweetly pretty thing mo3t taste fully invented, with a chaste and graceful ac companiment. Grossmith's'second song and the end of the two finales belong to that same descripv tion. The score contains, moreover, a graceful song in.waltz-time..for soprano :(Leonora,Braham), a dramatic lëgènd for .'contraltpy a' inpst extraordi nary arid'hig^^^ doublé chorus,; a ^ real gem, :fpr contralto and /baritone^.various -airs and duets/.togetherr rip ..fewer .than ítwénty-foúr num bers, One^ofthe principal nijmbers;--the princi pal., in >my r.humble' : opinion-r-is ? -the ('ghost ' scene above alluded serious;-soW pf' thé orchestra and chorus producing a "most weird and' solemn effect. ' If there is much serious 'music.' arid more counterpoint jbhan'youWöulJ,:look,for in a comic Opera, there is much ' of a rollicking char ter, apparently written, in-trié exuberance pf high spirits. The cast'will, be? as follows :-Robin Oakapple, * G. Grossmiibh ; Richard -(bis\ foster brother), D. Lely; -Sir^Despard, R.'Barrington j Sir. Roderic, R. Tenipîè; Old Adam. »R. Lewis j Ro3e* Maybud; Miss L. Braham ; Mad Margaret, Miss J. Bond j arid Zorah) Miss Findlay. 7 