] oulag5er In Exile. "General Boulanger, like ' Banquo's' ghost, will not ' down,' especially at the bid ding of the opportunists," writes a correspon dent of the Boston Advzerliser from Clermont. " The Chambers having adjourned until the autumn, there cm be no ministerial crisis, at least for the next two or three months, and consequently ' the Boulanger question' will remain unsolved for a long time to come. But when the present Cabinet does fall, as it must sooner or later in the very nature of things, then this irrepressible General is sure tobec once more the apple of discord in the French Rebublican camp and a source of disquietude to all Europe. And then will be witnessed again the confusion and bitterness and dan gers that oharaeterised public life in this country during the month of May last. " Hence it is that everything relating to this coming man it of peculiar interest, and hence it is that I .run down from the metro polis to spend a day in the capital of Auvergne the headquarters of the Thirteenth Army Corps, in order to study the ' people's idol ' in his new surroundings. "Clermont offers the usual slovenly ap -porance of a provincial French town; dirty white walls, surmounted by tiles and chimney-pots on glaring red houses, ugly and uncomfortable, never homes, people slow stupid, and sadly in need of soap, and streets which twist and squirm aboutlike a nest of snakes. "I shook off these gloomy tY`ougi's and turned my steps toward the military head quarters. Before I could come into the great presence, I was obliged to pass numerous stolid sentries, little sallow-faced men in blue coats and ugly, ill-fitting trousers, who stared at me blankly and looked as if they were worth just about the salary they receive-one cent per day. Then I was stopped by a group of officers, floe- looking, soldierly men, who wore a most brilliant and tasteful uniform, and finally I found myself in charge of an aide-dc-camp, who sejeived my card, and, after presenting ii, returned, and bowing politely, said : ' The General will receive you, sir.' It was with no little embarrassment that I now found myself standing betore the man, who, for all we know, is destined ere long to lead the armies of France on to victories yet undreamed of. I had seen General Boulanger before at various state receptions in Paris, but on such occasions he had always appeared in full. military uniform and had seemed to be on exhibition. Now I was, as it were, standing behind the scenes where I could study this remarkable man in an everyday light. " There he is without his ribbons and stars, and without either sword or spur, no magnificence, no posing, he whose name is sounding now in stirring sons through every part of France, the people's idol, the man of all Europe most talked of, read of, loved, hated, and ridiculed-General Boulanger; there he sits in citizen's dress, working quietly at a table littered over with papers in an unpretentious office. He wore a light, buff-colored suit, very stylishly made, which showed off to perfe?taon his fline figue and sp!ondid proportions. Though not tall, he has the build of an athlete, and, while the lines of his body are easy'and graceful, yet they show thatmuscles of stellioe beneath. I- has brown hair, showing hardly a trace or gray, in spite of his fifty years, and brushed sharply back from the forehead, the part being near the middle, which arrangement, as well as the eyeglasses worn while he reads gives him a scholarly air. On the whole, he impresses you as one who would keep cool under all circumstances, as a man who is calmly biding his time, sure of himn self and sure of a great store of reserve lpower held back for the hour of need. This look of quiet strength almost forces you to believe in him. "After an interview we proceed to the lovely little garden in the back, wheore, in spite of the rain, I succeeded in getting a fairly good view of ?oulanger's Clermont house. The house is like tho man, simple and impretectious, a plain square building, some pretty vines and flower-beds hero and there in the well-cut grass, some trees and shrubbery, that is all. There is no show, no luxury, nothing to draw a second glance, and yet from day to day, from hour to hour, the wires groan with the messages flashed to Paris, to Berlin, to St. Petersburg, to London, telling what is going on within those four white walls.' 