; THE JULY MAGAZINES. e Contemporary Review opens with a paper by Professor Goldwin Smith on the Canadian Constitution in connection with the idea that Canada affords a parallel to Ireland, and a precedent for dealing with tho Irish ques- tion. iho writer points ont that externally tho relation of Canada to England is not, ns is always assumed, stationary, so that it could be reproduced as a permanent institution, but shifting. It is that of a dependency which is in progress towards independence, nnd has now almost reached tho goal. Canada is now assumiug the power of making her own com mercial treaties under tho formal control of tho Foreign Office. Tho Governor-Gcueral has finally resiguod his control over the power of dissolving Parliament, wL ich is now openly used by tho party leader iu power. Everyone feels that tho thread of connection with tbe mother country may bo snapped at any moment by an untoward event, such as tho failure of England to afford efficient protection to Cana dian commerce in case of a maritime war ; and those to whom a violent rupture with the mother country presents itself as tho greatest of evils live in constant apprehension of some occurrence of this kind, Tha precarious character of tho political connection between Canada as a self governing colony and Groat Britain is being illustrated by the proposal of tho Canadian Minister of Fiuanco to add to his prolectivo tariff an artiblo excluding British iron. As regards relations with the United States, Professor Smith believes that the English speaking race on tho North American continent divided a century ago by the Ameri can revolution must some day again become one people, though it is to bo hoped that the rc-nnion when it comes will be brought about, not by annexation, but by muluaLattraction, while nothing is to be gained on ciracr sido by precipitating tbo event. He is also strongly of opinion that England has no political interest on the American side of the Atlantic except tho friendship of tho whole English speaking race. Tho lutest confirmation is the conduct of tho Canadian Legislatures in allowing them selves to be used ns the instruments of those who seek tho disintegration of the Im perial country, which is an iucideut from which the advocates of Im perial federation should take warning. Air. W. Holinan Hunt furnishes an interesting account of his travels m tho Holy Land iu search of materialfor tho painting of his picture, Tho Scapegoat. Archdeacon Farrar makos a stroug appeal for tho protection of Africa from the drink trade, and quotes Sir Richard Burton's opinion that "if the slavo trado were revived with all its horrors, and Africa could get rid of tho whito man with tho gunpowder and rum which he has introdnced, Africa would bo n gainer in happiness by the exchange." Uudcr the title of " Modern Historians and Small Nationaltios, " Mr. H. Morse Stephens remarks that no political fact is of more impor tance and interest in modern Continental history than tho tenacity with which the smaller nations of Europe preserve their pride of nationality in the iaca of tho growing tendency towarJs tha formatiou of large, strongly con centrated empires, supported by powerful armies. Why, ho asks, should Portugal utterly. refnso to unito with Spain? Why do Holland and Belgium cling to their existence as . separato States in spite at all tbo offorts , of ' statesmen to join them? Why do. -tho people of Bdjicuiia and Croatia, of ; Finland and of Poland, refuse to coalesce with the rest of tho population of the' empires of which they form but small sections ? Why, finally, do tho new kingdoms of Roumania and Sorvia show such astonishing vitality ? Tho answer is found in the labors of earnest modem historians, who havo success fully revived the national spirit of the peoples concerned. A Resident of Pekin, writing on the condition ot China, remarks that her position in regard to tho, western powers since 1842 is an entirely new doparturo in her history. Her Ministers sit with tho diplo matists of Europe, in the same council chambers, as equals with equals. This change must have a vast influence on her in coming tunes. Sho is too strong not to bo respected. Her population is too great and her civilisation too advanced to admit of her being subdued hy an invading army, and each year sees China growing stronger, so that the other powers, whether in Asia or further away, will bo still less likely to attempt it ot uny future time. Though fully alive to the evils of opium smoking, tho Chinese Government look npon the opium revenue as of too mh'ch' valuo to bo abandoned. They think itfncdessafy 'for coast defence; and repressing is this object that they ore now planning railways ' is n source ol rovcnuo'' fo meet the same need. Sixty per cent from the receipts of railways, when made, is talked about as a convenient addition to the sum re quired for national defence, military and naval. The positiou of England ipi tho trade with China is a security for tho continuance of friendly relations botweon the two countries. Tho trade with China of Great Britain and Hong Kong reached in 1885 a total of about a hundred million tools, or £26,000,000 ; while the trade of China with all the rest of the world was about half that amount. Tbe move ment of China at the present time is a slow as similation to tho European type. Sho has always studied politics and she has had political writers from tho time of Confucius till now. Her high ethical school of conservatism is up- posod to free-trade, and in favor of exclusive- ness and isolation. She is now retreating from the attitude of exclusivencss and the affectation of superiority, and is adopting ex animo the language and attitude of a Western Power. Hor sentiments are becoming liberal, and her laws and institutions are in a fair way to be ameliorated. China, of all Asiatic countries, is tho only one except Japan that has uiado a study of politics, China, like Japan, is awakening, but tho process is slower than in the caso of her island neighbor. Tho Nineteenth Century is not a strong number this mouth. Sir Alountstuart E. Grant- Duff reviews tho progress of political opinion in Great Britain during tho past six years. Mr. St. George Mivarc . discusses the Catholic Church and Biblical criticism, holding that there is in store for the Catholic world a trans formation of opinion in the domains of history and criticism similar to the transformations which it has antecedently experienced in tho fields of astronomical, geological and biological science. Airs. Uarrietto R. Davics proposes to uu -t-.uy with the uuiiicttliu aervuin uimcuity by establishing kitchen colleges for women ; not schools of cookery or a conglomeration of unor ganised classes, but schools of everything a servant ought to know ; schools or colleges with exhibitions and scholarships and diplomas, with clever lecturers and clear, simple text books, and fees that will come within tho means of women who havo to work for their duily bread. Air. Gladstone continues his Olympian studies, dealing tbis month with the rank of the god AtheuS. Air. W. Bossiter contributes a very readable article on Artisan Atheism ; aud Air. Herbert J. Gladstone furnishes a somewhat colorless paper on his first visit to India. Some letters from Einin Pasha, uptoJannary, 1885, on his doings in Central Africa, appear in tho Fortniyhtly. They are addressed to Mary Rosalio Felkin, of Wolverhampton, nnd speak hopefully as to his ultimata success. Since 1878 Emm Pasha has been Governor of the great Equatorial Province which was until Tery recently under Egyptian ralo ; and for the last four years ho bos been cat off from com munication with tho outside world. Air. Francis Galton gives the results of some carious statistics he has collected in regard to good I nd bad temper in English families. He finds that there is little difference between tho two sexes in the frequency of good and had temper, hat that little is in favor of tho women, since abont 45 men are recorded as good tempered for every 55 who are had, and conversely 55 women as good tempered for 45 who are bad. Although tenser exerts on immense influence for good or ill on domestic happiness, it seems that good temper is not especially looked for, nor is ill-temper especially shunned, in raar- riago selection. Writing of General Langie- vicz, and the last Polish rising of 24 years ago, Karl Blind maintains that it is idle to imagine tho Polish question to be in reality settled. Should a great war, ho remarks, fanned by tho CzAr's ambition and a French " party of revenge, "once more desolate Europe, it will only depend on the powers interested in curbing Aluscovite aggression to make good nso of the Polish hatred of Russia. This, ho believes, is well understood nt St. Petersburg ; and therein probably lies one of tho restraining forces which still mnke it advisable for tha Northern awlocracy to keep the Panslavist hounds of war against Germany and Anstria- Hnngary in tho leash. F. Mabel Robinson contributes a paper oa English Working Womcu und Thoir Earnings. It appears' that among European nations nono has so great a disproportion of tho sexes as Great Britain, yet tlio position of woman ns a worker is far more readily acknowledged iu Continental States thau in England ; and foreign women arc, as a rule, trained to take part in the bread winning, and enabled to bear a share of the responsibilities cf lite, after as lunch as before marriage. Tho British, ns a nation, have made no effort to teach their redundant female population to support itself, although their position as a mother of colonies loaves them with a steadily increasing propor tion of women who, through the emigration of their male relatives, are forced to provide for themselves. Some melancholy details are given of the prices paid for women's work in tho old country. To a largo class of working men's wives a few shillings weekly mako all the difference between penary and comfort ; these women, never realising tho misery their com petition entails on those who aro working for bare bread, will fake work at a starvation wage, and they are the mainstay of tho cheap exporter and shirt maker. Slop Government tailoring for soldiers and polico is hut little better paid ; fatigno great coats ate now made for 10d., and whito canvas jackets, very stiff and hard to sew, for Is. Tho popular circular fur-lined cloaks arc pnt together for Is., a price which, considering tho relative amount of labcr, seems truly magnificent in comparison with tho export trousers at 4Ad. Low clas6 plain sewing is even more wretchedly paid. There existed a short wliilo sinco a West End shop which paid Is. Id. a dozen to Londuu sempstresses for machiuo made Oxford shirts, and lid. each, buttonholes includod, is still a common wage. Even with tho better class of traders the earn ings of the plain needlewoman are small ; 6s. is a high price to pay for tho making of a lady's night dress, yet there is from three to live days' work iu such a garment when finely tucked and in ado by hand, so that 2s. a day is the highest earnings of a skilled " whito " worker employed hy a high class firm. Her neighbor, no less proficient, but working for a cheaper house, gets only 3s. 6d. or 3s. 9d. for the same gar ment, yet tho wonder is rather that her em ployer pays hor so well than that ho pays so badly, for he lias to compete with his fellow- tradesman, the seller of convent aud peni tentiary work, aud with him who deals in tho cheap and excellent labor markets of Ireland nnd France. Iu many trades in England a woman mast underbid tha men to obtain employment, and by doing this- sho becomes the enemy of tho male -worker, who quite rightly rcluscs to work in company with thoso who depreciate the value of the work. Tho Hon. Geo. Gurzoii, Al.F., supplies a remarkable account of the tor tures ho saw a set of Dervishes at Kairwun inflict upon thomselvcs. Knives were run through tho body, aud prickly pears and broken glass were eaten ; but though livid marka of wounds were left, in no case did blood seem to flow. Air. Gurzon observed . that these phe nomena are so closely allied to those produced in various and well known states of hypnotism, catalepsy, ccstacy nnd hysteria, as to deserve a more minute physiological analysis than 'they have so far obtained. Tho disorder, complete insonsibilily to pain, mental delusions, violent muscnlar contortions, stroug emotional ex citement, finding vcut in wild uttcr- naccs and extravagant gesticulations, all thoso are familiar symptoms of ouo or other of tho affections named. It is now generally admitted that hypnotism, or, as it is sometimes erroneously called, animal magnetism, is not produced by any occult force transmitted from an operator ' to a patient, bat arises from a degraded physical ami mental condition in the organisation of tho subject concerned. In an article on the Georgian and Victorian Expausion, Professor Secley finds that the brightest sido oftho Vic torian nga is undoubtedly to bo seen in tho growth of tho colonies aud dependencies. At home there 6cems to be a shadow for every light. At home development is cither im peded or mado dangerous by want of room. Everywhere there is congestion, and not only iu tho East of London or iu tho West of Ire land. For the colonics this half century lias been a period of uninterrupted growth and almost uncloaded sunshine. The initial paper in the Westminster deals with tho present fonn of the Liberal organisa tion with a view to its re-organisation in conse quence of the recent defeats which tho causo has sustained. Complaint is made that there has been too much narrowness in the application of tho caucus system. At the lost general election . tho organisation failed as a gauge of opinion before tha dissolution, as an engine of education before the contest, aud as a means of polliug the electors on tho day of the election. The cardinal faults of the present svstcin of moat organisation are aenucd to be— The u»n- rcpresentativc character of tho associations ; the faulty system of election ; tho dangerous prac tice of issuing mere machine mado opinion ; the indifference of the bulk of tho association to tho political condition of tho rank aud tile of tho party ; tho lack of any methodised system of political education : and the want of any orga nised method of apportioning work and respon sibility among individuals. Under the title of A Flitting Ghost, .Mr. Froude's Oceana is reviewed, and defined as being an utter failure in its attempt to represont the true position of Now Zealaud. The Ainaricau system of edu cation is discussed by a well informed writer, who describes the chief defects of tho American schools as being — Want of deliiiitencss cud unity of aim ; want of power to harmonire and satisfy tha claims of tho various classes oi ma papulation ; want ot method, dis cipline and thoroughness ; want of educational completeness. Tho most obvious defect in Amoricau education, tho writer holds, is the lack of practical training in tho productive crafts. The consequenco is that tho productive crafts and those who practise them are despised, so that American citizens will not learn them if they can find anv other way of making a living. The children of the very poor classes, who, for want of any thing better, would he glad to learn them, can find no opportunity to do so, especially now that the labor organisations so strongly object to tho employment of apprentices. Thus there are developed, ou the ouo hand, an unscrupu lous, supercilious non-laboriug class, that, in trying to live by its wits, corrupts public morality in a thoucand ways ; ou the other, a helpless class, utterly unprepared to light lifo's battle, and sinking down after a brief ineffectual strugglo into tramps, "loafers " and crimiuals, or, at best, into public 6laves, for whom no one is responsible, and whose labor is sold as a substitute for steam power at compe tition prices in a labor glutted market. Tho writer is very hopeful of tbe future of tbe American educational system ; and be believes that when tbo Church is once firmly founded on the rock of trnth it will go hand in hand with the State, when the samo schools will educate for both, for their interest! will be the came. A paper on the Confederation of the British Empire directs attention to tho .fact that history affords no parallel to the posi- tion of that empire. Tho British flag floats ovor one-oighth of the habitable globe, Vic toria rules over one-sixth of the world's popula tion, and Great Britain enjoys one-third of the world's trade. Tiie British dominions exceed fourfold those of ancient Rome. The reviewer thinks that the circumstance that tho most important advocates of federation deprecate earnestly tho premature formation of definite and detailed proposals indicates the strength of the cause. Tho constructive policy will begin as soon as public feeling requires it. j Dtackwooil has the first of a series of articles ' on the Balanco of -Military Power iu Europe, in reply to Sir Chas. Dilkc's recent papers in tho J'ortuiyhtly. Tbe writer contends thai when the conditions uudcr which foreign nations maintain their huge armies are ex amined, it will bo found that, though the Euglish army, in proportion to numbers, costs sums which appear to be fabulously large in proportion to theirs, vet that in more monetary resources the drain of their system is incalcula bly greater than i hat of the English. The English ariny, he believes, is tho cheapest in tho world for the work it has to do. Though much money has been wasted iu tho past, nnd though many ! reforms are needed, tho British Government is ! now, in the maiu, upon tho right track, pro vided tho pubic (will so far interest itself in the matter as to see that abuses, which lmvo crept in mainly bccauso of that very Par liamentary system which Lord Randolph Churchill acquits, nre remedied. The navy is now in hands which earnestly intend to sift its weaknesses nud redress what is wroug; but it has a gigantic task in defending a commerce the extent nnd the weakness of which before j attack is never realised by Englishmen. Oa the other hand, that commerce supplies to Great Britninaspccialpowcrforstriking effective blows ; at a distauco from homo which of its kind 13 nnrivalled. Tho writer admits that England, as both Sir Chas. Dilke and Col. Alalieson are agreed, is within Iudin itself restricted to an essentially defensive position. Any contest with Russia in which Russia should be able to strike, and England only to defend, would lie a disastrous one. Therefore England needs to develop her power for striking rapidly as far as she reasonably may. Tho inexorable conditions of sea transport imposo a limit which cuuuot bo passed to tho force that can so bo used for striking rapidly. It is added If wo he-, lieyc — which wo do not — that VIndivost'ock | was tho one vulnerable point in tho Russian dominions at which wo could striko, wo should hold Sir Charles Dilko to bo a traitor for dis closing our purpose of going there, seeing that all the effective strokos depeud npon their being delivered after tho fashion of our move ment in 1882, from Alexandria to Ismailia, of which Arabi never heard till I10 was a prisoner iu Ceylon. Therefore wo do not propose io discuss tho exact direction iu which our blew should be delivered but ; in a future article wo shall show causo why the power of entering the Black Sea is vitally important to ns ; also, that the present condition of the Continent offers the opportunity, ou tho do ut des principle, of alliance, which is vital to us if we are to defend our Empire without ruinous strain on our people." 