TO CORRESPONDENTS. 'A Local Preaches 'and 'Tut Tupphb,' — Now that Parliament is in session we can publish no more letters on the subject of the 'laying on of bands.' Out correspondents will, we are sure, forgive us. ' J.H.B.'— 1. If A stipulates that B most do so, the wager ib off. 2. B most pay bis double if either or both horses are scratched before the race, unless he bargained for a start being allowed. 'W.W. IiOncmire,' CdHinsfield.— If you have von public money as a second prize you cannot start again as a maiden runner. ' . 'M. Davis' and *' Humbug.'— We have had quite enough on the Tanyarrie ghoBt business, unless correspondents have really something new to communicate. Now that Parliament is in session we have no room for mere speculation. 'One of Thim,' Strangways Springs. — Write a proper letter. 'Teadesman,' Wirrabara, sends us a (long letter, in which he endeavors to show that the Jubilee Exhibition cannot be otherwise than barren of good results. He thinks that it was a pity more of the successful candidates for seats in Parliament did not, as the majority of the electore wished them to do, oppose the Bill when before the House ; that the benefits to be derived by the community in the city during the running of the big show will not nearly compensate for the stagnation which must necessarily follow; that tradesmen of all classes in the country districts will suffer still more than they are doing now ; and that many who have struggled on so far through the great depression wQl have to succumb in con sequence, as numbers of debtors to them 'will scrape up enough money to enable them to attend this big show of the products of other nations whether they can afford it or not. and return to the country poorer, even if wiser, than ever.*' Our correspondent complains that ' all this is being done simply to indulge the aims of a few city men and against the wishes of the country.' + 'Contbactob,' Blumberg, complains of the way in which the affairs of the Talunga District Council are conducted. He states that the lowest tender in many cases is . not accepted, ' although the con tractor may be a competent man to carry out the work; that the advertisement calling for tenders do not state when or where the tenders will be accepted ; but that instead of this 'yon may, a few days after the council meeting held next after the advertisements have appeared, hear that a notice has -been stuck up in some public place that tenders have to be sent in to some particular councillor within a very short period, -which notice may have been taken down the same day it was hung up, and very few contractors may have seen or heard of it ; thus contracts may be seen going 10 or 15 per cent, higher than they should have done.' Our correspondent thinks that two or three councillors should be present when ten den are opened tor Bee that contractors get fair play. 'Wageb.'— North-terrace is 2,300 yards loner. 'Enquirer,' Narracoorte.— A draper or grocer cannot seize furniture in settlement of his account without authority from the Local' Court. Should he obtain this, then if there is any balance after the sale it must be handed to the debtor. ' A Subscribes,' St. Peters.— The lines are ? from James Montgomery's poem, 'The Friends.' 'Babcoo Ringer,' Waukaringa, referring to the advice recently given in our columns to country shearers by 'An Old Shearer' not to have anything to do with any organisation set on foot by discontents in town, who' care nothing for them after shearing is over, says that the Shearers' Union only pretends to touch matters while the shearing is on or con templated. He hopes the union will be suc cessful, and expresses, bis willingness to back it to his last copper. ' Economy' wants to know how to clean velveteen. ' Aegument,' Port Augusta.— The fact of Port Augusta having a cathedral and a bishop will not make it a city. « ' J, Chas. Gendkbb.'— No, ' Oppressed,' Moonta Mines.— Yon cannot claim authority over a child of which you are not the father either in law or in fact. ' Backwoodsman,' Franklin Harbor.— The proper way to find the contents of a cylindrical tank is to equate the diameter, multiply by '7854, and then multiply by the depth, The other way you mention will give an approxi mate result, but nothing more. 'H. V. Eogebs' recommends importers to assist colonial producers as far as]possible by using their capital here and refraining from pushing imported goods. He also advocates moderate protection as opposed to free-trade or prohibition. ' Huso,' Kooringa.— The problem is to be solved as f olio wb :— Let x be the number of days in which A can do the work ; then A and B can do respectively 1 by ar and 1 by a; +12 of the work in one day. Therefore 1 by xc-rl oy x +12=/=t which is brought down into the quadratic equation 5x- — 81r=864, Divide by 5 and add the square of half the co efficient of x, and the result will be *2— ^*-5-(*s-)2=5I4+iIt4- Extract the square root and simplify down, and the result will be 3=24. 'Eastwood.'— The milk will be analysed by the corporation analyist for a fee of 10s. 6d. If, however, the milk should prove to be adulterated, and the complainant is willing to give evidence, the fee will be returned. 'Conbtakt Reader.'— If the vehicle is being drawn along unlighted you can be prose cuted ; but if it is standing still you are liable to no penalty. 'J.H.,' having observed that the speech of his Excellency the Governor at the opening of Parliament refers to a projected amendment in the laws relating to Chinese immigration, hopes that the members of Parliament will never think of flooding South Australia with Chinese. 'R, P. Hobpner,' Hamley Bridge.— Queensland postal notes can be cashed at the Adelaide Money-order Office. 'Patneham.' — We cannot express an opinion as to the conduct of a schoolmaster in chastising the children under his control. If you think he has done wrong report the case to the department. 'Mechanic,' Mount Barker, referring to the letter of 'Joseph Stock' speaking of a machine for developing its own motive power which appeared in a recent issue, asks the writer to communicate with 'Mechanic,' Post office, Mount Barker. 'Enquirer.'— It is 145 feet to the top of the iron palisading on the Post Office tower. 'W. Lindlet. — A halfpenny per head is the sum authorised by schedule B of the Impounding Act of 1858 to be put upon huge cattle trespassing under the conditions you state. 'Thb Wife of a Geubbee.'— We under stand from the Forest Department that the men employed at Emu Flat have been paid their wages. 'The Denizens.'— The 'Silver King 'has only been staged once previously in Adelaide. ' Feed. W. Jones,' Kent Town.— Thanks. We always thought it was the Bishop of Lich field. Mr. Spurgeon says nothing amu&es; him so much as the stories about himself. They are eo new. ? 'Wnx. R. Bubton.'— We are unable to answer questions Nos. 1 and 2. With reference to No. 3, we believe something like it did occur in New South Wales. 4. It depends upon the strength of the rope. 'Pato Par' writes:— ''Can you tell me whether our large fit»»«oi«ri institutions, i.e., banks, mortgage societies, &c.;, have found some way to prevent biUs of sale being registered, or are they taking documents as good as bills of sale, so that their transactions should be secret and thus circumvent the in tentions of the Legislature ? X am disposed to ask this question on account of the few bills of sale now registered by our various financial in stitutions compared with the numbers regis tered a few months ago. Can the lawyers - have found a way to drive a carriage and four through this Act?' Upon enquiry we find that Messrs. Lawrance & Brooks' weekly record of registered bills of sale shows no falling off in chattel mortgages, and that the large financial concerns— such as the Queensland Mortgage Company, the New Zealand Loan Company, Luxmoore & Co,, Elder's Wool and Produce Company, and the banks— appear frequently in the lists, clearly showing that these institu tions have not, so far, discovered any means of evading the Bills of Sale Act No, 389 of 1886. 'H, A.DOLUNG,' Port Broughton, thinks that holiday-keeping and pleasure seeking are lamentably on the increase in this colony. Me calk attention to the fact that farmers and laborers may often be seen playing cricket instead of exercising their bodies by repairing their tumble-down sheds, planting and water ing a garden, or making butter and cheese, instead of buying imported articles on credit, and when the time for paying cornsB being unable to do so, thus leading to commercial smashes, Our correspondent also complains of the number of Government holidays, and instancing the eight hours1 demonstration holiday says : — ' I look upon that as class favor. Where would this end if the Farmers' Associa tion, Total Abstinence League, and a host of other bodies asked the Government to proclaim some patriarch's birthday a p_ublic holiday ? It may be very nice for a luxuriant crop of well paid Government officials to have plenty of holidays, but the general taxpayer looks at it in a different light, especially when there is a deficiency in the revenue.' 'Chables Fet Wilkey,' Edithburjrh, writing with reference to a suggestion from a correspondent which appeared in a recent issue, that a presentation should be made to the oldest male born in the colony, claims that honor. He states that he was born on March 8, 1837, at the Old Colonists' Tree, Glenelg, and that proofs can be obtained at Trinity . Church, Adelaide. 'R. RiCHAEDS,' Port Victor.— The head office of the Hearts of Oak Benefit Societyis 17, Charlotte - street, Fitzroy - square, W., London. ' A.B.U., JtUackrock.— 1. The South Aus tralian Cyclists' Association do not intend to hold a race meeting during the jubilee week, 2. Messrs. Wood and James will, in all probability, pass through Adelaide to join one of the ocean liners en route for England, but it is not ikely that they will hold a race meet. 'C,' Eastwood.— The compulsory clauses of the Education Act may be evaded in a few cases, but if you send the name of the child to whom yon refer to the Education Department the school visitor will enquire into the matter. 'A.B.C.,' Chain of Ponds.— In Adelaide football bladders are regarded as useless when they leak, and we know of no means of effec tively repairing them. 'Want to Know.'— If you are paying one of your creditors 10b, a week in accordance with a Local Court order, and have nothing save your weeklyCearnings as a working man, it is not probable that another order will oe made against you until the first debt is settled. But if you are paying off one creditor in accordance with a private agreement the second creditor could obtain a liocal Court order against you, and compel you to settle with him first. ' Subscbiber,' North Adelaide.— Yon- had better consult a veterinary surgeon.! 'X.7.Z.,' after dilating on the incon venience residents in isolated townships suffer through not being able to procure money orders at the local post-offices, says:— 'The Government might arrange for the small post offices to issue money orders or postal notes for sums under £10, payable in this colony o.nly. This would be a great boon to farmers and others. It seems unfair because they happen to live in proximity to a small post office that «.i ? 1 ? u 1 ? j_i.-__ ? a c ? a.1 ? 1 ? :t: ? m ? be obtained from the larger ones.' '? A Tbavelleb, ' who has seen much of America, writes thus of the. colony of Vic toria, where he has been staying for a year : — 'I have been furnished with a free railway pass, and have travelled a good deal over the country. I have seen land, timber, and very many other natural advantages that I have never seen surpassed in any part of the world I have been in before. Australia is destined, ere long, to take a higher seat in the face of deplorablelegislatdon.' 'Purity.' — Attach your name to your letter and we will publish it. 'G.G.' — The average wheat crop hut season was about 5£ bushels to the acre. 'Tenant.'— A iB not compelled to give notice on the same day of the week as that on which he commenced his tenancy, but B can claim a week's rent from that day even if A remain in the house a day longer. 'Cephas,' Tarcowie.^-Oertainly. 'CoEEESPONDENOE,' Emu Flat.— The tank will contain 88| cubic yards. 'W.J.N.,'TeetuIpa.— A cubic foot of gold weighs l,208Jlb. 'W.S.,' Bordertown.— The tank contains 88J cubic yards. 'Pbovisionas.'— 1. No deduction is made by the Education Department from teacher's salaries on account of holidays, 2. The de partment knows nothing of free passes being issued to provisional teachers to enable them to visit town during the holding of the Ex hibition. 44 A Subscriber,' Moonta Mines.— The in formation you ask for will be found in our telegraphic columns. 'Outalpa,'— 1. The Ballarat riots occurred in December, 1854, 2. War was declared against Russia by England and France in March, 1854. 3. Peace was proclaimed in April, 1856. 'H. J. Skull.'— Lawyers wear wigs when practising in the Supreme Court, but not in the Insolvency or Local Courts. 'Ak Electob,' who says he has been greatly worried by agents of candidates for a seat in the Legislative Council for the Central district, suggests the candidates should either ' individually or collectively hold a meeting at the Town Hall and enunciate their views so that waverere may be able to vote for 'prin ciples, not men.' ' 'H.E,,'Yonga!a.— The, fee to be paid to a commissioner of affidavits for witnessing a signature to a document is Is. 6d.; and this amount is chargeable for each signature to each document. 'Undeegeound Savage,' Teetulpa, draws attention to a passage in the work of tha Government Geologist on the mines of South Australia, to the effect that there are three drawbacks to successful mining in the northern districts — namely scarcity of wood, lack of water, and the high rate of wages ; and asserts that the wages of miners are lower in this pro* ' vince than in any of the Australian colonies or New Zealand. Our correspondent thinks we shonld do away with some of the nominal heads of Government departments until we can bettor afford to pay for the luxury of their services, and asserts that thousands could be saved in this way without impairing the effi ciency of the Civil Service. 'D. McLean,' Kapunda.— If Lightfoot never did a better performance than running second in a hack race he was certainly entitled to run afterwards as a maiden. The rule says: — ' A maiden with respect to a flat race means a horse which at the time of starting has never won an advertised plate or sweepstake.' ' Enquirer.'— The best plan would be to lay a statement of the case before a solicitor, 'Subscriber,' Dublin.— A publican who refuses to supply a traveller is liable to a penalty of not more than £20 and not less than £1. ' Penny Postcaed' writes :—' Is it at all probable that the new Ministry will substitute better material for that at present. used for penny postcards ? It is abominable, and almost impossible to obtain a press copy of any memos written thereon. It is very useful for blotting-paper.' 'Dey Cbeek,'— There is nothing of the kind .proposed. '? Sotjxh Australia' writes: — 'I thought^ -the Exhibition was to bring prosperity*) the'£ colony and eknploy labor at a remunerative11 rate. We certainly thought that ordinary wages would be allowed, but I as an applicant for work to one of the exhibitors was told the rate of wages given was Ss. per day, and he could not exceed that, as he bad plenty of men at that money. I think a fair rate of wages Bhould be established by the premier ex hibitors—say New South wales, Victoria, and South Australia — and a scale of prices be fixed, no rate of pay to be accepted under that standard. I feel sure that Messrs. Edwards and Fletcher and our own commissioner will endorse my remarks.' 'Curious.'— It is stated that just before one of his battles Mahomet's soldiers called upon him for angelic aid. Mahomet there upon called an adjacent mountain towards him, but as it did not come he told his people that the miracle was not required, sayingto them, 'Are ye not men and valiant?' The result was that the army advanced towards the mountain, which occupied an important pofiition in the field of operations. On another occasion, according to Sale, the Koreish re quired of Mahomet that he would, by the power of the Koran remove the mountains from about Mecca, that the people might have gardens in their room, but Mahomet replied to the effect that if they were not convinced by the Koran they would not be convinced by the greatest miracle. This explains the passage in the Koran, 'Though a Koran were re vealed by which mountains should be re moved, or the earth cleaved in sunder, or the dead be caused to speak, it would be in vain.' ' One Who Wobid Like to be Present,' Kooringa.— Write to a religious paper. 'Victim.'— B cannot be expected to pay for goods he has not received. 'Mineral.'— The specimen you send is aabestoB. It has a commercial value, but we cannot say whether the variety you send is worth much. 'Knight of the Peel,' Terowie.— 1. The landlord can only claim for the amount due leas the sum received from the sale of your effects. 2\. The IOU would be valid against the wife, but the husband could not be made to dis charsteit. 'Feed. Woodbuby.' — Correspondence at out the Yanyarrie ghost is closed. 'Violet.'— The answer to both four ques tions is yes. 'O.A.M.'— June 20 and 21 will be holidays. The Exhibition is to be opened on the latter date. ''?'?--?: ; 'M. Hayes.' .WiUaBton.— Kerang is in Victoria ; Divett-pjace is off Flinders-street ' Ignobant.'— There la not, so far as we can learn. 'Honoba Caldwell,'' writing with refe rence to a letter which appeared in Monday's issue from six men who went up to Willowie to work at sleeper cutting, states that she intends to have the letter published in the home and Americas papers, 'to let other nations see the conduct of the Government to the poor men who -. are inclined to earn bread for their fami lies in South Australia;' asks why Mr. Farner imported wooden cottages from other colonies, 'the making of which here might have kept a few tradesmen's families from going - to the Destitute for a few weeks and put a loaf on the starving children's' tables;' and wonders whether the next step will be to 'import men to run the people and the country, as there are some of the Parliament men placed in a posi tion that they are not capable of filling.' O a correspondent, who Bays she is the wife of one of the men who had been sent to the Willowie Forest, states that if anything happens to her husband she will bring an action against the Government 'for fraud and deception.' ? 'One Who Wants to Know.'— 1. Yes, unless the wife gets a protection order. 2. It depends on the quality and quantity taken. If good and taken in moderation it is not harmful. 