CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTE I TO#55-' Work commenced a little before 6 ..l morning. Kobe! went a round on itM « w| at a good working pace. Uarmlonoo tan. Fernandez went loig, steady «e ' ual and SUrtrmlae atrode along at ball-pa fiuR Lord Allen, with O'Brien up, Blondln, the Utter running a mile In ur lt!j9.l Chief pottered along gently. u" ' (i jtcksi&l; tarday ; . ho galloped elr furlou/ji »jt| litis Fernell ani Dargln went aert A Lady 'Alhton boonded along of ,h|rfjl on tha tan,! the big »'i ul! Torklni'uUrraU ynlbo and a horse not namtd were "«" M' I \- King of tha West nnd Jim Cain were extended over a round on tho grass, the former going strong and «Vil Newmastor, with Power In the saddle, and Poor Vim tumped off h-om tlia mllo post on the grass for n rIi furloDg spin, the pair going on to the Imlf-rallo Sit when Goaborner brought tho Newmarket candi date home. This completed a fair working gallop. Jvisee put In some half-paco oxcrclio on the " Reticent cantered. Uncas ran o round on the grass. Nectarine, Cnrnivol, Tabby and Julian Gray brushed along for four furlongs. Vanderbllt and Revenge, vrlio aro both on the Improv ing side, were striding along on tho grass. The r.ew arrival, Lord Cochrane, apirtcd; Knergy. Bridegroom and the remainder of Kelly's all went serviceable work. UIMv went a strong round on the grass. Berkeley, Cadland, First Pop nnd Boss wero given useful exercise on tho sand and grass. Joues gave Ltectto a pipe opener over two miles on tho tan. Goodwood strode along for a mile nnd a-h&U.; Mia Mia brushed over four furlongs. Louis II., Dolamla and Violet, who Is look ing nice nnd big, all went suitable work. Grace Darling went long slow work on the crass. Hot Iron, Kitty Klshcr, Llthologlst, Marlborough and others cantered. Davis had Davht, Dargo and Dexter moving along on tho ton for useful work. Carter sent Sydney a strong round on tho grass, Ambassadress spirted. Faro can tered. The Sydney Cup winner has got a suspicious leg. Lndy Ashton, Banker, Sweetmeat, and Xaboekilsh tverc Ml bowling along over two and three miles on the ,na Thursday. Owing to the bountiful morning on Thursday there was a loir ruciiuuhcq ui uum vipu uuu Trainers were rather late in making a atari. Golon, n freah addition to Kelly's string, was cantering on the tan. Vanderbllt was ;glven good scund work over n couple of miles; this horse is in rare buckle. Lord Cochrane strode along on the grass. Ilevenge went suitable work. Bridegroom, who seems a bit sOrc, nnd Energy were striding along overHro furlongs. Marquis of Waterford went long useful work on the tan. A horse, by the Diver, not named, In Connolly's stable, was schooled over the fences, Jumping exceedingly well for a maiden. Lady Ashton bowled Along over three miles on tha tan, the daughter of Tanlc going strong nnd well. Lord Allan, with O'Brien up, and Blondin covered Ave furlongs In fair time. Jim Cain and King of the West were each separately treated to a plpeoncner on the gross. Phenomenon went good useful work on the tan. Jack, Cnrrlngton, Victor, Greculas Usurious. Mormon and others went healthy exercise. The hurdlo racer Roy was allotted two miles on the tan ot a good work ing pace, as also was his stable companion, Nabockllslu Sydney put In some strong work over six furlongs on the grass, while Faro bowled along on the tan. Miss Furncll brushed over four furlongs on the tan. LonH II, Mia Mia, Ddamla nnd Vlotct were all extended over four And five furlongs. Hazard, Bushman and the bay horse in Batty's stablo wore giTen strong work on the grass Newmaster and Poor Jim Jumped off from the mile for a six furlong spin and raced on till the four furlong post was reached, when the latter eased off and allowed Gasburner to finish tho last two furlongs with the Newmarket horse. Tho time occupied by the son of Ncwmlnsier wasjl mln. 17J sec. Chicago and Kohaf strode along at a good utcful pace. Muster John went ulce useful work, with Gorry In the saddle; he looks fjcsli and well. Agnes strode along on the grass; this marc looks and goes well. Daystar, Dexter, David and Deploy were moving ulong on the sand. Marntioa went long stow work on the tan. Louise Bcrta strode along over six furlongs. Berkeley, Cadland, Boss, GUdy auu outers oi >em34o»vi« k41-1 b""" s«uuu ««»» tbo tan and grass. Retort was given strong work over a mile. Flying Fish, who looks light, cantered. Lady LovoU and Rosewood ran a strong six furlongs. Llzette covered two rounds on the tan at a nice striding gallop. Fernandez and Gentility after cantvrlng on the tan wound up with somo half pace exercise. Silver-mine and Bonnie Doon went long slow work on the tnn. Nectarine, Carnival and Tabby were treated to a spin, over five furlongs, when tho latter bolted a couple of miles on his own account. Uncas, with Mick O'Brien | up ran a good round on the grass, being assisted by Tho Forsaken the latter part of the journey. Fusee and Reticent went serviceable work. The Ghost and another of Hold's "cantered ; the remainder of the team were givon good sound work. On Wednesday Masier John performed a good satisfactory gallop in company with Bcckwltli. Campbell leaves to-day (Friday) for VlemhigtoQ. i 