At tfiie 'Velfth. Hour. By It. : Fkakcillon. /Fro ?he Wnh.) C [A TER I. Tin? ground was oh hard ns iron, tho sky l)'uo iib turquoise, tho sunshine yellow us gold, and. ilio nir as still nnd nn silent us only tho hardest of fronts enn be. Nobody, for wooka past, hud diired oven no much nH to drenm of a fox — it was rcynard's holiday. Hrtd things been us thoy ought to be, .Rupert Gruyshnw ?would not, Sato in the ufternoon, liavo boon found upon only two legs- instead or lour. \- Thingii being as they were/ho was muking tho beet, or tlio worst, of them by walking briskly nlong a ?winding luno that led from' tho village I of Combo Bussett to noivliero in particular, at | tho rato of something over four milcH an hour. | Rupert Grayshaw was going on for three * mid thirty years old, full of strength and life, J handsome and something imiro. Few pcojile : noticed how fine a fsico ho really had until they j tamo to know him well, for those who saw him j for tho first,, second, or third time, -\voro struck j . exclusively by all such signs and symbols of i both mental end vital forco as would huvo mnilo ! plainness forgotten. Ho was a man who looked both eager and able to enjoy the wholo of life nil round, with body, brain, and bouI. And assuredly, though tho forces were safe, it was a day on which lifo could bo most amply and actively enjoyed. I need mako no mystery ! about Ilupert Grnyshaw, for there was nono i to bo made, nnd though, no doubt, ho had hia . Eeerets and his private affairs i like other men, ho was known, on tho wholo, rather more openly than most of one's friends. Ho was the oiUy son of tlio younger son of an old Yorkshire family; ho hud taken high mathematical honours at Cumbridgo ; ho was u Fellow of St. Kenneth's ; ho was without near relations ; ho hud no profession, but lived on his Fellowship, and -without sacrificing any pleasures that were open to him, hud, with an enduring enthusiasm, adopted scientific investi gation and discovery for a career. Ho held himself as much above and beyond niarriugu as science is iiIjovo tho brewing of small boor. He had como to Combe Bnssetfc on a visit to his father's old friend, Dick Derwent, for tho sake of tho coverts ; and, so fur us the coverts were, concerned, hud come in vain. And that is his wholo history, an completely told as any man's an be — from tho outside. Tho lane presently led through a thick but now brown and leafless wood. Kupert vaulted over a stilo to the left, and his feet wore soon enjoying tho never-palling delight of trampling and crouching over fallen and frozen leaves. Ho win) glowing with health and exercise, and, it might be, with tome still more peculiar joy. Tho wood was a maze of paths, but ho either know their clue by heart or else gave himself up to chance moro decisively than most men go towards a known goal. ' And to, either by accident or design, ho reached at last a solitary cottage standing in a hikiII garden and nearly hidden among tlio trees. It was a humble place enough — n little, but not much, better than tlio common run of labourers' dwellings in that part of the country — low, rough-cast, nnd straw-thatched, with (?mall latticed windowH and immensely deep eaves. The long strip of garden was given over to vegetables, except a patoh in front of tho porch, whero it wus not hard, though hi midwinter, to conjure up, in fancy, a little wil derness of full scouts and strong colours. Some ttylo was given to tho place, even now, by the creeper with evergreen leaves and scarlet ! benies that covered the xioroh, and the thick ivy (hat darkened the lower windows. As if lie know its inmates and all their ways, Rupert went lo a window at the side of the cottage and tupped thereon tlireo times. Then he leaned against a pear-tree and waited patiently. Or perhaps inrpatiently. For presently the lattice opened and like a live portrait set in a frame of ivy leaves nppcurod a face that seemed to say, ' Ah ! ho has a Secret in his life, after nil — aiid I am She ! ' Yes : when a man comes to look for foxes and fouls frosts, ho must find something where with to fill up his idle 'days — something or tomebody. Of course it is unlucky when it happens to be somebody instead of something — when he lias both publicly undprivutely forsworn marriage, and when, it ho forswear himself, he must give up the means of study and take to bread- winning instead of working for science and glory. Perhaps it is rash for men to take long holidays until they are at least 70 years old. For if ever there was a face made to come between a student and his books, b'etween a sportsman and his sr.ort, 'between a sworn bachelor and his vow, it was the face that Ilupert hnd called from out iho ivy as if his three taps had been fcpclls. It was a very young girl's ; she could not pofsibly have been moro than 17. But her number of years was to be gathered from the indefinable expression of girlhood rather than from- any palpable signs. Sho wus neither child nor woman, but blent in one face the charms of the two. Tho delicate ? glory of perfect health breathed from her ; tlio biting air did her no wrong, hut merely deepened the glow on her check that proved no frost to lie within. She could be called neither dark nor fail', but iiimply hannouious; and so quick wero the changes of light and shade that Rupert seemed to hear her looks ?with tome subtle inner sense as if they wero tho melody of a song. And, whatever else the words of that song might bo, Ihey were at least gentle and pure. Why need I describe her feature by feature, line by lino ? Enough that passing and heedless oycB would havo culled her lovely, while Rupert's as clearly found her a great deal more. She was no cottager's daughter, though sho ?was found in this out-of-the-way, almost hidden cottage. Sho suggested one of thoso lost princesses whom travellers find by chance among woodcutters and charcoal- burners in I the forests of fairyland. All things favoured ! tho fancy — the brown, dark, windless wood ; i tho bluo sky, the silence, and the loneliness ! ovcrywhere. Sho herself had not spoken, except with a t-milo ; and, after a moment of Biicli greeting shut tho window again. But Rupert, having had his answer,' went to tho door, raired tho latch, and entered. And then j ho teemed to turn ovt-r another page of a fairy talo. Ho passed through an ordinary kitchen, with an open chimney and a brick floor, with nothing out of tlio common about it except that it was empty on so hard a day, when labour hnd nothing to do but sit and rest by its own fireside. But tho room into which ho pasted out of it was very different indeed ; in bueh a place it was even startling to find such a room. It might have been a boudoir of any great lndy in tho land, if it had not been so obviously an enchanted maiden's bower. In that country of onco upon a timo, soft carpets, lino hangings, luxurious upholstery, books, and pictures cost nothing moro than a few waves of a wand, or else their presenco- hero would havo seemed eomcUiing moro than ? strango. And hero she, whoso faco wo havo for a moment seen, rnn forward to meet Rupert quickly and joyfully, and lot him take her in his arms. ' ' I havo good news, Bertha !' said ho. ' And you will never guess it. The post, this very morning, brought mo tho nows that I inn rich enough for all thinge — for you, und work, and gladness, and all lifo means to ino: for you and lovo ubovo all ! Yes, my darling, it's true I shall bo able to give you a bettor bower even than tho mysterious enchanter who keeps you hero in hiB power.' ' Oh, Kupert ! What has happened ? What is going io happen ? 'What do you mean r' 'Everything has happened, Bertha! A far-off cousin of my mother's, wlipm I norur niw in my_ lifo, is dead, nnd haB loft mo a for tune — an immense fortune for mo and you, but not too lurgo to bo. a burden — only on condi tion that I will chango my name ? ' ? 'What! — you' nro not to be Rupert, my Rupert, any moro f' i ' ' Oh, I chall keep that numo — that is yours! But I shall give up my I'ollowship with morn pleasure than I hud in getting it; .for I hate tho lcnst thing tlinthns ];opt mo from you ; and . there is nothing loft but a form or two to koop iilo from my wifo.for another hour! Whon will . you come l to mof In two weeks P — In one/P — In — —' ? ???.:. ' 'Rupert! Is'it^ruof'. ' . ., . 'All. true-TOvory;1. word! . When will you ? comof' ? ??! - :? -i .: .. ?? . V :...., :,'_' And may I tell my futhor— — ' ?? ' } ..''Your, father! , Bertlm,my, darling, now; that I. can claim/you,' I think; this. mystery ought to boat nn ond. JuBt think 'what our fitoxy hiia been — iv story that nobody oould'b2- lieve. I come down to Combo Basso tt with a heart as empty as lifo without you. I wander into a wood — I find, by chance, in a common cot tugc, a fairy queen. I win her heart, and her troth plight, and at tho end of weoks I know no moro of her than that her namo is Bertha— Queen Bertha — and that she has no Miinumo, but only a mysterious, nameless father, who. comes to see her liko an enchanter, from far away — flying, I suppose, on a nmgio carpet or a brazen horse, through tho air. Sho is attended by invisible hands— for nono but nor own have I seen. I am sworn to auk no fhing moro than if she loves me. Sho forbids mo to enter her bower without a signal, and unless it is answered. And yot I know sho is . as innocent as tlio lilies and us pure us the mow.' Sooner than lose you, Bertha, I would cpiiKiit to know nothing but that you lire lovely and good, and tine, and that you lovo me ; but. is it in man not to_ wish to know more? And is it not timo P 'As if 1 would not tell you every thought I have in me ! Hut, oh Rupert, how can I tell you n name I never heard 'i As you sny, I must have another namo than Bertha, I supposo it is tine. As you my, my father must have wme dwelling place of his own, I supposo that is true too. And ? ' 'And you rcnlly do not know who you are?' ' Surely — that I am Bertha, nnd yours. . . ._ . . But if it is time ? ' ' It is time.' ' Then — my father comes to-morrow at fi o'clock in the afternoon. Ihuve toldyonwhyyon must not come to mo without a signal ; because he doco not wish to bo peon, and because I do not always know when ho is coming. But I do happen to know to-day when his next visit will be1 — for he never fails to Gee mo on tlio first dny of the new year ? ' 'Yes, to-morrow is Now Year's Day. ?Well?' ' Cemc, Rupert, and como openly, and tell him ? ' ' And if he rays No ?' ' Why should ho fay No? And— if ho (loop — do I not love you? Ho cannot forbid that. Rupert ? ' 'My darling! I will come, enchanter though ho be.' Rupert left the cottage jutt in timo to reach tho hull (iih his host's placo was popularly called) before dinner. He met nobody on tho way but an old woman in a bluo cloak, of whom he took no special heed — for what wero all outward things to a man wlio loved and was lovcel, and before whom the futnro was opening out in rainbow, oolours ? Even tho mystery of - hi love i-lory gave it an additional charm to him, whoso imagination, chronically kept in the groove* of hard study, needed now nnd then to take a flight into the free nnd open ail'. There were not many guests at tho hall. Dick Dei went was u bachelor of five-nnd-fo'rty, who did not care to fill his house for tho sako of having it full. The few who wero there wero men who were waiting for tho frost to break, and with whom Rupert — engaged as he was with his own affairs — hud but little sympathy. Ho liked Dick, who was the best of good fellows, nnd had shown him much kindness ; but ho cared little for Dick's friends. And even to Dick, good fellow as he was, ho ha~d never breathed a word of his love-story. There were many reasons for silence, of which each was all-sufficient for him. In the first place — until to-day — marriage had, from his point of view, been simply impossible. Ho had been merely drifting, and had hardly cared to open his own eyes as to tliecoursehehadbeen taking. In tlio Fccoud place, to profane tho mystery of his romance by speech woidd bo sure to reduce it from poetry' to proa1. .Again, how could ho bear to tell such a story to open-hearted and free-fougued Dick, who had never kept a secret in his life, and would bo sure to make Bertha 'and Rupert's lovo for her a matter of rough chaff, even if they did not some day, for want of better spoit, ride out and draw 'tho cottjigo with 'Yoieks' and 'Tallyhor' And who was Bertha's father, nnd what secret might ho not have that ought not, in honour, to be be trayed ? Had Bertha's existence been known of at the Hull, ho would himself have been tho first to hear. Dinner and billiards had lasted tho evening through, when the stroke of a church bell Founded full and close through tho thin air. Dick Derwcut roso uud filled his tumbler to the brim. 'Let all who love me, follow !' cried ho, in his bluff, ringing voice. 'At tho first stroko of 12, I throw oiien tho front door with my own bauds, to let tho old year out and tho now j-onr in !' Dick Derwent wnB a fine, stout, hearty ce.untiy gciiUciium, with all manner of jovial ways. Ho was the very pink of generosity and honour. He had been Rupert's father's ht (inchest friend, and had, at old Mr. Gray thaw's death, transferred his affection from tho father to the son. Indeed, it was moro than cenimou affection Unit he showed towards Rupeit on evciy possible occasion. Though so much tho older, ho had a strong belief in the piv.dfiice nnd worldly wisdom of tho younger liian, which cannot bo supposed to have been altogether ill founded — at anyrutc, Dick Dei went was not tho man to have let a hun dred fellowships stand in tho way of marringo had he been that way inclined. ' lint, then, it is tine, ho was not a man of science, but only a jolly middle-aged gentleman who kept up okl customs and followed the hounds well. Tho half dozen young nnd middle-aged men, without a woman or a child among them, gavo way to their host's whim, though not without tmilcs and thrugs of Uie shoulder at taking jurt in filch a piece of obsoleto folly. 'What docs it all mean?' asked West — a young man who was wiser in his own eyes even than Rupert Grayshaw was in Dick Derwent's. ' Why should wo trouble ourselves to lot out a good time — thanks to you, Dick — and lot in what nobody knows, muy bo death, may bo mniriage?' ' Marriage, eh f' said Dick, turning upon him t-uddciily. ' Perhaps I know more about that than you. But that's neither hero nor there — marriage won't como inside this door for many a long day. That isn't what it means. It means that tho mnster of this house has, with his own hands, let in 200 Now Years, and Hint I'm not going to bo tho first inhospitable fellow that lias been siirnamed Dorwontnnd christened Richard. Now then — Welcome, whatever you are !' . he said, loudly, as he threw open tho front door and lot tho first cold blui-t of the new year rush into the hull. 'God hpecd'the old, and God bless tho new.' ' I know it's a common custom,' said Rupert, 'for tho master of tlio house to open his door at tho first stroke of Uie last midnight i of the year. But I could never find out what | it mennB, and yot every superstition must havo a meaning somewhere. I wonder what pcoplo think would happen if tho new year camo to the hout-e nnd found tho door closed ?' ' Hapr on ?' tuid West. ' ' Why, that f owor rc-oplo would begin flic year with a sneeze. What cite do you suppose r' 'Idaro say,' taid Dick — ' I duresay they lutw once upon a time. Well, jt's dono now, nj;d after all it would never have done to havo tho fiott bieak up everywhere else, and not i c ii ii d tho hull.' But the fiist day of tho ' New Year did not bring u thaw, either round the Hull or else where. To-day wub yesterday's twin brother. Nor was Rupert sorrv for it, for, had it thawed, he would havo found it exceedingly difficult to invent an excueo for stnying nt homo while tho other men wero all a-held. Of course, whilo the piound was hnrd it was natural enough for a philotophcr to tako solitary walks in com pany with problems. But . problems when tho tcent lay — even r broken log would hardly teivo as nn exoueo for him then, after thrco long weeks of iron. Hnppily, tho weather allowed him;' with no moro difficulty then utual, to bo ut the cottage by five in Uio nfleinoon. If ho had believed in omens, ho would have felt that his luok nt least had not changed with the chnngp of the year. ;Ho wub neither ehy nor timid by nature, and wn'scnger rather than anxious for his first intci view with ? the mysterious personagd who kept his .daughter so strangoly confined in fuch an unneeountnblo prison. Boyond all question, Bertha was nearly' as ignorant as ho of her own history' Sho scarcely know of any other lifoj excopt after tho vaguo and un trustworthy innhnor of dreams. Sho was fairly well educated, for Bho.had.bbon thrown upon her ,, own; mental rosourebs, all hor lifo, ond had been put by this, samo unguossablo fnf her, into tho .. right; rond for using tlicm. Oddly enough, she was most familiar with tho ?very books nnd b'rnnoheB of knowledgo that Rupert liinisclf would lmyo chosen for, her hud hCi' 'Cuuculicn. betii 'given' into Uiu hands.' She had lived in Una way — eo ho learned from her— all her life, seeing nono but her futher und un elderly nurse who attended to her admirably, but told- her nothing. Sho-was under u strict discipline which sho had never thought of breaking through, never going 'out for oxorciso except in tho early morning in tho woods, or being allowed to have a friend. Short of making inquiries, Rupert had invented a thousand theories to riccount for tho mystery, but hud rejected them all. But about ono thing there was no. mystery at all. No wonder that a young girl; with tuch infinito capacity for tho lifo that had been withheld from her for '17 years, had matched at life, lovo, and liberty as soon as they had found her out in her solitude. Sho was the sleeping princess who woke whon tho prince had forced his way to her through the thoinn. But now, at lmst, tho whole secret was to bo diiclos cd. Of tho result Rupert had absolutely no friii%. Ho was rich enough to satisfy any earthly father, and in lovo enough to satisfy any father, man or demon, who loved his child. Hill high (?piritw of yesterday wero nothing compared with to-day's. Ho hardly felt the ground us lie walked, but seemed to tread on nir. Ho Touched tho cottage well before five. But ? Tho door stood wide open, nnd tho front garden was littered with bits of broken wood, ends of cord, nnd straw. Tho kitchen wns without a fire. With a strange fooling of fear in his heart, he went at once into Bertha's bower. It had turned into nothing but a thiunkcn tqunre cupboard, with four bare walls and an empty floor. Tho lattice was open, and tho air seemed deadly cold. Had it all been but. a fairy dream ? But it was no dream that ho loved her with his wholo heart — and she was gone. ClIAITElt II. One : Two : Thrco : Ten : Eleven : Twelve ! Ho whom bettered fortunes and a testator's fancy had transmuted from Rupert Grayshaw into Rirpert Hildreth did not rise from his chair, or throw open so much as mi inch of window at the sound. Ho laid down his pen — but that was all. Tlio twelve strokes came to his ears muffled through double windows i:nd close doors. ' I inn not ouch a fool us that,' thought ho. ' The old year's a great deal too good to lose, and I don't want a better. I've done for six years past with wanting moro than I have, since— fince— No : I've done with dreams. l'erhax'K they might come buck if I opened the dcor to n change. Let those open their dooiy who are sick, or sorry, or sinfid, or poor : not I, who am rich, and contint, and Round in heart and limb nnd brain. . . . and who knows what happened once, when I let out tho one bwect dream of my whole lifo, nnd when thnt butter waking camo in through the open dcor ! Never again. I might let in sickness, or discontent, or worse— -who knows ? I'll bo as I nm, with one long, faithful old year nil to myself, that I've tried nud proved. Yes, it has answered. Fevers have come with the new years, and hnvo emptied other houses, but they have passed by my doors, that had kept out the evils of the unknown like those of a wise man. Forf uucs have broken ; but mine stand. Others, in the new years, havo married and died ; I, with the old year under uiy roof, am ns alive and free as I was six years ago. I have seen others grow grey and wrinkled : I am near middle ago — and young. Life palls on oUiers, uulcfs they renew it in then- children : I have only mytclf and my books — but they are as fresh as of old ? Why, if there be a grain of truth in old wives' tale'F, to Vur tho new year out and to bolt tho old yrur in means to stand still at. one's best all ime's days, fo be for always as one is, and to fear no chance or change that comes to tho rest cs tho world. ... So knock on, Nuw Year, ashnrdanduslongnsyouliku — you'll find one dcor boltetl and barred against' you and yours.' Ho took up his pen again, and worked on. It was true that, over since that midnight of six years ago, he had practised the now supor ttitiou of keeping his front door close shut, so that no now year might find a chink whereby to creep in. For on that night of long ago he had laid down with joy and hope which tho new year hnd with Us first touch, taken away. I'eihapt — to he felt in fancy — if he had kept iho new year out, Bertha and tho old year would have staid with him ; nor woa tlio fancy quite to unreasonable in a man of science as it may ecem, for what hud Bertha herself over been to him but n fancy and a dream ? And it wus true that, while the new year had brought troubles enough on others, they hud left Rupeit Hildreth, the tcholur nnd chemist, undisturbed in his lifo and labour. With him the same old year seemed for ever to abide, until it hnd earned by custom and undisputed right and title to a place by his hearthstone He and his lifo never knew a change, from year to year, fiom day to day. Ho lived for quiet . ttudy's pake, in tho outskirts of the town of Rainham. Ono yearn plague of cholera swept through tho place, and broke up heniEel'.oldk — that woidd havo been safe had they never let the old year go. But ho never doubled himself about tho matter, and just lived and worked on. Somo thought he kept himself too much aloof in a time of trouble ; and no doubt that same cud new year, while it brought deaUi to bodies, brought good to soids. But what hud he to do with tho things of new years that have never come to him ? Another new year hud brought uniting its gifts a great finnnciul crash that hud been felt in most homes, but had not given Rupert Hildreth, though a, rich man, n. moment'B doubt or fear. He had never loved a dowfuoe, or made a new cnimy. From January to December every year had been ono and the same. Thcro were some who thought him hard, cold, and selfish. Others — women mostly — could not help believing that, curly in lifo,'his hem t had been broken by some great sorrow with which a woman had hnd to do, nnd that this made his days so changeless und his life so lonily and eelf-contained. Ho would havo denied such a theory, had it ever come to his cais, with scorn. His treatment of new years and its effcots might bo but a superstitious fancy : but he lived as if ho thought it bused on truUi and reason. Never, sinco that New Year's Eve, had ho seen, or even, despite of all his tciirching, heard of Bertha aguin or of any body who had ever heard of her. And now ho hud thut out tho threuts of another new year. Ho worked Into, and roso lato, without taking note thut n new year hnd begun for ull Uio rest of tho world. Why should ho, indeed, whon it was still the old year, of j-eurs ago, for him. It was certaiidy nothing particularly now, though a little unusual, that ho should receivo a visit from a stranger in tlio course of tho nff ciuoon. The card by which tho visitor in tjtdnced himself was that of Mr. J. Dimoud. 'Mr. Hildroth f' asked Mr. Dimoud, a stiff, middle-aged man, with a professional look ulout him. ' Then, in tho first place, I havo to with you a happy new year.' 'Ah — what? I beg 'your pardon,' said Eupeit, absently. ' You aro on business, I tv.profc?' ' It is edd you should expect that — very odd indeed, considering the day. It is a raro'holi duy that has brought mo to Rainhnm, whero I ? linj -r.cn to have friends. But it is business, all tlio n.me ; and I havo '.taken tho opportunity of doing it without wasting 'a day. Timo has u way of flying, you eco'- ? . ' Or of standing still.' ' Not with mo, Mr. Hildreth, not with mo. YeaiE — landmarks — and eo on. I believe you were, acquainted with Mr. Richard Derwent, if Ccmbo Bnseett. I huvo been his legal idvitcr for tome years. Perhaps you aro not flwnro' ? 'I know- Dorwent well ; but I have scon nothing of him for somo years — somo time, I thould tay. I hope ho is well i' 'Ho is dead, Mr. Hildreth. Ho died last November in town. , ? And his litUo girl' ' ? 'Dick Derwent dead! Well. . . But n little girl?. 'Well, ho was just tho man to got married before ho died f' . . ? . ' 8ho hns no mother. She died, yon know, when tho cliildwaa Horn. ? Well, Mr. Hildreth, to miike a long story short, Mr. Dorwonthad two ideas— perhaps moro, but , cortainly two. One was pn. -unbounded trust nnd coniidenoo in your prudeneo.ond honour, as hia will testifies. The .other was an overwhelming ; droad lost his litflo girl ehould grow .up. a prey to fortune hunters, or bo contaminated by: tho companion ship of .other girh). ? Ho boliovod that ovory girl ought togrowupalono, -with no knowledge of, or communication with, ?tko -world. He had hnd experiences of tho otlior sort of thing, yoa tec, -when Lo was a youiig man. So, llr. HUdrcth, knowing your prudence, your honour, your friendship for him, and your hennit-liko medo of living, ho leaves you a legacy of £10,000 on condition. Unit you will, as joint guardian with myself,' undertake, tho solo and entire charge and education of tho child (sho living hero with you) until fiho attains tho ago of 24, nt which ago Mr. Derweut believed that a girl, properly brought up, according to his vicwe, ought to bo ublo to run alone. She is now in tho charge of nn aunt, Mrs. Joy. You accept the charge of course ' ? 'What, I? No. No, Mr. Dimond. With out hesitation, and most decidedly, No. New years 1 ring, and shall bring, no now things to me, What should I, a student who live alouo with my book.*, do with a girl — a child' ? ' ' The o: phan of your friend ? ' ' Whom I do not need, and who does not i:crd me. No. I closed my door last night, end I closo it still. I will have nothing new in my lifo' ? ' Not — ten thousand pounds' ? 'No. No, onco for all.' He bowed Mr. Diniond out, nnd went back to his work, with out (riv'ng i.nother thought of tho New- Year's cuniiing hut vain attempt to creep within his do( is in tl.c share of a child. It w«b all vfiy well for the lawyer of SO to tp' ak of n grown girl of 23 as if sho never ?ncic no more than a child in arms. Equally r.'iueiiiilli; was it for Rupert to argue that, since Dick Dciwe-nt was unmarried somo six yeuis ago, his orphan daughter could hardly be 5 yeais old. But there is nobody so good at kt /cpiiip' a secret, when he lilccn, as your bluff, frank, hearty, talkative, open-mannered man. Mr. Diniond knew, nnd thought his client's intimate friends knew also, that tho Squire nt Combo Bussott hud married onea uj'on a time and had been left a father and widower within a year : nor only so, but that, Mirioundcd as he was by society of which ho was unwilling to deprive himself us ho was anxious flint his daughter should not share it, he had taken extraordinary precautions against tho discovery of her existence till she was fully grown. His friends were mostly good fellows with no money to spend, who would swoop down en an heiress after the genial manner of their kind. One bright, cold -morning, when, in mid winter, her own heart was overflowing with (?pring and joy, the old uurso who served and [iunvd'id her was suddenly dismissed; she was curried, by load and rail, many miles away from her old homo, nnd presently her father riiine nnd took her fo travel with him abroad. She could not fpeak to him of the dream which ho hnd doubtlessly discovered, and had thus answered. It is to bo hoped ho was satisfied. She was docile nnd gentle, and her father was always kind — kind now,. even in keeping her to himself; for sho had eeen all tlio human beings sho needed to sco in seeing ono whom the taw no moro. He need not have feared tho adventurers and fortune-hunters whom ho now, as if ruled by a craze, ppent his whole tonic in avoiding, H.c need not own have mud.? that will when ho died, so that his hand, though dead, might still guard her from love lestnets in marriage and all lesser harm. Mr. Dimorid muft havo been terribly right when tuggei-tiiig what tho tquire's own experiences of the world must have been before ho settled di/nn at Combe Bassett with tlio soul of u girl on his huiuls. She mourned honeeUy when ho died. Ter hups not tho less because he had made her life to dull and empty. But presently sho had to mourn for her living self even more. She was an licii'csf — riio had learned to hato tho very sound of the woid. And she was left in charge of another guardian : a hard, stern man, named Hildreth, eo sho heard; a recluse, who hadl.een chosen by her father for tho ollice beraute of his being the only man in tho world who could bo trusted lo curry out, cim siMmtly and thoroughly, her fa tiler's views. Hiiheito, her life had been slavery, but lovo therewith. Henceforth it must be doulilo shiveiy, and therewith what must needs become hate, ut least on her side. And yi't it wns with a strange feeling, very fur indeed from pleasure or relief, that sho heard from Mr. Diniond of Mr. Hildreili's decisive, almost scornful and angry, refusal of the charge thathad been left to him. Sho had FGinchow expected that he would have received her for money's Fake, and then, for dutv's,liave made her lifo hardly to be home. But here ' was clearly a man who would neither do a kindncre nor accept a duty, if they were incon venient to him, oven for £10,(100. If there were to be refusals nud rebellions, they ought f o have como from her. 'It trans to me you havo had a lucky escape, Miss Derwent,' said the lawyer, when his holiday was over and he came in person to bring her news. 'There is something about Hint fellow Hildreth that I neither like nor understand ; he's not like other people at all. He refund a legacy of £10.000. That is being far too imprudent to have tho charge of a young girl.' 'At miy rate, ht is no fortune-hunter.' taiil the. 'Perhaps my father knew that, and that was why ? . And what am I to do now ?' ' That's jufct the point, you seo. Tlio terms of tho will are perfectly clear. In (lie event of Mr. Ilildreth's refusal to undertuko the charge of you — why, then, as you say, ho will have proved himself very much of a fool. But, us he will alto have proved that ho doesn't care about money, I am — I am sorry to say — in- ttnietcd to make him the offer of your hand.' 'Of my hand? Of mo?' ' Even eo. And it must be done. For, if I do not, I ehnll lose my own legacy ; and it is too much to lose. If ho refuses thnt — But ho nrn't be Mich n fool as to refuse tho heiress of Ctnibo Bnsfiett, you may bo sure. Your honoured father did know men.' 'But thero is something else to be said, it Fccmsfome! How if I rof uso ? ' 'Then ho is fo have Combo Bassott without you. You aro to have enough to live, in com fort whilo you remain single ; but under no circumstances will you have anything moro if you ninny anybody but liim. It is a cruel will, Miss Derweut ; but it is a clever ono for its purpose, I must say. Whatever happens, the man who marries you must marry you for love nnd not for fortune, you see ; and ' ? She hoiird no more. No wonder, thought eho, that her futher had done his utmost, alive and dead, to keep her from a world where men, as a mntter of course, assumed only the meanest and most sordid motives in ouo another — judging, no doubt, from their own expel itneo of their own. She marry ! Why, if her heart und eoul had not been lnurricd mid widowed long ugo, slio would return with joy to hor old prison in tho wood rather than pivo horBelf to any man as an unecmfortiiblo condition attaching to hor hinds nud her gold. Let him who had refused to be paid for tho care of her ask her for herself with lier lauds n hundred times — slio would refuse him n hundred nnd ono. Lot him tako Combo Bnesott nnd welcome, so long ns ho left hor free. And then tho pittunco that was to bo hers in ciieo tho refused — oven that, according to what tho hud been taught of tho world, would bo all too much ; oven that might bo enough to nttruct tome man who was poorer still. AVus sho to bo u fluve to tho world's meanness all her davs? Her heart went back to him who hud loved her wholly for herself, if thoro was any truth in nil those magical signs, of lovo that cannot lie. What hud becomo of him? Whoro was ho now ? Had ho forgotten her in all those years? Hud ho told himself to somo oUier woman, for gold P Liko enough, being tt man ; and men being what tho had been taught thoy were. But, had they mover been parted, ho would havo loved her well enough, sho knew. Sinco Love hud been lost, bettor now, ovon than Love, was Libtrtv, for Oiat had becomo her all. . Passionately bho felt, ' Ho shall have everything but mo ; I will not keep for myself ono smallest coin that may make my ' No ' less full uud whole.' After all, thoro was under (ho fkics another- world, where men mado no wills, hunted no heiresses, laid no plots or counter- plots, never talked of lovo when thoy meant money, and, abovo all,' woro free. It is tho world whore wo livo without Lovo', without Gold, and Alone. It was .tlio world whoroiu fho hortelf had lived for her first 1G years, whoro men were not, and where, sho had boon tended ns nro the lilies of tlio field. It was whoro sho hnd had the dream of hor lifo, and whoro sho might — phe funoicd-in her hearts-go back and livoale.no with her' dream and bo free. Novor, sinco slio had loft her hermitage., had sho been happy for an hour'.' Sho had boon, »s it woro, awild flower transplanted into a garden, whore it! enn only feel itself a weed, and drond tho . tecnts and hues nrduud that others find boauti- j ful. Sho had onco longer for tho world, as the , wild flowers may for tho gardens wliilo Uioy. are uiu-i»ov. u and for away ; an. J now— ... Well, if she could not find her field again, any pluco would bo better than tho garden of tho world, even tho wayside. Sho could not think or feel as thoso can who have grown up in the garden all thoir days. So little, or so much, had she- learned that, when she heard such an everyday thing msrely luuiii d and t.pokeu as tlio safe, by a woman, of her hand and heart for the sake of keeping her land, fllio wns struck with unspeakable horror, us if the had turned over the noil of a bed of roses and laid open tho entrance of a eharn»1, black and foul. We, with our sensiblo bringing up, our well-regulated minds, and still better regulated hearts, mny think her view of such everyday trifles a little overstrained. But then we havo seen such things with our eyes ; sho had never t:o much as heard of ono of thorn till now. Such a world was not to be lived in ; thcro wus nothing to bo dono but spread one's wings, nnd fly from it with all speed. CltArTEK III. It wns tho 12lh of .luuimry, and Rupert Hildreth' hud not yet heard another word worth mentioning concerning his friend's orphan and her affairs. It is true he had received a letter from Mr. Dimoud containing some rubbish or other about something that was to happen if he married the child when she became of ago ; but as that could not happen for nearly 20 years, nnd as it could not possibly concert! him in any way, he had naturally thrown the letter, half read, into his waste-basket, und being deep in nn all-absorbing investigation, had for gotten to send a word of answer. Ho worked on, without giving a real thought to such im pertinent nonsense ; and if another girl's form would comctimcB como between him nnd his labour, or between his paper and his pen, lie had become used to that ghost, und would oven have miN-cd it if it ever ceased wholly to come. So far, therefore, ho had made himself secure for another course of an old year which had so consistently proved good fo him, bringing him no evil, and, on tho other hand, increasing Etitibfnution with himself and inditt'erenco to all tho rest of mankind. Every day he had risen at tho tamp hour and worked on till his brain was heartily tired, livery night ho insured hinuelf a long sleep, too dec^i for dreams. The man, dny by day, was turning into a machine ; and to ho willed. On this night of the 12th he was working, as j usual, and was even more than usually ah- ' t orbed. It wns a lonely old house in which he lived, near the town, but yot with no close neighbours. Those dark winter nights wero us long and.iioiwlecs as the heart of student could desire, even though, now nud then, he might near the rush and scream of tho night mail that passed Uainham without slopping, uud every hour the chiming of tho church tower. It was more to keep out these than tho rush of tho train that Rupert Hildreth had double windows fo all his rooms, and kept them closo even in ninnner time. Ono of his principal eccentricities was a morbid antipathy to the found, of church clocks, espeeiallv wnen thev Kiruek 12. . ' Ho made his FCrvnnts go to bed punctually at 10, for he liked, during his night work, to feel absolutely alone. And never, since ho hod tottlcd at Rainhnm, hnd ho been disturbed after that hour. At first, therefore, ho could hardly believe his own ears when, Into in the evening, and long niter his servants wore out of tho way, ho heard a bell ring through the houie — no tound of a church clock, but within the house itself, as if such an impos sible filing were happening ns that somebody wns piilling-the bell of his own front door-. It could only bo fancy— such things often happen fo minds to absorbed in thought that outward things often become confused nnd ol; cured, and' when the senses, cut off from real sights and founds, are compelled to find their own fond. Ho hnd almost forgotten the matter, when the bell rang once more. I must ho real, then thought Rupert, angrily. If it happened again it would wake tho teivants, tluow the house into a tumiUt, nnd rob him of a wholo night's work— and thnt nintt never be. If only to say No to Fcinebcdy, he must go down himself aiid stop the ringing1, otherwise nothing' would havo moved him from his desk had all Rainhnui been en lire. Ho opened the door just in time to save him tc-lf from another ring. By the bright light of iho uiocn, then nt her full, ho saw a young girl well wrapped in a cloak with her hand upon the bell. 'What does this menu?' asked Ruport. sternly. 'Who are your' What do you want here ?' ' ' I — I'm afraid,' said tho jrirl, looking round her doubtfully, 'I'm afraid I've lost my way — I fiiw a lfcht here, and no other house near — I eiime by tlio train — is it very farr' 'No. It is straight along the road,' said Rupert, rather roughly. ' it was something moro than annoying to be disturbed in full work, and to bciuugup at such an hour for Mich a f rifle as a lost way. ' But i:« it very f ur :' ' There wero limits to oven hi., cultivated likeness to a machine. There seemed some thing hiranfc'o about Uio girl, ho thought, as she cpoko thus doubtfully and wearily. She did not look liko ouo to be rambling about alone at midnight ; and thought nothing concerning a stranger could possibly mean anything to him, ho had not as yet wholly ceased to be a man. 'I Fuppott.',' ho said, '' you have friends nt Rainham and aro on your way to them ? It is not very far, but I am afraid it is both very far and very late — for you.' ' ' No ; I have no friends. I suppose there is an inn ?' 'You havo business, then? Nobody ever pomes to Ruiulium without business or friends.' Ho thought again, for it begun to seem to him Unit there was Fomothing about, her not wholly strange. 'Yes,' he said, 'of course there is an inn ; but ? ' 'I huvo to see » Mr. Hildroth to-morrow, who livoB here. 7Wt is all.' ' You have to boo Mr. Hildreth f And what possible reason ? You have to goe me P' ? ' You nro Mr. Hildretli ?' ' That is my name. And yours f' All hid sternness had returned. Had his well- trained Old Year gone crazed ? ' You will know who I am,' said she, sitdly, nud proudly, 'when I toll yon why I am here. It i» to tell you with my own lipi, before I leave such a world na this, whoro mon buy love, and let hearts starve, Uiat Combe Bassett is yours, evory blndo of gross, erery stick and stone, without your having to bo put to the shamo of npking for tho hand of one whom you refuted oven to look at when sh» could bo nothing moro to yon than tho orphan of your friend. Thut is nil.' ' ' Ho looked, almost in amaze, certainly bewildered, from her into tho dark entrance thiough which tho night wind hud followed her, as little welcome ns she. 'Pardon mo,' snidhe, 'but this is n matter with which I have nothing absolutely to do. Do you mean to toll me, whoever you aro, that yon are in league with thoso who seek to bring into my Iioueo and life tho child whom I am bidden inukc my wife in nvy old ago i' 'What child?' 'What cIfo? Aro you playing mo some trick ?'— Ho turned aside to light Uiolnmp; partly to think, partly to 6ee. ' I remember — only eleven days ngo somo lawyer fellow wunted mo to let in tho now year in tho shape of a child. I refused him ut Uio right timo : it is too lute now ! Whnt havo I to do with Dick Dei wc-ul's child ? Thoro is an curly train fo-moirow ; fuko it, and go back again. And tell those who sent you hero, that if wealth, and power, and glory, and wisdom, nud lovo, cr.mo knocking altogether at my door, I would toy, ns I sny to you — I want none of you — Go !' 'I tell yon thnt I, Bertha Derwont, rc fuFf— — ' The lamp wns lighted. Ono ! struck Ruiu hi m clock. And uover sinco Rupert hnd lived there hnd ho heard so loud a Btroko. For it mado no muffled thud through double windows, but a full, heavy boom through the open door, which Rupert had thrown opon nt tho second ring and hnd neglected to close— on old Now ? Year's Evo ! '? ' Tho lamplight was on both thoir facos ; in the ears of both boomed tho bell. No chimes heralded the birth of this New Year of thoire, | though that 12th day of January is nssuroly j New Year's Evo for thoso who will as Twolfth Davis Old Christmas Day.' For those who will ? well, maybo any day nV the year will do ns well. Only, it did bo happen that; when Ruport left the door ajar for a young girl to enter, ho had forgotten that, where ? ovu is to ho lot out, and good let' in, Time, is good .enough t* give us atlenstTwo Now- Yosr'i- Dujb— un Old tibWfcU ttsa Now; oi-iuUiem 1 Ntiw as ?well as an Old. 'VRupert!' . 'BcrUuii' ' And I refused you f' 'And I barred out you whon I barredout tho Now Year — but how could I tell ? An! what elto have I bailed out? Harm, yes — but what elti!? Htnvtn knows. Ono blessing — how mnnymore?' ' Do you bar mo out still ?' Hi; liioked at her-^then far away, us if round the wotld. ' Neither you, nor whatever Time muy bring,' taid ho. ' This io Now Year's Eve for nic. Good and 111 — 111 and Good, lot all come ; they, all eonio from the saino place by Iho taino road. Let them all como together, so they come, at Inst, with you, . ... Sod will bless the new, and God speed tho old !' Ruinham clock took n long time to strike ; all fliis, nnd more hud been told, when it boomod — Twelve ! ? 