CRICKET. How tho Crlokot World Wngs. (OT Woqob). "llcro la neither cheer, air. nor woloomoi we would fata have cllhor"-lComody of Errors), It Is now, say, four months alnco tho mem bers of I.illywhito'e English toam, under tho caplainoy of Mr. Charlos Aubroy Smith, opened their first engagement in Melbourne, admit that tho utter disrosiicot and insulting attitude of tbo Melbourne officials Is still tho topio of conversation amongst both Vornon's team nud LUiywbito's Kloron. A paragraph aupearcd in onr issue a fow days ago which snows how mueh tho English mon took "Majah" Wartlill's slights to heart. Fil ling, who, of all mon, Is tho <iuidtc.it under tbo inn, and Arthur Shrowsbury who, al though a professional player, Is ono of caturo's gontlomon, are, from all accounts, responsible for the neater part of the infor mation pot forward by tbo English paper. Tho facta of tbo case woro busbod up by tbo nhcla ot tho Australian pross, with tho ex ception of ibis journal, In whloh I pub lished tho wbolo causo of troublo and tbo slianieinl treatment accorded to Lilly whito's team In Melbourne. A brief rrsunu' off the facts will bo Interesting oven 10 Into as tho prcaont. I think it was Messrs, Docker and Lobmann who first mooted tho sorrow to your huniblo aarvant, and I can rocall their depressed state only too woli. It was on tbe bafuony of ibo Prlnocss' Theatre, and daring an intermission, that I ' was told that although tbe M.O.C. and tho Victorian Criakotore' Assodiation know that tho EnglUhmon would arrive at a stated Lour, not ono frlond awaited to groat their (nomiril) guests. They tlioroforo landed in Mclhouruo almost friuauless, and, as if to add insult to injury, some onergotio scribe con cocted a nicely-worded ro(iort which sot forth bow tho Victorians bad rccolvod tholr visitors at tho railway uud aotuuliy gavo tho nanus of somo goutlomon, who nuturally ro- pudiatcd tho wholo business. Tho timo draw on for Iho mntch. nnd tiion tho M.O.C. folks showed up in their tmo coloiiVs, Alajur Wardlll, bo it roiiieiuborod, is tho p.dd sccroUry to tho M.O.C. ground, and under those erudition ho should bavo itiado it bis duty to bcrom-j ao'iuaintcd will) tbo Knghsb captain. Ono would think that good aonso and brooding would have ovcrcomo business competition, and tliatwben tbo Engliab captain visited tho Rl.C.C. the least nnd moat gracious oat that that august incorporation could ostond to tteir visitors would bo to givo thorn tomo tort of a welcome. Now I bavo it oo tbo best authority that Major Wurdill novor oponed bis Hps to Air. Buiith, tho Eu<;IUh captain, nutil Mr. Charles Bcal went down with tho N.S.W. Hiovou, and at tho rc<|uc of Mr. Smith tho Major wn unearthed, nud coin- pclled to upcnk to his guc&t.; It transpired soon after all this, that tho majority of tho offico bearers of thoV.C.A. (proiidunt and vice-prvrldonta) wcro kept Ignorant of tbo whole business, but from tho timo that Air. Bial set things somowhat sqaxro, tbeso genUomon made amplo amands. It will still bo frcah lu tlio minds of most of my readers that tho team 'which tho M.C.C. organised to meet I.illywbito's oleven contaJnod nine playera whose names uovcr disgraced an intercolonial eleven, or may bo a atop lowor. who novor played in a first olovon senior match, Is that iho sort of trcatmont wo of New South Wolos accorded to tho M.C.C. toum when tlioy camo amongit usi- Why, I must say this— that tho New South Wales Cricket Association made l»oth teams «|nito oa wctcomo, and, boltnaidto tho bonour-of onr players, wo put as strong a team against Vernon's usovor orossed U10 ulovcr for Now youth Wales, last reason. It may seem strange, but I havo heard tho mombors of Vernon's team (which, by tlio way, I should explain was tbo pot ven ture of tho Al.C.C.) stating tliat tbo welcome accorded to them la Sydney bad completely belied tboir expectations, groundod, no doubt, npon tbo assertions of tuo kind M.C.C., uml to a man tbo mombors of Vornon's team denoanco tho treatment motod out to LUiywbito's cloven by tlio willow wiold- (ng fraternity ot mystcriouq Melbourse, As Eojournors in ft strnngo land tbo English, men undor Mr. Smith did not give much publicity to their woes, bnt tboy havo taken them homo and " browed a pock o maat" that will foment far many a day. Somo of tho English papers oplno that n marked coolness will greot Iho Australians ujion their arrival In England, but 1 think oven though snob should bo tno case npon tboir arrival, tbo English folks will soon and 'out that as long oa tho Al.C.C. faotlon aro absent or subservient all wUlgo ahead com fortably, especially undor tho management of C. W. Bcal. Tho Surry United and Ivanhoo match ispor- hups tho most absorbing topio amongst tho " crickot-taikvrs " of tho city, and if uny ono should have crossod uiy truck on Satur day last X would have staked my bottom dollar to a goosobnrry that tho Surreys luul not a ghost or a show against tbo Ivanhoos, for the game etood thus j— Tbo Ivanhoos bad eight good men to get just 1! runs, a raero Ugntcllo as it were. Ono voulnrosomo barrucker for tho Ivnnhoe laid u sporting wogur of X-'t to ouo shiiiiiig that tho Ivanfaoce would win, but by tlio timo tbo lively " Juliilix'" changed oWutrsbc was a much sadder uml perlmps a bit wiser man. No ono can deny that it was good luck, piuok, and fright tlmt pulled tho Surreys through and ploucd thorn conipiurors; and now tho strcots nro alivo with frioudH of tlio Surroys, who know (r) fall wo that thoy would win, hot didn't expect it would bo so aloso a thing. It seems almost iticrodiblo that such batsmen as tbo brolhora Holly, Charlton, Camphin, and Event should rcoivo tholr quietus in snuli a summary manner. It whs nil along of Hutae, who bowled in great stylo, taking 7 wiokets for 20 odd rats, a phonuuiuunl per formance on a batsman's wicket. This is bat 000 moroevidenco of tho glorious uncertainty of tho gamo of crlckot, und an ineontlvo to yoaog iolks to tako up soft wagora. Tbo Melbourno footballers camo U> tho fore, &nd; played a benefit mutch for llstes, tho tacst favourite of all tbo EugUah pLyors, who wu tho ri.'tim of au unfortunate neoldent sosio three iitontliH ugn. Surely the Sydnay bora can do sometbing in tho way of a benefit for Billy Botes. It Ik rumoured in sporting oirolon that both tbo Kuglish-teaini cm hiVnt of tidy dehit balances. Vernou's team is reported to havo out well Into tho third " tliou. If anything will uuko these R)Hirtiog specula tors fight shy of as, It la a flnuucial faibiro. It Is well to romembor that neitlier of tho English trams aro not out of pocket at all, "at least 0 thn dickey birds say." Tboy say that tho Ivanhoos aro losing Itouuvovoll, tboir wicket-kcener. If so tb.iy will experience a sod loss, for 1 real I r boliovo thcro is not a bettor junior wioket-kcepor in tbis oolony than F. Iwunsoroll. Tbo first annual cricket match hotween teams from tho Telegraph DopartmouU of this oniony and Victoria commonced vostor-. day at Manly on tbo malting wlckot. Bowon captained the local team, whilst- Jonvoy aciod in a similar capaoitj for tho visitors. New South Wales won tho tons, nnd kept possession of tbo wickets uutil about 4 o'clock, tho last wicket falling for a total of let run. Nowoll wont in first, nnd playod & splendid innings for (l, while Nosh (32) and W. Vnrlry (30) also dlaUngulshcd thomsolvoa. Jonvoy got tbo best bowling avcrago— two for lt» t and Green, Cmtello, Wooton, and Oldriovo soourcd the otlior wiekuts. Tho; rain which foil rondorod tbo ball very slip pery, othorwiso tho l>owlors— Costollo ospo- clatly— would linvo glvou a hotter acoouut of themsclvos. Viuloria brvd lost two wiokets for 24 at tlio cull of iinio. Tho match will bn rcsamsd to-day. Tho following are tlio Nxw Bobtii Walks.— First Inutugs Nrwsll.e awl b Wooton <U M'Urath.not out 11 llissby, b CoateUo ... 3 ClalouS.o Kibble, bjeaver 9 Btib, b Green ..,39 Curvey,al Osode, bJeure/ 11 Rush, b Oldrlavs ... 3 tiuudrtca ... 6 Dowod, at GiXNlir, b — Graon 2 Total ...199 J. Varley, b Coatelto ... 15 llowe, b Costollo ... 0 W. Varley, 0 Green, b Wootoo ...30 YOUNd Ivaniior 0.0. v. WABATAlt C.C. —These clubs mob at Waterloo last Satur day, and tbo match rosultod iu a win for tho Ivanhoes. B. Alorrison (0). A. Furneii (S), A. Darnford (7). imttcd wou for tbo former, es did Bannor (18) for tlio losora. Tbo bowl ing of Harrison and Butler for tho winners woa oxcollcnt, as Harrison eoonrod fivo for 14, and J. Butlor five for 15, Hales, fur tho losers, was most successful. Scoros 1— Ivau bxs. 41', aud fivo for 00; Woratabs, 29. Tho Ivaouera went to tbe wiekote, and in tboir rrcond innings woro in from 4.30 till (1, only' five wickets falling, wheu time was callwL I'iayed at Wuvcrloy on Saturday, and re sulted in a draw in favour of tho Nolsons. Scores: NuUoiih, two wickots fur V!t Car- lisle, 78 rutiH. Tliu Nelsons played thrco 