mm m bbmf. Bpetially collated anditomhied for "The WoeS >y Colonial Callings, Th« Viotorian artillery is to be increased O250 men. Large shipments of ooal are being mafiejrt Brisbane for Melbourne. -A man named banner was aoetdently sbot at lriaa on tne zta august. /Shearing ia progresaing favourably at the Beep water and Brookong stations. 1 It is proposed to hold a juvenile exhibition next year at Lmnoestoh, Tasmania. The railway department of Victoria y HI shortly call for tenders for 500 tracks. Dr, Murphy, Roman Oatholio Bishop of Hobarfc, has been created an arehbuhop. What Is regarded as a good payable ooal pnlne, exists at Testura, Sonth Aoaitalis, Batter factories will be established at Karelian and Cobbity, in the Camden district. » Property at the oorner of Bourse and Spring streets, Melboarne, has been sold for £79 200. „ ' The exports of tea from Fooonow to Queensland daring Jaly amoanted to 403 0001b weight. The Marquis de Bostaing, vioe-aonaol for France, died in Sydn y on 24 ih nit. from hemorrhage of the longs. The Kamo Coal Company (N, Z.) has re ceived an order for 8,000 tons of ooal for the San Francisco mail boats. 1 Mr. Dibbs is the plaintiff in an action against the Sydney " Daily Tebgraph" for ; libel, claiming £25,000 damages. The IromasterB of Victoria have decided : not to yield to the demands of the moaldera for a minimum wage of lis. par day, j The ship Diamond, from Newcastle to ( San Francisco with coal, was wrecked at j Maldon Island. All handa were saved. j In connection with the nsxS u great fight" i in Melboarne, the persons concerned will be j caationed, and if the fight comes off they will j be prosecuted. j A new disease has broken out amongst the j rabbits in Southland, New Zealand, j resembling soab. Is is said to be carrying j them off by thousands. A prisoner in Darlioghursfc gaol has just perfected an invention for an improved process of mixing air with water in the j water tanks of aquariums, | The stpamer Kate is lying in the Brisbane River under arrest. The owner of the TJadlae claims £2,000 for damage resulting from the Undine-Kate collision, T. Sanders, the Australian jockey, who . has lately been riling in England, was a \ passenger by the mail steamer which \ arrived at Adelaide on Tuesday. j Mr George Davis, one of the candidates j for the Gippsland Province election, ad- j dressed a gathering of electors at Maffra last j evening, and was most favourably received, j The position of Minister of Land for j NX5. W., rendered vacant by the res gnaiioa ' of IMr Garrett, is etili unfilled, and probably | no selection will be made for aaoiher waek ! or'two. The title to the land ner the Spencer street railway station. Melbourne, on which Mr. Willia v.s's coach factory is buils, is in : dispute. The Crown claims aa interest ia ; the land. The second deposit of L20 m connection with the boxing match eiwen Evans and Stanley has been posted. The match will take place in Adelaide on the 17lh of next month. Lord Carrington is expected to visit Baurke on Thursday, aud after .holding a letet and attending a banquet and other festivities, he will proceed on horseback aoross the country toWileannia. The Government, if unfortunately any breach of the peace should occur in the Newcastle districts, will bo prepared to take any measure that may be necessary to enforce obedience to the law, A meeting at the Carpenters and Joiners Society of Victoria was held at Melbourne on Monday night, and it was carded that two proposals be submitted to the Contractors and Builders' Association. There is nothing fresh to report with regard to the m&rititne; labour dispute. Toe Zsalandia is successfully making the usual > arrangements for taking in coal and cargo, and all Hxohement has subdded. A miner named John Bamford was kil ed at Eidsvold, Queensland, on Sunday night, byn explopio o dynamite in the Mount i Jone P C block mine, Aaoiher miner ; nahaed Miller was alec L jared. h . H A fatal fight occurred at Bugelbose, near l\ Pilliga, O ' the 24 b nil- Two mac, named $ Waldron and William TriodaU fought / several rounds The latter was badly t injar.d, and died shortly alter thf- fiiht. 'fi in view of an increase in the Viotorian $ 8 took Tax, the ca riage of sheep and o«ttle across the border is extraordinary. For the i wek ending August 15, applications were received for the carriage of 25,000 sheep aud 2.)0 cattle i tn obhseqaenca of the severe drought now prevailing in the New South Wales colony, | the Dec of Sydney has issued a circular in- : vittag the AngUcao clergy and congregations 1 of the "diocese to observe Friday, tbe 31st > tart., as a day of humiliation and special j prayer fr rain. It is probable that the colliers' strike will eaqse freights to advance in San Francisco, and. the price of wheat mu4 fill ; whilst, on ji thc other baod, vessels may be .attracted to i South > Australia in ballast from Sydney or 1 Newcastle. instead of taking coal to Gali- 1 orme, and there to load wheat for E ugland, ;! The Boort Pastoral Association has passed i the lol lowing resolution:— " That as the i 1 Ministry take the stand that to increase the I sfeock tax would ciu?e irritation in the I QeibOariog colonies, they be requested, ! i through the members of Parfisment for this j I district, to ei reduce the railway freight i | on stock an& o h?r produce, or to raise tboie i E<OHi4)lhei doiauiee, with a view of giving in- i j J ' t fogash and Foreign < The London Hospital Sunday Fund now amounts to £37,375. ... .... Tbe Australian floating debi as the end of June was 411,998098 florins. During last yaat22,430 articles left In oahs were delivered at Scotland Yard.' No leas than 52,619 personk ih one =day vlettod the Police Fk so held iat the Crystal Paiaoe. ' ; A handsome statute, three times life siae,. is to bs erected to Colousl Kiag«»flarman. ai Margate. German foot , soldiers are deriving benefit from discarding stookings and keeping the feet well oiled. As early as 325 the Council of Nioe ordered the foundation of hospitals in the principal tawna. According to Insuraucs statistics, more fires are extinguished by the use of -pails of water than by all other mean! The authorities at Paris are about to die- pose of tbe enormous balk of sewage ;by irrigation over 39.009 acres of lni. A ton of ropaa made from the hair of the wooien in Japan is used in building the 30,000 lol. Bad ihist temple in Kioto ! Even ao celebrated .a geaeraj and- old a soldier »s the Dake of Wellmatoa felt it necessary t J fight a duel as lata aa 1829 .The Natal coal fields are now connected by a railway rnuning from the pits to the sea, and the first train load has arrived in port. Bdtwen Christmas, 1752, and the same day, 1762, it is estimated that no less than 71,115 siavaa ware imported into Jamaica alone. The Empress of Japan is rapidly becoming p oficiant on the piano. She takes lessons and praotises several h sura a day, both her teachers being Germans. The first oomplete fossil skeleton of a whsle, found under 10 ft. of marl . in the south of Sweden, hg just been presented. to the Woirersityof Upaala. The Ametican levsnue cuttsr Crawford has towed into Key W-st the British soh <oner Admired, captured on the Florida osst while engaged in tnrt e-fihing. The model of Eddyst me Lighthouse, which wa< 3 > co uayicu a feat ore of the Livemodl Exhibiti >ns of 1886 and 1887, is to be rebuilt oit the foreshore «c Southport. The Qaeen has graciously sent a donation £20, io response to an appeal recently issued on behaf of >he Temporary Ho ma furLjtt and Starving Doga at Bacteirse. it is stated that the sum to be handed over to Sc. Catherine's Hospital by order of the Queen, bi«g toe surplus of be Women's Jubi ee Off ring, amounts to £70,000. Tub Caodrivd?t»' Bendvoieot Associatiou has 1,250 members. It has 46 annuitants, each of w o;n i in receipt of £20 a year, and if. lent to member a in small earns last year £2,240. A large number of the mag&zina; rifles recently made at Eafield for final teeing in the hands of soldiers are to bo sent at once to India and Egypt for final experiment and report. The Theatre Roy a1, Yarmouth, is for sale. It wa< a fam ma cheacte in the old days, And aff irded a noma occasionally for . the great Edmund Kean and all ths popular actors from, bis time. A Berlin merchant who advertised for a wife lately received 277 answers, O? these 87 were widows,. 42 of them bad no children, and 21 possessed fortunes of from 500iol. to 20 OOOdol. The hostile tribes of the Benin Guild dis trict of Mor coo ae rep irted to hve had an encounter with be Sultan's troops on the 25ch uit., ia whico they were dBfeated with heavy loss af'er a severe engagement. A demonstration against Mr. Stevenson's Sunday Closing Bill took place on Sunday afternoon in Hyde Park and a resold i3a denouncing She measure as uncalled for and unjust was pa-sed at all the platforms. A rather curious question is iikely to arise iu connection with pilotage. Some of the ships n our navy list sppsar as of 10 090 or 12 000 tons. Ia firnuxion of ths pilotage laws, how will thi rc a titer be dealt with ? The Princess Vietoria Alexandr Olg Mary, the second daughter of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, was bcrn at Mirlboroagh-hoase on 6:ii Jaly, 1808, and baa accordingly compleied be- tweniieta year. The London Skin Hospital in Leicester- square was founded in Mareb, 1887- Da?i ;g the fifteen months of its existence ths hospital has been instrumental in treating, in round numbers, 1,000 patients, who have made 5,000 attendances. Women to the number of 1400 have some ou-> bn strike Messrs, Bryant and .May's match works, Bow, on account, it is stated, of change involving loss of time, and oon- Btqusmtly wagee. A numbsr of men are thus driven to enforced idleness. Among the numerous gifts that will be press Died to the Princess Los /ilia Bonapyrte cn tbe occasion of her marriage t > the Duke of Aosta is a landLu. which is bein made in L 'i&dciii;, and a pair of the best Oarr ega horses which money ean procure. Miss Josle Carroll, a young school-teacher at Birascye, lad , has been killed by frfght. Some boys made a " ghost,'! which they placed in her path as she returned alone from a neighbour's house. She wa thrown Into convulsions and died on the spot. : According to a special orreepodent at Oopenhagen, tbe Exhibition which is about lo be opened in the Danish capital is one of. which any of the more central European, nations might be proud. It relates to tbe . industries, agriculture, and art of Denmark, i Sweden and Norway. - / A ease came before the deputy ooronbr of Manchester, in which It was Bhown that thb de&th;, .pLa, man named; Roach, ' agd2 fity-J ;i fo jrwdhe to .typhoid, fyet, cau'by- bsd amells in the house of three, aparimente wloh 3hs occupied with his wife. daaghter, / sou-in-law,nd throe children. . i . \ Rose -growing on an extensive eOale is bsinif toHetbt lb' Sszos; for the manufacturfe of the Turkish oil of roses. Though hot as favouted4>y climate, the Saxon rose ia; juft as ' good and- Rwest-scented as the Balkan blosV ' loan ; so that the industry rapidly increases, and pr -misee to be very profitable. Ate mb ridge assizes, William Chrisipi&B;, Great Eastsrii Railway' -at 1 March, on the night of the fifteenth June, with intent to «n danger life and injure property. Mr. Bton Pollock sentenoed bim to five "years' |6|t| iewitBte r: -/"' -f "Ui j- An improBSiohnrevails lb Alexahdria that Ihe.fej Pasha", Benin' PaCba. and not Mr. Stanley. It is alleged that Ecnia Paaha has intimated that In tbe event of his being hard preas he would : 8lbrike for Gaaelle, where . _ « ie well known, and'where the population are hostile to the Mahdi. Although the AustralUns have hotp altogether abandoned their proposed expedition to the S rnth Pole, there is only to great a probability that they will will be fore- stalled. At all events, It ia now decided that a magnifibently-eqnipoed expedition will leave Germany in a few weeks for the exploration of theAnt&rtio; Ocean. At Greenwich polioe oourt;, Henry Shep herd aged fifty-three, of no home, was can tanned to fourteen days' hard labour for scaling four eggs from a farmyard, Tbe man said he had bsen haymaking, but wet weather stopped work, and : having nothing to eat since the previous day, he took the eggs from an open shed. Wax is a eubstanoe eeorefed by the bees, and is analogous to the fat of higher animals, To produce a single pound of wx, bsea must oonsumd from 15 to 201ba of honey, This expensive substance is used bv the thrifty little inseeta with the greatest economy The thickness of the osll wail in anew comb. |b said to to be only 1 80ch of an inoh. . 1 A little knowledge, is certainly a dangerous thing when applied to chemistry. To facilitate the cleaning of wi30rtle which had contained glycerine, a hospital nurse poured iu some nitric acid, thereby unintentionally forming the explosive compound nitroglyoer- ine. The bottle bnrst in her hands, and her a«iA«in1n law litefliftB ittuo neto U4UIJ uiaugiou MJT «uo A " Times" telegram, dated Alexandria. Thursday, saye: " Zobehr considers that the White Pasha at Bahr Gazelle is -Emin Pasha, and not Mr Stanley. Emin Pasha bad Tre - viously informsd one of Z?ebhr's messengers jthat if he were hard pressed he woald try to Eitriky for GazeUe, where he is well known ;and the population are hostile to the Madbi.' A pUn has been made for the construction of a palace at Merv for the use of Imperial iguests and important offio'als. "The palace j'will be built in the European style, and will jibe Sited up with all the luxury of one of the | palaces of the capital. A few years ago. pPrino > Gortsohakoff stated that one of the. i'tnost absurd ideas we English entertained was. | ;that Russia meditated annexing Merv. It ia stated that siaoa the sunflower has rbeen culcivated on certain swamps of the jPoiomao, msi arial fever has . decreased. At | -the month of the Scheldt, in Holland, it is .stated that similar results have been obtained. The sunflower emits. Urge jVolumeB of water in the form of vapour, and its aromatic odour, as well as the oxygen it inhales, may have to do with the sanitary in fiaehoe in question. The " devil's looking glass" — to use the author of "Hudibras"' designation— was sold reecutly wish the Ltndesborough oolleo- tion. It was the magio speculam of that Dr. Dee wbo was so notorious an astrologer i in the times of Mary and Elizabeth. Dr. ; Dee proleaEed to be able to ball his familiar : spirits into this stone, which magically j reflected many strange scenes, and affjrded 1 glimpeB into futurity. ; As Mr3. Le <se of Ki-isgrova, was crossing . the Nnr&h; Scafforte&ire; railway at Hre- casile JubC- ion, with two cbtldrea tbe other night, an express train rashed upon thm whii, perceiving that one of her childrer, stid remained oa ths metals, the poor ®om-n rau hack, and saved thy child at the coc of her own life, being cu-3 to piecas hy the engini?, A naaa iet of psopte che accident, but oou'd !2o?. reodtr anF assisiaucc At the Anglesey assizes, John William Jones a reti-ed farmer, living a? Cemaes, was s'Hd by Aoue Griffiths, late barmaid. a5 the D iuobea Ar ?is, Auilwob, for damages for breach ol promise of marriage, ' The promise was admitted — a plea, however, being filed that the. plaintiff was an unchaste : women. The judge commented npoa the scandalous character of the defence, and the jury found for the plaintiff —damages £50. Tue savages in Formosa were accustomed Until very recently, when they killed a person, to out off the head, pour spirits in the mouth, and drink from the neek the misture of blood and spirits, to prolong life, Smce they shaved their hair and submitted, they have been forbidden these practices. Still they commit barbarities at times' Lately the officials found two boys whose relations had all beau killed by another tribe. In bis desire to show how iteam will make a beat travel, an engineer at Bangkok has sens', a number of his fellow subjects flying into the next world. A princess was on board the launch, and it is said that the engineer wedged down the safety valve in order to impress her Royal Highness with ihe wonders of steam. As a result, five of. the anise were ki!-:d outright, eight were badly scalded, ani the boat went to the bo 'torn la fragments. The reckless destruction of forests in Prussia has lately increased fo such an extent that the Government has issuer! a law protecting timber throughout the Empire In recant years this wholesale felling of gne woods has completely ohased the climate of many districts', rendering the country barren and rainless. Farther, removing the trees from the banks of lakes and rivers has loosened the sand, and thus shallowed many harbours and watercourses. : A large number of men employed at the East India Dooks struck work on Saturday morning, in consequence of the refusal of theoompany to increase their wages by 13; an hour. Considerable delay has consequently arisen in loading and unloading vessels. The : demand was jacaeded to in Ihe casQ df th'o1 hip's /gang, but "not Iu that of the shore ' g&ng; who «TraB8 their determination to bold eat. Men have beefi sBnt from the West India Db&a; to render help. o : The death hasjasfc occurred at Werlhinu of Admiral Hargood, at the age of eighty. i«SBrrs?asS®' 1867\. ' He w»B. jMtioe oMhe for th, .ounty \- ,.<> tu H«#yh6roagh on S.tnrday havioa . been . removed,, nnanr. »ne Sfl . Aoi. -from that ooanty -to Omm'i Ooonty, Five yuooem were «" tented taeeeen y««e' penifl MMe feoh for-ntwoUng ttdneen new Vor attacking the house of a schoolmaster mq firing thrioe at the schoolmaster s dftughter, a mftA natued Soanlan was seutenOBd to eighteen years' penal Servitude. . f \ ooittepbndenfe ef the .» Daily writes; under date 12 July ; of tbe term ' as mad as a hatter is ferom the eandidature of Mr. H »rris, Aleoted t the bead of tbe poll for Sauthwark nearly «xty years ego, and to the surprise of everybody, he ws a hatter in the Bjrougb, and proved to be our of his mind. He was awp the origin of the trite expression, 51 What a shocking bad hat 1' He used that term when accosting the electors in hie o»nvas, and of course within a few hours a brand -new hat arrived at, the elector's house. Messrs. Sutton, the eminent seedsmen of Reading near London, have placed the British farmer under an obligation by pub' fishing s - scheme of cultivation whflrebj a continuous reapply of greeu food can be obtained during every week of the year. The crops comprise oabbage, tnedeoh own, mangolds, Hnogartaa forage grass, veitches, teifolium, rapid growing grasses, clovers, lucerne, maizs, sorghum, rape, and Japanese corn. By means of these crops green fo <d dutiog the cild witer months as well as tbe hot days of sammer can be obtained. 