M A T i M S B U R Y . (FROM OOB OWS OOSEESPOifDENI.) A collision occurred in Mollison Street, opposite Mr Hooppell's store, on Friday evening, which waa attended with serious results, and yet it might have been more' disastrous. A spring cart containing Messrs B. Leech junr., DeGruchy, Hogan, and another, was being driven down the hill, when a horse ridden in the opposite direotion by Mr T. Wallis, collided with the off shaft of the vehicle. The violence of the contact may be judged from the fact that the shaft pierced the horse's chest to s depth of fully 18 inches. The unfortunate animal staggered by the blow, fell dead on the road. Mr Wallis escaped with but slight personal damage. Both shafts of the spring cart were broken, and the occupants were thrown out, but they sustained no injury. Mr Wallis's horse was a valuable one, being worth at least £25. Mr Chas. Bradlaugh, the representative of Northampton in the House of Commons, has resigned his seat on account of his poverty. It is intended to establish a Roman Catholic College and Orphanage at Ballarat. The first-named will be conducted by the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, and the latter by the Little Sisters of Nazareth. Both priests and nuns will arrive from England with Bishop Moore in November. The site for the college is in Sturt Street, and was purchased from Mr Gaunt, barrister for £4000. The orphan- age wól be OB the eastern side of Lako Wendouree, and will be open also for the aged and distressed of all creeds. A crowded and enthusiastic meeting at Sydney on Friday night, passed an unanimous resolution against the employment of Asiatic laborers on mail boats subsidised by the Government of the colony. It will be a surprise to many to laarn that during the year 1887 no fewer than 760 public and 600 bank holidays were proclaimed in different parts of the colony. According to the New York Tribune, the cattle trade of America has lately been improving with almost phenomenal rapidity. A telegram from Kansas City on 15th Jvoe says :—"On the 2Gth of last May prices of cattle advanced 10 cents, per hundred* aight, after about a month during which heavy cattle were almost a drug on the market. Since then there hardly been a day when there were enough beef cattle received at the stockyards to eupply the demand. In 20 days prices have made a greater advance than waa ever made before in the history of Kanass City. Yesterday cattle which would have sold three weeks ago for 4 doL SO cents, a hundredweight were purchased for shipment to Sew, York, and e dol. a hundredweight were paid fat 