THE GHOST OF THE PRINCE RUPERT. Bff M. GAUNT. " Abo;, (hero, ahoy I Sbip aho; 1'' ' " Mr. Wilson," aaiii the skihper, patting 1 his bead up the hatchway, ''what's this darned row about?" . . " Please, sir, there's a ship over there on 1 the starboard bow. We saw her quite plainly when the fog lifted a minute ago, bat I'm banged if I oan now, and she won't answer to oar hails," and 1 pat my hand to my mouth and shouted again with all my might "Ship ahoy I" Just then the tog lifted again, and right ahead appeared a ship under toll sail, royal etun'a'ls and skysails set, and the sunlight, which left ns in gloom, brought oat her white ssila and every little rope and spar stood clearly marked against the dark and stormy background. So olose she came we oonld see her decks and the people on them. , " Down with your helm 1 Down with yon r helm ! Hard aatarboard 1" roared the skipper and I in a reath, making a dash for the ' wheel; bntthe stranger forged ahead, th* ' fog closed over her, and we were left all aback, onr sails banging against the masts. "Good Lord!" cried Captain Pratt, mop ping his forehead with his big red handker chief, "that war a near Bhave, Mister. What d'ye think of it?" ' Well, sir," I said, rubbing my eyes, for it had all passed so swiftly I could hardly believe my eyealghtt "Well, sir, 1 don't know, I'm sure; but if we were only a little more to the east'ard I'd have said it was the flying Dutchman and Philip Vanderdecken hmself." " Wal, wal," said the Bkipper again, still poliehing away at his forehead, " Wal, wal; they do say he cruises in these latitudes, and ain't over partis'ler as to longitude. But I don't keer about this fog. Why, bless my soul, you can't see the mainmast. Put her before the wind agin, MiBter." The watoh went to the braces and soon hauled the yards round and we were bowling along as before. Then the full force of the situation seemed to burst on the skipper all at onoe, and he turned to me and rated me sonndly for carrying on in that way through auoh a fog, mixing up his jawing with im precations on the stranger for not having his foghorn going. I ventured at last, humbly, to remark that that was hardly my fault, but he immediately shut me up with an order to " keep her under topB'ies till the fog lifts and keep your foghorn going," a totally un necessary order, for it waB booming away on the foc'e le like a cow in the extremest agony. Then the Bkipper went below and left me to see his orders carried out. The Prince Kupert wsb a Liverpool olipper, bound for San Francisco, and at the time my story opens found herself sailing before a fair wind in a heavy South Atlantio fog some where in the latitude of Buenos Ayres. I Charles Wilson was her first mate, Sam | Pratt her skipper, and Fred Archer her second mate, while of her crew the majority, contrary to the run of things nowadays, were men from the British Isles, the re mainder being made up with the usual rag tag and bobtail of " Dutchmen," &b; we called them, men who in reality seemed to be the sweepings and outoasts from every nation under fne sun. We were a cargo Bhip and odriried no passengers, luckily for them, for the Prince Rupert, though she oalled herself a clipper, was by no means so fast as her skipper and her officers could have wished, i and a prolonged' stay in the latitude of j Cape Born somewhere about the middle of .June is. by. so means umim Thete was nothing remarkable about the ship, .nothing remarkable about the crew, they1'Were all oommon-plaoe, as common place as one conld well wish to see, but they were superstitious of course. All sailors are that, and I soon found that the incident of the " sjlent nhip,".as. I oalled her to myBelf, had niade' a profound ImpreaBion on them. 'The man at the wheel had heard my remark to the skipper that she looked like the " Flying Dutchman," and had apparently re peated it in the foo's'le, where it was reoelved as gospel. By-and-by the man who had been on the lookout on that day, a jolly, little Irishman named Pat Mahoney, oame to me and confided his fears. " Faix, yer honor," he said, " I don't like it at all, at all. For 'twas meself was on the lookout that day, and I'd like well to know what'H he happening next. The bhoys is say in' 'tis bad luck it manes for certain. " Mcneense, man, nonsense," I said, trying to disabuse hie mind of the absurd notion he had got into his head, " ' the Flying Dutch man indeed 1 It was only some skipper too lazy to keep his foghorn going," "Ye don't often see a packet like that these days, an' besides ye eaid 'twas the Dutchman yersel'," he answered doggedly, " BttSBian Pete heard ye, and faix if 'twaan't bad look for me an1 the bo'eun to fall out, and all over a alip of a girl, too, bad cess to her." " You and the bo'eun haven't fallen out, have yon ?" I asked with some wonder; for they haa left the Liverpool docke saah dear friends that the bo'eun—a tall, stern, lantern jawed, north-country man named Scott, had come ait with a special request that Pat Mahoney might share his cabin, and their friendship up till now had been of such a demonstrative character, unusual among men, that not only the crew but even the officers also had noticed and commented on it, It was with some cariosity I asked then, as Pat nodded his head in assent. " What the deuce did you quarrel about?" "Just about that eame, sir: about the colleen, air," mid Pat, looking down sheepishly, and twisting a strand of rope through his restless fingers. "Ye see," he added, "'twas this way. Danl, ye see, is grave, very grave like, an' the girl av coorae •he liked well a bit av fun, she conldn't keep to him: 'twasn't he ahonld have been ex pectin' it at all, at all—an'—an', sure 'twas only a lock av hair an' a bit piotur he found. Sue 'twasn't worth a fuss about." "Oh-o,Mr. Pat," I said, putting together this somewhat fragmentary explanation. " Oh-o, so yon have been playing fast and loose with nis sweetheart, nave you? Well, Pat, take my advice and make it np again if am. -I. wouldn't stand in your shoes for youcan, ■something, but I'm hanged if I can see how you can blame the Flying Dutobman for your own folly." " Sure 'twas the venr day afther,' began Pat. But I had had enough of his love story, and sent him for'ard again, with another injunction to make it dp if he conld. Be could not, apparently, or perhaps he did not try, for whenever I thought about the n atter I saw that the two men never spoke to one another—never crossed each other's path if it conld he avoided. Evidently the breach was too deadly to be lightly healed, hut I had not much time to think about the matter, for whether or not the mysterious stranger had anything to do with it I can't say, bat certainly from the moment we Iob eight of her the prosperity of onr voyage wa at an end. Up till then we had met fat winds, and the Plince Rupert had gone ahead an fa«t that our " old man" began jo prophesy we should beat oar record—not that that wonld have meant anything remarkable! bnt from that time forth everything went against as. The fog ecarcely lifted for over a week, BDd all that time we were almost becalmed, rolling beavily, and keeping onr foghorn going, The men growled and grumbled and aet it down to the "Flying Dutchman," which by tbia time the whole of the crew were ready to a wear they had seen, not for getting old Philip Vanderdeaken himself. Then just as I began, like the rest of them, to think we were doomed to aall slowly tbroDgh that fog for ever, a gale came from the west, a warm land breeze, whioh dis persed the fog indeed, bat drove ue oat of onr course to the east'ard. I reallythought we ehonld never round the Horn, we oould sail sontb, we might hare sailed north, the wind seemed determined we ehonld go east, bnt west we oould not go, Whenever the wind was fair with ail sails set the Prinoe Rupert couldn't make more than three or four knots an hour, while more than onoe we found ourselves hove-to under dose-reefed topsails, for it blew a perfeet hurrioane from the west. For more than a month we were kept dodging about in the South Atlantic, and then, jnst as the skipper swore he wonld make a fair wind of a fonl one, and sail right round the world to San Fran cisco, it changed, and blew steadily from the east. Very cheerily the men's choruses rang ont as we set all sail and went along merrily before this fair wind. "Blow, my bully boys, blow," they sang, and the only gloomy face aboard was that of the lantern-jawed North Country bo'snn, who: evidently oould not forget his sweetheart's faithlessness nor forgive the falee friend who had supplanted him. Pat seemingly had forgotten about the matter, and onoe when I questioned him merely answered— " Ocb, sir, snre I've forgiven the orathur entoirely," which seemed to me hardly to the point. But this blissful state of affairs was not destined to IaBt long. Jnst as we rounded the Horn onr fair wind increased to a gale, the glaBB fell, and as night earns on ths skipper began to look anxious. "1 guesB I don't like the look of things, Mister," he said, taking a squint ronnd at the olouds. "I guess if the gale inoreases you'll just reef the maintops'Ie slick," It was, indeed, a dismal night. A keen bitter wind that shrieked through the rig ging was blowing direat from the icefields of the South Pole. All the sails and copes were ! frozen hard es iron. The snow so soft and white when it first fell had become lumps of ice on the yards and decks, and the man on the look-out at the foo's'Ie head waB a pillar o ice. " A dirty night, Mister, a dirty night."said the skipper again as he went below. " Keep your weather eye lifting," My watch on deck began at 8, and as the night advanced the gale increased, and the weather grew worse and worse. We were already scuddiug along under storm oanvas, with oar fore and mizzm tops'Ies reefed, and about 10 o'clock I called all hands to reef the maintopsail. The starboard watoh turned up rubbing their eyes and swearing at their rest being disturbed, but they were soon at their work, singing with a will. Very mournfully the shanty rang out— Away to Bio, away to Bio; Then fare thee well, my bonnle young girl. If you're bound for the Bio Grande. The air was thick and white with falling snownakeB, and I standing on the break o] the poop and straining my eyes upwards could not see farther than the maintop, bnt still I oould bear the mournful refrain now dying away faint and low, now swelling loud and clear above the shrieking of the gale— " Away to Rio, away to Rio, to the banks of the Rio Grande," They were rather a long while about it, I thought, though I knew the yards must be slippery with ice, and I was just about to shout an enquiry, oouched in not qnite the politest language, when suddenly through the white haze which hid all aloft 1 saw a dark body fall, and it needed not the sudden cessation of the shanty and the wild cry of "man overboard" to tell me that one of onr ship mates had gone to his long account. It was hopeless to think of saving him. I saw that at once as he touched the water, a shapeless mass of oilskins, and the boiling sea swept him away to leeward. The hands without any bidding of mine ran down from aloft and crowded to the bulwarks, while the half reefed sail banged against the yard. But the enow was so blinding, the haze eo dense, it wae impossible to see half a ship's length off, and it was bopelesB to think of saving him. Reluctant bb I was to abandon a comrade, there was nothing to be done but to order the hands aloft again to finish reefing the sail. When it was done, and the watch had gone below again, I enquired, and was told it was Pat Mahoney who had been loBt. "He was at the reef-earring, sir," ex plained the man, questioned. " The yard wob awful slippy with ice, and the ropes were like iron; the bo'snn was next him, and he sayB the rope jnst Bnapped, and Pat turned head over heels without a word. He never cried out and the enow was in my eyes, and that thick I didn't see it happen myself." I questioned the bo'sun, but he was morose, as usual, and briefly said, " he supposed the rope parted, it was rotten, as I might see for myself. It wae just the way poor sailors' lives were frittered away." And when I asked for the rope I heard the other end had been chuoked overboard. "It wara't worth keepin'," in the men'a opinion, " it was too short." So there only remained to enter in the log " that Patrick Mahoney had been lost overboard at four bells in the first watoh on the night of July 8,1886, lat. 67" 49", Ion. 73* 30', from the maintopsail yard, while engaged in reefing the maintopsail, They missed Pat's merry Irish ways in ths foo's'Ie. The port watoh was short of a hand, and the men set dow their bad lack onoe more to the Flying Dutchman ; bat if so, hs appeared to have wreaked his vengeance on poor Pat Mahoney, for next day the weather cleared, and the 'Frisco girls got onr tow rope, as the men Bald, for we had fair winds, which stock by ns till we had sailed through the Golden GateB and towed np the Saora mmto to Port Costa. We lay at San Franoisoo for over six months. Freights were bad, and finally we cleared out with a cargo of wheat bound to Queenstown for orders. We had not mado many changes in our company; another man filled Pat Mabooev's place, and some of the orew had ran and been replaced by others: bnt the most of those who had left Liverpool with asi were going back with the ship to old England again. It was winter onoe more before we found ourselves in the latitude of the Horn, and on July 8,1887, we were down south of it, sondding along before a westerly wind, a wind which, though fair, threatened every moment to become a gale. " Do ye recollec'. Mister," said the skipper, as we stood together on the poop, " it was somewhere hereabouts we lost Pat Mahoney. It was this very day, too, an' this kinder weather, Wal, wal, I cal'c'late we'd better look ont for squalls to-night." New, though the skipper and I had both thought of cue anniversary of Fat's death, I do not think it had' oconrred to any of the men. A sailor is a careless individual, living for the present only, and a man is toon for gotten at sea; therefore, that any of the orew should have remembered the very day was very unlikely indeed. At the most, some might recollect that we had lost a hand in these waters on our vojrage out. Thus of what followed I can give no explanation whatever. It was my first watch on deck again, and Bgaln the night was dirty and squally with a promise of more wind, and the snow so thlok that from the break of the poop I oould not see the man on the look-ont at the foo's'le head. The decks were white with heaped up snow, and I myself as I tramped np and down the weather side was rapidly becoming a moving pillar of Ice. Nothing was farther from my thoughts than Pat Manoney, and if 1 was thinking of anything in particular it was of the oomfortable bunk I should be due for in another four hours, and the bright cosy fire I would have been sitting over mad I the chance, and, |wella yes perhaps I was thinking a little of the pretty bright-haired girl I should like to see Bitting on the other side of that fire. The only other creature stirring, save the man on the foo'e'le head and myself, was the hand at the wheel, the rest of the port watoh having stowed themselves away somewhere for'ard, and praotioally I was alone. Up and down I tramped, ud and down, stamping my feet to keep out this cold, thinking harder than ever, by force of contrast I suppose, of the cosy firs and the pretty girl who shonld sit alongside it, and the. wind that shrieked through the rigging and the waves that broke alongside formed a sort of accompaniment to my thoughts. I oould almost have set them to a tune—" Pretty Nellie; sweet Nellie; dear, dear Nellie." j There was no change for about two hours,' and then the gale increased so much that I had just paused in my tramp to look aloft and consider whether 1 hadn't better oall the watch to take a reef in the topsails, when the men on the lookout came rnshlng aft— " Oh please sir, for God's sake, Mr. Wilson, there's some one hailing from aloft." " Aloft ?" I looked np into the white haze, " Aloft ? Johnson, yon must be a raving lunatic. There's not a soul would be aloft a I night like this if he oould help himself." " 1 heard it," he protested, and his voiae trembled and his teeth chattered, whether with cold or fear i could not tell, " I heard it bb plain down from the mainmast; it came from the topBailyard 1 think." Convince him he wae mistaken I oould not, so there was nothing for it but to go for'ard to the main hatchway, which I did, Johnson keeping close beside me. I stood a moment shading my eyes and peering up through the blinding snow, then I rashly spoke. "There, you see," I said, "I tola you there was no one here." Hardly had the wordB left my lips when there came a deep hail from aloft. "tin deck, there," eaid the voice in deep, loud tones; " On deck, there." The suddenness and unexpectedness of the thing fairly took mv breath away, but I swear I was not afraid; there seemed nothing to be afraid of. JonnBon gave a terrified ebont that bronght the watch tumbling out, and I was so dnmbfoundered I could say no thing, bnt stood gazing aloft; and as we looked upwardB (there were at least twenty of us by this time! again there came the clear toned hail from above— " Chi deck there; on deok there." I don't know why there was suoh a disin clination among us to answer that hail. I am oertain I was not afraid, and on talking it over afterwards I found not one of the watoh considered they were at fink I had decided in my own mind, nniikely as it seemed, that one of the orew had ohoeen this inauspicious time for a lark, when again there oame the hail, alightly altered this time— " Below there," cried the mysterious voloe; " Ma God," said Chips, a Scotchman, " It sounds awfn' nncanny an' awesome. Will ye no answer, Mr. Wileon ?' I suppose I must have been more frightened than I carrd to own even to myaelf, for I found I had to brace np my courage before I could hail in reply. " Maintopsaiiyard there. Hallo." Baok came the answer almost at onoe. | " Stand from under." And 1 shouted in reply with more confi dence this time, "Ay, ay ; let fall." (Jn what happened afterwards I make no comment. I tell what I saw with my own eyee and heard with my own ears, Bimply and exactly jnst as it happened, but I attempt no explanation. To me it was a weird and awful occurrence suoh as had no parallel in my experience, but I cannot ex plain it. Almost as the words left my lips something dark appeared in the white haze above, something fell on deok with a orash that seemed to shake the ship from stem to Btem, and that at first sight ap peared an indistinguishable brown lump huddled np olose against the mainmast. At the same moment there oame a tremendous gust of wind that ssnt the ship over on her beem-ends, and made me fanoy for a moment we were gone for ever. But no, she righted herself; and then a strange thing happened, fifteen good, stauoh British sailors, to say nothing of five Dutch men, who arn't of much ^ account an^ way, ] can swear to it, else I had never dared write It, but as the ship righted herself we saw that all trace of the atorm had gone. A moment before and we bad been unable to see as far as the maintop for the bUnding enow, and the man at the wheel, and Indeed the whole of the poop, were entirely hidden by it; but now, not a minute later, every sign of storm and wind had passed away. It was still pieroingly oold, odder than ever I fancied, bnt there was not a breath of wind, the sea was smooth as glass, the horizon olear for miles away, and right overhead in the clear cold dark eky was the round bright silver moon, making with her rays the whole ship dear as day. Very beautiful looked the Prince Rnpert In the olear white moonlight. A phantom ship, she might have been manned by a phantom crew, for her decks, save for the aelkate tracery made by the shadows of her yards and riggings were white with snow; her masts, sails, yards, and every little rope and apar were encrusted with it We men who stood grouped round the main mast were white from head to toe, and there were but few dark shadows, for the moon was right overhead and the one or two sails that were set were flapping idly against the masts. No dark spot, did I say ? Yes, truly there was one olose at the foot of the main mast, right in the brilliant moonlight, a dark shadow that gradually as we gazed assumed shape and substance until olearly defined againBt the white mast and whiter deck we saw the form of a man olad in brown oilskins—oilskins on whioh, spite of the sur rounding whiteness, there wasnota particle of snow, but which were drenched through and through with water that triokled down on to the deck and seemed to be absorbed in the snow there. •' Ma God," eaid Chips, in a whisper—ha i setmtd to bate constituted himself spokes man to tho party—"ma God, it m'ann be .a ghaiat.", It was carious that none of the rest of ub spoke till the man at the wheel, old man-o'-war's man though he was,'abandoning the wheel and leaving the ship to drift idly where she liBted, crept np to me, and peeped over my shoulder. j "Lord help as," he eaid, la an awestruck whisper," it's Pat Mahoney.", like a flash it oame to nle that he was right. It was Pat—Pat Mahoney. Poor Pat, whom, Bave for that passing thought that very morning, 1 had not thought of lor ; nearly a year. " Pat," he whispered again. " Pat j Mahoney!" Then, gathering courage, he nfonneil Anfcfutiw ovnAnrmP «■ tlpai W La uaM I stepped oat from amongst as. "Pat," he said still in a whisper, addressing the dread figure In front of us, standing there so calm and Im rsrtnrbable in the brilliant moonlight, "Pat, never done ye no harm, my lad, aid I now, Pat ? It isn't me ye've oome to haunt?" And solemnly and quietly, as if in answer, the awful figure he had called Pat Mahoney shook its head. One by one we stepped out and asked the same question—even I, the offioer of the watch—and all in turn reoetved the same solemn answer. One by one wa asked it, and just as we bad finished the skipper came on deck. "May I be eternally smashed. Mister," he began angrily as he saw the deserted poop and the little group for'ard. " What, the tarnation" — then he joined us, the words froze on his lips and the situation seemed to dawn on him without any explanation of ours. . " Pat 1" he asked as gravely as the rest of us had done. " Pat, Pat, 'twasn't me," and then as the figure eolemnly ehcok its head he passed the word to call the atarboard watoh and the second mate. One by one they tumbled np, first growling and wrathful at having their rest disturbed, but sobered and awed once they understood what they had been called for. One by one they put the same question, and one by one received the £*ma answer, even to the idlers, the oook, and the stewurd. "Are we all here?" asked the skipper, glancing round. " No, by the 'taraal, where's the bo'6un ?" I ran below, relieved to escape even for a moment from that awful presence, and found Jjan'cl Scott sleeping calmly in his bunk. Taking him by the shoulder I shook him bard. "Rouse out! Bouse out!" I said, "we want you on deck." By the dim light of the oil lamp Whioh bung from the deck above I saw the wonder ing look in hiB sullen eyes, for a boatswain on a merchant ship works all day and sleeps all night, and if he is wanted the chief officer does not as a rule rush into his oabin and pull him out. ■' House out!" I said again, " Rouse out!" and without a word he got up sullenly, put on hiB oilskins, and followed me on deck and joined the other hands. Withont a word being spoken on either side they parted to let us pass, and together we stood before that awful figure in the brilliant light of the full moon. Not as the others had done did the bo'eun. He asked no question, made no movement, only stared at the figure with a face whioh, weather-beaten as it was, paled to gbaBtliness. Then for the first time it raised itB arm and pointed at the bo'aun; no word it spoke, gave no other eign; but graven on my mind was the old-time aoousation of Scripture, "Thou art the man," and then even as we gazed the apparition was no longer there. It did not fade away ordisappear gra dually. Onemoment we were gazing at it with ail our eyes and' the next, though I tor one could have aworn I had never taken my eyes off it, it was gone. The bo'enn stared for a second at the vacant space at the foot of the mast, and then with a wild Bhriek that rang in my ears for daya after, sprang on to the bnlwarks, and before any man. oonld stop bim, into the calm, still sea below. We all stood paralyzed, and then the Yankee skipper collected his scattered senses and shouted, "Clear away the starboard lifeboats; slick, now—slick, yea lubbers!" We were slick, and in lesB than ten minutea the boat was launched; but search as we would—and we searched with a will—we oould nowhere find a trace of the boa'aa. It was light as day, the sea was calm as a tniUpond, but, excellent swimmer as he was, -he had vanished completely. Still we would not give up hope, and pulled about for about an near; then, a faint breeze springing up from the west, the skipper recalled us, and we set sail and resumed our voyage. The skipper entered in the log that the bo'aun had oommitted Buiolde by jumping overboard in lat. 57° 52', long. 72° 20', ana wo found on comparison that so far had we been Mown out of our oouwo—for Bhips returning round the Horn hug the shore, while those outward bound go more to the south'ard—that it was the very place to within three minutes where we had lost over board poor Pat Mahoney. Of the strange events that had preceded the bo'eun'a death he made no mention ; be eould give no expia tion of them, and how oonld he send suoh a wild story to the underwriters ? They would certainly have thought it the log of a raving lunatic, therefore he suppressed them alto gether. Only the crew of the Prince Rupert are convinced that they saw faoe to face the ghost of Pat Mahoney, and they firmly believe that on the awfnl night of July 8, 1886, the bo'aun, nnder cover of the darkness Influenced by a fierce desire to be revenged, on the man who had supplanted him, but. more probably by the Flying Dutohman, had out the reef-earring and so oaused his death. The difference in the latitude where Mahoney was lost and where his ghost appeared they explain by supposing that the skipper might have been a little out in his reckoning, whioh. after all, is not unlikely. For myself, I believe and shall believe to my dying day In the ghost I saw that stormy night on board the Prince Rupert. Trying to do business withont advertising Is like winking at a pretty girl through a pair of green goggles. You may know what you are doing, bnt no one else does. A lawyer one day pleading before him, and using several times the expression " My un fortunate client," Lord Ellenborough sud denly interrupted him, "There, sir, the Court 1 is with you." Blunt Docks:—Dumley (who has been asked to carve the duck and is meeting with poor success, " Whey!" Landlady ; " Isn't the knife sharp, Mr. Dnmley I had it ground to day?" Dumley: "The duok is all right, Mrs. Hendricks, you ought to have had the duck ground." A gentleman who has for several years boon in the enviable eitnation of a parly to a suit In Chancery lately asked his solicitor how long he would have to wait for. the decision of the Lord Chancellor. "Wait for the deci sion of the Lord Chancellor ?" said the lawyer sarcastically; "why, till the day of judg ment, to be sure," 