.DEAD MAN'S ROCK. THE FINDING OF TTHE GREAT RUBY. iA Roxaiona xi Q. BOOK II. : CHAPTER X. (CO?NTxUED:)u I TEi'lIN WHAT MANNER I LEABNT THE ?'B "ECBEE OF THE GREdT KEY. '1vColUver must have read my thoughts, foa ?iolbked steadily at me out of those dark of his, and then said very slowly and iberately: a Mr: Trenoweth, it grieves me to taunt yuir miserable case, but do you mind my dar?nig that you are a fool ? :I-etmply stared in answer. -'Your father was a fool-a pitiful fool; andl-ou are a fool. Which would lead me, did I not know better, to believe that your gandfather, Amos Trenoweth, was a fool aso. 'Tsould wrong him if I called him that. He was a villain, a black-hearted, iifurderoue, cold-blooded, damnable villain ; uit: he'was only a fool for once in his life, and that.was when ho trusted in the sense of hia dasceaodants.' * HiiR voice, as he spoke of my grandfather, ' srauddenly shrill and discordant, while his eyes blazed up in furious wrath. In a econd. or two, however, he calmed himself 4gain and went on quietly as before. " You wonder, pernape, why I call you a fool. It is because you have lived for four tens years with your hand upon riches that would make a king jealous, and have never hid'the sense to grasp them; it is because you have shut your eyes, when you might 'have seen, have been a beggar when you might have ridden in a carri age. Upon my word, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when I think of your folly I have half a mind to be dog-sick wibh'you myself.' "What could the men mean? What was this clue'which I had never found ? ' And all the time it was written upon this key here, as large as life; not only that, but, to leave you no excuse, Amos Trenoweth actually told you that it'was written here.' ' Whatdo you mean !' stammered I, forced into speech at last. Ah, so you have found your voice, have you What do I mean! Do you mean to say you do not guess even now ! Upon my word I am loth to kill so fair a foo.' He regarded me for a moment with pitying contempt, then stretched out his hand and •took up my grandfather's key. ' I read here,' he said, 'written very dlearlypand distinctly, certain words. You saflst'know those words ; but I will repeat them toyou to refresh your memory " Thy house is set upon the sands; and thy hopes by a dead man." ' ' Well? I asked, for-fool that I was- even .yet I did not understand. 'Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, did you never hear tell of such a place as Dead Man's Rock .' The truth..she whole horrible certainty of It, struck me an one great ware, and rushed over my bent head as with the whirl and roar of many waters. ' Dead Maie's Rock-Dead Mare's Rock i' It sang in my ears as it swept me off my feet for a momeno and passed, leaving ms, to Lino and batile in the gulf of boijftmleesdespair. And then, as it 1 really drowne i, my past life, with all its follies, mistakes, wrecked hopes, and baseless dreams, shot swiftly past in one long train Agaii I saw my mother's patient, anxious smile, my father's drowned face, with the salt drops tricitling from his golden hair, the struggle on the rock, the inquest, the awful faceat the window, the corpses of my nareuts stretched eine by side upon the bed, the scene of the gambling-hell with all its white and desperate flaces, Claire, my lost love, the river, the theatre, Tom's death, and that last dreadfal scene, Francesca with the dark blood easting her white dress and trickling down ai-m the boards. I tried to put my ande before my eyes, but the cords held and out my armsd like burning steel. Then in a flash I seemed to be striding madly up and dgwn Oxford street, while still in froutof me danced a?id flew the yellow woman, her every disainio flashing in the gas-light, her cold, biack eyes, as they tarned and mocked me, blasSng marsh.lights of doom. Then came the' ringing of many bells in my eare;'-mioeled with silvery laughter, as though the fihnds were ringing jubilant peals within tbe pit. ;Prestutly the eights grew dim and died away, but the chiming laughter still con thnaed. .looked up. It was Colliver laugbing, and hisfac~c was thabt of an arch-devil It does me good so see you,' he erclaimed ; ·:oh yes, it in honey to my soul. F ol,:and a thonsand times fool I that ever I should have fived to'triomph thus over yu and your aso c?Used house.' ' COnce more his voice grew shrill and his s4lds flahed; once more he collected him self. '!You shall hear it out,' he said. ' Look here,' and he pulled a greasy book from his "o ket ' Here is anautical almanac Woat day is it? December 2.3, or rather some time In the morning or 24th December, Christmas Eve. On the evennmg of 24th December it is fall moon, and dead low water at Falmouth about 1130 p.m. Fate-do you believe in fate, Mr. Trenoweth !-could not have chosen the time better. In something under twenty hours one of us will have his hanus upon the treasure. Which will it be, eh which will it be ?' Well I knew which it would be, and the knowledr was bitter as gall. SA merry Chrie mae, bir. Jasper Treno weth. Peace on earch and goodwill--. You will bear no malice by that rime. Si a merry Christmas, and a merry Christmas.box. Likewise the ac mpliments of tn'r season, and a happy New Year to you I Where are you going to spend Christmas, Mr Trenowethb,eh lamthinklng if passiu it by the sea. Yon will Ierhaps try the sea, too, only you will be IN irt Tnumes runs swiftly when it has acorpee f~cargo.. Oho !, S bl.r d', ed lip the merry mro1 'Ips For sO' krs t .a hi, sw.sthesrt stole, my lads-. '. ' Slair bel fifo the hll kshL I to I l .-'I'm afrrid no bell will toll for you, "r. Teuuiweth; not yet awhile, at any .ate. No till your sweetheart is weary of \- ea.thn- d.il hai gi li. das. my lads lins ho. hlt he waits fir uo I SBoth waiting for you. Mr Trenoweth goursweetheari and the devil. Which shall 1tve'Lou? Li©? hieel, yuii 'uuild say. Lbie tinm not so sue I By the way, ,mnih' I t?w'. " g.oe, so your sweetheourt's name might tIkagin with at Oa? Might she be a amos tactess? Cl alire, pervhas, she calls 'herself ? Abe Clalre'e erretty eyes will go ted with cwatching befire she seia 'hem on you agaln. Fie on you to keep so sweet amalnten waiting. Anrd where 5lllyou blell the time, Mr. Jasper Treunowreth ?' He etopried at last, massrred by his fero dty and almost panting. Baut I, for the nound .OtClaire' name had maddened me, broke outl 'in fury : SDo?.tesod devil I I shall be lying with all 'the hther victims of your acnured life. IDead as my fther whom yiu foully murdero within ergot of bis, horns; diad as thise other poor creaturee you slew upon the BIllo uooe; ;dead as my ltiher, whose pure •tlhisn fled at sight of your internal face, hese very life fled at elebh of your handl. work; dead as Joihn Rileon, whom you stabbed to deata upon--' r unsub, an. eauwevh., As tor your ravings, I love to.beatsthem, and could listen by the hour, did not-time press, But I cannot have. you ,talking .so '.loudly, you understand ;' and he toyed gently with his knife; ' also remember, I must be at Dead Man's Rook by half-past 11 to-night.' '.?iend V' I continued, ' you can kill me, Ifyou likei.but I will count your crimes with my lust breath. Take my life na you took my friend Tom Loveday's life-Tom, whom you' knifed .in the dark, mistb?king him for me. Take it as you took Claire e's, if eover man--' SClairo-Claire dead I' He staggered back a step, and almost at the Eame moment I thought I caught asound on the other aide of the partition at my back. I listened for a moment, then concluding that my care had played me some trick, went on again : ' Yea. dead. She killed herself to- night at the theacre-stabbed herself. Oh, God I , Do you think I care for your knife now? Why, I was going to kill myself-to drown myself at the very moment when I heard your voice and came on board. I came to kill you. Make the most of it-show me no mercy, for as there is a God in Heaven, I would have shown you none.' What was that sound again on the other side of the partition? Whatever it was, Cot. liver had not heard, for he was -musing darkly, and lookiog fixedly as me. 'No, I wli show you no mercy,' he answered quietly, ' or I have sworn to show no mercy to yourrace, and you are the last of it. But listen, that for a fewmomenta before you die you may shake off your smug com placenoy and learn what this wealth is, and what kind of brood you Treno eths are. Dog I The treasure that lies by Dead Man's Rock is treasure weighed with dead men's curses, and stained with dead men's blood-wealth won by black piracy on the high seas-gold for which many a poor soul whlked the plank and found his and in the deep waters, It is treasure sacked from many a gallant ship, stripped from many a rotting corpse by that black hound, your gr.nd father, Amos Trenoweth. You guessed that? Let me tell you more. 'There is many a soul crying in heaven and hell for vengeance on your race; but your. death tonight, Jasper Trenoweth, shall be the yeculiar joy of one. Youguessed that your grandfather had crimes upon his soul ; but you did not guess the blackest crime on his account-the murder of his dearest friend. Listen. I wit be brief with you, but I cannot spare myself the joy of letting you know this much before you die. Know then, that when your grandfather was a rich man by this friend's aid-after, with this friend's help, he had laid hands on the secret of the Great Ruby for which for many a year he had thirsted, in the moment of his triumph, he turned and slew that friend in order to keep the Ruby to himself. ' That fool, your father, kept a Journal- which, no doubt, you have read over and over again. Did be tell you how I caught htm on Adam's Peak, sitting with this Olasp in his hands before a hideous graven stone ? That stone was cut in ghastly mockery of that friend', face ; : the bones that lay be. neath it were the bones of that friend. There, on that very spot where I met your father, face to face, did his father, Amos CrenowetO, strike down my father, Ralph Colliver. ' Ah, light is beginning to dawn on your silly brain at last. Yes, pretending to pro tect the old priest, who had the Ruby, he stabbed my father with the very knife found in your father's heart, stabbed him before his wife's eyes on that little lawn upon the mountain aide; and, when my helpless mother called vengeance upon him, handed the still reeking knife to her and bade her do her worst. Ab, but she kept that knife. Did you mark what was engraved upon the blade ? That knife had a good memory, Mr, Jasper Trenoweth. ' Let me go on. As if that deed were not foul enough, he caused the old priest to carve-being skilful with the chisel-that vile distortion of his dead friend's face outof a huge boulder lying by, and then murdered him too for the Ruby's sake, and tumbled their bodies into the trough together. Such was Amos Trenoweth. Are you proud of your descent? ' I never saw my father. I was not born unit three months after this, and not until I was ten years old did my mother tell me of his fate. ' Your grandfather was a fool, Jasper Tree noweth, to despise her; for she was young then and she oauld wait. She was beautiful then, and Amos Trenoweth himself had loved her. What is she now? Speak, for you have seen her.' As he spoke I seemed to see again that yellow face, those awful, soulless eyes, and hear her laugh as she gazed down from the box upon my dying love. ' Ab, beauty goes. It went for ever on that day when Amos Trenoweth spat in her face and taunted her as she clung to the boey of her husband. Beauty goes, but revenge can wait; to-night it has come; to night a th .usand deal men's ghosts shall be glad, and point at your body as it goes tossing out to sea Tonight-but let me tell the rest in a word or two, for time presses. How I was brought up, how my mad mother-for she is mad on ev ry point bus one--rained me to the sea, how I left it at length and became an attorney's clerk, all this I need not dwell upon. But all this time the thought of revenge never left me for an hour; and it it had, my m ,ther would have recalled it. ' Well, we settled in Plymouth, and I was bound a clerk to your grandfather's attorney, still wi'b the same purpo'e. There I learnt of Amos Tre,,oweth's affairs, but only to a certain extent ; for of the wealth which he had so bloodily won I could discover nothing, and yet I grnaw that he possessed riches which make the heart fain, even to think upon. Yet for all I could discover, his poe eeseioos were simply those of a straggling farmer, his business absolu'ely nothing. I was almost desperate, when one day a tall, gaunt and aged man stepped into the office, asked for my employer, and gave the name of Amos Tr.nowoth. Oh, ho I longed to kill him as he atood there 1 And how little did he guess that the clerk of whom he took no more notice than of a stone, would one day strike his des?endants off the face of the earth and inherit the wealth for which he had sold his soul-the great Ruby of Caeylon I ' My voicw trembled with hate as I an nounced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door andliesened. e wads uueasy about his wdill-the fool- and did not know hat all his possessions would tecess.rilf beome hi, son's. In my heart I laugned at his ignorance; but I learnt enoih- enoogh to wait patiently for yenre, and finally to track Ezekiel Trenoweth to his death. ' It was about this time that I fell in love. In this as in everything through life I have been curased with the touleet lanck; but in this as in everything else my patience has won in the end. Lucy Luttrell loved another man called Ratlton-John Railfon. He was anohrber fool-you are all fools-bat she marrie? him and had a daughter. I wonder if iou can guess who that daughter was ' Hie broke off and looked at me with fiendish maer.e. ' You hound I' I cried.' she was Janet Railton--Claire Luttrell; and you murdered . her father as you say Amos Trenoweth murderotl yours.' 'Right.' he answered, coolly. ' Quite right. Oh, the arts by which I enticed that man to drink nud then to crime I Even now I could sit and laough over them by the hour. VWhy,. men, there was not a touch of guilein the fellow when [ took him in hand, and yet ir, wase he that ,afterwards took your fa her's life. He tried it onoce in Bombay and bungled it sally ; he did it neatly enough, hounb, on the jtbboom of the Bslle Fortune. Ilent him the knife; I would have dane it myself, bat Railton was nearer; and besidei iris always better to be a witness.' What wis that rustling sound behilid the partltion! Colliver did not hear it, at any rate, but aent on with his tale, and thoush is eyes were dancing flames of hate his voice was cali now as ever. ' ad t?tlen half the Cleasp beforehand from th cabin floor where that stupendous idiot, Ezekiel T,.noweth, had dropped it. Rltltoo caught him before he dropped, but I did nob kiow he had time to not the box away. for inst then a' hauge wave broke over ns and before the next we both jumped for she Rock I Ihounght that Ilttllto, must have bhou sucked back, for I only olung o, myaell "y thb laokle.t chance. It, wars pitch dark ansd impossible to ee. I called his name, but he either cou'd not hear for the roar, or did ntt choo.e r, answer, so after a bit I stopped. I thought him dead, and he no doubt thiught mo deal, until we met upon Dead Man's Rock. * Shall I finish ? Oh, yes, you shall hear the whole story. After the inquest I e'caped oanck t Plymouth, told Lucy that her hues band had lien drowned at sea, and finally persunaded her to leave Plymouth and marryr me. So I triumphed there, too; oh, yeos, I bavs tritmphed throughout.' 'Yiu houud I'.l I cried. lIn laughed a low musicel laugh and went on again--- 'Ah, yeu, yOu are angry, of course; bt t let that pass. I have one account to settle with you Trenowethe, and that is enoagh for me. Three time. have I bad you in my' power? r. Jaepier Teo idetti-iehree sa iedm1ie t'?ou'-and let you escape;:c'Ohioe beneathi Dead Man's Rock when I had my fingere'oh; your oung weaesand' and was stopped by those cursed flhermen. '. Idiots that, they were, they thought the aight of me had frightened you and mdde you faint. Faint 1 You' would have been,:dead in another half minute. How I laughed in .my sleeve while that uncle of yours was trying to make me understand-me-what was my name then ? oh, ay, Georgio Rhodojani. However, you escaped that time ; and once more yen hardly guessed how near you were to death, when I looked in at the window on the eight after the inquest. Why, in my mind I was tossing up whether or not I should murder you and your white-faced mother. I should have done so,. but thought you might hold some knowledge of the secret. after your..meeting with Railton, so that it seemed better to bide my 'time.' ' If it be any satisfaction to you,' I inter rupted, ' to know that had you hilled me then you would never have laid hands on that Clasp ponder, you are welcome to it.' It is,' he answered. ' I am glad I did not kill you both ; it left your mother time to see her dead husband, and has given me the pleasure of killing yoen now; the treat im proves with keeping. Well, let me go on, After this I was forced. to leave the country. for some time-' 'For another piece of villainy, which your wife discovered.' 'How do you know that? Oh, from Olaire, I suppose; however, it does not matter. When I came back I found you, found you, and struck again. But again my cursed luck stood in my way, and that \-- friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at this mark on my cheek.' 'Look at the Clasp and you will see where your blow was struck.' ' Ah, that was it, was it!' he said, ex amining the Clasp slowly. ' I suppose youea thought it lucky at the time. So it was-tor me. For, though I made another mistake in the fog that night, I got quits with your friend at any rate. I have chafed often enough at these failures, but it has all come right in the end. I ought to have killed your father upon Adam's Peak; but he was a big man, while I had no pistol and could not afford to risk a mistake. Everything, they say, comes to the man who can wait. Your father did not escape, neither will you, and when I think of thejoy it was to me to know that you and Claire, of all people--' But I would hear no more. Mad as I was with shame and horror for my grandfather's cruelty, I knew this man, notwithstanding his talk of revenge, to be a vile and treacher. one scoundrel. So whenhe spoke of Claire I burst forrh ' Dog, thi' is enough! I havo listened to your tale. But when you talk of Claire Claire whom you killed to-night--then, dog, I spit upon you; kill me, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed me; kill me ; use your knife, for I WILL shout-' With a dreadful snarl he was on meand emote me across the face. Then as I con. tinned to call and shout, struck me one fearful blow behind the ear. I remember that the dim lamp shot onut a streak of blood red flame, the cabin was lit for one brief instant with a flash of fire, a thousand lights darted out, and then-then came utter black. ness-a vague sensation of being caught up and carried, of plunging down-down. CHAPTER XI. AND LAST. TELLS now AT LAST I FOUND MY REVENGE AND THIE GREAT RUBY. 'Speak- speak to me! Oh, look up and toell me you are not dead.' Down through the misty defiles and dark gates of the Valley of the Shadow of Death came these words faintly as though spoken far away. So distant did they seem that my eyes opened with vague expectation of another world; opened and then wearily closed again. For at first they stared into a heaven of dull grey, with but a shadow between them and colourless space. Then they opened once more, and then the shadow caught their attention. What was it? What was I, and how came I to be staring upward so? Ilet the problem be, and fell back into the easeful lap of unconsciousness. Then the voice spoke again : ' He is living yet,' it said. 'Oh, if he would but speak I' This time I saw more distinctly. Two eyes were looking into mine-a woman's eyes. Where had I Eeen that face before! Surely I had known it once in some other world. Then somehow over my weary mind stole the knowledge that this was hire, Luttrell-or was it Claire? No, Claire was dead. ' Olire dead !' I seemed to repeat to myself; but how dead or where I could not recall. 'Cla?re dead !' then this must be her motner, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was lying bore, with Claire's mother bending over me. How came we so? What had happened, that -and once more the shadow of oblivion swept down and enfolded me. She was still there, kneeling beside me, chating my hands, and every now and then speaking words of tender solicitude. How white her hair was I It used not to be so white as this. And where was I lying! Ina boat? How iny head was aching ! Thenremembrancecame back. Strange to tell, it began with Claire's death in the theatre, and thence led downward in broken and interrupted train until Colliver's face suddenly started up before me, and I knew I all. I raised myself on my elbow. My brain was throbbing intolerably, and every pules. tion seemed to shoot fire into my temples. Also other bands of fire were clasped about my arms and wrists. So acutely did they born that 'I fell back with a low moan and looked helplessly at hire. Luttrell. Although it had been snowing, her bonneet was thrust back from hier face and hung by t its ribbons which were tied beneath her chin. The breeze was playing with her di.. ordered hair--har now white as the snow. Ilakes upon it, though grey when last I had seen it-but it brought no colour to her face. As she bent over me to place her I shawl beneath my head, I saw that her blue eyes were strangely bright and prominent. ' Thank God, you are alive I Does the 1 bandage pain you! Can you move !' I feebly put my hand up and felt a hand. kerchief bound round my head. 'I was afraid-oh, so afraid I--that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I I got down into your boat-in time-and with out his seeing me. I knew what be would do-I was listening behind the partition all the time; but I was afraid he would kill you first.' 'Then-you heard !' 'I heard all. Oh, if I were only a man baut can you stand! Are you better now! For we must lose no time.' I weakly stared at her in answer. 'Don't you see! If you can stand and walk, as I pray you can, there is no time to be lost. Morning is already brea~king, and by this evening you mast catch him. 'Catch him ?' ' Yes, yes, He has gone-gone to catch the first tramn for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Rock tonidht. Quick l see if you cannot rise.' I sat up. The water had dripped from me, forming a great poqil at oour end of the boat In it she was kneeling, and beside her lay a heavy knife and the cords with which Simon Colliver had bound me. ' Yes,' I said, ' I will follow. When does the first train leave Paddington ?' ' At a quarter.panst 9.' he answered,' nand it is now about half peast 5. You have time to catch it; but must disguise yourself firec. le will travel by it; there is no train before. Come, let me row you ashore.' With this she untied the painter, got out the sculls, set down upon the thwarts oppo. site, and began to pull desperately for shore. I wondered at her strength and ekill with the oar, 'Ah,' she said, 'I see at what yon are wondering Remember that I was a sailor's wife once, and wtthout strength how should I have dragged you on board this boat!' ' low did you manage it?' 'I cannot tell. I only know that I heard a splash as I waited under the bowe there, and then began with my hbands to feeood the boat around the schooner for dear life. I had to be very silent. At first I could see nothing, for It was dark towards the shore; bur I cried to Heaves to spare you for ven' uoance on that man, and then I saw some. thing black lying across the warp, and knew it was'you, I gave a strong push. then rushed to the bows and caught you by the hair. I got yon round by the stern as gently as I could, and then pulled y n on board somuhow--Io cannot remember exactly how I did it.' ' Did he see you ?' 'No, for he must have gone below dirootly. I rowed under the shadow of the lighter to which we were tied munt now, and a' I did eo, thought I bard him calling me by name lie must have forgotten meo and tthen suddenly remembered teat as yet I had not gvoen him the money. HIowever, presently I heard him gertting into his boat and rowing ashore. 11e came quite close to ns --so close that 1 could hear him curesog, and arouched down in the shadow for fear of my'life. But he passed on, and got out at the stove yonder, It easn snowing at the time, aid that helped me.' SShe pulled a etrkbehi. two .in silence, and then cOntias sed .?- . 'L° ' . ' " . 'When liou'wered i" eb 'cabin together, I was listening. At one point I thick I must have fainted; but it cannot have been for long, for when I came to myself you were still talking about John Railton.' I remember the sound which I had heard, and almost in spite of myself asked, a You beard.abdnt-' ' OCaire Yes, I heard.' She nodded simply but her eyes sought mine, and in them was a gleam that made me start. Just then the boa touched atea mouidriug ilight of stairs, crnsted with green opzes to high water mark, and covered now with snow. She made fast the boat. This was the way ho'went,' she mattered. ' Track him, track him to his death I spare him no single pang to make that death miserable.' Her low voice positively trembled with concentrated hate. ' Stay,' she said, 'have you money ' I suddenly remembered that I had given all the money on me to Bagoall for getting out my boat,and told, her so. At the same moment, too, I thought upon the tin box still lying under the boat's stern. I stepped aft and pulled it out. SHere is money,' dhe said ; ' money that I was to have given him. Fifty pounds it is, in notes. Take it all.' ' Bt you ?' I hesitated. 'Never mind me. Take it-take it all. What do I want with money if you only kill him? ' I bentand kissed her hand, ' As Heaven is my witness,' I said, it shall be his life or mioe. The` soulof one of us shall never see to-morrow.' Her hand was cold as ice, and her pale face never cdlfnged. ' Kill him,' she said, simply. I turned, and climbed the stops. By this time day had broken, and the east was streaked with angry flushes of crimson. The wisd swept throug my dripping clothes and froze my aching limbs to the marrow. Up the river came floating a heavy pall of fog, out of which the masts showed like grisly skeletons. The snow storm has not quite ceased, and a stray flake or two came brush nog acroas my face. So dawned my Christmas Eve ! As I gained the top, I turned to look down. She was still standing there, watching me. Seeing me look, she waved her arms, and I heard her hoarse whisper, ' Kill him I Kill him I Kill him I' I left her standing so, and turned away; but in the many ghosts that haunt my solitary days, not the least vivid is the phantom of this whi e-haired woman on the tblck and silent river, eternally beckoning, '?Kill him I' I found myself in a yard strewn with timber, spare and refuse, half hidden beneath the snow. From it a flight of rickety stone steps led to a rotting door, and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, pondering on my next step. Not a soultwae abroad so early ; but I must quickly get a change of eluthee somewhere ; at present I stood in my torn dress trousers and soaked shirt. "I passed up the street, my shoeless feet making the first prints in the newly. fallen snow. Toe first? No; for when I looked more closely I saw other footprints, already half obliterated, leading up the street. These must be Simon Colliver'e. I followed them for about a hundred yards past the shattered windows. Soddenly they turned into a shop door, and then seemed to leave it again. The shop was closed, and above it hung three braes balls, each covered now with a enowv cap, Above, the blinds were drawn down, but on looking again, I saw a chink of light between the shatters. I knocked. After a short panes, the door was opened. A red.eyed, villainous face peered out, and seeing me, grew blank with wonder. SWhat do you want ?' inquired at length the voice belonging to it. ' To buy a fresh suit of clothes. See, I I have fallen into the river.' Muttering something beneath his breath, the pawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the shop. It was a dingy nest, fitted up with the usual furniture of such a place. The one dim candle threw a ghostly light on chairs, clocks, compassees, trinkets, saucepans, vwatchee, piles of china, and suinte of left-offclothes arrayed like rows of suicides along the wall. A general air of decay hang over the den. Immediately opposite me, as I entered, a stuffed parrot, dropping slowly into dust, glared at me with one malevolent eye of glass, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the counter, poked out his tongue in a frenzy of malignity. But my eye wandered past these, and was fixed in a moment upon some. thing that glittered upon the counter. That something was my own watch. Fol.oaIng my gaze, the man gave me a quick, suspicions glance, hastily caught up toe watch, and was bestowing it on one of die shelves, when I said Where did you get' that ?' ' Quite innocently, sir, I swear. I bought it of a gentleman who came in just now, and would not pawn it. I thought it was his, so that if you belong to the Force, I hope--' " Gently, my friend," said I; ' Iam not in the police, so you need not be in such a fright. Nevertheless, that watch is mine; I can tell you the number, if you don't believeit.' He pushed the watch across to me and said, still greatly frightened ' I am sure you may see it, sir, with all my heart. I wouldn't for worlds-' 'What did you give for its! He hesitated a moment, and then, as greed overmastered fear, replied 'Fifteen pounds, eir; and the man would not take a penny less. Fifteen good pounds I I swearit, as I am alive !' Although I saw that the man lied, I drew out three five-poned notes, laid them on the table, and took my watch. This done, I said 'Now I want you to sell me a suit of clothes, and aid me to disguise myself. Ohberwiee--' ' Don't talk, sair, about "otherwise." I'm sare I shall be only too glad to rig you out to catch the thief. You can take your pick of the suits here; they are mostly seamen'se,'to be sure; but you'll find others as well. While, as for disguises, I flatter myself for getting up a face- Here he stopped suddenly. ' How long has he been gone! ' About balf an hour beforeyoun?came. But nodoubt you know wherehe'd be likely to go; and I won't be more than twenty minutes setting you completely to rights.' In less than half an hour afterwardesI eteppedout into the street so complteily disguised that none of my friends-that is It I had possessed a friend, in the world-would have secognised me. I had chosen a selor's enit, that being the character I knew mpyself beat able to susetain. My pale face had turned to a bronze.red, while over its smoothly. shaven surface now grew the roughest of untrimmed -bearde. Snow was falling still, so that Colliver's footprints were entirely obliterated. But I wanted them nolonger. Hewould be at Paddington, I knew; and accordingly I turned my feet in that direc tion, and walked rapidly westward. My chase had begun. I had before me plenty of time in which to reach Paddington, and the ex-rcise of walking did me good, rernaxing my siffenedl limbs until at length I scarcely felt the pain of the weals where the cords had caut me. It was snowing perslatently, bat I hardly noticed tas Through the chill and sullen morning I held doggedlly on my way, past St. Katherine's Wharf, the Tower, through Geacechurch street, and out into St. P'aul'e Churchyard. Traflic was already beginning here, and thickened as I passed down Ludgate Hill and climbed up to Holborn. Already the white snow was being churned and trodden into hideous slush in which my feet lipped and stumbled, Mfy coat and sailor's cap were covered with powdery Ilkes, and I had so hold my head down for fear lest the drifting molsture should wash any of the colouring off my face. So my feet carried me ooco more into Oxford street. How well remembered was every house, every lamp poet, every tlog of the pavement almost 1 I was on my last quest now. ' To-night I to.night I' whiepared me heart ; then came back the words of Claire's mother-' KLill him) Kill him ' and still I trimped westward, as weshward lay my revenge. Suddenly a haneom cab eliot past. It came up sllently on the slushy street, and i' was only when it woe close behind that I heard the muflled sonod of its wheels. It was early yet for cabs, so that I turned my head at the sound. It passed in a flsh, and gave me hut a glimpse of tho occupant; "ut in that moment I had time to catch sight of a pair of eyes, and know now that my journey would not he in vain. They were the eyes of SBimon Colliver. So tho in Orford street, after all, I had met him. He was cleverly disguised--?el guessed by the same hands that had painted my own face, and looked to the casual eye but nn ordinarphabman, But art could not changethose marvellous eyes, and I knew him in an instant My heart leapt wildly for a moment-my bands were clenched and my tooth shut tight; hut the next I was plodding after him as before. I conuld wait 0 0 to cmnruesaUD,) 