A SAILOR’S LUCK. (NSW YORK SDN. f For two week*, upon a certain ocoasion, I ,J oc a Tar, able Seaman, belonging to the ^ort of Plymouth, and having soaroely been taught to road and write, *iut worth my millions. I had more olear treoanre nndar. my hands than would have bought j um ^**0*•• *ks Goulds, and the Vander combined. It is a enrious story, and though I o-u tell it only in a plain, seilor ,**M°n, " m*v be of interest. .The Straits of Malaooa, as yon all know, is that narrow body ol water between the island of Sumatra and the Malay peninsula. Bsyond aro tbs Java Sea, the islands of Java and Borneo, and if ypu sail far enough you will bring up at New Guinea. As yon enter the atralts from the oprth-wesl yoa have Ao'ieen head on tbs right, being the bntt end of Sumatra, and "Bang Island On the left, this latter lying off tbs Malay oosst, and being for years the rendezvous of pirates. Up to 1858-9, a dhloh time British cruisers shelled tbl island so often and so vigorously »s to kill off even the monkeys, from 500 to 1,000 Malay pirates lived on Penang and preyed on the cAmmeroa pissing through the ttrsiti. They bid a sort of government of Iboir own, a fleet of fifty light craft, and they often sailed 100 miles out into the Indian Ocean in search of merchant vessels. Jn those days nearly every merchant vsasel carried an armament and extra men, sad a tassel with pirates was oonn ed on with as mnoh certainly as a change of ( weather. Between 1855 and 1858 no Ices ! than thirteen Eogll>h vessels were captured within fifty miles of Penang Island. Include in ^bi- list chose taken from tbo Americans, French, and Germans, and the total Dumber would be at least twenty-fivs. In 1856 tbo piratat attacked a Russian corvette whioh had anchored in the straits to repair dumsgss, and although she finally beat them off, It waa only after a oonfiiot in whiab she lost half bar crew. They became SO bold b-fore they were driven oat that nothing waa too big for them to attack, and they were utterly reckless as to danger. Well, sirs, in the summer of 18551 was a foremast hand on the Liverpool ship Castle Groat, bound Ihsoogh tbestrsits and beyond, and we cams within sight of Acheen Head witbont having noted a suspicious ersfv We had six aannont, plenty of email arms, and a full erew on board, and for the last few days we bad been ready for anything wbloh.mlghttnrnop. loan rememb-rthat we rstber hoped for a scrimmage, for we kaew what a murdcrona set they were, and wan ed revenge, bat it was the opinion of the officers that we should go through with out a Shot. The pirate Beet seemed to b away'oa tome expedition, and the best glasses aboard failed to make onl anything of a sueploioue character. We came up with Acheen Head about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, aud Iho wind ell at oooe died away. The tide was against ae, and the ehlp woe allowed to drive over within a mile of Penang Island beforo being hrought up with the aoobor on a sort oi middle groAnd, which gave the irons a good hold in five fathoms. It woe proposed to wail here for the tide to tarn sod for a larouting breeze, sa the ehsnnel waa Dot then thoroughly surveyed; but in leu than half aa hoar the oloads began to bank np, end itwaa seen that a storm waa at hand. Jast before sundown we got it from dead ahead, and it came with great fnry. The h-avtett gale oonld not have kicked np mnoh of t ees in that spot, and ae we had everything rang aloft, no one felt any nneulneee. Tea minntea after the storm ■truck ns, and while everybody but the Watch on deck was ondor shelter from the downpour of rain, I waa ordered out on the jlbboom to secore the flying jib, which had been oareleasly stowed. I felt aa safe ae I do thja moment sitting in my ohsir, bat I had not Vet pefo med my task when a sadden heave of her bows, accompanied by a shake to ‘larboard and port, at If the ihlp waB an angry horse, loosened my hold and dropped me into the boiling tea. One oan never tell jbae how theee thiogs occur, but personal care less new is at the bottom of them. I wai in the water before I realised i had let go my hold. It wai raining and blowing Ire mendonsly hard, and if I cried oat, which I have no recollection of doing, no one on deck beard It. I waa swept away from the ship in an instants Indeed wnm I fought my head above the foam, and sprang up id ■he water to look aronnd, the rain and spray bed bidden the ship from sight. I bad nodonbttbat I was driving straight ont into Ibe Indian Ocean, but I do not recall that I was frightened or in despair. Sailors take more olose ehavee than any other olaaa of men in the world, and as a rale they depend more on oak to tying them safely through. I turned on my baok, being a good swimmer, shipped as little water oa possible, and thanked my atari that the uproar had temporarily driven the sharks to deep water. In almost that very looation a year before I had seen a shark of each dimen sions alongside the ship thatevery one aboard had been called np <o view the monster, Hie length wet estimated at 32Tt, and he oonld have bitten a bollock in two at a snap. I fought off all thoughts of my peril, know ing that if I got rattled I ahonld go unde-, aad in about half an hour I felt rare that 1 heard the noise of waves breaking on shore. II wasn't five minutes later when I was driven over a coral reef outside ol Penang Island, and in five minutes more was on the beach itself. The list of the tide, aided by a current, had carried me to the pirates' headquarters Instead of ont into the ooean. The ttorm still held, making the afternoon aa dark at evening, and, though I hod esrefnliy husbanded my strength, and bad been in the water only half an boor, I ora«led np beyond the ran of the wavea and lay on my back a long time before I could walk about By that lima night bad let I", and there was little danger of my belog discovered unless I ran against eomebody. At tbii point the forest came down almost to the waters edge, end my Bret move was to get under oover. I had hardly moved back into tba woods when I beard voleea and knew that several mao were patrolling the suits Had I been three mlnntee later they would have foand me. The lota of a foremait hand to a ship with a full crew ia of little consequence— nothing to be compared to the lose of a sky- royal or a few lathomi of new tope In his case he la logged as gone overboard, and hie effects aro sold at auetion. In a week be ia forgotten, and the ehano-a aro that no one ever receives the back pay dae him. It a *ail i« loat, the mon* y to rep'ace It aomes out of,the owners pockets, and they may oritioise the seamanship cf the captain. I would be mUaed by the mate • Iter a few mluntes, and he would report that I had been shaken Into the sea and drowned. No boat would be cent ont alt r the storm abated, and no host would ooaat Penang Iiland oA the obance of my having reached it. The ship won d proceed cn her way ae soon ,as possible, and what ever was done for me mutt be done by About eleven o'oioek that night the storm abated, the sky eleared np, and a light wind o«m- not of the north-w* at to help the ship on her way through the straits I dlitlnatly h-aid them weighing the anchor, and but for f-ar of sharks would have swam out 'o her. 8ha waa loo far oil to make my voloe beard, wen had I dared ta raise it. As soan aa the rain and wind oleartd I heard voices plainly nnugb all round me, and a shout or two from ms would certainly have resulted In my discovery. Bodra'ggled, chilly, and iscon eotate, I wore the night away, and at the first signs of dawn I crowded further back inla the wooijs. . The Island to day i* mostly eleared, having been burned over several timet, bat at that date il was a s«lid forest. The troploal vegetation was needed by the pirates as a cover. They bad erected barracks and storehouses, and those w-re hi a natural opening about bait a mile below lha spot where I Was walked tahora. At that spot waa an dpenlng in tfce reef, with a natural hsrbonr. Before moving I looked for tba (hip sod ionnd her gone, and than I knew that I mutt depend aoblyjupoa my self to gat ont of the scrape y . . I went bask into tba danse woods for a mile baton soaring to a liilt, ~ Than wan parrots, aonhtya, aad Makea in plouiy, ami tho vegmulinn u-uk bo1 dor.?*: tb*it T could hardly penofra’n ft. T fcaw from th« first that theru wutj .»n n*tur.“ 1 dance of wild^ fruity and coooanuta, arm in I going tbo^mUo I oamu acroua two tinej »prlDgi. No matter how many people t litre •»oro on tho island, I stood a good chanoeof j Heaping them us long as 1 hold to tho I wo-da, for Ibero wore no beaten piths, and the tameness of the birds and monkoyr was proof that they had not boon much din*1 tarbod. The aun osme out hot after a whilo, and dried my clothes, and when I had picked up a breakfast I sat down to plan I bad been through tho straits several times, and I know that tho nar rowest part was at least 200 miles b?low me. Thero, opposite the islands ot tho north coast of Sumatra, the strait* wore j not over twenty miles wide, and the chanre ran within five miles of the Malay ooaefc If I I was to got off by way of a ship, I must find | and steal a craft of soma sort, and eiui r put to aoa or reach the mainland and follow j the co»*t down. I, however, failed to settle fully on any plan, and finally went j to sleep, and though the monkeys and parrots chattered in my oars, and a dozen snakes may have crawled over mo i 1 slept like a log for many hour?, and ! awoke to find the day nearly gone. I there- , fere hunted about for supper, hid myBelf I away in a lot of vinos, and put in another I night. Next marniug I had a narrow eao*pF, I was moving about in search of breakfast, I behsg now very sharp let, and had climb d j a tree to get at som» wild fruit, when I hoard a person making his way through the forest, and soon thereafter a Malay passed directly beneath mo. Ho was funatfnlJy dre»#ed, heavily armed, and, wlti-ont doubt, one of the pirates. He was moving cautiously, but not like one in scorch ui anybody, and altor a miuutcl dUiiuHed the fear which had arisen at sight of him, I had not been seen, and it w a hard»y posilble that my presence on tho inland was suspected. As may be supposed, I kept very quiet until the fellow had passed out of hearing What trou led mo mos was tho foot that he disappeared iu the direction I intended to take, thereby giving rise ;o the foar that there were settlement* on both aidqs of me. However, after about | on hour I headed down the island, and when I had gone a couple of mile* and found no break iu tho forest, I was somewhat rt ' assured. Tho country soon became very rough and ■*ony, and, although this rid me of tin thickets, I had to cross some ravines whhh tried my legs Exceeding.y. When I had crossed two I descended Into a third, and as it seemed to trend to t»»e east, which waa very nearly my direction, I followed it Instead of clambering out. At the wo* a rivulet, which probably i became a river after a long spell of wet weather. 1 kept a sharp look out around me, but there was not the slightest evidence that any one had ever passed that way be fore. After a walk of half a mile tho ravine bore off to tho left, and I selected a spot to olimb oat. It waa right among the thick bushes. In order that the noise I should make wonid frighten aw*y any lurking serpM.it and I bad drawn myself up about 15ft, when A boulder on which I stepped sank under my feet into the earth, and as I wont over backward I beard a smothered yell from the earth. I was terribly soared for a moment, and as I picked mveelf up I listened for a moment or two to fee if the sounds would be repeated. All was quiet however, and I seized a bush and palled myself up to where the stone had sunk. There was a hole in the earth as large as a bushel baskor, and I saw that a cave of some sort exi-ted below. It took five minutes of looking around to find it, as the mouth waa cun nlDgly hidden by vines, but as toon as I found it I knew that human beings had b*en there. It was a hole about 25ft long, And at the spot where the cave was it was 20ft high. I couM enter the mouth o ’y on hands and knees, and did not go far in until the light wblah Game down assured mo that it was vacant. And y*t was not. As I crept In to where the rock had crashed through I found that ii had fallen upon a msn — very probably the native I had seen early In tho" morn ing. Ho had been sitting down, and Iho big stone had fallen upon his head and crushed him out of shspe The yoll I heard was bis death ory. I was ready to crawl out and take to my heela as I made this discovery, but another look detained mo. The fall of rock and dirt had knocked over a torob which the man had lighted and now a bit of flame flared op all • f a ■ndden to show me that tho oave contained bores and baskets. dog out the torch, blew np the flame, and became dumb with astonishment. It was a treasure cave — the raoeptaele of the pirates* plunder. I have been told by Malays, who may have besn Penang pirates, sbat under the rales which bound those rascals together a treasurer w«s chosen for every gang. Everything of valne was turned over to btm to oars for, and onoe in about every two year* ha made a division of the spoils This treasure had to be zaalously guarded, and in this iaitacoeit was so carefully bid* den that no one but the treasurer con Id have found it. He bad come in advance of me to ■dd fresh plunder to the great store, and there wero jewels in his hand as be lay there a bloody mass Some of you may doubt whit I am going to tell you ; but there is abundant proof In the Royal Museum, in tho old files of M The Times/* and yot in my own possession. T># treasures of that cave amounted to mttioos upon millions of dollars. It must have been tho bank of & thousand plntee and it had probably been several y* ars since a division was made. Many nt the baskets and boxes were of Bare* ptan make; but there were many of native manufacture, The pirates had not stored away silks and velvet* and Uces. They bod no such common stuff as that The treasure consisted of money, watches, diamonds, rings, bracelets, earrngs, watch chains, obarms and whatever else could be exiled jewellery. There were crosses and badges and medals by the score, and no less than six jewelled hllfs of swords. There were at lent fifty gold chronometers, and I verily believe the na nbfrof gold watcher would have reached 500\. Unlettered and nnlo-rned. and brought up to look on a £50 noto as a fortune. I would not have believed that the world held as much money as I found here. There were EagUsh, American, French, German, Russian, Swedish, Belgian, and all other sorts of paper money, and gold and stiver w«*s heaped np until my eyes were ready to answer for bat pegs Strange how human nature works. Be fore finding this wealth I would have given a year of my life lo know that I could make the next 100 miles in safety. I h id no sooner got my eyes oo the great wealth than I began to figure on how I could keep every last shilling of il would not go without it. A quarter of an hour ago I was aUrrncd at tho slightest sound. Now I would have faced and fought the whole pirate gang. I nevar suspected I had such determination, or that I would oare so much tor money. It took mo a gnod whiln to oool off and calm down, and then I found mya If in favour of sticking right there. It was like two men arguing. There wasn't one chanoe In a 'houtsnd of my getting rff with a tenth of the plunder, and to remain there waa to invite discovery. Then the other chap, as it were, arga d that I was a fool to leave sach wealth behind, and that 1 had only to remain in tbe oave to be biri'irn iron any March that the pirates might m«ke. A« a remit I st»yed. There ■*•»» Ireah water at band, plenty of wild fruits around me, and the only unpleasant thing waa the eorpae Am aoon aa my mind was made np 'oetay I polled it ont from nnd-r the atone and - nrted it in the bank aa well as I ooulii with only a atiok and my bands to work with. > There waa no alarm that day, bat on the next ‘‘ay I had nosooner oaten > ahaatybreak (aat nod returned to the cave than I heard men in tha-woodf, > From an houtaf'er aonriee to ennaet the piratee were cooatantly oomtng and > going through the (.vine, Bailing to each other and the miiaing man. It wee > theeanv" for the next thre- days, end then the htutkwaa given up or extended > far beyond inn. They may have reasoned that the men ted tailed a* ny from > the island, end I hart no dmbl ibtt mrohlng partle* pcre started out by aos, bs well as by laud. I bad to li ' quiet now, anl during the three I sutlcrcd much from hunger and thirst. I know tho fellows would not giva up as long fin thero was any hope, and it was well that X was over oautioun. On the fifth day a hundred or more of them wore in the r vino for several hours, pulling down rocks, uprooting hushes, and parsing eo near ’’ho mouth of tho cave that X hold my breath, xhla minute soarch satisfied them and ho one came near mo again, It was two woelu to a day before l con tinued my putney. On tho eccnol day lf£fr burying tho body I exhumed t> end ntrippod it of outside clothing, and when roady to go X loft my sailor togs behind mo to place of them. After handling every thing over and over until I fought down my avarioo and used judgment in deter** mining what to take, I unset and took o er eighty diamonds, upward of L1G 000 in K-glish paper money, about L2 COO in English and American gold, and a little over LI,000 in Vrenoh notes. Tho paper money was all bill* of large denomination. I wanted to load myself down, but I bad «nae enough to realise the tramp before me l could not, however, resist selecting three of thn finest gold watches, ono of which can to this day be seen at tho Royal Museum al London. It ia of French m»ke, but has never been farther identified. It was a terrible trip X undertook. For six days X lived on fruits and berries, and was ofton without water, and In thtB time I did not make ten miles in a straight line, being constantly alarmed and pacing n 1 heed to tho compass points. On the sixth night, about midnight, I exmo to a beach and a settlement It may have been tho ono near xhich I first landed, and probably was. After making enre that no ono wa» about, l approached the beaob, huctod out a canoe-like craft which I thought I could manage with a puddle, and I launched it and put out into the straits without raising an alarm. Wind and tide were both in my favour, and at sunrise next morning X was picked^ np by the Lord Nelson, an English ship inward-bound, fifteen miles below and oft tho uland, Two or three yoara later when we had the pirates on the run, I headed a party to accuro the rest of thG treasure, but we found only on empty cave. Acoideut or search had at last revealed the storehouse to others. RUNNING GHOSTS TO .EARTH. (THB BOSTON ttfcOBK.) Tackling spirits, seizing apparitions by the tbioafc, nailing hallucinations, peering into hsonted houses, and bearding **pooke la tholr dons, experimenting with thought cranrfereoce and mesmerism, and in general monkeying with all the unfathomable mysteries of the human soul— this is the unique occupation of a body of learned men called the American Society for Psychical Research. In a back room of a modest-looking house in Bjyleaton place Is the headquarters of Ihn eocic:y’a secretary, Richard Hodgaon, |LL.D. In this simple room, filled with I books, pamphlets, and circulate sits the maa who hopes that his efforts will aid In | solving tho riddle that all the sages of all too nations have given up in vain—the “rlddlo of th« painful emh." He hopes not many years will elapse ere aati factory answers can bo given to these world*old questions; What ia mind? What ia the soul? Ib it immortal? What is life and wha& is death ? He hopes that Nature’s eupremeBt secrets will bo wrung by force from her bosom, and marvellous revelations will be made to mankind. And this know ledge will not be the result of any arguments or of K«autif*illy consirOcfcad theories, but of hard frozen fasts. Dr Hodgson ia an Englishman, about thirty-seven years old, a graduate of Cam bridge University, a profoundly learned scholar, ai d a level-headed man of muah sound common sonsa. He is an en husiaBt, and is devoted, heart and soul, to the work of the American Society fur Psychic »1 Bo search. He certainly doesn’t look like a man who hobnobs with ghost?, and ia on speaking Urma with spiriis. In his clerical work, whiah includes a vast correspondence, he is aided by a good, robust-lacking blonde appar.tion. She is also young and quite pretty, Wien a Bomewhit indistinct utterance, which scuds along at ab.iut twenty-two knots an hour, Dr Hodgson told the writer -bout the work of the Society for Psyabic&l; Research. ‘Oar society wxb formed,* be Bald, ‘lor Ihe purpose * f making an organised and systematic attempt to investigate that dark border land of human experWace, and to examine critically the phonoroeus which are not now explained by any satisfactory theory. Scientific men of eminence in *11 countrlfa iidm't the possible existence of what tho uneducated call ghoate or spirits ; and further, that one mind may exert upon another a positive influence otherwise than hr ugh the recognised sensory channels ' ‘ That is, you mean to say, doctor, that if, for instance, you are in Timbuotoo, and I in Oshkosh, I may feel my mind under an influence emanating from yours, which thus annihilates time and space?1' 4 Exactly,* he replied. * And our society is endeavouring to collect from reliable sources such facts, because if they are once Incontestably established they .will prove of the highest importance. * The chief department® of our work *1. An examination of tho nature and extent of any influence which may be exerted by onn mind upor> another in what is popularly called a supernatural way. *2 The study of hypnotism and mea meriam, and the phenomena of clairvoyance. *3. An inquiry aB to the exialence of re lations hitherto unrecognised by science between living organisms and magnetic and electrio forces, and between liviug and inanimate bodies. •4. A aareful investigation of and reports, resting on s'rang testimony, of apparitions occurring at the moment of death or other wise, and of disturbance! In houses reputed to be haunted. fi. An inquiry icSo various alleged physical phenomena, commonly called spiritualistic •In accordance herewith the research work of our paciety.is divided among five committees, all cf which are presided over by men of unquestioned ability, learning, nd fairness. ProftMor H. P Rowditcb, of Harvird, is chairman of the Committee on Thought Transference; Professor Josla Royoe of the Committee on Apparitions and Haunted Hau>es ; JC. B. Correy, a well known BoBtonian, of the Committee on Hypnotism; Dr \Y. N. Bullard, of Boston, of the Committee on Medlumisuo Pneno mena ; and Professor C- S. Minst, of Har vard, of the Committee on Experimental Psychology 4 That doesn’t look liko a co'Iecion of cranks, does il ? Oar society is composed of mm of all sorts of beliefs sod no beliefs Some are Spiritualists, somo materinlistj, some theisls, and some agnostics, but all inrent on tho discovery of the truth, not by argumer-t and ratiocination, but along the Uni* nf Incontestable experience' ‘Would an inquiry »q to y ur own per sonal belief be impertinent, doc or?' •Well, I suppose, X should bu probably califd a Spiritualist. A cumber of years ago, when I was a student in C^mbr dge, England. I met a man. an utter stranc«r to me I have audjoieot oauso for believing that ha know nothing wbatover about me or my put I fe. And yet this man told mt, with such minuteness nf detail, airauno stances and events which. I knew every o' e but 'iiyaelt to be ignorant o( that I was forced to oonfca* his nalraoulnus insight ‘ When t*o writer looked a little iocredu ous amt ventured to interpose an explan • tion ut the phenomenon, tbe doctor Interrupted him and p ooeeded * This m'S. whom I met almost by acci dent. described to me with absolute tidellty to trnth the peculiar manner of my onudo'e death in Aua ralia twelve yeara previous where l was then living. He said he saw my cou>ln pesent with us in the room. 1 where he and I were titties alore talking r jo«t aa you and I >ro talking now. He told t me of onr boyish praobs together and ot ■ little obildish secrets that my ooutin and 1 I had batwten oortelvei. He described, w'^ perfect truth, many inalgniGcant and yet enduring impressions received when I wag a ' youth, ^ In foot, my whole past life lay ! before him like an opon book. Ho road my inmost coal. * I was at the time, as sjsorfcof rocroalloB, * investigating spiritualism, " and from ih& oumbtr of frauds I had como naroas you may imagine how hard I was to coovlaoe. But this oxporienea was sufficient to over-*'' come my scepticism 4 Another incident of a different obarsclcr, however, which oimo within my personal knowlodgo, served to confirm my belief that mind acta upon mind independently of. matter or of lime and spice An Eog'iafe lady of my acquaintance living in Londou saw suddenly before her one afternoon tbo figure of her sister, olad in a shroud, and with her hair^ cut close to her head. This sister was at the time on the voyage home from India. It afterward proved that nn the very day and at the very hour when my lady friend ■*w the apparition her sister died on board the vessel. She had had her hair cut off t<j send to her friends at homo as a souvenir/ 4 Why do not a few such instances a* theso, if fncontrovertibly proved, establish your .theory beyond all possibility of doubt ?* * Because/ replied Dr Hodgson, a» ho* Qllod his pipo, * we aro reasoning from to theories, and not vice versa. The more* facts wo havo the more solid is our foundation That wonld be a very treacherous structure wbioh was placed' only on one frail post. A theory of thought5 transference basod on one or two or even a hnndred cases, however welt* attested, would have no value The existence* of one spirit apart from the body would not prove the exigence of other apl-i b. The* fulfilm-nt of one dream, tho reality of on8 apparition, th- verification of tho premono"’ t-ion, might be called a coincidence, and the ■ man who should attempt to hnlld a theory on It would be justly ridiculed. But give ua out^ oi 10 000 dreams, apparitions, or premonitions 1,000 which are verified, and ^he ^ plea of mere coincidence no longer 'Do yon anticipate satisfactory results from tbo society's investigations Y 4 Yet, personally, I can say that I do. But the work fa far from being completed. Wo have a vast amount of evidence, but it is not yet examined-and sifted. A groat deal of it is, of oourse. utterly worthless. The replies to our circulars asking for parsonal experiences are still coming in, and ll will be months before tangible results can bs an nounced.' ‘Do you consider the haunted house branch of the psychical basineas a dividend* paying one?' Tne enthusiastic doctor gave the ques tioner a quizzical look, drew three or four staccato whiffs a*, bis pipe, and asid : 4 No, that seems lo me the most unsatisfactory part of our work, although several incon testable and unexplained faota have been gathered.' The Society for Psychical Research guards its gathered materials with groat seoteey. Its rich fund of fact- is not published n^til they have been paaaed upon and thoroughly examined by the various committees ; even then the names of those whocontribato their experiences are in no case furnished to the public. Among the following are some of the mo«t astounding facta on the record : On 1st January, 1SSG, at 10 a,m., Mra T., a lady living in a Western town, writes to a member of Congress, the husband of her daughter, in Washington. Dr Hodgson has seen the original letter. This letter explains a telegram which Mrs T. had Bent only three hours before, inquiring about her daughter’s health The original of this telegram has abo been seen by Dr Hodgson, The telegram reads : To Unn ——.EIoumj oi Ruprn*«nU Ive* ion, U C.—I cm win tome ll Nell needsrae. The signature is the mother's name. Mrs T.’a letter of explanation first eaja that ah© has been for some days anxious about her daughter Nellie’s health, although there had been no illness- of late. Letters from Washington had baud lacking for some daya ; :he laat one had reported tho daughter as having just returned from making fifteen calls, ‘very tired, and nearly frozen.’ * I waked.* aaya Mrs T., 4 Iasi night between 12:and 1 o clock, deeply impressed with the feeling that Nell needed me, I wanted to get up and Bend a telegram. If I had consulted or followed my own in clinations, i would have dressed and gone down to the si ;t in groom.’ Liter, however, Mrs. T. went to sleep again ; but in the morniDgtho vivid Impression returned A* 7 a in. Mrs T. sent tne telegram, and wrote apparently befoi* she r eeived an answer, lor In the margin of the letter is added the poatcript: 'Telegram here; thank goodness you *ru well.* The lady- in Washington, whose- mother had had so vivid an experience, had been seriously ill during the same ni.ht, althongh tbo morning had found her much better Her attack was a very suddtn one, whioh she described as neuralgia of tbo lungs, with a hard1 chill. 4 It must bav© been,* she says, 4 abont the hoar mentioned in my mother's latter that I at last exclaimed *4 Ob, don’t I wish raa was here 1 I shall send for her to-morrow if I am not better.” * In tho morning came the telegram from the West, but the patient was better, and she and her husband w re puzzled at her mother’s uneaaineaB, and replied by telegraph : 1 We are all well; what ia the matter «i*b you !*. A Boston lady, whose position ia an abso lute guarantee of porfecl good faitb, wrote from Hamburg, Germany, on 23rd Jaae laat, co her sister, who was at that time in Boston:—‘I very nearly wrot* from the Hague,1 Bays the letter, to say that I was very thankful when we had a letter from you on 18:h Jane saying that you were Well and happy. On tho nigh’- oi the 17lh I had what I supposed to be a ni*ht» mare ; but it all eeetnod to belong to you and to be a horrid pain in your head, as if it were being forcibly jimmed into an Iron oaaque or acme such ..leaeant instrument of torture. Tho queer part of it was my own di.-asHo -iatiou iro tho p∈ and the oonviotlon that it was yours* This letter, written from Europe six days after the nightmare, leaves no room fur supposing that any now forgotten corrc?pondenes had passed, meanwhile- 1' is, therefore, inter* eating to find, on a bill made out by a pro** rninent- Boston dentist, uuder date of I9:h June of last year, and addreaard to tb© , husband of the lady to whom th- forgoing * letter was wrbleo, an item for one and two third hours’ work an 17th Juno. It is also . int-restisg- to learu from the Udy ia.. question that this work was performed for heree'f, and was done opon a very palnffll filling. The discomfort succeeding this work continued as a dull pain for eomu hours, until must have been simultaneous with her sister’s nightmare. An old gentleman living a-Albany lifts • been iff for months. Hit married daugfc er resided at Worcester. One evening last summer she suddenly laid down the.book, •h© was reading and said to her husband: * I believe father is dying.' Sha~ waa strangely overcome by the Impression, *9 there had been nothing whatever la.th* conversation or In her own thoughts to lead to the subject of her father’s health. AH that eveniog and the next morning feeling haunted her, until a despatch came sav ing that her father had died thfrevenlng* A Lowell physician wj* called to a patient about 10 o’clock one night. It was extremely dark, and ta* alighting from his conveyance he made a mis Btep and sprained hi*, aakle severely. H»b wife, who wan at bk3TOfr* in bed asleep, suddenly awoke with the vivid impression that an aaoidfnt had oc curred to her husband, She-arrsp, awakened the servant, and communicated her fe*Tl t<X her. Nothing could induce her to return t<x. bed At l o’clock the doctor returned, and it was found that the moment of tbs a. oidenfc ard of his wife's awakening woe aimuN taneous. He waa three miles away fro®., home at the time. A young lady af Boston viMtlng her uncle at Mojskpeller, Vt. He had but recently moved there, and she had never heon in the Green Mountain Srato be~ I J«fB. The day aftnr her arrival hft , ftook her 'i$ a jeweller’^ to see a carton* i tiwe^l^c^ whio^ \\\sij toon tPSutioneA 