PEOPLE WE KNOW. MR. VEAL, of Carlton, weighs over twenty stone. Ibis must be the fatted calf. A MAN named Bonnett has committed suicide in the provinces ; his wife feels the loss keenly. WE have Craves in the House, and it is to be hoped that some constituency will return a Sexton next election. THE real value of the property of the late " Money" Miller, in Victoria, has now been estimated at £1,4.56,080 Ss. 2d. MK. MMMO'S Temperance Alliance friends will lie sorry to hear that the Minister of Works is addicted to Punch, and takes it regularly. 1 HKV say that Edison, the electrician, is almost totally tally deaf ; through _ listening to people _ „ " hello " lit him -through his telephone tubes, no doubt. Xemesis. A SMALL boy, named Jones, shot a girl at Albany the other day because she declined to be kissed. The peculiar conduct of the girl is exciting much comment. LIFE has its contraries It is said that Mr. M. H. Davies has set more peoplg on theii financial legs in 'Melbourne tl an the number any halfdozen ringmen have ruined. MB. MELTON PRIOR has expressed his willingness to accompany Lord Wolseley to any country under ;mv circumstances. Doubtless his lordship will now see a new horror in war. MR. BYRON MOORE, when last in Sydney, assured friends that few things in the world interest him liBS than, horse-racing. HiB predecessor in the ofiice of secretary was of the same mind. A BOY nan ed Futzfoot was sentenced in the Collingwood Court to seven days' imprisonment and fifteen strokes of a cane. Ah !—Puttz-footin it that time. Hem ! the water, please A WEALTHY Austrian who died recently left all his estate, peisonal and real, to his Royal Highness the Devil. He was a conscientious man, this late lamented Austrian, and paid his board in advance. " Pray, why don't the men propose ?" Cry the Maries, Tots and Lilies. We can't tell, but one man knowB ; Put it straight to Duncan Gillies. MRS. BERNARD BEERE, who is to pay us a visit in March next, is the best emotional actress on the English Btage. Her rise to popular favour was sudden, owing to her great beauty and dramatic talent. MR. JAMES THOMSON says his new evening paper, whichjwill date from the first day in 1889, can afford to sink £60,000 in getting its permanent foothold in the colony. The directors have pluck as well as money. A WRITER in the Herald, speaking of J. F. Stretch, of Fitzroy, says " he carried his audience with him in a magnificently worded description of the next world." What a splendid Stretch -of the imagination I A MOAMA man, who caDnot visit Melbourne asks what a p honograph charged with David (iaunson's eloquence would cost. He wants something which he can lay on his pillow, and to whose melody lie can sleep. ELIZABETH SCOTT haB been fined ten shillings for kissing a young man in a public place at Brunswick, and the young man is thinking of bringing an action against the police for calling liis mouth a public place. THE Bulli widowers are to receive another distribution of bonuses, while the Bi 1 pends in Parliament. Mr. Sievewright, the committee's actuary, is calculating when, according to averages, the bulk of them will re-marry. EVERYBODY said that Judge Casey looked like his old royal self on Friday last at St. Patrick's College, when he was giving expression of welcome to Father Isaac Moore. Dr. Browuless, who joined in this, was more Bubdued, just as might be a Prime Minister in the presence of royalty. WE mentioned the marriage of a Miss Tong a short time back, and facetiously observed that aB a wife she would be sure to monopolise the discourse. Now a correspondent kindly corrects us with the information that she is Pong-tied. We stand down. WE are to have an old operatic friend among UB soon, no other than Signora Link, who created a favourable impression here in Italian opera some years ago. She wanted to come out with Mr. Simonsen, but he, having filled up his company, had to refuse. MH. PDRVJ'S is said to have fits of me'ancholv as one of the results of the recent (prayers of the Melbourne Presbytery for ^ is spiritual state. His fiiends are thinking about getting the Rev. C. St rong to pray the other way as means of restoring the status quo. WE wonder how much the Opera House management paid John Orange, the cabman, to lose the horse and hansom the. other day, particulars of which have already appeared in print 1 1 tider the sensational heading of "The Mystery "t a Hansom Cab." SIXTY N.S.W. Members of Parliament petitioned to have E. B. Holt, the defaulting bank manager, released from gaol. Among this sixty were over twenty who at the time of his sentence cried out against itB leniency. The Cabinet declined to • ntertain the petition. Miss NELLIE GOCLD, the daughter of Jay Gould, 'lie American millionaire, will, it is said, come in. When her father dies, to a fortune of £6,000 000 sterling. When this young lady marries her husband will hardly be able to say of her " a poor thing, but mine own." M R. BENNETT, the late Mayor of Richmond, sayB he will contest the Parliamentary Beat against all comerB. His friends say he will Btand well. His enemies (if he has any) Bay nothing yet. But rumour speaks of a ' dark 'un " who is likely to make the pace warm for Mr. Bosisto. THE ever-youthful Fit/gibbon chuckles over the result of the recent deputation about the cattle market. He considers his epistolary mitrailleuse killed or wounded every speaker who interviewed Mr. Gillies, and that as it was they were mere ghosts, and their harangues mere ghosts of arguments. At any rate, he says they laboured all night and have taken nothing. MICHAEL KENNY threw himself out of the gallery of a Dublin Music Hall about two months ago, and nearly killed a member of the orchestra. Michael wanted to die, and intended to do one patriotic action before lie passed under. Fears are entertained that the musician will recover. MR. SHIELS is a brilliant parliamentarian. He always commands the attention of even a grudging House. But he made a mistake and submitted thst court'eously-wordc d amendment on the Electoral Bill. It was a kick over the traces, just when Opposition discipline is most required. THE Rev. Shirley Baker is back again from Tonga. What Bismarck was to Emperor William I. Baker is to King George. This monarch is over six feet high, Baker is his spiritual and political guide. Baker's wife is also a personage. She ciaims to be.a blood relation of Queen Elizabeth of England. IT may not be generally known that Mr. Thomas W'alker, the celebrated freethought lecturer and member ef the New South Wales Assmbly, is the author of the Dampier version of "His Natural Life." Fuch is a fact, however—and a Member of Parliament, too—but there, we're not surprised at anything those fellows will do. THE Sydney branch of the Australian Natives' Association have resolved that West Australia must have responsible government. They are tired fighting for it for themselves. Just as they think they have it som» Dalley or Parkes gets up and sits on the mainspring of the machine. West Australia will serve as a diversion. HENRY P. FISHER, who has been in the employ of Professor Pearson as "bodyguard" (whatever little watch-chain trinket that may be), haB been arrested by Detective Causey, charged with stealing some children's pinafores PosBibly some parliamentary friends of the popular professor had left them behind when visiting. A NATIVE-BORN representative of New South Wales was in our midst last week. He came to see the capital of Protectionist Victoria. This is Dr. Wilkinson, otherwise " the little girl" of the sister Parliament. His father was a well known District Court judge, and he himself is a university lecturer, but his manners are too fine and his voice too delicate for the rough work of politics. To politics, however, ho sticks with a tenacity that brings him many reproaches There may be bigger men and wiser men than he in the House, but there is no.^e with a better-meaning and more accurate manner. SIR HENRY PAHKKS is coming to Melbourne to see the Exhibition and the boom. Which of them will the old knight think the better value for the trip ? He has been known to say that he heartily disliked such things as exhibitions, and feels that the world could get on very well without them. Does he make an exception in the present case ? MR. BYRON MOORE was told the other day to " move on " by a policeman ! He, Mr. Moore, was standing on the footpath in front of his own exchange. After this we think it time we were beginning to build an ark, or a raft, or anything that will float. There is Bure to be another deluge one of these days as Bure as you live. A COKRESX'ONDENT, signing himBelf " Long-off," and who, by-the-way, is, in our opinion, not so " far off," writes to the effect that the following team should make matterB a bit lively in a match with our so-called " Australian Eleven" :—Messrs. Allan, Slight, Midwinter, C. Bannerman, Horan, the Giffens. \Valters, Moses, Musgrove and Murdoch. Rather a good eleven, eh ? WHAT a difference there is between the genial Bent when he is engaged in wheedling a Minister in Parliament, and the same man in his teBty moments. Last Thursday he gave specimens of both humours. At the luncheon to celebrate the opening of Prince's bridge he was a bear. He thought somebody had trodden on his toes, and he squealed. A few hours later in Parliament he rose to the position of a leader. He was all smiles and geniality, and he carried his point for a peaceable postponement of the Electoral Bill. A RECENTLY defunct Melbourne man, named Magee, has left a handsome legacy to an organ grinder : — The goodness of the late Magee 'Twere vain to try to paint, We state his case, and vote that he Be canonised a saint, To rid his fellows of a ban, This man of noble mind Endowed the vile Italian, And stopt his horrid grind. THE Rev. James Gibson, of West Melbourne, asked in a Bermon the other day " Why Bhould not everyone, be he master or man,'learn to be a Christian and sacrifice himFelf for others?' Ah! Just so. Why, indeed ? Why do grocers put sand in their sugar? And why does every man you have any dealings with want to get the better of you ? Also, why do you want to get the better of him ? The man who would start to sacrifice himself as Mr. Gibson 6uggeats would be in the lunatic asylum before a month went over bis head. This is a melancholy statement to make, but a very true one, The fact is that excessively benevolent people are not trusted in theBe days. They are thought to be either mad or artful —and so many of them are one or the other that the disbelief of the world in them can hardly be blamed. MR. SPEIGHT is probably more disappointed with the financial debt in his last balance-sheet than any other individual man. He had one time set his heart on coming out square in spite of the Windsor accident. Had he done so, this would have been a feather in his cap towards getting his contemplated holiday. That holiday, if he gets it at all now, will have a shadow over it. IT isn't every day we Bee an Archbishop in the Victorian X^arliament. His Grace Dr. Carr honoured the Assembly with a visit last week, and he was sufficiently interested to stay more than an hour. He heard Mr. Shiels declaim, Mr. Madden argue, Mr. Harper remonstrate and Mr. M'Lellan drone. That was a pretty fair experience for His Grace, if he only found a means of profiting by it. " VOGELISM " is now spoken of in the English Press as a noxious influence which has blighted New Zealand. This is pretty hard on Sir Julius. Will Sir Robert Stout 1%ke up the cudgels on behalf of his quondam Treasurer? The probabilities are against this ; and that Sir Bobert has had just about his fill of his late clever colleague. However, New Zealand, having had its Btar, must not object to pay for the shining. DR. MOORHOUSE, our late dear and well- beloved Bishop, has just opened and is presiding over a Church Congress at Manchester. His Lordship's addresses have been characteristic ones, and among other things he declared that the time had arrived for an open and truthful reply to the scientific criticisms on the Bible. Bravo ! episcopus. Each time you open your mouth common-sense drops from it. Salve ! IT is said that Mr. Carrington, assistant subeditor of the Herald, who lately left for Europe and previous to sailing was presented with the photographs of all the staff, quietly dropped them over the side of the vessel. AIBO, that the reason he did' this was that he was afraid if they were seen in his possession when he arrived at Home he wouH be arrested by the police as a suspicious character. We refuse to believe a word of this. MR. W. J. LYNE was in Melbourne the other day. This gentleman is one of the leaders of the Protectionist party of New South Wales. Mr. Lyne \\#as first met with in Tasmania where it is gossiped he once played the party of city constable, He is a large and rather ungainly- looking man, but gives much time to Parliamentary duties, and iB thuB a power in the Fouse. He has been a member of two Governments and has his sleeves up ready at a minute's notice f jr a third go. DR. JEEFERIS, of Sydney, says that if medical men told how many children are killed by the criminal negligence of their mothers, four coroners would be wanted for every one now employed. This sounds terrific. But wait, If mothers, audaciously elevating their private impressions into statements of high public concern, told how many children are killed by incompetent and negligent medical practitioners, perhaps there would be a dozen hangmen wanted for the one or two now in work. SIR ROBERT HAMILTON, the Governor of Tasmania, receives a ealary of £3500 a year. It is said he has been known to Bpend as much as Beven-and-sixpence in a single day. This prodigality is, no doubt, admirable enough in its own reckless way, but he should think of the future. His term of office will be up next year, and what will he have to take home with him if he carries on in this mad fashion? We merely speak now in a friendly manner. IT'S somewhat amusing the manner in which the London papers, or at least some of them, in speaking of the Australian cricketers, by pure forgetfulnes8, omit the prefix " Mr." at Home. Don't you know, the colonials are looked upon aa professionals, and yet the leviathan W. G. Grace and W. W. Read are both furnished with the "Mr." Why all this mister-y ? When W. G. came out to Australia he received one thousand five hundred pounds ; and over W. W. the Melbourne Cricket Club " copped out" to the tune of considerably over a thousand. THE switchback railway has been patronised by Governor Loch ! Hooray ! And if any enterprising merry-go-round proprietor comes alongand manages to get into the good grace of the "Guv.," his fortune will be made. All the dooks and dookesses who now visit the Antipodes will have no cause to growl as to the time hanging heavily on their hands. What with switchback railways and merry-go-rounds, &c.;, egad! the time is not far distant when a grand revival will take place amongBt the aristocracy of our happy game of childhood—"See-saw." Then again, there is " Honey-pots "—but no matter. THE Queensland PoBtmaster-General forbids clerks in his department whose salaries are under £150 to marry. AB promotion in that department is almost wholly dependent on those in higher grades dying, marriage in the sers'ice will keep close to the heels of death. The bell8 that weep In muffled tone The death of one Will forthwith leap To tell that he Goes down to sleep 'Mid others glee. MARRIED life is full of surprises. Mr. Rattenburg, of Cook River, Queensland, is a melancholy, or joyful as you may choose to consider it, instance of this. He went out one morning with a light heart to his work. If any old friend whom he had not seen for some time had met him then and enquired in a hearty way how many children he had he would probably have replied two or three, or whatever the number might ue, and gone whistling on his way. If another friend hadmethim next morning—that iB supposing the shock had not prostrated him—and asked him the same question, Mr. Rattenburg would, if he didn't kill the man, have replied in broken tonesseven or eight, or nine, > ccording to the previous total of the family. Mrs. Rattenburg had presented him with quadruplets while he was away ! This calamity is always a poBBibility to any married man. And yet there are idiots who ask, " W T hy don't the men propose?' 