1Rovellet. A GREAT WRONG: 011, TIlE M?YSTER?Y OF .ILA Cr IIOLLOI' OGIA.NGE. BYEMMA GARRISO/80N JONES \----'' ---4 Aun/horof " A Teraibe Critite," "A So'thA rN 1'rfis:ce," 1' Ru?' y,".. TIthe Alisisn in Bride," etc. ClIAPI'Er XIII,-(CooTINuEs.) . She ?l ...... nid troembles, nid tugs at the oaskn casement aWitn her 'iillpled hianls till it slides to onu aide. Thu snow comes fly. Ing in, covering her glisteunhig dress. The baronet's sun gnaes uipon her with ll assionante eyes '?yc CS' r I "Oh, hIcw beautiful you are I" he' pants. "Isabel. Islbel, 1 nevurrodismued youe could " haie lt'so Io'ls y. ,)''· " ?,? - -.. .. - label's vain heart diunccs wIith vai joy; his praise are very sweet to Iler. Suddenly ihe reaches forth and seizes her hand. " Yeo wearn my ring," lie whlapers. " Yes, It is mine. Isabel, for mery's sokU tell Ume thlle trilthl do you love thisII mns,or are they Yoreilg yeo to marry hIlm ? Mly danrling, huve you forgotten me 1 Are you glad to see Her cheeks luiame nd aso shivers in the eold blast like a lenf, but alse csnnlot resist himn. " lsa, I sm glad to see you, Arthur," she faltera ; " but pape would be so angry If he know. lie wantsa ie to marry Ambhose-" "And you do not want to marry him , Isabhl, would you ratlher marry me ??" ller'rousd eyes dilate like a chil's. ' "Yes, Arthuir, Indeed I would," she an. swers, sillply. , In a twinkling he leapt through the case. Inetand hall s lier ln his arms.i " "y dut rlhing, my littlu laoorlanll blossonl, mly only love," he ururuiers, dlriiping liarco kisses on her fIce; I"I have triad to forget you, togise you up, but I cannot. Isabel, they shall not part us, That nlggard lover of yours cannot love you as-I ldo, else be would be hero now, All the storms that oever blew couhil not keep him from you. hisabel If you love mo, comie. 1Is looks at iher withs md, entrcetlng eyes, but shebo struggles from hiis arms with help. less terror. "'i, I cannot. What would papo and blaudla say 1" "? No matter I If you lovei me you would not care. Stey, tiles, anid marry this boor, and live In a hovel for tile rest of your daye you, who, with your bright beauty, might grsoe a court. Qood.by I I'm golug. In ai month they'll lporsuade ino to nmanrry Lady : linca Driscoll, and you'll never set eyes on me ag ain. lIe turns trom her, and In her weakneass, shi pout a liud to iletlai hi n. ite wheels niid clnapis her anganh. S?yonii ie do oseen wthy I r ning, come I ly sleigh Is below, abl lbefore to.neorrowsv siU rises you shell be y wife, l tinstClOf e his. Isabul, tlere is lit iln lisilill to I gso. De vidoe ipilckly, W11 you conic, ir liUst we paRrt ole%'er ?r lualul iclinie hi hhr with a ilehlU egnahiiig soi, lie glanllces ll (ul le wIot rsIiiw ltIiger cy ov, 'Iille Iinik mliniile Iln tihe led le seitvie It and h wroIs Iler in ii. T[hui lie L~rINr H iton C'LRInIIIN, mullO Oln MthIden CIIIles) tilla io 111t(u c ii, lll w h ii I ilw t ad I I I v Ire anit. " hII? ' i his i.ii...l. u II I . .H. i.. ellent.i. Rl ing nClnll g leoh I iov I o irIII g,' lie'i h l o. I IeI ilo sili( in Uht' 01i(II R Iu wim liiiiiwh eve lira Clti h h w ih iie uilr' l l ihn ii r i'. I chi l )e 1 ii4i) i i Ill h Ill i i i Il iiinl nc iirl lie hli iii iii olu n ilu l ios Ih ii ,, 'Iue l Wii l, hui l tig r th t114P Illl0lll If llll you )110 9. II in ( 11 ' houra MID willi his 1 rilug ii h ii I 1i i Tl'iuy 'llo uiiii l uhii halu' wuHolk lituliw Jiu," l i le lii ia i lh g iillP t lil hw , 1 ( "'l Il Arlnliu, l'lii III ' inlle ll ii, III l eiig lie sheiimii l?l'e w llh u kii Ilu, iliul yl ,, hilyl I iiiI, il ii i hilll i I iliiii lii il i Ii 'III'n 0II ii, iii I ,, u IlIucoliiI I lic lh ih Ulclurl li il rle lti IIllkn',? lie, luwn)IIYII llll.?, tlll le ~ih,? Si, llui gliq i'ihi iilli ii iii iiii hhiliii liii'' lii huciu hlly'lh hlic illciilh, r li lle I hli y iiuii,ylliin slilc 1111 0 i cc1 lliii Ii s 1 c r l ii c'ilii siri io wl,,'i'iii'ii llullu ii iiii "i )Iii ii Illlli l, l ill ill, hII ' ilii illlli I III', ht iiiiii" iii,i' Ihtd l ,r u i I'll h ihhi iiu ii h lh Iii i lll I i inc 'h i, i iii ht 1ll li cI lll shi iii il h, -111 ,,rii I il hi ilfl il k, iiii lh l ..Il 1?qi 1 illill 111' i 1· III.l~rv,1*1 )1((1 ci lih i iiiiIl ll lh rii whiiii hihie I IsI ii, eiiy yuii Ar%% i iiiir lli il.,Ii 1 I,11(11( Ihl 11 )'lll 111q 111) [" l'll' )llillr le l 111 li11 i HIIl IiI I fISIl( i hi H I '{I aa 'l ii HII I)I I'h ll ll(')l llr il ! i, ) i i,11~"" 't I hi il1ll ly 11 .I Iil lIll II )..IrI lllllll (itlle 'lil ?) 11 lII 1 1 I'll ?, 1 h1)( ?,10 only y)iiI1 ArZlllur ['' ' Then you shral he my wife." lie answers lintrlemlh?'clas'plnil her'elbciosd: 'Its'inly It right that you s ldh ie.i It wou:d basin to t love inoenod wed ooither." Bhe shivers in' his arms, and llfting her bhiad,' loIoks back through the white habz of snow.; The horsets bas been going at a wild l pace, ind thle lightsi.from tile farm-hllboue windows shine far away. Isabel sees them and bursts into tears. She beholds the fading lights of her girl. I hbdd' liome ; but the glamor of his love Is a over her ; sbohe is dazed anti bewildered ; she I she cannot give hiti up. Wraipped in each other's arms, while the I winds roar amid tile distant hills, and the f snow drifts and blows, they hurry on to the music of their moufled bells. Meanwhile, at the old farm-house the wedding supper is eaten, the warm drinks I dispensed, but the great bride's cake, with e its frosted summit towering up like a minia. ture mountain, renmains untouched. A dozen Highlanders wrap their tarlans t close, and muster their good sheepldogs, and sat forth again to hunt for the missing bride. groom. "\Ve'll fetch him this time, squire, c be ho dead or alive," the leader calls back. " Ah,ah. Heaven grant ye may find him alive," the farmer answers. . Maid turns from the open door, her 'face almost as white as the drifts withb out: SWhat a friglht you look, lass I" cries her father,, cheerily, returning to the sitting room. " Come, conme, we won't give up so soon. hMayhup the lad. may turn upi all right after all. Come, boys, tune up your fiddles and scrape away; a bit of a dance will put heart in us and help to make the time fly. And you, Maud, run up and fetch tihe little one downa slle aban't sit up, there all by herself and mope the night out." : .The fiddlers strike up withi a will, filling the old house with merry music, and al dozenl couples take the floor in a twinkl. t lag. SSdometow the merriment grates harahly on Mhrid's ears, and she goes up to her sister's chamber with a heavy heart . . : A keen blast strikes her as shie opens the t door; the window is wide open, the snow I beating. in and lying over everything in heavy, white drifts. IMaud stands like one ( stuinned. ,. . 'aIsanbl, whtere are you, child ?" she calls, I afteran instant. "Wihy have you left the I .casement open?" There is no answer. She darts into I the nadjoinitng elamboer, but' Isahel is not there. . " What does it mean? Where has the child I gone? Surely not out in the storm .to look for Amnbrose " Maud leans out at the open window I and seers, about the whits grounds with r affrighted eyes. The vino, all' tore and trailing, is.the only trace she sees. :A sudden tlhought flashes through herl mind. She reels back, white and sick, with a cry of sharp pain.. "Oh, poor, pour Ambrose I" site wlhispers. "Surely she could : inot ave done it. Isabel would nut have done sueth a cruel thing." Sire stnnds white and stnuned, the snow still ponring through the' open casement. Sihe hears the musle below, and tile sound of the dancers' fuct, and presently tier fatller's voice. " Maud, I sary, fetch the little one down, lse 1'll come after hter myself." Sithe wrings her hands in mute agony. \- "VWhat shall I say to lim ?" site whispers. ":Iow shallt " tell Ambrose whlen he comes?" * 'Tile old father waits impatiently fora few nioments, and, receiving no answer, he ibeo,,,isu, te stair. _-. ..... - - tlnud nieelis' hims at thi 'doert and her I white face startles him as If it were a ghost.' " Whirt is it "he questions.'" Is tIe little lass ilt?" Then he sees the open window,' and the drifting snow, and stands silent and aghast. "F'ather, the window wa' open 'when I came up," falters poor Malnt. " Isabel has gone." l1 Done 1" ihe repents. I Gone where I Not r out in this storm, lass" ' SMaud makes no answer; she only looks at him, her eyes full of' unutterable pain and s pity. Somnething in tie look tmakes tie ohl father start, and drives the color from hIls ruddy} cheek. "Yon don't lmean to say-you don't think," he stnmmers, putting his hand to his lhead, like one bewilderedt. Tiesn lie rushes to the open casen enat, andi looking out, sees the torn and trailing vine. I A hoarse, pitlifnl cry escapees him. He turns t to Mlaud entreatingly. rt Maudle, Manulie, don't tell me 'tie so," r he falters ; "it can't be, child I Why, slio was in her wedding clothes, She wouldn't r hae left ther old father so. No, no i come, I BMaud, we'll find her. Come, lass I" He rushes down the stairs, and Mnrd follows, through the room, filled with musicl and dancing, outlnto the wild winter night. S"Coos, lass," lie repeats, leanding on to. wantrd the stables, and Mrud n ollows, her black I ir all wreathled with snow, A stable boy conimes out with a lantern In hies Iland, t "las young IMr. Ifarlowe gone, my lad 1" i demands tihe squire, struggling vainly to keep ShIls voice steady, I "Ay, sir-gone this hour, mobbe I" "You saw hiom go, thlen ?" "Ay, sir," with a grin, and a knowing leer. The old mnan hesitates, and t reathes fast and hard; at last lie gulps out tile tqies. Sthion. " l)id any one go with him, Tim I" Ti, winks the snow out ll his eyes,i and 3 ears an il llnnoccent fe, . Yes, sIuilre, lie took a lady with him I" he answcls. 't There is ai dled silence for a fiill mtnlutl, then the squire turns Ilercely on his didaughter. ' It is triue, luti,i" he gasps, his voele thick and loarill'e; " he has carriedl ler oIf. alise hin, rnII curse her I" SOhi, fiatliher, hush I" :itrrtii lhiiitm, elinig. Ing to hi arm.i liBut ihe thirows iher off, hins eyv'es glaring, hits rh'llrLt heaving, his fil e swollen untl Purplylh , ( hiiHt! 11111 I" she repeats, l I skilly. 't lie hIla stolen her ( 'oli nir, my inoerlnr darilirg, She will iing hlier to shame and liii! ini rrow. tIr unid fetch her hIIack. MiiIu, I say ; follow h11. ... ..,1'.1! h 1i 11. . llh I t, l .. . I ...llin..u. s , lhe want lll't[ di,? ill Inll rnlh olllit tall is, lihe luvlinhirti'ly iit tir (itiler irivr f It chlikrrl liln, ht i trhioWms i tii two IIIlsld nI tll' libt ii lgr fire ru niu'w n irt, in thiie nihIts. 