.FROM MY NOTE BOOK.; BY » THE VASABOSI)." " NIGIIT AND DAT, " Ch&tity; 19 oficn woefully dissnminating in its gifts. IIow fearful we arc that a penny should be extracted front its by a beggar who is not really hungry, or a sixpcnco hy a "miserable" who does not ac tually want a bed. It is rather that we hato to bo taken in than that we grudge the coins. A young friend gives tbn following example of this: — " I well remem- ber at the first boarding school 1 went to in England, a3 a little boy of 8. that each Sunday we had a collection for some charity. The schoolmistress, who arranged for devoting tho proceeds of the first Sunday's collection after the holidays — always the best, as onr pockets were then thetullest — to Dr. Barnardo's Homes for Children, also gave strict orders to the ser vants that any poor wretch begging at the door should have it shut in his face without a bearing. They are either thieves, or want it for drink,' she said. In nine cases ont of ten she was most probably right ; but if the tenth was really hungry, he would go hungry still, and the worthy schoolmistress would assist to carry out the unjust law of the world, The good must suffer with the bad.' The old lady was very wise in her generation, how ever, and 1 have always thought since that it was a masterpiece of management which arranged for the under teachers to keep our account books, detailing onr various disburse ments, as nnder the circumstances we little boys always found it much pleasanter when our accounts were made up to bo able to record 'lollies 3d., collection 2s.' How genuinely charitable the hooks looked when sent home to our parents at the end of the term." There are of course, more especially in the old country, a distinct race of beggars, who have no idea of earning their living when they can get it given to them, but it is what may he called an "artificial race" formed by the struggle for existence. It is not, I believe, altogether na tural in ahnman being to " sponge " on his fel lows, and every destitnte hoy or girl might think first how they could honestly gain their bread, if they were not tanght from their bi rth, as many are, to beg it or steal it. AYithout a start in life it is impossible, perhaps, for a certain class to decently earn a living, and unless some one is found willing to give them that start they must of necessity join this huge race of modern Isbmaelites, with their hand against every man and every man's hand against them, begging where they cannot steal, and stealing where they know it is useless to beg. All honor, then.tothe man who endeavors te rescue the offspring of beggars and tho desti tute from their miserable poverty, and start them in an honest way of earning their living. Dr. Barnardo, with his many Homes in and about London, is such a one, and has devoted his lifo to rescuing and helping to a beginning the waifs and outcasts of the world's metro polis. Dr. Barnardo is now the heal of a great organisation, and thfc amount of money required to keep this np and enlarge it, as it is con tinually requiring enlargement, is very great. 'To get the money and to give tho boys and girls a good start in life are the difficulties to he overcome, and no stone is left unturned to overcome them. From Dr. Barnardo's publica tion, entitled Night and Day, some idea is derived nf tinw this is done. Mnnav itself i3 not the on?y thing acceptable, anything and everything is turned to account, and sinco anything is acceptable, anything is sent, andgifts ranging Srom a "painting of the Head of John the Baptist on panel, hy Hans Holbein tlie Elder, valued at £200," to "nine Victorian penny stamps " on which the sender had omitted postage, .and there was lOd. to pay,' are to he fonnd in the columns eaded "For Sale." It is a remarkable thing that in this list of gifts for sale, wedding rings are very plentiful, hut as the most expensive is only valued at 15s., and there are two or three at 4s. fid., 1 imagine that intending husbands in England do not go in Very, extravagantly .for this adjunct' of the marriage ceremony. Where they all come from 1 am rather puzzled to say, a married woman would hardly he so enthusiastically charitable- as to part with her wedding ring, or so imaginative as to get rid of it, so that when not actually in tho presence of her husband, she might fancy her self single again, if a married woman ever wished to do this, wfifch I believe tlicy never do. 1 can only suppose that they are the gifts sf widows abont to marry again. The amount of jewellery which is sent from varions places and of all descriptions, reminds one of the Israelites handing their gold ornaments to Aaron for his Golden Calf, or the Florentine ladies sacrificing their gems at the call of Savonarola. It might be a valuable hint to the chnrches of the present day to allow ladies to pnt their earrings and brooches, &c.;, into the collection box, which might then contain something more valuable than tho proverbial threepenny piece. AA'hether in Melbourne they could go so far as to encourage self denial like the following instance recorded in Dr. Barnardo's list.it is doubtful : — " Flounce, 4 yards long, and trimming for bodice and sleeves of modern point lace, value £15." If this idea were carried out, ladies touched by a powerful appeal would perhaps be handing their dresses to the churchwardens. Amongst many other things received by Dr. Earnardo, we notice two pairs of gold eye glasses, valued at 15s. and 18s., a billiard table of small size, with cnes, balls, and marking boards complete,' for £15, and a beautiful miniature painting of tho Queen, £10. (We hope this is. from no- nne turned Socialist.) Some of tho articles are worth mncli money, for instance, picture, "Cupid Asleep," by Ciampanelli, in superb frame and best plate, value £65. " Two splendid'Indian shawls, one old gold color and the other white, valued at £15 and £7 10s. respectively" — (can these be from the Qneen, I wonder?) and — strange gift — a haudsomo Indian carpet, £20." One individnal sends an illustrated Family Bible, and whether in so parting with it he benefits himself of the person purchasing it, it is difficult to say, bnt it is to ho had (witli the family entries or not, is unstated) for 30s. A Tery handsome Brazilian fan of swansdown and beetle's wings, with mother of pearl handle, is parted with by some lady in the interests of charity, and figures on the list at £0 Gs, Stamps from all parts of the world arrive, principally from the Australian colonies, however, and from numerous other articles wo pick a "gold ring set with diamonds," the stones can hardly be of the first water, for the value is pnt down at 16s. When someone sends an " infant's rattle," it seems evident, they have made up their minds to do without more children, although hy the same logic you might say that the person sending a £5 jubilee coin is going to do without money. The anti podes figure very well in the list of subscribers, "A .Melbourne Sheep Farmer" sends £50; and "Two Little Melbourne Girls" send 5j, as a birthday present. The compositors in the office of tho Gippslanit Tiws sub scribe verv bandsomclv — lis. 6d. — and another Antipodean £1 as "a mite for your Christian work from amongst tho palms and sugar canes of tropical Queensland." One ladv forwarded a gold ring and £1, saying that it was a thank offering to God for calling her to His service in the Zenana work in India, she being the first missionary sent from New Zealand. She evi dently likes harem life. From a parsonage in New South Wales £2 was sent, part of it being the result of penny fines from juvenile mem bers of the household for " slang nml there ore no doubt many other parsonages and also other places than parsonages in Australia which could raise even more in the same way. In talking of tho colonies, surely the ghost of Peter Campbell must have written the follow ing "Twos missionary for-ahontlO years in the -bush - when- the -- bushrangers were-- so jt' .awawouWandwheajeoplewere shot Hie lirdi. Although ' I was in the midst of the gang God protected mo from harm. One of the missionaries was ' stack up,' as they call it. Having little else but a Bible : and some tracts, he offered his Bible to the bushrangers, and tlicy refused to receive it. 'If you won't take the book,' said the mis sionary, 'carry a part of its contents.' So he turned to the hook of Numbers, ' Be sura your sin will iiud you out,' and administered a solemn warning. The bushrangers were impressed, and listened to him attentively, aud before ho passed on gave liirn £30, aud told liim to do all the good he could witli the money, promising also ncrer again to molest a missionary.'' The birds must have becu having a very easy aud safe time o it just about when this was written, or else a missionary of the gospel would hardly liavo been ablo truthfully to draw tho comparison. Many other ways of carrying on the great work are resorted to, and under the heading " AVanted, " Dr. Barnardo publishes from time to time what he most requires. Half way down the column we ' read : — " Wanted, a good sized house at the seaside, free of rent and taxes, witli a field attached, to which we could transport our sickly and maimed children." An annual bazaar or sale of work is arranged, for which crochet shawls, underclothing, shirts for men and boys, suits for hoys, with aprons and pina fores forgirls, are particularly asked. The usual way of selling is often superseded by nnother method ; the goods are packed into £5 or £10 parcels, which are put into neat, and strong liovoo made bv the little eereentere of the institution, and are sent on receipt of the valuation price to any part of tho country. In this way no waste occurs, the Homes are directly benefited , hy every scrap that is for warded, and as the valuation is purposely kept very low, a £5 box being worth £6 and a £10 box £12, disappointment on the part of buyers is wholly avoided. The boys in the varions Homes contribute somewhat to keep the purso from getting empty. Chopped firewood is sold at 500 bundles for 17s. Gil., and a mineral water factory is also carried on by tho youths. Bnt for all this it requires much hard work to keep the num ber of mouths fed and tho bodies clothed, and "a cold chill mnst have sometimes come over the hearts of the workers, looking at those multitudes of unshepherded ones, as calculation chimed in with the stub born observation that there are only twelve pence in one shilling, and that it is no easy thing, to pay bakers' and grocers' bills out. of an empty purse." Emigration is spoken of as a great thing to start these lads in life. In order to remove them far from the evil influence of largo towns they should be so placed that their education can be carried on for a further term after they leave the Homes nnder conditions which will iamiliarise them with agricultural pursuits, and accustom them to country sur roundings, The "far North West of Canada," above all other places/is said to be in urgent need of jnst such lads ns form the rough material of Dr. Barnardo's Homes. There they may obtain high wages, regular and 6teady work, and opportunities for claim ing a homestead under the Government pro visions. They can also be treated to "bliz zards." The work being dono by Dr. Bar nardo in London is eminently needed, and, to quote again from Night and Day, " No one who reads tho daily newspapers can foil to he aware of the existence in London this winter of distress which mav fairlv bo described as deep and exceptional. Tho 30,000 children brenkfastless at London schools ; the 100,000 men or more out of work : the population of 85,000 living on the wages of dock laborers ; these may bo merely approxi mate figures, hut behind them there larks a dreadful reality, which only those can appro ciate who have seen with their own eyes and heard with their own ' ears the hunger and the wretchedness, the sigh and the cry, of the Great Metropolis." - . So swells the mighty elty, 'I lint giant grlai that ihnst be ted ; A monster without pity, Who griotls man's bones to make him bread. Prevention is .better than cure, so take heed, oh ! citizens of .this Greater Britain, while yonr cities are still vouug, that in your selfish rush i or gold yon do not forget those who fall hy tho way, . or. you, too, in time may have to feed your starving and to shelter your houseless by tlie thousand. Dr. Barnardo, in Night and Day, gives many hints which might he usefully taken advantage of by the workers in tlie cause of charity in Australia, As the foremost living practical philanthropist, tho testimony he gives to the necessity of placing children in country homes — his own institutions being merely receiv ing and shelter houses — is of great value. The Melbonrne Children's Aid Society is following out this line with much suc cess. The ladies of the committee, Mrs. Armour, the lion, secretary, and Miss Suther land, a few days back held a pleasing gathering at Enroa of all the neglected children placed out in that district. What has been done there can be done all over Victoria. It is not brick and mortar institutions which I advocate, but societies of helpful work. On this point I quote the American philanthropist, Mr. Charles Loring Brace : — "Furthermore wo held and stoutly maintained that an asylum life is a bad preparation for practical life. The child most of all needs in dividual care and sympathy. In an asylum lie is' letter B, of class 3 ' ; or ' No. 2, of cell 426,' and that is all that is known of him. As a poor boy who must live in a small house, ho ought to learn to draw his own water, split his wood, kindlo his fires, and light his candle ; as an institutional child,' ho is lighted, warmed and watered by machinery. He has a child's imitation — a desire to please his superiors and readiness to be influenced by his companions. In a great caravansary ho soon learns the cxtcrnnl virtues which securo him a good bed and meal — decorum, apparent piety and discipline — while he practises devices and unnameable habits which masses of boys, of any class nearly, teach ono another. His virtue seems to have an almshouse flavor; even his vices do not present the frank character of a thorough street boy ; lie is found to Ho easily and to be very weak under temptation, some what given to hypocrisy and something of a sneak. And, what is very natural, the longer he is in the asylum the less likely lie is to do well in outside life." Another authority says, " The workers also in this movement felt from the beginning that ' asylum life' is not tho best training for outcast children in preparing them for practical life. In largo buildings where a multitude of children are gathered together, the bad corrupt the good, and the good are not educated in tho virtues of real life. Tlie machinery, too, whicli is so necessary in such htrgo institutions unfits a poor hoy or girl for practical handy work. The founders of the Children's Aid Society early saw that tlie best of ail asylums for the outcast child is the farmer's home. The United States have the enormous advantage over all other countries in the treatment of difficult questions of pauperism and reform, in that they possess a practically unlimited area of arable land. The demand for labor on this laud is beyond any present supply. Moreover, ihe cultivators of tiie soil are iu America our most solid and intelligent class. From the nature of their circumstances, their laborers or ' help ' must be members of their families, aud share in their social tone. It is, accordingly, of tho utmost importance to them to train up children who shall aid in their work, and he associates of their own children. A servant who is nothing but a servant, would be with them disagreeable aud inconvenient. Thcv like to educate their own ' help.' AVith their overflowing supply of food, also, each new month iu the household brings no drain on their means. Children are a blessing, and the mere addition of a yonng boy or girl to tho family circle is not con sidered." In Australia much the same con ditions exist as in the United States. It is from the black Night of life in the city slums to the open Day-of -existence in. country homes- that we musttransfer our neglected children, j 