fioKUsi. A CHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST. CHAPTER XXXYir. \- Jk STRUGGLE IN TEE DEil) HOOT. OF THE !.. ;. ' - K1G1IT. :-'". By LAURA JEAN LIBBEY. It was the most intense moment of Inez Clavermg's eventful life. - Guv Livingston, had turned and left her with those terrible - . words on his lips—left her.staudiug alone, speechless, powerless,'. spellbound, m the chill, blue night. - Round her the-wand was whining .and blustering. v,-Overhead the stars were burning golden. JFhe burnished clouds had gone. Ko sign of any human.figure— . man or ghost—was near. Only the fir trees stretching down the'desolate avenue, and" at the far end, in-.-tlie 'dimness, the .high; . white moon shining..over-the .-.sleeping flowers. . -. With a. weird-cry, Inez sprang.forward. .Never,no, never would shelead herself to such a.-scheme as Livingstone.proposed.' She had not sunk so low as that. She would warn Max Forrester. - • She .moved forward quickly toward the house, but m her excitement turned aside ,from the path: Her foot caught m the entangling vines, and she was thrown violently on her iacc, where "Bhe lay motionless, like one striken dead. An hour , passed'by, and.m accordance - with hispromise; Guy Livingston returned: but, much to his surprise and anger. Inez Clavermg was not there He did not see the unconscious figure that lay so while and ; cold m the dense shadow of the firs. " She-is.not here." he muttered, with a 1 fierce imprecation. "By that 1 am to understand she will not aid vine in this scheme, •:: Would she dare betray me to Forrester.2" he mused,:with : darkened brow. " There's no trusting a woman in an affiur of thie kiad. Sut it's a golden bit of luck that occurs to a .fellow only • once in a.hfetime.. • :Ko one -shall-, stand: between me and the contents - - of that : Again he turned on, his heel^ and'cautiously approached the.house. : •: ',:;-...'. All •vras.sdent withm. .Without, there fras only the sound.flf the jnght wind"stir-, ring the-leaves, ,and the distant chimmg of some far oft clock stutang the hour of eleven s Theie nas a light in Mas Forrester's room He must wait a little It was quite an honr before the house was wrapped m a mantle or darlcnessi and quiet leigned Then Livingstone, the trusted servantj toolria^&tcfckej;^from-his pocket,; inserted .ib. in.stlie :lock;':and--tliei •outer door swung noiselessly bapk on its hinges t Stealthily he crossed the dark, shadowy corridors, until he stood before the door of the small parior connected vvjth Mr. Forrester's sleeping apartment, and in 'which nas the lion safe . It -.vaasecurely lastenedfroni tlveinsida.; and very deliberately the miduight marauder s°t to woik to unfasten it At last he stood witbm the loom. Heavy velvet cuitains «hlit <>ufc the gleam of the dark lantern, he carried-from the sleeping-occupant ofs^he.chamber be- 1 % yond, It was a long and laboriousork opening the iron safe, for the combination of •the lock, "as,he : had;md'erstoodtrt,1seemedi : The clock in an: adjacent tower «tmcikione: 311st as the heavy iroli -door flew' 'back noiselessly 011 iti Jimges _ The -fiibt draviei, which was jlflgd m^a single jnomentyjconiaineji^^tyS'sbroliEp'i flower, a small "lad-glove, -a-womini pictuie, set in a .superb pearl and -eifony frame, and a lock of golden hair, Patiently, one by one, each spectacle was gone .through; but the large package • of bank notes, the bag of gold and the; •Foirester diamonds, "which weie known to ;be kept "Mere, wereaot to be foifnd;. amut-; tured imprecation burst from hn hps Had Inez Olavering betrayed him 1 And how had they been removed 1 li so, how did he know who might be watching him from the dark, shadowy corners V •He ga^e a gsnlty •start, glancing fear fully around him, but no foini sprang, out from the dark shadows reassured,; •he began his search anew,.thinking,that, he had", probably; • over-looked it in .'his: haste. This happened to be the case In one of. the -small compartments to tho left he found the coveted pnze In an mstant he had grasped the large package of bank- notes Harkl What vas that sound? <Still clutching his booty, he leaned breathlessly forward,-peering into the darkness beyond, i then cautiously drew the slide -from the dark lantern, flashing its rays on-.the -velvet curtain -that separated' Max Forrester's sleeping apartment. Ko faco peered-forth ftom them. He was safe, enough from that quarter. . None of the servants were likely to be prowling about atthat hour. •;• Very intently he ,listened.: Was it only; his fancy, or was the sound ;repeated again ? So like a hushed moan of terrible_ pain, and a soft,- rustling swishes of some-, thing bemg dragged over the velvet catpet—nearer, nearei. "What a fool 1 atn to imagmo such nonsense !" he muttered, turning to the ; window to throw it open with one hand holding the package ;of: notes in the other; . but again lie paused, listening intently. - The strange Bound w^s more-distinct: He could feel, intuitively,-another jb pres-; ence m the loom Leaving the midnight; intruder -in;this' position for aiew moments, we wjH return to Itiez ' Olaveringi, whom, we left lying unconscious m the dim shadow of. the trees - " For long hours-she lay there, with the night dew falling on her face and on her long dark cuilmg hair. Then .slowly the bewildered - eyes opened, • '.' Where am 11" How came I here ? And what ib the matter with me ?" she moaned, pressing -her -hands to her throbs' bmg temples Like a flash, suspended memory returned to her; and all that had happened forced its way through -her bewildered .brain. ' How long .had she been there uncon-v bcious f: Was it midnight yet ? . Had Livingston come, -and, not finding her there, put his terrible threat into execution ? As these thoughts flashed.-through-.her brain the clock in tile adjacent-steeple struck " one " r With a desperate cry, she tried; to 'raise herself to. her. feet, but -the excruciating pain'of the efiect almost made her BttOOll, "I will retrieve the past by at least one , good actionshe murmured^ trying to dra; herself to ward the house. - -. • -. - \- Only Heaven knew howsheaccomplished: it, tile pam was so intense.- Only;the sup- ;pressed moans that came from-.the white lips now and-then releaved- her terrible agony, > , With- bated bieath ah© crept past this library, across- the long,.dim corridors, to -the room whore little Mo lay, droaming.-inl all her childish innocence upon her little •« lute bed . Striving'with mighty effort to overcome the swooning dizziness -that threatr ened to overcome her. step by-step she : made her way through the. child's room,' guided by the dim moonlight, to the door of the little parlor beyond w'hicli communicated with Max: Forrester's apart: menls. • • •"..'.-••'. ••-:' . .She-meant to knock upon it,arouse himj and warn lum of the attempt at robbery: -which -was - to.; be made • that night, As she touched the door; to her terror and dismay it yielded. to the .-slight - pressure; He must Jiave been: there before heft Great G-od ! had theiobbery already takenplace' As she crossed the threshold asightmet her gaze that froze, the, blood: m her viens, and made her .- heart stop alinoBt She saw the safe door standing open and the figure of: a man kneeling before it. The light from a chink in the dark lantern fell upon his : hands,-and m one -of them she.sawa!arge package of bank-notes; Mai. Forrester had but that day drawnfrom the Bank of England. . , She'tried to scream out—to utter awild," piercing cry, but the sound died away iu her throat. : She clung to the casement, hei,Strang ling bieatli coming and going In fitful gasps ;; A desperate resolution came ro her. The pon'er of speech seemed to have left her, but she would make her way to where the man stood and grapple with him. The noise of the scruffle would arouse Max Foirester, and she-might preent the robbery at the Ust moment, perhaps. Slowly she dropped -on her knees dragging herself slouly, softly, despite her Jiorrible pam,-to ward the -man kneelmg.before the safe. iOnemoment jnorei. and she would bo so near inn she could clutch the liand that lield the -.iiotes :-then--nOthmg but death should break hei hold. -CHA.PTEE SXXTIIL ' j x HAVE orras snr MTJ5 iiiAff tou might] •SB SPABBn." 1 " it must have beeD onlV iancy," mut- j teied Livingston, hoarsely. "There is no] , one here." ' „ \ The words were scarcely ottered ere 1 hand, cold as -death, grasped .hitn, J and a piercing cry echoed through the] room. - ' j He started taclv with a terrible im-1 ,piecation,andattempkedtoSpringthrough] the open-wmdow outmto thelialcony, butf the handlieldliira fast. j In grappbng with his adversaiy hei mad, to his amazement iiavasa svoman; j upon your own head!" he cried, staking the white arms a terrible blow, "but you mil havo it so J" By mam force he had dragged tiler to the open window 311 a trioe; but m that) instant the velvet curtains - of tlie miier . appal tmeut were hurled back, and Mas .Forrester,loaded- byian-army. of^^ewjmts.- ? who had heard the ternble cries and the struggles, sprang into the 100m. t In less than a second a flood of light from the gas jel illumined tire scene and Livingston ; tound .himself m the grasp of stalwart men. Ma\\. Foricsterdiad sprung forward. "Is tins you, Ilia Thorneho cried, incredulously Tlien she turned her face towaid him. Mil recoiled with a shocked civ. "Inez Clavermg 1 " ho gasped "In Heaven's .nanie as :tl)is 2/«w,-or.am.-I inad, . or dreaming ? How came you here." She tried to answ er him " I-1—am here to save you or yours," dio murmured, *o .faintly "that he had to bend his ear to catch the uordwtbat were whispeTedwith such diflioulty.;. She would,: have sunk to the floor had he not leached out his Arm suddenly and caught her Then, to his horror, he •siwj.he terrible - "wound < on her temple ,which';,had been ;ma;de-by ; the'-'sharpistones^on-whichvshe-: had falleny and from which the- blood -was:; flowing piteously ; Strong hand? had already pinioned: Livingston, and had taken from him tli6 package of bills and the black caso containing the Forrester diamonds " You think you have the best of me this -time: -Forrester," he said,:deliantly. ; but I have one more- card to play ereiEhis ^ 111 tie game is decided." .'So .-sayiue, ^mdk- as ,a\flash, his. Tight hand traversed to his. i breast pocket. • There 'was a -bright gleam70f steel,- ,a sudden: report, and Masamillian Forresters life would haveended then and there if it had not been that poor Inez, seeing the motion; had sprung before Max with; a wild cry, receivmg-mher owii breast the; bullet that was-intended for his...: . ..,.; £ " In an instant the greatest confusion reigned- Tliey were not .quick .-enough--tu5 •prevent the-second shot Winch.was-fired,-' and which ended, then and there,. Guy- •Livingston's misgmded life. r - ..- ; A physician was summoned in all liaste. In answer to-Max -Forrester's eager ques-: tion if the lady's injuries -would provo, fatal he said . "Ihave every reasr.n to fear so. Shil, -while^here'slife there's hope.V. .... a -'-•V She risked-lier:Iife:to'save mine," -returned Max, hoarsely... " Do: everything to save her that money and skill can suggest and accomplish, -Doctor. i.iSheiminf: not die " " She is m the hands of a power higher than ours." reproved the- doctor, quietly. "I will do everything: that can be done for her, certainly. Iu an hour's time I slia'l be able to tell you-whether it will be life or death " During - tlie hour-tliat followed,": Max: Forrester paced the corridor, in the -:greatest excitement Surely Heaven would not let the poorgirl die for: so nobly - standing between' hitQ -and- the' terrible fate that menaced him! \- At length he was summoned to her bed-. Side . "It will be all over wilh.we soon,-Max,": "she whispered. Take my hands in yours, arid hold thorn as a token that-yon forgive me for all the past.. I—T wrecked your life and—and Korabel's ;but I haveatoned' for it- at. last by.giving my, life. -to. save t'ears'falling.like?r^^ "I forgiveiyou lor all, Inez, 1 ' lie said. " Do not think of it. Forget the past as I do. > - As Heaven hoars me,.I declare to you that you aro fully and freely forgiven." "I have, brought shadows, into your difficulty ; "fiut it is in my power to bring back the sunshine soon now, very soon." She did not- tell him how she had re-. •vealed,.in broken gasps, all of the pitiful past to the astonished old' doctor. A""- going. for Flora*bol, : :an d b ringing her back to the Hall without delay. , • It was certainly-asfcrange houi'/to arouse, the inmates .^"tte'Vaei^liBpn^^Ua; "and. call for Mrs. Forrester ; but, of; course, hearing it was a case of life and death, Florabel came down at once. Faithfully tho doctbr repeated, word for word, Inez Covering's words.-' • And who shall describe Florabel's intense emotion as she listened 2 The doctor quite believed she would degrees thafc.; thes liltle child she had mourned long -years as dead was a,live, and; had been restored by the hand of fate to its own father, and was,at that moment beneath his roof iu the person of liltle ^^i^ears.feMikeSrain-doftn ihetisife'iied^o^h^ poor Inez had atoned so heroically for the terrible past by giving her life to save Florabel never remembered how she' her £ide. It all seemed to her like a con- Jused dream." , , The" doctor, pushed' open the door of the diawing-ioom and bade Jier,enter. tSome ,one was "-standing at the. further end "of the.jroomj'i his 'elbows'leaning against the-marble mantel going on lier ^Sreky dimpled ®cpeks"^ crimson fluBhija." = .., ^ "It was. Max who'stood jat the 1 feirthev end of the room—Max, the handsome, say, debonair young loveijwhp had wooed aulj won her ^mong the-blossoming vsild flofrers in 4 he pretty dell; whom she had wedded and loved with-ill the sliength oK her young heart. : Did lie really love b*er still' How her heart beat^as she took a step or two tumffly forward^ then paused holding out hei hands .towards him m a piteous «ncertain way J- ^ , r j "Max," she murmured ^buthe^idnbt hearhei, he was ^igrossed-so deeplyfin hiBown thoughts. _ ; « She approaclied him timidly, slowly, as thoughieaiful that the premise of com-j plete reconciliation was too good to bej and theiuextanstant two «oft, , :w3u.te."arias ; were clinging round his neck, and a curlyy;igolden-<,.head^wae'sbutied-:,ioA-.:hiSi! breast. y " - - Who shall describe-tlie happiness of tho reconciliation that XolloM ed 1 To Florabcl it seemeS like being ooed and won all ovei again by this handsome lover-husband Despite the hour, little '•Flera'swmaidi was sunnnonecj to, the drawing-room at. once, SM-ii -regussted to "brrag .dQiva -her little chiirge " Ko, no,'.'-:'Said-®Iorabeli gently^;-;" ws -be awakened:;, there wiE-;bfe -a?-to^ipriow;J :andmaiiy-a happy to-inorrow-foriUSi'^i:-^ '->Together":ihey-- went . to.v.-.thefcchiLd'a; room ; --and onee tliere all Flombel's forti-- lude -forsook her as she «azed.at the .lo^^.'^ltoliv'lBoeit^iriite'itajaiiflsaiaBg^ golden hair lying against the snowy pillow r iHer cIiild—her, ^eig^-tfiva^the .littlej child she had believed fioJoiwJ-o be lying In;:ita;:lLttle ; daiEy-Btudded ; ;grave'.on-&^ sloping hill-side' " . Ko wonder slie :-flung herself Hon- -Jiert knees, rweepmg f or joy- as 'sho ihad -never wept in all her life before .-But«4ojuiigj armsv -twined.; themselves- : about her. . ' fNay,•:nay, my -darling," said Max,.; softly ; " tins is-an oceaeion foMmiles, mot tears; my Florabd. :. Kememher the - old ; pro verb— 1 Alfe well that ends well."' •; CHAPTER XXXIX. tCHE WHOLE W01UD MOVES J3V iTB[ti MiGlO. PO'n'LR or lovi, There was a hurried summons to .-the sickroom. and; with arms entwined,'they; hastily - followed to the- room where poor of death •*:A: pitifullight-broke iover-thei-.death-: whitefaceasshe saw them. - They advanced; quickly and knelt by the couch " You both—forgive—she.gasped. :. ;, •••-. • - ''.Yes, as we hope to beiorgiveni-Iuez,-":. muvmuredF)ora'bel,soiemly- ."Thepast is past, my pool girl " . a " I'ou will have ahappy future,^sobbed Inez, " and 'midst all your pleasures now do not forget me—pray for a soul in; dire distress. My life has gone all wrong,'-' she wailed. "I am not sorry to go and end; it. s.11. Listen to my last; prayer, i Florabel. Il is this: That when the dark shadows are- closing in? around me, my eyes shall 5rest uponv • the,' face I have. loved best-m-life.-'!, , And here-she-held out her hand piteously toward Max:-.- •:., ;- • • -was Florabel;-who:toolrThis trembling, hand -• and . placed -. the little, • death-cold hand m it. ; " Be kind to her, Max," she Whispered, " See, slie js dying, and she lias loved j'ou :witli-a love surpassing the lovcT, of woman •—with>a-los'e which :was -her doom.-::. She gaveh.er .youngdife that-. -yours -might : be 5fax -always iiked to :remetnber-ihafc he •beat over and pressed- his-lips -to'the. eold-: iorehead 7 on-whrcli'the" damp dew-Tofdeath-; was fast gathering. A glory like a halo bt up the white face She liad.loved.him so well-—so .well—ana •she was leavinghun forever, to meet never, again on earth^--never again. •. - • . . ;..• "Would that. I. could cry. :OQt ,with-.a voice of warning to young girls that would reach the f ourcorners of <the earth. - 1 would warn them against tlie utter folly" ,of lovmg one who never will return tfceir,- • love—-whose heart is given to another: - I woiild warn.tliemito-.takei an -example by ; my unhappy life and its pitiful ending tonot try -to. take vengeance' ngamst their successful-rival, for-is '.-is-; written,-.' Vengeauce is mme,-.saith .-1he,.Lovd:Vr-,-:I,have- :smned,ibut -I have -suffered, Heaven, alone ! inows hosv-iuuch.;:. Theiear,-the suspense •that the .hana.of rate would undo all .that. I plotted kept-me-inva :fever. o£-:terror ss. horrible to endui-e as - tlve pangs cf. death itself. - I am glad it is all: over,-and :the. :.wasted: lifeiOf iuez-Glavernig. is -drawmg nearer each moment- to tho end. Ah me! it- has been such a misspent, life ,!;«How. sadly I wasted the beauty- and talents God gave me1" Suddenly she grasped the. hands that hfeld her own stdl closei \--'•'-You- will staj.-imtil ctlie- dark' water.' -B'hichis creeping.-nearpi- and nearer,,iongulfs me, Max," she whispered. • -v.^ ; -j Andvthenthey,knew:that her mmd was .wandering: .-Still^ fche great, dai'k, hurn-' mg: eyeg, :eo .terrible -in:: their: intent- gaze, - neveri-for..-:an-: instant left-iis face.-; -,and; so she died »as she -had -prayed to die— -Iooking-:-npon'-the faee-she,;had-loved-best; on earth Two days later, when the aun wasslimmg-and thedaburn'um blossoms -nodding- :in- the:,bteezei:Ahey;laidu-to-:''rest - all -thats :!was-;--mortal ".of-.-ibeautiful. .;h^less, frlnez-,: Olaveiiiig * Max and Florabel, with little Flo who, ••was delighted to .have .found- -both -ia :real': :mammaand.her own-papa;-;-:sooa-.set isailfor home m dear Australia : s.-T.-ArtterjsFlorabelJsi-emnglrotherj-^who::; -hadmAhe,fia& r -pastwausea.r4ieri.sd:tauch; 'wo&-s , w,sa\\-dehghteU,when5-he^ecWved'' »cablegramJtrom .Max:^wit , h'w3ioia.%e- had-; beeniu commfinioation- Jjinformiiighinilie; 3iad€ound.®orabeiiat;lastjiand3^'asfCom-i mg home. .tesStraightw^yAe^amedtkecablegram^fis' -old Mrs JTorresW. ^ : " W-e must gn3 them a royal welcome? jhomef"'sh.e.:said;.:-and-theiproud?/'old'^ady; 'jinitediat:iastwithiheiyolmgr,4irh6jieSiadi ihated-'jso ^profoundly- 1 whemto^Siad-ifirst? brought her home, a timid, childish, little bride fe^ea%en&hpSeam3ely; : :when|!iIax's!^eart.; f-ul, faulty Inez " h.sjileKfoViwfi'jft'nrtB'OTmteOTnuM^ ior a •-E.Iiame'',, and'" t. ^TO^n^U^nithi-Sthat It jhtMieC^nd^vi'ChtheJhoie^ SiHtifin#{ 5 jT y n. i : -ist^-es! shone out in all its grandeur. She lefq^ed^ |o-Aal&ifrommsAhat;»luohweliad56njayea; -beliayingitto- beourssoiioiigjandwouldj take but a modest third. She had heaped coals of i] re *on" o ur gudty hr.ads; and-ziow with our latest iireatli we shallialess her j never " ' Noone spoke of Florabel save with warmest praise, -md it made Mis. 3?ori-ester!8->heart.feel young again: to hear 4 f Max's father had from the firstT:o the last --maintained. unsljaked -faithn' -Florabe!. Alow eagerly tney ioolced ton\ ardtotiiteir ^ " \i\ f°»How.i^gerlythey.lookedforwardtothbiii lne covins and how anxious Weie W see.;iittje Elo., who, 3tax hacl wriltep .them, was. "a-3iear.ty, romping, child-now;; ,Wllo,;diSaained' 4ilike : the use: oi crutch -orfi .stick, and was-plump and rosy-as-they could wish" r;-. Great,were ,-the preparations:made.aithe : : J^oiTester.-'.ieountiy-sjeat, and--again, as.on : gathered to receive them " " •Afclast the xarriage -which-wa3 -Eent: to; the- citv-to'.meet.thevsteainer?ivas sighted,; andMrs;-Forrester's heart tieat- ingh'aBfshe.; heard the welcome news With what delight- afidi'affiBction she rer - ceiyed them, j,nd how proud she as of , .among.-the.assemblediguests 1 ,;; ? -ip 'c--:.Sie.liad gone throughtfiery ordeals. .She had known every depth of human woe ; but-ilje-bright hazel-eyessshowed no-signs; of-the curmng tears tliey/had shod. . Tho lovely face was not -furrowed by lines ot; care. -Slie was -tlie saTno Florabel'of- bid -ra trifle graver., .perhaps, but all -the sweeter and • more wouianlj' for that giailty. -, .'/-Fiveyearshave passedsmce-that.memorable night of Max and Florabel's homecoimag. .There have ,-beeu.";gr6at.^changesr Max-siatheriand mother, have long since passed away, and Max and -Florabel live' now at Forrester Villa \- -T wo lovely children gambol on tho lawn —Flora, a pert, saucy Miss ofmearly ten years now.' tho idol of licr father and mother ; and a little dark-eyedsist-er. - \- - If .you should ask her lier name, she would turn her dark, velvety eyes upon j'ou, and, tossing back her. raven ringlets; answer •••?.'- i "jPapa.-.-oa]lsi''"!nie:' ! 'lit-tle-: | .Sunshmev:.rbut mamma calls mB ' : Inez-' T am namedTafter. the dark-eyed lady whose iportrait : hangs in the picture aallcrv. ' -It is, indeed,' a happy household, and; Florabel olten roguishly declares, although she is now :six-and-twenty,- -Max • is; more her lovp than 111 those -.old -days . when she was.sweet sixteen, and when he,, the hezrrof. the-dForresterimllions,,. „ — , wooed her Under the guise of a gaidenei, and g^e wedded him for love and not foi gold. There is httle-to aUd, dear reader, when oui heroine and her handsome husband rp re nnitpfl united and hirmv liappy at last Those iliosc who know them smile and call them " mariTed.loyers,-' ,.ior. Max. fairly wor^: ships his beautifulwife- and adores their children There is not one cloud now -in. sweet 3MaJabel%'skyr'.The^uu Shafefihiuesaboveher is more golden than;tbe bright- future: which lies before her, for there 1a always contentment and .joy" Where love .rules, -supreme.- Handsome Max*never ceases blessing tho day-when he became, a husband. and all through the years 'hat come a^ go he will, stillie ScauiifulMomlclx. Lovci, THE EN T D. 