MY AtTfffg ADVESWIIE, Sr CEOKOE DOWSING SBJOISS. The following incident is a strictly trna account of an adventure that happened to my aunt, more than Hf ty years ago, in the city of London. We were all gathered arqund the Chi is;, maa fire, and, as was our wont, alter the fes- tivities of the day, were telling ghost storiee. It was a sort of custom in our family to tell weird and ghostly tales on that evening. Ort this particular night onr Aun': Alica was present, and after some persuading, con- sented to tell us something thai happened tu her when a girl. "What I am going to tell ia not a ghost story. It is an adventure that befell me many years ago, when ,,. Burking ' waa a common crime. No doubt you all know whit that means, aa a case occurred not long ago in Baltimore. For those who do not understand I will explain. " In those days the opportunities of pro- curing bodies for medical exposition and instruction were limited. The students and professors were therefore compelled to resort to all sorts of underhand means, euch as robbing churchyards and rifling tombs. But bodies could not be proauredfaat enough even by such means. There now appeared a man who invented a plan for which he becane notorious. A fellow called Burke. This wretch would hire some ruffian to Bteal up behind a man or woman and throw a powerful sticking plaster over his victim's month. Strangulation would shortly ensue and the murderer would then take the body to some medical college and sell it for a high price, as it would be free from all fracture. This was what we understood by ' Burking,' and, alas ! it accounted only too truly for many of the mysterious disappearances in those days. " We were living at the time of my adven- ture in the heart of the1 Modern Babylon.' One night father and I were left alone in the house, the rest of the family having gone to visit some friends. We were talking together in bis study, when he suddenly remembered that hs had an important communication to give to my uncle. " ' Ob, child. I am sorry they have gone ont ?' he exclaimed. "'Why?'I asked. "-Tour uncle should have got that letter without fail to-night, and now it ia impos- sible.' "«Cannot I go?' "'Absurd 1 No, child, under no circum stances.' \- - Oh, but father,' I continued, * you know it is not far to uncle's, and the streets are lighted all the way. I must go. I shan't be more than half an hour; nothing on earth can happen to me.' " I am afraid I waa rather fond of hav- ing my own way in those days ; for go I did, with the parting admonition, 'Don't stay at your uncle's, but hurry home,' ring- ing in my ears. " My uncle's house was about a mile from ours. There were two ways of getting to it ; one, by a read, although it. took longer, was well lighted; the other was by a eross-cut through numerous small street and alleys. " The night was cold and damp. After a brisk walk I reached my uncle's, gave my message and the valuable letter, and was about to go when one of my cousins, running up to me, said,-, " ' Oh, Annie, can't you atop a minute and Bee my new dress?" "1 Well I'll atop one*minute and no longer,' I replied. "But one minute waa prolonged to two, and two to three, and still I lingered. The new dresa wa3 aolabsorbing a topie that it had banished my father's words entirely from my mind. I do not know how long I should have stayed had not my eye at last caught sight ot the clock, and I saw to my dismay I that it was half-past nine. The parting ! words of my father came to my mind, and I waa heartily sorry for my thoughlesa dis I obedience. " ' Oh, girls, I must go ! don't say another wordl Good-by.' " Throwing on my cloak and seizing my hat, I rushed down stairs. I almost ran now, in my haste to make up for lost time. Suddenly the thought, « since you are so late, why not take the short cut V came to my mind, and I acted upon it immediately. "There were only a few people in the streets as I walked home, and they seemed to get fewer as I approached what had been pointed out to me]as ' Thieves' Alley.' Past gloomy little shops, which Dickens so marvellously describes in his great works, and past numerous odd turnings, I hurried. Through ' Thieves' Alley,' quiet aa a mouse, r stole. I had passed the worst now, I thought. " I next came to a street bounded on both sides by dilapidated houses. The placa was so silent that I heard the echo of my own footsteps. I do not know what it was, but a feeling of impending danger so fell upon my mind I stopped and listened The street was silent and deserted. I crept along with eye and ear strained to catch the slightest sound. I had reached the middle of the block when I heard a step behind me. Be- fore I could look around my arma were seized, and a terrible weight was pressing into my back. I tried to scream but my throat seemed paralyzed with fright. I was in the hands of one of. the''Burke' gang! He had been lying in wait for ma, and would kill me ! " Ob, the honor of that moment ! I shall never forget it. The ruffian tren began to draw my arms together. 'I saw his purpose. He wanted to hold my arms with one hand, BO that with the other he might put the dreaded plaster on my face. Suddenly a thought-it waa God-given came to my mind If I could wrench my arms free at the moment he would hold them with his one hand I might escapa. Slowly he brought my arma together. Hiä powerful hand waa already grasping my wrieta when, with all the nervous passion of dispair, I threw my two fists back over my shoulders, and struck the villain full in the face. An oath, followed ' by a fall, was all I heard. I flaw. Girls can run aa well as boys sometimes. But horror ! the wretch was following me. Footsteps rattled cn the pavement behind. I tore on, but my breath was going. My pursuer was raotdly approaching, still I reeled on, when -rapture never to be forgotten-I saw a 'peeler,' (that was what they called a police- man in those days) - approaching. The foot- steps behind me Btopped. I was saved ! " I gained the highway and reached our bouse. In order to gain the instant atten- tion ot those inside, I thrust my arm through the front window. There was a crash, and I fell fainting on the steps. Father came run- ning out and oarried me in, where after a time I told him ali. ' ' That is my adventure ; and in conclusion, my annt continued, " I trust no one of you will ever have to undergo such an ex- perience." A New Telephone-Mr.C. A.Ball has taken ous another patent for transmitting and recording speech and other sounds, in which he makes ninety-two claims. The number is 2,263 ot 1S8G. A glass tube is fastened on a vibratory Bupport-of soundboard, and pure water is paBsed through it, the jet playing on the diaphragm of a transmitting telephone. On talking to the soundboard, the sound- waves throw the jet into vibrations, whioh are thus transferred to the telephone dia- phragm and transmitted as electrical un- dulations. 8C» 