; GREEN'S PLAINS : July 30,,1888, The season so far is all that could be desired; beautiful mild weather, 'and no frost,Wheat, oats, grass &c;, are growing {fast. Some of the early sown crops are already covering the ground.The chief enxiety :with the farmers at present i|s {concerning ihte' probable price' of wheat. {The present state of the market is Cerfeiiir ly not very encouraging Last evening at about half past seven o'clock,a splen did meteor was seen sklr about in the east,it was one of the brightest ever seen here, and was really a magnificient sight, remaining vis ible until it disappeared. Chili bars £81 10s. COPPER market stil improving, Four Minister gone to Melbourne. EMPEROR WiIliam now in Denmark. . Two more agrarian outrages in Iceland 8,000 Navvies have struck work: in Paris. GLOOMY prospects lot Northern Agricul turists. The Sadina district has returned £157 for dog fees. Cr BEID'S right to sit in the Council going to be tested. _ Our correspondent has a high opinion ol Northern .Mines. This Paskeville ratepayers still wish to hare a recreation -ground. TASMANIA ib experiencing the coldest winter of tile last seven years. BENJAMIN again on the warpath. A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. THE Rev. Dr Faton attraeted large congre gations at Wallaroo on Sunday. Cr CHATFIELD resents any personal allu sious when he takes auction in a public spirit. The Sooth Australian Court is one of the most advanced in the Melbourne Exhibition. Cr PoTTER had better get those holes in the square filled up before Ben comes along. Mr HOSKING Inspector the aeooois died on July 29, at his residence, Whitmore Sqaira. The Wallaroo Corporation hae been looking out (or the wants of the Wallaroo and Moonta road. Thb Chairman of the Kndina Council according to Ben, owes his seat to a casting yote in favor oi 5s slaughtering licences. Thb Australians made a bud draw against Yoikesiiire. Heavy rain interfered with tli» game. Crs COWLEY and Crosby are down otk all dangerous holes, wherever they may be found. Mr West Erskine has been criticising the management at Broken Hill Proprietary Msne. Grainger put the Hamley directors through their facings at the meeting on Friday. A correspondent writes to know if Mr Styles is quite correct, as the recret of Mr Christmas' success. " David Gall's Ghost " has been writing to the " itegister ' on the subject of encroach metit on the park lands. The Kadina Council has appointed a com mittee to draw' up suggestions for the new Municipal Corporations Bill. Is, it because Brother Styles aat under Mr Christmas at Port Wakefield that after his arrival at Kadina he sat on him. THE Hamley Mine Board has had new blood, Messrs Cowan and Howe taking the place of Messrs Bellingham and Milne. THREE seems to be a great run on home made poetry for those " in memoriam" notices appeaoing in the Adelaide dailies. IT is reported that owing to pressure of Qhdstonian member*, Mr Parnell likely to bring an action for libel against the Times. SlR GRAHAM BEREY has made Admiral Field apologise for the slur he cast on Vic torian legislators in the House of Commons. It is said that there is a disagreement in the Victorian Ministerial Camp, between Mr Gilles end che chief Secretary (Mr Deakenj. A Mitchelstown jury has brougbr in a verdict attributing the death of Mr Mundeville to the bad treatment he received in Tullamore goal. Italy has annezad MasBOwah, and the Premier complains of the action of France in attempting to prevent Italian activity in Africa. Thk Kadina Inspector has visited the stable-cum-house on the Moonta line, and is not deeply impressed with its excellence as a health resort. JUDGE Windeyer has reported against the release of Regan, Newman and Miller, who were convicted for taking part in the Mount Rennie outrage. THOSE water assessments are a decided curiosity and should oocupy a prominent, place in the South Australian Court at the Melbourne exhibition. Mr MCDONALD of Ninnes thinks if tho rate payers are asked to contribute much more towards road making that some oue else will have to use the roads. THE Kadina Council will require to secure a Parliamentary table for Ben's list of Acts, but his most pressing want is a copy of the Standing Orders. Mr Chambeelain has delivered a speech at Birmingham, in which he declared if Mr Gladstone's proposals for Home Rule were carried it would mean a Civil War. ADMIRAL FIELD who said in the House of Commons that the votes of Victorian legis lators couid be purchased, has succeeded admirably in making an ass of himself. THE REV. Dr Paton, by request, preached his famous sermon on, " The race for riches." The Doctor's remarks did not d'sclose. wheth or he hud any intimate knowledge of Biock 14. The Sydney Maritime "labor council is > is making a determined stand against all 1 steamers who carry Chinese crews, and in I every instance so far they have been encoess , ful. THERE is to be an enquiry in Adelaide by the Deau into certain churges against the Rev J. M. Donaldson orKapunda. The nature of the charges have not been dis closed. Otf Friday last an aboriginal, skull was found near Gilberton, in - the locality of a former native burying-plaea. It was unearth ed by a man who was engaged in digging sand from the bed of the Torrens. There are few, even of the intensely sport ing fraternity, wlio would like to ekperienoe the odour of the stable in their bedroom. Yet this is what the line repairer on the Moonta line bos to put up with. THE GLADSTONE BKANCIi of the Farmern' Association hare appointed a committee to formulate a soheme for the establishment of a local produce factory. A meeting will then be called to consider the question. MESSES Catt and Johnson are important members of the Ministry this week ii they never were before. The former is Treasurer, Commissioner of Works and Crown Lands, and the latter Minister of Education, Chief Secretary arid Attorney General. The clashing of jurisdiction in connection with the fisheries in the North Pacific and Arctic waters is still pausing serious trouble. American vesseia sent, out for the purpose have captured four British sealers in Bohring Straits, the -channel dividing the two oceans. The matter is being enquired into. THE Yarmood Tnrcoruans who inhabit the country to the north-east of Samurcund, the prcscm terminus of the Trans- Caspian Rail way, hare broken out into open revolt against the Russians' Armed bands are traversing the coqntry plundering the rill ages, causing great loss of life, and spreacli ng ruin and terror in their course. 