l11OVcliat, A Lat6 RpenBntance; OR, HE LITTLE.WHITE HANO. Bly M3rs. Mary A. Denison. CHAPTER Xi. "nar I IIun HUSILuND, OF COUnSEo ' A little cottage, superlatively cool and dark .out the hall by reason of the many clam. ,-ring vines that dropped Itch clusters of Tonne here and there over the porch. A poor litt'e cottage,but a clean and wholesome nabitation. The hall floor was sanded. It had two fagf bottomed chairs in it, one each side of a iny table, and a child's carriage, very bright and pretty but sorely delapidated as to up .cltering, stood at the farther end, next the door that led into the yard. Theron, reposing upon a pillow white as show, was an enor onus rag baby, dressed in a child's !r" , with two flabby and very much worn m lying outside the gay silk counterpane. 1a the room at the front were various articles of furniture, no two alike, that had been bought a: sales to make up the housekeeping of a tidy young couple who had very little money to begin with. Next was the kitchen, with its sanded floor and shining dressers. Never was such a wonderful array of tius that really dazzled one when the sun shone in, as if they had been silver. A red.cheeked woman, rather young and other comely, was putting the last touches poen sundry loaves as white as snow, just nady for the oven. Ever and anon she could look out of the window under the flut. ering folds of the curtains that beautified he under half of the panes, at a child,whose ittle face was half hidden, by a long, demure asking shaker. She seemed hunting for lowers, and her little voice hummed in a oappy way-or burst into musical laughter is whim, fancy, or pleasure touched her. The woman kept calling to her, as garru. onus tonges must always;hare some excusefor :lacking. "Dotty, don't go into the sun." "Dotty, take the flowers out of your apron." "Dotty, get out of that dirt." And finally a call, which the child responded with alacrity: 'Dotty, come in and get some milk and take." In came the wee thing, her shaker pushed nack upon her neck. And now one could see hat the child was a very cherub for beauty. Great golden curels, heavenly blue eyes, a red onoth, as dainty and shining as the two :lices of a ripe cherry, and beautiful milk Lite teeth. This was the pereoenel of little Doty Inchbrowe. • Come here, my darling; do you know you're not worth your keep I" cried the ittle woman, heartily twisting ofifher floured ,pron with a dextrous movement, and whisk i::c the child up to her knee. "I oves so," was the sweet answer, and the lips looked more like ripe cherries than ever. "And if I didn't love you, I wonder what would become of you?" queried the woman, n a hall merry, hall petulant voice, then added aside: "For two years I ain't seen the color of their money, and likely enough, poor chick, they're all dead or gone off to the ,le country. Well, well-mothers might as well be cate, some of 'em." "Cake-cake, mamma." "Oh, you ravenous little robin, it's well you were born a beauty. Suppose, now, yon were red-headed, freckled, snub-nosed, with a mouth like an eel's, I wonder how you'd lase then? But it's an angel you are,and so it' father thinks." One peculiarity this woman had of liken. tog everything that pleased or disgusted her I to some reptile, beast, or bird. It was a little nanneriem productive sometime of mirth end sometimes insuering a rebuke from her natter.ofifact husband; but it seemed in brd, and no reproof could break her of the habit. Presently a neighbor appeared at the bitehen door--a tall woman, all nose and ?h?are chin, the latter actually divided in 're centre by what was called by courtesy a l'imrle. She wore a shaker which was the ' ?hionable covering for young and old in '.'at !ceality, a scant chbocolate.colored -rapper, and her neck was guiltless of rufle or any show of linen. Instead a broad rtbun of chaeoclate and white, very much aced and rumpled was tied in a bow, but, as ?rh raid, layi g her hand on it, it had "wobbled round to the side." "Why,Miss Prissy 1" was the little wonian's inrmal welcome. I didn't know as yoand gst back." "Well, yes, here be what's left o' me-a mere beg o' bones, I tell the kunnel." it.D)o sit down and let me know all about And, seizing the discarded apron, she wiopda chair, though there was no need for tt end placed it for her visitor. "Tihe lord is muesiful Miss Inchrowe, though it's but poor stick's we be," continued onis Prissy; is her high, nasal tones, sliding n tothe chair, and crossing her hands by 'be ,wrists. he he wasn't museiful, I wouldn't be here." SWhy - anything happened ?" asked Doty's oWner. "Didn't you enjoy yourself to Pecksville? Didn't you leave the' "Um-Dwhat didn't die and what wasn't nurdered," was the laconic response. "Oh, my goodness I What do you mean ?" cded the little woman, getting very close to tervisitor ; "yo make mefeel like a green 4beb-I mean them snakes that wriggle so. y the cold chills go creepin' down my "pho like flies." ': LP4 " " I've seen eights, Miss Inohrowe-sights," continued Miss Prissey, having worked her listener up to the highest point of feminine curiosity. "My cousin's youngest gal died o' fever, and she was blue as indigo about the nose, and so she was buried." Then Deacon Mueletiok, aged eighty-nine, was to church in the morning, and towards tea time was took with a stroke, and buried on a Wednesday. Then old Stasks lost his old great granny, over a hundred and six, and lived on barley water for ten years, gredilly drying up till taken in her cheer, five o'cloek in the morning, which she hadn't dressed herself afore for fifteen years. She'd the biggest funerial I ever saw-people seemed to come from the ends of the earth. in cer. ringes and stage coaches : and lastly'of all, a passenger who stopped at the old Steak's house was murdered in her bed- and she ain't buried yet, I expect. To tell the truth, es I said to the kunnel, I took a fright and cleared out." "Oh,Miss Prissey, what a story of horrorel Bless me,'it just makes me feel as if some trouble was coming to us. "Who murdered the poor creature?" " Why, her husband, of course I" said Miss Prissy, with a scveroeac·csnt, setting her teeth together, and recrossing her wrists; "but people will git rarried." " Of course they will, MissiPrissy, but it's only here and there one gets murdered, you know." "Only by slow degrees- by inches as it were," said Miss Prissy,. viciously, which I known of several cases, children or no child. ren." " But what did be do it for 2" "' Wat do men do everything wicked for? W' a, do they exist for ?" a.ked Miss Prissey. ' ish unto Heaven that the world was rid of chem." "Oh, now, Miss Prissy, look at my hue. band." "Well, there are deceptions, of course." "You mean exceptionu, Mies Prissy." "Well, the Lord is mussiful. He knows what I mean. But don't I smell bean soup 2" "Yes,yonu do, Stephen is so fond of itll Won't you stay and have some 2" for' Miss Prissy had risen by inches, and covered her long nose with her shaker. "I would, Miss Inohrowe, but we've got bean oup to 'home, I thank you. Do you out your pork up small?' "la-ther small," answered the little woman dubiously. "It should be so small that you could pick up two on the tongs ofa fork, and fried till brown. Then turn the soup over." "Turn the soup over?" queried the other. "Yes, on to the frizzled pork. Well, I bdlieve I've told you everything. As I said before, the Lord is mussiful, and poor shoats we be. Good-.morning." All this time little Dotty had been silently muoching her cake and eyeing Miss Prissy's long nose, which seemed longer because the's was a wart on the end of it. Now she was sitting quiet and silent, her eys. fixed on the board. "' What's Dotty thinking about," asked the little woman, letti'g out a whif of peculiar fragrance as she openedthe oven door. "Dotty ain't sinkin' nothin'," was the re ply, and the child clambered down, and ran screaming with delight to the door. She had heard footsteps that, rough and uneven though they were, held a subtle harmony which only a child's ear could interpret, and in another minute the pretty creature was caught and swung up aloft, her great blue eyes looking down into the honest brown ones shining under the broken rim of astraw hat. "'I declare to you, Neddy, that child eats into my heart every day,"he said, as he came in and hung up his shakyhat. " She cat into mine long ago; and now, like a little mouse, she stays there nibbling,' laughed his wife. "But come, Stephen, the soup is ready." CHAPTER XII. "FIYVE sUNDRED DOLLARS OEWAORD !" Autumn winds had touched the long ten drils of the vines still hanging lovingly to the tiny porch, and threw great splashes of yellow and brown on hill and field. They had slso changed the color of the sky and the tinting of the rivers. The great dahlias in Stephen Inchrowe's little back garden flamed in crimson and all shades of red, but the first frost had touched them, and they hong their heads languidly like sick children. LIt.le Miss Dotty's toilet had changed like wise. A frock of thick stuff, a brown back ground, plied with bright scarlet streaks, set off ter childish beauty. The round white arms were warmly incased in apron-sleeves, and only a bit of her milk-white neck was visible. "Well,Steenie, how about the land ?"asked his wife, as he came in one night, tired from the milking, and sat down to the cheerful tea table. "Don't ask. me," he said, with the fair frankness of his face growing cloudy. ' WVinch won't let me have it under the two han dred down, and it is cheap, dirt cheap. If that money would only come I" "It's been owing now for two years. It would be more than the two hundred,Steenie. Bless her darling little head I" These words were delivered, with a loving glance towards the child, who, quite ab stracted from the contemplation of all earthly matters beyond her own little world was busy hushing her doll to sleep. " Bless her !" ejaculated Stephen, the cloud vanishing, " she's worth more than a good many aceres of land." . "That she is. And do ye know, Steenie, it seems sometimes as if she must be my own flesh and blood, there's such a oneness between us? And then she's just a perfect little beauty." " There's no child can match her in this town,'added Stephen, proudly. "And the bret of it is, nobody here knows aught but she's our child." "Thas's so. Since we brought .her here, within three years, I've never whispered a word of it; and she, poor darling, will think we are her parents till the end o' time." "That is, if they never come after her,' looking at the little one wh-.had apparently succeeded in her motherly task, and was now tucking up the' doll to profound slumber for the night. "If they coma after her, Steenie, it would break my hhenrt, since there's never likely to be none o' my own." - "Nevol mind, little woman-don't cry; it'll be time enough when the trouble comes; and it may never." . "Wouldn't you give bher up, even for the money, Steeniel" asked his wife with tearful eyes. - "Ire. told yon a'ready, the money's no thing, though I do want the bit a' land sorely." "Mammy, mammy 1" coaxed the child's sweet voice. . ... Thelittle woman caught hed passionately to her bosom. Only three days after, Mies Prissy came into the house, her cap-strings flying. " If here beant an advertkement for alittle Sgal as her name'a the very same as youre,"she said, breathlessly; "and do gi' mesomeseedse o' .them morsin' glories you had in the summer. It jest came to my hrad that we never hev such rich ones, nor near: so big." The little woman felt the blood-leave her face drop by drop, and she caught at the re queost for morning-glory Eeed, as a drowning man catches at a straw, to save her con science and appearance. From the first word that had fallen about the advertisement, she had believed that the parents of Dotty were on her track, 'though surely the father moat know," she said to herself. "I'll give you plenty of seed," she an ,ewered, pulling on her shaker to hide her face, which had grown so white that, as she caught a side glance, in the little glass, a frightened her. "But you should have nice earth, well mixed with stable manure. An advertisement, did you say? And the name same as Dotty's? Well, don't know as that's anything singular. Let me see it." "There 'tie. And ain't you robbed your. self o' them seeds? Well, tbhe Lord's mussi. ful, and we be poor shoats. If I don't make as good a show next year as Miss Brown on the corner, my name ain't Prissy. Butland, I must be going." " Oh, this is a story paper, isn't it? Let mo look at it awhile, won't you ? I'll hand it hack." "Keep it and welcome. It ain't nothin' more to me, and the kennel never looks at a paper twice. Good-morning." As the lank figure disappeared, little Mrs. Inchrowe threw her bonnet to the floor, pressed hack her hair,drew a long breath,and held the paper up to her eyes with unsteady hands. Little Dotty was nursing her doll, in near vicinity to a mud puddle, along whose edge stood a number of curious connical piles, dripping and black, and which were supposed to be pies, rea4y for the oven. The child had dabbled her clebn clothes, and was stealthily and gleefully enjoying the dirt. " RwAnD OFFERED." That was the way it commenced. "FIVE HUNDRED DOLLrSC REWARD.-FOUr years ago a little child was put to board by its father, under an assumed surname with a farmer's family in Pennsylvania town. The father having left the country, as is supposed, and the mother beinganxious for the recovery of the little one, ofiers the above nanled sum for any news of its whereabouts. The family were strangers in the place and foreigners. The child was called Dotty,'diminutive for Dorothea. Information may be sent to the old Stanks Housence, Pecksville. All arrearages will be promptly paid." "Father gone out of the country," mur. mured the woman, "' mother don't even know what name the child had. Oh, I can't give her up." " Well, wife, that is news;!' said Stephen, with a long, low whistle. "Five hundred dollars and all arrearages paid up, that'll be over seven hundred dollars, and I'm a made man,!' he added, striking his thigh. 't Oh, Steenie 1" cried his wife, and the cry was almost a shriek. "I've had her for my very own so long, I shall die to lose her now. "Why, little woman I But you see what right have we to keep her?" - S"Every right; hasn't she slept in my bosom for almost fire years? What have they cared for her in. all that time?" she sobbed, passionately. " Steenie,-it would be worse than laying her in the grave-ob, a thousand times worse. My heart is bound up in her; if she went, you would soon lose me, ioo, Steenie; you would, you would." Now Stephen, ordinary man though he was, loved his thrifty little wife to distrac tion. It cut him to the heart to secher tears and hear her moans. He had often talked over the possibility of this ending for the -child, but never looked at it quite in earnest. The little one was also very dear to him--so dear that to miss the patter of her tiny feet as he came to the door. and to feel that she was gong from him forever, would have .shaken him to the very core of his being, But he also felt for this unknown, perhaps sufcering woman ; though it was true,atleast apparently so, that she hadnot cared for the child enough to inquire alter its well being. He reflected also that the little one might be the child of misfortune, and in that case the woman had been sorely hampered, and unable to compass the fulfiment of her wishes, as an innocent mother might have done. And to what .might he consign the child? In his home she was sure, to grow gentle, modest, and humble, trained to be the excellent wife of an honest working man-in his eyes, the best condition in the world. On the other hand, all her future was hidden in the dark, and though they might not know it, there would always be a latent and terrible fear and end uncertainty. " Oh, Steenie, you do look so solemn I You are going to give her up-give up our darling for money." "But, deary, how can we keep her in con science?" " We can-we can; we need nevrr say any. thing about the advertisement. If they coma here-if somebody sends them- and claim her, then I must let her go; but any other way, would kill me, surely." "Hush, hush I don't talk in that manner," he said, patting her head, for she was on her knees at the side of his chair; let's think it all over, and sleep on it at least. Then we'll see to morrow." "Oh, but Steenie, to cell her-to sell her for money I" "You're stark crazy about it, little woman," said Stephen, as he took the child on his lap-stark, starin' mad. If you'll thihk a little, she isn't yours. "Oh, but, Steenie, I love her so! Steenie, you don't know how I lovehier," she reitc. rated pathetically, the tears streaming down her cheeks, " She's my baby, Steenie, ndy only one. What would I do if you were gone ? Who would take your place? Jost so I feel about her. It's only being silent. I'm sure there something wrong-about them that owned her. and that wouldn't bear the light of day. They had no right to neglect her; she hasn't had the mother feeling once, and I have had all the love, and, care, and trouble, without pay, too, Steenie; and I be. lieve I felt better. Oh, Steenie, think with me, and let me keep her." " Well, well, we'll see. Of course we must give.up the land." " Oh, husband I you wouldn't sell her!" "I can'n see it in that light, little woman, but, of course, you've always broncuht me round, and always will, I believe, seeing I'm such a goose as to be brought round by a woman. Isupposo as we might keep still about it.'" - "Oh, Steenie " . There was such breathless suspense in her eyes, howcould ho endnrd itl?. So he said, much against his better judgement: "Well, well, we won't say anything about it for the present." And she left him with shining eyes. CHAPTER 'xIt. DALTroN's lGonaT Ifo order to account for the advertisement, we most go back to the time when, in the best spare chamber of the inn, a fair woman lay under the mask ofdeath, andpublio ouri ositywas raised to its utmost. The usual means were taken to discover the culprit, but so carefully prepared had been all the details of the eecape that no light had yet been throwh upon the matter. The coachman had seen a man sitting motionless upon a black hbrse at the corner of a certain road, but though the road had'been thoroughly searohed,'the horseman had apparently been seen by no other human being. SIt was the second day atlr thle inquest,and] several physicians had driven to the old Stasks hone, whose broad portals were filled with men who had come for miles, many of them to be'preent at the funeral serveices of old ;Granny Slineks. These medical and sientific gentlemen had come for a purpose; that purpose was discection of thle stomach of the poor victim, in order to aseertain what was the nature of the poison by which she i ev'dently died. When the funeral cortege I leftt DPiton, not having a fondness for ecr-I vices of that lugubrious kind, had managed to remain behind. Those of the servantsewho did not go were moving quietly about the kitchen and back premises. Andrew, with a book in his hand aunsual, satin his grotesque fashion, shoulders over ears, oblivious to all that was iasiTing about him. To him the soft, neutral tints of the hill.side, the gentle curve of the valley, the flickering shadows of gold and green that seemed to chase each other over. the fields, the intense blue of the sky-a June blue'that sometimes creeps into an autumn atmos phere, the eloping islands of white cloud, fading from brightness into beauty were as nothing. He was'deep in somemedimvalcon quest. Dalton had stationed himself by. the win dow from which she had called him a few evenings before. A late bird piped sweet music from the boughs of a solitary tree growing before the porch. It seemed to him like a shrine, that casement, whose panes of greenish white glass were set in diamond shaped, and it was to be forever associated in his mind with the singular intensity of feeling with which he had regarded an utter stranger . Now ne could bear the movements in the inner chamber and the sound of soft talking. He set his lips together hard as he thought of that day, and the man whose dastardly deed had tarnished the brightness of this poor, gentle life. Suddenly the handle of the door turned. A longish face, with longish hair and beard, and a pair of green spectacles; under which the eyes looked asround andhard as pebbles, was thrust out. He nodded towards Dalton as if he wished to speak with him. The boy went forward and saw that the man had a towel in his hand, and that his face was un naturally pale. "My lou,t wish you would call your mother immediately." " Mother's not at hoino, air; she's gone to granny's funeral." " Oh, yes," said the man, softly, looking at the wall over Dalton's head. " Oh, yes," he reflected, "I might have known. How is it with the maids-are they all gone?" he asked. Dalton noticed that the talk in the next room was very rapid, and that there was a deal of confused moving about as of chairs and tables being pushed aside. " There's Hannah Crig, bhe that helps the cook," said Dalton, " and Mary Medway the chambermaid." "Which is the oldest ?" asked the doctor. • Oh, Hannah Crag, 1 think. She's older than mother, though Mary Medway isn't much younger. They've both been here for years." "We may want two," said the doctor medi tatively; " but just at present you may ask Hannah Crag up. here. Tell her to bring some water, boiling hot." "Yes,'eir," said Dalton, and disappeared on his errand. Presently he came upstairs, followed by Hannah, whose moon like face, smooth, gray hair, small blue eyes, and pendulous ponder. ous double chin were all quivering with curi osity. "If ever there's a thing I do detest," she Paid, as she stopped for a moment on the landing to recover her breath, "it's being called anywhere to do anything by a doctor. How ever shall I face them all ?" _ "Oh, easy enough, Hannah. I don't sup. pose there's much to do," said Dalton. "If it was gruel, now, or wine whey-but I'll dream of it for nights if I have to ace or touch that woman." .. "There, I've knocked," said Dalton, " you must.g_.in,"and as the door opened he gently pushed her forward. Then he lies. ened. There was more talking, then a quick, ter. rifled scream, then the door opened. Hannah Crag rushed past him, almost knocking'him down, her face pale, her mouth open, and flew down the stairs as fast as her ponderous limbs would allow. It happened that as she. disappeared,and before Dalton could speak, Mary Medway, who was a slender woman, with a dried up.face, though it was by no means an unpleasant one, was coming from sombwhere in the upper regions, and just as she made her appearance opposite Dalton, the doctor's face was at the door. "Where's that fool gone ?" he asked, angrily. "Come in here a few moments and I'll pay you for it," he added, addressing Mary Medway, who gave one slow glance from Dalton to the doctor, and then went in. Dalton listened now all in a tremor. What could it be? Never had his curiosity beenso awakened. Again a cry, though fainter and less surprised then Hannah Crag's had been, sounded in the stillness, but Mary did not come out as her predecessor had done, but remained-and there was again a great rat. tling-then dead silence; What could it be? Dalton ran down stairs to find Hannah Crag, but Hannah was not to be seen. She had fled from the house, and gone to a crony of hers, a neighboring servant. There was a shed directly under the win dows of tho spare'room, and' into whose windows by standing on tiptoe he could look. It was easy of ascent by a heavy trllia of. wood.work which he had often climbed. • Wcnk much labor he lifted himself from one cross-plece to the other till he alighted on the shed. The blinds were closed, bot the slats being moveable, he could manage to bring a part of the room within the ecope of his vision. He distinctly saw Mary Medway folding a large piece of blanket, and then stooping over the bed. Just then, the same doctor who had appeared at the doorway came forward, holding a vial up'and shaking it. Still intent upon the thing- that occupied his thouights, he drew himself up by main force, holding on to the blind- fastenings, so that he could see the bed. Then a dreadful tremor ciame over him. ' He shivered from bead to foot, and grew dizzy, nearly falling, hnot aving himself by a clutch at the blinds. I?,nrful that the noise he made would at. tract attention, he let himself down, clamb. ered over the trellis, ran through the wide hall,and appeaired on the porch so thoroughly shaken up,. that Andrew, startled from his book, directed hid attention that way, then gave a sort of shake to his shoulders that re leased his ears. ' Whatever's come over you, boy," he queriod, letting thb book rest on his knee. "I-I've seen her 1" said Dalton with chat. terins teeth. "Well, what of it? It's not the first dead body you've looked st in your life-time, is "Bnttbhut"-and he clutched Andrew's shoulder with his shaking hand-"shbes not deadl I" "What " and Andrew sprang up with the agility of a monkey. " I--I saw her as plainly as I see you ;the bed-curtains were drawn, the pillows piled high; she seemed .halfaitting, and ILswear she opened her eyes .and moved her head." "You swearl Who ever heard each a crazy loon? He swears a poisoned woman, who I-s been dead tio days, is living-" "And that," said Dalton parsuing his own thoughts, 'is the meaning of the screams. Ioth of them screamed, and poor Hannah was frightened out of her wits.'" 'V Well, what now? Who was itecreamed, and when ?" queried Andrew, picking up his bonk. "You are a great one to mystify I folks." "- Why the doctor looked out of the door; I was up in the Wihadow. Says ,e, 'I want your mother.' I told him she~ ad gone to .the funral. Then he aised~ about the • ; ;:- NI woman folks. I went down and gets Hannah Crag. She goes in there, and gives a screech enough to waken the dead, and out she runs as if a ghost was after her. 'Then Mary Medway goes in, and she, too, screams, but she stays. Then I was so eager to know what the matter was that I l'imhied the old shed, and what I tell you is truth. That poor creature we all thought dead,is as much alive as you or L I'm certain I saw her turn her head." "They're practicing on her with agalvanic machine-that makes dead people move,"said Andrew, crawling back to his seat. "They're doing nothing of the kind; she was in a trance, likelier. There's Hannah coming back. I say, Hannah, come here." Hannah Crag, like a lively epitome of her name, came laboring on, her eyes. atill.dis tended, her face pale. "Tell Andrew if I'm right," said Dalton. Isn't that poor creature upstairs alive?" And he caught her by the arm. "Don't ask me, Master Stakse. Oh, Lord, I'm fit to lie down this minute and give up the ghost,with the fright I've had this blessed day. My heart beats like a trip- hammer, and there's a wind been a-blowing down: my spine ever since. Lord I how I was took to see her lying there looking straight at me." " Alive, Hannah ?" said Dalton with start. ling emphasis. " Well, if she w'asn't, then I'm dead-and buried," she added, reflectively. "There I what did I tell you ?" ejaculated Dalton, in a tone of triumph. - "I never saw anything like it-I never did," continued Hannah Crag, helplessly. "I never, never did-never never never 1" after which asseveration, repeated with the fervor of a prayer, Hannah shook her round face till the quivering muscles looked ready to drop, and took her way to the kitchen. " Well, I shouldn't wonder if she never did," said Andrew, composedly. "How sorry that wicked scamp would be if he knew it I Now we shall hear all about it-for she'll tell," he added. "I nooe sne will, but I'm afraid not," Dal 'ton responded, musingly, a smoulddering fire in his eyes, his cheeks and lips burning.. "But I'll tell you what, I've spotted him." "You ?" queried Andrew, incredulously. "Ycs, I," "Pray, how did you do it, sir knight of the sacred heart ?" " I took his likeness. Never did anything of the kind so well. I mean to carry it about with me, and if ever I meet the fellow, won't I punish him ?" ' By telling him she's alive ?" "Not a bit of it. It's murder in intention -cold, cruel murder,. the hard-hearted vil lain. Oh,Andrew, if you could only have seen her facel" "Don't go into rhapsodies, my boy,." said Andrew, beginning to cuddle his ears down into his collar. "You'd see beauty in a week. ,old calf." t"Only wait, that's all," :muttered Del. ton. "Ten to one she'll be dead again to-mor. row," said the other, composedly. "People are sometimes resuscitated only to die." "Dalton's countenance fell. He turned away crestfallen, with his hands in his pock. I et, s. A diversion occurred in the shape of Mary Medway, who was walking down stairs like one in a dream. "I say, Mary, do they think she will die again?" cried Dalton, springing forward..: " How did you know it 2"she asked.etrring rat him-blankly. " Oh, never mind. I do know it. Is she going to live. That's what I want to know. What do they say?" "Why, she's mighty weak; got to be nursed like a baby," said Mary Medway. "Did you ever in all pour borned experience hear of such a case v Well, I'm clean dazed. When they told me she was alive I came jest as near swoonding as I could, I'd a gone on the floor if the doctor didn't a held me. Well, well, I wonder what the. mistress will say." Dalton crept into the shadow as the woman disappeared. H.pe and happiness had come back 'to him. His heart and his temples throbbed, and his hands were hot. The sudden shook had fervered his veins; the incipent yearning for the sound of her sweet voice, the glance of her soft eyes that in older natures would have culuminated into pas sionate love, came over him more strongly than before. Oh, it was heaven to feel that all that bright young beauty was not to be hidden under the dull clods of earth, sdch as had fallen that day on the old granddame's grave. He should perhaps see her again; feel the tonch of her hand; hear the gracious melody of her voice. The carriages now came straggling home by ones and twos and-threes. The maids began to prepare theaspper; to which all the company was expected to stayif they wished and it was quite noticeable that very few went away. . "It was a very comfortable burying indeed, very comfortable,'" said a withered old man, to some one who asked about thefoneral. "It she could only have lived to see it ?" And the poor old man-never suspected he had made a blunder.- Presently Dalton saw his mother descending from the carriage steps, and out he ran with the agility of a cat. To be Continuet. 