_TALE8 AND 8KETOHE8. a Dsipurulo Mrnlngcin. ji story in Thrco Parte. HIS I'ABT. It was in church that I saw licr first, and I was attracted to her at onco. Bho looked so lovely, dovout, and gentle, . ' that my heart went out to lior as it bad never ffono out to woman heforo. Tho sermon was vory doll and prosy, but I was sorry when it was finished, so greatly did I oujoy gazing at that pure, beautiful taco. Of courso I determined to mako hor acquaintance, and, pointing hor ont to my undo as she walked away by the sido of a tall lady in rusty-black, I askod who sho wos. « Hor namo is Dorothy Vano, ho nnsworcd. " Sho is spending a few weeks with hor aunt, Mrs. Halyard. I suppoBO you want to know hor ? " langh- 'n®' eaid X did, and askod if ho could introduoo mo. Ho said ho could ; that Mrs. Halyard was an old friend, and that ho wonld take mo to call upon her tbo following ovening. That wos tbo beginning. I vory soon beenmo a frequent visitor nt Mrs. IIul- ynrd's, and Dorothy Vano and 1 spout ' oovornl houra of ovory day in rambling ovor tho Holds, oxploriug tbo moun tain-nooks, and gathering flowors, forns and leaves. My undo said ho was glad I was nblo to find arousomont— ho bail feared my visit wonld provo dull. Thero was nothing liko a littlo liiria- ' tion, ho averred, to kill timo. 11 was ovidont'that ho did notbolievo in the sincority of my nttachmont. Dorothy is an orphan, and sho and a twin-sistor aro wholly dopondont upon an aunt who livos in Colchester. My darling droBsea in tho plainest manner, and has no ornamonts, no pretty ribbons, no fosthor nor flowors on hor simplo straw hot. Itako agroatdcal ot ploaBuro in think ing of how 1 will load hor with rich gilts when ' sho is my wito. I liovo money enough for both of us. I am glad she is poor. A man likos his wifo to bo do- pendent upon him. Dorothy olwnyB ' talked to mo a groat deal of hor sister. «You ought to sco Isaboll" sho Would say. Evory ouo admires Isabel." Bho wsa unconBcioue in hor innocence and modcBty of how groatly I admired horsolf. Sho was lovoly boyond com- 'parioon, with hor groat, dusky oyis, liko purple pansics, hor nolo, pure com- ".'ptedon, and rippling dark hair. But tho day heforo sho was to leave Mrs Halyard's I told hor all I felt, and BBkcdhertobomy wifo. Sho seemed surprised. Wlion I be gan to Bpcak sho looked at mo in a frightened, bowildorod way that sliowod that sho hod not oxpoctod such an avowal from mo. And when I caught her in my arms nnd drow her cIobo to my heart, alio hid hor face on my breast, hod burst into tears. . "Why do you weep, Dorothy?" I asked. "Bccnuso I am so happy," bIio " answered. " Do you really, really lovo mo, Arnold ? It doesn't scorn scarcely possible." " I lovo you with all my heart !" 1 answered, fondly. " It soomB sc very strango," she said. "It it had boon Isabel, I would not havo been surprised j but " I intorrnptcd hor with a kiss. " Tboro is nothing strango about it," I said ; " and I am suro Isabel cannot bo one-half so lovablo as yourself." " Sho is so gay, so bright, so fascina ting," said Dorothy ; " whilo I " Again I interrupted her." " You nro simply porfcct," I said ; " and you niUBii't Bay anything against my futnro. I positively forbid it." Sho laughed, tho tears stiil standing in her violot oyes. Sho wont homo tho following day, and, after running up to tho city to attend to soino business, I followed her to Colchester. Thero iB only ono hotel in tho place, nnd in that I took up my ?uartors. Wishing to surpriso Dorothy, hod not written her of my coming, so I had to inquiro my may to her homo, which was obout half a railo from tho villago. X thought it o vory pretty place, with its -vine-covcrcd cottago, old-fuBhionod gardon, nnd heavily-laden fruit-treos, bnt tho dilapidated fences, tho sod need of paint ou tho out-buildings, and tho wood-grown paths told mo as plainly na wordB could havo dono that my dailing'a annt was poor. As I stood a moment at tho littlo gale, I saw some ono silling lindor tho shade of a big opplo-tioo not far owny, and my heart gavo a great hound as 1 rocng- nizod tho graceful liguro as that of Dorothy. Who was so intont on a book sho hold, that sho did not boor my opprowb, and, steeling softly op behind lior, I throw my nrms -around her and kissod lior ngnin and again, on cheeks;' lips and dimpled chin, dospito her desperate struggles. When ntlastl laughingly released her, alio turned upon mo liko o young fury. " How daro yon 1" sho cried, in a voico of concentrated rago nnd loathing. " IIow daro you inBult mo so I" " Why Dor — " I began in amaze ment, and then stopped, for as her groat dark oyes flashed upon me, I saw that tlioy woro black as midnight, mid know at onco tho mistake I had mado. This was Isabel — Dorothy's second self, in appearance, nt IcaBt. But my Dorothy could nevor lmvo pokon so haughtily, could novor havo looked so liko a boautiful fury as did hor sister at this moment. I hastoned to explain, apologised and begged her pardon, ami wo woro soon Inughing togothor ovor tho occurronco liko old frionds, though it was long before tho flnsli ontiroly faded from Isabel's checks. Dorothy was busy with Bomo house hold affairs, nnd could not come out to welcomo 1110, her sister snid, I could -cnrcely conceal my impatience, and wondered greatly that Isabel did not go in nnd roliovo lior sistor. I thought sho night to understand my nnxicty to eeo Dorothy, from whom I had been soparatcd more than n week. Bnt I know now that Isabel takes no port in the duties of hor aunt's house hold. Sho is only a beautiful ornament. It is on Dorothy that tho wholo ma chinery of tho small establishment rests. It is Dorothy who hums her pretty face over tho kitchen stovo in tho preparation of tho mcolB ; Dorothy who waits on her quorulous invalid annt, and directs the work of tho garden. My darling's linml nro roughened with toil ; there is often a look of caro on her smooth, wbito brow. I caught hor darning a rent in an old carpet ono day, and several limes, when I linvo gono to tho cottago early in tbo morning, I liovo found lior Bwcoping and dusting tho house, whilo Isabel, dressed in whito, witli flowers in lior hair and at hor throat and waist, has wailod my coming on tiio rustic scat beneath tho old apple-tree. I asked her onco why sho did not assist Dorothy. " I don't know how," sho answered and sho glanced admiringly ot her boail- tilnl whito hands nnd tag. "big fingers, "and I don't liko dish-washing nnd nwceping. I am very different from Dorothy." " What will you do whon Dorothy is gono ? " I asked. An expression of suoh anguish camo upon Iter faco that I was sorry I had asked tho question, I had not suspected until then that bar love for her sister was so deep, or that tho thought of Dorothy'a marriage was so painful to her. "You — you will not" alio paused, struggling with her omotion. " I nm trying to persuade hor to ranrry mo in October," I said. Bho sat before mo in utter eilenco a moment, a look of despair in her beau tiful faco ; then rose, and wont into tho house. When I followed her a littlo later I found her at tbo piano, playing n plaintivo melody, lior tears dropping fast on the yellow keys, tho moonlight shimmering on hor dusky hair. 1 wont close to hor and laid my hand on hor sliouidor. "You foolish child," I said thinking to laugli away tho gloom which op pressed hor. To my surpriso, sho roso from her scat and staggered blindly across tho room. " Aro you ill, Isabel ? " I asked, springing to hor assistance. Bho fell into my orma with a long, gasping sigh. " I cannot hear it, Arnold — I cannot bear it," sho whisporcd, hoarsely. "I will bring her back to seo you often, nnd you shall como to Engieswood to stay with us whenoyer you liko," I said, soothingly. " It is not as if sho was going away fro'ii you for over, Isabel." BI10 tore herself from my arms, and left tho room just as Dorothy ontered by another door. She bud been upstairs putting her annt to bod. " All nlono?" sho asked. " No, iBnbel was here — sho has just gono," I nnsworcd. I said nothing of Isabel's sorrow. I did not want to troublo or griovo my darling. I havo often heard of tho atrange sympathy existing bctwoon twins. Long ago Homo one told mo a story of. a girl who had died in eonscqunnco of a separation from a twin-brother. This story hns occurred to mo frequently since thnt night whore I found Isabel weeping at tbo piano. Yet,. I oannot givo Dorothy up. I sco that I havo dono Isnbel go at injustice. I linvo nevor liked her.; I have thought her cold, solflsli and bfid tempered. That bIio is really attached to Dorothy I am now convinced, anil I shall try to lovo her for that reason. In face, form and voico sho is Dorothy's counterpart. i ' Only by tho difference in tho color'of tho eyes can I distinguish ono sister from another when I sco thorn together. But in character and disposition they arc utterly and entirely different. Dorothy need not havo feared the effect of her sister's fascinations upon me. I prefer my shy wool-violet to tho gorgeous pasBion-flowcr. I I havo persuaded Dorothy to sot our wedding day for tho 10th of Ootober, Sho says alio does not know how her annt nnd Isabel will get along without her. Tho thought scorns to troublo hor greatly. Bho says tlioy could not havo spared hor to go to Mrs. Halyard's had hor health not demanded a change of oir. I shall bo tho happiest man in ox- istonco when tho right shall bo given inc to tnio her away from this toilsome monotonous life. At " Engieswood " she will have nothing to do but nmuso herself. How sho will admiro tho grand old place 1 I nm having it put in thorough order for hor reception. It is to be refurnished throughout. " It scorns to 1110 thnt it ought to bo Isabel who in to havo all theso good things," my darling said only yosterday, whon I was planning with her a trip to Europe next Spring. " You aro far mora doscrving of them than Isabel." I whispered, as I drow her to mo, and she rested hor dark head on my broast. " Bnt tile hero is so bard for Isabel. Sho feels poverty moro keenly thon I do." "Let her And a knight able to givo her a gilded cage," I said, Dorothy shook hor hoed. " There's no ono hare whom she wonld marry." " There's Sqniro Dorley," I snid, trying to look in the violet oyes, hiddon by the long lashes. Ah, you think Bho would not be second cboico? You see I know all abant it. Isabol has told me." " She should not havo done so," sn'd Dorothy, blushing. I did not tell hor that Isabel had said that alio had confidently expected her sister to mnvry tho squire until I had appeared upon tho scono ; or, that sho had tried for some reason to giro mo the impression that Dorothy's lovo for mo was neither doop nor sincere, for I hnvo no demon of distrust or jealousy in my heart. My faith in my bo- trothed is perfect. Tho wedding is to bo a very qniot ono. It will tako plnoo in tho parlour of tho cottago, and will be followed by a simplo. breakfast. Then my wifo and I will start for our now homo, No ono will bo invited to the cere mony except my unclo, Mrs. Halyard, and tbo minister's wifo. I shall Btay hero until tho 5th of October, and shall then go to " Engieswood," to givo somo final directions abont the repairs, re turning to OolohoBter tho morning of my wedding day. ibabel'S rAnT. It is the 10th of IJctoker, the day set for Dorothy's marriage. Bat now— Have I time to writo it down ? Yes, it is only nino o'clock, and tho train bring ing tho bridegroom will not bo horo until nlevon. I feel that unless 1 keep my hands and brain busy I shall go mad boforo that hour arrives. My love for Arnold Brandon acorns like a fire which bnrna into my veins. From the hour when he kissed mo in the gardon, thinking I was Dorothy I have loved with a passion of which she could never oven dream. How cruel is Fate I Would thnt I instead of Dorothy had gono to nnnt Halyard's. This dreary, monotonous life, this lonthsomo poverty which stifles in its birth every pleasant doBiro — how I hive longed to escnpo from them 1 I am better suited to him than Dorothy. In Engieswood, that grand place which Arnold has described to mo so ofton, sho wonld livo liko a nan in a cloister, whilo I would fill it with guests— would mako Arnold's lifo a brilliant, envied ono. Would, did I say ? Lot mo writo it Kill 1 I havo dono all I could to win bim. I have sung to him bv tho hour tbo wildest, most heart-breaking ballads. I havo tried to oxcitoliis pity, hisjealouBy, and his sympathy. In vniu. Ho has thought only of Dorothy, looked upon mo only in tho light of a sistor. Even the tears I have shed in tho agony of , my sorrow ovor my unrequited love, havo 4 appeared to him only as signs of my affection for tlia sister ho was to tako from) 1110. \Bjtt of my dospnir a dospernto plan was llorn, a plan which is to succcoii. . WhBh Dorothy camo into my room this morning I told hor I was ill, that I cnuldfnot bo pr's ut at hor marriage, that J, too, loved Arnold, nnd tho pain of ageing him wail another would bo greater than I could bear. "p pore mo ony questions," I snid, " anil never toll my secret to Arnold." Bho was shocked nnd surprised, as I knot sho wonld lie ; and of courso said that, much as sho would liko me to ho prcsont at lior marriage, alio would not urgo it under the circumstances, nnd that sho would convince Aunt Margaret that I was really too ill to bo present. Thon sho cried over mo a littlo. " Oh, Isabel," sho snid, " I wish yon had not told 1110 thin. But you cannot lovo him nny moro dearly than 1 do." Then slit went away, and I heard her go into Annt Margaret's room, beard the low murmur of her voice, and aunt's fretful whine in response. Then Dorothy went into her own room, anil n moment after aunt rapped at my door. " It won't do for you to stay up hero during tho ceremony, Ieaboi," sbo said. " You most como down, no ranttor how ill you are." " I cannot, I answered, " It is of no uso to nBk it." She expostulated a littlo while, but I did not speak again, nnd finally sho wont away, muttering somothing obout my being " always juBt as stubborn 1 " To think of being loft hero with hor I To wash dishes, sweep, dust, and go to bed nt nino o'clock ovory night in tho year, whilo Dorothy — No, no 1 I felt that it must not be. At eight o'clock I slipped front my room nnseen, and ran down-stairs and ran out to the barn. " Adam," I said to tho boy who was standing at tho stablo, " harness White- foot nt once. Wo hnvo terrible news, nnd MiBB Dorothy in going to Dnrt- villo. Toll no 0110, for wo must not alarm my aunt. Only Lurry, for hea- vou'b sako." I was shaking from nervous excite ment, and could scaccslv falter out tho words. He gazed at mo a moment in amazement, then darted into tho stable. I hurried bnok into tho honso again, and rushed into Dorothy's room with n violence thnt mado hor spring from her chair in torror. " Quick 1 quick 1 " I cried, wringing my hands. " Get on your lint and clunk, Dorothy. Thero lias boen a dreadful accident to tho train. Arnold j is dying, and hns sont for you." I thought at first sho was going to faint, 'sho' turned so whito, Sho stood staring at mo with wide, dilated eyes.: I put on her hot and clonk witli my own hands, and hurried her down- stairs and ont to tho Btabla where Adam had already put Whitefoot into the shafts. " Ho is lying nt tho hotol in Danville," I explained. " Tho accident took placo noar there, the telegram said. Tako tho rivor road, and mako lianto for hoavon's sake. Wonld that I had tho right to go also." Site did not answer nm. Sho was staring straight before her, a look of nnutterablo anguish on hor white faco. Perhaps I might havo repented oven thon, and confessed my falsehood, had Adnm sprang into tho vehicle, nnd urged Whitefoot madly down the road. It wns too lato for repentance now. I must go throngh with what 1 hnvo un dertaken. But 1 wonder at my courage. Yet 1 nm anfe. Why should I fenr ? Whitefoot is not a rapid traveller, and it will be after ten heforo they reach Dartrilla and discover there hns been no accident. It will be nearly ono o'clock boforo tlioy return. By that lime I shall be Arnold Brandon's wifo, and for nway from tho homo which hns grown so hateful to 1110. I wont into Dorothy's room nnd dressed myself in lior wedding clothes. And now I am waiting for tho bride groom, Ho will not sco mo until just before tho ceremony. I will not raise my oyes to his face, nnd I10 will not dream that it is not Dorothy who is by liiB sido. When we nro far nwny from here, and ho discovers the deception I liavo practised upon him, I will tell him all, and tinst to his kindness nnd gene rosity to forgivo mo. If I know any thing of him ho will suffer anything rather than havo a scandal. Ho will make the best of tliiogs. And when he knows how wildly I lovo him, how valueless my life without him would be, and that it was love alone that induced mo to pers'onnto my sister to-day, ho will surely forgivo 1110 and take 1110 to his heart. If ho docs net— hut I will not contemplate suoh n possibility I At least, our marringa will be legal, I s|iall bo his wife, whothor I win his lovo or hatred. And Dorothy will soon recover from tbo blow. Sho is not capable of tho intonso lovo which fills my breast. Sho will bo as well satisfied with M alter Darloy as Bho wonld havo boon with Arnold Brandon. Annt Margaret camo in juet now. I bent closer over my droBS, which I wns pretending to adjust, " How well you look, Dorothy," sho said. "Arnold will ho proud of you. Oh, donr, I don't know how wo nro to get along without you ! Isnbel could be spared tnuch better. IIow provoking that sbo insists on keeping lior room. I havo boon knocking but she will not answer me." " Let her alone," I said, " sho is really ill." Roally ill 1 Yo«, it is no longer a pretonoo. Bnt I shall lmvo strength to go through tho coromuny. Onco Ar nold's wifo, I can dare all. My aunt glanced at tho desk, and asked mo what I was writing. " My Inst will nnd testament," I answered, lightly. " It is liko Isabel to jest on a day of such solomnity," sho snid, " but I did not expect it of you, Dorothy." Hark! I bear tho coming, of tbo train. It brings my Aunt Halyard, Arnold's unclo nnd Arnold. DOnoTHV's I'AllT. My poor sister I She must havo been mail. Thnt desperate plot was tho produot of no sano mind. Believing this, I linvo forgivon hor, forgiven her freely, and I pity her from tho depths of my heart. . I did hot for an instant doubt lior statement that sho had received a tele gram announcing an accident on the railway, and I fully expected to find Arnold dead or dying whon I reached Dartville. But tho landlord of tho ono hotol said tlint his only guest was an old woman who was peddling a fancy soap, and that he had heard of no rail road accident whatever. I was not convinced, howevor, and hurried to the railway-station a short distance off. Tboro I was again assured that More had been no acoident. As I turned toward tho hotol again, bowiidored and woary, it Unshod npon mo that this was my wedding-day, and that Arnold was to bo ia Colchester at oleven o'clock. It was already after ten, and tho train which Would bring him was duo in Dartvillo at half-past. I told Adam to rest Whitefoot until noon, and thon start for home, that I | would return by rail. IIow nervous I was as tho train cotue panting nnd screaming up to tho littlo station. I trembled so thnt I could ecarcoly eland ; but when I entered tho car tho first faco on which my eyes rested wns thnt of my lovor, Then I felt that all my troubles wore nt an ond. Had I been a ghost, Arnold could not havo been moro surprised to sco mo. And ho was angry and amazed at tbo story of my joarney. " From whom did Isabel recoivo tho telegram 7" ho asked. " Tho mattor must bo investigated." I said I had not had time to ask hor any questions. " Suoh practical jokes ore extremely uopleasant," ho said. " I shall make it my business to find ont who imposed upon Isabel in this manner. Just Biippose you had missed taking this train, Dorothy ? It couldn't havo been much of a wedding without a britlo." " And you being horo with tho bride groom is a most unheard of proceeding," said Aunt Halyard, who has a great regard for tho proprieties. " Keep your faoo covored, for mercy's sake." Arnold's uocla treated tho affair as n good joke. " If people oxpress surprise wo can let thorn Bupposo this is Isabel," ho said. Whon we reached Colchester wo found a carriage waiting for us which Arnold had engaged by telegraph, nnd we wore soon at the cottago, Aunt Margaret thought I was Isabel. Sho met us nt tho door. " So you changed your mind," sho said, "and conoludedto givo up playing tho invalid. Why did you go to tho station to meet thorn ? It was not proper. And why have you on Dorothy's dross ?" I left Arnold to explain, and hurried npBthira to my own room. What was my amazement as I throw open tho door, to seo Isabel standing below tho bnrenu glass, dressed in my wedding clotbos, even to the veil on hor head, and the slippers on her feet ! " Isabel I" I cried, in horror. 1 Bho turned. For a moment sho stared at 1110 in a dumb, torror-striokon way, hor eyes burning liko coals of liro, Then, witli a wild shriek, sho throw up her turns nnd fell senaoiess nt my foot, Tlio, first .tiling I did was to look tho door.' libn- I chafGd1 her handsj and poured water on her face. "Dori't 'betray mo," wcro tho first words bIio said, as Bhe recovered con sciousness. I did not understand bar. I thonght slia had pat my wedding-dresB on ont of pure vanity; wishing to see its effects on her brauty. . "How did you got baok bo soon?" sho asked. 4 1 1 told licr, and thon boggod her t— . rcraovo my dross thnt I might put it r'f, J at once, for tho minister was waitihg in tho parlour, and ail woro wondering nt tho delay. : ' ' " Sho lay on the sofa, and watobod mo as dressed myself in tho 'garniCnte sho had taken off. I was1 tbo nervous and harried to ask her any questions. I thought there wonld bo timo onoogh for that when the ceremony' was ovori Iler doath-liko pollor; arid' strange look in hcr greet 'block eyes frightened 1110 es I bent ;to kiss hor heforo. going down stairs, and as my lips touchod her cheek, sho pushed mo awey with' a'cry ot pain. 1 ' ' ' 1 ' I . ;; "Leave mo," sho said.. . ".Go,;: Ho will bo yours now for: timci and .'eter nity." : ' ' ..., Arnotd "was waiting for trio at' tbo hood of tho stairs. I took his arm, and wo wont down into the parlour. ' It did not tako long for tho Minister to pro nounce us man nnd wife, and then I hurried book to Isabel. : I found '.her delirious. Sbo was laughing and talking liko ono gono suddonly mad. Of courso I did, not lenvo her. The fact was, I did not dare to hnvo her nursed by anyono bat myeolf, so terrible were - tho confessions 'sho made. It seemod to mo that my blood ran cold in my veins as I listened to her, and learned how nearly sho had sac- coodod in raining tho life of tlio man sho professed to lovo. I am hor only sisker, and she' would have fobbed, mo of my lover I But sho wob mad, Lot 'me novor forget thnt. For days we did not think she would recovor. . But at length sho began, to grow hotter, nnd at tho ond of six wcoks wns again in possession of her oonsos. Sho begged mo thon to.loa'vo bor. Sho said my presenco reminded hof.of a past she wished to forget, and that sho wonld rather be alono. So I wont away to Engieswood, whore Arnold was, im patiently awaiting mo, and I am'Tairly in lovo with my beautifnl new home," And, as I look at' my lovor husband, nnd meet tho fond glnnco of his fonder eyes, n great waive of thankfulness swoops over ino thnt my Bister's mad, dosporato stratagem failed so signally.' 