STRAY NOTES. (BY JAMES GRASSIE.) COAL. A writer in the Border Watch asserted some time ago that the neighbourhood of Tilley's Swamp, in the Kingston district, was a likely place for coal to be found is, and since then a lump of coal has been found beneath shale in that quarter. It is also said that copper specimens have been found on the Salt Creek in that ilk. Consequently the time may be at hand when Kingston will be another Newcastle. ANTIQUITY. Soience haB been correcting scienoe lately, and has discovered that an air receiver cannot be exhausted, and that consequently there is no vacuum in space, although it iB endless. The air pump can exhaust a receiver of certain gaBeB only; but countless millions of globules ofadifferent kind remain, andforaughtweknow the hidden chemistry of nature converts them into worlds. And it has been discovered that even man isa conglobulate formed of theseunits: but whence came his vitality. His complicated organic structure oannot be the the result of chanoe, and he has not emerged from evolution, for there are no connecting links behind, and he would have left many if he had been evolved. If he had sprung from the gorilla there would have been BtroBger traces of graduation and an intermediate class or classes, for we cannot credit that he went from ape to Gladstone at one jump. Four thousand years ago man made the sphinx, the abu cimbal, and built the pyramids. Yet the mummy could tell you little more than you know, for the world was old when he was building Cheops. LARGE FLEECES. The golden fleece has increased in weight considerably within the last sixty years by cross, breeding which means natural selection. Mr. Gall of Cantara, Kingston, has clipped some this season that would create surprise forty years ago ; but I can give the particulars of a fleece that knocks all modern fleeces into the middle of next week as the saying goes. In 1815 there was an unusual thaw on the banks of the White Sea in Russia, and a mountain of ice that had stood there for countless ages was undermined and toppled oyer displaying beneath not a thin ghost or disembodied creature, but a wool- covered mastodon "with all'its flesh and bones and limbs and features." Notwithstanding its dreary entombment it bled freely when the wolves tore it, and it was larger than two elephants. Its wool was five feet long, and the Archangel fishermen who found it estimated that its fleece would turn the scale at a ton. It would appear, therefore, that the heavy fleece period has gone past never to return, and when we hear of Mr. Gall's or Mr. Riddoch's " big blanketB," we have only to turn to the White Sea mastodon and he will soon take the shine out of them. Fart of bis fleece may still be seen in the museum at St. Petersburg. THE BOEDER LAND. A rumour is current that the South Austra lian and Victorian disputed boundary is on for settlement. There is some excellent farming land on the disputed line at Serviceton, and much good pasture land in many other parts of it, and it will be a pity if it goes to swell the large estates. THE DESERT. A Kingston correspondent has lately been telling gumsuckers through a contemporary how the Ninety-mile Desert can be converted into a land teeming with milk and honey $ but he will find it hard to persuade some bees to immigrate to a howling desolation where even ferns refuse to grow. - John Law with more wit selected the banks of the Mississipi for his El Dorado, but Kings* ton out-Herods him and proffers to make a new Eden in a sandy paradise of sterility. I fancy he will have to look for his Adam in a mad house, and if he takes much more desert on the brain he may trend to the same house himself. Where thistles and nettles will not grow it would be labor in vain to sow pine- i apples or plant sun scorched potatoes. Kings- I ton must wait for the next terrestrial catastrophe, wait until the globe topples over again and bitches the Desert nearer Coorong, for at present the farmers are abandoning the rabbit land, and it is not likely they will jump out of the frying pan into the fire. What would the Skye crofters think if they were removed from their leafy shores and sun bright seas and transhipped to a wide, wild, waterless wilderness, where in summer the sun ; performs the effect of fire, and vegetable life ; dies, and death lives conquering and to con quer. Such is the desolation that a philantro phist who. if he is not a regicide, is a King Btoner, inclines to convert into a paradise. PROSYLYTES. It iB tolerably well known that the advanced or educated Turks are forsaking Mahomet and the Koran rapidly. The Mussul man's heaven is too gross and sensual, and intelligent TurkB begin to see " that the black-eyed hourics" who inhabit that ilk beckoning hither the faithful are myths. " How," they enquire, " can there be hourics in a place where everything of which we have experience, and every mortal thing that can be defined, is unable to enter ?" The incongruity of every attempt to connect the sensibility of this life with a disembodied unknown spiritual one is becoming apparent to even the intelli gent Turks. Science, and particularly astronomy and geology, are overturning a good many doctrines, and Mahommedanism will be one of the first to fall. BABBITS. Mr. Gall, of Cantara, had a large and pro mising field of wheat at Tilley's Swamp utterly destroyed by rabbits this season. LAW REFOBM. To reform the civil and criminal law, the re former will have to remove the legal, stock, lock and barrel. Where is the use of telling people about un biased juries while the Judge haB power to tell them what verdict to bring in, or to refuse to accept it when brought in ? I once heard the late Judge Williams say to twelve good men and true in a Criminal Court -" I cannot accept your verdict. You mnst go back and re- consider it." I would like to know who in that case was the jury ? Was it the old judge or the twelve good men and true, or a hodge podge of both ? 