CHAPTER II. I think my chambers were amongst the tiniest in town. If there are less spacious apartments they are inhabited by people smaller of stature than the average Briton, or not inhabited at all. The bedroom was about the size of a Saratoga trunk, and the sitting-room was only a trifle larger. I was very happv there and very foil of dreams and ambition, and I spent my days in pursuits more or less literary. 1 was not quite certain in what direction I was to blossom, but I had a modest cer tainty that I Bliould flower out in one way or another, and become rich and famous -a delusion which I have found to be common amongst bookish young men of three or four and-twenty. t I had written a three-act comedy, which no manager would so much as look at, and a five-canto poem, which no publisher would venture to introduce to an uninterested world ; and in the course of a score or so of chapters I had got the characters of an intended novel into so unearthly a muddle of cross-purposes that 1 had thrown aside the whole thing in disgust, and for the time abandoned it. None of these things destroyed or abated the modest confidence already mentioned. I was sitting in ray own room an hour or two after the dispatch of my answer to Mr. Delamere's invitation to dinner when I heard a noise of hammering over head, and after responding to it by a vigorous em ployment of the poker on the brickwork of my fireplace I threw open my outer door, and awaited the arrival of the personage whose presence had been signalled. Above me dwelt a young man of _ seven-ana twenty-four years my senior-Walter Pole by name. He had no occupation, and seemed in want of none, but he had a prodigious circles of acquaintances. He read a great deal, though how he found time to do it was something of a wonder, and he lounged through time with :a solemn insouciance which some people found irritating and others charming. He was a good deal of an athlete, and chose to disguise his activity by a pretence of idleness, propping himself up lazily against walls and doors with his head rolling idly, as if in quest of a reBtful corner, and his hands in his pockets He and I w&L;'e great chums, but he feigned to be too idle to walk down stairs to knock at my door like an ordinary Christian, and always demanded an answer to that noisy signal of his before he would take the trouble to deecend. On this occasion there was a pause be tween the signal and the sound of his steps upon the stair, and so leaving the door open I resumed my book and went on reading. In those happy days it was the spring of the year 1865 CharLas Dickens "was alivo and at "work, and th.6 whole English-reading world was engaged with Mr. Silas Wegg and Mr. Nicodemus Boffin. I am aware now-on the autho rity of an American gentleman who ought to know-that since the great master s death fiction has grown to be a finer art than it was in his day, but somehow whether with advancing year3 one's faculty for enjoyment grows duller, or whether the gilt has been rubbed off the fictional gingerbread by the defacing hand of Time, as it has been rubbed off gingerbread of so many other kinds there comes nobody who delights me in his way. I would fain have the finer sorts of art which have grown up in the last score of years abolished and the dead master back ag3-in ; or-and the second wish seemed likelier of fulfilment -would fain see some new man rising who would make me laugh and cry as he did j and as he still does whenever I look ixito his noble and delightful pages. A new book from Dickuns. Let elderly and middle-aged people remember what it meant, and let me enjoy myself for a minute as I recall that afternoon. I forgot the signal and the open door, and I read on until the last page of the number was finished. Then 1 became aware that the fire was out, that the door waB still open, that the dusk of the spring evening was falling fast, and that 1 was stiff and cold. I rang the bell to have the fire remade, and then walked up stairs to the first landing. The door was closed, but my chum answered to my knock, re turning to his pocket as I entered the hand he had used to open it, and beckon ing me indoors by a backward movement of his head. "I was coming down," he said, " but 1 had a call just as I knocked to you. Do you fellows know eaoh other We did not, and he introduced us to each each other. '4 0 ones-Denham.'' Jones presented rather a striking figure. He was taller than common-Bix feet two, 1 should say. He differed very much from what one's ideal J ones should look like ; he was magnificently moustached and bearded ; he had jet-black Italian looking eyes and an olive-colored skin. His features were remarkably delicate and refined, and his long wavy hair was parted in ihe middle. " I beg your pardon," he said, in a soft vt ice which had a faint suspicion of an un-English accent, "but did I see your name upon the door post as I came up stairs , ,, " 1 live in the rooms below tnese, 1 answered. " Was it ycu who saved Delameres life the other night V he asked. " Saved his life ?" "Be ceitainiy said so." "I saved his watch," I said. "I was lucky enough to hear him call out, and when I turned the corner the men who had attacked him ran away. 1 don't think his life was in any danger." " Well, " eaid the Italian-looking Jones, smoothing his gloBsy beard with a hand of beautiful whiteness and delicacy, ''hequibe thinks he would have been killed if it had not been for the happy accident of your si nival; and he is, 1 assure you, boihng over with gratitude." Remembering Mr. Delamere's unusual coolness I was a little astonished at this, but I said nothing. " The Delameres are great friends Of mice," continued Jones. l£ Delamere is a remaik&ble; man. He has never done half as much as he should have done, of ccuue ; but he stands aloof from modern art a good deal, and lives with the ideata of the past." "With thia a certain undefined uneasi ness took possession of him, and in a little while began to develop oddly. He rose and poked, the fire. He fidgeted with the gas, raising and lowering the flame of the burners. He strayed to the book-shelves and there took down and opened a score of volumes, returning" each after an apparently unseeing glance at one of its pages. Pole, with one leg thrown across the other, followed these movements with aglance of some meaning, and once or twice the merest glimpse of a smile flickered across his face. ""What's the matter, Jones?" he asked after a while, when the other's signs of un easiness had become so marked as to seem to call for Bome recognition. Jones seemed to make up his mind, and then seemed to recoil from his deter mination, and then seemed to make up hia mind again. "Do you sketch at all, Pole? Do you paint?" he asked. " Have you any sketching tools about ? Anything will do." "No," said Pole, "I'm sorry to say 1 do nothing in that line. What is it that's a hurting you, my boy ? The divine afflatus " I've an idea," said Jones, wincing as if it hurt him to have this not too- pointed bit of fun poked at him. '' I want to get it down before it goes. Anything will do. A bit of brown paper and a fragment of charcoal. Anything." "There's your brown paper," returned Pole, opening a drawer and setting a sheet of paper on the table ; '' and there's your material for charcoal." He drew a packet of firewood from a locker, and cutting the string which surrounded it, thrust one of the pieces between the bars of the fire-place and left it there. Jones pounced upon the paper, smoothed it with both hands up in the table, and then thrust a second stick between the bars. " Don't let that burn too far," he said ; and drawing out the first, returned to the table, and with the burning bit of wood began to work all manner of preparatory eager signs with it, as though he were hungering to realise his idea. Now at this time it was meat and drink to me to see an artist at work; and I i arose to watch the Italian-looking Jones with an excited interest of a sort which hardly any other spectacle in the world would have awakened in me. There was a glamor about an artist, even if he were a duffer, which no other earthly creature had about him. Jones, with that clumsily shaped bit of charcoal, before the red sparks had fairly died out of it, began to draw with a feverish hurry and rapidity. Pole got ready one bit of charcoal for him whilst he used another ; and in some thing under five minutes, as I should guesa, a very beautiful and noble face was expressed upon the brown paper, and the artist threw himself into a chair and lit his cigarette. Hia eager ness to get the sketch made had seemed a little exaggerated, and now his in difference and laxness seemed a little overdone. I was young, and, as does not happen with every young man in the ' world, I knew it. I mistrusted my own experience, and yet I seemed to discover a something overdone in the Jonesian enthusiasm of desire and its rapidly followed exhaustion. Did artists really work in that way ? Were they so seized by an idea, and BO incapable of resisting it ? Or was JoneB exceptionally gifted, or exceptionally susceptible, or was he a little bit of a hum ? I dared hardly com plete the enquiry. Pole stood over the table with hi3 hands in his pocket, and his head on one side, and looked enjoyiDgly at the drawing. For my own part I was a little.-staggered by the bold swiftness and dexterity with which this inspiration had been brought to life, but Pole's beaming face expressed a gratification so unusual for him that my doubts died, and I began to think that I was in the presence of a new Michael Angelo. " I say," said Pole, in his idle way, " you must let me keep thia, old fellow." " If you care for it," J ones answered languidly. " It's off my mind now. I've got it down and I can get it again when ever 1 want it." "You don't mean to say that you could reproduce this inspiration accurately ?" Pole asked him, still beaming at the drawing. " Oh, yes," said the artist, with a care less modesty. "You see," he added, waking up a little, "when an idea gets into the mind it offers itself sometimes in a will o'-the-wispish, tantalising kind of way It comes and goes, revealing itself in glimpses which are. neither clear enough nor prolonged enough to make that kind of impression on the memory which is necessary to fix it, But if you can catch the tricksy thing and set it in form, no matter how roughly, it is your own pro perty for good and all. The definite im pression is secured-clearly stamped on the miud. I shall never forget that face again." He dropped back into languor, relit his extinguished cigarette, and jjamoked in silence. Two or three minutes later he arose, looked at his watch, took up his hat, and said good-bye. "I think," he added to me, "that you dine at the Delameres on Monday ?" "I wrote to-day," I answered, "ac cepting. " "We shall meet there," he said; and with more good-byes he went away. Pole, having closed the door behind him, came back at a waltz, and having circled the room twice or thrice, cannoned against a sofa and fell into it laughing. Then he got up and looked at the char coal drawing and rubbed his hands, and laughed again, with an enjoyment so genuine that I laughed with him. "Here's a lark," he said, still chuck ling. " Where is it ?" I asked him. "Here," he asked; and opening a drawer bc-Icw the book-shelves he drew out a sheaf of papers, from amongst which he produced a rough sheet of grey paper, such as grocers use, and holding it before me displayed to my astonished vision an absolute replica of the drawing which had just been executed in my presence. He set the two side by side, and we examined them together. They looked aim est as if they might have been pro duced from the same lithographic stone. " What is this ?" I asked ; " a coinci dence ?" "Yes," said Pole, turning upon me with a delicious grin of mischief, "a co incidence. Do you know Wilson Craig.? fro? He's a far-off cousin of mine - Scotchman. Poor Sebastian had the same idea at Craig's only a week ago. was tormented by it; was obliged to gtt it out. If jou can once catch the trick.* y thing you know it's your own property for good and all. But it comes and goes, my boy, revealing itself in glimpses which are neither clear enough nor prolonged enough to make that kind of impression on the memory which is necessary to fixic." "Sebastian ?" 1 aBked. " Who is Sebas tian ?" "Sebastian? Sebastian Is Jones, Stbastian Dilmer Jones. His name haB been a damage to him. If his godfathera and g( dmothers at his baptism had seen to it that he should be called Bill, or Dick, or Tom, or Harry it would have been a blessing for him. But Sebastian Dolour's bound to bo a bit cut of the way, and to have autistic cranks and furies, don't you see ! Sebastian Dolmer can't even speak his native tongue without a .little bit of foreign accent. How should he ? Bill Jones could have done it, or Dick, Tom, or Harry, but Sebastian aud Dolmer couldn't manage it between 'em though they tried ever so. Thank your stars ycur plain John, my boy." 1 felt a vicarious shame. IJ would greatly have preferred that Jones should not have been bowled out in this igno minious way. Pole's rejoicing at it seemed cruel and unfair. "Rubbish !" said he when I pufc this before him. " The only advantage this kind of humbug brings with it is that a man can laugh at it. What do you think pretence exists for, unless to be found out and laughed at ? You're going to dine with the Delameres, are you 1 Then you're going Into the very nursery and citadel of humbug. The dinner's real and the wines are real. Plates, knives, forks, spoons, chairs, tables, white ties, shirt fronts, dress-coats, all real. But the people and tho sentiments ! Keep Sebas tian Dolmer in your mind, John. There's a lot of Sebastian Dolmer in the en lightened converse of the Delameres. But whenever you hear it your safeguard is to say ' Jones'to yourself, Look here !" He became quite hot upon a sudden, and struck the table, leaning across it and looking me straight in the eyes. "I'il tell you what you'll find there. You'll find the sham enthusiast in art, whodoesn'tknow a Rubens from a Vandyke ; and the sham enthusiast in humanity, who wouldn't part with sixpence to save you from starvation; and the sham enthusiast in friend ship, who'll stick pins and needles in a wax caricature of you when you're gone ; and the sham enthusiast in the last new fad of atheism, who's deadly afraid of ghosts and says his prayers on the sly ; and the Bham enthusiast in poetry, who's as wooden under her wooden simper as this wooden table. They tremble with sensitiveness, every man Jack and woman Jill of them, and they're just as tough hided as a lot of camels. They're boiling over with sympathies of all sorts if you listen to 'em, and they're dryer than the desert sand. Look at this !" He snatched the drawing vehemently from the table and held it up before me. "Why can't plain Jones come here and say, 'I'm just itching all over to show you how practised and dexterous I am. There's a rapid bit of certainty for you ! And now I've staggered you I'm happy !' Vanity's a natural passion, and like all natural pas sions, it's useful whilst you've got the bit in its mouth and the reins in your hands. But the b8ggar comes Sebastian Dolrner ing with hi3 stale old inspiration and turns his own cleverness into a shameful lie." " They can't all be like that," I hesi tated. The fancy made my head ache. I was young and ingenious, and I wanted to believe in people. " Go and diae with the Delameres," he answered,'still speaking hotly, "and then tell me how far I'm wrong." (To be continued.) 