CHAPTER XV. WALTER AND RUTH. It was near midnight when Walter and Alice reached the little country station at Aldayne. They found a carriage awaiting them with the driver fast asleep inside, apparently as comfortable as though he were in bed. Walter roused the man and asked him how long he had been waiting. "Since noon, sir," the coachman replied, rubbing his eyes. "Master gave me strict orders to wait till you come, an' they've kep sendin' men from the Priory to see if you'd com'd." "Is your master any better?" Walter asked, as he helped Alice into the vehicle. "Wuss, so Marby says, sir." "Drive as fast as possible," said Walter, as he seated himself and drew up the window to shut out the chill November air, "but mind you don't turn us over, for the lane is full of holes." "Truss me," the driver replied laconically, and his long whip lash shot out with a sharp crack, and the horse, a powerful bay, shook his stiff limbs and broke into a swift pace. Alice Wilson sat quiet in her cushioned corner thinking of the father she was about to see for the second time, and filled with a strange mixture of gladness and regret. She was glad to think herself the possessor of an unsullied name, yet regretted to discover her father so near his death. Looking back to that morning, how long it seemed since she met her lover on her way to school. Into the last twelve hours of her life had come more of romantic incident than in all her previous years. She and her mother had struggled for years to support themselves respectably, and the elder woman had sunk quietly to rest thinking fondly even to the last conscious moment of the handsome, pleasant-tongued man who had woo'd her so hotly, won her so easily, and deserted her and her little baby girl so quickly afterwards. Alice had become so habituated to narrow means and the practice of self-denial that she had modified all her earlier ambitions, and her airy castles were but commonplace edifices of brick. Now, however, the future seemed to promise a new life to her. Her father was almost a millionaire; she was a poor orphan no longer. Then a quick sharp pain smote her as she remembered that her mother had died so poor and even her honour overshadowed. "We are near the Priory now," said Walter, as he put his hand through the window and glanced ahead. "See, it is there, over the trees." The moon had just fought through a dense bank of cloud, and Alice could see the old house plainly. Lights showed through a few windows as if some of its dwellers were still awake. Presently the carriage came to a standstill, they alighted quickly, and as they passed through the entrance hall to the foot of the staircase leading to the sick man's room, Lady Ruth met them. "So you have come at last, Mr. Gray," her ladyship said to Walter, looking critically and curiously at his companion. "Wilson has been inquiring for yon ever so often." "I am sorry I have been so long away," Walter answered touching the tips of Lady Ruth's fingers, which had been extended impulsively to him. "Is my cousin any better?" "He is much worse—is greatly agitated about something or other, but he is still quite conscious." Lady Ruth still scanned Alice inquisi- tively, and Walter deeming it best to keep the letter's identity yet unknown, introduced her by saying: "Your ladyship will permit me to intro- duce my cousin, Miss Wilson. Your hus- band wishes to see her. I'll see if he is ready to receive her." "I am delighted to know your cousin, Mr. Gray," Lady Ruth said in her most amiable manner, "I am sure we shall be great friends. You must be fatigued with your journey; let me remove your cloak and offer you some refreshment, Miss Wilson." While Alice was submitting herself to the hands of her fair hostess, Walter hurried away to the sick-room. He found Wilson Gray awake and anxiously awaiting his arrival, and the latter was evidently disap- pointed when he saw his kinsman enter the chamber alone. "You have not brought her with you, Walter!" the sufferer cried querulously. "She is not my child then, after all!" "I have brought her, Wilson. She is waiting now to see you, and there is not the slightest doubt about her being your daughter." "You found the certificate and portrait!" "Yes, but not where you placed them. Still, they are here, and I have also obtained the locket I told you about." "Let me see them, Walter! Let me see them!" Walter handed the articles to his relative, and with trembling hands and eager eyes Wilson examined the document and portrait he had placed away so many years before. Then he opened the locket and gazed upon his own features, and opposite his own face smiled that of his beautiful wife. "I remember the locket well. 'Tis the one I gave her. Where is she! Let me see her." "Do not excite yourself, Wilson. I will fetch her in a few moments. And prepare yourself for a surprise. She resembles her mother so exactly that these portraits seem to be hers. She it was who frightened you that day in the fields, when you thought you saw your wife's ghost." "How, Walter! How! Tell me." "I will send her to you, and she will tell you how it happened." "Yes, send her to me. And, Walter, go to Ruth, and tell her all. It will he a great blow to her to learn that our marriage was illegal, and that her child is illegitimate." "I will tell her, and I had better take these portraits and marriage lines to confirm what I have to say." Walter left the room, went for Alice, took her to her father, and leaving them together returned to the chamber where Lady Ruth sat, looking as superb as she did when first he met her at Sir Wilton Haigh's. Walter felt quite at ease in Ruth's presence, but he scarcely knew how to commence telling her what he had come to say. Lady Ruth seemed to be a little com- posed, and she glanced furtively, now and again, at her old lover. She had really loved Walter when they were engaged, and she loved him even now with a depth of passion he thought her incapable of feeling. Lady Ruth firmly believed that her old lover still cherished his former passion for her, and she imagined that he had sought her com- pany for no other purpose than to pass the time near her whilst the cousins were closeted together. The proceedings of the last twenty-four hours had puzzled even her astute ladyship. She had wilfully ignored her husband's request to send for Walter Gray because she knew that her old lover's presence at the Priory boded her no good. The physicians were agreed that Wilson Gray could not possibly recover, and she wanted no visitors until her husband died. Then she would be safe, but while her husband lived she wished to keep him and his kinsman apart. After getting Wilson's signature to the document she had prepared, Lady Ruth thought all her scheming and working were done. But Wilson unexpectedly regained his senses, and persisted in telegraphing for his cousin. Then Walter came, and was closeted with Wilson for a long time. Then Walter went away again, and was expected back once more. At last Walter returned bringing with him a beautiful woman, whom he had presented to her as his cousin. All this puzzled her ladyship very much. What had passed between her husband and his cousin during their long interview? On what errand had Walter gone when his return occasioned Wilson such anxiety! She could not find the answers to these questions, and strive she ever so adroitly Wilson would not answer them for her. Weak to the last, Wilson Gray dared not tell the story of his youthful sin to his wife. He knew her strong passionate nature, and he feared the edge of her keen invective. He took refuge in his illness, and relegated all explanation to a tongue other than his own. So Lady Ruth still remained uncogni- zant of the storm which was silently gathering around her. When Walter returned to the Priory with Alice, her ladyship's bewilderment was inten- sified. The sudden appearance of a beautiful cousin hitherto unknown, and even unsus- pected, added fresh elements of confusion to the mass of incidents which defied her lady- ship's brain to unravel. When Walter left the two women together Lady Ruth was especially kind and charming towards Alice. She placed her in the cosiest chair in the warmest corner of the room, drew up a small table, ordered a dainty and appetising supper, and poured out some wine for Alice with her own jewelled hands, chatting all the time, and adroitly offering Miss Gray, for such I must now call her, every opportunity of explaining everything about herself. But her ladyship's strategy was not blessed with the success it deserved. Alice might have unburdened herself to Lady Ruth had not Walter come into the room just then, saying that his cousin wished to see Alice at once. She rose immediately from her unfinished supper and left the room, and Walter Gray accompanied her to the door of the sick chamber. She went inside, closed the door behind her, and Walter returned to Lady Ruth to acquaint her of certain facts. There are many things that women only re- cognise with great difficulty and a few that they will never acknowledge at all. A woman can never bring herself to believe that a man who has once been her slave can think dis- passionately and indifferently of her even after the lapse of years. So it was with Lady Ruth. She felt certain that her old lover needed but a little encouragement to become her adorer once more, and that encourage- ment she was fully prepared to give him. Her cruel treatment of him made her feel a little uneasy now that she was face to face with Walter again. While they were exchang- ing trivial common-places, she was making a quick mental calculation as to which would be the better thing to do—to make some apology for her past conduct towards him, or ignore the matter altogether. Ultimately she decided on the latter course. That settled, she resolved to squeeze some information out of Walter regarding his fair cousin, and this was the one subject he wished to discuss with her. "How lucky you are, Mr. Gray," mur- mered Lady Ruth in the sweetest of drawls, "in having such a splendid cousin. I think Miss Wilson is the most beautiful girl I ever met." Here she glanced complacently at her- self in a mirror opposite. "I think so too," Walter replied curtly, dis- daining to pay a compliment to Lady Ruth, though she had given him such a palpable opportunity. "And she is as good as she is beautiful, your ladyship." "You admire your fair kinswoman, I see, Mr. Gray?" darting a swift look at him, "I do more; I love her. She is to be my wife before long, I hope." "Indeed!" and a jealous pang smote her heart. "It is strange that my husband never told me that he had relatives besides yourself, Mr. Gray." "But he had, you see." "So it appears, and he seems to take a great interest in this beautiful relative of his." "And well he may." "Why?" "Because, my dear Lady Ruth, she hap- pens to be his daughter." "His daughter?" "Yes." "Poor girl, I pity her. No wonder he did not tell me about her. What she must suffer. The fruit of an old liaison, I suppose?" "Your supposition is quite wrong, I assure you. You need not pity Alice, for she was born in wedlock. Of that there is not the slightest doubt, my dear Lady Ruth Gordon." "Are you quite sure of this?" "I am positive, Lady Ruth Gordon." "Why do you persist in calling me by my old name? You seem to recollect only what I was, Mr. Gray," she said almost tenderly. "Pardon me, but I rather remember what you are." "What I am?" "Yes, what you are!" "Have you forgotten that I am Wilson Gray's wife?" "I once thought you his wife, but I was mistaken, as yon appear to be. You are simply Lady Ruth Gordon only." "Are you jesting with me?" "No! I simply state a plain matter of fact." "You speak riddles. Explain yourself at once. Let us have done with all this non- sense." "Certainly. Well, the explanation is easy enough. When Robert Wilson Gray mar- ried you, his first wife was alive. Really, you ought to have been more discreet." "So that I am merely this man's mistress, and my child is illegitimate?" "You use unnecessarily hard words, I think; but I must admit that they exactly represent the facts of the case." "You are satirical." "No, only truthful." "And do you expect me to believe these things that you have told me?" "I shall not be surprised if you say that you do not; but what I have told you is neverthe- less true." "It may be as you say, but I need more than your bare word. What evidence have you to substantiate your story?" "I shall be able to satisfy you in that re- spect. But first I had better tell you the his- tory of my poor cousin's first marriage." Walter gave Ruth a brief, yet clear account of his cousin's early marriage,and how he came to leave his wife. Then he related how Alice Wilson's identity had been established by the locket, and the portraits, and it was evident that his story had impressed Lady Ruth, for when he showed her the marriage lines and other articles, she expressed herself as satis- fied. "And I suppose, Mr. Gray, that it is in- tended to make this knowledge public?" "Yes. It is absolutely necessary, in order to establish Miss Gray in her true position." "And I am to be dishonoured—to be made a theme for the gossip-mongers. Cannot I be spared all this shame? Cannot you devise some scheme to help me out of this unfortu- nate predicament?" "I do not see that anything can be done. Wilson's first marriage must be made public." "But the world need not know that his wife was living when we were married." "True, no one needs know that." Both were silent for a few minutes, then she said, "Do you think that your cousin will recover?" "I fear not. He looks much worse than he did yester morning. He appears to be sink- ing fast." "The doctors hold out no hope of his re- covery. Yesterday he sent for Sir Anthony Thornton, and that great physician said he would not recover." Again a moment or two of silence, then Lady Ruth rose to her feet, and confronting Walter in all her radiant beauty, with heav- ing bosom and flushing eyes, said, in a low, earnest voice:— "Walter, no one knows but you who Alice Gray is. You have in your possession all the materials upon which she depends to prove her identity?" "Yes! yes! certainly." "Wilson Gray is dying. In a few days I shall be free. I love yon Walter! I have al- ways loved you. Destroy the marriage certifi- cate and the portrait, and then Miss Wilson will be unable to substantiate her clam. Then we could claim all between us, and in a while we could be married!" Lady Ruth's daring scheme amazed Walter; he was silent for the moment and she thought he was giving way. "Destroy them at once, Walter. Don't delay a minute. Be quick before any one comes!" "'Twould be useless to destroy them if Wilson has made a will." "Ah! so it would. What can we do? You do not care for this woman, do you?" "Just a little—how little you may fancy when I tell you that I would rather marry her penniless than have you with Wilson Gray's fortune." "You've made a mistake, Walter—you mean you would rather take me penni----" "I mean what I said, I cannot tell you how I loathe you—yes, loathe you. You are even more despicable than I thought you. I will not spare you now, for you deserve no mercy. To-morrow every servant in the place shall know that you are, to use your own words, nothing but a mistress, and your child a bastard." Walter Gray uttered these scathing words in a deep scornful tone. Amazed by her perfidious proposals, he felt that he could not express all his contempt for her in words. He concentrated all the loathing and passion- ate scorn he could command into his voice, and his hot burning words burnt themselves into her brain. For a moment she gazed at him with stupi- fied face; then anger blazed in her big brown eyes; her full lips curled scornfully; her white teeth met viciously—for a moment he thought she was going to tear him with tooth and nail—and a mad desire swept through her to kill him, and then she swept like an empress to the door uttering not a word. But she did not leave the room. After half-opening the door she pushed it violently to again, rushed back to where Walter stood, and flung herself at his feet in a storm of passionate tears. "Walter! Walter!" she sobbed, clinging about his knees, "do not drive me to despair. Have some pity on me. I cannot live if you make me a theme for gossip- mongers and the newspapers. I love you now as only a mad woman can love. You loved me once; for the sake of the old days spare me this disgrace. See, on my knees I implore you to spare me." Lady Ruth never appeared more fascinating, and ravishingly beautiful than at that moment. Her thick, long brown hair had torn itself loose and hung about her neck and shoulders; her superb face was wet with tears and eloquent with passion, and her soft voluptuous form shook with emotion. Long enough afterwards Walter Gray remembered the picture she made, pleading to him as Iphigenia pleaded to her sire. Walter was as adamant. He was human enough to cherish a bitterness against the woman at his feet. As he had suffered she was suffering. He was just tasting of ven- geance's sweet cup; he would drink deeper still. He spoke, and his words and action drove every atom of womanliness out of Lady Ruth's heart, leaving her a veritable fiend. Passion makes sad tools of all human beings at some time or other, and Walter Gray was only mortal after all. Bending low till their faces were almost level he looked steadily in her eyes. She thought he was about to kiss her, for his eyes were lit with a warm amorous light. Suddenly his face assumed a sneering expression, a mocking laugh broke from his lips and he cried:-- "The English language contains no one word foul enough to describe you. Mer- cenary as a Jew, cruel as fate, and wicked as the devil himself, there is nothing womanly about you save the fair form. God help the man you marry, and the children you bear? Such as you disgrace all the sex—even all humanity. I will not spare you!" As he ceased speaking he pushed her from him, and she sprang to her feet and faced him. He expected a storm of passion, but she was strangely calm. A shiver passed over her frame, as though a chill wind had smitten her and congealed all her passion and feeling. She was regarding him fixedly, as though she had only just awakened to his real character. She thought she knew every nook and cranny of Walter Gray's mind, and lo, he was an enigma to her. Expecting fer- vent love, she had discovered implacable hate; instead of pliable wax he had proven unmalleable steel. "Have you said all your harsh things, Mr. Gray?" she asked quietly. "Not all I could say, but I think I have said enough." "And do you still intend to publish my misfortunes to the world—to make me the talk of all the town?" "I do; so there's an end of it," he retorted emphatically. "And may I ask you why my misfortunes are to be punished so severely?" "Your 'crimes' would be the fitter term." "I fail to see wherein my criminality lies," she rejoined. "When I married your cousin how was I to know that he had a wife living. Even his fortune would not have tempted me to marry a bigamist." "The motives which led you to marry him were base enough I know, and what has fol- lowed is but a just retribution for your sin. What a tit-bit of scandal is in store for the ladies of your acquaintance!" "I remember you telling me once that in everything you did you strove to satisfy your conscience. Can you honestly say you are doing so now?" He was silent. He felt the bite of her quiet sarcasm. He was removed by the remem- brance of an old wrong, and not conscience. "Spite prompts you to disgrace me. You cannot either forgive me for jilting you or forget what you suffered. But yours was not all the torture. Will nothing but repay- ment in pain satisfy you, and wipe off the debt? I am sorry. What more can I offer? What more can you ask?" "Sorry, are you?" he cried, laughing that taunting laugh which almost maddened her, though she remained outwardly calm. "And do you think that I shall be satisfied with your expressions of regret. I brought to you a whole heart filled with noble thoughts and lofty aspirations. I thought you only a degree beneath the angels. You gave a new colour to my life and moulded my ambitions. And what was the end? I was discarded, because I resolved to be honest. And, now, you express your sorrow and expect to be forgiven. Half a dozen words are to be the atonement for the agony I felt—each agony as only mad, loving fools feel when their hearts are half broken by heartless jades like you!" "Don't play the heroic. You have mended your broken heart it seems already, so there was not very much harm done. But perhaps you have attached yourself to Miss—Gray, I suppose I must call her—for the reason that I attached myself to her father." "What do yon mean?" "Need I explain?" "I hardly understand you." "Miss Gray's father is wealthy. Perhaps her father's fortune influenced your choice of a sweetheart, Mr. Gray?" "Dare you even impute mercenary motives to me? How many men would have done as I did?" "Very few indeed; perhaps none. And I imagine that you would act differently were the chance to come again. Fortunes are too precious to be wasted on abstract ideas of justice." "A satisfied conscience is better than riches." "That is copybook morality, manufactured by starving wretches for the edification of dirty lads to be forgotten soon after in the fight for existence. Had you been less honest how much happier we might have been." Here a little of the old passion came into her voice and eyes, and she continued: "Don't you regret the splendid existence we have missed—lost through your foolish love of honesty?" "I regret nothing, your ladyship," he re- plied, hardening his face and heart against her soft words and appealing looks. "Nay, I am even glad of what has happened." "I need to think you were too noble to rejoice in the disgrace of anyone." "I like to see justice done to all, and things have worked themselves out wonderfully, just like the end of a novel. 'Tis a fitting punishment for the beautiful and unprin- cipled schemer to have become the paramour of a bigamist, when she plotted to be the wife of a wealthy man." Lady Ruth's shapely bust rose and fell quickly, and a dangerous glitter made her big brown eyes tigerish in their look, but she mastered her passion, and said quietly— "You love to say ugly things, Mr. Gray." "And you do them." "I used to think once that you were too noble to cherish animosity against any one, let alone the woman you once loved—for I know you loved me once, if not now. You have no idea of the horror the thought of being poor gave me. I loved yon—don't interrupt me—but my training and nature revolted against love in a cottage. The hell of aristocrats is poverty; their satan is work; and rather than fall into this hades and become a toiler I would have committed suicide. The God the upper ten worship is gold; the heaven they aspire to is self-indul- gence. I adopted the creed of my people, and, acting according to its teachings, married a man of fortune—a high priest with yellow marks of divinity about him. I----" "Stop! stop! of what use is all this?" "Hear me out. You will understand me better soon. When I jilted you you thought me a shallow and heartless woman. You never dreamt of the tortures I endured; of my desires, ambitions, and love. I was between two stools, and if I preferred a luxu- rious existence rather than a life of love, had I not some excuse to offer? What induced me to follow the course pursued? My nature and training. And can you rationally blame me for doing that which my very nature and education forced me to do? I always said there were only two things worth living for--- wealth and love----" "And as I made over to my cousin that which you valued the more of the two you went to Wilson for it?" "I must admit the truth of what you say. A year ago I made the mistake of ranking riches higher than affection. To-day I know that love is more than life itself, for love is that which sweetens existence, I have erred and would make atonement if you think that I have not been punished sufficiently already. The mistress of a biga- mist, the mother of a bastard, do you wish to make me something lower still ? If you pub- lish my disgrace to the world I will kill my- self, and will your conscience, which you always strive to satisfy, be satisfied then? This shire and your own ring with tales of your goodness; show a little of it to me. Let the story of your cousin's other wife remain unknown to the world. If you will do this I will leave the Priory as soon as possible, and Miss Gray will be sole heiress to all her father's wealth. I only wish to go away to some quiet spot with my child and try to become a better woman, and live a higher life. My baby is guiltless; do not brand him with his parent's sin." She spoke eloquently; her voice was low, sweet-toned, and passionate; her big brown eyes seemed o'er-brimming with unshed tears, and the beautiful face had grown inexpres- sibly soft and womanly when she pleaded for her child. Walter had been greatly incensed by Lady Ruth's daring and base proposal to destroy all evidences of Alice's parentage, and he had a score against her for jilting him, but he was too large-hearted and generous-natured to withstand a woman's appeals. She noted the change and said— "Well, what do you say?" "It shall be as you wish," he replied. Perhaps I have been rather harsh and un- just." "Thank you. I will try to deserve your generosity. I will go now. If Wilson wishes to see me I shall be in my room." She was tuning to leave the room when her eyes fell on the remains of Alice's repast, and she re- membered that Walter was probably fatigued, and she had not been over hospitable to him. "I am sure you must be tired and hungry," she said, turning to him. "and I have not asked you to refresh yourself. May I order some supper for you?" "I should like a cup of strong tea and a bit of something to eat, if it would not be too much trouble." "Wouldn't yon prefer a drop of wine?" "No, thank you. I shall stay up all night, and a cup of strong tea will help to keep me wakeful.'' "I will order you some at once," she an- swered, and left the room. 