The Story of the Gold Jacobus, I was journeying iithwards'\iii? -fjir class compartifient of onie of the coifo6rtab? carriages of the London and North- Western SRailway Company. There was but one other traveller in the compartment:with mn <iand at" first I took but little notice ul mm, having a certain amount of literature in the shape of papers and magazines to get through-; but after an -hour or so I got tired of this occupation, and began to look about me. : r We were flying through the country at a great pace, and the landscape flitted by the windows,in a way that made it tiresome to watch, so after a while I fell to contempla ting my companion. He appeared to be a man past middle age, but his hair and moustache were so plenti fully streaked with gray that he might have looked older than he really was.... His face a handsome one, and in one respect was remarkable, for-it wore what I may term a "sacred look, as if its possessor had. experi enced a sudden fright at some time or another from which he had never quite re covered. . - ':He was well and .quietly: dressed, his whole-appearance being. that of an. intelli gent, well-bred gentleman, aaid, indeed, his looks were: oo attractive that I felt a strong disposition: to enter into conversation" with' him. i : 'think he oticed this, for.he put,down \- il"the: paper he was reading and made some :-, --casual observation; andiwith this introd?iac ictioi;: thd conversation soon became brick. We: had .many subjects in .common, r:I :`.found, and from- one to another we -pnssed: till we came--why;, or wherefore, I know not-to 'the supernatural. I was led to ex press my disbelief in it, in its main features, and here I found my companion and' I-. dif fered- materially. H.1e became graver as he. argued, and gase hiMs ideas with a seriousness that surprised me. At last, :half laughingly, 1 exclaimed, " Well, it-is :all very:: well talking about ghosts, but .I should feel far more Inclined :to.believe in them were I to see one myself, or even meet some one 'who had seen one 1" He, too, - smiled, and detaching a gold coin which.. was hanging from his watch chain, handed it to..me and begged: me to examine it, I did so, he watching me all the time, and having some knowledge of coins 'I recognised it as a "gold .jacobus" of the' reign of the first James.... :. "You. were. saying just. now. that. you would be Mni-c inclined t6 believe in the supernatural if you met some one who had: seen a ghost,'! he said.. '.' Supposing I were to- say that I were such. a.person?. That coin has an old history, and I should rather like to tell it to you, but as the story is all about myself I ant afraid perhaps it might: weary you." I assured him, . on, the contrary, : that I should like to hear it of all things; and then, psusing for a few seconds fo think, he . told me the follo-wing cxtraordinary nar rative: " Some fev .years ago I was. making. ia walking tour through North Wales.. "It was late in the afternooIn of a glori ous autumn day, 'and I intitended ending 'up with a six- mile walk over the:hills to a-little vil'ago, not well known to Ihe ordinary tourist, but wherae I was 'given to under stand that veiy fair board and lodging was to be obtained. " At first I foiund-the path easily enough, and followed it- into the wood. For a time all went well, but as I mounted higher:the track became less easy to make out,.for.the. dead leaves, which already at that season were falling in.profusion, lay thickly'strewn over it, thereby rendering it, scarcely dis tinguishable from the rest of the wood. "At length, when an hour and more had gone by, and I did not get clear of the wood, I began to .think that' lrmust have lost my way. "To my relief it presently became lighter ahead, and through a break I could make out something of the distant landscape: "I increatc.l my pace, and in a few seconds found myself in-.the full eveniig light. "At once I recognised the fact that I must have lost my way; "I cast about me for a shelter, and at length came suddenly upon a grey. stone wall, foiming the angle of a building, which, till that moment, had been hidden from me by a clump of sombre yew trees. ' A piece of luck, this,' thought LI. 'Here, at any rate, is a night's lodgiog, and possib!y some thing besides; 'but when I ldoked again I could see no smoke issuingfrdm the quaint, old-fas.hioned chimaeys, and though for a few seconds I listened attentively 1 failed to detect any sound proceeding from the building. S"A high wall, ivy-mantled, ran from the side of the house, and an archway had been constructed in it opposite to where I stood. I crossed over to this archway through tall overgrown weeds and long .grass to- find that it was closed by a rustic iron gate, but the gate as I tried it yielded to my pressure, and fell inwards with a loudclang, so scaring a large owl from:his lair in the ivy-that he swept by me uttering a succession of. startled cries. T'o tell the honest truth, I was be ginning to have a feeling that' there was something not altogether ' canny' about this place. 'TheT house itself was: gabled, but. its architecture was otherwise plain. 'The win dows were mullionted and had been diamond" paned, but the glass was mostly gohe and mn places only the fragments of the setting remained. The doorway receded somewhat from the face of the house, and to my satis faction I saw that the do6r itself, of massive oak studded with great nails, half open. "As I looked siiddenly the sky became overcast, and without warning, for I had not noticed how?'he clouds hall gathered, a vivid flash of lihtniing"lit up the sky aud illuminated the whole house. .. "Anid in tha" instaiit I 'caught eight of something whiciffille~d nie. with surprise, and sent involuntarily aco!d'!liver through me, for as I was ribont to mount the steps and enter the porch ! felt' positive thdat I saw the Sfigure of a man itanding in the doorway !. "One hand rested upon the door, the other was outsperlai, and with 'his: head slightly inclined he seemsd i by his attitude to be inviting me to enter., " His face was curiously pale,-aud he wore a grizzled peaked bcard and moustache-of autique cut, but hisexpressicn I did not like, for though he greeted me with what was nmecant to be a smile of welcome,: his face wore a cunning look that bespoke treachery. I was surprised to notice that he was clothed in garnments after the fashion of the early part of the seventeenth century, and in fact his attire and appearance generally belonged rather to the period of E!izabeth or the first James than to our own times. "For a moment. I hestitated, but as the rain commenced to fall briskly I ran up the steps and passed through the doorway into a small stone hall. "The Iigure had disappeared, but as 1 entered I thought that.I heard a low laugh echo through the building, and again for an instant the same disagreeabl feeling came over me. I looked round'quickly, but rioth ing was tobe seen. I was fortunately provided with a small travellirng lamp and matches, so I lostno time in raising a light; and the'n by the lamp's lays I took a brief survey. It wasclearthat my fancy. must have played me a trick, for not only was the ball empty, but I cojldsee at a gllnce that the house had not been occupied for a very long tinis past. "The floor of the hall' thickly- covered with the dust of ages, was of stone, while the walls were panelled with dark oak. At one end a great open 'fireplace stood almost choked up. with rubbish, and on the right h'hand'side a narrow staircase with ancient carved balustrades led to the 'neit:floor. Three or four doors opened into the hall, and the handle of one of them I turned and .with difficulty forced the door open. Hold ing my lamp high above my head I entered the room, as I did so scaring a party of rats from the floor so that they scuttled away to their holes in wild alarm, making me jump almost as much as 'I made them. "The room I had entered was long and low roofed. It was lighted by three windows, two being at the side, the other at the far -end of the room'in a kind of alcove, opened out on to the glade before the wood and formed a garden entrance to the room. I was surpri ed to see that this room contained several pieces of old furniture-a heavy cak table, a few chairs, and a rude square-backed sofa or settle such as our ancestors loved. (and even certain persons in our own day love) to make themselves uncomfortable i"'. "The' walls were panelled, but in several places they bore traces of decay, as did also the floor and the ceilinrz. " There was the same kind of open grate. as in irinthe btall, but on a smaller scal,', and I thought by clearing out the rubbish which here too had fallen from the chimney I might raise a fire and make myself as much at home under the circumstances as was pos sible. : "I set the, lamp on the. table and went out of doors in search of fuel. " ".Thedstorm- h'(d pa·sed'odf inow, and the moon, shining pleasantly through the shift. ing clouds, glistened upon the leaves which the rain had just sprinkled. Without going far I found what I wanted, and soon re turned to the house laden with an armful of dead wood. But to light it, mois' as it wag, was not so easy, and it was some time before it could be got to burn. At last its hissings and splutterings became less demonstrative, and a good blaze roared up the chimney, casting a ruddy' glow to the farthest corner of the room. " I felt now if I had only something to console the 'inner man' I could be content. The warmth'and glow of the fire were quite' cheering, and I drew the rickety old sofa close upto the fire, and propping my head with my knapeack demolished my biscuits and commenced preparations for the pipe of -peace. .Under its soothing influence I be gan to feel quite resigned, and gazing com posedly into the flames I set to work'to con jure up a history for the former dwellers in this place. -I tried to imagine the rooms peopled again with figures in the quaint costume, of three 'centuries ago - figures dressed iafter the fashion of that queer-look ing old fell6w I thought I had seen greeting me in the doorway. S" By ,the way, what odd tricks one's fancy sometimes p!ays 1 But I must not go on'thinking and dreaming in this way or there will be no end to the queer people I shall' see And so .my thoughts ran on.. The smoke rolled unceasingly. up the chimney, and as I watched it through the. vapour of my own pipe there stole over nie a soft dreaminess, and I closed my eyes. ::Clink-clink--. I awoke suddenly. The, fire had died down, and only a few hot embers burned in the grate, yet there was plenty of light in the room, for the mcon was streaming in through the casement with remarkable brilliancy. COlink--c.ink-clink. ! The sound was quite distinct this time. I raised myself to lobk. 'I cound 'dis'inguish nothing at fitat, but as the sound seemed to come from the long window in the alcove, I ?glanced towards it, and then I plainly saw a dark shadow across the window. " Some one was trying to force. their way into the room, but who could it be-for it was hardly likely robbers would select this empty place ? I felt curious to see what would happen. "Presently the fastenings gave, the win dow slowly opened, and as it did so the figure of a remarkably tall man, closely muffled in a long cloak, and with a large slouch hat drawn well down over the face, appeared at the entrance. Standing out darkly against the light, he paused for an inslant as if !o listen, and then turned and gave a low peculiar whis'le, thrice re peated. It was answered, and almost imme diately two other figures came out from under the shadow of the wood and ap proaclhed the window, bearing between them with difficulty a heavy burden. " They paused at the entrance to the win dow, and again seemed to listen. "Satisfied aliparentiy, 'the figure I had first seen stood aside, and staggering under the 1 ad, the others came slowly into the room, and silently with a great effort raised and laid it upon the table. SAs they did this the burden gave a kind of shiver, and something escaping from the covering which enveloped it hung down over the side of the table, "There are moments in one's life when the shock of some sudden discovery seems t.j paralyse the nerves and deprive the body of all action. It was so with me then, for as the moon's rays fell upon it to my interse horror and alarm I saw that that something was a human hand and arm I "That I was the witness of some tragedy I could net but believe, but I also felt that were I not to remain unobserved there would be danger to myself. However repugnant to my feelings, I must watch and wait with out attempt at intetferenice. Taree to one were odds I did not care to face. " The two figures tansed after their exer tions, and drew their arms across their fore heads. They' wre standing in the full mconlight now, and I noticed with surprise that the face of each of them wore a gha tly pallid hue, which seemed scarcely natural in livinug bheings. " I was even more surprisedto see that the cut of: their garments was strangely old fashioned. They, too, wore slouched hate,long cloaks, and antique riding boots, and these latter were splashed with' mud as if they'ha'. ridden hiard. "I concluded that the tall figure I.1 had first seen must be in authority over the other two, f:or now, obedient to a: gesture from him, one of them moved to the door, and, opening it, looked out, and gavi the low peculiar whistle I had heard beforc. '! An extraordinary stillness prevailed throughout the:house, but from some distant portion of it I thought that I heard the signal-for such evidently it was- faintly answered. "Then a door s!ammed, and presently a Ssteathly step came down the staircase and crossed the hall towards our room. A light danced upon, the old oak panelling, then Sflickered and spread gradually, a', shading a lr amp with his hsJd, a fourth pFer~cn 'entered . the room. I look ed at the faceof this new Scomer, and could scarcely believe that I saw, t aright, for who should it prove to be but the very man whom by the flashing light I e had seen-in my imagination as I had be a lieved-~beckoning me to enter at the hall ' door. Setting down the light, he glanced first at the figure lying still upon the table, 1 then from one to the other, rubbing his b hands the while, and smiling with grim a satisfaction, which seemed to me perfec.ly e atrocious. " As for the others, they scarcely deigned a to notice him, and he, whom I judged to be ,, the l, ader of the band, gave an impatient a gcst'ra towards the body lying before t them. Appalled, I watched therd roughly d tear away the covering, and expose to my ho; rified gaze the blood-stained body of a e man with a frightful gash in his throat, S.richly dressed, but in a fashion long gone by. S"I watched them as they proceeded then to rifle.the body. ,I watched them empty out .their .vitim's pockets, and tear away the breast of his doublet in their search for any valuables he might!possess. I watched them clutch with fiendish glee a well-filled money bag, and pour ouht its contents-a golden pile-upon the table. " It was all too horrible ! I became per fectly sickened, and more than ever alive to what my own fate Would be were these murderers to discover my presence. I slid quietly off the sofa with the intention of concealing myself behind it, but in doing so I slipped, and stumbling against it the whole fell with a loud crash upon the fl 6r. Never in my dying day shallI forget the agony of that moment. There wad an a: fal pause. 'The party at the table stop.icl in their unholy work, and I heard a coia fay from the table and roll along the floor to vards me. " I drew myselE up and facel them. And what did I see? All the previous horror of that ni-ht Was as n.ithingto the 'h?ojror of this m(m-:t., f' r as .hey turned toward me, the ghastly light fel upon their faces, Iknc'v that Iwas looking vupo the features tf menr who had been long dead ! " My eyesight tecame dim. The room, the furniture, those awful figures grew misty and indistinct. .... " At last I awoke, shook myself, and was walking to the window when my foot kicked ag?anst something, and stooping down I: picked up, to my great surprise, a gold coin of the reign of James I. I have kept it ever since, and it is the very coin which I at tracted your notice.to just now. 1 should like yoi'to examine it cls ily. "Gathering together my traps, ITtook a last look around the room,.and crossed to 'the window in the alcove, intending'to make my exit by that way,'but I found that not only was the windo'w tightly closed;, but the amount of dust and cobwebs over it showed plainly that it could not have been made use of for some time past'! I had, in fact, to return to the hall door in order to get out of the house. I crossed the glade, and, climb ing the hillside, entered the wood once more.. "It was only by followiug the track fora long distance back that I found where I had gone wrong, and " without further. delay: I proceeded to rectify the error, with the re suit of reaching the village in the course of .an.hour's time. "'The inn was of a very primitive descrip tion, but anything I thought would have been preferable to my hateful quarters of the night before. "'Dream or no dreami, what" I had gone through bad evidently affected me, and my: nerves, I was obliged to confess to myself, felt in anything but a satisfactory state. Indeed, I felt as I had never felt before. " I was naturally.curious" to know soine thiug about my quarters, and I tried to elicit some information from the landlady of the inn, who, indeed, seemed nothing loth to dis cuss the subject.: "She opened her eyes widely when I first told her where I had passed the night, and frankly said that nothing would induce her or any of the neighbours even to- go near the place after nightfall, for it bore a most evil reputation in the district. " The house itself hadlnot been' occupied for many years, but in the early part of the: reign of King James I. .it had became notorious as the haunt of a band of robbers; " The attention of. the authorities of that day was called to the constant disappear ance from the King's highway of travellers and others whose fate. always remained a mystery, for in no: case was the body of .a missing man found. "At last the scandal became so great that the sheriff and his posse conmitatus-set to work to scour the district, and finally ran'the robbers to earth inna lonely manor house up in the hillsi which they had made their head quarters. . '! A desperate fight ensued which ended in the destruction of the band, those who sur vived the fight expiating their evil, on the scaffold. "On searching 'the hous3 and: premises the remains of no less than twenty-five; human beings were found, for in every case where a murder bad been committed the body had been conveyed to the robbers' headquarters, there to be stripped at leisure. To say that I was amazed at the. particulars: of the story, would be to put it mildly. I had been witness of a scene that must have taken place. hundreds of years before, and here was the gold jaco bus to prove it 1" 