PROTECTION OF AURIFEROUS LAND. IK consequence of representations made in the Sandhurst Mining Board, we alluded to the case in the Shire of Marong, in which it was said the land had recently been granted to John Goulden and David McLay, in spite of the opposition of the Mining Board and the Marong Shire Council to the granting there of. A motion was also passod to the effect that the Sandhurst members should ascer tain the particulars of the att'air, and tako such steps as they might deem advisable to prevent the land from being locked up from the miners. It appeared from this that the LandB department had allowed the ground to be alienated in spite of the protests of the Shire Council and the Mining Board. In another column will be.found Mr. Goulden's statement, from which it will be seen that he has acquired no title to the ground by which the miners can be excluded. He speaks particularly of his own case, but we yndarstand that his statement applies also to Mr. McLay, whose land is situated at some distance, from his. He has been granted a gracing license umjerth.o Q7ti) s§c(.lqn of {.lie Land Act which holds goqc} fqp 13 month? only; and although he hag greeted a fence, ha has done go at his own risk, and has left a gate by which access can be gained at any time. The grazing license gives him no right to ex clude miners or splitters, arid he would not attempt to oppose their entrance. It was stated at the Mining Board that a lead at a depth of 75 feet, from which half an ounce of gold to the load was being obtained, was trending in the direction of the land which had been granted to Mr. Gouldon. This he denies in a letter addressed by him to the shire council, which wo publish elsewhere, and the contents of which were unknown to us when we wrote on the subject., He fur ther states that applications by other people in the same neighborhood have been granted without opposition from the local bodies. Of course, this makes a good deal of difter once in the aspect of the business as far as Mr. Goulden is concerned. But we dealt with the subject from a general point of view, under which the locking up of auri ferous land from the minora and the alienation of commonages cannot be too strongly cundemned. As regards the latter, by the way, Mr. Goulden says that the land was not a common, but an old rail way reserve, for which the Government had no use. The tone adopted by the Mining Board conveyed the impression that -the land was auriferous, and no doubt, Mr. M'Intyre, by whom the matter was brought forward, believed it to be so. But, accord ing to Mr. Goulden'a statement, al though the ground is gold - bear ing, it is not so to such an extent as to pay for working, having been tried and abandoned by the diggers. The Mining Board cannot be blamed for keeping a watchful eye on such proceedings. In fact it is bound in duty to strictly guard auri ferous land in behalf of the diggers; and it certainly did seem to bo very wrong on the part of the Lands department to allow the land to be occupied to the exclusion of those who might wish to search upon it for gold. The remarks in oui article of Satur day were entirely in this direction, and they still apply to the action of the department in dealing with auriferous or commons land. As this case stands, Mr. Goulden, who is himself an old miner, and is now the mining manager of the South St. Mungo mine, whilst he has no' right to exclude miners, declares that he has not the smallest wish to prevent anyone from digging upon it. So far, then, the land is not locked up from mining operations, but too much care can not bo taken to prevent the alienation of land which may be required for such pur poses. Reported Death of Jones, the Ckicketkh.— A telceram from Sydney in last night's Herald states that S. Jones, the Australian cricketer, who recently caught cold, is ill from rheumatic fever, and it is rumored that he has died from the effects, but the report requires confirmation, and at pre sent is not credited. It will be seen by our cablegrams this morning that Jones is laid up at Nottingham with rheumatic fever, but there is no mention of his death, which is probably not true. It is to be hoped there is no truth in the rumor, as apart from sad nature of such an event, the Australians would suffer a very severe loss in deed, Jones being the most reliable batsman in the team. Politics in- Queensland.—It will be seen by our telegraphic news from Brisbane that the Ministry of Sir Samuel Griffith does not intend to meet Parliament. It is further stated that there will bo no Governor's speech at the opening of Par liament, but that after the election of Speaker, the House will adjourn for six weeks, to allow of the new Ministry of Sir Thomas M'llwraith formu lating their policy. The Governor's speech will be delivered at the reassembling of the House. The Return Ball.— The committee in connec- tion with the return ball to the mayor and Mrs. Connelly met yesterday. A letter was received from the mayoress as to the form of the presenta- tion which is usually connected with the ball, and upon which she had been asked her wishes. Her wish is that the amount which the committee pro- pose to expend should be spent in the purchase of books, to be handed over to the Bendigo Hospital in her name, to form the nucleus of a patients' library, or to be handed over to Mr. Van Damme, the president of the institution, for that purpose. The wishes of the mayoress were received with approval by the committee, and it was resolved to carry them into effect. We feel sure Mrs. Con- nelly's action will meet with general approval, and it is to be hoped that now the proposal to establish a library for the use of the hospital patients is being taken up in such practical form, that the citizens will come forward and further assist such a commendable idea. The Accident to Mr. J. C. Walker.—The friends of Mr. J. 0 Walker, who was injured at the races on Wednesday last, will be glad to hear that he is progressing as well as can be expected. It is anticipated that in about a week's time the bones of the lower jaw, which were broken, will have united sufficiently to enable him to speak. Licensing Court. —Tim quarterly sittings of the Sandhurst Licensing Court for the transfer of licenses and other business will be held tO:day at the Supreme Court at 1Q a.m. Mr. Judge Wbrthington and Messrs. Strickland and Bartrop, P.Ms., will preside. The court will sit at Eagle hawk in the afternoon. Success of a Young Bknoigonian.—In our Saturday's issue we referred to the success of Mr. A. R. Downes at the recent examinations at the Pharmacy College, and to-day we also chronicle the success at the same examinations of Mr. Fred. Waller, son of Sir. John Waller, of Mitchell street. Crrv Police Court.—Mr. R. Strickland, P.M., and Messrs. J. G. Edwards and John Stamp, Js.P., occupied the bench yesterday morning, and fined Jas. Callaghan and John Flannigan 20s. each for fighting in the Commercial hotel on race night. Jas. Canham, suffering from drink, was remanded to the lunacy ward of the hospital for a week. A small debt case, the Lyceum Store Co. v. Campbell, £4 14s. 3d., goods suld, was ad journed as tho. summons had not been returned. Mr. Cohon, who appeared for plaintiff, 6aid that was strange, as he bad received a letter from defendant, dated 5th June, stating that he had received the summons. Sergeant Fahey under took to enquire into the matter, and the court was then adjourned. Warden's Court.—Mr. Warden Strickland presided at this court yesterday, when the applica tion of John Noeson for a lease at Sheepsiiead, Sandhurst, was recommended, subject to the water supply races and pijies being protected. The court then adjourned. The Poor Box.—Michael Ryan and his family sustained a loss recently by the destruction of his residence by fire, and as it was represented ta Oonstablo Roach that they worn in destitute cir cumstances and the house not insured, a subscrip tion list was started and money to the amount of £10. was subscribed. It was subsequently discovered that the bouse was insured fur £150, and as the family did not ap pear to be so destitute as stated, Constable Roach returned the subscriptions less £2 Os. (id., which the following subscribers declined to rcaeiyo. and expressed a wish (which has been complied with) that their subscriptions should be donated to the poor boxM. Conwav, T. 0. Tool, D. Moorhead, F. Botfey, 03. each; T. Dunne, Mr?. Weirth, S. Freeman, John M'Inness, Peti'r Mack, 2s. (id. each; F. Harrison, Mrs. Dowd, 3s. each; and John Cashman, 2s. Ministers' Association.—The Sandhurst and Eaglehawk Ministers' Association held its monthly meeting yesterday at the Rev. W. Moore's, Eagle liawk. After devotional service and disposal of preliminary business, the Rev. J. M'Lareu intro duced for discussion the subject of centennial 1 missions, urging uflon the ministera'present the necessity for something being done in Sandhurst and neighborhood. It was resolved that an ad journed' meeting be held on Monday, 18th June, 10 a.m., at the Rev. S. I. Green's, to make ar j rangements for holding a mission as soon as possible. The following ministers were present— The Revs. W. Moore (chairman), S. I. Green, S. T. Whittington, E. Turner, J. M'Laren, W. Williams, P. Hauserj T. E. Jones, and W. C. Tavlor (secretary.) Transfer of Property.—Elizabeth Ryan was arrested yesterday by Constable O'Kcefe on a charge of stealing wearing apparel and crockery ware from Margaret Tandy, Dowling-street. '.'.'he parties are neighbors; and Tandy having migspd her 'property obtained a seqfph-.warfiirit, which was L'iediifced by the 'constable,"'and some of the stolen property was found in prisoner's possession. A Woman-Beater,'—A man named Thomas Barry was arrosted yesterday, on warrant, by Constable Hogan, for inflicting grievous bodily harm upon Susan Filgate, whom he had un mercifully beaten, necessitating her attendance at the hospital, where, her wounds were dressed. He will be brought before the bench to-day. S}[.\iyr, rut Not Sjmih! ]3.\\-qui}u,— A young man front, the country, giving the name of Wm. Kinsella, called at the Becliivo Stores, in Har greaves- street, last evening and purchased a lady's ulster for ISs. Ho asked the assistant to come with him across to Mr. Haves' office, as he did no; wish to give a cheque. They went and found tho office closed. Kinsella then asked the assis tant to go into Mr. Hankin'a store for some reason or other, winch he did, and on his return Kinsella had decamped with the ulster. The matter was | reported to the police, and Senior-constable Barry i went in quest of the offender, and cleverly follow ing up his track succeeded in arresting hin- at the I railway station, when a ticket was found in his possession for Rochester. Ho waa duly lodged in the cells of the watchiiouso. The English. Footballers.—Sandhurst is to be favored with an early visit from the team of English footballers, at. present playing in New South Wales. This week they are to arrive in Victoria, playing their first match in Melbourno on Saturday against the Carlton. On the Wednes day following they play here, when they meet the Bendigo Clnb at Back Creek. No'doubt there' will be a great crowd to see the first team of English footballers' who1 have visited tlie colonies, ' jn-the Hdafcjrit.^Qlui '•'W'Gstt&j;, ■ifged'oq te4^. Ac|r(i|tte4 Dtl| A'p.rllj }8SS, 3ie3 yW terd'sy (rum phthisis, Theft of a Money Letter.—-A correspondent signing herself "Pro Bono Publico," writes to us asfollows :—"A shameful and cruel robbery of a money letter committed by some employe of the post office, has recently come to light. On the 27th of May last my husband posted at the post office, North Fitzroy, a letter, enclosing two one pound notes, and addressed to me at my residence, Sailors Gully. The letter has not been delivered at my residence, and I can gain no intelb'gence of it at the post office Eaglehawk, and the like result ha3 attended my husband's in quiries . at the post office, Fitzroy. If this were the only cuss, of the kind under notice that is known to have occurred, it would be bad enough, but unfortunately it is not; and it is there fore downright disgraceful that such a state of things should be found to exist in this rich and I highly-favored colony, where the servants of the public are bo highly paid and pampered with in numerable holidays, and to whom the temptations of poverty are unknown. And I feel convinced that if it were practicable to employ respectable young women as sorters and letter carriers, rob beries of money-letters would be absolutely un known." Bruigewater Statu School.—In reference to the extension of the Bridgewater on- Loddon state school building, Mr. J.H. M'Coll, M.V., has been informed by the department that the Minister has obtained from the Treasurer a special advance for the purpose, and tile work will therefore be under taken with the least possible delay. Golden" Square Working Men's Club.—The usual monthly meeting of_ the above club was held last evening in the Institute. Present—Mr. .T. Bisset (in the chair), Mr. J. F. Hogan (secretary), W. Riley, A. .T. O'Neil, J. Thomas, R. Jones, A. J. James, J. Lonsdale, W. Giltnoro. A letter was received from the Chief Secrutaiy's office, asking for information regarding book grant. The secretary reported having furnished the necessary information. The secretary (Mr. J. 1'. Hogan).. reported having received the annual grant, £33, from City Council. Received.—The library committee reported having purchased books to the amount of £20. Several members suggested that amusements should be provided during the winter months, and it was decided, on the motion of Mr. James, seconded by the chair man, that the Rev. J. >1. Potter be asked to deliver a lecture at an early date in aid of the funds of the institute. The secretary and chair man were instructed to interview Cr. Harkness for information regarding the book grants. Ac counts amounting to £n (is were passed for pay ment and the meeting closed. Science Society.—A meeting of the committee of the above society was held last night, in the School of Mines. PresentRev. J. Garlick (vice-president) in the chair. Dr. Colquhoun, Messrs. Craig, Creeth, Crofts (auditor), Knight and Robshaw, also the hon. secretary and treasurer. The president sent an apology for absence. The minutes of last committee meeting were read and confirmed A statement of the financial condition of the society was read by Mr. Sauerbery (hon. treasurer), and certified by the auditor. It showed that there were funds in the bank to the credit of the society to the amount of £20 15s. lOd. Accounts were then passed for payment to the amount of £IG 4s. od. including £14 B*. od. of debts incurred prior to the resuscitation of the society. It was decided th.it the committee meet on !)th July, to consider the revision of the existing rules, and if necessary to recommend alterations and additions to a general meeting of members, to be subsequently convened for the purpose. Several other matters were dis cussed, and the meeting adjourned. Long Gullv Mechanics' Institute. — The usual monthly meeting was held in the institute last evening. There were present—Mr. T. Prout (chairman), and Messrs. W. Philpot, J. F. Hall, J. Rogers, H. Hattam, R. T. Thomas, T. E, Thomas, and J. Shepherd. A communication was received from the town clerk, Sandhurst, in timating that the annual grant-in-aid was avail able. The secretary was instructed to acknow ledge the same with thanks. Accounts amounting to £11 0s. 4d. were passed for payment, and the meeting adjourned. Mr. T. Jefferson Connelly, mayor of Sand hurst, who in company with several friends has been on a visit to Lake Tyers, passed through Sale on Friday. The party were shown over Sale by the mayor (Mr. G. H. AYise), and expressed themselves (says the Gippsland Times) as very much"pleaded with the town and district. Sandhurst Elite Skating Rink, Short street.—There was a very large attendance at the above rink last evening," tho rinkers thoroughly enjoying themselves. On Wednesday evening a ladies' race will take place, the distance being one mile. The first prise will be a valuable gold ir."?dal, and tho second a silver medal. The race will start at 9 p.m. On Saturday evening there will be a gentleman's handicap race, for which a large number cf entries have already been re ceived. It should be very evenly contested, as a large number are busily training for the event. Traffic Returns.—The Victorian Railways traffic returns for the week ended 7th June, show the following results, the number of miles open being 2,017, as against 1,880 for the corres ponding period of 1887. Total returns for the week ended 7th .Tune, Lo2.3f>3 17s. Sd.; for corres ponding period of 1S87, L37,82(i os. Sd. Aggregate t?> date from 1st July, L2,580,325 2s. (>d.; for cor responding period in 1837, L2,323,370 15s. od. Weekly average (4lJ weeks), L52,G59 los. lld.j 1S87, £47,41514s. 7d. A New Departure.—We have to acknowledge receipt of a cop}' of the " Mark Lane Express,' a long established English agricultural journal. The paper contains interesting matter, and the proprietors announce, in view- of the Melbourne International Exhibition, that they have estab lished an agency in Melbourne. Death of Mr. Justice Gwynne.—Mr. Justice Gwynne died at Adelaide on Saturday. He was born in Le wis, Sussex, in 1811; He was trained for the bar (says the Argus) and arrived in South Australia in 183S. He became a barrister, and began practising his profession immediately on arrival.' He was associated with the leading lawyers of the day, and attained considerable note for his knowledge of equity law. He w-as one of tho first eighteen members nominated by the Governor for the Legislative Council of South Australja, of whom only, five are now alive. He \yas on the select committee which drafted tl\e new Constitution Act, and in 1857 was elected to. the Legislative Council in accordance with its provi sions, and for 10 days he was Attorney-General in Mr. John Baker's Ministry. In February, 185P„ he was 'appointed third: judge, soon after second judge, and later on primary judge. In 1881 he re tired, receiving a pension of £1,300 a ye'ir. Mr. Gwynne was a full cousin of General Gordon. He toqk very little interest in pplities. He was the first cultivator of oranges in the < olony, and too\; an interest in viticulture, and also in racing, Subpqsew Case ob Drowsing.—about one o'clock on Sunday morning tho constable who was on di^ty at the CJunen's Wharf, Melbourne, on the north side, heard several piercing screams as of a man in distress on the opposite side of the river. He n\n round as quickly as possible, aod there met a watchman who was ou the same quest as hiinsalr, having heard the screams and also a. splash as of some one falling into the river. A careful search was made (says tho Argus) but nothing was seen, either in the river or on the wharf. It is believed that someone had either fallen or jumped into the river at the spot from where the screams pro ceeded. Serious Charges against Lunatics Asyluji Officials.—Mrs. Green, an inmate of the Auck land Lunatic Asylum, has made some serious charges against the management and officials. She alleges that the female assistants dressed themselves up as ghosts to frighten her, locked her up i\ padded room, informing her that they were going for an undertaker to order her coffin,, and suliso quently one of the attendant!. ii\ tho dress of a sis ter of charity, urged hei> to make a confession be fore the coffin came. She also states that she was dragged by tho hair of tho head to the bathroom, and, on refusing to enter, was slapped on the face. The complaint (says tho " Argus" corespondent) has been forwarded to the Government. Tiif. Rabbit Destruction C.avMi.ssiox.— Pro fessor Allen, Dr. Bancroft and Mr. Pearson, members of the Kiiumission appointed by the New South Wales Government to inquire into the destruction of rahbitn, returned to Sydney on Saturday, accompanied by tho secretary, A^y. Mahon. Messrs. Bell arid Tobart returned some days previously. The, most important evidence re ceived by tho commission was given by Dr. Butcher, discoverer of the " TiatiuoUogav" disease, who des cribed the om-r-o ot tho disease, which in every ex periment but one had proved fatal. The alnio.sV unanimous opinion of those examine^ y,} the different places visited by the con^nnsiion was that wire netting should take p,n important place in any future, o£ destruction. On Saturday tho commission visited Rodd Island, where arrangements for carrying, out experiments aro almost completed. Dr. Ellis, who, in conjunction with Dr. Butcher, _ has been engaged in experi ments with what is known as the Tintinollagy disease for the extermination of rabbits, returned ' from the scone of operations on Saturday, and ho make3 some striking statements as to the effect of the disease amongst rabbits. Since the iuoculation of rabbits on the station jn December last, this and the surrounding stations have b.->en freed f\\-oiy, the pest, rabbits dying in thousands ;;)! oyer 1;he country. It is stated that the d^t:.^ b.ai n,o effect on stock or birds. _ The members, of- th,o Rabbit Commission who \isite$ th'e locajiltf' last month are said $n ha\\.ahe.e.q greatly impressed With what they sa\\\; and Yfith the evidence given of what had resulted ffoni the experiments, I'Ror-osno New I who at ion Colony.—Intima tion ia to hand that Fawkner's estate of 2,000 acres, and Burton's estate of 1,000, situated at Harston, six miles from Tatura, have been sold j to a Melbourne syndicate at a high figure. The I price is withheld. It is intended (says +i)V>>-i) to form an irrigation colony, pjicJ oifors aro held out by the syndicate? to purchase all the land within a certain radius of Tatura, and situate within tho irrigation channel areas, for tho same ' object. The Premier Stopped by a Doorkf.efer.— Now that our great Centennial is fast approaching its day of opening (Says the Herald), the authori ties are becoming very strict with regard to the admission oi persons, either connected or uncon nected with the show. No one excepting members, of the secretary's staff is allowed to enter the b)j,ikV ings or grounds, even workmen having ta renew their passes from week to week. "Jho occurrence about to V>e narrated will $m-o to illnstrato the strict impartiality with which the remmc isenforced. The chivalrio polltenessof ourPremier, has become so well known as to be proverbial Recently he pre sented himself, accompanied by a party of ladies, at tho Nicholson-street entrance, and was stopped by the official whose duty it is to act rv.; guardian of this particular domain. "Don't you know me, my 'man?' said tho Honorable Duncan, 'swellin' \miV5y\iv "No, sir, never set eyes on you beforo." replied tho doorkeeper., " I'm Duncan Gillie^. I've a roving eoio missiou to go where I_ please." And lie did. Having gallantly shown his (.",ir friends, round} on passing out he paused, t,i compliment' thp man. on the manner'"n which pprformijil his. functions, end '§iud, V^Y'eir'iiop.e, tuy.'mjiiV TfonW gone VOW duty op' well as thp preside^ o| tho show." \Vlio pliall iifter this that the interests of the grent Centennial are nop zealously £unrde Fatal Result of Jokinc.—A sad fatal occur, rencn tuok place on Saturday afternoon a* Geelong at about half past four o'clock. T;vn' vou'ng men, named Charles Olson, aged 22 vears and Frederick Dunstan, 17 years of age, employed as assistants fay Mr. Treadgold, butcher in the Market; square, began to fence, Olson with a butcher's knife and a meat cleaver, and Dunstan with a steel and a tomahawk. As soon as thev began (says the "Argus") the knife entered into Duns ton a chest above the short rib, and uene. trated about an inch and a half deep. Olson it once went for Dr. Small and on his return th« wounded youth was taken to the hospital where he died 1.1 the passage. Olson gave himself i„t0 custody, and was charged with manslaughter \ son of Mr. Treadgold was present when the svl affair occurred. UMTUCCTIKG A Railway Like.—About ten o'clock on Sunday morning (says the HnulA Inspector Osborne while passing along the rail way line at Aorth trlass- streetcropping, E«Bendon noticed two large stones lyincr on the rails Thi'v each mea-uivd about « x -1 inches, and were probably sufhciently large enough to cause a seri ous accident to a train poing at a fast rate of speed. The police were informed of the matter and a search made. Traces of footprints were found at and about the spot, but the heavy ni>> had so obliterated then, that nothing could'be done. When the ganger passed along the line at seven o clock a.m. it was quitn clear and the stones must nave been placed where they were found be fcween that hour ond ten o'clock a m The Han-lax and Trickett MATcn.-Both Hanlan and Lnckett went out on Saturday even ing at Kockhampton. Hanlan tried for the first time his new Sullivan boat, which lie likes much On Sunday both rowed in the morning and even" ing, working well. Betting is 5 to 2 on Hanlan. Ri ver rowed to-morrow on the Fitzroy ^A,TAL Accident at North cote.—An accident which lesulted in the death of a quarryman named Frederick Myers occurred at Dennis's quarrv iSorthcote, on Saturday morning. Mvers wis employed at the quarry and when a "falast w'as about to be fired to dislodge a large quantity of stone he retired upon the signal being given but not to a sufficient distance. A piece of rock dis charged by the explosion struck him with great force on the side, breaking several of his ribs and inflicting internal injuries. He was conveyed at once to the Melbourne Hospital, but expired at midnight. Deceased was 23 years of age (says the Aryus), and a resident of Walker-street, North cote. Ax Ento_u.ntf.ii in A Railway CAraiAGE.-On Saturdaynight, in the 11.50 train from Melbourne to Jissendon, a disgraceful row occurred. At tho moment of starting from Melbourne (says the Age Or. 1 arsons, a member of the Essendon Borough Council, entered the smoking carriage in a quai relsome state and accosted a passenger sit ting peaceably smoking. The gentleman resented the assault, and was thereupon immediately set on with tiger like ferociousness by a friend of the councillor who was in the carriage, and a disTaee ful fifjht ensued. When the train entered the Kensington station, Railway-detective Wilson who was fortunately travelling in the guard's van of tho same tram, entered the carriage and ar rested tho three of them, who were stru^ling together on the floor of the carriage, and took them to the Kensington police station. A IlEiiiii.w Ciiohal Society,—At a meetin^ of members of the Jewish persuasion held at "the Hebrew-school hall, Albert-street, last Thursday evening, the Rev. Isidore Myers, B.A., presiding aisociety was formed (says the "Age") called The Melbourne Hebrew Choral Sociecy' liavino- for its object the cultivation of sacred music of a° Jewish character, such as Hebrew melodies, oratorios and cantatas, to be rendered publicly from time to timo, in aid of charitable and svnagogal objects, lhe Rev. I. Myers was elected president; Mr. \\\ Bentwitch, honorary secretary; and Mr. J. Fred man, honorary conductor. It was decided to ask for the patronage of the Mayor of Melbourne and Mr. I rederic H. Cowen and others; to have, at oftenas possible, special rehearsals under the superintendence of Signor Hazon; and to hold the first weekly meeting for rehearsal m the above hall next Thursday, at S p.m. t> ^T; fA-HUCK'sCATHEDHAL.—The portion of St. latrick s Cathedral on the north side, opposite Brunswick-street, has just been completed. The portion is one of the seven chapels which will, in in the completed design, surround the nave from transept to transept. When the foundation stone was laid by Archbishop Goold some years ago (says the " Argus") the chapel was dedicated to AH bonis, and thus part of the cathedral was in tended to be used as a mortuary chapel for the dig nitaries of the diocese. Upon the death of the late archbishop, two ywxrs asro, his re mains were deposited in this ' buildin". Ihe second anniversary of his death fell yesterday, preparation for the anniversary, Archbishop Carr, on Saturday last, blessed the building, and celebrated the first mass within its walls for the repose of the soul of his predecessor, whose remains lie under the altar of the chapel The vicar-general, D.r, Mupatriek, celebrated the second mass }}r. Fitzpatrick enters upon the nJnd year Of his missionary labors in Australia rao"t,h- ,h;lving arrived in Sydney in July, lo.ii; and he has for the last SO years devoted him self to the work of the erection of St. Patrick's Cathedral, for vcuich, at the present time, funds are urgently ueedecL Messrs. Thompson Moor,; and Sou will sell, on Thursday at tho bpeueer-streot station a large quantity of sairaire and unclaimed £ock5s. John Kerr apologises for the remarks he made aboaf: Mr. J. B. Harris, Messrs, Alvtunuy-? nn,d Co.nimounco snitsat 50s. 