THE FAT a. Li THREE ; A NOVEL, BOOK THIS SECOND. L£.CHES1S, OR THE BEGINNING OF DOOM. CaAPTER I. A WIFK A5D KO WIFE. BY M. E. BSADDOIT. Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " VisoQ," " lahmael," " Like auu Unlike," &c.;, &c.; Mr. CaBteilam'a existence was one of those social problems about which the idle world loves to speculate. There are a good many people in London to whom the idea of a fourth dimension is not half so interesting aB the notion of a man who lives by bis wits, and yet contrives to get himself dressed by a gocd tailor, and to obtain a footing in some oi the best houses at the smart end of the tovin. Thie problem Crc=ar Casteliani had offered to the polite world of London for the laat three seasons. Who is Mr. CaBtellani, was a question still asked by a good many people who invited the entleman to their houses, and made much of , G_ is talents. He had not forced an entrance i into society; nobody bad ever denounced htm I as a pushing person. He had slid eo inai- 1 diouely into bis place in the social orbit that people had not yet left off wondering how he j came there, or who bad had been his bis sponsors. sponsors, I This kind of speculation always stimulates the invention of the clever people; and I these affected to know a good deal more about Mr. Castellani than he knew about himself, "He came witb magnificent credentials, and an account waB opened for bim at CouttseB before he arrived," said Magnus Dudley, the society poet, flinging back his long hair witb a lazy movement of the large I languid head. "Of course you know that he is a natural son of Cavour's ?" " Indeed—no—I never beard thai. He is not like Cavour." "Of course not, but he is the image of his mother—one of the handsomest women in Italy—a duchess, and daughter of a Roman nobleman who could trace biB descent in a clear line from the Imperial house. Castellani has tbe blood of Germanic in his veins." He lookB like it; but I have heard on pretty good authority that he is the son of a Neapolitan music maBter." "There are people who will tell you his father wheeled a barrow and sold penny ices in Wbitecbapel," retorted Magnus. "People will say anything." Thus and in much otherwise did society speculate; and in the meantime Mr. Caetel- L^T'ecircle"was I—;>„ alway^Me^'ag. „)„._»,„ — His*book had been jast audacious enough :— i—Jand just clever enough to make its mark. " Nepenthe" had been one of the successes of the season before last, and Mr. Castellani was henceforth to be known as the author of "Nepenthe." He had touched upon many things below the stars and some things beyon d them. He bad written of other worlds with the confidence of a man who had been there. He had written of women wi-h the air of a Cafe de Paris Solomon; and of men with the tone of a person who had never met one. A man who could write a successful book and could pl^y and sing divicely was a person to be cultivated in feminine society. Very few men cared to be intimate with Mr. Castellani, l ut among women his influence was indisputable. He treated them with a courtly deierence which chairme^ r.hem, and he made them his slaves. No atal despot ever ruled more completely than Caesar Castellani ; did i n he.lf a dczen of tho;e drawing-rooma j wijich gave the tone to scores of other crass ing-rooma between Mavfair and Earls j Court-. He contrived to he In request from j the dawn to the close of the London season, and he had n;ade a favour of going to Riverdale, and now, although it suited his purpose to be there, he made a favour of hia prolonged visit. "if it were not for the delight of being ] heie I should be in one of the ionelieac I valleys in the Tyrol," he told Mrs. I Hillersdon; "I have never stayed in England so long after the end of the" season. A wild longing to i^re&k; loose from the bonds of Philistisiam geneially, eeizes me at this time of year. I want to go away, and away, and ever aw*y fn.ni n;y fellow-men. I should like to go aud live in a tomb, like Oaida's Italian heroine. My thirst for solitude is almost a disease." This from a man who spent the greater part of his existence dawdling in drawingrooms and boudoirs sounded paradoxical; but paradoxes are accepted graciously from r=an who has written the book of the season, cuiBt Jtiillersden treated CaBtellani like a atocrii*. r At his bidding she brought Out the old guitar which had slumbered in its care foi nearly a decade, and sang the old Spanish songs, and struck the strings with the old dashing sweep of the taper hand and : graceful curve of the rounded arm. j "When you sing I could believe you any age you like to call yourself," said Castellani, lolling along the sofa beside the low chair in which she was sitting;" I cease even to envy the men who knew you when you were a girl." " My dear CaaUllani, I feel old enough to be your grandmother; unless you are really the person 1 sometimes take you for" "Who is that?'' j " The Wandering Jew." "No matter what my cre&d; or where I . have wandered, since I aia eo happy as to find a haven here. Granted that; 1 can re- j member Nero's beautiful Empress, and FJIUStina, aud a'.l that proccssion of fair women j who illuminate the dark ages—and Mary of Scotland, and Emma Hamilton, blonde and , brunette, pathctic and espiegle, every type ! and every variety. It is enough for cie to j find perfection here." s "If" Jyou only knew how sick I am of that j hind of noneense," said Mrs, Hiliersdou, I smiling at him half in amusement, half ia , bitterness, "Oh, I know that you have drunk the wine 1 of praiEe " and * worship to satiety. Yet " if you and I had lived upon the same plane I would bave taught you that among a hundred adorers one could love you better than all tbe rest. But it is toe late. Our souls may meet and touch perhaps in a new incarnation." " Do you talk this kind of nonsense to Mr3, Greswold—or her niece ?" "No; with them I am r 1 ! duisc.-s and propriety. There is nothing simpatica in either of them. Mies Rznaome is a frank, gocd-natured girl—much too frank—with all the faulta of her species, I find the average girl al wayb detestable." " MiBS Ransome has about fifteen hundred a year. I suppose you know that ?" " Has she really ? If ever I marry I hope to do better than that," answered Giaar with delightful insolence. " She would be a very nice match for a country parson; that Mr. Rollinson, for instance, who is getting up the concert." " Then M iss Ransome is not your attraction at Enderby. 1: is Airs. Greswold who draws yen." " Wby should I be drawn?" he asked with h,s ia E |,? ld there f""* , l ? sheer ldlenees. They like to hear me play or sing; f he J f P°] ? e and P"" 8 " 3 J»e; aad it is nice to be fooled by two pretty women.' " Dces A5r Mrs. B - Greswold take am any parS in the fooling ? She looks like marble." "There is flame under that marble. Mrs. Greswold is romantically in love with her husband; but that ia a complaint which is not incurable." " He is not an agreeable man," said Louise, remembering bow long George Greswold and his wife had held themselves aloof from her. "And he does not look like a happy man." " He is not happy." "You know something about him—more than we all know ?" asked Louise, with keen curiosity, " Not much. I met him at Nice before he came into his property. He was not a very fortunate person at that time, and be doesn't care to be reminded of it now." " WaB he out at-c-lbows, in debt ?" " Neither. His troubles did not take that form. But I am not a gossip. Let the past be paet, as Goethe says. We can't change it; and it iB charity to forget it. If we are not sure about what we touch,' and hear, and see —or fancy we hear and touch and see—in the present, how much less can we be sure of any reality of external existence in the past. It is all done away with—vanished. How can we know that it ever was. A grave here and there is the only witness, and even the grave and the name on the headstone may be only a projection of our own consciousness. We are such stuff as dreams are made of." " That is a politely circuitous manner of refusing to tell me anything about Mr. Greswold wben—his name was RanBome. No matter. I shall find other people to tell me the scandal, I have no doubt. Your prevarication assures me that there was a scandal. 1 This was on the eve of the concert at Enderby, at about the same hour when George Greswold showed Mildred his first wife's portrait. Castellani and his hostess were alone together in the lady's morningroom, while HilierBton and his other guests were in the billiard-room on the opposite side of a broad corridor. Mis. Hillersson had a way of turning over her visitors to her husbend when they bored her. Gusts of noise [and laughter came across the corridor now and-again, as they p'-ayed pooL There were times when Louise was too tired to enduie the burden of commor society. She liked to dream over She liked to talk with a clever young like Castellani. His flatteries amused . ard brought back a faint flavour of youth, * ! dim remernberance of the day when all inca i bad praised her, when she had koown hcrs^ If i sccure in the pre-sminence of her chirav, without a rival. Now other women v,e: j } 3e 5 Q V f ? , l '/ 1 l d 0nl J a tra £ itioQ - b a t i o ' led b ? T - d , to 11 v « down her past, to make the woriaioiges tbat ehe had ever been Louise Lorraine; yet r-rre were moments in which ehe ftlt anu.y to tiud that old personality of hers so utterly forsotten, whea Bbe was tempted to cry oat, " What rubbish you talk about your .Mrs Kgremont, your Mrs, Linley Varden, y-.mr professional beauties, and fine lady actresses. Have you never heard of n :e—Louise Lorraine?" The drawing-rooms at Euderby Minor b.. 1 been BO transformed under Mr. Castellated superintendence, and with the htly of his own dexterous hands, that there was a unanimous expression of surprise from the county families as they entered that region of subdued UUCU light il^UV and Q[1U aesthetic .^Sliutuit draperies Uiaptllba between ugvnvcu 3 and half- past 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the concert. The Broadwood grand stood on a platform in frcnt of a large bay window, draped as no other hand could drape a piano, with dark Oriental curtains and Algerian fabrics, striped with gold, and against the sweeping folds of richest colour rose agronp of tall olden lilies out of a great yellow vase, one of flinton's chef d'ceuvnis More flowers were massed near the end of tbe piano, and a few of the most artistic chairs in the house were placed about for the performers. The platform, instead of being as other platforms, in a straight line across one side of the room, was placed diagonally, to as to present the more picturesque effect of an angle in tho background, an angle lighted with tall lamps and clusters of wax candles, a stage which looked j like a shrine. 1 All the windows had been darkened save : those in the further drawing-room, which ! opened into tbe garden, and even these were shaded by Spanish bo?ds, letting in coolness and the scent of flowers, but little daylight. Thus tbe only vivid light was on the platform. The auditorium was arranged with a certain artistic carelessness; the chairs in curved lines to accommodate the diagonal line of the platform, and this fact, in conjunction with the prettinees of the stage, put every one in good temper before the concert began. Tbe concert was as other concerts, clever amateur singing, deoent amateur playing, fine voices cultivated to a certain point, and stopping just short of perfect training. Cesar Castellani's thi-ee little songs—words by Heine—eetting by Schubert and Jensen— were tbe hit of the afternoon. There were few eyes that were unclouded by tears, even among those listeners to whom the words I were in an unknown language. Tbe pathos : ! was in the voice of the singer. j The duet waB performed witb amplomb, • and elicited an encore, on which Pamela and j Cabtellani sang the old-fashioned "Flow on, { thou shining river," which pleased elderly i people, moving them like a reminiscence of ! long vanished youth. Fan.titi'e heart beat furiously as she heard tia applause, and she curtsied herself off the platform in a whirl of delight. She felt that it was in her to be a great public singer—a second Patti—ii— if ehe could be taught and trained by Castellani. Her bead was fall of vague idess—a life devoted to music—three years' haid ttudy in Italy—a debut at La Scala—a world-wide renown a;hieved in a single nigbt. She even wondered how to Italianise her name. "Ransomioi? No::, it would hardly do. Pamelani—Pamelu:ii; What awkward names they were—Christian and snrname both." And thee, crimsoning at the mere thought, she saw herself announced in large letters— MADAME CASTBLLASI. How much easier to make a great name ia the operatic world with a husband to fight one's battles and get the better of managers. " With an income of one's own it ought to be easy to make one's way," thought Pamela, as she stood behind the long table in the dining-room, dispensing tea and coffee, with the assistance of maids and footmen. Her head was so full of these bewildering visions that sbe was a li tle less on the alert; than she ought to have been for shillings and , half-crowns, insomuch that a few elderiy j{ ladies got their tea and coffee for nothing, not being asKed ?Vr pavment, and preferring to j consider the entertainment gra: gratis. g^J Mildred's pa:t of the concert was pecformed to perfection—not a false note in au accompaniment, or a single fault in the tempo. Lady Millocrougb, a very difficult and exacting personage, declared she had never been i so well supported in'her chevcd de bcUail'. 1 the grand 6cena in " la Gazza Ladra." But j many among tbe audience remarked that they I had never seen Mrs. Greswold look so il-.; and both Mr. Rollinson and Mr. Castellani ' were seriously concerned about her, i " You are as white as marble," said the ' Italian. " 1 know you are suffering." I " I assure you it is nothing. 1 have not been feeling very well lately, and I had a [ sleepless night. There is nothing that need * give any one the slightest concern. You may ) be sore I shall not break down. I am very ! much interested in the painted window," she i added, with a faint smile. .... '• *' It is not for our concert that I feaT," said CaBtellani, in a lower voice, "It is of you— j and your tuffering I am thinking." j George Greswold did not appear at the \ cor cert. He was engaged elsewhere, "I cannoi think how* Uncle George all owed himself imnplf fit to hnirp have an nn snnntnfmonf appointment at*. Salisbury >!ql,.T,n-n this afternoon," said Pamela, " I .know he doatB on c.usic," I Perhaps he liwuurajimum doesn't doat upon uuoniiqcice it quite so ' well as to like io see his houee turned topBy- HIRRV turvy iike this," thin " said Lady I R.A„ Millborough, AT;III u j who would have seen every philanthropic Eckeme in the county collapse for want of funds rather than have allowed her own sacred drawing-room to be pulled about by J amateur scene-shifters, MI-B. Hillersdonand her party occupied A prominent position near the platform, but that lady was too clever to make herself con- „, placidly ignored those who still held themselves aloof from " that horrid woman." Nor did ehe in any way appropriate Castellani as i her special protege, wben the people round her were praising him. She took everything that happened with the repose which stamps the caBte of Yere de Vere, and whicb may often be found among women whom the Vere de Veres despise. ~ " ~ All was over; the lasi of the carriages had roiled away. Castellani had been carried off in Mrs. Hillersdon'e barouche, no one inviiiDg him to stay at the Manor House. Mr. Rollinecn lingered to repeat hia effusive thanks for Mis. Greswcld's help. t " It has been a glorious success," he exclaimed ; " glorious 1 Who would have thought there was so much amateur taleut available within 30 miles? And Castellani was a grand acquisition. We shall ctear our . £70 for the window. I don't know how I ' can ever thank you enough for giving us the use of your lovely rooms, Airs. Greewold, and for letting us pull them about as much as we liked." " That did not matter—much," Mildred eaid faiistly, as ehe stood on the threshold of the hall door in the evening light, the curate ! lingering to reiterate the assurance of hia gratitude. "Everything can be arranged again—easily." She was thinking, with a dull aching at her heart, that to her the uuliing about and dis- • arrangement of thoBe familiar rooms hardly mattered at all. They were her rooms no longer. Enderby waB never more to be ber j home. It had been ber happy home for' thirteen gracious years—years clouded with . but cne natural Borrow, in the loss of her j beloved father. And no>v that father's ghost rose up before her, a pale and awful figure, I and said, " The sins of the fathers shall be visited upon the children, and because of my j sin you must go forth from the home you love j and forsake the husband of your heart.". She gave the curate an icy-cold hand, and turned from him without another word. " Poor soul, she is dead beat," thought Mr. Rollinson, as he trndged home to his lodgings over a joiner and builder's shop, airy and comfortable rooms enough, but odorous with the ecent of sawdust, and noisy with the noise of carpenter's work. He could but think it odd tbat he had not been asked to stay and dine, as he would bave been in the ordinary course of events. I S d l S f i S ^ t r o t t W S I to k se y e°yiu M "- E * llillBOn ' the5 '" ^ ^ And now he had to go home to solitude and a fresh-killed chop. It was 7 o'clock, and George Greswold had not yet come home from Salisbury. Very few words had passed between h.m and his wife since she fell fainting at his feet laBt night. He had summoned her maid, and between them they had brought ber back to consciousness and half carried ber to her room. She would give no explanation of her fainting fit when the maid had left the room, and she was lying on ber bed, white and calm, with her husband sitting by ber Bide. She told him that she was tired, and that a sudden giddiness had come "upon w her. That vw was ... all „n he if„ could —u zJZ7ir_ get from u her, i e ._ . " If you will ask me no questions, and leave me quite alone, I will try to Bleep, ^o that I may be fit for my work in the concert tomorrow," sbe pl-judeJ. "I would not disappoint them for worlds." T don't think " „J . I abo4 them " eaid h Pr h„^n? r h^X, °, n8 • ThL i R mnJ vt b. tl " . bltt - er J y i I I here IB more, at «take than a painted 'I tell yiu everything—after the con cc r ' ; tc-morrc,ahe answered; "for Gods sa'^e leaye me to myself till then. " " Let it be ae you will." he answered, risicg suddenly, (fiended by her reticence. He left the room without another word. She sprang up from her bed directly he was goito, ti> Ihb dvnt ttnd locked it, and then flurg herself on her kneee upon the prie-dieu chair at the foot of a large carved ivory crucifix which hung in a deep recess beside the old-fashioned fireplace. Here Bhe knelt, at interval?, in tears and prayer half thiongh the night. At ctk.„r tiires the walked up and down the room absorbed in thought, by the dim light of th9 i-ight lamp. Wben the morning light came she went to a bookcase in a little closet of a room opening cut oi the spacious old bedroom, a case containing only devotional books—and of these she took out volume after volume—" Taylor's Rule TI of Conscience," VUlinVIBUM., "Hooker's UWWUV. u Religious Polity," Butler, Paley— one after another, turning over the leaves, looking through tbe indexes—searching for something which she seemed nnable to find anywhere. " What need have I to see what others bave thought," she said to herself at last, after repeated failure, " he knows the right. I could have no better guide than his opinion, and he has spoken. What other law do 1 need. HIB law is the law of God." Notcnce did her eyes close in sleep all through tbat night, or in the sunny morning honrs before brea&fast.; She made an excuse for breakfasting in her dressing-room, a large, airy apartment, half boudoir. She was told tbat Mr. Greswold had gone out early to see some horees at Salisbury, and would not be back till dinner-time. He was to be met at the station at half-past 7. She bad her morning to herself to do what she liked with it. Pamela was rehearsing her part in tbe dnet, and in "Flow on thon shining river," which was to be sung should there be an encore. That occupation, and the arrangement of her toilet, occupied the young lady till luncheon—allowing for halfhourJy rushes about tbe lawn and shrubberies with Box, whose health required activity, and whose eocial disposition insisted upon companionship. "He can't get on with only Eassandra. She hasn't intellect enough for bim," said Pamela. It was only ten minutes before the arrival of the performers that Mrs. GreBwoId went downstairs, pale aB ashes, but ready for the , i < ordeal. She had put on a whits gown with a little scarlet ribbon about it, lest black should make her pallor too conspicuous. And now it was nearly 7 o'clock, and sbe was alone. The Curate had been right in pronouncing ber dead beat, but sbe had some j work before ber yet. She bad been writing | letters in the morning. Two of these she ' now placed on the mantelDiece in ber bedj room; one addressed to ber husband, the i other to Pamela, I She had a bag packed—not one of those formidable dressing bags which weigh fifteen j to twenty pounds—but a light Russia leather • bag, just large enough to contain the essen- 1 tials of the toilet She put on a neat little black bor.net, and a travelling cloak, aud took ber bag and umbrella, and went down to . the hall. She had given orders that the ! carriage should call for her before going to j the station, and she was at the door ready to step into it when it came round. " Put me down at Ivy Cottage, Brown," shr : aid to the coachman, and was driven off UBv.<n by the household, who were all indulging in a prolonged talk and tea drinking after tbe excitement of the concert. Ivy Cottage was within five minutes' walk of Romsey Station, a little red cottage, newly built, with three or four ivy plants languishing upon a slack-baked brick wall, and just enongh garden for the proverbial cat to disport himself at bis ease—tbe Bwiaging of cats being no longer an English sport. Tl:ere was nothing strange in Mrs. Greswold alighting at Ivy Cottage—nnleES it were the hour of her visit—for the small brick box was occupied by two maiden ladies of small meanE—one a confirmed invalid, the other ber constant and patient nurse, whom the lady of Enderby Manor often visited, and in whom sbe was known to be warmly interested. Brown, the coachman, concluded that his mistress was going to speed a quarter of an hour with the two old ladies, while he went on and waited for his master at the station, and that he waB to call for her on her return. He did not even ask for her orders npon this point, taking the thing for granted. He waB ten minutes too soon at the station, as every well- conducted coachman ought to .e, be, lest, by leaving no margin for accidents, j ! ' f i he should be tco late. "I'm to call for my mistress, Bir," he said, as Mr. Greswold stepped into the brougham. " Where ?" " At Ivy Cottage, sir—Miss Fisher's." " "Very good." The brougham pulled up at Ivy Cottage, and the grcom got down and knocked a resounding peal upon the Qaeen Anne knocker. .Barely possible nowadays to find a knocker that is not after the style of Q leen Anne, or 1 a newly built twenty-hve pound a year cot isge in any part of England tbat does not cti'tr a faint reminiscence of Bedford Park, j The groom made bis enquiry of the etartled l little maid-of-all-work, 14 years old last birth- 1 day, and already aspiring to better herself as a vegetable mud in a nobleman's family. 1 Greswold bad notbeen at Ivy Cottage • that evening. George Greswold was oat of tbe brougham by this time, hearing the girl's answer. • " Stop where you are," he said to the coachman, and ran back to the station, an evil augury in his mind. He went to the up-platform, the platform at which he had alighted ten minutes before. "Did you see Mrs. Greswold bere just nowf he asked the stationmaster with as natural an air~as he could command, " Yes, sir. She got into the up train, sir— the train by which you came. She came out of tbe waiting-room, sir, the minute after He walked up and down the length of the platform two or three times in the thickeningdusk. Yes. he had missed her. She tod left bim. Such a departure could mean only eeverance—some deep wound which it might „ - take long to heal. It would all oome right by-and-by. There could be no such thing as parting between man and wife who loved each other as they loved—who were incapable o f I a ] 8ehood or wrong, W hat was this jealous fancy that had taken pessession of her, this unappeasable jealousy of the dead past—a passion so strong that it had prompted her to rush away from him in this clandestine fashion, to torture him by all the evidences of an inconsolable grief. His heart was heavy as despair itself aa he went back to the carriage, helpless to do anything except go to his deserted home, and eee if any explanation awaited him there. it was hah- past 8 when the carriage drove up to Manor House, Pamela ran out into the ball to receive him. " How late you are, uncle," she cried, "and I can't find aunt. Everything is at sixes and sevens. The concert was a prodigious success —and—only think—/ was encored." j " Indeed, dear ?" | " Yes, my duet with him; and then we ! sang the other. They wonld have liked a i third, only we pretended not to understand. ! It would have made all the others so fearfully savage if we had taken it." This speech was not particularly lucid, but it might have been clearer and yet unin- | telligible to George Greswold. ! " Do you mind eating your dinner alone to- 1 night, my dear Pamela? ' he said, trying to speak cheerily. " Your aunt is out—and I— I have some letters to write, and I lunched heavily at Salisbury." , His heavy luncheon had consisted of a biscuit and a glass of bitter ale at the station. His important business had heen a long ramble on Salisbury Plain alone with his own troubled thoughts. The horses were purely imaginary. | " Did your miBtresB leave any message for me ?" he asked the butler. j " No, sir. Nobody saw my mistress go out. ] When Louisa went up to dress her for dinner she was gone, sir—but Louisa said there was a letter for yon on the bedroom mantelpiece, , Shall I send for it, sir?" | " No, no—I will go myself. Serve dinner at once. Miss Ransome will dine alone." J George Greswold went to the bedroom— j that fine old room, the real Queen Anne room, wlthlhick waifs dYep^^^^ W T ^ ' and richly-moulded wainscote, and massive i panelied doors amidBt which it is a privilege to exist—a spacious, sober, old room, with old Dutch furniture, of the pre-Chippendale ; i Dresden; a glorious old room, solemn and mysterious as a Church in the dim light of two wax candles which Louisa the maid had lighted on the mantelpiece. There, between the candles, appeared the two letters. "George Greswold, Esq." "Miss Ransome." The husband's letter was a thick one, and the style of the penmanship showed bow the P n h o ad r hnr » ed olo ?& dr i ven ^ th ° electric forces of excitement and despair. — - w " My beloved, BJS "-1 "You asked me last night if the photograph which you showed me had anything to do with my fainting fit. It had everything to do witb it. Tbat photograph is a portrait of my unhappy sister, my cruelly-used, unactnowledged sister;'and I, who have been I»«t wite fourteen years, know now that our Carriage was against the law of God and man " ver been legally yoar wife— from the first has been an ~ for that unlawful marriaga has been laid upon us heavily—heavily—in chastisement, and the darling of our hearts has been taken from us "'Whom He loveth He chaeteneth.' Ho has cbastened us, George—perhapB to draw us nearer to Him. We were too happy, it may be, in this temporal life—too mu:h ; absorbed by our own happiness, living in 'a charmed circle of love and "ladaeBSi till tha*- pwfal chMtiscneat came, There IB but one course possible to me, my dear and honoured husband, and that course lies in life-lone separation. I am running away from my dear home like a criminal, because I am not strong enongh to etandface to face with you and tell you what nrXist be. We must do our best to live out our lives asunder, George—we must never meet again as wedded lovers—Buch as we have been for fourteen years. Gad knows my affection for you has grown and strengthened with every year of union ; and yet it seems to me on looking back that my heart went out to you in all the fulness of an infinite love when first we stood, band clasped in band, beside the river. If yon ore angry with me, George—if yoa harden your heart against me becanse I do that which I know to be my duty, at least believe that I never loved you better than in this bitter hour of parting. I epeLt last night in prayer and thought. If there were any way of escape—any poeeibility of living my own old happy life with a clear conscience, I think God would bave shown It to me in answer' to my prayers; bat there wae no ray of light, no gleam of hope. Conscience answers sternly and plainly. By tbe law of God I have never been your wife, and His law commands me to break an unhallowed tie, although my heart may break with it. "Do you remember your argument^with Mr. Cancellor? 1 never saw you so viib^ment in any eucb dispute, and you took the side which I can but think the side of. the Evil One. That conversation now seens to me like a strange foreshadowing of sorrow—a lesson meant for my gutdanoe. Little did Z then think that this question could ever have any bearing on my own Ufe; but I recall every word now, and I remember bow earnestly my old master spoke—hnw fearlessly he held to the right. Can I doubt hia wisdom, from whose lips I first learnt the Christian law, and in whom I first saw the Christian life. " I have written to Pamela begging ber to stay witb you, to take my place in the household , and to be to you as an adopted daughter. May God be merciful to UB both in this heavy trial, George, Be sure he will deal with ua mercifully if we do our duty according to the light tbat is given to us. | "I shall stay to- night in Queen Anne's gate with Mrs. Tomkinson. Please send Louise . to me to- morrow with luggage for a long j absence Irom home. She will know what to ! bring. You can tell her that I am going abroad for my health. My Intention is to go to some small " —- watering-place •— in France " or Germany, where I can vegetate, away from all beaten tracks, and from the people who know us. You may rely npon me to bear my own burden, and to seek sympathy and consolation from no earthly comforter. "Do not follow me, George—should your heart urge yon to do so. Respect my Bofemn resolution, tbe result of many prayers.—Your ever loving MILDRED." 