THE FATAL TB.REE; A NOVEL, CHAPTER XL THE BEGINNING OF DOUBT. BY M. E. BEADDOST. Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " Vixen," " Ishmael," "Lite aud Unlike,"<sc., <tc. Enderby Church clock struck 6. They heard every chime, slow and clear in the summer air, as they sat in the broad shadow of the cedar, silent all three. It Beemed as if the striking of the clock were the breaking of a spell "So late I" exclaimed Castellani, in a cheery voice; " and L promised MtB. Hilleradon to be back in time to drive to Bomsey for the evening service. The old Abbey Church of Homsey, she tells me, is a thing to dream about, Tbere is no 8 o'clock dinner at Riverdale on Sundays. Every one goes to Church somewhere, and we sup at half-past 9, and after supper there is sometimes extempore prayer—and sometimes there are charades or dumb crambo. Cat .seton When the Prince was there they had dumb crambo. Good-by. I am almost ashamed to aBk if I may ever came again, after having burdened you for each an unconscionable time." He had the easiest air possible, and Beemed totally unconscious of any embarrassment caused hy his allosions to the past; and yet in both faces, as he looked from one to the other, he must have seen the strongest indications of trouble. Mrs. Greswold murmured something to the effect that she wonld be glad to see him at any time, a speech obviously conventional and unmeaning. Mr. Greswold rose hastily and accompanied him to the hall door, where the cart still waited for him, the groom fixed as & statue of despondency. Mr. Castellani was inclined to be loquacious to the last. Greswold was brief almost to incivility. He stood watching the light cart roll away,-and then went slowly back to the garden and to his seat nnder the cedar. He seated himself there in silence, looking eainet-tly at bis wife, whose drooping head and fixed attitude told of deepest thonght. So they sat for some minutes in dead silence, Kassandra licking her master's pendant hand, as he leaned forward with his elbow on his knee, infinitely sorry for him. Mildred was the firet to break that silencp. " George, why did you not tell me," she began in a low falterintc voice, " that I was : | not your first wife? What reason could tbere be for concealment between you acd me? I so trusted you. I so loved you. Nothing you could have told would have changed me." "Dearest, there was one reason, and a j powerful one," answered 'George Greswold firmly, meeting the appealing look of her eyes with a clear and steady gaze. " My first marriage is a sad remembrance for me, full of trouble. I did not care to tell you that miserable story, to call a dreaded ghost | out of the grave of the past. My first marriage was the one great sorrow of my life, but | it was only an episode in my life. It left me j as lonely as it found me. Tbere are very few who know anything about it. I am ' sorry that young man should have come here to trouble us with his unnecessary reminiscences, For my oaro part, I cannot | remember having ever seen his face before." " I am sorry you should have kept such a secret from me," said Mildred. " It would bave bet n to much wiser to have been candid. Do you tbiuk I should not have respected j your ttd remembrances? You hid only to say to me ' Such things were, but let us not tblk cf them ?' It would have been more | manly—it would have been kinder to me." " Say that I vas a covard, if you like—that I am still a coward, where those memories ate concerned," said Greswold. j The look of agony in bis face melted her in ' a moment. She threw herself oh her knees beside his chair, she and the dog fawning upon him together, "Forgive me, forgive me, dearest," Bhe pleaded, " I will never speak to you of this again. Women are so jealous—of the past most, of all." "Is tbat all," be said; "God knows yoa have little need. Let us say no more, Mildred. The past is past, neither you nor I can alter it. Memory is inexorable. God himself cannot change it." " I will contrive that Mr. Castellani shall not come here again, George, if you object to see bim." " Pray drn't trouble yourself. I would not have tuch a worm suppose that he could be obnoxious to me." "Tell me what you think of him," she asked, in a lighter tone, atxions to bring back the easy mood of every-day life. " He seems veiy clever, and he is rather handecme." " What do I think of the trumpet aBh on the verandah yonder? A beautiful parasite, which will hold on any where in tbe snnshine. Mr. Castellani is of the same family I take it —studies his own interests first, and chooses his friends afterwards. He will do admirab'y fcr Riverdale." "" He plavs divinely. His touch transformed .'my tiia.ro." " He looks the kind of man who would play the piano," said Greswold, with ineffable contempt, looking down at his own sunburnt hands, hardened by exposure to all weather;, broadened by handling gun and punt-pole, and by half a dozen other forms of out-door exercise. " However, I have no objection to bim, if he serves to amuse you and Pamela." He spoke with a kind of weary indifference, as of a man who eared for very little in life; and then he rose slowly, took up his stick, and stt oiled off to the shrubbery. Pamela appeared on the following afternoon with boxes, bags, mutic-books. raquets, and parasols, in a proportion which gave promise of a long visit. She bad asked as a ttemendous favour to be allowed to bring Box—otherwise Fi'.z Box—her fox terrier, son of Sir Henry Monntford's Box, great grand ton of Broke nhorst Joe, by tbat distinguished animal's daughter, Xiyndhurst Jessie, and on the father's side a lineal descendant cf Mr. Murcnison's CracknelL " 1 hope you won't mind very much," she wrote; " but it would be death to him if I ; were to leave him behind. To begin with his brother Filz Cox, who has a villainous ; temptr, would inevitably kill him; and 1 besides that he would pine to death at not sleeping in my room at night, which be has done ever since he was a puppy. If yoa will let me bring him, I will answer for his good manners, and that he shall not be a tronble to any one." ' The descendant of Brokenhurst Joe rushed out into the garden, and made a lightning circnit of lawn and shrubberies, while his young mistress was kissing her Aunt Mildred, as she called her uncle's wife in the fulness of her affection. " It is so very good of you to bave me, and , I am so delighted i< she said. Mildred wonld have much preferred that she were anywhere else, yet could not help feeling kindly to her. She was a frank, bright-looking girl, with brown eyes, and almost flaxen bair, a piquant contrast, for the hair was genuine, and carried out in the eyebrows, which were only just a shade darker. Her complexion was fair to transparency, and she had just enough soft roay bloom to light up the delicate skin. Her coBe was slightly retroitssg, her mouth wa a little wider than she herself approved, but her teeth were perfection. She had a charming figure of the plump order, but its plumpness was a distress to her. "Don't you think I get horribly stout?" she asked Mildied, when she was sitting at tea in the garden presently. *' Yon may be a little stouter than you were at sixteen, perhaps, but not at all too stout." " Ob, but I am. I know it. I feel it. Don't endeavour to spare my feelings, Aunt. It is nselets. I know I am fat. Hosalind says I onght to marry; but I tell her it's atanrd. How can anybody ever care for me now I am fat ? They wonld only want my money if they asked me to marry them," concluded Pamela, clinging to the plural. " My dear Pamela, do yon want ma to tell yon tbat yon are charming and all that yoa ought to be ?" asked Mildred, laughing. " Ob, no, no, I don't want yon to SDaTe my feelingB. Everybody spares one's feelings. One grows np in ignorance of tbe horrors in one's appearance becanse people will spare one's feelings. And then one sees oneself in a strange glass—or a boy in the street says something, and one knows the worst. I tbink I know the worst about myself. That is one comfort. How lovely it is here," said Pamela, with a sudden change of mood, glancing at Mildred with a little pathetic look, as she remembered the childish figure tbat was missing, must be for ever missing ftom that home picture. " I am so glad to be with yon," she murmured Boftly, nestling np to Mildred's side, aB tbey eat together on a rustic bench; "let me be useful to you, let me be a companion to jou, if you can." "Yon shall be both, dear." " How good to say that. And yon won't mind Box?" " Not the least. If he will be amiable to Kassandra." " He will. He has been brought np amonz other dogs. We are a very doggy family at the Hall. Would you think he was worth a hundred and fifty guineas?" asked Pamela with ill-concealed pride, as the scion of illustrious progenitors came up and put his long, lean head in her hand, and conversed with ber in a seties of expressive snortB, as it were a conversational code. " I hardly know what constitutes perfection in a fox terrier." " No more do I; bnt I know he u perfect, He is said to be the image of Cracknel, only better. I tremble when I think that my poBEeeBion of him hangs by a thread. He might be stolen at any moment." " Yon aiuet be careful." "Yes, I cannot be too careful. Here comes ijncle George," uaid Pamela, rising and running to meet Mr. Greswold. " Oh, Uncle George, how altered you are!" She was always Baying the wrong thing, after the manner of impulsive girls; and she was quick-witted enough to discover her mistake tbe instant after. Happily the dogs furnished a ready diversion. She introduced Box, and expatiated npon hiB grand Qualities, she admired and made friends with fiassandra, and then settled down almost as lightly as a butterfly. in spite of her plumpness, on a Japanese stool, to take her teacupfrom Mildred's hands. | She was perfectly at her ease by ' this time, and told her uncle and aunt all about her sister Hosalind and Rosa lind's husband, Sir Henry Mountford, whom she snmmed up lightly as a nice old thing, and no end of fun. It was easy to „ divine , from her discourse . „ _ that EUinham , , Hall was not an especially intellectual atmo- | sphere, not a school of advanced thought, or j of any other kind of thought. Pamela?* talk | was of tenniB, yachting, fishing, and ahootin?, I and of the people who shared in those sports. ' She seemed to belong to a world in which nobody ever sat down except to eat, or atayed indoors except tinder stress of weather. "I hear you have all mannier of clever people in your neighbourhood," she said by and by, having tola all she had to tell aboa« Bainbam. . . "Have we?" asked Greswold, smiling at her intensity. , Yes, at Riverdale. They do say the j author bor of 'Nepenthe' is staying there—aud f that he is not a Roman Cardinal—or an English statesman—but almost a young mau —an Italian by birth—and very handsome. I would give worlds to see him." It is not^ unlikely you may be gratified witbont giving anything," answered her ! uncle. "Mr, Castellani was here yesterday J afternoon, and threatened to repeat his • ,, . Tr , . - ? "Castellani! Yes, that is the name I • heard. What a pretty name ! And what is j be like? Do tell me all about him. Aunt ] Mildred." j _ She tnrned to the woman as the more likely to give her a graphic description. The average man is an nndescribing aninlal. Mildred made an effort at self-command i before she spoke. Castellani counted for but . little in her recent trouble. His revelation j had been an accident, and its effect entirely dissociated from him. Yet the very thonght of the man troubled her, and the dread of seeing him again waB like a physical pain. "1 do not know what to say about his appearance," she answered presently, slowly fanning herself with a great scar let Japanese fan, pale and cool looking ia her plain white gown with its black ribbona, The very picture of domestic peace, one would suppose, judging by externals only. " I suppose there are people who wouH think him handsome," "Don't you, Aunt V " No. I don't like the colour of his eyes or of his hair. They are of^that reddish brown which the Venetian painters are so fond of, but sthich always give me an idea of falsehood and treachery. Mr. Castellani ia a very clever man. but he is not a man whom I could ever trust." " How nice," cried ., Pamela, - her face radiant , ; with enthusiasm; a creature with red- ( brown bair, and eyes with a depth of false- ; hoed in them. That is just; the kind of mati 1 who mtsht be the autnor of Nepenthe. IE s jou bad told me he wa3 et.nit ana rosy .; cheeked, with pepper-ani-salt whiskers .and 1 a lite, benevolent head, 1 would never have j opened his book again." _ lj " Yon seem to admire this ' Nepenthe' prodigiously," said her uncle, looking at her with a calmly critical air. " Is it beemse tha book is the fashion, or from yonr own unassisted appreciation of it ? I did not think you were a bookish person." " I'm not," cried Pamela, " I am a mass of ignorance. I don't know anything absufc science. I don't know the name of a single butterfly. I don't know one toadstool from another. But when I love a book it is a : passion with me. My Heats has tumbled to I pieces. My Shelley is disgracefully dirty. I { have readNepenthe' six times, and I am :: waiting for the cheap edition, to keep it under my pillow. It has made me an Agnostic. '• 1 ! " Do you know the dictionary meaning of < that word ?'' ! " I don't think I do. but I know I am an Agnostic. 'Nepenthe' has unsettled all my ji old beliefs. If I had read it four years ago L . ; shonld have refused to be confirmed. I ain dying to know the author." j " You like unbelievers, then ?" i IjiIi " I adore men who dare to doubt, who are j sot afraid to stand apart from tneir fello *' f men." I " On a bad eminence ?" i " YeB, on a bid eminence. What a. sweet sxpression. I can never understand Goethe's * Gietchen.'" "Why not?" I " How could she have cared for * Faust,' when she had the privilege of knowing Me- .: phietopbeles ?" • Pamela Racsome had established herself , in her pretty bedroom and dressing-room, > and had supervised her maid while sbe onpacked and arranged alt her belongings before dinner time. She came down to the ; drawing-room at a quarter to 8 as thoroughly at her ease as if she liad lived half her life at ' Enderby Manor. Sbe was the kind of visitor who gives no trouble, and who drops into the light place instinctively. Mildred Greswold ft It cheered by her presence in spite of that bitter and ever recurrent pang of memory which brought back that ether image of the sweet girl child who should have grown to womanhood under tbat roof, and who was lying a little way eff, nnder tbe ripening berries of the monntain ash, and in the deep shadow of a century-old yew. Tbey were very quiet in the drawing-room after dinner, Gieswold reading in a nook apart, by the light of his o.vn particular lamp; his wife bending over an embroideryframe in her corner near the piano, where she had her own special dwarf htok-case, and her work-basket, and the bonheur du jour, at which she sometimes wrote letters, her own little table scattered with old- family miniatures by Angelica Kaufmann, Cosway, and Ross—and antique watches in enamelled cases, and boxes of porctliin aud gold and silver, every one of which had its associations and its history. Every woman who lives much at home has some such corner, where the very amosphere is full of home thoughts. She asked.her niece to play, and to^go on playing as long as she liked; and Pamela pleased with the touch of tbe fine csncert grand, rang the changes npon Chopin, Schumann, Raff, and Brahm, choosing those co ^positions which lea6t jarred npon the atmosphere of studious repose. Mildred's needle moved slowly, as she sat in her low chair, with her hands in the lamp light and her face in shadow, moved very slowly, and then stopped altogether, and tha -white hands lay idle in her lap, and the embroidery frame, with its half-finished group of szalias, slid from ber knee to the ground. She was thinking—thinking of that one snbject which had possessed her thoughts since yesterday afternoon; which had keDt ber awake through the brief darkness of the summer night, and in the slow bouts betwixt dawn and the entrance of the maid with the early cup of tea which marked tbe beginning of the daily routine. In all those hours her thoughts had revolved round that one theme with an intolerable recurrence. It was of her husband's first marriage Bhe thonght, and oi his motive for silence about that marriage—that he who in the whole course of their wedded lives had been the very scirit of single-minded candour should yet bave suppressed this all-important event in bis past biBtory was a fact in itself so staitling and mysterious that it might well s i : l : . i ( be the foens of a wife's troubled thoughts. He couldinot so have acted without some all-sufficient reason; and what manner of reason could that have been which had influenced bim to conduct so entirely at variance with his own character ? " I know that he is truthful, high-minded, the soul of honour," she told herself, " and yet there is a tacit falsehood in suoh a course as he has taken which seems hardly compatible with honour." What was there in the history of that marriage which bad sealed his lips, which made it horrible to him to speak about it, even when fair dealing with the girl who was to be his wife should have constrained frankness? Had he been cursed with a wicked wife— some beautiful creature who had caught his heart in ber toils aB a cat catches a bird, and bad won him only to betray and to dishonour him? Had she blighted hia life, branded him with the shame of a forsaken huBband ? And then a hideous dread floated acrosB her mind. What if that first wife were still living—divorced from him. Had she, Mildred Fansset, severely trained in the strictest principles of the Anglican Church—taught her creed by an ascetic who deemed divorce unchristian and an abomination, and who had always refused to many those who had been divorced—bad she, in whose life and mind religion and duty were as one feeling and one principle, had sbe been trapped into a union with a man whose wife yet lived, and in the sight of God was yet one with him —a wife who might crawl penitent to his feet some day, and claim bim as her own again by tbe right of tears and prayers and a soul cleansed from sin ? Such a sinner must have some hold, some claim even to the last npon the man who once was her husband, who once swore to cherish her and cleave to ber—of whom it had once been said, "And they two shall be one flesh." No, again and again no. She could not believe George Greswold capable of such deep i dishonour as to have concealed the existence of a divorced wife, Kb, the reason for that mysterious silence must be another reason than this. Khe had sinned against him it might be, and had died in her sin, nnder circumstances too sad to be told without infinite pain; and he, who had never in her experience shown himself wanting in moral courage, had in this one crisis of his life acted as the coward acts. He had kept silence where conscience should have constrained him to speak. And then the wife's vivid fancy conjnred up the image of that other wife. Jealous love for the huBband depicted that wife of past vears as a being to be loved and rememfared nntil death; beautiful, fascinating, Rifted —=*•- with all the qualities •««-- that *- charm man- i kind, the superior of the second wife. That poor, jealous heart ached with a sick longing to know the worst. " He can never care for me aB he once cared for her," Mildied told herself. " She was his first love." His first; the first revelation of what love means to the passionate heart of youth. What a world there is in that. Mildred remembered how a new life began for her with the awakening of her love for George Greswold. What a stiange, Bweet enchantment. what an intoxicating gladness which changed aud glorified the whole face of natnre. Tbe nver, and the reedy islets, and the pollard willows, and the autumn sunset—things so simple and familiar bad all taken new oolonrs in that magical dawn of her first love. She—that unknown woman—bad been George Greswola'e first love. Mildred envied her that brief life, whose sole distinction was to have been loved by him. "Why do I imagine a mystery about her, she argued, - after long brooding. ""Theonly 1 secret was that he had loved her as he oould never love me, and he feaied to tell me as much lest I should refuse the remnant of a heart. It was ont of kindness to me that he kept silence. It wonld have pained me too much to know how she had been loved." She knew that her husband was a man of exceeding sensitiveness; she knew him capable of almost womanlike delicacy,intense fear of wounding other people's feelings, Was it altogether unnatural that such a man should have held back the history ot his first marriage, with its passionate love, Its heart- ! broken ending, from the enthusiastic girl who had given bim all her heart, and to whom he could give so little in return 1 " He may have seen how I adored him. and may have married me half out of pity," sho said to herself finally, with unspeakable bitterness. Yet if this were so could they hare been so happy together, so completely united—save in tbat one -secret of the past, that one dark regret which bad revealed itself from time to time in an sgonising dream. He had walked that dark labyrinth of Bleep alone with hia sorrow: there she could not follow bim. Sbe remembered the awful sound of those brcken sentences—spoken to shadows in a land of shadow. She remembered how acutely she had felt his remoteness as he sat up in bed, pale as death, his eyes open and fixed, his lips muttering. He and the dead were fsce to face in the halls of the past. She had ro part in his life or ia his memory. CHAPTER XII. " SHS CA^TSOT BE "DXWOBTHY." Mr. Castellani did not wait long before he availed himself of Mrs. Grcswold's permis- 6i ott to repeat his visit. He appeared on Friday afternoon, at the orthodox hour of half-past 3, when Mildred and her niece were sitting in the drawing-room, exhausted by a lone mornicg at Salisbuiy, where they had explored the Cathedral, and lunched iu tbe Close with a clever friend of George Greswold's, who had made his mark on modern , literature. I adore SaiUbury Close," Eaid Pamela, as sbe looked throe gh the old-fashioned window to the old-fashioned garden, " it reminds me of flocoria." Sbe did not deem it necessary to explain what Henotia she meant, presutning a universal acquaintance with Coventry Patmore's gentle heroine. Tfcemorning bad been sultry, the homeward drive long-, and both ladies were resting in comfortable silence, each with a book, when Mr. Castellani was announced. Mildred received him rather stilly, trying ber uttermost to seem thoroughly at eas;, She introduced bim to her niece, Miss Rtn- Eome. "The daughter of the late Mr. Gilbert Ransome and the sister of Lady Mountford? " Castellani enquired presently, when Pamela had run out on the lawn to speak to Box, "Yts. You seem to know everybody's belongings." " Why not? It is the duty of every man of tbe world, more especially of a foreigner. I know Mr. Ransome's plice in the Sussex Weald—a very fine property, and I know that tbe two iadiea are co- heiresses, but that tbe Sussex Estate fs to descend to the eldest son -cf the elder daughter, or failing male issue there; to the son of the younger. Lady Mountford has a baby son, I believe." j " Yonr infermation is altogether correct." "Why should it be otherwise? Mr. Hillersdon and his wife discussed the family history to day at Inncheon, apropos to Miss Ransome's appearance in Ramsey Church at tbe Saints' Day service yesterday/' His frankness apologized for his impertiseoce, aod be was a foreigner, which seems i always to excuse a great deal, i Pamela came back again, after resetting Box i from a rough-and- tumble game with Kas- ] Bandra. She looked rosy and breathless and ) ,-sery pretty, in her pale-blue gown and girlish sash flying in the wind, and flaxen hair fluffed into a feathery pile on the top of her head, and honest brown eyes. She resumed her seat in the deep old window behind the end of the piano, and made belief to go on with some work, which she took in a tangled heap from a very untidy basket. Already , Pamela had set the sign of her presence npon . tbe drawing-rooms at Enderby, a trail of ' various litter wbich was a part of her indi- I viduality. Screened by tha piano, she was ; able to observe Castellani, as he stood leaning ; ever the large central ottoman, with his knee ion the cushioned seat, talking to Mrs. Greswold. He was tbe author of "Nepenthe." It was in tbat character he interested her. She looked at him with the thonght of his book ' full in her mind. It was one of,those half mad, wholly artificial compositions which delight gitls and young men, and which are iust clever enough, a&d; bave just enough originality to get talked about and written about by the cultured few. It was a lovn story, ending tragically—a story of ruined lives and broken heartB, told in the autobiographical form; with a careful disregard of all conventional ornament, which gave an air of reality where all was inherently false. Pamela thought it muBt be Castellani's own story. She fancied she conld see the traceB of those heart-breaking experiences, those crushing disappointments, in his countenance, in his bearing even, and in tbe tones of his voice, which gave an impression of mental fatigue, as of a man worn out by a fatal passion. The story of "Nepenthe" was as old as the hilis—or at least as old as the Boulevard des Capucines and the Palais Royal. It was the story cf a virtuous young man's love for an unvirtnons woman—tbe story of Demetrius and Lamia —the story of a man's demoralization nnder the influence of incarnate falsehood, of the gradual lapse from good to evil, the gradual extinction of every belief and every scruple, the final destruction of a soul. The wicked syren was taken, her victim was left; but left to expiate that miserable infatuation bjr an after-life of musing; left without a joy in the present or a hope in the future. j " He lookB like it," thonght Pamela, remembering that final chapter. i Mrs. Greswold was putting a few slow stitches into the azalea leaves on her embroidery frame, and listening to Mr. Castel- lani with an air of polite indifference. _ I " Do you know that Riverdale is quite the most delighted house 1 have ever stayed in?" . he said ; " and I have stayed in a great many. : And do you know that Mrs. Hillersdon is heart- broken at your never having called 1 upon her f " I am sorry so small a matter should touch Mrs. Hillersdon's heart." "She feels it intensely. She told me so yesterday. Perfeat candour is one of the charms ot her character. She is as emotional and as transparent as a child. Why have yon not called on her " You forget that Riverdale is 7 miles from this house?" '* Does not yonr charity extend so far ? Are people who live 7 miles off beyond the pale? i think yon must visit a little farther afield , that 7 miles. There most be some other reason." "There is another reason, which I had rather not talk abont." "I understand. Yon consider Mra, Hillersdon a person not to be visited. Long ago, when yon were a child in the nursery, Mrs. Hillersdon was an undisciplined, unexperienced girl, and the world used her hardly, , Is that old history _ never to be forgotten? Men, who know i* all, have agreed to forget it—why shou.d women, who only know a fragment, so obstinately remember ?" i "I know nothicg and remember nothing ' about Mrs. Hillersdon. My friends are for the most part those of my husband's choice, and I pay no visits without bis approval. He ' does not wish me to visit at Riverdale. Yoa have forced me to give a plain answer, Mr. Castellani." i [ " Why not ? Plain truth is always best I am sorry Mr. Greswoldhas interdicted_my cbarmins friend. Yon can _ have no idea how excellent a woman she is, or how admirable a wife. Tom Hillersdon might have searched the county from border to border and not have found as good a woman—looked at as the woman best calculated to make him happy. And what delightful people she has brought abont him. One of the most interesting men I ever met arrived yesterday, . and is to preach the Hospital sermon at Romsey next Sunday. He is an old friend of yours." "A clergyman, and an old friend of mine,' at Riverdale." "A man of ascetic life and extraordinary culture. I never beard any man talk of Dante better than he talked to me last night in a moonlight stroll on the terrace, while tha other men were in the smoking-room." "Surely you tio not mean Sir. Canoellor«' the Vicar of St. Elizabeth's. Parchmentstreet?" ' "That is thp man. Clement Cancellor. ' "Vicar of St Elizabeth's. He looks like a mediaeval monk, just stepped out of one oE , Perrugini's altar pieces. 9 "He is the noblest, most unselfish of men ; he has given his life to doing good among rich andpoor. It is so long since I have seen . : him. We have asked him to Enderby very often, bnt he has always been too bnsyta come. And to think that he should be coming to this neighbourhood and I know nothing about it; and to think that heshoulct. go to Riverdale rather than come here." "He had hardly any option. It was Mrs- Hillersdon who asked him to preach on Hospital Sunday. She extorted a promise from him three months ago in London. Tha - Vicar of Romsey was enchanted. * You! are the cleverest woman I know,' he said. one else could have got me such a gfb'at gun.'" "A great gun—Mr. Cancellor a great gun- I can only think of him as I knew him when X was 12 years old, a tall, thin young man in a very shabby coat—he was curate at St. Elizabeth's then—very gaunt and fiollbwcheeked, bnt with such a sweet smile. Es need to come twice a week to teach me the hiitory of the Bible and tbe Church," Hs made me love both." " He is gaunt and hollow- cheekedatill, very, tall and bony and sallow, and he still weara a shabby coat. You will not find mnch difference in him, I fancy—only so many more years of hard work and eelf-sacrifice, ascetic living and nightly study. A man to know Dante as he does must have given years of his life to that one poet—and I atn told that in literature Cancellor is an allround man. His monograph on Pascal is said to be the beet of a brilliant series of each studies." " I hope he will come to see his old pupil before he leaves tbe neighbourhood." " He means to do so. He was talking of it yesterday evening—asking Mrs. Hillersdon if sbe nas intimate with you—so awkward., for poor Mrs. Hillersdon." "I shall be very glad to see him again," said Mildred gentry. " May I drive him over to tea to-morrow afternoon?" " He will be welcome here at any time." "Or with any one? If Mrs. Hillersdon were to bring him, would you still refoee to receive her ? " I have never refused to receive her. W© have met and talked to each other on publio occasions. If Mr. Cancellor likea her she cannot be unworthy." __" May she come with him to- morrow ?"' persisted Castellani. "If she likes," faltered Mildred, wondering that any woman oould so force an entrance to another woman's house. She did not know that it was by such entrances Mrs. Hillersdon had made her way in society, nntil half the best houses ia London had been opened to her. " If you are not in a hurry to leave us, I know my niece would much like to hear yoa play," she said, feeling that the talk atout Riverdale had been dull work for Pamela. Miss Racsome murmured assent. 4 ' If you will play something of Beethoven's," she entreated. " Do yon object to Mozart ?" he asked, forgetting his depreciation cf the valetmusician's son a few days before. I feel more in the humosr for that prhtci of dramatists, I will e.ive you ths euppsr in * Don Giovanni.' You shall see Leporello trembling. You shall hear tbe tramp of chostly feet" And then, improvising npon a familiar theme, he gave his own version of that wonderful scene,'and that music so played conjured np a picture as vivid as ever play house furnished to an enthralled audience, Pamela listened in silent rapture. IVhtt a God-gifted creature this was. who hal so deeply moved her by his pen, who mo'ed her even more intensely by that magical touch upon tbe piano. When he had played those last crushing chords which consigned the profligate to his doom, he waited for a miunte or so, and then softly, as if almost unawares, in mere absentminded idleness, bis hands wandered into tbe staccato accompaniment of the serenade, and with the finest tenor Mildred had beard sines she beard Sims Reves he sang those delicate and dainty phrases with which the seducer ! | j i j j wooes his last divinity. j He rose from the piano at the close of that lovely air, smiling at his hearers. "1 had no idea that you were a singer as well as a pianist," said Mildred. " Yoa forget that music is my native ! tongue. My father taught me to play before he taught me to read, and I knew harmony before I knew my alphabet. I was brought np in the house of a man who lived only for music—to whom all stringed instruments were as his mother tongue. It was by a • caprice that he made me play the piano* which he rarely touched himself." " He muBt have been a great genius," said Pamela with girlish fervonr. " Alas! no, he just missed greatness, and he just mifsed genius. He was a highly gifted man—various—capricious—volatile— aod he married a woman with just enough money to ruin him. Bad he been obliged to earn his bread be might have been great.. Who can say? Hunger Is the flavedriver with his whip of steel, who peoples tha' Valhalla of nations. If Homer had not been a beggar—as well as blind—we might-have bad no * Tale of Troy.' Good by, Mrs. Greswold. Good-by," shaking hands with' Pamela. "I may bring my hostess tomorrow." "I — I — suppose so," Mildred answered feebly, wondering what her husband wonld-' tbink of Bncb an invasion. Yet, if Clement Cancellor, who, to Mil-' dred's mind, bad seemed ever the ideal Priest of ChriBt, if he could tolerate and consort with her, could she, Mildred Greswold, persist in tbe Pharisee's part, and hold herself aloof from tbiB neighbour, to whose good. works and kindly disposition many voiceshad testified? 