THE TURF. METROPOLITAN SUMMER MEETING. (Bv Touchstone.) The recent meeting of the W.A.T.C. may fairly lay claim to be one of the most interest ing which has ever taken place on the \- Metropolitan course. It brought out a number of horses which have never before been seen at Perth, and several which have navor nrnwl before in this eolonv. several of the races were well contested, and in some the time was'exeeedingly good for the weights under which they were won. The Maiden brought out Harridan, Aspramonte, Skimmer, and Balera. Of these, Balera had run at York, where he had been left behind from the start. But there was a possibility that his failure there was due to want of condition, and, as he stripped a remarkably handsome, well-bred horse, it was difficult to believe that he had not a show for the race in which he was engaged. We constantly see horses who are left hopelessly behind come out the next year in such completely different form that they win in quite as good company as. that in which they were beaten. We have an instance of this in Sir Walter, who ran so badly the first year he came out that the next year no Uilc nulLlU WV/& cull Jiuiij auu jcu uv events in which he took part without difficulty, and Baleras looks were, with some blemishes, so much in his favor that b e was notwithout .friends He was, however, another of the many proofs that before trial " looks " are everything, and and after it nothing. He showed himself quite unable to get along. In the Maiden, as subsequently in the Hurdle Race, he either could not or would not gallop. And yet one would think that there was something in his private running to justify an expectation of his being somewhere near the front, or he would not have been brought to the post. Aspramonte, who is no more of a mare than she ought to have been as a three-year old, had to carry four year old weights, and was but little fancied. Skimmer, a cocktail from Newcastle, looked a very fine colt, galloped in pretty good style, and bad every appearance of strength. But there could be no mistake about his want of breeding. He gave promise of improvement, but very little of winning the race in which he was engaged. Harridan could not but strike everyone who knew any thing about a race horse as a remarkably fine mare, and she was at once made tbe favorite" in spite of her running at the Bay, and her defeat at even weights by Urella. As the result showed, she was a long way superior to the company in which she ran. As a five year old, and possibly as a four year old, she may be expected to turn out a fine performer. In the Town Plate, Telephone showed that he wanted nothing but good form to easily dis pose of Agitation, and that, the latter only beat him at the Bay because he was not near ly fit. The mare showed herself possessed of much greater pace than she was credited with by tbe Southerners, as the race was run in grand time, and she was close up at the finish, but she was not a match for the young horse over a two mile course under weights for age, Urella, under the same conditions, showed herself able to both gallop and stay. She ran well all the way, and was only beaten in the last hundred yards. But, like Agitation, she wants that turn of speed which does so mnch at the finish. She is always ready to make an effort when called on, and willmake itmorethan once in a race, hut she cannot put on much extra speed. The Railway Stakes elicited a surprise in Nimrod, a little roan chesnut by Lowlander out of r Gulnare, a mare who ran some years ago in the colors of Lord Gilford. Nimrod stands about 15. hands high, and looks little more than a pony. But he is compactly and powerfully built and almost without a defect, with the one exception of want of height and lengtb. He was, however, known to be very fast and had a fair number of friends. Hermit, who was in at fist. 131b., was, however, the favorite, while Lowlander came next, Skimmer, who had ran in the Maiden, being last in public estimation, The event showed that tbe roan was even faster than was supposed, doing the mile and a quarter under 2m. 19secs„ even though he started fully three seconds after the flag fell, which would have made his time 2m. lfisecs., time, which under fist. 71b., was very good for a three year old. He had scarcely been sufficiently long in training for him to be " perfection" as regarded "form," but he was brought out in a way to do credit to his train ers, Ogborne and McArdle. Hermit in this, as in every race he has ran on the Perth course, except one, failed his backers at the finish. Looking all a winner from the start to a quarter of a mile from home, he was no sooner collared than be was beaten. Low lander. who a few weeks ago was the favorite, seemed to have lost a good deal of his vigor, probably in consequence of not having time to get up his strength after the strangles. He was certainly not himself, and after losing the Railway Stakes was scratched for the other events for which he was entered. It is quite possible that this fine colt may at the next Perth meeting turn the tables on the roan, and beat bim, as he did wben the two first met in the Autumn. Three Corners, a son of Rosf- b'ery and Camelia, the dam of Satyr, either could not or would not gallop. He is a horse who, if make goes for anything, ought to have an extraordinary turn of speed. He was laughed at because be had hind legs like those of a "kangaroo dog," and he is strongly and well made throughout. But he has a vile temper like his sire, and either because he was out of humor, or because he had not got out of his hobble-de-hoy days, or for some inexplicable reason, he could notbe got along. Some day, perhaps, he may astonish everyone by coming in first in a fast race as his' sire once did after having been the laughing stock of the course, and called the " rocking horse." But he will have to win before anyone will put any faith in him. The Nursery Stakes brought out only two — a half- bred colt called Melton, pretty well grown but wanting in speed, and a fine- looking youngster named Gunpowder, who had only the evening before been landed from one of the intercolonial steamers, and was stiff with standing in one place for the ten days the voyage lasted. The latter, notwithstanding the disadvantage at which he stood in consequence of his being kept so long in one posture, won as he pleased. The smallness of the field showed clearly that this two year old stakes was established too soon. In another year it will be well patronised, nor could there be a greater mis take than to give it up because it has failed to attract a field the first year. This time next year, there will probably be a consider able number of entries for this very desirable r ce. The Perth Cup exci'ed particular interest. Up to the time of starting, and even rj 7 i afterwards the race seemed an exceedingly open one. Duration, Baron Neckar, Sinbad. anderen Metal and Urella were well backed on the Totalizator. The only horse possessing a ghost of a chance, who was without favor, WSv -%eePhone, who was so completely eclipsed by his grand stable companion that hardly anyone thought of him. Mr. Towton rakes very little secret of the relative merits of his horses, and the knowledge that Duration could beat the young horse with weights up in the private gallops between the two cans :d everyone to jump to the conclusion that, if the race went to the stable at all, it would go to Duration. The injury to the hoofs of the latter on the Geraldton course and the more than possibility of his going lame on the still harder coarse of Perth went for nothing, and the race was generally regarded as lying between Duration, Baron Neckar and Sinbad, Metal and Uralla for dangerous outsiders. As it turned out Duration got lame descending the hill by the Ferry, and the first horse past the post was Baron Neckar, with Telephone, notwithstanding his previous two mile race in fast time under 9st., second. Subsequently Mr. Turbull's horse was disqualified and Telephone was declared the winner. The decision arrived at by the Stewards was loudly inveighed against by those who were backing the Baron, bnt when not only Mr Towton, who was riding Duration, but two favorably known 1 i Irn T .nnrl dp onr' Maloney, declared positively that the Baron's jockey crossed Duration within the two lengths, required by the rules of of the Club, and the Baron s jockey himself could not say that he was the required distance from Duration when he crossed, the Stewards had no other alterna tive but to act as they did. When a cross occurs, whether intentionally or unintentionally, it is a thing always to be regretted, .and it is particularly to be regretted that the present mis chance should occur to a spirited sportsman like Mr. Turnbull on his first acquaintance with the Perth eonrsc. But there can be no doubt, in the face of the evidence, that a cross took place and that Mr. Towton was perfectly justified in pro testing, and the stewards justified in sustaining the protest. As regards the relative powers of Baron Neckar and Telephone, the latter was beaten by at least two lengths. But then he only had a short time before ran a race, which in any other country would be regarded as quite enough for one day, and which must have told on him to the' extent of several seconds. At the same time, Baron Neckar is a beautifully made horse, and, for bis size, a marvellous per former. A good many people say he has an ugly head, and for this or some other reason call him ugly. YouFcorrespondent seeing liim being walked about without knowing who he was observed "That is a beautifully made horse." But then your correspondent did not pay par ticular attention to the Baron's head, being of opinion that just as a good horse is of any color so a good horse may have any kind of head. Metal, on the other hand, is, in your corresoond- ent's opinion, anything but a handsome horse hll i. IIP 7C of frt n re fin/I Tine? ob/Mnx « I'AVTUgj C&l;&U; AJ-.IO OIUSWU UlULSCIi, UU, occasion to be possessed of a fine turn of speed, and. must, therefore, always be regarded as dangerous. On the second day, the West Australian Derby again brought out Harridan and Urella, and gave Nimrod an opportunity of testing his power against the imported three- year-olds. But 8st. 51b. over a mile and a half is a different thing from 6st. 71b. over a mile and a quarter, and he was beaten by both of his larger opponents. Harridan in this race showed her ability to stay a mile and a half under 8st. 5lb., the highest weight of a three year old, and clearly proved her superiority for that distance over her old rival, who succeeded in beating her at Bunbury. The Ladies' Purse was a very hollow affair ; Metal having been withdrawn for the Queen's, there being nothing opposed to Telephone but Hermit, who might as j well not have started. The Queen's, before j starting, was given by general consent to Duration. It was generally known that this horse's feet 'were in a very tender condition and that he was going to keep on the training circle considerably outside the other horses, in ; order that he might have the advantage of the soft ground. Still, as it was a weight for age race, and it was held that he could give at least 2st. to the best of his opponents, he was made the favorite. Agitation was next in favor, and then Sinbad, and Metal. To the surprise of most people the race fell to 'Metal. The defeat of the.f a vorite Was attributed by nearly every one to his rider strictly obeying orders, and letting Metal get an advantage at the last turn, and obtain a lead at a pomt where it. was too late for rhim to be caught. This view was supported by the time in which, according to the official time-keeper, the race was run, name ly, 5m. 59secs. But at least four time-keepers on the course made the time 5m..49secs., and, if this was the true time, then the extra distance travelled by Mr. Towton's horse, which meant a loss of probably not less than lOsecs. was quite sufficient of itself to account for Metal winning. Of course, it may be possible that the favorite weuld have won had he not lost ground at the last corner, but the time in which he had been doing the previous part of the race would account for his having' nothing to spare when he turned to come into the straight. As to what was the actual time there is no doubt that the time of the official time-keeper was taken, as he thought, correctly, bnt it is not at all impossible that in the midst of other duties he may 'have takeji 49sec. for 59sec., and it is certainly strange that four person having stop watches, and all desirous of getting the exact time, should concur at putting it at 5m. 49secs. If this jvas 'the true time, it'affords fresh proof of Duration being a grand horse, especially when it is considered that owing to a number ot unfortunate circumstances he was for a month before the race in anything but steady training. The third day of tbe races there is little to say more of than has been said already, the two principal eventB being won, the one by Agita tion, and the other by Duration, with consum mate ease. 