REGRETS OF A VETERAN TRAVELLER. (From The Tinus.) Thoso who remember Europe beforo tho Third Empire. and the great wars of tho last fîvu-and-thirty years, know how deeply the outward intercourse of nations has boon altered by all that hos happened since '48. Tho English- man who travelled then aid not fed himself aa in a mere time of truco in tho midst of a war of races. Tho French- man waa chatty, gay, outwardly courteous te all, and in- wardly full of bright viowa of himself and Iiis great nation. Tho German gavo h Impel f no airs, being perfectly happy if ho could save somo tinders by his superior information, and willing at all times to* impart to all ho met his inexhaustible stores of erudition and original views on things human and di Wno. Tho Italian waa not in it. Hut tho Italian or tho Ii matan, if wo met him, was tho cosiest and most versatile of travelling com- panions. Time was when travellers who supped at the Ramo tublo could talk quito naturally to each other in any language that served best, when Englishmen dfd not stara at their countrymen, much as under graduates stare nt " nn out- college man ; " when Frenchmen and Germans dis- cussed th« beau ti os of tho Rhine, and when it was not an impertinence to address to a stranger a remark about the weather. All that is over. Wars, annexations, revolu- tions, roco jealousies, railways, circular tours, Harry nnd Betsy Jone, havo made an end of that. "Wc contort with, thoso of our own nation only, and with much hes! tat iou and doubt even with thom. Germans, Frenchmen, English, Kussiano, or Italians tako their pleasure sadly in foreign parts, and in strict national lines. Thero aro English, German, and French resorts; English, G erinna, and French hotels in the samt place,* English, Gunnan, and French tables in tho same room. You muy neo English, German, and drench families pass ninny weehs together in tho sumo house, eat thrice a dnv at thc samo table, and sit fur hours in tho sane salons without over oichansring a chance word, lt is hardly in human nu turo to oxpect caso from a French- man. Sedan, Met/, Strasburg, und milliards aro eternally on bis soul ; revolutions, communes, proscriptions, and party animosities make him as silent with his own nntioa as with o tilers. Political causes havo led to a singular change. Tho average Frcncbmnn has lout hts manners, and with his manners his liveliness, his happy opinion of himself, and his flow of speech. Out of his own Bet or party ho is morose, taciturn, uneasy, and ill-bred. Hazard a few words about tho weather, und his second sentence will relate te tho fogs of London (of which ho has read in his pot feuilleton); nek him to poss you the mustard, and ho will inquire if ike favourite dish of tho English is still raw beef.' If a Gorman sits dowu at tho 6ame table, you uro almost glad to observo that the knives and forks abroad aro so blunt. In «hort, the French in nn conducts himself gonerally li ko a man who has boen declared a defaulter at his club. The consequence ÍB that tho Frenchman abroad is too often a JU el une ho ly, silent, uucompanion ablo man. The German abroad is almost as îeeerved ns the Frenchman ; but it is not, at any rate, from wounded pride. Ho is awaro that by many ho ls not loved, and he gently enjoys tho sensation. Ile is quite Büro that intellectually, materially, and artistically ho stands before nil the nations on earth, und, ns he knows that his claims aro beyond dispute, ho needs no proton- . ßions of his to assert then. Tho inexplicable verve of tho Frenchuifin, tho versatile energy of the Englishman, ure very well in their way, butas nntions they are both second rate. If they decline to associate with him on this under- standing, ho declines td associuto at all. The war with Franco, and the reconstitution of tho German social economy, havo produced a great chunga-in German society. The Gorman middle class is no longer poor, nnd not at all dis- posed to put up- with anything second best. It ÍB moro enterprising, moro lavish, more cultivated than tho corre- sponding class in Franco ; and, If not quito so numerous, or so wealthy, or so restless as that of England.it has far more real education, taste, and industry. Tho Germans, therefore. - with thoir nowly acquired wealth, their skill und general enterprise^ aro in noutral'countries Jika tho Alps almost tho rivals in travel of the English. Thoy spend nearly an much, they are almost as numerous, they havo everything almost as gocd, and they are far more really accomplished travellers. It must be admitted that their manners are not yet equal to their essential culture. Tho German of the higher class is poor, ho travels little, and ho does not form tho manners. of the mercantile and professional clans. The middle-class Englishman, whoso horror is tho knife to eat with, the spittoon in the salon, and sundry eccentricities of habit ouu dress, is to« often disposed to under-' value his German fellow-traveller, though in knowledge, culture, and just self-respect tho German is much his suporior. Now, tho middle-class German is far too «cuto not to feol that, in refinement of manner and person, both he and she have still euniething to learn, but os members of tho nation which leads thc van of European civilisation, ho and she aro far. too proud to acknowledge it. On tho other hand, the Englishman of tho middle class, who is apt to take the conventional habita of his own aristocracy _ for real good breeding, very much exaggerates such superiority in refine- ment aa he "may happen to possess with respect to hts German neighbour. Wealth, power, knowledge of all sort» tho German knows that ho has. Ho is not at all dis- posed to be snubbed by living mau or woman, nor in any placo or way will ho now be relegated to tho second clues. The Englishman, too often has silly schoolboy prejudices about what ho calls " Continental habits," sometimes things perfectly innocent and natural in themselves. Very properly, Continentals decline to recognise tho schoolboy standard of mannen, and the general codo of what "is, and what is not, "swagger." Hence comes it that travelling is very much lees sociable and cheerful than it was. Germans, French, and English practically hold no intercourse. The Frenchman's tongue is tied; tho Gernaan no longer instructs us with his vast erudition nnd complacent affability; tho Englishman na longer comports himself ns if overyono were glad to meet him, and ns if it were overyono*s duty to answer his ques- tions and supply his wents. Frenchmen, Germans, and English live side by side in tho same house, walk tn the same paths, loungo in tho som« verandah, and. sit round tho same £re ns though utterly unconscious or . tho presence of each other, without betraying by a word, look, or gosturo that they observe 'fellow-creatures around them. When wo travel now wo all put "invisiblo caps" in our bags, cape which make, not U3 invisiblo to others, but all our fellow travellers invisible to us. At any rate, all persons of differ- ent nationality are not in focus nt all. "We walk, talk, eat, and drink an if they wero mero Bnnquo's ghosts, invisible to tho company generally. A British peer at a racecourse ceuld not seem moro absolutely unconscious of the presence of his fol lew-beings. Tho Italian used to bo, if ono mot him out of Italy, tho princo of travelling companions. He was usually a'very superior typo of his nation, and his urbanity, groco, and sweetness of temper wero a constant .consolation »nd charm. Tho better speci- mens of Italian gentlemen ore still, perhaps, the .most agreeablo of tho European races. But one may have too much of a good thing, and tho hordes of Italian middle class who now pour across tho Alps are not always beautiful or good. Tho great Alpine railway tun- nels nave opened a now world to tho untravelled millions of, Northern Italy. >«o people in Eurone havo felt tho open- ? ing mero certainly, as none aro so closo to it ; and week. after week the mídalo classes of M il au, Genoa, Turin, Lom- bardy, and Piedmont pour across tho Alpino passes and through tho tunnel* by ten? of thousands. The districU bordering on tho groat Alpino railways are now tho main haunta of Italian vilUggiaturv, and the neighbourhood of Lucerno and tit. Uothard is an Italian summer colony. It could hardly ho expected that^ wit» such a vast increase in numbers, Italy could maintain the high standard of tho Italian traveller of old. Italianusimo as I always profess myself, I confess that I am a little tried by tho vacuous garrulity of thoßo Milaneso burghers, their tabto for colour in ocstumo. now, alua ! descended to the lovel of thoso of a Jamaica negress, and tho vapid insouciance of man, wocaan, and child. As on tho deck of tho Lucerno steamboats, amid scenes perhaps tho most exquisite and sublime in Europe, I listen to the eternal grasshopper chirrup of "these bulbous, plain, black-eyed signorine, perpetually sucking caramels and Jozonges, with their oleaginous mamma, a bundle of Ill-afcsortcd chiffon*, their ¿beso papa with a big bad cigar in his blackened teeth, and tho faineant young men with gewgaw jewellery, vile tobacco, and almost every accessory of a tourist, except! books, information, enthusiasm, and interest, I confess I wonder if tho ''Administration of Italian Kailways " have really benefited their countrymen by organising "no les» than 51 circular tours." But these Milaneso and Turineee happy famlHos, If they carry little out of tho Alps either ia mind or body, do no more harm than the grasshoppers; and ono can only trust that hero and there in their crowds there yet lingers tho charming Italian fellow-traveller of ouï youth, with far finer manner than the Frenchman, far more grace than the German, and far moro repose than the Englishman, who was not without enthusiasm, knowledge, and energy, nil infused with a certain sympathetic sweet- ness which was his own peculiar noto. Fat's MALTBD COCOA.-" An ordinary cup of Fry's If aired Cooee condina more of the active properties of malt than a pint of tn*, best ale or porter."-Lancet. Ot all grocers and chenuVu^ ADVT.1 , Tin* numerous medical testimonials and ucreaslng use, after ftO years* trill, of Codbury's Cocoa ta sent« proclaim Its exoelltnce aa article of ¿let.-{ADVT.] 