Getting Rid of a Ghost. In one of the Mailand counties is a fine old and rathei eelebi ited hi-toiical m insion, with towers, turrets, and mullionod windows But, nias for all ita. attractn e beauty '-it possesses the one terrible drawback w ith which so many of the grand old mansions aie uuluekily afflicted-it has its ghost, and its haunted looms, which no servant will entei alone, e\ on in bro id daylight, nnd in which no one e\ er-or very rarely-sleeps AVith the usual pro- voking irregularity which belongs to the whole I tribe of disembodied spirits, the ghost was known to " walk" at the most inconvenient moments, always appearing when not wanted, and corefully disappointing every party of valiant ghost-hunters whenever they mustered up courage enough for the watch. The ghost always appealed in the attire of a meduoval monk-brown habit and cowl, rope girdle, sandals-md carried a parchment îoll m one hand About two years ago it happened that tho mansion was full of visitois, and among the last to arrive was a well-known canon, celebrated foi his unflagging spirits and sparkling wit. But oveiy room w as occupied He waB far too great a favourite to be refused AYhat was to be done ? Happy thought-the haunted chamber, the canon, as a good priest, would, of course, have no fear of ghosts, and, besides, ho would know nothing of the ghost, as this was his first visit. In this, however, the ' good host was mistaken, for the witty canon had often heard the story and knew all about it Accordingly he was committed to the haunted chamber. On the following morn ing, at breakfast no one appeared with a brighter or happier face, or seemed fuller of high spirits and exuberant fun. "It is quite clear," thought the host, greatly relieved, "he has not been disturbed in any way." The next morning, and the next he still came down among the early ones with the same light-heaited aspect which only those who have enjoyed sound sleep and peaceful dreams can wear. The host's anxiety at length could stand it no longer, and he congratulated his visitor on the soundness of his rest and the quietude of his nights. But the witty canon, seeing his opportunity, suddenly assuming a very grave mien, informed his host that his first night, at any late, had been neither quiet nor undis- turbed. A sudden pause and a dead silence followed as the canon proceeded to describe how, while he waa lying awake, he was aware of the presence in the room of a tall figure, which carno up to the bed. He observed that the figure was habited as a monk, and carried a parchment roll, with which it appeared to point. The canon ended by dwelling on its ghastly colour and glaring, horrible eyes, as they shone forth beneath the dark cowl. A dozen anxious questions at once poured in upon the speaker-"What did you do ?" " Did you address it ?" " Did he speak to you ?" " How did you get rid of him ?" " How ?" replied the witty canon. " Why, very easily ! I asked him to subscribe to my schools and school-treat. He vanished immediately ; and I need hardly add he has never honoured me with another visit." 