LADY DAMER. 'Your little child has been born here in a strange town, where no human being knows us; no one has taltken the least notice of us except Dr. West, and he will never speak of Jt. There is nothing to connect Mrs. Maxwell, of the Mill Farm, with Florence Charteris, the admired and popular belie. I do not see how it is possible for it ever to be known.' 'Thanks to you,' said the younger sister. You mnust do your part, Floy; there ,Imust be no pining away, no despondency. You owe me a debt; you must pay it by doing your best to undo all this wretched past, and make your way in the world. You must pay it by preserving your secret for your name's sake and our honour's sake. Will you try, Florence?' The fair young face was raised timidly to hers. 'I had not thought of this, Hope; my only belief was, that from the day you first learned my-my unfortunate secret, life would end for me. I have never thought of saving myfair. name or living after this. I felt so sure to die.' 'I can well imagine that, but now it is all over. No one knows anything about it; the little one is dead;- when once we leave Riversmead we shall never return. I say it is quite possible for you to take your place in the world again, as though nothing had happened.' ', ;.r' Do you think so?' was the thoughtful reply. 'Do you believe, sister, that such a secret, can be kept ?' 'Yes,' said Hope, 'such secrets are kept, mnost unfortunately every day.' :: ,'I am nervous and superstitious. It seems to me, however faithfully we keep it, that sooner or later it must all be made known.' 'It will not, it cannot, Floy. If we had servants or gossips about us, it might; Dr. West will never speak of it; this woman this Mrs. Leybourne-knows nothing of us; besides, she is going to America soon. Life holds this chance for you yet, Floy ::keep your secret and it will never be known; follow my plan, go home with me, and meet all our friends as though nothing had happened, then, in the years to come, you will forget it yourself; and, if you have done wrong, God will forgive you.' Florence Charteris raised her eyes to her sister's face. 'Hope,' she said, ' do you not think it would be better and wiser for me to bear now the consequences of my fault ?" 'No; a thousand times no,' was the hasty reply. 'Suppose we hide it now,' she whis pered, 'and then in the future, that you think so much of, if it comes to light, I should kill myself-Hope, I should not live through the shame.' 'It cannot come to light, I have taken ..every precaution, Floy, believe me, it will never be known.' S':Of course, if my poor little baby had :lived, I should not try to keep it secret, for. I would have had him with me, should Sthe whole world have abandoned me for it. I would have worked for him and lived for him; now he is dead, nothing ' 'mat'ters.' ,Hope's face grew white as she listened .to the words. ;?'.,Now he is dead,' she resumed, impati eistly, 'there is no need, for saying any thing about it.' And the proud woman, in the depths of her heart, thanked Heaven that she had . decided as she had done: that Florence knew nothing of the living child, who would have been a terrible obstacle to, all her plans. * 'I may rest assured, then, Floy, that you'willbe your own bright self again; that you will do your best. to second 'my efforts for your worldly advancement, and ' thit when once we have left this" terrible . place it shall never be meritioned between us again--it shall.be a dead letter, a blank page. And again Florence Charteris looked i,.dotibtfully in her sisters's fade. .I A,.Can earth hide a secret, do you think, Hope? I fanicied the very trees would whisperit, the birds tell it in their song, the waves shout of it, the wind moan over it. Sister, has there ever been a secret 'kedpt?'"Men have done murder in the 'dark-unseen, they thought-and long years afterwards, when the habit of tran ::;quillity had gained upon them, their secret has been emblazoned in red letters 'both on earth and sky.' 'Not in every case; earth does hold its secrets, secrets that are never revealed.' '"Ihave read, too, of women who .have S.bui!t up a fair superstructure on sin- who have taken an honourable name, held high .positions, laughing to think how safe 'their secret was, or thanking Heaven in Sshuddering dread that from all shame and disgrace before their fellow-men they were -spared. Suddenly, a mine has sprung beneath their feet, and the world has laughed to remember that it ever called them good. Such a fate might be mine, Hope.' 'Never,' said the elder sister. 'Your secret is known to so few. I would stake my life on Dr. West's fidelity and silence, 'I can equally answer for my own; Mrs.: Leybourne is going to America; who could betray you, Floy, even if they would ?' , 'I do not know. I shall be afraid even of the rustling of the leaves, and the :; whispering of the wind. I shall see a '.'probabie accuser in every stranger I meet.' ",:.,"''That is a nervous feeling that will pass , away as you grow stronger. I shall never : 'voluntarily renew the subject after this mnoiriing, but I shall consider you bound o. ,;to me in all honour, Floy, to grow bloom ing and beautiful again, to second me in all that I do for your welfare.' The beautiful lips murmured an assent, S:the beautiful eyes wandered over the trees, and there came to neither sister a warning of the future in which the secret they be lieved so safely buried would start from the ground and confront them, beating down the fair structure raised by the pride of one, and the beauty of the other. No warning; the summer skies smiled . on, the green trees waved in the wind, the " flowers bloomed, and the birds sang. No Swarning; they believed earth would hold a . secret, and rested in that belief. ' *" CIIAPTER vI. Six weeks afterwards the two sisters bade adieu to the Mill Farm. They would have remained longer, but Mrs. Leybourne was "iimpatient to stairt. The furniture and stock of the farm were to be sold, and then she was to'set sail to rejoin her son, who was prospering in the New World as he had never done in the old. 'So much the better,' thought Hope Charteris, to herself. ' When she has left England, I shall know that we have no thing to fear.' Dr. West called sometimes in his capa city of friend. When he came to say fare well, Florence had gone out, walking slowly for the fist time throuhg the fragrant clover meadows that surrounded the farm, 'You have not told her yet that her child is living ?' he said to Miss Charteris. ' Not yet,' she replied. 'I am waiting until she is stronger both in body and in numind.' ' What arrangements have you made for thle little one ?' ' Mrs. Elster will take charge of it for the next few months. I thought of taking my sister to the sea-side. I shall send what I consider a very ample and handsome allowance for the child. 'And then,' said the doctor. ' Then,' she continued, half iinpatiently, I when my sister has quite recovered, and I have broken the 1intelligence to her, I shall make some fresh arrangements. Perhaps take the child and nurse to live with us.' 'I trust yos,' he said. 'You have shown yourself such a devoted sister-so calm, so sensible, so brave- that I am sure you are utterly incap.able of wronging a little and most helpless child.' 'Certainly I am,' she replied. 'I pray God to do to me as I act to him. I-He shall want for nothing that either love or affection can give him. And now, doctor, that you have heardmy solemn promise, I wants yours.' She looked at him very..anxiously, her face growing pale, and Iher eyes dim. 'I want you to pledge me your word as a gentlemnan and a Christian, that my sister's secret shall never pass your lips.' 'Professional men never reveal such things; there would be an end of all confidence if they did so.' 'That is not enough for me,' she replied, ' I want more than professional secrecy. As I told you before, doctor, we come of a good old race, and sooner than my poor young sister should have to encounter the frowns of the world, the scorn of women, the pity of men, the con demnation of all; sooner than she,- young and sensitive, should suffer all that, I would take her atway where human eyes should never rest upon her more. I have thought over everything, I have tried to realise every possibility, and I have come to this conclusion : ihat if you promise to keep our secret it can never be revealed.' He shook his head doubtfully. 'I have never known such a secret kep3, Miss Charteris,' he said; 'horwever, I will do my part.' ' Give me your solemn promise,' she said, impatiently. 'I give it you as solemnly as I know how. I promise you before God, never, unless at the request of yourself or your sister, to mention one word of what has happened.' 'Now I shall be at peace,' she said, with a great sigh of relief. 'There remains yet one more difficulty; will you tell me how I am to thank you? I tremble when I think of what would have happened had we fallen into other hands than yours. Our debt of gratitude is one that can never, never be paid.' At the same time she placed in his liand a folded slip of paper. He opened it, and found a cheque for an amount that made him open his eyes in sheer wonder. .' I cannot take this, Miss Charteris,' he said; but she laughed, and told him he had done for them what money could never repay. ' I may see Miss Florence,' he said, ' to wish her good-bye ?' 'Yes, and remember, doctor, that al though she has not trusted in me yet, I am sure she is married. I shall never believe differently. She was too Pir6id and too good to have lost herself.' . S'I think it very probable myself,' said: the doctor, as indeedhe did . All he saw of Iis lovely young patient convinced him that she was one of tihe last in the world to do wrong for wrong's sake. 'She may have been duped, deluded, deceived, tricked, but she has never willingly and wilfully courted dishonour,' the doctor had said to himself more than once; .' that I will swear.' At that very moment she entered the Sroom, looking so delicately lovely that good Dr. West could not help starting. She blushed, thenturned very pale, 'I am to say good-bye, and I am heartily pleased to find that you-can do without me,' he said.'. '.You have been very good to me,' she replied; .'so:good that I shall never be able to thank you.' I:did not know the world' held-good kind: ien like you.' A thousand words rose from his heart to his lips,.but he iuttered none of them; he longed to warn her, to put her on her guard, to advise her to trust her sister, and yet, like many others who feel ,deeply, he had not the power of uttering one syllable, So they shook hands, bidding each other farewell in mute silence, looked at each other. - Who shall say whether -in life those two ever met and looked at each other again ? . ' I. have your address,' said Dr. West to Miss Charteris; '59, Clyde Terrace, Hyde Park. I shall hope to hear you have reached home in safety.'" 'I shali not fail to write,' replied Miss Charteris, and,thei they parted. 'Hope,' said Florence, you have not kept your word; ydu:have not shown me my baby's grave.' ' SNot this. time,'. replied her sister, quickly; ' you are not strong enough to bear emotion. Some day, perhaps, we niay riturn, and then you shall see it. Be guided bytne, Floy?. " The next morning theyleft Riversmead. To the last the young girl's eyes were fixed on the old church spire and the green trees. 'Hope,' she whispered, 'I remember seeing that spire as we came along in the train, and my heart was sad as death. I prayed all the time, when I could move my numbed, mute lips so still and so cold-I prayed that I might die; I had no other wish.' 'That is the last time you are ever to refer to this sorrowful past; let it' be a blank page, on which not even memory shall read a word. In your own mind bid it adieu.' Hope Charteris kept her word. The subject was not mentioned between themn again until-The name of Riversmead or Dr. West never crossed her lips. It was as though it had never been. They were warmly welcomed home; but great was thedismay of Miss Char teris's old friends to hear that she was going to sell No. 59, and leave London. In her own mind the idea was that she would destroy all trace of her identity, that she would completely separate the old life from the new, and leave no clue as to her whereabouts. In thinking over her sister's early life she could never find the least clue to the mystery that had puzzled her. Only of one thing could she be certain : whoever it was that loved her, be it lover or husband, must reside in London, for Florence had never been out of it until she p.aid that visit to the North. Looking back she could remember that her sister had; shown a great liking for solitary walks;'she remembered many occasions when Floy had risen erly'to go into the garden or the park, and she, thinking, no harm, had smiled at the fond ness for the fresh air. Whoever he was-lover or husban'l, friend or foe-the man her sister loved must live in the great city. They must not meet again until at least she knew the truth. The better and wiser plan was to keep her young sister continually under her eye while they were in London, and to get her away as soon as possible. Perhaps Florence noticed that she was kept under continual surveillance; if so, she made no remark upon it. When the elder sister took the younger into her con fidence, and told her she had sold the house and intended to travel about for a change, Florence made no reply. A listlessness that nothing over varied had fallen over her, Everything succeeded just as Miss Charteris wished and hoped. She sold her property, reinvetsed her money, went from one watering place to another, watched her sister regain health and beauty, then she said to herself: 'Now we are safe. Mrs. Leybourne is in America; the doctor has given me his oath, even should he wish to renew his acquaintance, he will find we have left our home and will give up the idea. , For the rest I am certain. I may rest now, thank God i Oh, thank God ! we are safe.' Some weeks passed away, and Doctor West bethought.himself of his promise to visit thelittle childleft under such pecu liar circumstances.' He' went up to the pretty: little cottage where Mrs, Elster lived. What was his wonder at finding it closed and empty. He enquired amongst the :neighbours and was told that Mrs. Elster had left Riversmead, SHow long bad she been gone ?' 'Three weeks and more.' 'Where was she gone ?' 'That no one knew. She had not said 'good-bye' to any of her old friends. One day she sent for a broker, sold all her furniture, paid her few debts, and the next. day she was gone.' He asked, had any strangers been to see her, and was told none. It was useless to ask any more ques tions. None of her neighbours or friends knew ariything about her. He enquired at the station, and found a porter who had seen her go, but no one knew to what place. ' Miss' Charteris had done this,' said the doctef to himself. He wirote at once to the address given, and after a few days ihe letter was; retdrnd to him through the Dead-letter 'office. Miss Charteris lived' no longer"at` -9, Clyde-Terrace, Hyde Park. Nor could he hear any more of them; they had vanished as completely from his path as though they had never crossed it;' and there were times when.he felt temspted to ask himself if it were not all a dream. While Hope Charteris exulted in the success of her plan, and said to herself a. hundred times each day that they were safe. -. ' .... : Monthsand years rolled on 'until the memory of all these eyents grew dim, SEnd ofintroduction. CHAPTER I; .Cpuld all the superlativec in the English lanigUage convey any ideaof the grandeur of the Damers of Avonwold; of their long decintetheir liistoric:name, the tame of their mn>e the beauty of their women, the vealtli'"derivad from tl eii'vast estates, the halo that surrounided them, that seemed to cut:them off from the common herd ? 'The Damers of Avonwold, to begin ,'vit;'hwere gentlemen. They did not come over with Willliam the Norman, for they had already made a name in English history, when that celebrated person brought Norman civilisation to bear upon Saxon bluntness. They belonged to the grand old Saxon race; they had Saxon virtues and Saxon faults. They had Saxon loyalty, whlich made them true to their God, their king, and their country. They had Saxon bluntness, which made them hate all falseness, despise all meanness, scorn all hollow assumption; they had Saxon honour and honesty, which made them truest friends and noble foes. Saxon strength of speech, which made the word of a Damer sacred as the oath of another man. England owes much of her power and greatness to such men, strong yet simple; men of soul, of will, and of pur pose, who lived right for right's sake, and hated wrong, because it was wrong. The Damers had their own especial boasts. They could show a long family record in which there was not the name of one disloyal man, or light, false Woman. 'As true as a Damer,' has passed into a proverb. They could read from their own family annals the stories of brave men who had died fighting :for king and country; of brave woman spotless as they were fair who had done good service in times of war and piersecution. There were those who went went so far as to say that England could boast no better name than theirs, and yet, the Damrners had their faults. They were proud, haughtly, reserved-they were especially inrtolerant of all weakness-a Daiter would pardon a deadly injury moire easily, a thousand times, than he could ipardon a lie or a trifling act of deception. To deceive a Damer was to lose his friend ship.', It was an unpardoiiable sin. Any amount of ,stern, hard truth could be spoken without.offence. They were a very superstitious race that had endless legends belonging to them. Avonwold was .full .of them; every tower, every turret;,- every tree had its story; every shady nook has its legend eveiry dark chamberand winding staiircase its ghost. ' They were too much inclined to believe in signs and omens. A lairge and beauti ful terrace ran along 'the western side of the hall; every Damer devoutly believed that before any terrible event befell the family, the sound of rain drops was heard pattering along the terrace. They be lieved it sincerely, as we believe the sun rises and sets, Superstition is out of place in the nineteenth century, and helped to make the Damers more celebrated than ever. Avonwold had descended in unbroken succession from father to son. The Damers all married early;, they always married good and beautiful women, caring little for fortune; the only points on which they were .paiticular being good descent and stainless reputation. No Damner ever married a flirt or a coquette; their wives were women fitted to be the mothers of a race of heroes. KarlLord Damer, the present master of Avonwold, had, in some of these respects, departed from the rule of his forefathers; he had not married young. He was now in his thirty- fourth year, and was only just returning from his wedding tour. Lord Damer had one sister married the Countess of Oakleigh-a very beauii ful .nd accomplished woman. His two younger brothers were dead; his cousin, Audrey Damer, was heir presumptive ; and Audrey Damer had married thte most am bitious, scheming, and intriguing woman in England. Mrs. Damer-who was now with her husband, on a visit to Avonwold -had no great pretensions, to beauty. She was clever, fond of clvir people, am bitious as Lucifer, and, withal, fond of her husband. She hsd most foolishly encouraged some vain hopes that Lord Damrner would never marry, and that then her husband would succeed. All the Damers married before they were twenty- five; if he intended to marry at all, she argued, he would have married when the others did. As year after year passed on her hopes increased. Itwas a fatal blow to her when, in his thirty-fourth year, Karl Lord Damrner an nounced his marriage with a young and most beautiful girl. ' Who would have thought that a young man like Karl would have the Damrner fail ing for beauty?' said Isabel to her hus band. 'For my part, though I know he has a perfect right to please himself, I am sure I shall detest the woman.' At which Aiudrey laughed, and told his wife that he fancied she would make a very good hater if she tried; to which dubious compliment Mrs. Damrner replied that she should certainly try. It was a beautiful June evening on which our story opens. The flag is flying from the tower of Avonwold; for Lord Damrner and his young wife are expected home. Such an evening 1 The glorious sky was full of rose-coloured clouds; the sunbeams had never been so warm and bight-they fell on the calm, deep lake, where the water-lilies slept, until it looked likle a sheet of burnished god; they fell on the pretty fountains, that sent their perfumed spray high into the sunlit air; on the flowers, whose breaths were odours from every clime; on the superb gardens and pleasure-grounds; on the lawn, green as emerald and smooth as velvet; on the grand old cedar-trees, that stood like giants always ready to defend; on the magnolia trees, whose huge white flowers filled the air with rich and luscious perfume. They fell on the grand old mansion of Avonwold. Looking at it, those lines of Mrs. Hemans came irresistibly to one's mind ' The stately homes of England, How beautiful they stand, Amidst their tall, ancestral trees.' There was no pretence about Avonwold. It was one of old England's proudest homes. A home fit for kings or princes grand, yet beautiful-old, yet lacking nothing of modern luxury. A poet should describe it, who could tell how its lofty towers and turrets were clad in green ivy; how its deep oriel windows were perfect in their beautiful arches, how the stately entrance was built of purest marble, and the tall, fluted columns of the same. How the Ialo of chivalrous ages seems to linger over it I for it had been built in the time when men considered architecture an immortal art, and not merely a contract between builder and brickmaker. Travellers and tourists come from all parts of England to see Avonwold. The eyes linger in charmed surprise over the magnificent proportions, the rich and delicate tracery, the perfect symmetry and grandeur of the whole. Rumour says that Karl Lord Damrner has spent a small fortune in re-furnishing and re- decorating Avonwold ready for his beautiful young wife, and rumour says, also, that nothing could be too luxurious for my Lady Damer, whose serene, queenly loveliness is sanspariel. On the smooth, emerald lawn a little group is assembled-Audrey Damrner and his wife Isabel, who were asked to meet the bride; old Lady St. Julien, a distant relative of the Damrners; and the Rev. Mr. Trench, Vicar of Avonleigh. They were all there, by Lord Damer's invitation to meet the bride. Lord Damrner had written himself to Mrs. Damrner, re questing her as a great favour, to superin tend herself all the arrangements for the reception of Lady Damrner. ' I know Avonwold is looking its best,' he wrote, 'and I am glad of it, for I wish her to be favourably impressed by it.' Which little paragraph Isabel read aloud to her husband, with many sneers. 'She must indeed be 'somebody,' if Avonwold does not impress her,' she said. And now as they came upon the lawn, the same thought occurred to her. ' My Lady Damrner nmust be pleased with Avonwold,' she said; 'I never remember to have seen it in treater beauty.' Lady St. Julian looked around. 'It is certainly a lovely spot; I always say it is the finest residence in England. How warm and shleltered this lawn is. I did not expect to find the grass so per fectly dry to-day.' 'Why not?' asked Mr. Damrner, with a smile; 'the newspapers are beginning to talk about prayers for rain.' Lady St. Julien looked up at him with a puzzled face. '\Vhy, surely MIr. Damner, you must have heard the rain last night; it woke me several times pattering on, the terrace. I was very thankful to hear it.' Mr. and Mrs. Damrner looked at each other with dismayed faces. ' You heard raindrops falling on the terrace, Lady St. Julien, last night?' asked Isabel Damrner. 'Certainly, and so did everyone else,' was the prompt reply. 'Your room looks on what is called "My Lady's Terrace ?' asked Mr. Damrner, arid again husband and wife looked very hard at each other. 'You do not remember the Avonwold legends,' said Isabel Damer, 'that before any great misfortune happens to the family, the sound of raindrops falling on the terrace is beard by some member of the family ? No misfortune has ever over taken the Damers without this warning being given.' Lady St. Julien looked discomfited. 'My dear Isabel, you should not talk about misfortunes on the very day my lord brings his new wife home.' ' I am not accountable for the legends of the family,' she replied, ' neither can I hellp believing in them. It was hn unfor tunate thingthat you should have heard that sound last night of all nights in the year.' TO BE CONTINUED. 