BROADBRIM'S NEW EOEK LETTER. When the HOT. Doctor Talmage finished his bitter and scathing sermon on spiritua lism, erery man, woman *and child in ti«e congregation felt th«t it w»8 the key-note of a fight. The reverend doctor talks like a fighter, and acts like a fighter, he looks like a fighter, and he is a good fighter-at Jong range. He reminds me very much of the Irishman who went out to fight a duel with a Frenchman. The Frenchman was sick, so his second approached tlie Irishman's secoud and said, " My dear sir, my principal is so weak that he can hardly stand ; would you hare any objection if he should lean against youder milestone ?" " Not in l he laste, sur ; not in the laste, if yon will grant me a favor?" "Certainly, certainly," said the Frenchman. " Thin," said the Irishman, " my principal is wake too, and I would like to have him lane against the other milestone." It is very po-sible that Judge Abram H. Daily is not quite as well known in Xim buctoo or Nova Zetnbla as Doctor Talmage is, but to the two or three millions of people in and about New York he is as well known as the Tabernacle pastor, and in private or in public his word will go as far and his charac ter is just as good as the Doctor's. Judge Daily replied to the Doctor's bitter phillipic by challenging iiim to open discussion in the largest assembly hall in Brooklyn. He offered to defray one-half of the expenses and promised to furnish such proofs in open day light as should convince the Doctor, but Dr. Talmage refused to meet him> denouncing spiritualists as liars and fools. Now Judge Dniiy is a gentleman of good character, ot ex tensive practice as a lawyer, and a gentleman every way as worthy of consideration and belief as Doctor Taluiage hnuself. When he denounces the great body of spiritualists as liars and fools, that proves nothing but the Doctor's ill manners and bad temper, both of which are but indifferent recommendations for a first-class clergyman. .Judge Daily asserts oil his honor, that he has seen materia lizations, and that they have approached him and he touched them, and then that they vanished into thin air. There are many of us who do not aud cannot believe all this ; but this man says he saw it, not once but often, and his word would be taken in any court of justice just as soon a9 Doctor Ta' mage's, or that of any clergyman in New York or Brooklyn. Some allowance must be made the Rev. Doctor on account, of the experience of the past few weeks, brought out in the trial ol the bogus Editlia Montez, alias Madam Diss Debar. This notorious creature, tripped up in effecting the ruin of old Luther Marsh, appears in court -with another woman's husband, and the old wretch Diss Debar gets up in open court and acknow ledges that he has a wife an 1 children ii Phila delphia, whom he calls his Snancial wife, and turning lovingly to the brazen harlot at his side with the eyes of judge, jury and a thou sand people fixed upon him, tells the court without a blush that " this is my spiritual wife." Such moral degradation has seldom been witnessed in a court of justice before. No wonder that the Doctor's blood grew hot when he read it, and he "felt like his Mas ter when he seized a whip aud drove the money changers from the court of the Temple. Whether it legitimately belongs to it or not, spiritualism has had a deal of free love tacked on to it; and all through this Diss Debar trial the court room has been full of men and women, acknowledged spiritualists, who have applauded Diss Debar whenever he declared his intention to stick by the woman he called his spiritual wife. Now, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has taken care of her son and daughter, Luiher Marsh having turned them out of doors, and just in the midst of our spiritual excitement, Kate Fox, one of the great Fox sisters, turns up in a Harlem police court as a poor drunkard unfit to take care of her children, two boys, who have been brought up ill gross ignorance, she seldom having sent them to school. What a fate! Here is the woman that started the ball of spiritualism rolling till It circled the great globe, millions of people having sat en tranced in her presence, and, notwithstanding the closest investigation, she has never been detected in her tricks. She has made and spent a dozen fortunes. She married a Ger man baron and lived in a castle with retinues of servants, horses, carriages, and gold and jewels galore ; but they are all gone now, and the wretched old woman, a slave to drink, finds no spirits to come to her aid now that she needs them as woman seldom needed them before. Her sister married Captain Kane, the Arctic explorer. In view of these palpable results a charitable margin of allowance must be made for Doctor Talinage's righteous indig nation, though it would have been more satis factory to the great body of his admirers, if, instead of shooting at long range, he had tackled Judgrt Duily at close quarters, and as far as a quest ion can be settled, had knocked him out on the first round. " It is the very error of the moon that comes more neur the earth than she was wont and makes men mad." Three suicides last week startled the City of Churches, for they were all rich Brooklyn men, though doing business in the city of New York. Mr. De Braun, the cashier of the Park Bank, did not blow his brains out or hang himself, but he committed moral suicide, nevertheless, when he robbed the bank that trusted him for twenty years, of $100,000, and fled. He sat high in the sanhedriui of the elect of Brooklyn for the rewson that be was the honored repre sentative of one of the stauncliest and richest ba;.ks in the United States. In a few years, in the due line of succession, he might hope to rise to the presidency. As it was he was just on the eve of promotion to a place with a salary of §12,000 a year. The shock at this man's crime can scarcely be imagined, for he was loved and honored and trusted by all who knew him, and no living man suspected him of being a thief till he. fled. His friend William T. Phippard took a dif ferent method of balancing his books ; he did it with a 32 caliber pistol, and that was the end of him. He was once a rich broker, but fortune fled from him and wiih fortune friends ; he could not face poverty, hard work and old age, so he blew his brains out. James H. Hunting, another stock broker, a friend of Phippard and De Braun, blew his brains out at the door of Cryus Field's office. Do you want to know what brought about all these tragedies ? A very simple cause in deed-Gambling! Not altogether in stocks, though tliey all lost money that way, but in a quiet little gentlemanly game of poker. Night after night they tried it for years ; the losses at first did not seem large, sometimes ten or fifteen dollars, and again getting up from the table at three and four o'clock in the morning, less a couple of bundled. Hundreds were lost in this manner, and then thousands ; then they took chances to make their losses good. They'd soon bo all right, and they went on, on, on ! It is the same old story told a thousand times, ending in 6hame, misery and dentil. There are few such thieves of honor and honesty as that same gentlemanly game of poker, which has ruined and killed more decent men than all the faro games o* monte games in the l.ind. La Tosca is tired of her husband and now applies for a divorce from him. Mrs. Price, nee Fanny Davenport, d ies not like the idea of her husband going off with Miss Margaret Alather as her agent, and Mr. l'rice does not j like Mr. Melbourn McDowell as his wife's I leading man in La Tosca. Miss Davenport | sajs that Mr. Price has been very naughty, and the provok ng part of the business is that Mr. Price don:t deny it, and says, " What ara you going to do about it ? As there is but one cause on whicli absolute divorces are granted in Sew York, and as Mr. Price virtually acknowledges that he has given her that cause, she will get her divorce with suiall delay, and as Mr. McDowell has got rid of hie trouble some rib, perhaps we shall see what we shall see before the snow Sies. The Methodist Conference that has been in session this week at the Metropolitan Opera House has been one of the most remarkable gatherings of the year. A bitter and acri monious fight has been made on the woman delegate question, and both parties are reli giously convinced that they are right. Ina com mittee of sixteen, eleven reported against the admission of women, snd among them, to oiy astonishment, I saw the Dft'ne of Warner Miller. It id reported that Mr. Miller has the presidential bee faintly buzzing In his bonnet. If the day ever does come when he matps a start for the White House, he'll hare reason in the hour of defeat to repent of the vote he cast against women on the third day of May, 1888, while a delegate to the Metho dist Conference. To my thinking the women delegates who were locked out were by far the brightest, handsomest, and most intelligent looking portion of the Conference, and if they had given us outsiders a chance to vote the women would have gone in with a l'Urh. But patience, ladies, there's a good time coming; these hide-bound old fogies can't live f rever ; there will be lo*s of smart women left after they are all dead, and then the women can capture the convention and tarn all the ob jectors out of the meeting, and let them jam the Hard-shell Baptists or the Salvation Army. " The law's delay" is a favorite figure of speech, and at times she is a slow, halting old jade. But Charles Rickard, one of the finest, has nothing to complain of on that: score, for he was detected in a robbery on Tuesday morning about 5 o'clock; his case went before the Grand Jury at ten; at one o'clock he was brought into conrt, where he pleaded guilty to an indictment for grand larceny ; at two o'clock he was sentenced to States Prison, and at half-past four he was ia his cell at Sing Sing. The robbery, capture, indictment, sentenoe and execution all being compassed within eleven hours and a half. Mr. Slieppard, of the Mail and Express, is the latest addition to New York journalism, and inasmuch as the Mail and Express is private property, and is run to suit its owner, I don't see that any one is privileged to find fault with anything he does, especially as he is abundantly able te pay for his amusement, being a son-in-law of the late Wm, H. Van derbilt. He startled our wicked editors by putting scriptural texts at the head of his columns calling sinners to repentance, and every editor and reporter in New York thought it was aimed dircctly at him. His latest fad is forbidding profane swearing in the office of the Mail and Express. Why, this attacking the liberty of the press! Why, even the Independent allowed reporters to swear On Monday afternoons, and the Christian Advo cate any time after twelve o'clock at night. In the Sun office swearing is allowed Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. In the Tribune office the rule is mild forms of objuration after Mr. Wliitelaw Seade has retired. In the World office the principal swearing iB done by Pulitzer in person, ably assisted by Colonel Cockrill and Ballard Smith. In the Times office profianity is of a mild type, and all the other papers indulge more or less. What is the world coming to when a printer can't swear a little ? Knock a form of the Mail and Express into pye, and if Brother Sheppard passes safely through that we'll think of it. The arrest in Brooklyn of a prominent real estate man named Swimm on Tuesday last, is the culmination of one of the quaint little romances of our city life. Mr. Swimm is an eminently respectable citizen, apparently re tiring in his ways, rather clerical in his appear ance, and is in fact regardel as one of the stauncbest pillars of the Baptist Church to which he belongs. Still there must be a little of Old Adam left in Brother Swimm, notwith standing his conversion and bis years, for a few months ago he thought he would have a little quiet lark, so he put an advertisement in the paper for a housekeeper, and as he advertised himself as a gentleman of means, he did not want a wrinkled old tabby, but a nice, bright, plump, vivacious, intelligent, accomodating housekeeper; in short, just the right kind of kousekeeper for a handsome gentleman of means. It is hardly necessary to say that he got a bushel and a half of letters, and one hun dred and seventy-three photographs. Now Mr. Swimm didn't want any housekeeper, he had a most excellent housekeeper in Mrs. Swimm, an estimable lady, who had darned his stockings and faithfully attended to the duties of Swimm's household for over thirty years. But on the receipt of his mail Swimm looked over the letters and photos, and finally pitched upon an angelic widow in New Haven to preside as the keeper of his mythical house. Donning his Sunday suit he kissed Mrs. Swimm good-bye, and told her that he was going to look after a little bit of real estate on which he had his eye. Now, if Mr. Swimm had said personal property, it would have been nearer the truth, but he did uot. Well, Mr. Swimm hurried up to New Haven and met the charming widow, and wonderful to relate she was just exactly like her photo, but then she wasn't exactly a widow; she was only con structively a widow, that is to say, a widow of the grass variety. That was just the kind of housekeeper that Mr. Swimm was looking for; she suited him to a dot, and by way of binding the bargain, lie took her down to Black Bock on a ten cent, excursion, and there they had Bock beer, fried clams, deviled oysters, ice cream, and a jolly good time generally. So far all was plain sailing; bat Mr. Swimm had hardly reached his hotel, his head swimming with ecstacsy at his prospective bliss with his new housekeeper, when a knock came at the door and a gentleman walked in, who called himself Mr. Sibley, and desired to inquire of Mr. Swimm, what in Jerusalem he hud been doing with his wife ? Perhaps Mr. Swimm thought this was Sibley's ghost, at any rate the next day he got up and dusted for Brooklyn. He told Mrs. Swimm that he had concluded not to invest in that property, and made a straight bolt for his office. Ho had hardly got seated behind his desk, when the grass widow Sibley stood in the door with blood in her eye. | She soon gave the gentleman of means, that while it was an eaaj matter to catch a grass widow, it was not quite so easy to get rid of her, and in her particular case it would require guilders to do it. Mr. Sibley's constitution was so badly shattered by Swimm's indelicate attention to his wife, that it required at least ten thousand dollars to put him in passable repair. The suit was to hare come off last week, but it was understood to bave been settled out of court, fur Sivimm failed to materialize. But though Mr. Sibley's honor was satisfied. Mrs. Sibley's was not, and this week she had him arrested for libel, and if Bhe succeeds, she may convince Old Swimm tnat widows are dangerous tilings to fool, grass or no grass. 