WESLEYAN CHURCH ANN I VERSARY. The WeBleyan Church anniversary was made additionally interesting last .Sunday by the presence of the newly appointed pastor, the Rev. Nathaniel Bennett, presi dent of the conference, who commenced duties on that day. The church presented a very pretty appearance, being decorated with evergreens. A raised platform was erected at the end opposite the gallery, and seated some 200 children, who sang at the morning, afternoon and evening services hymns appropriate to the day. The Rev. Mr Bennett preached at the morning and evening services, the subject at each being Education. The text in the evening was taken from Proverbs 22ud chapter, 6th verse—‘'Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.” Mr Bennett said— You will remember, some of you, that we directed your attention to this passage of Scripture this morning, and that we referred to the children of our times, and to the fact that childhood was one of the most inter esting and endearing phases of human life, and that Solomon in this passage gave utter ance not only to his own views but to the sentiments of the Divine Spirit when he said ‘‘Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.” We then endeavored to explain what we understood the passage to mean to a certain point, namely, that the work of religious education ought to be undertaken very early. We have to train the child ; not the man; the child. We next referred to the fact that the text evidently teaches us that this work of religious education has to be done skil fully ; and that seems to be implied in the word “ train.” And we intimated that there was a difference between teaching and train ing, and endeavored to make it as clear as we could to our own minds and yours. And in reference to the training we pointed out that it was of a threefold character, physical training, mental training, and moral train ing. And then the time alloted to the service was over. Permit us, therefore, to continue our remarks on this latter point, moral training, religious training.. I am aware we may be met by an objection coming from certain quarters that in this matter of dealing with the young people and instructing them, we must keep pace with the spirit of the age, and the idea seems to me that the spirit of the age would get away from old-fashioned revelation that we had before it. Now we have no objection to keep pace with the spirit of the age in this matter or in that provided the spirit of the age does not depart from the spirit of the book. Now it may be well for us to enquire at this stage what is the spirit of the age. If we cast about us and go mentally into the various countries of the world or the con tinent of Europe, we may gather what is the spirit of the age, and then we. may say whether we are prepared to train up our children according to the spirit of the age on the continent. What is the spirit of the age in Russia ? Well, I am afraid it is the spirit of des potism. And what is the spirit of the age in Turkey ? I fear it is the spirit of ignor ance and cruel persecution. What is the spirit of the age in France? If we read rightly the sentiments of the French it is the spirit of infidelity. And what is the Bpirit of the age in Germany to a very great extent to-day? It is the spirit of rationalism. What is the spirit of the age bat a restless desire to overleap the boundaries of Divine truth ? Genesis, forsooth, must be re modelled to make it tally with the records of science so- called, or the discussion of geology. Inspiration is now questioned in some quarters, and those grand old doctrines which have been handed down to us must be reduced to a cold metaphysical abstraction, and those who preach the old gospel are voted old fogies. We are behind the spirit of Christ, we are told, when we preach Jesus and the resurrection, and the grand trnths revealed to us in connection with human nature, and the redemption of man by the bloodshed of Jesus Christ. Brethren, if these children are to be instructed accord ing to the spirit of an age like that, we say No, not ono of them. As far as in us lies we will teach them those great benefits that lie at the very foundation of human happi ness and of eternal glory. Woe to the world when the world iB emptied of human conscience, and depend upon it. conscience must go and happiness must go when religion la buried in a heap of tradition. Train up your child in the way he should go. Not in the way he should read merely. Our State schools attend to that matter, and attend to it well. Train up your child, not in the way he should write merely. That is attended to now better than we can do it ourselves. Train up your child, not in the way he Bhould argue. Train up your child in the way he should go -, not in the way he would go. That is the French system of education, and as far as we understand it, it is bad, radically bad ; and the way that our children would go, if loft to themselves, is always the downward way, for unfortun ately our bias is on the side of evil instead of good. Now to conform to this there must be moral training, and we must have it based upon the word of God. We must not give those dear children an unliving effigy stuffed with traditions and miracles of man i devices. We must transfer the page o! Divine Truth to the tablet of the heart, anc make what ia abstract truth in the one a living truth in the other, and that can only be done by the power of the Holy Ghost. We must give them the whole bible. But the old testament, we iray bo told, is not so easy to read. It is not a wise thing to place the whole bible in the hands of. the young. I ask if the first page of Genesis is not as easily understood as the first of Matthew ? Or if the psalms are not as easily understood as the revelations of St John? But, it is said, there is so much that is sinful recorded in the old testament. My brethren, the question is not whether those children will know what sin is, the question is will you fit them to meet the sin whioh will certainly present itself by and bye. Train them up in the way they should go. Train their affections; train their habits; train them as regards life in the way of obedience, and in the way of integrity, and in the way of benevolence, and in tue way of God. And what then ? That brings mo to the bright side of the picture. When he is old he will not depart from it. Of course there is an advantage that the parent reaps, an advantage that the teacher reaps, and an advantage that the nation reaps. If all the people of our age were trained up in the fear of God and in the nurture of the Holy Ghost would not there be brighter homes in the land ? Would it not be an advantage to the State all round? The advantage referred to in the text is that which the child reaps. And how is it that the children of some good men go astray ; wander from the path of integrity ; fall into the gutter of sin. Well, all I can say is that good men are not always wise. But then good men and good women do not always know how to train their children. Elia was a good man: but he was only a good admonisher, not a good teacher, and because he did not teach his child properly, the child went to the bad. Let us fulfil the conditions and God will fulfil the promise. When the child becomes a man, an old man, the advan tage will be his. We may be told some of the children are not so bad as the teachers of the present day seem to imagine. What does the book say? That foolishness is bound up in the heart of childhood; that “we go astray as soon as we are born.” What does Job say ? “ Behold I was shaped in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me.” And what does the Master say ? “ Out of the heart of man proceedeth evil, murders, adul teries, fornications, blasphemies.” Out of the heart of man. Man ns man. The seeds of all these evils lie buried in the human heart, and they are only waiting for circum stances and they will develop, and there will be a mighty storm. There were times at sea when you believed the waters could not be anything but calm. So placid, so peace ful, you would never dream that there were hidden evils under the surface; but wait until the winds of tempation blow; till these children go out into life and mingle in society and influences are brought to bear upon them, then it is that the crop we have been speaking of will declare itself. Take another ground. Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not “ easily” depart from it. You may get a man out of what he has been taught, but not out of what he has been trained. You may meet a man in the Btreet, he may be in broadcloth or in fustian, but there is something about the man’s bearing that tells you in the plainest manner he has been a soldier. He has been “ trained” a soldier, and the training will stick to the man until he drops into the grave. A beggar comes to my door pretty often. He may come in filth and rags. There are no markB about him as far as appearances are concerned, but the moment he opens his mouth I can tell he is a gentleman. There are no external marks of gentility about him; but in the very first sentence he utters there is a placid pronunciation about it which are the marks of a good education, and he cannot depart from it. He may go lower and lower still and yet the marks of his early education will not depart from him, and he could not speak ungrammatically even if he tried. He has been trained. Train up a child in the way he should go, and the influence will cling to him in after life. First impressions are always lasting. Any merchant kuows that if you get a liquor and pour it into a new cask it will retain the taste longer than an old caBk. When the children hastened to the Son of David, the Philistines became alarmed ; the pulpits in a few years will be supplied by our children ; they will be lead ing in the bar, leading in the senate, leading in the Woolsack and in the Exchange. It is for us to mould their thonghts, to guide their destiny, and when they die their influence will be felt in the boy that they have trained, or the girl that they have trained, and the influence will go on. And if religious education does not accomplish what our text affirms, nothing else will. Rely upon it, if you and I do not attend to this matter, the Devil will. Vice will train them. If we do not bring onr influence to bear, evil influence will take the place of God’s. Are we to give over the yonng people of our time to infidelity and rational ism and the know-nothing party. Who will bid for the little children body and sonl ? “I will bid for them ; I will teach them to lie, and skulk, and crawl,” says the Devil. “And I will bid higher and higher,” cries Crime, “I wifi lead them into the ways of sin; they shall plague the broad highway.” But “No,” cries Religion. I will take the little ones: I will lead them unto God.” TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. A tea and public meeting was held on Tuesday evening, the congregation assemb ling in large numbers. The tea meeting took place in the schoolroom, and the public meeting in the church, when the Rev. Mr Bennett presided. Addresses were delivered by the chairman, Mr Rice and Mr Byrne, Mr Grubb, the secretary, read the annual report, disclosing a satisfactory state of things for the year; Mr Evans read the treasurer’s report, which showed that the finances had improved. The children sang selections, and gave recitations very creditably. Votes of thanks to all who had assisted terminated the meeting. Messrs John Morgan and Co., sell by auction this afternoon on the ground, land in Nelson Place and house property in Little Nelson street near Ferguson street. A. T. Clark and Smith will sell by auction at three o’clock this afternoon in Railway Crescent a comfortable four-roomed W.B. cottage and land in an insolvent estate. A demonstration by the Williamstown Band of Hope will be held this afternoon commencing with a procession which will leave the Mechanics’ Institute at three o’clock. A public meeting to be addressed by the Hon. John Nimmo, will be held at tue Institute in the evening. •WOMAN'S SUFFERING AND RELIEF. Those languid, tiresome sensations, causing you to feel scarcely able to be on your foot; that constant drain that is taking from your system alius former elasticity; driviog the bloom from your cheeks; that ontinual strain upon your vital forces, rendering you irritable and frotfni, can easily be removed by tho nse of that marvellous remedy, Dr. Soule’s American Hop Bitters. Irregularities and obstructions of your system arc relieved at once while the special causes of periodical pain are permanently removed. Non receive so much benefit, and none are so profoundly grateful, and show such an interest in recommending Hop Bitters as women. A POSTAL CARD STORT. I was affected with kidney and urinary Trouble— " For twelve years ! " After trying all the doctors and patent medicines I could htar of, I used two bottles of Dr. Soule's Ameri an Hop Bitters j And I am perfectly enred. I keep it. “ Ml tho time I ” respectfully, B. F. Booth, Sauls bury,Tenn.—May 3, 1835. Bradford, Pa., May 8th, 1E85. cured me of several diseases, such as nervous* knees of the stomach, monthly troubles, Sc ot seen a sick day in the year, since I took b's American Hop Bit ers. All my neighbors n> Mas. Fannie Grekn. S3,000 LOST. mr to Europe that cost me $3,000, did mo lesi an one bottle of Dr. Soule's American Hoj • they also cared my wife of fifteen years ner akness, si. eplessnes. ^ So. Bloomingvildr, o., May 1, *86 iavc been Buffering ten years, and I tnec Soule’s American Hop Bitters, and it die o„a than aU the doctors^ g_s_BooNE_ BABY SAVED. akful to SCO tint our nursing babj V cured of a dangerous and protractei irregularity of the bowels by the u» merlcan Hop Bitters by its mother no time restored her to perfect healtl _The Parents, Rochester, N.T, nine without a bunch of green Hop jd, and Dr. Sonia’s name blown it am; of all the vile poisonous »tufi thi abovO, 