(From Texas—ami other—S fii Falslafi wasn't aa ic-eberfr, t-xsctlr, yt-1 he seems to have been a mountain of ticc. When tbe pugilist is not left-b&cdcd; rfc wSl generally find liiiu closed in his light, mind. When an undertuki i v.-as aited if bueinesG was good with him, he eaid he had dead loads of it. Popping the question would bo l'ost as light and easy as popping com, if it wasn't for the atonement. Women in Washington Territory can vote. Those who take advantage of the privilege are called ballot girls. Sir Francis Drake discovered California. Does that account for so many nice little ducks in San Francisco ? Did you ever see a doctor kick a banani peel off the sidewalk or tell an acquaintance he was sitting in a draught P Love is like the measles; we can't have it bad but once, and the later in life we have it the tongher it goes with us. What is the difference between a tube and a foolish Dutchman ? One is a hollow cylinder, and tbe other is a silly Hollander. About the most miserable man in the world is the one who is expected to laugh at the joke of a story he has heard before. " The coming newspaper," eays a well-known journalist, " will not print any advertisements." If that is so, the coming woman will not read it, and a good many mushroom proprietors will go to the poor-house. Col. E. A. Calkins, of tbe Chicago Journal, lectures on the subject, "Was Othello a Negro He was moor negro than white man, evidently. An impecunious actor, who strayed into an auction store, called the auctioneer's hammer the ghost of Banquo, because it wonld not down at his bidding. The New York Tribune thinks that there just as much poverty as when Sir. George began. Very likely, but it isn't distributed the same. George has less and his followers have more. " What wonld be the doty on such a painting as that if it were brought from Paris ?" asked a young New York painter of his friend, pointing to a picture on his easel. After bis friend had looked at it critically, he replied: " I think it would be the duty of whoever had it in charge to pitch it overboard." TBS CANDID FBIESD. Fritz married, a very ugly girl, and on meeting his friend Rudolph, the former asked: " How do yon like my wife's looks T' " Jeewhilikins I She must have a lot of money," replied the candid friend. DOISOS IN MOBHOSDOU—WHAT KEPT HTM OOT LATE. Two Hormon wives (speaking together)— " Husband, what in the world haB kept you ont so late?" Mel Mormon mi husband—" I have just been proposing the ven- to a few of E'der Jones' daughters. I , ters tell yon, that little Kittie .Tones is a daisy." a PBIOBT. him Mrs. Johnsing—" For de Lor*, Henry Clay, Jr., wat's de mattah r' Henry day, Jr.—I doan been scared haf to def." Monght ha' knowed dat, chile; you's white as a sheet." IT CUBED THE COW. { Patient—" I've taken all the medicine yon J sent except this one bottle, and I don't seem to ' feel any better." Doctor—"Toms must be an aggravated case. Farmer Acorn's cow was took down at the same time you wuz, an' I giv' ha just the same med'eine exactly an* it cured her.' NOT AFRAID OP^COLB5. Anxious Wife—" My dear, now that yon have stopped drinking, j*ou most be more careful about exposing Jourself in bad weather. Yonr feet are wet." Befotmed Husband—" They've been wet sU day." " My gracious! Ton will take cold." Well, don't worry. I never had s cold yet that couldn't be cured with whisky." BOBATTCS HOLDS THE HIGH LEVEL BBIDGE. Seme: An elevated railway bridge not a hundred miles from Farramatta. She—"Oh dear, what a frightful crush ahead! Has anybody fainted ?' He—" O no; wait a minute—we're just holding on till that dude on the stairs lights his cigarette." A DOTOXISa TBOKAE. Teacher—"With the exception of the animals Noah took with him into the Ark, every living creature perished in the flood." Doubtfnl Tommy—" The fishes, too ?" BB DIDN'T IQXD IT. Landlord (to newlyfanived guests)—" I can give you a room, but it contains only a single bed." Husband—"O, that's all right. We are used to roughing it. Uy wife can sleep on the floor. I don't mind it in the least." AK ITCHING PAUL Indignant Custom House official—"What! Ton attempt to bribe me? Sir, you can't force money into my hand." Passenger—" Which hand is it you don't want any money forced into, your right or your left?' CQXDSBU1S CHILDREN. <* Papa, please go ont of the mom." " Wby saoold I leave tbe room ?" » Because yon can't rtand children's racket In your studio, and we are going to make some, yon bet. SEVZE TASTED SAY. I«dy to clerk—"This tea cmeUs peculiar. Don't it taste likB hay 7" GLerk—"I really can't say, never having tided any hay." Jjady—*' I wasn't certain about that." THK TOBACCO HABIT. (Sgar dealer to little boy—"What, do you smoke already F" Bay—" I don't smoke already. J only emoke TH* CAXD1D COCNT. "Count, I wans to ask yon a question." " Certainly, madame." And I want a candid answer." " Yon shall have it." " Well, which one of my girls do you admire mostr "The servant girl who opened the door." 