TOPICS OF THE Listen to me! and if you speak me fair I'M tell you new*, indiSereat good to either. The New South Wales Parliament is not the only one in the colonies where lively scenes are in dulged in. Recently, in the Victorian Legislature, quite a little scene occured between Mr Jones and Mr Gillies. The latter made an unfortunate slip when he tackled the member for Ballarat. Mr Jones was opposing the Discipline Act Bill, and claimed that lie had the support of his con stituents in the matter. Mr Gillies blurted out, " The constituency is better represented by Colonel Smith than by you." Mr Jones replied to this by saying that the Premier knew nothing about Ballarat since it "kicked him out," but he had shown his spite against it on every possible occasion. He added that Mr Gillies only sup ported the colonel because he expected to get something out of him. " The Premier carries his principles in his breeches pocket, which is certainly heavier than his brain pan," said Mr Jones. A little later Mr Jones threatened the Premier that he would prevent his over-riding the the House, and the latter ejaculated, " What, Jones?" And then trouble commenced. The " only Jones" replied, " I can tell the Premier that Jones had been a name borne by princes in Wales; but ' Gillies' is the name of the game bearer or bag man in the country the honorable member comes from." I make no apology for printing the following lines, sent along by a correspondent; O, little thing of rag and paste, O little ghost of gum and glue, It seems ridiculous to waste Much time on you. But we are sorry you should jeer At us, and so inanely rave So very near your end r so near Your little grave. No more. Farewell-for ever now A feeble peddling weakly-fag We see the death mark on your brow, Poor little rag! Parliament is rapidly 'approaching the end of what are called, by a euphemistic courtesy, its " labours." In the quaint old language of a certain venerable Liturgy, it has done those things which it ought not to have done, and has left undone those things which it ought to have done. It has become a vast talking machine rather than a practical legislative body. Having wasted the first precious half of its existence it has vainly attempted to cram the law-making of the country into the fevered haste of a few months and it has contrived it that brief interval to perpetrate as many legislative abortions as will ocupy the attention of the next Parliament for at least one session. So far as the agri cultural industries are concerned, the year that is drawing to a close cannot be called one of pro gress, except that it has been bringing us nearer the general elections, which it is to be hoped will form a new starting point While Parliament has .shown itself utterly incapable of legislating for the farming and grazing interests in the colony, the elements have not been as kindly as could have been wished. A prolonged drought has parched up the pastures and partially ruined the grain crops. The recent rains have freshened up the pastures, but they came too late to benefit the pastoralist in the districts where moisture was most needed. The farmers of New South Wales are, as a rule, a hopeful and self reliant class. Disappointments may harden their lot, but they cannot break their spirit, for they knew that nature is bountiful, and that the abundance of one season compensates for the failures of another. If anything were wanting to convince us that Mr. Eddy was going the right way to work in the management of our rp;,ways it would be found in the eagerness with ... h the opportunity to adversatyy^fffiettfe his action in appointing two travelling inspectors was seized in the House last week. The sweeping away of the power to exercise political influence in securing billets for importunate constituents and their descendants even unto the third generation is the greatest blow that some of our lawmakers have ever re vived. It means the taking away of the crutches by means of which they hop their way into Parlia ment. What is to become of them now, especially when this blow is the follower of another, the appointment of the Public Works Committee being a decided check to the carrying out of wild cat railways, " agin-my-own-ioor" bridges, and political jobs generally ? It is quite possible that the Chief Commissioner may have overlooked a small detail in appointing the two inspectors ; but surely no unprejudiced man would condemn him for a trifling oversight. One cause of offence is that he did not choose for the positions two men already employed in the service. This charge ! has, h.-wever, been satisfactorily answered; but I in any event most people who know anything | about the way in which our railways' are at present managed will consider that the fact that I the men will enter upon their duties as strangers to those under them is one of their strongest re 1 commendations. We want men who will know no favorites, but will deal out equal justice to all. Can any one say that that is done at present ? ! We think not. Let Mr. Eddy have a fair field, and he will in all probability prove that one of the best things that New South Wales ever did was to assign to him the important post he now occupies. For many years back there has been an in creasing desire on the part of the residents of Riverina to sever their connection with the mother colony, and throw in their lots with Victora. Melbourne is deemed the natural outlet for their wool, and not Sydney, and now the grievances under which the graziers and pastoralists allege Jthey have been labouring are said to be getting unendurable any longer. They find in the apathy and neglect of the Government at Sydney the reason of many of the hardships suffered, and are now definitely turn ing to Victoria for assistance and support. But they blame the New South Wales Government for the present deplorable state of the countxy through the drought. Unfortunately Victoria cannot help the rich district of Riverina under such conditions any more can the other colony, and she would probably have the same cause of complaint against Victoria. If New South Wales do nothing more, she should preach the doctrines of irrigation, and that is a great deal. Bishop Barry has been on that tack, too, and if his advice to leave off praying for rain and teach people how to conserve water instead is taken, perhaps Riverina may be induced to be more con tented with her present lot. The attempted leasing of the tramways has given the Ministry a severe fall, and I am glad of it. It would be a public misfortune if such a tag-rag Opposition as we now have came into power, but a still greater calamity would be the handing over of the trafiic to and from Sydney for that is what the contract of the tramways means-to a heartless, soulless, moneygrabbing syndicate for 45 years. The charges made during the debate, of cool, calculating rascality have yet to be tested, but in any case, they disclose a state of political morality so utterly disgraceful as to make one almost ashamed of being a white man. If true, there are a number of persons occupying honorable positions and wearing good clothes, who ought to be serving hard labor sentences ; if false, then those who wilfully fabricate them ought to be engaged in the " hard labor business, There is no escape from the conclusion that ot such is the Legislative Assembly-to a large exient. In Alderman foseph iJnoih, Parr.imatta and district has lost a good worker, and an honest unassuming man. Alderman Hugh Taylor paid his memory a high tribute last week, and amongst other things said For 33 Yearshe was suPerin" tendant of the Wesleyan Sunday School, and only twice during those many years was he absent. He was sure they would not find another gentle men in the colony who could say so. So was he thorough in everthing else. He was always at his post unless sickness prevented him." Bigger men than poor' Joseph. Booth still live on, but better men are few and far between. Christmas has come find gone-and is now as far away as ever. The fatted calf has been killed in many a household throughout the land, the proud turkey and the gay and festive gander have been decapitated and eaten by famished families, and everywhere there has been an abundance of the good things of this world laid out before the people. It is as well Christmas comes but once a year-otherwise the festival would gradually grow very tam*;; at present the length of time between one Christmas and another appears so great that when the glorious season does arrive it almost warrants the extra splurge indulged in, and even, I, who am a total teetotaller, can overlook the fact that the thirst for intoxicants is chronic, and leads some people into strange vagaries. The price of butter in this district at the present time ranges from 2s to 2s gd per pound, and almost every ounce of it comes from down the coast or elsewhere. W hy should this be so ? Why should we not have in our midst a butter and cheese fac ! tory of sufficient dimensions to be at least capable of supplying local requirements ? It is not at all pleasant to think that in a district like ours, I possessing, perhaps, the richest and most prolific soil in the land, we are compelled to depend upon outside sources for commodities of every-day con sumption. These advantages possessed by the Hawkesbury farmers for carrying out a scheme of dairy-farming are unsurpassed. In ordinary seasons there is an abundance of feed, water is plentiful, and access to two or three different markets, including the metropolitan, is easy. Why does not some enterprising spirit come along prepared to wake our farmers up to a sense of the losses they are being subjected to through lack of energy and industry. Butter factories have paid handsomely in all parts of the colony where they have been established, and here the special advantages which are obtainable should rendei any such establishment a certain paying specula tion. A co-operative concern, founded on a firm basis, should command the support of every farmer in the district, and I am sure that the result of a year's operations would convince the most sceptical that such an institution as that mentioned was actually required. Of course a lot depends on the who initiates the movement. If he has not the confidence of the farming population, it-is certain that any meeting called by him will be quietly ignored by those concerned ; but let any man with a little influence come forward, and I am sure that he will secure the co-operation of the Hawkesbury farmers. David Buchanan fails to see why a memorial I should be erected to the memory of W. B. Dalley. Tt always happens that when an orator or a poli tician, or a great warrior dies, some people come along and Originate the memorial craze. Now I wouldn't wonder, some of these days, when death closes the mouth of the Central Cumberland repre sentative, if some raving maniacs do not appear upon the scene and have the temerity to initiate a movement for the erection ot a monument to Dawvid. I wonder, then, whether that legal luminary will turn over on his side and warn off those who dare to desecrate his memory in this way. Poor David, he has changed his opinions so often that I should not be surprised if he even encouraged the idea of perpetuating the memory of the greatest of all Australian orators-(in his own opiuion)-himself. At Murrumburrah recently they had a fire at a local whisky-mill, and a most graphic description is given by the local SHEA of the great conflagra tion-wherein twocasksofToohey's tanglefoot and a keg of fighting-rum perished miserably, to the intense regret of a crowd of shearers and other thirsty mortals who wandered round the building in search of the alcoholic poison. The writer soars into poetic realms and tumbles again into most commonplace language when he remarks that " tho fire threatened to demolish the stables close by, but by dint of hard work and the aid of wet blankets the fiery demon was kept at bay by the willing hands that worked so well and nobly to gether." By the way, they haven't a fire brigade at Murrumburrah, and the only fire extinguisher they havfe is a local handy-man who climbs upon the burning building and douses the flames with buckets of water. If he gets the fire under, well and good, but if he don't, he climbs back to TERRA FIRMA, and travels home, leaving the building to burn out. The following, by a printer's " devil" (notour own) is well worth reading. It is a prize essay on " newspapers," and the writer evidently kept his eyes open, judging from the very accurate picture which he gives us of the several individuals who, combined, run a newspaper office. Newspapers is called vehicles of information. Reporters is what is called " the staff"-so many of 'era'being sticks. Proof-readers is men what spoils the punctuation of the compositors. Tlifey spell a word oae w^y to-day and another way to-morrow. They thinks they be intelligent persons; compositors think different. Compositors is men what set up the types-and sometimes they drinks. Compositors are very steady men when'they arc sober-which they seldom is if they can help it. Editors ismeft what knows everything in the heavens above, and the earth beneath. They is writers who'doesn't write anything at all. They is the biggest men you ever see. Managers is men as takes in the tin and gives patent medicine " ads" tops of columns next to reading matter. Proprietors ain't nobody. They ain't ever seen. Printers' devils is the most important persons in a printin' office. They does all the hard work and gets the least pay. Pressman is-well there wouldn't be no newspapers, no circus bills, without pressmen to print 'em. If I ever start a paper of Iny own I'll call it "The Uniberella." Everybody will take it. I heard the foreman tell this funny story to one of the " staff" the other day. It must have been funny, 'cause they both laughed. This is the story : "A gentleman was promenading the street with a little boy by his side, when the little boy ! cried out: ' Ob, pa, theregoes an editor!' . Hush, . hush,' said the father, ' don't make sport of the poor man-no one knows what you may come to yet.' " Some of the dodges used in Sydney to secure* custom are ingenious and not much more repu table than the doings of our legislators. A firm which has an immense emporium at the Hay market is made to lind business for its competitors. One shop adjoining displays a conspicuous sign -" Make no mistake, this is the carpet depart ment." So it is, but in many cases it is not the carpet department which the unsophisticated country visitor believes she is entering. At' another entrance a big legend runs :-" A. H. and Sons." But in vej-y small letters just above is (he qualifying phrase :-" This is not!" The zeal of this modern man of business to inform the public that his shop is not that of his big rival is commendable. But why, oh why, is the dis claimer so small and unobtrusive and the name so large ? And why is a man kept parading the front with " Haymarket only," on his cap? Verily, this the age of advertising. But some of its me thods, to say the least are peculiar. The People (London) alludes to Searle as the coloured champion." Suppose they have read of the Carnival affair. He's blacLened himself in most eyes since that. 