A TALE OF HORROR. J (LOXDOX DAI1T TZLEGBAJH.) A vUd old crimp story still lingers in the memory of nautical men ; but there is an odd sequel to ii known only to a few. Elderly sea men trould date the occurrence 1B55, one year before the introduction of the Merchants' Ship ping Act ; hut there is little doubt that it be- longs to an earlier time than that. The Yankees fasten the tale upon the English ; the English, it is needless to say, strenuously de cline the compliment. For my part, hiring re gard to the character of the American crimp, 1 have not the least imaginable doub: that the rightful birthplace of the story is New York. An old-fashioned wooden ship, with a big, gloomy topgallant forecastle, as that sort of structure is called, corresponding with an ele vation aft named the poop, was lving alongside a New York wharf, the people aboard in the act of casting the fasts adrift that she might start on a voyage to Liverpool. The scene was a lively one ; dninken sailors bawling, the mate shouting, loafers on the wharf 11;- to the crew as they lurched drunkenly into the ship. A little procession was noticed coming alone. It consisted ofa numberof men bearingthrcc sailors, who were hojielessly and entirely dead drunk. The spectacle was a disgusting one, but it was something manifestly familiar to the onlookers, whose careless glances and half grins illustrated the indifference that is bred of custom. One of these drunken men's faces the crimps had been considerate enough to conceal with a shawl or handkerchief ; the other two were exposed, and one might have imagined from their aspect thai tbey had died of some jvestilencn that permitted no time for the construction of a coffin, and that they were about to be plunged, habited as they were, into a pit on top of others who had simi larly perished. These three men, however, were a portion of the crew of the ship. They were only a little more drunk than the rest who had rcelod on board, and certainly not more useless. The captain on the quarter-deck eyed the procession grimly and askant as it wended its way from the gangway to the forecastle and disappeared past the shadow of the windlass. Possibly he was too accustomed to such sights as this to trouble him self with any sort of moralising on Jack and his habits. His, ship wanted men, and so long as his forecastle was duly filled he had no need to concern himself on the method adopted for furnishing it. In the old days of the press- gang it was all the same to the captain of a man-of-war whether the fellows who were brought aboard arrived drunk or sober. A few hours would clear the atmosphere of the 'tween-decks, and there was the discipline of the 1 rattan, and the cat and the grat ing ro round off all that needed doing. So the eye of our Yankee skipper would instinctively glance from his forecastle, into which his crew were drunkenly rolling or being carried, to the nearest iron belaying pin or to the figure of the giant chief mate roaring to a lumper below with the notes of a gale of wind. Some of the fellows whom the crimp had brought along with him might not have shaken all the hay seed out of their hair yet, but there were combs enough aboard for the clearance and smoothing of even rougher tresses than theirs in the shape of revolvers, crows, hand spikes and the like, and our Yankee master mariner there fore could find much even in a few moments of reflection to console him for the sight of his drugged and drunken ship's company hiccough ing and blaspheming, and disappeared in the gloom forward, under the overhanging break of the dark cavernous sea parlor in the bows. Some of these noble and lively hearties fell down on entering the forecastle, and snored away their distemper of boarding bouse whisky on their backs Upon the planks ; others rolled into their bunks, where they instantly fell asleep. The dismal procession deposited its hideous, pitiful burden — a touching illustration of Jock's notions of enjoying himself ashore. Two of the in sensible men_ were flung int-o the bunks and left to lie in the first jiosture their drug- paralysed limbs took up. In the bestowal of the third some little care was taken. A bunk was found for him right in ihe eyes of the vessel, that is to say in the foremost bedplace in the forecastle, where the gloom was scarcely touched by the light falling through the scuttle, and fathoms out of the reach of the penetrating lowers of the smoky flame of the melancholy little slush lamp. "With undertaker-like caution the crimp and his assistants led this drunken seaman down, smoothing his legs along, adjust ing his arms to an easy attitude of slumber, turning his face to the ship's side and snugging him with a blanket until nothing was to be seen of him but his yellow hair. They then quietly withdrew, and shortly afterwards the ship, worked by such few bands as were equal to laying aloft and pulling and hauling, got under way and proceeded on her voyage. The drunken men were " left undisturbed during ihe afternoon. As one by one they re covered from their stupor they mounted on deck, trembling, sodden, horribly miserable, their heads racked with the anguish of the poison of that last bottle they had been tempted to drain. But Yankee skippers and giant mates are people cf sensibilities not to be very readily inoved by the trembling legs and aching brows of seaman newly recovered from a debauch. As the men- appeared they were promptly "turned to" to the tune of inany choice sea blessings showered upon their eyes and other parts. The three sailors, however, who had formed a detail of the procession remained insensible in their bunks. The drug they were under the spell of rendered them insensible to the thunder of the giant mate's summons to come forth and steer and climb the masts and fulfil the many various duties ot the mariner. There was nothin? for it but to let them lie. But at midnight one of them awoke and turned out ia a dared, sleep-walking way and went on deck, where he was shortly afterwards knocked down by the second mate for failing to catch some order that had been hastily given to hirn. Then a little later on there fol lowed a tragedy. The watch below were startled by a pieicing scream, a wild and terrible cry- that the day of judgment had arrived, that the forecastle was full of rats who would eat them all up, so .that when the trumpet sounded no man would be able to appear save in the form of a rat, which would result in his utter perdition ! — shrieking which, the second of the three in sensible men shot from his bunk, fled on deck, and jumped overboard. It was not known that he had done this until search had been made for him, and the captain, fearing the loss oi another man from a similar cause, gave orders that the third fellow, lying still motionless in his bunk right forward, "should be leit undisturbed, that nature might bring him to in her own way. It was ot eight hells in the first watch the nest night that the men going below to turn in smelt an evil stnclL A grim old salt sniffing around exclaimed that some of the rats, which the fellow had yelled out about on the previous night, must have died of fright at his cry and gone bad. Pugh ! what was it? All hands fell to sniff-snuffing. Was there anything wrong with the cargo in the forehold ? "Here's the. cause of it, mates," suddenly- exclaimed one of the sailors, going to the bunk in which the third man by insensible, and pluck ing ihe fallow's arm from under the blanket, he lifted and let it fall, when it swung up and down like a pump handle. " Dead," be cried, "or my eyes ain't mates." The rest of thern came pushing together to look. To enable them to see one of them struck a Inciter match and held the flame closely to the dead man's face, whereupon a thin vein of greenish fire spouted out of the lips of the corpse, and in a breath the whole of bis face was acrawl with lambent spirituous flames. Instantly the fellow who held the match let it drop with a cry. The sight of the burning body- amid the gloom lying heavy- in that part of the forecastle was inexpressibly terrible. For a minute the seamen lookwd on and then fled, ntteriug. cries of honor. The uproar attracted" the attention of ihe mate, who came forward halloing to know what the noise was about. He was told that there was the dead body of a sailor burning in the forecastle. "Burning!" he exclaimed scornfully, and entered the place, followed br two or three of the men, but on catching sight of the figure hiraiuous with the flames, whose lustre exhibited the pinched and gaping features of the corpse just as one might witness objects floating on the surface of burning brandy, 1 he came to a stand, giant as he was, with a groan of horror. The delicate creeping of the taint blue flames made the dreadful face secra to be grinning at the ship's side at which it stared, with a struggle of the drawn lips to gibber out a fancy that should coi respond with the look in that horrible counte nance. The mate rallied. "This must be cleared out, " cried hot " lend us a hand here." They smothered the body in a blanket, carried it on deck and hove it overboard. In due course the ship arrived at Liverpool. The impression that had been created by this tragic incident anon the sailors had long before faded off their rccklers, easy-going minds. It was' then the practioe of" American vessels to board their crews out while lying at Liver pool, and the men of this particular, ship, in talking of ihe voyage with the strangers they- met, mentioned the affair of the sailor catching fire and slowly burning up out of the spirituous leakage of his pores. In this way the story got abroad, bat iu those days there were much darker wonders than this happening on board ship, and the hideous incident apparently gained but little attention. This vessel", having discharged her cargo, headed for a South American port. Shortly before she sailed three of her old crew deserted, and their places were supplied by new men. One of these fellows, on hear ing the story of the burning sailor, declared that, had he known such a thing had happened aboard the vessel, he would never have shipped in her. He told several stories of haunted ships, and exhibited so much uneasiness when below in ihc forecastle at night tha; liis fours begot a like alarm among the otheis,Tn spite of the early impression being almost effaced. One night this fellow, who was -at "the wheel, called to the second mate, who had returned to the quarter-deck from forward, and said that he had seen the figure of a man, shining like phosphorescent-, fvater, come up out of the companion .haffih -and walk overboard. The second mate", ailean, yellow Yankee, hove a curse at hlin for carrying more eyes' in his head than he hiul need of, bat the man's earnestness, nevertheless, had produced an effect, and the officer presently looked down the skylight, 'then entered the cabin, then returned and hurig about the wheel with a certain uneasiness iu his manner. However, the sailor reported the spectre to his mates when he got forward.. He described the apparition very graphically— re presented it as a yellow haired man in a check shirt and dungaree trousers, his breast hare and on fire, his features thin, a yellow goatee on his chin, and his lean and ghastly countenance grinning and . writhing, as it were, to the creeping of the pals' blue flames. The sailors recognised the likeness at once ; their uneasiness was deepened. They hung about in couples during the night watches, and it came to their always going aloft in twos — for sucli light work, I mean, as loosing a royal or topgallant sail. This went on till the ahip- was in the tropics, by which time the super stitious sailor bad ended in persuading most of the men that the vessel was haunted by the luminous ghost of the burning bodv they bad hove overboard. One night was very qniet and dark, a men fanning of air blowing over the ta (Trail, the stars few and making nn light, and the ocean spreading into the blackness of the horizon dark and'im- gleaming as polished ebony. It was seven belli ' — 1L30 o'clock in the first watch. The second mate was in charge of the deck, and was stump ing the planks by- the gangway, while the cap tain, who had come up for the cool of the night half an hour before, stood near the binnacle smoking a cigar. All on a , sudden a most unearthly shriek sounded forward. The men who were nodding about the decks sprang .to their feet the cry was repeated ; a wild, most car-piercing note of torment and ter ror, and a moment after' there was a rush of figures out of the forecastle— the whole of the watch below, in fact, who streamed out like a troop of lunatics suddenly enlarged. IVliat was it? Some of them gasped out that the crimp's J dead man was sitting all on fire in his hunk in the bows. It was he that had uttered the terrible cry ; and at sight of the soul- subduing apparition the stoutest had bun- 1 died out of their beds and belted. The I cap una called to tiic second mate to | accompany him forward to view the spec- I tre ; but ere the couple had progressed a i dozen pace3 the figure of a man naked | to the waist, his breast, arins and face shining - like a corposant, rose out of the hatch in the forecastle deck, and walking, or rather floatin", as it seemed, to the fore riggiuc, mourned the shrouus. The sight was stupefying. Cap tain and second mate came to a halt -as though blasted by a stroke of lightning, and there they stood, with the rest of the shin's company, staring with open mouth and glistening brows, amidst a deep silence, a: the luminous figure that rose fiom ratline to ratline as though it soared. Presently, climbing over the futtock shrouds, where, as the spectral thing lay backward to the angle of the irons, it showed against the blackness a most clearly limned configuration of the upper half of a human shape, as though ' drawn with a brush dipped in phosphorus, it gained the top, as the platform at the head of the lower mast is called, and disappeared. That this was the ghost of the crimp's dead seaman no living man aboard that ship, from the captain down to the youngest boy, could for an instant doubt. The master and mates shared the terrors of the men; the seamen refused to occupy the forecastle, and the watch off duty- was allowed to lie in the state cabin at night. The sailors were almost too frightened to do the necessary ship's work, and from the date of the apparition the master regularly kept the vessel under small canvas after sundown to lighten the obligation of going aloft during the darkness. On their arrival at Pao the whole of ihe crew deserted, and both mates followed in their tail, swearing that nothing should cverpre- vailupon them to sail in company with the den!, "Whether ihe captain managed to obtain a fresh crew I do not know. It was long before the true story of the apparition of the burning sailer was made known, and then it teas de livered as an hospital yarn related by a sailor lying sick and dying of consumption. He said that he was one of the three fresh hands that had been shipped to Liverpool. He had heard all about the crimp's dead sailor before he had joined the vessel, and made up Ids mind to play a wild practical joke. He provide him. , self with a quantity of phosphorus, and, grasp- ing the double opportunity of the warm weather and of his mates snoring in their bunks; he stripped to the waist, coated hi« chest and face and arms with the luminous stuff, and seating himself in the bunk that had been occupied by the dead man he uttered the terrifying howf which ha-J been heard on the quarter'deck, satisfied bv the state of mind to wliich be had reduced his mates by his previous talk that in no way could be be tier summon the sleepers to awaken to the spectacle he had prepared for them. He Lad . reckoned upon their flight, and having emptied the forecastle he mounted through the scuttle and ascended the rigging to the top, where he had placed his shirt and cap. By dressing him sell he concealed his glittering gHn and then very swiftly he descended to the deck hand ovei hand by the foretopsail or some such gear before the mast there, whence he sneaked unobserved into the port forechains, where he lingered till he had cleansed himself of his fiery appearance.- - The general consternation bad Seen so great that no one noticed his absence, while all eyes being directed aloft his passage across the deck to the channels had been unobserved. But long before his confection was made it had been discovered that the fellow whom the crimp at New York had smuggled aboard as a ds nxd:t?a man was dead when he was brought to the sLh> ; that the crimp knew he was dead, and the: Lis object in conveying the corpse to the vessel was to obtain the sailors advance. 