I New Year's Eve in Balmain. S A LARRIKIN LEVEE AND A CON I STABULARY CIRCUS. Now Yoar's Evo pnascd oil very quiotly, ovon moro quiotly tliun an ordinary Satur day night, Tho disastrous metoorological rosults of tho provious holiday had ratlior takon tho starch out of peoplo, and tho result was an nspoct genorally of quiot choorfubioss rathor than loud hilarity. The cusomary grootings of tho sonson wore passed around, tho oxprossion of ' Happy New Year' boing qualified with a sort of ' don't - you - wish - you - may-get- it' tono broathing hope rather than oxpoctntion. Wlm ofrnnffl wArn iloRnrfWl ftffnr 1 1 nV.lnplc. and thoso who saw tho old year out did so presumably in domestic quiotudo. At mid night a few fooblo efforts, rathor lacking in heartinoss, in tho way of spasmodic horns and short-lived bonfires intimated that tho groat Centonial Yoar had begun to any who wero wido awako enough to feel in toroetod in tho subject. What might have proved a littlo bit of oxcitomont about 2 a.m. on Sunday was nipped in the bud by tho watchfulness of tho police. Tho two rival corps of larrikins who divido tho borough bo weon thorn wero 'spoiling for a fight,' and tho customary preliminaries of insult and provocationliaving beon arranged, oneorowd wero rushing ap Mullens-street to storm tlio position of tho enomy posted in forco on Bcattio-street, when they wore checkod by a Hank movomont of an unoxpoctod do taehment of two stalwart constablos who had boon watching proceedings from a sheltered cornor, who trippod up a couplo, over whom fell about a dozeu who wpro rushing to tho charge, and in tho confusion resulting from tho disoutanglomont of tho resulting chaos of larrikin arms, logs, &c;„ tho would bo contending forcos molted away liko ghosts at dawn, and peaco roignod sorono for the rest of tho night, only disturbod by tho siege and sack of a noted pio-shop in central Balmain, about ?1 a.m, by a scouting party, who woro soon dissolved by tho opportuno appoaranco of tho boys in blue. This final triumph of law and ordor over lawlessness was tho last flicker of oxcitoment which onlivonod the dawn of the now year. 