THE FATAL THREE; A NOVEL. BY M. E. BEADDON. Author of "Lady Audley'e Secret," "Vixen, '1 Iehmael," " Like and Unlike," dec., &c.; BOOK III. — ATBOPOS—OR THAT WHICH MUST BE. CHAPTER V. The house and grounds were in such per fect order that there was very little to be done in the way of preparation for the honeymoon visitors. Even the pianos had been periodically tuned and the clocks had been regularly wound. Two or three ser vants would have to be engaged for the Seriod and that was all, and even this Mrs. >awson proposed to supply withont going off the premises. The housemaid had a sister who was an accomplished parlour-maid and carver. The under-gardener's eldest daughter was pining for a preliminary canter in the kitchen, and the gardener's wife was a retired cook and would be delighted to take all the rougher part of the cooking while Mrs. Daw son devoted her art to those pretty tiny kickshaws in which she exoelled. There were peaoheB ripening in the peach-house, and the apricots were going to be. a show. There was wine in the cellar that wonld have satisfied an alderman on his honey moon. Mildred's business at the Ball was mingled with pain, yet happier there than she oould have been anywhere else in the world, she thought. The chief gardener rowed her about the river—never going very far from home, but meandering about the summer stream, by ia summery meadows and reedy eyota, ana sometimes diverging into a tributary stream where the Bhallow water seemed an exouse for wild flowers. He had rowed her np and down those same streams when she was a child with streaming hair and he was the tinder-gardener. Be had rowed her about ia that brief summer season when Fay was her companion. She revisited all those spots in whioh the had wandered with her lover. She would land here or there along the island, and as she remembered each particular objeot in the landscape her feet seemed to grow light again with the lightness of joyons yonth as they touched the familiar shore. It was almoBt as if her yonth eame back to her. Thus it was that ehe lingered from day to day, loth to leave the beloved plaoe. She wrote frankly to her aunt, saying how muoh good the change of air and scene had done her, and promising to return to Brighton in a few days. She felt that it was her duty to resume her plaoe beside that fading exist ence, and yet it was an infinite relief to her to escape from that dull grey honse and the dull grey life. She acknowledged to herself that her aunt'e life was a good life, f nil oi un selfish work and large charity, and yet there was something which repelled her even while ehe admired. It was too much like a life lived up to a certain model, adjusted line by line to a oarefully-studied plan. There was a lack of spontaneity, a sense of perpBtual effort. The benevolence which bad made Enderby village like one family in the sweet time that was gone had been of a very diffe rent character. There had been the warmth of love and sympathy in every kindness oi George Greswold's, and there had been infi nite pity for wrongdoers. Miss Fanssefs almsgiving was after the fashion of the Pharisee of old; and it was upon the amount given that she held herself justified before God, not upon the manner of giving. In those quiet days spent alone in her old home Mildred had chosen to occupy her father's study rather than the large, bright drawing-room. The smaller room was more completely associated with her father. It waB here—seated in this ohair before the writing-table, where she was sitting now— that he had first talked to her of George Greawold and had disonssed her future life with her, questioning his motherless girl with more than a father's tenderness abont the promptingB of her own heart. She loved the room and all that it oontained for the sake of the cherished hondB that had tonohed these things and the gentle life that had been lived here. There had been bnt one end in i;rn au ctA_ " He ought not to have 8ent her away," she thought. " He saw us happy together— hie two daughters—and he ought not to have divided ue and sent her away to a loveless life among strangers. If he had only been frank and straightforward with my mother she might have forgiven all." Might perhaps? Mildred was not sure upon that point, but she felt very sure that it waB her father's duty to have braved all consequences rather than to have sent his unacknowledged child into exile. That fact of not acknowledging her seemed in itself suoh a tremendous cruelty that it intensified every lesser wrong. Mrs. Dawson understood her mistress's fancy for her father's room; and Mildred's meals were served here at a Sutherland table in the bay window, from which she could see the boats go by, Mrs. Dawson having a profound belief in the efficacy of the boats as a cure for low spirits. " People sometimes tell me it must be dull at the Hook," she said; " but, lor, they don't know how many boats go by in summer time—it's almost aB gay as Bond-street. Mildred lived with old memories in the flower - scented room, where the Spanish blinds made a cool and shadowy atmosphere while the roses outside were steeped in sun shine, Those few days were just the most perfect summer days of the year. She felt sorry that they had not been reserved for Pamela's honeymoon. Such sunshine was almost wasted on her, whose heart was so full of sadneBs. It was her laBt afternoon at the Hook, or the afternoon whioh she meant to be her last, having made up her mind to go back to Brighton and dnty on the following day; and she had a task before her—a task which she had delayed from day to day juat as ehe had delayed her retarn to her aunt. She had to put away those speoial and par ticular obiecte wbioh had belonged to her fatherand mother and had been a part of their lives, These were too sacred to be left about now that strangers were to occupy the rooms of the dead. Hitherto no stranger had entered those rooms since John Faueset's death—nothing had been removed or altered. No documents relating to property or busi ness of any kind had been kept at the Hook. Mr. Fausset'a affairs had all been put in per fect order after his wife's death, and there had been no ransacking for miBBing title deeds or papers of any hind. It had been understood that all papers and letters of im portance were either with Mr. Fausset's soli citors or at the honse in Parohment-street, and thus the household gods had been undis turbed in the summer retreat by the river. Mildred had spent the morning in her mother's rooms putting away all those dainty trifles and prettinesses which had gathered round the frivolous, luxurious life, as shells and bright-coloured weeds gather among the low rocks on the edge of the sea. She bad placed everything carefully in a large closet in her mother's dressing-room covered with much tissue paper secure from duBt and moth, and now she began the same kind of work in her father's room—the work of removing all those objects which had been especially his. The old-fashioned Bilver ink stand, tbe well-worn scarlet morocco blot ting-hook with his crest on the cover and many ink-spots on the leather lining inside, his penholders and penknives, and a little velvet penwhiper whioh she had made for him when Bhe was ten years old, and whioh he had kept on his table ever afterwards. She look round the room thonghtfnlly for a plaoe of seenrity for these treasures. She had spent a good deal of time in rearranging her father's books, which careful and con scientious dusting had reduoed to a ohaotlc condition. How every volume was in its place, just as he had kept them iu the old days when it had been her delight to examine the sbelveB and to carry away a book of her father's choosing. The bookcases were by Chippendale, with fretwork cornices and mahogany panelling. The lower part was devoted to cupboards, whioh her father had always kept under lock and key, -but whioh- she supposed to contain only old magazines, pamphlets, and newspapers, part of that vast mass of Ute ratnre which is kept with a view to being looked at some day, and whioh finally drifts unread to the bonrne of all waste paper and is' ground to pulp again and rolls over the endless web again and comes back upon the world printed with more intellectual food for the millions of skippers and skimmers. Yes, one of those mahogany pannelled cup hoards would serve Mildred's purpose ad mirably. She selected a key from one of tbe benches in her keybox and opened the cupboard nearest the door. It was packed tight with army lists, new monthly magazines, and Edinburgh Reviews, packed so well that there was soarcely an in terstice that would hold a pin. She opened the next cnpboard — sporting magazines, Blackwood, Ainsworth, and a pile of pam phlets; no room there. She opened the third, and found it much more loosely paoked with odd newspapers and old Prayer-books and Bibles—shabby, old-fashioned books whioh had served for the religious exercises of several generations of Fausaets and had been piously preserved by the owner of tbe Book. There was room here, perhaps, for the things in the writing table if all these books ana papers were re arranged. Mildred began her work patiently; she was in no hurry to have done with her task—it brought her nearer to her beloved dead. She worked slowly, dreamily almost, her thoughts dwelling on the days that were gone. She took out the Prayer-books and Bibles one by one, looking at a flyleaf now and then. John Fausset, from hiB loving mother, on the day of his confirmation, June 17,1835 " Luoy Jane Faueset, with her sister Maria's love, April 3, 1804" Mark Fausset, in memory of little Charlie, December 1, 1807," Such inscriptions as theBe touohed her, with their reminiscences of vanished affection, of hesrtB long mingled with the duBt. She pnt the books on one side in a little pile on the oarpet ae she knelt before the open cupboard, and then she began to move the loose litter of newspapers. The Morning Herald, the Chronicle, the Sun—even these were of the dead. The cupboard held much more than she had expected. Behind the newspapers there were two rows of pigeon-holes—twenty-six in all—filled ohoke full, some of them, with letters folded longwise in a thoroughly busi ness-like manner. Old letters—old histories of the family heart and mind—how much they told to stir the chords of joy and pain ! Mildred's hand trembled as she stretoned it out to take one of those letters idly, f all of morbid ouri ceity about those relicB of a past life. She never knew whether it had been deli beration or hazard whioh gnided her hand to the sixth pigeon-hole; but she thought after wards that her eye must have been oaught by a bit of red ribbon—a spot of bright colour— and that her hand followed her eye mechani cally. However this may have been, the first thing that she took from the mass of divers correspondence in the twenty-six pigeon-holes was a paoket of about twenty letters tied with a red ribbon. Each letter was carefnlly endorsed 'M.F.' and a date. Some were on foreign paper, others on thick gilt-edged note. A glance at the uppermost letter showed her a familiar handwriting—her aunt's, bat very different from Miss FausBet's present precise penman ship. The writing here was more hurried and irregular, bolder, larger, and more indi cative of impulse and emotion. No thought of possible wrong to her aunt entered Mildred's mind as she untied the ribbon, seated herself in a low chair in front of the bookcase with the letters loose in her lap. What secrets could there be in a girl's letters to her elder brother whioh the brother's daughter might not read nearly forty years after they were written ? What aould there be in that yellow paper, in that faded ink, except the pale dim ghosts of vanished fan cies and thoughts whioh the thinker had long outlived? "I wonder whether my annt would like to read these old letters," mused Mildred—" it would be like oalling up her own ghost. She must have almost forgotten what she was like when she wrote them." The first letter was from Milan, full of enthusiasm about the Cathedral and the Con servatoire, fuii of sohemes for work. She was practising six hours a day and taking nine lessons a week—four for piano, two for singing, three for harmony. She was in high spirits and delighted with her life. "I should praotise eight hoars a day if Mrs. Holmby would let me," she wrote," but she won't; she says it would be too mueh for my health. I believe it is only beoause my piano annoys her. 1 get up at 5 on these summer mornings, and practise from G to half-past 8; then coffee and rolls and off to the Conservatoire; then a drive with Mrs. Holmby, who ib too lazy to walk much, and then lunch. After lunoh vespers at the Cathedral, and then two hours at the piano before dinner. An hour and a half between dinner and tea, which we take at 9. Sometimes one of Mrs. Holmby's friends drops in to tea. You needn't be afraid; the men are all elderly and not particu larly clean. They take snuff, and their complexions are like mahogany; bnt there is one old man, with bristly grey hair standing out all over his head like a brush, who plays the 'cello divinely, and who reminds me o! Beethoven. 1 am learn ing the Sonate Pathique, and I play Baoh's l>ieiuuen uou mguca iwu uuure » uay. vv o went to La Scala the night before last; bnt I was disappointed to find they were playing a trumpery modem opera by a Milanese com poser who is all the rage here." Two or three letters followed, all in the eame strain, and then oame a sign of discon tent. "I have no donbt Mrs. Holmbv is a highly respectable person, and I am sure yon acted for the best when you ohose her for my ohape rone, but she is a lump of prejudice. She ob jects to the Cathedral. ' We are fnlly justi fied In making ourselves familiar with its architectural beauties,' Bhe said in her pedantic way; ' but to attend the services of that benighted Church is to worship in the groves of Baal.' I told her that I had fonnd neither groves nor idolB in that magnificent church, and that the music I heard there was the only pleasure which reoonoiled me to the utter duuesa of my life at Milan—1 was going to say my life with ber, but thought it better to be polite, as I am quite in her power till yen come to fetoh me. " Don't think that I am tired of the Con servatoire after teasing yon so to let me come here, or even that I am nomesiok. I am only tired of Mrs. Holmby, and I daresay after all she is no worse than any other chaperons would be. As for the Conservatoire 1 adore it, and I feel that x am making rapid strides in my musical education. My master is pleased with my playing of the Pathetiqne, and I am to take the Eroica next. What a privilege it is to know Beethoven I He seems to me now like a familiar friend. I have been reading a memoir of him. What a sad life! —what a glorious legaoy he leaves the world whioh treated him so badly! "I play Diabelli's Exeroises for an hoar and a half every morning before I look at any other music." 