OUR PARIS LETTER. Frost Our Correspondknt. PARIS, 14m JULY. When Gambetta decreed the 14th of July as "the day wo celebrate," for tho Republic, thero was an outburst of gush. Somo years later, tho novelty wore away, and tho national holiday from gush descended to enthusiasm. As in the lowest depths there is a deeper still, both gush and enthusiasm havo now sunk to official uni formity and independent — indifference. Even the " Amiable Faubourgs," as Louis Phillipe called the artisans' quarters, are not only behind time in hanging banners on the outer walls— formerly ten days in advance they displayed tricolor, in order to be punctual by the four teenth — but tho street or ward committees next to cease to collect the smallest contribu tions, to subsidise fiddlers for free dancings on the sanded paving stones, to erect triumphal arches in Venetian lamps and evergrecus and stand free and big drinks to anti-hydropots, and those who swear by Noah as tho patriarch of topers. Soul seems to be wanting in the festival; there is a kind of invisible wet blanket on honest, loyal and humble republican joys. How is this ? The feeling, the sentiment is general, that the Republic has not yielded, or has been prevented from yielding, all tho cakes and ale tho working classes expected. Each )ear added to tlio age of the Third Republic brings them moro taxes, less earnings and diminished confidence. Liko Saturn, the present constitution ha3 devoured its offspring. It only produced two emi nent men— Gambetta and Jules Ferry, The former, the extreme Republicans destroyed; they battered his roputation and then broke his IIWMfc, VII I vho gliVVO upuued tcuir lot him. Jules Ferry lias been utilised as a bug-a-boo name to silcnco persistent rebellions in nurseries and cut short there any attempts' at the preco cious exercise of the rights of man. All other front men have been politically pumped dry, or they have become impossible from the lvmary character of their programmes, the intensity of their jealousies and the ironclad character of their intolerance. Tho race of republican giants : is extinct in France ; the last has been interred at Nice. If Bismarck had kept in tho shade since the death of ICaiscr William L, ho is making up for his temporary eclipse ponding the deathbed reign of Frederick III. No rumor is too absurd, or too extraordinary, to circulate or to hatch respecting fclie projects of the Chancellor and his campaign to conquer the friendship or utilise his influence of tho Czar. The very fact of any meeting of tho two emperors cannot be intended to assure Austria and Italy and to be agreeable to France. It must give umbrage to the first two, and rouse suspicion with the third. We cannot serve God and Mammon; and there is not much room for variety in the gymnastic feat of sitting between two stools. Russia and Germany, if they mean mutual help, also mean no unsentimental work. Prussians have Sile- sias on the brain, and Russians Con- stantinoples, and neither peoples have ever displayed the slightest scruples to brook obstacles when the periodical paroxysm sets in for land-grabbing and rounding off ooundaries. Naturally, neither empire likes war, no more than bellicose peopjo covet cracked head3. But if the danger be less than the recompense, the risk will be run. Is a holy alliance between two empires capable of dictating, inveigling or blindfolding what remains of liberalism in Europe ? In other words, havo modern States sufficient brute force to roll back an attack from united feudalism? The unknown quantity x may reside there, a3 well as beneath other hypo theses. The State that is rich, that puts civilisation in the cupboard and that arms well, scien tifically and above all extensively, has the odds of being able to struggle forlife. Tho minnows aro arming to tho teeth for self-protection, as are tho Tritons for mutual destruction. It is the pace that kills. The financial, and which is gradually becoming the deciding, factor is every day becoming more omnipotent and more eloquent. It cracks and etrains tho back bones of Austria, Italy, Russia and " France ; less so Germany, because she makes war, liko her other manufactures, cheaply ; and England, be cause she has a Bonanza back ground. All tho difficulty, tho confusion, the incapacity, the childish heedlessness, and tho iufantilo per versities of homo Franco may bo traced in a bee-line to tho seismic condition of her finances. Ministers of finance fly that subject as if a Bluo Beard's chamber. No one volunteers to enter into that labyrinth, either with or without an Ariadne's thread. The Dr. and Cr. account of tho nation has been balanced, but tho goblin sheet is held back. The deficit is roundly estimated at two milliards, and no Spartan can bo fouud to lay baro tho fact, and then disappear in a Curtius Gulf. Before France snaps the concordat, sho ought to solicit His Holiness to break the news to tax payers ; even Atheists, Materialists, and other nothing-at-all-ists, would in the end vote a resolution of grateful thanks to the Holy Father. Two milliards must bo raised by a loan, and that to tako up tlio extensive national kite flying, known as Treasury Bills ; to pay interest on side aud shift-make borrowings ; to recoup the moneys of the savings' banks, and annuitants' funds utilised for harlequin .State wants, aud to crush, by consolidating, tho extraordinary with the ordinary budget. It is in the former that the glory expenditure is con cealed. A loan of two milliards would mean an addition of botween60,000,000f. aud70,000,000 f. annually to the taxation. At present the budgets never balance under a deficit of 40,000,000 to 100,000,000. 'Whore is the money even then to bo got to mc-et yearly payments, as the revenue does not cover expenditure 2 That is where tho danger and tho weak link reside. France cannot reduce her armamonts ; she can not meet her annual liabilities save by loans. How long can the ganio of burning tho candle at both ends be kept up ? The secret lies in the three-hair covered skull of Prince Bismarck. The JEsculapian dispute between "Sir Mac kenzie" and the coalesced German Galicns, does not excite marked attention. First, it is said, Bismarck has started that hare to draw off attention from his piece de resistance — bird- liming the Czar. The coarseness of the doctors' reflections on Mackenzie ; the parti pris to try and crush him with diatribe ; the meaifness of the charges ; tlio absence of all chivalry ; and the ex cathedra or syllabusic assumption that they alone possessed tho perfect cure, by cut ting out the insido of the late Emperor's throat — all these considerations havo turned opinion against tho accusers. Besides, every intelligent person knows that cancer is an affec tion of the blood ; slicing away a diseased por tion of the human frame in process of certain destruction to-day obliges recurrence to the scalpel before long, till nature mercifully cuts both the vocal and the vital cords. A cancer has no nationality, it is as pitiless for princes as for peasants, for aristocrats as for democrats, for old or young Tories as for Anar chists or Nihilists. Thero are two means, not for curing, but for alleviating cancer : the knife and medicaments. Which could allow tho martyr-Emperor the greater number of counted days to live ? Mackenzie has kept him alive from May, 1887, to June, 1888. Bcrgmaun, by extracting the larynx in that May, might have placedthe Kronprinz beyond all surgery, as in trying to prolong life he might equally 1 well have out it short. Doctors sneer at old ; women's cures ; but they do not repu diate old women's quarrels. Tho German doctors represented a politic party that wished to keep Frederick III. from as cending the throne. Mackenzie secured that last eartliiy honor for his Majesty, and tho only recompense that tho world could bestow ou his heroic wife. Wero Mackenzie not tongue-tied, he would give us liis version of tho 14 months' tragedy. Ho kept at all events hi& Majesty alive for 14 months with a canccrous-dcvourod throat ; tho Germans proudly assume they might have kept him alive, but with the chance of immediate death, for 14 months and a day, by saving naturo the trouble of making the same hole inside the patient's throat. Requiescat in pace may well be inscribed on Frederick's tomb, though such Hie jacei literature is rarely to be encountered on tho sepulchres of royal sinners. The Oranibns Company of Paris is at logger heads since some timo with tho municipal council and the Government. They were always hereditary foes for Parisians. Tlio com pany is bound by contract to establish new lines to meet public wants, whero indicated by tho municipality. They decline to execute thatckiuse, alleging that the new lines would ruin them, as only the half of the existiug lines are .remunerative. Rumor saya tho company is so poorthat they aro trying to keep aliveond fatten, their horses on a part ration of " sawdust." A month is given the company to decide if they then refuse, the municipal council will seize their plant. The Prefect do Police has only to allow new companies to start buses, and there would be no more difficulty. Only all new companies would be bought up by the big mono poly. ' M. Floquet is tasting, not the sweets, but the bitters, of office. Ho haa counted too much on his popularly credited pluck, and so lias proved rash. The Cointo de Paris, suffering from tho cac&thcs; scribcndi, which generally is developed in golden exiles, experienced tho want to relieve his mind of some secrets for making Franco, what she really is not at this moment, happy. And the secret was, tho promise to give 22,000 out of tho 36,000 mayors of the country what they actually possess, tho right to bo elected by tho local council, and to harpoon tax payers. The printed circular was put in a closed envelope and dropped, stamped, into the letter box. But it was only the walking into my parlor, as tho spider said to the fly; the police seized all tho letters. The Empires never attempted such a high-handed act, nor even did the royalties. It was reserved for tho Republic— and tho third one too — and on tho evcofthelettingoff of squibs and burning blue lights and fizzing Catherine wheels in honor of 1789, to demolish all sump- tuary laws and personal Government Liberty haa been thus mado to blush, and by M. Floquet, too, who was considered to be tho guardian angel of that democratic virtuo and palladium of civic right. The act cannot bo excused. The strange part of the affair resides in the fact that not ono of the 560 deputies, plus the 300 seuators, has over domanded an explanation. But when some other dvnastv comes into power what a precedent it will havo to put republicans on short commons of liberty. Boulanger has effected a revolution in his programme; he has effected a revolution in tho Chamber of Deputies by telling his colleagues they wero all politically dead men, and tho soonor they disappeared and were no more seen the better. Naturally that was not the honey to catch legislators, many — perhaps the majority— of whom havo not the ghost of a chance .to be re-elcctcd. Boulanger had just returned from orating in Bretagne, his province, and ho had been ban- qucttcd at Rcunes, which is his native city. Beyond doubt he received a ccad mille fuilthc wherever ho appeared. . This must have been particularly annoyjng to his enemies, and espe cially to M. Floquet, who boasted to have laid Boulangism. On the General arriving at tho Chamber on Thursday last ho demanded permission to submit his second request, as dictated by his electors, tho dissolution of the Chamber. Some weeks ago he laid ou the tabic a project for tho revision of the Constitution, which also was rejected. He wound up by handing in his resignation as deputy, tho better to stump every constituency and poll it in his name as the embodiment of his two reforms. His tactics in this respect are not considered sound, as rejiublicans claim to deal only with prmoiples or measures, not names. The whole republican party was against him to a man, and last, not least, the Speaker. M. Floquet rose to reply, but made a very unhappy speech, full of personalities, addressed to Boulanger. The latter called him " an impudent liar "—hence tho duel. Floquct's seconds were Messrs. Clemenceau and Pcrrin, both experienced duellists— hence no blundering could occur. Boulauger's were Messrs. Laissant and L'Henire, ex-officers and also experienced hands. The duel came off in tho beautiful grounds of Comte Dillou's Castle, near the city fortifications. The Comte is the General's bosom friond and director of tho French and New York Telegraph Company, whioh works in with tho Mackay-Bcnnett wire. Tho duel was almost a public affair ; tho public crowded outside the railings, but could not Bee, owing to the trees. The chief of the detectives, M. Graynon, was a looker on. After three "rounds," whero each antagonist fought furiously, and where the master of arms had difficulty in keeping within the laws of duelling, Boulanger received a profound neck wound, which stopped the combat. At the moment of writing ho lies dangerously wounded, and his medical attendant, the famous surgeon, Lobbc, declines to pronounce on his recovery, indeed the excitement is very high, and the worst is apprehended. In any case the duel will only intensify the divisions in the republican ranks— the last thing to be desired, and will likely be fraught with serious consequences for the destinies of the Republic. The fault is to be attributed to tho&e; who created Boulangism, notably the Minister Tirard, who forced Boulanger out of the army. The salon has closed, after, on the whole, a very fair amount of support Not a bad test of its succees is the fact that artists got a great many of their pictures off their hands, and at good prices. Those paiutings true to nature, and characterised by careful drawing, were in most demand. An Aus tralian, Mr. Edward Combes, delegate commissioner from New South "Wales, to examine and report upon technical education in England aud on the Continent, exhibited a pretty landscape that was much admired not alone from its subject, but due to its in trinsic artistic merits— Le Firousse. It was a sketch of tho spot in Botany Bay where the celebrated French circumnavigator in 1788 lost touched before being shipwrecked. The paiuting was thus full of melancholy interest for the French, and no wonder the Geographical Society of France, whose president is M. de Lesseps, is in treaty to possess the work. Mr. Combes haa shown in his picture that he possesses the feeling, as well as tho eye, of a true artist, in full sympathy with his subject. The scenery is attractive and well seized ; the drawing most studied, and tho coloring soft and tenderly rich. Gambetta's statue in the grounds of the Tuillerics has just been inaugurated with marked Ccldt. Each arm of tho mili tary service was represented in full uniform and marched past, saluting tho superb monu ment. It was as a " patriot" Gambetta was honored, and it is as a patriot posterity will not let hie memory die. About 10,000 persons were present. M. Carnot presided. Tho ceremony was, however, shaded by the duel that morning between Floquet and Boulanger; it was the note of discord where all was to be har mony. M. Floquet was present, too, and received congratulations on his " victory." Many enthusiasts examined his scratches. Per haps it would have been in. better taste had ho remained away. 