ECHOES OF THE BAY. FROM OUR BOYS AT HOME, After n long interval wo are at lust in jjobscs. sion of particulars concerning Uio moro recent doing of "Our Boy«,"und it clearly show that iu cricket, ns in most other thing, tlio un- expected is tho most likely to happen, For in stance, both Lancashire and Notts defeated thu Austrnlinuu in tlio malche against these counties ; but when the be/it men of the two teams wero combinod nt) a North of England Eleven tlio Australians soundly thrashed them. Then against a weak county liko Leicestershire the Australians failed moat igmbly, and wero beaten by 20 runs, only to follow with a one-inning defeat of Doruyshire, and a truly scnsatinnnl perfonnauoo in tho re turn match against the Player, whom thoy also defeated with an enormous number of runs to spare. By the way, Renter describe this last match as being against an England Eleven, ntul in this wo fancy our generally reliable telegraphic friend orre. For tho 12th, 13th ami 14th of July thero was some talk of a match against the Gentlemen of Scotland at Edinburgh. Evidently, however, thi fell through, and not being satisfied with their previous defeat hy tho Player hy ton wickets, thn Australians would be eager to aveugo thoninulvoM, nnd would Jump nt tho clrnnco of encountering tliem once more, for no return match had been arranged iu tho programino. No doubt ad vantage was taken -to cry off with, the Caledonians and on with tlio professionals; and tho result lias Itoeu Ilia mo?£ brilliant and -sensational performance of tho whole tour, ns ' will be- /iron cu rcfcrcnco to our pable messages in another column, Mr Labouchero, M.P., owner and editor of Truth, a London society paper, U n tetchy little gentleman, with oxtrutnely radical Ideas, an over present consciuitunens of his own im portance, and a vory gemiiua'hatroduf colonial and all things appertaining to tho colonies. During tlio earlier career of tlio Australian cricketers in England, when they wero winning every match with ridiculous onto, Mr Labou- ; ' "i cheromaintaiiiedamotldlful silence regarding them in his paper. Once, however, they worn dc feared ho' deigned to notice tlu-m, and when tho Players beat Ilium by ten wickets ho con descendingly told them in hi best typo that they were perhaps very good 'cricketers— for colonials— and -might do iyry well :to amuse the counties but that it was really too ridiculous of thorn to sup pose they could havo a ghost of a show iu any of the representative matches they had so confidently inserted in their pro- praimn". no pointed to the result of thn first Player match iu Justification, and ended with a declaration that the AuhtnvlintiH were miser ably weak In batting, whioh the Player and the Gentlemen had both deinouBtrated ; that after ail there was nothing at nil deadly in thu much vaunted dolivcrio of Turner nnd Fcrrin. We shall bo curious to know what the eclf- important little perr.ouage, who represent Nottingham ns a colleague of Mr Bratllaugh, has to say now. It would have been wiso had ha maintained tho judicious silence with which ho treated tho successes of tlio Australians. At h-ast he would havo escaped placing him- self in a very absurd jKisitiou. The return match ha completely turned tho tables on hi m mid completely refuted his ridioulousassertiou. That the Australian can bat a bit, nt least nb limes, is shown by tlio fact toatoight of tlipm made double figure in their only innings, and this against the best professional bowling of England. Ah to tho bowling of Turner and Fqrris tlio Players eom to think, on thi occasion, that it ronlly is deadly, despitu the radical insertion of Mr -Labouchero to tlio contrary. Turner's nino wicket for 28 hi tlio ffrnt inning and Ferris' six wickets fur 35 in the second inning ought to convince oven a Labouchero; but wo do not oxpcct to find any admission of a mistake. Tlii brilliant victory of tlio Australians brings us appropriately to tho firat of the thrco great test matches to be played ngaiuub All England Eleven. This match wa fixed to tako pluco nt Lord' on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday of thi week, and but for tlio delay iu thu transmission of messages owing to the break in tho cable, wo should ere this havo been in possession of tho result of tho encounter. The Player' match may bo accepted a answering to tlio tinnl trial of n Melbourno Cup horeo prior to entering upon tho race. If thero la anything in trial, oithor in racing or cricket, then thn Australian entered thn arena on Monday "cherry ripe," as our turf friendir would write; and though they have a severe tank Hot them, thny tthotild, on last-week's per- forirmuccs, rundown good account of them- solve. Whatever may be Mr Labouchero' opinion, it is qu\to obvious .that English cricketers, who know something of the game thry play, do not hold tho (joloniuls - in such light estimation. Thi is clearly indicated by tho strength of thn team selected to represent England against them. It is \indi!ubtcd1y tho very strnngest team that could bo selected ut tho present moment, and under any circumstances tho only absentee tho critic could pub a finger ou after scanning tho list is Shrewsbury, who, a wo know, 1 m Australia, nnd therefore not available. Evi dently every effort bus bcon made to get to gether tho most powerful eleven possible. On tho other hand, the Au»tndian will have nb leant ono accession of farco. Wocds, who pluyed Against them iu somo of tho earlier mutches, but who is an Australian nativo going through hit) courao at tho Cambridge University, will, ou this occasion piny, with his countrymen, -and, as announced, will throw in hi lot v/itli them during tho .rest of their tour whouover he lis required. Tids is nn arrangement rendered necessary by' tlio -uufortuiute iilnras of Jones. It is fortunnto that tho Australians are able to obtain suclru worthy substitute. Wood hoa fihowu himself a splendid all-round cricketer, for lie has both batted aud bowled woll against tho Australians, and his 10 wlekota tor 70 runs in tho Gentlemen v Players match lasc wook shows that ho la in good form with tlio boll, and will bo a splendid fall back in tho -event of cither Turner or Ferris failing. Tho men to stand out will probably bo Bcleoted from Boyle, Edwards and Lynus, Jones, Ibelng as fni- a we know, still nnshlo to play. Altogctliur, thougiv tbo won derful all-round strength of h© English team oannot bs -denied,, w are by no means d<(pondfiut as .'to tho result.' England- has her sevca crack; bowlsrv, incdmiing two best amateur®, and thero is not a weak bat k the team, Still, Australia is now strong In bowling, and the men appear to bo In good batting form. We oxpeotto hear of an Interest ing gnmo, with nothing much to eparo on either aide. 