An Artist's Night of Terror. BY J. CRAWlURD Scor0z. . By profession I am a painter, and it was at the time when I was an enthusiastic stu dent of art that the adventure Which I am about to narrate befell me One autumn I was staying on the English side of the Bor der, in that "Debatable Land " which had formerly been the scene of so many bloody frays. Among my many ambitious projects of those days I had formed the- design of painting several pictures representing some of the best known scenes in the Waverley novels, and, just as their great author had done, I had left Edinburgh and made a raid in search of character. I must confess, how ever, that I was .only partially successful. I am conscious now that I lacked the imagination that is necessary for. the work I had undertaken. I had found, as I believed, the exact counterpart of Andrew' Fairser vice, but I had met with no Rob Roy, nor had I seen Diana Vernon. I had begun to think that romance was indeed far removed from reality, when fortune decreed'that' I should play a part in events not less strange than those I had met with in fiction. The. locality in which I was residing was' wild and bleak in the extreme.' The village' in' which I lodged consisted only of a few small houses, and the larger houses in this part of the country were few in number and far apart. I had formed one very pleasant acqaintuance in the person of an elderly gentleman of means, who lived about three miles off. His name was Hepburn, and he was both a landowner and a magistrate. Mr. Hepburn was a man of considerable culture and of much kindliness of heart, and learning that there was an artist staying in the village he called on me, and also invited me to his house. He was good enough to express his approval of my pictures, and, as. he proved to be an authority on the anti quarian subjects which I was studying, a friendship quickly sprung up between us. One night, when I was dining with Mr. Hepburn,-a storm, which had been threaten ing all day, began to break. The wind rose, the rain 'began to fall, and we could hear the growling of distant thunder. Mr. Hep burn proposed that I should remain -at'his house for the night and prolong a discus sion we had been holding, but as I did not wish to trespass further upon his hospi tality, and I .had some work which I wished to finish next morning, I thanked him and' rose to depart. : 1 had not gone very far from the house when I began to discover. that I had made a mistake in coming away, as it was 'so dark that I could not follow the moorland path, and the rain was de scending in torrents. I resolved, therefore to retrace my steps and take advantage of the kind offer made me by'my host. So I turned and, went .back in the direction of Mr. Hepburn's house. After walking some time, however, as I did not reach it; 'I was forced to0iome"to' the unwilling conclusion that I had lost my way. After, several vain attempts td dis'cover the'directidn i ' which the house lay, I set off across the' miooo in order to reach'the village, because, although I was no longer on the path, I believe' I' knew 'thilo~calityt o.f jhe houses sufficiently well to find them,'Whiien I'had bene'Wiilk ing for about, an hour I, found that I had completely ?wandered," and that' I had no idea whereI was, nor what direction I ought to take. ' The occasional flashes of light ning that for a moment dispelled the dark 'xneass did not serve to guide, but rather to confuse me. Had there been shelter of any kind I should .have remained in the same place till morning, but to remain stationary ' on the sodden ground while the rain was pelting and the wind buffeting me was im possible, although I was afraid of falling in to some hole 'or of stepping' into a' quag. When I: had been walking for nearly another hour a piece of good fortune, befell me-greater than I had hoped for.. I came to a turnpike road,'which witlh care it was. impossible to lose, and"by walkiiig along which I knewI! nnust eventually reach some house, or meet,someone. I had :not gone very far whthenthe first of these anticipations was fnulfilli,'aW:I 'came to an avenue leading off the roaddazid' by following'this'for 'about a quarter; of~ a' :mile I canie :to a ho0use of large size, which appeared looming through the darkness. : a As I looked: I saw dis tinctly a liglht moving fi'st ini one Window and. then' 'in 'another. ?'Nearly worn out with exposure and -fatigue,"I resolved 'to ask for shelter. .:Without . much difficulty I found:. the door'., and then I knocked. In the stilln;s'&";i f.~the night, or rather early morning, the'soimd reverberated as though the house' were empty. I waited' a little, but as no: one camel I knocked again, and, after a few minutes, a third time. No answer was given to my isummons.' I con cluded I wais denied admission. I chanced to look ujwards,' and at that moment the lightning,.which I thought had ceased, ap peared again, and' the flash revealed to me the head of a man, 'who was looking out of an open window:'only a few 'feet eabbve me. The light,-which'had enabledmine to see him had also, I suppose, made 'him aware of the fact that he had been observed, for, imme diately addressing me in a gruff voice, he said," What' do 'you want.here '?t this hour " '" I have been' wandering since ten o'clock on;the moors," I replied,' "and am almost wornout with fatigue and eixposure, so that I have been compelled to apply for shelter:" '" I'1 come down and let' you in," was the reply, spoken as it appeared to me in a less irritated tone. Presently I heard thesound of the door being unlocked, and then it was opened, just sufficiently wide to permit me to enter, and was quickly shut again. On looking at the man who had let me in, I concluded that he was a servant. He was about middle size, and wore a home spun suit ; his face was pale and intelligent, and he seemed a little over forty years of age. The: lamp which he carried gave only a feeble light, yet it enabled me to see that the hall was spacious, and adorned, as be came a large country mansion, with deer heads and other trophies of the chase. "It is seldom," he said, "that any one in my house is up at this hour, but I have some friends staying with me, and we have sat talking, forgetful how the time was passing." When I heard him call the house his own I glanced at him in surprise, because, although he seemed to be a man of somie education, neither by his-speech, manner, nor appear ance would I have supposed him to belong to the station which the owner of this stately residence must.undoubtedly hold. Bidding me follow, he led the way up a broad stair \- case, and then entered an apartment-which seemed to be used both as a picture gallery and a library. The room was much longer than it was broad, but how far it extended I could not see, owing to its size and the in adequate light. A candle was burning upon a table, at which were seated two men, both of whom were of a distinctly lower grade and coarser appearance than my conductor. One of them was a big, powerful-looking young fellow, and the other an oldish man. There were several bottles and glasses on the table, and my host poured out a glass of brandy, bidding me drink it, whichI did. Be then pointed to a' leather-covered arm- chair and bade me:be seated. I replied that II?was afraid myl wet clothes might damage the chair, at which ~the old manlaughed.comi cally, and badie me take the seat that was offered.me. I minde bno further objection, and was glad to rest at list. :I was a short distance from the' table, and the three who were seated byit began. to talk, in a low tone, so that I could not overhear what wias said. Inoticed that they.were all drinking freely. From words that iion aid' thiin reached me I believedithat I was the sualbject of their conversation. The young fellow made some proposal, to which the mari who had let me in'objected,and T heard the word " No ; we have had enough of that." When he himself made a counter-proposition it seemed to amuse the other two, as they both laughed, apparently giving their consent. Was it possible they were about to make me the subjest of a practical joke? My fatigue made me somewhat. regardless of their de-' signs, and I had almost begun to doze, when I was startled by hearing one of the most gruesome sounds that ever fell upon my ears. It was a groan, and I could compare it to nothing but the moan of some wounded man in his death agony. I started in alarm, and the three men sprang to their feet and looked at each other with expressions of fear. , Ap parently they were am ignorant of the cause of this noise as I was myself. There was ab- I solute silence for several minutes, while they gazed at each other with questioning looks, and then the same terrible sound was 'heard again, and was, if possible, more awe inspiring than before. The moan seemed to come from some apartment adjacent to that in which we were, and the wretch who had uttered it seemed to have breathed his last, as we heard nothing more. The men sat down again, filled their glasses, and began to converse in low tones. While they were thus engaged, a door, which I had not observed, opened at the end of: the gallery, and a tall figure entered shrouded in white. At first I felt no cause for alarm myself, though had I been alone there'would have been sufficient reason for me to be! afraid ; but .I have never seen abject fear more plainly depicted than it was at that moment on the faces of my three companions. At that unreasonable hour, in the large, dimly-lit 'room, while the por traits that hung upon ithe walla, seen through the gloom, seemed almost to be endowed with life, the apparition that was sldwly advanc ing towards us was sufficiently' terrifying, and I'began to participate in the dread which the others manifested. 'The figure was that of a tall, slender woman, whose right hand was stretched towards us in a warning at titude, while with her left she 'held part of her white drapery so as to conceal her face, an action which' served to intensify the grue someness of her appearance, as though it signified that there was still another source of terror in store for ui, or tfhat'she was hid ing what ~was' too terrible to be. revealed. After standing before' us for a few seconds she walked away in the opposite direction to that in which she had come, and with a final gesture of warning disappeared amid the darkness." When the apparition had vanished there was a short silence, and.then the oldest man rose, with aln oath, and. said," Let us get out of this 1": " First;" said the youngest resolutely, "we must dispose of him," indicat ing me with a motion of his head. There upon the' man t had first seen filled a tumbler with brandy, and, bringing it to me, said, " Diink it off as quick as you can." I hesi tated., "There's nothing wrong with it," he said, taking a mouthful himself, "and you had better do as I' tell you," he added, signi ficantly, at the same time producing from the breast of his coat a knife with a long sharp blade, on which, to my horror, I saw stains of blood, ' The other two men had ap proached us, and were standing by his sidein resolute attitudes, preparedq if necessary, to aid him. At that moment of supreme fear -for I am not ashamed to own that I was greatly afraid-it passed through my mind that only a few hours before I had pro nounced life to be utterly commonplace, and had believed the marvellous to exist only in the brain of the romancer. With the know ledge that Iresistance was useless, I did' as I was ordered, and drained the tumbler, which had been placed in my hand. ' It was filled for the second time with the same fiery liquid, and being held to my lips, I was told to drink again. I was scarcely able to obey, but I soon felt that the'contents of the glass were being-poured into my mouth, and then I became unconscious. When I recovered my senses, I found my self stretched upon a rude couch in a place which offered a. sriking contrast to the scene which was still fresh in my memory. i. So vividly were the` events in which I had last taken part impressed upon my mind that it seemed as if they'had occurred only a few minutes before, though, as it was now daylight, many hours must have elapsed. From the smallness of the room where I found myself lying, from the bare walls and floor, and the absence of furniture, I con cluded I wasin a cell of a prison orpolice atation; and my conjecture seemed to be confirmed when, on looking up, I saw near the roof a barred window. All doubt on the matter, if I had any, was soon set at rest, when a man in the dress of a constable en tered, accompanied by a gentleman, who looked like a doctor. "Well, my man," said the latter on seeinmg me, " you have got round at last. Let me tell you that you have had a very narrow escape of never being ,sober again." I did not reply. My head ached badly, and 1 was still par tially dazed-and giddy. "I wouldn't make so free, if I were you," said the doctor, jocularly, "with liquor, the next time you get it for nothing." "He won't have the chance for a few weeks to'come," obseived the constable, and they both. laughed. Some food was brought me, but I felt little inclination to eat. Medicine was then given to me. I felt as tired still as though I had never rested, and almost at once fell into a deep slumber. :IHow long I had slept I did not know, but I was rudely awakened, and,: on sitting up, I saw, two constables standing beside me. "You take'things pretty easy, young man," said one of them. "And why shouldn't I 1" I asked ibrusquely, for I was annoyed by the man's manner. He looked at me in some surprise, and then, taking a newspaper from his pocket, he said, "Per haps you would like to see this morning's paper," and, pointing significantly to a para graph, he placed it .in my hands, when I read as follows :--" A daring burglary was perpetrated yesterday morning at Solway Park, during the absence of the noble owner. About a week ago Lord Tweeds muir and family went to London, and the house was, left in the care of two servants, both of the greatest 'fidelity, the one a young man and the other an elderly house keeper, who has bben in the service of the family for nearly forty years. Upon the man servant a murderous attackwas made, and, although the wretches evidently left him for dead, hopes 'are now entertained of his ultimate recovery. He'was first render ed insensible by a blow on the head, and then stabbed by some sharp weapon. We regret to state that the housekeeper was found dead. 'No marks of violence can be discovered, and it is supposed that the aged domestic succumbed to fear, as her heart is known to have been affected. There is abundant evidence that a gang of burglars have been concerned in this dastardly out rage. We are happy to state that one of them has 'already fallen into the hands of justice, and it is to be hoped that the rest will also be speedily apprehended. The thieves succeeded .,in obtaining -a quan tity of wine and 'spirite, to which they seem to have freely helped themselves. In the midst of theia orgies they seem sud denly to have.been scared, and to have de camped quietly, leaving behind them one of their number in a helpless state of intoxi cation., This fellow is at present lying in the district jail, and is quite unknown to 'the police.. Owing to the quantity of spirits he has consumed his condition is pronounced to be very dangerous, but in the interests of justice it is to be hoped that he will recover. Our reporter has seen him in his unconscious state, 'and pronounces him to be. a .young man of not very robust frame, but of a very desperate and abandoned expression.. The value of the property stolen amounts to not less than four thousand'pounds. A telegram has been received from Lord Tweedsmuir offering a reward of a thousand pounds for the apprehension of the thieves,' and the re covery of several valuable heirlooms which he specifies, and of which mention is made of elsewhere. Owing to the absence of the ladies of the family, none of Lady Tweed muir's celebrated juwels were in the house at the time of the robbery. Just before going to press his lordship's agent has brougbt its a list of the missing articles, which we pub lish, in the hope that in this way the ends of justice by leading to the detection of the other burglars. 1. A valuable collection of ancient Scottish gold and silver coins. 2\. The medals and other decorations of General T weedsmuir, which he obtained in the Peninsula War when he commanded the regiment of the Royal Borderers. Also the jewel-hilted sword, which was pre sented by the Countess of Northumberland to the General on his elevation to the peer age. 3. Silver plate to the amount of about a thousand pounds. 4. Some rare curios and uncut gems. A more detailed list will be published in our next issue." When I had finished reading'this I laid down the paper and was about to speak, when 'one of the policemen said, "Look alive now, for you have only time to dress and have a mouth. ful of breakfast, when you must go before the Bench;" ' ' "Surely," I exclaimed, in dignantly, ."You don't take me for one of the burglars." "Oh no, not at all; of course not," was the ironical reply. "I wandered, and came to the door asking for shelter, and they let mein. I know nothing whatever of them." " !Look sharp. There is no time for your story. You will have a chance of telling it presently." 'I `aw that by saying more I would only expose myself to ad ditional insult, so I held my peace. At. the time, though not now, it seemed singular to. me that I was not believed at once. On entering the Court, and looking towards the Bench, the first 'person I saw. was my friend Mr. Hepburn. He was, of course, greatly astonished to see me. I learned afterwards that people had been searching the moors for me all the previous day. The place was crowded by people who had come. to see one of the partiaci, pators in the famous burglary. The conscious ness of innocence made me very bold, and I toldmy story clearly, when I was at once discharged. Mr. Hepburn corroborated the fact that I had dined with him. Iwent into an anteroom to speak to Mr. Hepburn,: as there was no other case to be heard that day. The head constable, a detective in plain clothes, and several others came crowding around to learn 'all I could tell regarding the appearance of the thieves. "Bring me a sheet of white paper and a' pencil," was the reply. Then when I had, obtained what I: sought, while the spectators stood by my side and looked over'my shoulder, with, rapid touches I began to draw the faces of the men I had seen. I was doing the very work to which I had devoted my life, but never before had my pencil moved so rapidly or so'deftly, and as the faces seemed to rise from the paper I felt as one inspired. Ex clamations of surprise which I heard on all. sides moved me to further effort. One man, him whom I had first seen, I drew several times, bring out the expressions of cunning, fear, and cruelty I had noted in his features, and which were engraved upon my mind. When at last I looked up I .saw only Mr. Hepburn and the chief constable. "Has any one recognised them ?" I asked eagerly. "You have proved so good an artist," was the constable's reply "that if they are not already apprehended they cannot possibly escape long." It was the' greatest praise my art had ever received. I do not think it has gained any greater since. It turned out that all. the men were well known, though no clues whatever had been obtained till I lent my aid. The man who' was evidently ringleader had at one time been in business as a watchmaker, but had lost his money in gambling, and had thus sunk into evil courses ; the youngest had formerly been a gamekeeper in Lord Tweed muir's employment; and the oldest had at one time been a professional burglar, and it was supposed it was through his aid that the others had effected an entrance into the house. When their trial came off all were sentenced to penal servitude for life. 'The man servant, notwithstanding the fact that he had been left for dead, ultimately recovered. The groans we heard had doubt less proceeded from him. Regarding the apparition, the explanation is not so certain. Some imagined that the faithful old servant, being aware that it was rumored that the house was haunted, had personified the ghost in order to scare away the barglars, and that' the effect had proved toomuch for her and had cost her her life. Others, mare superstitious, asserted that, though she bore no marks of violence, she had actually been smothered by the miscreants, and that it was her ghost in truth that had appeared. Mr. Hepburn was as anxious as myself to clear upthemystery, and in my company had an interview after the trial with the man who had been game keeper, and who knew the housekeeper well. This man assured us that the spectre that had stalked along the room was nearly a head taller than the old servant. What my own opinion is respecting this matter I would rather not state, lest I should be pronounced to be silly and superstitions. But the reader, who has now all.the facts before him, is qualified to form an opinion for himself. 