ABOVE THE SPEAKER.! SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT. Bt Timothecs. " nmothens piiced on lush." The nautical novelists as a trick of their trade have a habit of describing how sud denly the storm blows itself out. The shriek ing of the gale through the rigging is suc ceeded by the dapping of tbe canvas in the calm. The sea which threatened to devour the vessel now iawns upon her sides ; and bo on. So it is with this Assembly, it is either all fnry or all collapse. This week was col lapse again, Tbe previous Thursday Friday sitting and its proceedings rather scared boa members themselves. None of them want to descend straight away to the American system of raking np or inventing home scandals. The members with skeletons in their closets are averse on that account, and tbe members with clean hands know how readily charges are tramped up. The leading case, of course, is that of Mark Twain, who stood for New York in order to give the citizens a chance of electing a strictly moral man, and who retired from the strife in consequence of the success of the other side in accumulating evidence that he was a demoralised scamp. It was the obstruc tionists who were hit the previous week. And these hits and their desertion by the Corner, together with the remonstrances of constituents and the reprobation of the press, made certain gentlemen somewha sick. Tbe conclusion they came to was to drop this business and let legislation pro ceed. It is a curious position, however; Tbe stranger enters the chamber either to see cer tain members playing tbe mule—ears down, forefeet firmly planted, now indulging in a kick, and now a bite—or else there is progress at a hand- gallop. So strong was tbe reaction that 86 out of the 87 members were for peace and progress on the Tuesday. The exception was the Sonth Melbourne junior. Mr. Gaunson made sport ing offers to renew the conflict, to further fight the bill on the single electorates, to fight it on the increase of Melbourne members, to fight it on the insufficient number of country members, or to fight it on any other reason, but not one member conld be found to stand either at bis right hand or his left, Horatius Codes conld not keep the bridge without some assistance, and tbe member for South Melbourne finally succumbed, easing the situation by " taking it out" of a constituent, a municipal coun cillor who bad written to the papers denying tbe statement that the local council was in favour of the stonewall. This aodadous indi vidual was described to the Honae afterwards as "crawling up the Minister's sleeve in order to be made a J. P. of." Tbe sight of the team all going aeemed to fill the heart of tbe Premier'with glee. It was impossible for him, apparently, to refrain from cracking bis whip over tbeir brads to keep the pace up. One member hod tbe benefit of an interjection that made him jump as though he were bit; and another member received a comment that caused him to kick. Mr. Monro was furious for a few moments, and Mr. Zox was sad for a whole evening. Of course, it was a great thing for the Premier to see the bill safe and flying through. The ses sion has been his session, and that olno one else. As Treasurer he framed and in troduced the big Budget which he almost but did not quite carry. As head of the Govern ment—as master of tbe subject—he framed and introduced tbe Electoral Bill, another big measure ; and he could scarcely but have been hurt had he been compelled to drop this also. Tbe prospect of one big success was pleasant. And it is pleasant also to be up in one's subject, knowing more than all the rest! put together, and to be master of the sitae-; tion; and this touching up of members is one' of tbe little ways in which the Premier shows1 delight Under some circumstances his com ments would have .had the Houra in an nproar. But then Mr. Gillies would say that if there had been any chance of disturbing the'peace be would not have touched up the horses. "I must do whatever my constituents tell me," pleaded one representative. "They might tell you to go to Hong Kong," was tbe comment—and the camber understood that tbe Minister would not object if the constituents did issue that mandate. For once Mr. Patterson found virtue re warded in politics, It was his address that hardened the'Corner against stonewalling, and showed the Opposition that blocking would destroy the party. At the last pinch either Castlemaine or Maldon had to lose a member, or a member had to be added to the bill. It seemed hard that the leader who had broken down the stonewall should be j the sufferer. Ministers could not consent, i but they did not refuse. Members, said Mr. Gillies, must take the responsibility on them selves, and so on ; and * on the voices, without a division, Castlemaine and Maldon retained their seats. Mr. Patterson did not have to say one word—to make any appeal. If, under these circumstances, Castle maine is not more bound to its Benior representative than ever, it is indeed.guilty of black ingratitude. The arrangement secured a peaceiul end for the committee work of the measure. Mandorang gets its territory back and its representative. So does Sand hurst. And so it came to oass that at the close the edifying spectacle was seen of Dr. Quick congratulating the Government, and the MTntyre leading off the final cheers. Thus it is in politics that the imooasible happens. The country pays—as usual. It is charged with a new member, but in the general paci fication the country—which is not usual—gets something for its money. After all that had been said about plots, about "gerrymandering," and all that sort of thine, it was etrange to see the electorates adopted in hot haste, with, as a rule, the smallest of alterations. In the play, when Tiiburina raves about the Armada, hears the roar of its guns and the groans of the van quished, and sees the flapping of the sails, the father checka the outburst with the historic rebuke, "The Spanish fleet you cannot Bee, because it a not in sight" Hon. members on these Elec toral Bill occasions do the Tiiburina raving business. They declaim about the iniquity of the Government measure, affirming with staggering solemnity that it is framed to crush the one side and to save the other. This is considered the orthodox procedure, but when it comes to the point no disclosures | are made, because there are none to make. Privately the current remark of the Opposi tion members «a», " Oh, we know Mr. Gillies is not that sort ot a manand publicly at the end, Mr. Bent said he did not suppose anyone could have managed better. It is with these tales of electoral scandals as with apparitions. "Do you believe in ghosts V the lady asked Coleridge. "No, madam," was the reply, " I have seen too many ot them." T he East Mel bourne e lectorate arrangements seemed to have somewhat strained the rela tions between.Mr. Zox and the Premier. If East Melbourne bad to be increased Mr. Zox wanted Jolimont, which is in his municipal bounds, and be has got South Fitzroy, which is outside them. A protest has been put in, and an adverse third reading vote is talked of. But probably Mr. Zox will reserve his threatened severity for Electoral Bill No. 2; the mea sure which is to imprison the man who votes twice, and to imprison also the man who does not vote at all. Here Mr. Zox can be as severe as he pleases, | with the full approbation of bis constituents. And yet, probably, be will temper justice with mercy. He knows that Mr. Gillies is one i of a email group of constitutionalists who 1 have never supported the property vote, be lieving that it did the party as much mis chief as good. Mr. Wrixon has been with him also. The Ministers upon whom the surrender muBt have come as a strain are Mr. Walker and Mr. Derham. These hon. gentlemen will be the victims to Peel's rule, that a politician may be slow to enter a Cabinet, but be most be slower still to leave it. Mr. Bent on blocking and its evils was in teresting. Most men can speak well when they know their subject. When Reynard gave op the grapes, there is eveiy reason to suppose that he was eloquent in the next vulpine assembly upon the folly of high jumping. On Thursday Mr. Bent was in a minority of seven on a stonewall motion. On resuming plases be upbraided the Corner (which bad voted solid with the Government) for its gross ingratitude in not; crossing the floor, reflected on his associates for obsti nacy in taking the division,and finally settled down toadescriptionof blocking as mere folly. " What is the use of it? We lose our sleep and our tempera. It coats £2 for a cab to Brighton. Next day we are unfit for business. And nobody thankB us." But what of the current impression that Mr. Bent is the leader of the blockers? Well, Walpoie regarded history as a collection of fables, and Mr. Bent would probably describe journalism as a string ot She. He remains, he says, on the stonewall evenings, not to encourage the blockers, but to moderate them. Every man his own Boswell, and why not every man his own whitewashed 