THE PORTFOLIO. We select the following from our stock of manu- scripts. It is by Howard Douglas Tracy, and entitled THE SEAHAM GHOST. FOUNDED ON FACT. Some time ago, I and a party of other boys went out on a shooting excursion. We had walked all day, having enjoyed our sport immensely ; and, as it was nearly dark, we looked about for a place to camp for the night. After wandering about for a while we pitched upon a sheltered spot near a place called (on account of a horrible murder com- mitted there) "Dead Man's Creek"-not a very desirable place certainly ; but as water was close at hand we had to put up with it. After supper was over, we sat around the fire. To pass away the time, we asked one of our fellows to tell us a story. " Well, mates," he replied, " I'll tell you a ghost story, which happened about 2J years ago, on this very road near which we are now camped. On a l»vely spring morning, when the dewdrops were glistening in the morning sun like sparkling diamonds, and the wild flowers were blooming in their greatest beauty, a lady who resided in the village of Seaham was going co West Maitland on business. After spending the day there, it was nearly night- fall before she started for home. She had with her a young infant, her eldest daughter nine years, and a nephew about twelve yearB old, who was driving. The night fell black as pitch, and they had a long, lonely road to travel, the moBt part of it through a dark bush, and not a human habitation within five miles. That was pleasant for a woman and three children, wasn't it chaps ! Well, they had got on all right, and had passed that house which is situated at the junction of the roads lead- ing from Hinton and West Maitland to Seaham, and, as I waa saying they had passed the houBe about a mile when the boy, whom I shall here call Harry, thought he heard a scream. Then again they all heard another, this time more distinct and like the scream of a maniac, and the sound of clattering hoofs soon became audible. 'Drive faster, Harry,' said the lady, 'it is a madman surely. Hand me my revolver out of the bag.' He quickly obeyed, and the lady, holding her infant with one hand and the revolver in the other, turned round to await the approach of the supposed madman. Meanwhile tho horrible screams were coming nearer and nearer, and soon a fellow on horseback galloped furiously by, yelling fearfully, which, echoing through the dark and silent bush, waa enough to make one's blood curdle. The glimpse which the occupants of the buggy got of him by the fitful gleam of the buggy lights revealed a white face, black whiskers ryà moustache. As he dashed by he glared -straight at them, and at the sight of him little Amy (tho lady's daughter) nearly fainted. He rode on for a while and then slackened his speed and let the buggy pass him. They drove along as fast as they could. Directly they heard his scream again, and as che lady knew now that, mad or not, he had seen that thero was only a woman and three chil- dren in the vehicle, she feared he might attack them. As she could not turn round, Bhc said to tho girl (Amy), ' Keep a lookout behind to see if he is coming close.' "The poor little thing was so terrified that she was frightened to do so; however, she mus- tered up her courage, and upon looking behind found that the man was following them, with his horse's nose almost touching the back of the buggy. " Ab lie was then quiet, the lady whispered to the children, ' He is only a drunken fellow, so you »eed not bo afraid.' "Suddenly, however, he galloped into the bush, they being now on a part of the road where it was all open bush. When they were ap- proaching this particular part, and about to cross ' Dead Man's Bridge,' which is as you seo sur- rounded by trees and other kinds of thick foliage, a bright light for a moment shot out from under the horse. The poor youngsters by this were still further alarmed, but the lady, who is well known for her coolness and courage, soon allayed their fears, saying ' Don't take any notice of that, it is only the cowardly ruffian trying to make the horse bolt by throwing crackers on the road.' The real cau3o was, it was afterwards found, that tho horse had trodden on a full box of matches, causing them to suddenly ignite. Thoy crossed the bridge, and now they Baw standing on the fide of the road a white figure, presenting such a hideous appearance as it is impossible to describe, and the light from the buggy lamps falling upon it made it look more ghastly still. At this mnusual sight the horse plunged and tried to bolt, but having pulled hkn in they looked back, but the figure had disappeared, bo they went on and ivere just turning off the main road when the dastardly ruffian whom the lady now surmised was the ' ghost' again rode furiously by, and with a foul oath exclaimed, 'Did you see the ghost?' and disappeared. In a few minutes they were home, but tho poor little girl received such, a shock to her system that it was many months before she recovered. But not so the lady, for' she travelled the same lonely road many times afterwards, but was careful never to take young children with her again at nigfht, being determined to use her re- volver, and.if necessary, make a target of the next 'ghost,' which, however, never appeared, thinking, I suppose, 'discretion the better part of valour.' There, boys, that ends my story of ' The Seaham Ghost.'" 