LOCAL AND GENERAL. MINUTES of delegate meeting are published in another column. MR. MELVILLE does not believe in the im portation of Railway Commissibners; AT a sale of Crown land aliotments at Uralla, prices reached up to £30 per lot.. THE Government do not wilsh to.accept Norfolk Island as a gift. They consider it a white elephant. AN important discovery of native silver has been made at Eaglehawk, a few miles from Broken Hill. GOVERNMENT has taken tlie initial step to wards the reduction of the man employed at the Evelcigh workshops. SHEEP-SHEARERS at Dunlop object to using Wolseley's machine, and refuse to work except under Union rules. THE inhabitants of West Maitland are ex pressing considerable discotntentab the delay in the erection of tile Town-hall. SIR HENRY PARKES does not believe in entrusting the portraits of the great men of New South Wales to tile Victorians. THE derelict has given up the ghost at last having gone to Davy Jones' loeker at midnight on Wednesday, six miles off Nobbys. THE action of the Bulli widows has been postponed to Monday, in consequence of the illness of Mr. Want, the senior counsel for the plaintiff. MR. JOHN L. KELF, ledger-keeper in the Singleton branch of thile A.J.S. Bank, has been appointed to a.position in tile head ogice, Sydney. THE regular mneeting of. the Builders and Contractors ansd Vendors of Building Ma terials' Association will be held at the Ex change, Bolton-street, to-night at 8 o'clock. THERE are foreign warships within a measurable distance of Australia.. The Ger man men-of-ear Eber and Adler,. and the American corretto Adams, were at Apia on June 26. BILLIARD LICENSE.—By the local Bench, yesterday, the application of Arthu-r Gower, licemee of the Glasgow Arms Hotel, Carring ton, for a bllliard license, was granted, there being no police objection. AT the delegate meeting, held yesterday, Messrs. GoLundry, Middleby, mid J)ix were appointed as a deputation to the Illlawarr~a district to "sct with theMaritime Federation in organising the forcos of labour in the Southes n district. A SILVER discovery of great importance is reported near Pindari and the Wean Creek, Inverell, and the country has been pegged out for miles arobind. In our tele graphic intelligence, news of similar finds is reported from other quarters. A New time-table for theNeweastlo-Platts burg tramway has been isouad,.aid wil1 take effect from Saturday, thei 7thl instant. Some very important altr?ations have been made,. the tisses of starting;lhaving been altered in nearly every case. ire. extra trams are to be put on eachl way. MR. CAMPBELL of Maitland-road, Wara tah, has sshorni to us some very fine specli mens of hand-painted work on seitin, hand painted aprons, smoking caps, mantel covers, and a nunmber of: vell-designed articles suit able for presents. We learn that at his resi dence there is a splendid collection of such articles for ladies to select from. TAKE a look at oeverybody's stock, and thln inspect the 13-carat gold jewelery at Pearce's, and youv will be agreeably sur prised at t1he loy prices and thei superior . quality of goods. F..PYecN, Hunt cr-streot. HARRY STEGGA, AND CO, have no half yearly or quarterly sales;. neither do tlhey sell their goods. withlout a piofit, as others ,ROFESs. to do; but- they guasantee-customers a good aitiolo at a reasonable price during the whole twelve montlihs. 2630 BUY 18-carat hall-umakd wedding rings and keepors. hles you cannot be heattdu. PEARCE, Hunter-street. ON Friday next we rill show very aiee lot of fanoy perforated pockets, mats, ]amui shades, cushions, &o.;,j??st arrived ox Gaxonne; also 17 cases of other goods suitable far The present coming seasoa. W. WinN & Co. 18-CARAT gold horseshoo pins, uaosquallod value. F. PEARCE. F. D. MITCALFE, Civil and Mining En- gineer, has romoved to Great Northern Row, Scott-street. . 1900 DIAMOND pins, mounted. in 18-carat gold, at prices nio higher than you would pay for the inferior goods usually offered for sale. F. PeAunoim Hunter- striet. T. Frank Low, Attorney, Solieitor, Proector, and Notary Publio, has ronioveod to 13 H?unfter:streeb, 6dPsifo: tlio6lOdu'?i House, Newcastle. 852 SLAUGHTERING SALE of winter goods at WINN AND Co. until July .17th, 28 LANGER'S Book Arcade 852 A WOMAN named Daly has been heavily fined in Sydlney for giving unstamped receipts over £2 each THE Municipal Council of Albury consider that their town is the beat site that could be chosen for the proposed federal gunpowder factory. THE third reading of the bill for giving Mr. Eddy an amount of salary above that allowed in the Railsay Act to the Chief Commissioner took plact last night. A CASE brought by James Byrne of Kemp sey, against P.A. Davies, for the reciTo y ot £1000 da-mugcs for assaurll. has resu?ld in a verdict for plaintiff, damages-one'fartlsing. BURWOOD CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.—By adrvertisement eolsewher, tile members ofFrh above society seo invited to attClnd'the qPukr, tcrly moeeting to-morrow ovenin,~an 'o'cloct.. THERE was much rejoicing absAdnllnstbo last night amongst the South Warathhlmincre. over the torminnabion of the dispute, andl every preparation is being made fbr comr mencing work on Mtsiday. MAJOR GENERAL RICHARDSON is sanguin? that if tlhe recolmmecn?ations of Goenernl'Shai,. are carr:ed out we shall be a-le to meetany forea that is deoirous of attacking us; : his. is consoling in tihe prescataspect of ifiirs.. SOUTH WARATAH MINERS cavil to-day and commence work on Monday next; To- dky a deputation will go- round the pit'aund, examine the places worked by the blackl6gs-. and see if they are in proper working order:. CAPTAIN MORSE, of the Alameda, statte, that lie is resolved his vecssl will sail fronvi Sydney on her return trip to 'Frico, not- withstanding the action of the Mfaritimoe Council. It is evident there will be a sever6' contest over the matter. RICH STONE.—Mr. George Smith, of Baker's Creek Mine, Hillgrove, has shown us (v-Ismidele E.7prezs) a snmall lump o, goed weighing 12dwts. 21grs., extratcted from four pounds of atone found on an unoponed portion of the reef at Baker's Creek. IN the Legislative Assembly, last night, ,the. Colonial Treasurer gave totals of revenue and expenditure for the fir.-t six months-of the year, but as the total payments made are only anoual charges presented for payment, the public are still in the dark roegarding the financial condition of the colony. THE Government appear to conduct their business in a very free and easy fiashion. The. A-uditor-General states that the Government expenditure for the purchase of thie A.S.N. Company's Wharf at Circular Quay was made without thie warrant of the Governor and in diirect violation of the Audit Act. Now5. then, Mr. Melville l NEW ZEALAND seems to be a notable place for people with great expectations. From Bulls, in the Wellington district, comes tlhe news that a well-known resident there, Mr.. Levi Newman, has received intelligence of his havingo become heir to a baronetcy and £40,000: Mr. Newman lhas been engaged for some years in the district in labouring work OUR readers will perceive from our advoer tising columnns, tlhat Captain Carlsen, of the barque Jerusalem, during hi stayin Mauritius, obtained-sose capital specimens of corai, and is. now offering same for sale at extraordinary low prices. From the samples we have seen. at Messrs. Gibbs, Bright and Co.'s ofices,. Watt-street, we can safelr say that the col Iction is msgnificent. THE RESULT OF A GUN ACCIDENT.—At Goulburn, the boy Hodges, who was shot int the face by a boy named Hammond, is in a precarious condition, and his dying deposi- tions hove been taken. One eye has been. blown out, thie jaw shattered, and a part of. the norso blown away. Hammond states that. he was firing at a bird, when HIodges came from behind a tree and received thie chalrgo.. THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER.—A resident; of Willianstown (Victoria), named Patrick, Quinn, has come to mortal grief bctween jealousy and drink. He shot himself on Tuesday night with a revolver during a drink- ing bout at the Greyhound Hotel. The dying depositios read :-" I, Paddy Quinn,. shot myself through jealousy; have been. drinking to-day; unpremeditated. Stole a. revo'vcr from Greyhound ; was jealous, of a, girl in Greyhound." SOME PUMPKINS.—Mr. W. H. Johnson (says the A-rmidale Express) has been. very successful in growing some rather large punlhlsins this season. Two cattle pumpkins. weighil 821b respectirvely, and another of" the same kind weighed l04lb. Mr. Johnson has also been successful in growing sound eat ing pumpkins, one of which weighed 401b. Tlhcse pumpkins were grown in ground not manured, but rich ini properties whichn char acteisec the soil of New England. METROPOLITAN COAL.—The IllawarrA- Mercury states: The Metropolitan Coal, Company now sends about ten trucks of coal a week to Sydney from their great colliery,. now being opened upat Helensburg, under the management of our old friend, Mi-. Charles. TIHarper. This coal is being obtaiined in makldng a commencemecnt of the colliery works fromn. the bottom of the snlendid shaft repeatedly noticed in this journal on pirevious occasions, The fewr trucks of coal that alire being sceb to the city by this company mean the smsall beginning of a trade which no person can.ses the future of-despite the prolphecies of the fossil seers of the pas', lwho never ceased to croakingly proclaimn that a ton of coal would never go to Sydney by the Illawarra railway. TO-DAY big bargainsin dress gooils,.at 'id, fl;d, 9d, Is, up to 3s (ld per ?ard. .::.k must be cleared at Scorr AMnD AMnD's. 2762 THE vast resources and important interests of the Newcastle district iro often tines men tioned without that depth of mneaning whalich .iould be attachled to the phlonomcnal success of our commercial progress. Without com-n inenting on the several influences- aiding this, we content oursolrcs with drawing attention to the prodigious success and the remarkable value to be obtained fronm imtfleld, cheap ready-oneyor dreper. In thisolceap. drapory establishnment.alone, you will see tie opera tions of " small profits" asd. quick returns. carried on wvtl full vigour.. Homespan dress serges I'l.d, quilts l 11id, men', bneed suits. 15s, boys' auits 3s 11id, white calico 21d, grey calico 2d, hollands- 41ld, towels lii, men's habs ls, boys' felt hats Gd, linen damask.is, blankets 4s Id, snhawls la Gd and. 2s Ild,.ulstors 3s lid, csahlimeres is, coloured: and k·lok velveteen lafds. men's shirts is Gd. Our- advice is call on o -AFAerL, ready. mosay draper, and rec.ie practical proof of ter burgains availableo Job lot wool clouds, ejt flkinnel, 6md. No. reasonable offer re tseld. as so nane maing preparations to.go ibho, arger promises,- 9955 AT our sale to-day, 50 trimmed hats at 2s lI ad u 3s l ld;. 150 untrimmed at is Gd. Stock mnust be clhered to nmake roni for noewv : geods. SooTxAwD: AIrD. " 2762,. REAL pebble spetacles in eas,s 4s;i w?ne ranted. F: 1,ARnoE, Hunnterstreet. Rlthlbe-. ltm's ladies gold watches, £09. F. PEa-cE, HALF-PRlCE for ladies dolmans and roeand-. mdo dre;ises, at:. W. WINN AND Cot.'s ;. ladies' fo~ur-iin-lhaid's, 2s' lild; homespwir, all colours, 4~td ; and a host of oIthier lines ?4 big reductions, att W. WINN AND CO.'s'. 28 CORRECT timekeepers: I'otter's 1ip.Gd key. less wa?tclies, warranted. PocTrs Hunter:. strest. -- - (73, LIFE INSURANCE.—Before you insure voUy life in any other society, cdnsult the district agent of. tIhe A.LP. S-ociety, the mose successful ofice of its kind in tlhe world.--i, WALKER COOPER, fli-, Baitk COambors,: - Boltdn street. 2107 THE largest stbock.ef books it the newiyl. opened Book '?- do' le bopilposite 'frirlketes Langer, corner of Hunter and Market street' 18-CARAT gold hall.nmarked ladies' nrd, gont..'4 8lrrts lunleqxuttl!0dt FZ' uAnceI, D?eBATE on the Property Tax Bill was pro .;ceeding in the Assembly at the witching hour :"last night A SPRCoIAL IeecTINC of the Matthoew Blur : nett mission committee takes place this even :ing in the Brown street Cdngregational schoolroom. TIrs four jurymen in tlhe Bulli ease are to receive a gilnesi a day in addition to tile \- ordinary fee of 10s a day paid by the Gov ernment Mn. JOcnc JoneS, in his evidence in the Bulli case, said that he had never kinown of :so many lives having been lost in so small a • space as trhat covered by the julli mine. 'THEr Governnlent Of Now South Wales •must be exceedingly badly off when the fires in the pnhublic schools of this city have to be ]iept alight by means of doles of coal Iromn the citizens Ix his evidence in tihe Bulli disaster ease, Mr. John Dixon gave it as his opinion tllhat Snone but experienced mecl should be allowed to work ill a miile where "blowers" of gas wero frcquontly met with. M ?l. Jolx Jones, in his ecvidence in the Bulli Cese, stated that Bulli was not at all a Sfiery mine. It gave off only small quantitiies of gas, tle accumnulation of which could have booeen prevdnted by bratticing. With the ven tilation at their disposal tile company might have swept tile gas out in two or three hours. OI, WISE JUDE !-il-Mr. Justice Foster Sis reported.to h:ave said in a recent case: " This is a. matter in which courmon sense must be used, and a jury are, tlhereforo, more \- competent to deal with it thio lawyers would be." It is not stated that tihe Judge was in a sarcastic mood. TIaE RCn.rVT Cocc-fI(InTrINzG.-The sum monses for cruelty to animals which were -issued against the spectators and participators in the cock-fighting at Sandgate on Saturday last are returnable to-day, when the local police court will ino doubt be crowded to witness the proceedings, whlichi are likely to be of intelorest to thie sporting fraternity. Mlt. Jolts Dixos, in his evidence in tIhe Bulli ease, said that he Ihad not tile sliglltest \- doubt about the explosion lhaving originated irs No. 2 heading 11e had seen no sign of an explosion of dsamiteo orgunpowder. Every mine that winess lhad ever seen in England. or Newcastle nlls bratticed in cases where there was any quantity of gas. With brat tices or other acppliiances for carrying away tie gas the .Bulli mnine would not be more dangerous tharn thie Newcastlo ones; but it was more gassy. A wIEvsss in the Bulli ease deposed that, so far as lie knew, hMr. Mackenzie, thie Gov ornment Inspector, and Mr. Wilton owere the only men who differed from hlim wilth regard to the explosion. lie (Hr. J. Jones) was perfectly satisfited that thie explosion occurred in No. 2 heading through thIe ignition of the gas by a ipartially blown-out shot fired there. fHe thought it very wrong and improper to allow 80 men to work in the mine without having taken precaution to swceep out tihe -gas. ePAIRS AND ALTERATrIONS.--Frequenters of the timrber whlurf will be pleased to notice that thie woodwork at the lower end, near tIhe boat- hlrbocr, which las been in a dangerocs condition, is undergoing repairls. It is also intended, we hoar, to construct anotcer gang way for t1.e convenience of passengers by the Stockton and Carrington ateam ferries, tile present gangways being cuncit for tihe growing requirements Tie wo.k is boicg excciutd under the supervision of tile Government ofllicers, and will shlortly be coalpleted. WccOLESALTE ])ESEsRTrox.-Between 6 p.m. and midnlight on Wedicsdi.y, the greatr number of thie crew of the barque Varlitn, which arrived in Nicwesl tle that day from fMelbourne, left tile vessel, thlen lying ait tihe Queen's wharfc, and hIave, with one exception, not yet beein heard of. Thie exception is one Harry Kilstein, who, at tlhe local police court yesterdlcv, was sentenced to four rweeks' imprisoonmcnt. Jie' set up a novel defcnce., saying thiat hie cnsidercd als he was in an English pstl hie could go, a-hore whcrcn he liked. 'tle number of thie deserters is eleven ALcEGED TIiEeT OF NEWSPA'ERS. - A, boy, named Daniel Alhearne, rwas given into thie custodv of Coni.rble Docnoloe upon a chlarge of eicailing copies of thie Herahld and Advocate frocm a doorway in Bl-ue-etreet. For somne time past egeits haive Ihaid com plaints maide to thesi tuat customers hald nrot received their pipers, lbut as it wais known thtirthie !apers lIhad been dcliverd it was supposed someine was appropriating tihe jorrnals, and :c watch waia s clarde Of a certain house frocm sh:ech tile papers rhad been miss ilg. ALfter a slhort interval a boy was seen to snatch up tiLe paper, and run off' witil it as hard as hie tould. 'iThe lhid is said to be ,, delivrer of papers hIimself. Tie practi:e has been goicg on for soume time in this as well as in other phlcces, iand thie iagent desires, in proceediC-ic agii..st the arrested liad (ri will be done cc thI- local police court todday), to make an example for tie benefrlit of youthi ful appropriators. . I.O.G.T.-On Iust Tuesdlay orensng tie Alexander liutohison Lodge, No 87. hlid a "pound night" in Latl~rn's IIall, Weiolfe street. lThe lodge was duly opeinedrl by 1re. Mascord, C.'T. One candidate was initialted into tile order. The dors wers tlhen opiecned to tile public, when a large niumber of mem bers from other lodges and a lilnrber of visitors were present. 'Tihe evening's piro ceedings then coanmmncc ed by Bero. U. Sclithll, D.). (who took thie chair), delivering a short address, and after an ode had been sincg, harmony was tered into r t with zest; by several msembers and visi!ors, whro were eachr and all well received. Anc energetic com mittee of sisters iepassed round fruit and other delicacies, and wore kept busy in sppl;!ying tihe wants of thie innr nacn until a Ilte hour. Much credit is duo to themscfor tile excellent relpast they set before the audience. Amonget the visitors were. Bro Gordon, T).O. P'., Ebenezer, Ilalnilton; Bro. B. Smith, D.D., Mlarmers' Weclcome, snrrcington; Biro. J. Duke, D.D., l'cragon, Globe; indi Bro. W. J. Thomas. L.D., and ,epresoentacves rom tice Bdthel, Hope of Stockton, Star of Peace (Wickhanm), and Rosebud (Islington) lodges. Bro. Nixon presided at tihe pino andt gave general satisfaction. Votes of tllinks wcre accorded to thie visitors and the sister- in theic committe", which were respondo:l to.T The prdceedings tiehoi closed, oeveryone iaving spent a ipleanant evening. Den. TIasroaeA, Licentiate of the King's and Queen's College of Physicians, Ireland, ma be corisulted at' - his resideice, Cottage Bridge, daily, from 9 till 11 a m., till 3 p.m., and 7 till 8 p.m. Trims and 'busses pass the door. : .1707 LAeIEs' gold bangles, all thie newest styles just to band. Forrsn, Huntoer-street.: 671 Mesoirs; J. Creer ardlSon will hold an important sale of tea and groceries a.t thoeir, rooms, Wolfe street. to-day, at 11 a.si., cwecn they will sell 150 half- chlosts of now season's tea, 20 cases of snallnon, kippered hcerrings, and sauces. ' The tea is said- to be t hoe be hlipmont ever offered in Newcastle.• Mlr. A. Sparke will sell a quantity of dlead pork and mutton at hIris store, Scott.streeoot, this morning at 10 o'clock,. as well as. a qlntity.of general prddtinc. Mrisirs. J. cror and Son will sell a quantity of lothigandl other goods at their rooms, Wolfe street, tlis aftoernoon, commconciueg at 2 o'clock. A: featuret of te sale willbe tie oerof four trunks of aidles' sperior boots and fifty lougtles f West of ?nglaudteeod.- The goods ill be sola wid tot, reserve. . Messrs. leruaker and Wolfe will hold their usual hi- weekly produce sale at tile DILarket Wlairrf to. day, wlren it is expcted'tlhre will be a large. amount of prodroe forward.. . ...... Thisc afternoon, Meossrs. Edlcvcrdsrc aid Tiero Wili hold their ucetion sale of horses, vehiles, &q.;, at ' their yards, Hamilton-road. This afterneoon, Cte. A. Asier will conduct all austion sale of farm sod dairy proece at thr lYarath gooeds-shed. 