í'-':';'i UXBRIDGE. "star's '- A curious accident happened on Sunday, October 14, to Mr. F. Coker, which proves how careful people ought to be who reside in the bush. - He was catching a horse, and had got it by the mane when a small limb fell from a dry tree, striking the horse on the loins, which caused the animal to rear and plunge, and to tread heavily on Mr. Croker's foot, giving him a holiday for some time that is not wanted. Bark stripping is in full swing on the only two left in Uxbridge with any bark on, and the strippers are tied to strip to 2in. It seems a pity to strip the wattles so small. Owners of runs are surely going against their own interest in allowing it to be done, as the wattles will die out, and the runs are left in a very dirty condition through its being done. There have been two severe frosts of late, which have done a lot of harm, all the potatoes showing have been cut by them, and I am afraid the fruit blossom will suffer also. It is with regret I have to state that Mr. D. Chisholm, the Glenora State school teacher, still continues dangerously ill, it is thought, with a complication of diseases. He its attended by Dr. Gray, of New Norfolk,' who has, had to put him under the influence of chloroform to induce sleep. The State school has had to be closed in consequence. Much sympathy is felt at Glenora and the surrounding district, for Mr. Chisholm is well liked by the people. October 28 . Barlxy, Wwe While prohibitionists are engaged agitating for the total suppression of the liquor traffic, M. Jacqúemln, of Nancy, has invented a new drink, which. he calls "'barley wine and which is attracting general attention in Paris. He obtains this product by fermenting malt by employing Junee Aaronson ellipsoiaus-i.e., this greatest of wine; His barley wine, which the Academy of Sciences, with M. Paatenrat item head,'enthta«l»«ti*3aUy approves isa" white wine.!'; of very agreeable flavour, bearing no resemblance to beer ; it contains five óagrees of! alcohol (or more at pleasure), alike other while,' a small amount of glycerine and of scenic acids ;Nutritiou»"áiid agreeable, a brilliant success is anticipated for this new drink. a ????-'?<>,:-í a.-..'--.'..?-? London in Desolation Cardinal Manning in rediscount recently, published drawn a very gloomy picture of London and the disintegration of human- society in these latter days.; He says: - "London is a desolation, beyond that of''any'1 city in the' Christian world. Four millions of human beings, of whom two millions have never set their foot in any place of Christian; worship and among. these two millions God only knows how. few have been baptised, how few have been born ' again of water and the Holy Ghost, j London is a wilderness. It is like Rome of old-a pool into which all the nations of the world streamed together, and all the sins of all the nations of the world were continually flowing. Such is London at this day." The prospect for the future, be say«,"'is7 no better, or, indeed, it is not even worse, for the. distinguishing note of. , society is, the disobedience of children to their parents, 'The rich, cannot>control their soni'añdldaughten ; the middle cum ¿.J-Mtgttlde Ibam ; the poor cannot govern UtaröA? { 