PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1888. IT has been said by someone who knew what he was talking about that the best way to learn a Language, art, science or anything, was to undertake to teach it ; and in this way the national experiment of establishing farm schools in Victoria is affording the opportunity to others of learning the art of farming besides the students who pass their terms at the institution. For, hand in hand with the every-day instruction of the young fellows, the Agricultural Colleges Council have wisely ordered that practical experi ment with 'a view to some degree of national benefit shall go along. This has been made evident bywhat has been done at Dookie,and it is very grati- fying to read from time to time of the progress made at that institution both in the direction of training young men as scientific farmers and of experimental husbandry. In view of the time now approaching when we shall "have a Dookie of our own" at Longerenong, the proceedings at the "breaking-up " of the Dookie college for the mid- winter holidays, and the report of the Principal of that instinution for the past six months, have a peculiar interest. To take the local record first, that pertaining to the progress in studies and general conduct of the pupils at Dookie for the-past term, it is satisfactory to learn that they have been all that could be desired. "Mr. J. L. THOMPSON, the principal, in his ieport takes the opportunity to give some very sound advice in words that should be taken to heart by farmers, perhaps, mote. closely than by any others. One sentence alone is worth recording, and that is. " Do not undertake too much, but what you do, do it thoroughly and well, and success will crown your efforts." Taking this as a text, the Principal, whose opinions, as a practical farmer and specialist, are well worthy of weight, took the occasion to deliver a short homily. He did not in any way agree with those who said that the farming industry was being ruined. There was always a living to be obtained from the proper cultivation of the soil. Farmeri in Victoria in times now gone by had! been able to do great things for themselves from the natural fertility of the soil and the consequent unearned increment arising therefrom. This and the ease with which the selec tors had been able to take up large triicts f land had terided to spoil Vic- torian farmers us regarded their parti- cular calling. Under their former conditions they would undertake no- thiig .(becaus".,they_:found;:sufficient profit in that) But crops which could be so rn, jaryested fan' the 7odeda pdceted withinl-tse limits of a single twelvemonth. Those times had gone by anid now. farmeis had cometosee the neessity for doperating 'iri other direc tions, such as fruit growing, which was being clearly proved to be well adapted to Victoria: As being able to bAck uli hii opinjions 'and arguneint hby facts it is interesting to learn from Mr. Thompson that some of the work done at the Dookie firmn for the year con-* prisd 'tli'e following:—There have deen over '200 experiments ;made with variotis seeds; 6 acres planted out with vorieties'f 'curraiit, vines; 300 acres of wheat sown,,40.acres.of oats, 40 of bar- Iey, and 40 for ensilage, 8 of lucerne, and 15 of peas. The results of someof the operations nn 'the farm had been :— Over I00 gallonnsi6f olive oil; 1616 gallons of wine; a profit of £230 had accruied from 3pigs of £li90: from. the dairy and of "£984 from shbele. A very important and in- ner~ting itein, "of,:: the;Priniciliial' re- malts' was therferendicd t ithe fact that book-keepiiing formed 'a part of the farm school curriculumi, which lie and his colleagues tiever lost might ort.:itThe well-recognised characteristic of the old-time farmer that, living retired,. away from- the city and town, he was not, a' man of-the-world and that lhe was always fleeced and taken in when erer he enitered it temporarily and Ofdsliiiiilly- aid it??lieciail truth"'inr the fact. that, as a rule, in those days ~the farmer, wvasan.uneducated man, uiable to-meet-lis customer onr level terms in matters of business re quiring -the--possession of a certain amount of "book-larnin,." This of course ret'dderedhie iliable to be over reached in very simple and, ostensibly, legitimate fashion.by-nny dealer wishing 'td' tak~"'advititag' "of him. But 'this has for some time past ceased to be a characteristic of farmer edve n inid older countries, wllil?'in Vi~iuria, perhaps, it rarely; could-ever have been properly applied. At the same time, however, it is' particularly gratifying; to, know that students at, these firm schools will rwell' rdhnde'd iii'tlii:sort'f -kndai ledge. After working hard and late in bringing his produce and stock: into: a fit state for the market it would be dis heartening to the last degree to think that the farmer, for want of a knowledge of accounts, was in a position to .risk the sacrifice of his just profits.' "As'Mir. TIItoxsox said, it 'was important for a farmer to know how much a beast cost him in keepiig apart from the cost price. Somut farmers, he said,, taking an instance, bought a bgeist-say a store bullock--?fi' S, for which they after avards obtained £10, and then flatter themselves .that 'tley lhad maide15 by the transaction, whereas its feed might have cost them £10, and they therefore lost £5. Although it may be supposed that most farmers are more embued with the commercial instinct than this example would imply, still a knowledge of, and a :ertait amount of familiarity' with accounts is an ex- cellent thing, and the best method of learning it, is to have it engrafted early in youth. Having to pick it up after wards, no matter how well aided by natural gifts, is so much more time lost. Tle acquisition of this knowledge is necessar; to the modern farmer in many more important directions than in the purchase and disposal of stock. In these days of universal credit, the farmer who does not know what rate of interest (when he is borrowing money) will serve to tide him over a pinch, or land him deeper in the mire; or he who is uthable' to calculate the exact cost of the difference of holding on or selling his produce (when dealing with the.buyer), are the men who will find farming unprofitable and who will come to wish very earnestly that they had not neglected that brnch of edacation, which, we are glad to know, is now being sedulously'taught at the farm schools to the young fellows who, when they leave those institutions, go to prosecute a 'calling recognised as theli most important of all followed by man. Now that "the numbers are up" and we know who thenew men are to assist in the administration of the Local Government A'et as regards the miniciijalities of the Borough of Horsham and the several district shires, it behoves all those concerned to accept the verdict of tlhe baliot boinand, whatever their individual personal feeling might havebeen in thematter,to concede aloyal obedienc to the new regime. In theborough two old and tried co'nllo'rs have been'ietuened unopposed to their former places at the board, and in the present conditiot? of the finances their ex- perience and knowledge should stand the burgesses in good stead iathe time that is coming, when with the anticipated alteration of.a deficit into a sorplhs, keen supervision will have to be exercised to see that previous mitistalk"il ihll-i ot 'be-repeated:— The-third representative, MB OEOsOE Gfe.ISsiwho who was also elected ?withodt; question, al- though new to municipallife, is well enough known by tle ratepayers as a good practical common sense man,and one who has been sue cemsfillenoughin his privatelife tofully justify h:s being placed in a representative position. In the North riding of the shire of Wimmera an old and respected resident,' though a new and untried man in public life, has succeeded in beating (on the post) a representative who has served his constitudents with unquestioned ability for a long period of years. Mr. ROoaERs should therefore regard his victory as so much the shore to be proud of, and it should stimulate him to apply himself in gaining a knowledge of his eon stituents' wants and of the Act bywhich lie must be guided. The vacant seat for the South Riding of the Shire of Wimmera, contested-by two gentlemen not previously known.to 'municipal fame'in this thire, has fallen to the lot of 'Mr. MhlCOLS MCITrrrve who can show a record of 'five years'. good service with the Portland Shire. Being at the same time competent, independent and a lairge taxpayer ii the district, his former experience should prove of value to the rate payers in general. The nine of the thirteen gentlemen selectedto form the first council of the shire of Arapiles are-to use the simile so often affected in this connection-" a good string" and well worthy of the honor uand duty of representing the important intere.ss now entrusted to their charge. In the personnel 'of- the- whole of the 'thirteen candidates presenting themselves fIf~-el tion the new shire was excep'tionally forta nate, for seldom has ?uci a good all-round lot offered. A matter'fo)uregret, however, is that one man who had fought so well for the old West Riding of the Wimmern Shire in days gone by, aiid had proved himself honest and capable, has bleen left oat in the cold. In the'Lowan-Shire, the seat volun tarily resigned'by Mr. Pi. F. Miller will be takeen by: Mr: IP. Bateman, and the tried members for the West and ;outh ridings have igain i ?e i retfrned, 'tho fdmer unopposed and the latter by a substantial fiinio rity. For-= thl E"Eita' Ridingaof the Dimboola Shire, Cr. MAcRAE has received a .proof.eoLthoaratepayera' .confidencesn being allowed a walk-over, but ex-Cr .Woes (the retiring president) and ex.Cr:?-?DEAwSn , for the West and Cent;e 'ridings Espectively, have been', com~elled to give way to new men.6 In' the Dunnimunkle=' Shire Cr. MCDO~wALr had an unopposed~~ turn for the East, and C. CAnIL5LL: for the North Riding, whilst in the West- the place' f Cr. LauLtd, whoadid not seek re elsctios will be filled by Mr. A. Munrusy 0y Ve have said that now the lecttions are over it is the duty'of the ratepayers to abide by the result and render a'.loyal obedience to the choices of the 'iajority; But a ery much higher land more important duty awaits the representatives themselves. These have their personal and individual feelings (brought out smore prsminently,.perhaps. at election timen than at any other) as well and they must guard against carrymng any such into their respective council chanibers.) Their duty now; is to,.drop all personal; antagonisms and prejudices, to subordinate consideration, of self to the coimoi weal, to bring a loyal co-operation with their. calleagues be in all their deliberations and actions and to work solely' anrd henrtily fori the ammoi good. The usual m?ritlily meeting of the Heor sham Borojugh; Council- will' be: heldl this evening at 7.30 o'clock.' As otheri portiois of the colony are' s'boin themselves fully alive to the opportunity offered by th"e late decision of the Government to ido :sway with the Kew and Yarra Bend, Lunatic Asylusis, and substitute theretor t:cot tage asylums min separate country. di 'ticts, we would i suggest' to . the coudcil the advisability of moving in the matter, as that one of these institutions should be :es tablished in Horsham. There is no reason why this district shboid be' passed ;overi in? allotting the new asylum sites, and we. hope our civic authorities will urge some. action bain'g taken in this direction.` ,Thdy are certain of receiving zealous support from our parliamentary relpresedtative?'; add iio time" is to he lost,'i . .. " . The Vimmera Shire Council, as newly constituted, will hold a meeting to-morrow (Wednesday) at 2 p.in. for the purpose of electing a presidentfor the ensuing year., ' The proceedings at the Horsham Court of Petty Sessions last Friday will be found. reported on page four of to-day's Times. Mr. G. L. Hutchinsoni,. P.3I., and Messrs. Carroll and Burgin, J'aP., were on'the bench and among the business transacted was an important,. case, proceedings in which were taken under the 83rd section of the Public Health Statute which prohibits the travelling of a person suffering from any infectious disease in any public, vehicle without due notice to the authorities. The faits which were referred to in .these columns in our issue of the 27th ult., will be fdoud fully detailed in our police report to-day. The'two .defendants were fined with costs, :a sum aggregating £10 its. 'A somewhat remsrkable case was one, Tooi linson v. Ward, where the former, a member of the loc l Church of Christ, proceeded against the defendant for having made in the public street, a series of profane remarks in reference' to our Saviour; the Virgin Mary, and the Holy Ghost. Tae prosecution failed to'secure a'conviction and the case was dismissed ,with £1 ls costs as against the prosecutor. A.very painful accident happened at, the McKenzie 'to a young fellow named "William Starrick, laborer, of Laharum, aged 18. To gether with Mathcs Voigt heo was engaged in loading up a waggun to come into ti?or sham, when his companion, who was hand ling a gun which he did not know was loaded, accidentally exploded the cap anddiseharged the contents of shot into Starrick's: bady' at the posterior. The muzzle was, hot muich further than a foot off and the charge created a very ugly, wound, causing mucho;loses of blood. The sufferer was brought into Hor sham without delay the same niglit,-and after Dr. Cross had attended to the! womnd he admitted Starrickint tthe hospital, where he is now progressing -veryfavorabl~and without much pain, but where -he is likely to have to stay for a couple of months before his wound is healed.: . " A man namied Samuel Dalling; aged about 45 years, who has lately rested a selection from Mr. Alexander Yonoug.' at JungsJtig, has given reason to the police authorities to believe that he is not fit to be at large.:;He' has been uttering vague;threats, .tidking about imaginarystelegrams, &c.;, and hd;, when' tarien int custody yesterday, a loaded revolver with a dozns spare cartridges, in his possession,. He will be brought before the Horsham bench this morning. A mniatter of considerable- interest to the farmerd is the'public i~eeting advertised to be held at Messrs. Young Bros.'sale yards at 1.30 p.m.'next Saturday. .The object is to explainthe aims andpurposes of the Farmers' Protection'; Association, -and, to ,.consider whether ithe roposed tariff alterations are salicicihtly' liberal in -the direction of the farmniinterestiii .ite the discussion of the TFriff is to be commeneed in Parliament this. week, it' behoves all farmers to atte~d' Saturday's meeting who cad possibly do so. On'Satusrday at Natimok, as soon as tha official returns were pisted at Mr.. Abel Bullock's store, notifying the results of the election for the first council of the Shireeof Arapiles, a temporary stand was made up for speech-making purposes opposite the store, add Mr. Robert. McClure retureed thanks to the electors on behalif oft his brother,; Mr.' Jobr McClure, for having returind him at the head of the poll. -Mr. Kruger also rethried thanks 'for his retiLrn and took the occasion to express regret that Mr. Keyte.had not secured a scat. Mr Sisson theAr addressed the meeting and siadd he was -very, grateful for the mark. of confidence reposed in him as shown by his return. He expressed himself very feelingly about Mr. KIeyte's defeat aad -kid cthat he would rather have lost his seat than that that gentleman should not have been returned The stand was then taken by Mr. Keyte, who said that as a de'eated candidate, he desired to heartily tender his best thanks to his f lends for the support they had given him in the late election. Although he had not been elected he assured them that he still would hare the welhfreof the shire a heart and would continue to' o Ill' in his power to fu:ther its interests. ' Mr. Robert McClure (again on behalf of his brother) then proposed a vote of thanks to the returning. oficer, ind' said that' not only had Mr. Bolton made all the necessary arrangements for carryumg out the election satisfactorily and creditably, but he had from the first not only placed no obstacle hut given every assistance to thO scheme of severance. Mr. Kruger seconded the motion aod took the opportunity of couplitg with the preo. ousition thename of Mr. Charles B. .Warn; as depotj sistriagil omle." Th e ' was earried with seclamation. Mr. Warn, on behalf of Mr. 'Start Bolton, expressed his seknowledgment ofthe compliment. This was the fourth or fifth time that a portion of the Wimmera shire had been severed since Mr. Bolton had been shire. secretary, but it was the first time he had been placed in the position of returning ollicer. He (Mfr. Warn) had met aMr. Bolton frequently inconsection sith the proceedings for severance and had found him a courteous business man and thorough gentleman. In Melbourne, Mr. Bolton had given able assis. a'nce to the eeversnee effort in the way of deputations on Ministers and assisting with lis eiperience and knowledge of the mach ilery of the Local Goverment Act. wedoaneday, th 20theinst.,is thedate on which the first meeting of the council of the .hire of Arpiles should sit; but it is expected that as manyof the councillora wilt be absent from the district, and' some: will have to be attending the County court at Horsham on that day, the'meeting will probably be adjourned for one week, viz., to the 5th ,September. The shire seeretary pro. te?., Mr. Wara, we are informed is" to com onsinicate ,with. each of thes newly elected conneillors in'-reference to the place 'of meeting for the firsto"ouncil 'being at Natimauk: :o Noradj?ha;, and? the majority will settle the qestioun. In regard to the President to bi eleet-d, we underatend that Mr. John McClure, as headiig the poll; of the nine coancillors, will be offered the The weather for the past few days has been bleak, with occasional ahowers. ! On Saturi day 6 pointe of rain were registered, at.the "Horsham 'post. and: telegraph"office, and yesterday morning 8 points. Later in the day a few more:, showers fell, but not suflfcient foe the' wants of the farmers, to whom a downpour of about three inches would be welcome. The Observatoryforecaso for the next twenty, four hours is :-Cloudy, and, on coast, showery, but tending to finer weather; N.W. and W.' winds. An important case of alleged cattle steal:. Sing which was to have been investigated at the police court at' aniva next Thursday, has been fixed :? be heard'there at 10:a.m. on Friday next instead. Mr. Hutchiisoe, P.M. will therefore beat fKaniva and not at Horsham on' that day. Sub- inspector O'Callaghan will conduetthe prosecuntion in the cattle stealing ease, and Mr. Ireland will appear for the defendant, a farmer of Yanipy. At the annual general meeting of 'the Korsham Athletic Club held; last Friday night, the date of the sports were fixed for Wednesday ansd Thursday, . the 26th and 27th December nexft, when £200 will be oflered 'in .pries Mr. George Ryan' was elected president, Mr. James Wallis secre tory and iessre. Ryan, Davis, and W. Bell, representatives to sit on the executive com mittec bf-the recreation:gronnd. --Reference was specially made :t the rule prohibiting all members of the committee from having any monetary interestoni the racing events at thehsports, and it was resolved that no fnture member of the committee shohld be allowed to infringe this excellent rule. The meeting was adjourned until the 24th inst..'when a balance-sheet will be submitted. :. A'general meeting of the conmmittee of the local agricultural society will be held at 3.30 p.m.' next Thursday at the Horsham Town Hall. 'Among the business will be the selec. tion of the candidate to proceed to 'Mel bourue as the nominee of the society to prosecute a course of traising at the Exhibi tion in the improved methods of butter making and dairying processes generally. We understand that four applications wit require to be dealt with. SThe following is a list of the forthcoming agricultural shows weith 'their dates: Maortoa, 24th August; National Agricultural Society of Victoria (Melbdurne), 28th August to lst September;. Rupanyup, 2Sth August; Warracknabeal, 30th.August ; Minyip, 1st September; Stowell, 4th and 5th September ; Donald, 5th and 6th September; Horsham (for which entries must be lodged not later than 8th prox.),'12th and 13th September; Ararat, 19th: September; Dimboola, 19th September; Nitimuk, 19th September; St. Arnaud (Ns:ional), 26th and 27th September ; Kaiiva, 3rd October; Lillimur, Oth October; Goroke, 10thOctober, Some commotion was caused on Saturday at the Royal corner, junction of Firebrace and Wilson streets. 'A waggon drawn by fool draught horses and belonging to Ed mond Semmesce of 'Drung Drung, was 'coming out of the yard of the Criterion Hotel when the vehicle got blocked so that it became necessary to unyoke the two leaders. This was done, but while wheeling thie waggon into the proper position for exit, the two leaders walked out of the yard with reins, swingle-trees and harness all on. On getting into Wilson street they started oft east at a gallop and on reaching Firebrace Street ran at right angles full on to a pair of gray horses drawing an empty waggon owned and driven by 'Mr. WV. Zipple of Brangalally. The collision was a most violent one and all four horses next moment were sprawing, legs, bodies and harness all intermingled in a struggling mass in the centre of the road, A number of ready hands were soon on the spot and, after some kicking and cutting of harness,-the animals were freed from each other and plhced on their legs. Considering the violence of the collisidn little damage wras done, but it is feared one of the animals, a mare in foal, will prove to have received some considerable injury. Whilst a man named James Wooley was engaged in felling trees for Mr. Reichan, of Dimboola, a heavy branch fell on his left arm, with the result that he sustained a badly contused wound at the elbow. He is now an inmate at the Horsham hospital. Messrs. Young Bros. have just completed the putrhase, on aecount of various district buiyers, of 30,000aheep off the bshears-at Brookobng Station, New South Wales. At the Dimboolacort of Petty sessioni last Saturday Meesrs. O. V. Brewer 'and VW. Hill, J'sP; dealt with theo" following esses:-Constable Polmear' v.' J. Yeelich, cutting timber on rOtown lands, fined 2s6d. Adolph Gehrke v.. W. Regnier, fraud 'sum moosn £18 2s Id; order for amoont, with £2 5s costs, to be paid within orie month. Accounts for the following await paymeit at the Horsham Sub-tresury :--Permerane Wright, and Co., W. J. Cross, T. II. Edmonds, W. Meredith, A. L. Torngrim, P. Andeason, W. Gardiner and Co. The Parliamentary sittings will be resumed to day. In the Legislative Assembly, the debate upon the Treasurer's budget is to be resumed, and the Government do not propose to take any other business in hand until the House has dealt with the finances and the proposed revision of the tariff. Mr. Hutehisson, P.M., will attend at the Warraeknabeal Police Court next Thursday, when Sub-inspector O'Callaghan will proceed against Mrs. Catherine Ross, of liellalac, for perjury inreference to an alleged'false declara tion of the registration of the birth of a child born some six or'seven months ago. The ace?sed, whose husband is alive and with whom she was living at the time the child was born and registered, registered the child in the name of the man who was the actual father. In giving the particulars asrequired by the registrar at Warracknabeal Mrs. Ross is alleged' tohave made several false de clarations. At the opening celebration of the Dooen Free Library on Friday evening the mayor of Horsham will preside, and subsequently iballand'ipaerwllbe held: e .i i;LiZ Mr. Bennett, of Young Brot pa-t -up f, auction last Saturday the right to ,old two fruit stalls in connection with the a.saham and Wimmers District AgrienIturag.an Pastoral Society's show, to be held ou -¢e 12th and 13th September. Theestali sold f5t% 5ý each, and were bo5ght by trl Rozhester tand.Jfr. Arthur respectively. The pubricaaq' booths were also to have been sold by auu tion, hut after having been put 'p they were withdrawn, as tUe Society t-. decided to call for tenders for them both. An advertisement will be foran in another column by which it will be seen tha tenders are returnable next Thuday. Mr. Wdliam Robinson, Mayorof aiosalr, was sworn in asaijnstiee of the pcae fsa Friday by Mr. Hutchinson, P.M., undtrath usual writof ded icaeporenr Mr. iRobin son under this authority, willa actasautagsr trate for the year during. which he iohxis office as mayor of the borough, and fo: the twelve months following the coumpletien af that term. In regard to the qaestion foror ag? n the retention of the ofce of road ranger for the south riding of the ahirE Wie-m memorials in reference to which werespe for signature at the several polling places at the late municipal election, the oratter will be considered by the shire council atitaens ordinary meeting when the memorids willb counted and the whole questiondemit with The result of the ballot in the Soufh Riding of the Lowan Shire election was . Jelbart, 129; and J. Keeping, S3; majority for the old councillor, 46 votes. In the East Riding the voting was as follows: -BaLe man, 275; Bone, 188; Clifford, 1S0; ma-ori. *for Bateman, 87. For theWest Riding, Cr Dungey was returned unopposed. Withlgood management and the arince?, of the friends who gave their services to the late entertainment iuaidef theCollinas'frd, the expenses were kept well down, and a sum of £87a s 31 was the net result. As a effort is being made to close the subseriptise list taken round by Mr. . ;. Pemberton is favor of the movement to secuere a retura passage for a sea voyage for ar3k Coll ,. lo-day, we are asked to request that all amounts remaining unpaid may be handed over to Mr. It." t " M'Nicol, Commercial Bank. A hope isexpressed that any friende of the late town clerk, who may have beem overlooked in the canvass and who may be desirous of contributing, will give in their subscriptions to the same gentlma·.r The following are some additional subhcriptib+ to those already published -Captain ,. c. Bowden, £1 Is; Messrs. Wilson, £1 Is; E. Learmonth, 10 lid; W. J. CCowther. is; V17 Simons, 5s ; and John Johnston, as. At a meeting of the Hershn Boarda of Advice yesterday. when Mr. 1. Clar. (chairman), Mr. H. Tymms, and the Rev. WI. . Secomb (eorrespondent) were presee, it was resolved to call for tenders for the asphalting of the school grounds. A sum of £50 is available from the Depatmee t of Education for laying down thic ca. terial, and it is intended in the Grst instaoce to asphalt the whole of the frontage hetween? the s:hool building and Splatt street. A meeting of the building committee of the Horsham Mechanics' Institute was held last Thursday, when it was decided to as Mr. H. A. Gillies to prepare plans for ttw addition to the building (to be need as the subscribers' room) at the back of the present reading room. It is to be of the same width as the latter, and to go back 1fift. Tenders. will be called in due course. In the election for the West Iliding Board of Advice the only returns to hand are: Dollin, Buchanan, 14; McGianaikia, . Noradjuha-Buchanan, 13; McGianiskiie, 43. In the Kouree shire election for the East Riding, Mr. D. Forbes, of Kont Narin, wan successful, defeating the retiring councillor (Peet) by t.n votes. Residents in all parts of the district will learn with pleasure that Mr. Thor. Young has so improved in health that he intends to return with his family on Monday next and again take up his abode in Horsham. .fr. J. IL Carew Trevan, head master of the Horsham State scheol, has returned from his holiday, looking all the better for a. month's sojourn at Geelong. We learn by the report of the results of the recent examinations at Dookie Agriical tural College that a son of IMr. Degenhardt of Murton, has proved himself duzof his tens by heading the list with 114, marks out of possible 1300. We congratulate thc young student upon winning his college diplome with so much credit. A sale of Crown lands will be held at: Edenhope tomorrow. At the fortnightly meeting of the Stawelt branch of the A.N.A. last Thursday, the president, Mr. E. T. Brennan, reported on the result of his visit to the recent celebra tion of the Horsham branch, and referred to the cordial manner in which he. together with Messrs Pdrves and Field Barret, had .been entertained. He also reported that Mr. Purees had expressed his intention of visiting the Stawell branch as early a possible. The Horsham branaeh war as corded a vote of thanks for the co?rteou?sc reception of the local delegate. At a meeting of the Kaniva and Lillnua" Pastoral and Agricultural Society held l.as Thursday, the following resolution woe unanimously adopted:-" That on accoun of the great increase in the number of agri cultural societies (owing to further settifsa ment in outlying districts of the colony) causing a great diminution in the annuaJ[ grant to each, the Government be requeste to place a further sum of £10,000 on the estimates." The secretary was directed o send copies of theresolution to the members for the district, urging that steps be tale in the matter. We have received a'specimen copy of the Jourums ofjCommerce, and notire that thin well established organ of Melbourne and Victorian business has been permanentIl enlarged. This hasbecome neces~ary from the increase of piressure on the advertifsg space of the Journal, and is a healthy sign e prosperity, not only to'the proprietary bot ofithe mercantile public at large. Entries for the Muarto Show will close o~ Tuesday next. SDr. M'Noughton announeea that he wi# attend - at Garrick's hotel, Natimuk, aP Thursday evening: and until 4..m. a?s Friday. Several of- the mcessful candidates at tlb recent municipal electionds return thanks i~ our advertising columns.' 