Chapter II. ' It was quite true; Aaron had been murdered. . His body had been found in the wood leading from Warsaw, laying at ' the foot of a stately beech-tree, which stood right in the path. The news of the murder spread rapidly, and the e was great commotion amongst the Jews. Loud imprecations were hurled at the head of the .murderer, for Aaron stood well in the community, of which lie was one of .the richest members. The excitement ran high, and speedily all sorts and conditions of men flocked to the scene of the murder. But the first to arrive was Mira. Her eyes were red and swollen, and her hair was dishevelled, as she staggered rather than walked to the spot. • Above her, rearing its branches to the skies, was the splendid old beeoh, a tree famous amongst the woodmen for its strength and size. • A bird was singing in the branches. His notes seetr.ed sad and mournful. She groaned in horror, for at her feet was a pool of blood. Here, then, .had her father fullen. She leaned her head against the trunk of the tree, and the tears welled into her eyes and slowly trickled through her 'fingers. Nothing disturbed her in her grief. True, the bird still sang, and a few ripening leaves, all brown and golden, fell rustling at her foot, but she heeded them not. Presently a twig snapped, and a man's footsteps were heard; He reached the tree, and for a moment paused there. The girl had not seon him. " Mira," ho cried, as he gently touched her shoulder. . She started, looked wildly around. "Geza! you here?'' He said nothing, but held out his hands. She took them and they looked into each other's eyes. Neither spoke, but such silence told far more than words ever could, Geza's deep-brown eyes bespoke a world of sympathy, a world of love. How poetic, how graceful the young man looked as he stood gazing into the eyes of the one whom he so deeply loved, and who bad been so cruelly bereaved. Geza was distinctly handsome, of medium height, but lightly built. His hair was long and as fine as a woman's. He wore a sort of student's dress of black velvet, whioh served well to set off his graceful figure. " Yes, Mira," he said at length, breaking the silence. " I heard you had come here, so 1 followed you." " Yes, 1 came hero, I know not why. 0, Geza, is it not horrible ?" and Mira sobbed. A dark cloud swept over Geza's face, for he remembered their parting of the morning before. Only too well he remombered the sarcastio tone of the old man as he scornfully refused his suit, and his own hot words iii reply — words that were almost threatening, but which sprang from a deeply feeling and bitterly crushed heart. He was disturbed in his gloomy reverie by Mira, who suddenly grasped his arm, and cried, " But he shall be avenged, and may be here I shall find the clue to his murderer. Yes, Geza, ho shall be avenged," and as she spoke an almost inspired light stole ovor her face. For a moment she breathed her mother's fire. As Geza saw it he felt porlexed. Did she suspect him ? How strangely she stared at him, and her gleaming eyes seemed to look him through and through. Do what he could, he could not meet their steadfast gaze. A ourious feeling possessed him, presaging coming evil. Ho was oppressed and gloomy, as if a black spell were upon him. For a moment ho recovered himself as ho looked down into Mira's face and said, " God help you, and be with you, my beloved, in this sad trial " Mira bowed her head as if to join his prayer. " Dearest," ho began, " I am going away." " Going away ?" and a painecllook came into her upraised face. " Yes, I am going to a new world where one is free to think and free to act." „ And—" The quivering claBp of her hand told him what she would say. "Ah I That is impossible. Wo can never be more to caoh other than we now are, even if I stay. Your father refused me, and your mother would still refuse. 'Tis strange, Mira, I feel as if vour dead father's ourse were upon me. We parted in anger, and God only knows how bitterly I have repented of my hasty words. And to think that this should oome 1" He shuddered, and his voice was husky with emotion. rr" Geza; forget the past;"- And her hand gently smoothed his brow. " Would that I could forget, and that in the future I could realise that hope which now has been denied me. And yet the future may be full of liope," ho added, his face brightening. " Jn a new' world fortune may come to me—I may still be able to win you;" • v ".Where love remains hope never dies, Gesar" And her eyes met his ah if in'inquiry. ' v " Love like ours can never die," was his answer: " It is born of purity and trust, and cemented in affliction and he' touched her brow with his lips' " ' ; . Beloved, wo must part, but we will look forward to that good time 'that ere long wiU'come." ... There was hope iu his voice as he spoke, and his companion seemed to be inspired thereby. . , , , " Till that good time, then, Geza;' and their lips met more in hope than in love. Coming footsteps sounded in the distance, and they parted. By various paths there came curious, excited people, all bent upon one destination—all possessed with the same idea. They came to visit the scene of the murder—why, they hardly knew, The morbid fancy had taken possession of them, so they left their work and flocked toward the wood. They gathered in groups round the beech, gesticulating as only a Jewish crowd can. ' r by and by they espied Mira— Geza, at their approach, had mingled among them To her many people went, and proffered their sympathy and goodwill. They felt deeply for her in her bereavement; she was well bolovcd amongst them, and, moreover, was she not the daughter of Aaron, the rich and the just ? Amidst the expressions of condolence frequently he heard impreoations on the murderer and appeals for vengeance, for the heart of many a Jew there was both harsh and sad at this brutal removal of one so eminent amongst them. : " Make way for the police !" As this cry arose, aud the sound of horses' hoots came near, the crowd parted on all sides. A captain of police rode in advauco and drow rein at the tree. It was Count Nicholas Soltikoff A strikingly handsomo nun was he, although dissipation and late hours had played sad havoc with his good looks. At first glance ho might have been taken for a man of stern purpose and set resolve. His eyes were a deep, soft grey, and bespoke determination ; but his-mouth, partially con cealed by a long, droopini; moustache, betrayed weakness aud licentious ness of character. The mouth indicated the man, and his amiability and gallantry were but so much veneer. Count Soltikoff was, however, lion (jarcon with his comrades, and so far as a Russian official can be, was popular with the people under him. " I have come to collect evidence as to this murder," he said, " so in the name of the Czar I command you to assist the course of justice," and' ho haughtingly waved back tho crowd. Dismounting, he and his men made an examination of tho spot and its surroundings, taking notes tho while. " Are the woodmen hero who discovered the body ?" asked tho captain. Tour men came forward and obsequiously bowed to this important personage. They had sooa told all they knew : how they were returning from their work to the village, and had almost fallen over the body as it lay in the path under tho beech-tree. " And you saw nothing and heard nothing previous to this ?' '1 ' They were silent. ; " Do you hear me'!" shouted the captain, angrily, stamping his foot," Thereupon one man spoke, with evident reluotance. "Ivan," ho said, pointing to a shaggy-haired, unintellectual-looking man, standing, cap in hand, with eyes cast down, staring vacantly at the leaveB at his feet, " Ivan thought he heard something " and ho stopped. " Go on, what did Ivan hear ?" "A ghost, aud it please you, sir." "Bah!" Yet the captain involuntarily crossed himself. Ivan Ivanovitch was tapped on the shoulder by the captain's whip and bidden to explain himself. Ho stammered overmuch in telling what little ho had to say: " I am troubled with dreams, and I often hear tho wood-spirits singing when I am at work in tho woods. Last night, by the good Saint Nioholas, as wo walked homo the spirits were singing louder than over, and me thought I heard one shriek. I told my companions so, but they said they heard nothing. The spirits do not trouble them because, as the priest says, they are more liberal at mass, although the good saint himself knows that had I not a largo family I would givo as much as they do." The crowd, in their superstitious fear, vigorously crossed themselves during this speech, but the police captain waved the man impatiently aside, and asked for information such as might lead to a clue. " Did you soe no living man ?" They bowed, and shook their heads. A curious smile flitted over tho Count's face at thoir answor. "They tell me Aaron Rosinsky, whom 1 believe was a man doing no small business in money-lending, held converso, previous to his leaving Warsaw last night with Paul Miswinzki, Abraham Abrahamson and Liehovitz, all poor and needy men." And Count Soltikoff slowly folded up the paper on which the names were written. " By the souls of fathers,|good sir," chimed in the men, "we saw none of them." At this point a man arrived on the scene, and stopping up to tho captain, whispered something in his ear. The man was Novikoff, a well-known polico spy. The crowd looked on curiously, for they knew that this man's arrival had some important bearing on the matter. " Which is Geza Polinski ?" asked the captain, in a loud voice. Geza stopped fortli and answered in a firm, quiet tone, "lam Gezd Polinski; what, sir, is your pleasure with mo ?" " Where were you last night ?' There was no mistaking the menace contained in- this question, put in the captain's harshest voico. Qoza turned deadly p' le.and remained silent. The people elbowed eaoh. other significantly, and Mfepers of suspicion wont round. The captain repeated ^^Buestion. Geza answered that he could not "Then," said his question r, in a commanding tone, " you are arrested on the charge of having murdered Aaron Rosinsky on this very spot. You, I need hardly toll you, Geza Polinski, have for some time past been an objeot of suspicion to the police.. Arrost tho man !" Geza was at once struck dumb. His limbs quivered and his face was ghastly pale. With an effort he recovered himself, and in a voice as firm as he could command ho said, looking the captain full in the facb, " Before my God I am innocent 1" Tho captain shrugged his shoulders and the people muttered inoredu* lously, but full and clear above the hubbub arose a woman's ory of - untold anguish. All eyes were bent upon-Mira. " A comely maiden," said the count to his Jioutenant, with a meaning leer in his eye, " and much too good for this lover of hers, for lover I suppose he is." "It is false," she cried. "It cannot be," and she moved toward the place where her lover stood. Geza mentioned her back. ' " Yes, it is false ; hear me one and all. 'Tis but a plot of the police. I am innocent of this terrible crime." His very earnestness could not fail to impress those who heard him, although matters looked black against him. It was well remembered that he had had words warm and bitter with Aaron the very morning before, and that he had made preparations for immediate departure from the neigh bourhood. Besides this, he had declared himself unable to explain where he was last night when the murder was committed. Ihe policemen approached and made ready to secure him. For a moment he was prepared to resist them to the utmost, but he saw how useless and futile it would be. He, therefore, allowed them to bind him with stout cord that cut into his flesh, for the Russian gendarme has no light hand. _" Believe me, friends " he said in an earnest voice, as they were dragging him away. " although the law may not give me justice, I am innocent of this crime " "Innocent! You lie !" All eyes were turned in the direction whence the voice came, and there Rachel was discovered, a wild, hateful look in her flashing eyes. " Yes, you lie, and this betrays you." She rushed forward and brandished in front of his face a blood-stained knife, shaped like a dagger. " This," she said, menacingly, " cannot bear false witness. This dagger is yours." Geza hung his head and said nothing. The crowd murmured. With them his guilt was clear. Threateningly she held the dagger in her hand, and her fingers twitched and quivered round the handle as if she would like to plunge it in its owner's heart " Yes, the dagger is mine," he eventually said, " but I did not use it." " How came it then wet with the life-blood of the man who came between you and his daughter ?" " I know not," he answered, his words scarcely audible. " An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth !" she gesticulated wildly, as she forced the words through her thin lips. A gendarme approached her, and took away the knife; she made no resistance. All this time Mira stood motionless, but she shuddered visibly when the knife was produced, and covered her eyes with her hands to shut out the distasteful sight. " Child," and she was aroused by a violent clutching of her right arm. She looked up and encountered her mother's eyes, " Remember your father 1" Mira could only tremble. The crowd pressed forward and clustered round the prisoner, whom the police again pushed forward. As Mira looked toward them she met the admiring gaze of Count Nicholas. There was no mistaking its meaning. ThiB was not the first time during the scene that she had met those glanceB, but now he had a strange attraction for her, and she could not take her eyes away. " Child, they take him," and as her mother spoke the spell was broken. Roughly they dragged Geza away. The curses of the people went with him, for in him they saw without a doubt the murderer of Aaron Rosinsky. .One only thought him innocent, and may be love had blinded her eyes. She .offered up a silent prayer for him as they rode off; no other prayer ' accompanied him. But far above the general din could be heard Rachel's fierce and mocking words : " ' An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth /' " 