pteratare. THE WEAKER VESSEL. A NOVEL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Goat,' 'Rainbow Gold,' ' Aunt Rachel,' tea. (Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights reserved.] Chapter XVIIL 1 bad been about two months in Paris, burrowing into all manners of odd cornets, and picking up all manner of strange ac quaintances, when I received a letter from Clara. It came in a fat and bulky en velope, and consisted of no fewer than ten sheets of foreign letter paper, which were covered on both aides. In some wonderment at the voluminous nature of this epistle I locked myself in and sat down to read it. ' My dear John,' it ran, 'Mr. Dela mere was making a great preachment here the other night to mamma and Mary and myself about the rights of insurrection, and the only part I remember of it was that he laid it down as an indisputable proposition that anybody who rebelled wlthont succeeding was wicked, and that anybody who rebelled success fully was worthy of all admiration. I took this lesson upstairs with me and laid it to heart. I counted the chances, and then I rebelled. The rebellion has succeeded completely, and now, if you please, I claim to be worthy of your admi ration. ' I bad long been wishing to write to you, and mamma was very strongly against It. If ever I come to be a charming old lady, and have a headstrong girl to manage, I daresay I shall come round to mamma's present opinions. But being myself the headstrong girl at present, and having to manage the charming old lady, I retain my own. She really is the most charming old lady in the world, and I tell you ao with perfect frankness, because she has made it a condition of her surrender that she shall read whatever I write before it is posted. Mamma has been spoiled by flattery all her life, but is still open to its Influences. 'I suppose that you will begin to get melancholy about it if I tell you that I am in the highest possible spirits ; but as a matter of fact I am. We have been play ing and witnessing the loveliest high comedy here ever since your departure. Mr. Jones, to use your friend's delightful expression, has been Sebastian Dolmering about the house in the most artistically inspired manner ever since you saw the last of it We know now that he made a formal proposition to Mr. Delamere for the hand of bjB daughter. How stately that sounds, to be sure ! Mr. Delamere appears to have given the word of com macd for the siege of the citadel, and Mr. Jones has been sitting down before it ever since. Mary used tohave amuch loftier opinion of Mr. Delamere's godson than I have ever found myself able to rise to. My wings always refused to carry me on that flight, though I really did at one time flap them quite industriously. But since the high road of goodopinionseemedlikely to land Mary in thequagmireof matrimony, she does not travel on It any longer. I am told that it is a dreadfully unladylike word to use, but I will write it in letters as small as my quill can make, and you may take it for a kind of shocked whisper I am very much of opinion that Mr. Jones is a humbug. I have been burning for months to say this to somebody, and now that I have it off my my mind my spirits are higher than ever. ' At first 1 was dreadfully anxious when I heard of this terrible proposal, and for a whole day or two I was left to wonder what would happen. By and-bye I began to observe that the suitor was less ex alted and confident than he had seemed at first, and I was sensible enough to put a sound construction upon this pheno menon. Hot does a phenomenon look when you pnt a sound construction on it 1 It Bounds as if it would be fanny, like one of Doyle's grotesque fairy-pictures. The elder Delamere seemed to take the thing almost as much to heart as the younger one, and the pair were delidously gloomy . and stately for a time. You would have thought that papa was suffering from the same panes of blighted affection as afflicted Sebastian, and they both bore their sorrow with such a braggadocio meekness, and so wore their hearts upon their sleeves, that no daw with a touch of human nature in her could have kept herself from pecking at diem. I am afraid that I have been a great trouble to Mr. Dela mere and his candidate. I am almost afraid that at times I have really meant to be, but they have been altogether too in* viting to be resisted. ' Of course Mr. Delamere a Buttering silence did not endure long. He talks ao beautifully that he really can't help talk Ing, and 1 thiuk it a bit of a pity that he Is so excellent a conversationalist. If he had not been able to talk so nicely about everything he might have seen his way to doing something. When once the ice was broken the fountain ran for days, and everybody in the house was drenched with the noblest maxims Mamma in particular was so wet through, with them that I could not touch her without squeezing two or three to the surface. Bis favorite theme was the growth of J aelf will In the young and the falling-off of ' reverence for the parental ideal. I an writing about it now as if it had been pure fun for everybody all along, but I assure you that It was nothing of the kind at the time. It is only In the contempla tion of it now that the trouble is all over that one can see the comic side of it. I vras I ao sorry for Mary, and ao angry at that ! pitilecs shoner of words, that I sometimes ' found it hard to be merely civil to Mr. j Delamere. The worst of it is— or perhaps ' it is the best of it— Mary believes tn her ' father to such an extent that it would be j quite cruel to try to lessen her opinion of I birr.. Your friend Mr. Pole Is very fanny and aarasiDjr sometime*. We met him hut night at the Revels, and he was detenbisg somebody whom I do nob know. He said that this gentleman, to to his wife's mind, was auch ? very large potato that it would break her heart to see him pared. But for this lady's affection it appears that some friend of Mr. Pole's was quite prepared to pare the potato, and judging from what he said, to reduce its dimensions very considerably. It brought Mr. Delamere and Mary Irresis tibly to my mind. I do seriously be lieve that if It were possible to peel all the pretence off that gentleman he would make a rival to Tom Thumb. ?'But now I must tell you what has tcally happened. I am so glad of my liberty that I have been compelled to race ronnd in these preliminary circles before sitting down to steady narrative, like a dog just unchained, or a pigeon starting for home, which, when I come to think of it, is a prettier and more ladylike simile. Mr. Jones had actually and formally pro posed, and Mary had definitely and for mally declined to accept him. Mr. Dela mere, after the first frozen days of silence, had poured on as that deluge of eloquence of which I have already told you. But I have not told you that he had a second or alternative theme, which dealt with the crime of concealment in social affairs. Ton remember something of this, but it was repeated as if Its variety were as in finite as Cleopatra's, and it could neither be staled by age nor withered by custom. The text of it was, of course, afforded by your friend, Mr. Pole, and I heard him preached against so often that I ended by taking a liking to him. 'And now comes the fun of the whole position. Mr. Pole stayed in the country with Lord Warboroughfor quite six weeks after your departure. Then he and his lord ship, who is quite recovered, came up to town together, and Mr. Pole made a call at Cromwell-terrace. All this time Mary had been pumped on by the paternal pump until she could scarcely have had a dry moral thread to call her own, and she was getting quite depressed and thin under this hydropathic treatment. ' I think Mr. Pole has very decidedly improved in appearance. He does not look so stern and stony as he used to do. He j is rather grave and quiet, but I am sure that he has a great deal more humor than he shows, for I have seen his eye twinkle very often when Mr. Delamere has been talking ; and I have been consolous that if anybody had caught me at the same moment they might have seen the same signs. He stayed only an hour at his first call, and on the following day he came again, bringing his lordship with him. You did not at all exaggerate when yon told me what a dear old gentleman he is. I never met a lord before, to speak to, though I have looked at a whole menaererie of them through the gilded railings at West minster, and I was a little afraid of him at first. He is old-fashioned and stately, but there is such a beautiful courtesy in every thing he says and doea that I think him perfectly lovable. He is just what an old nobleman ought to be, and all our hearts went down before him like so many nine pins. 'Mr. Jones, of course, Is always about the house, and he and Mr. Delamere did moBt of the talking. His lordship seemed extremely pleased and interested by them, and you know that when you do not get too much of them they can both be very clever and amusing. ' We were treated that night to a new lecture, and it was such an unmixed bless ing to get a change from the old ones that we all welcomed it with enthusiasm. At times it was really beautiful and affecting, and it was all about the Moral Advantages of the Territorial Sentiment. On the very next day his lordship called alone, and was closeted with Mr. Delamere. Mamma and I were out at the time, and I only heard of this afterwards ; but when I got home I met Mary, and I was quite certain at once that something had hap pened. I don't think I ever saw anybody looking so beautiful as she did. You know what very fine and speaking eyeB she has. They were all sparkling and gentle at the same time, and when I had coaxed her a little she told me that Lord Warboroueh had spoken to Mr. Delamere about a marriage between her and Mr. Pole. It was like the dear stately old gentleman to come himself and to show that he approved of the match, for of course the future Lord War borough will be very much above Miss Delamere In wealth and social station, though after all a lady can only be a lady, and Mary would have been an empress by now if emperors were sensible people. ' There are some things about which it doesn't seem the least use in the world to try to say anything. If I were trying to tell a stranger what happened next I should fall into pure despair. I know that I shouldn't succeed In conveying ashadow of the truth. But you are not a atran ger, and 1 think that yon have a little imagination. Pray let it looBe, and try to picture to yourself Mr. Delamere that evening struggling in Mr. Jones's presence with the rudiments of a new discourse on ' The Blending of the Ar turtle and Territorial Ideals.' Poor Mr. Jones was very mournful under this, and though I could not help feeling that he has made us all suffer very much by his perseverance, I was sorry for him when his ally deserted him. He still comes to the house, and Mr. Delamere and he are a gread deal together ; but Mr. Pole calls every day, and the poor thlDg most cer tainly be excessively uncomfortable. He ddtes not seem to have the strength of mind to go away. I wish he would, for as it is 1 cannot help being a little un happy about him at times. He dashes those high spirits I told you of, although I must confeas that his aira of martyrdom are sometimes a little trying. What mates me pity him most 1b the altogether heartless way in which Mr. Delamere has turned npon him. Only last night we had a new discourse on ' The Philosophical Acceptance of the Inevitable,' which was ao cruel and at the same time so funny that I really wonder how I lived through it and kept my countenance. I had to look hard at the table all the while, and I said to myself again and again that it would be most shameful to wound Mary by laughing. Isucceeded in sitting through it, but 1 was quite hysterical in my own room afterwards. 'So now you see that, with the ex ception of poor Mr. Jones, everybody is happy. Mr. Delamere makes a pretence of coolness about the match, which some times throws a little shadow over Mary's spirit* ; but I can see clearly that he only does this to let himself down easily. There is no talk about an immediate marriage, and I suppose everybody feels that such a suggestion would seem a little Indelicate in view of what has happened, 'And now, since I have rebelled in your behalf and my own, you must answer this, and tell me all about yourself and your doings I have never seen Paris, but I have read a prodigious deal about it within the last two months. I cannot imagine what it is that has made me take so sudden an Interest in the French capital. Perhaps you can. I have told mamma that it is all nonsense to talk or think of my changing, and beyond that 1 am not going to say anything, except that lam ' Youra, ' Claka.' This epiBtle delighted me on many grounds, selfish and unselfish. A week later I got a letter from Pole, who I sup pose bad been too busy In his new-found hopes of happiness to write before. I wrote back, congratulating him with all my heart, and now that a means of com munication between Clara and myself had been opened up. and the one creature in the world I loved best after her was going to be happy, everything seemed bright *gain. Bmiling seas and a steady breeze abeam, and gay elies and bauners flying in the wild, and the gladdest music aboard, and 'Land ho !' and the sweetest bay of the land of promise reaching forth its green mm in welcome. Then ? trash, and the sunken rock that no man dreamed of has rent us trom stem to stern. Chapter XIX. My commanding officer and colleague was Mr. Alexander MacUray. Oar office wss up four pairs of stain in the Rue de la Paix. It has very pronouncedly blossomed out since then, and nowadays its gilded signboard is visible from half-way down the Boulevard des Capucines ; but at that time we were humble, and even a little Bohemian in our ways and aspect. Journalism has grown of late yean Into a recognised profession. One feels, in setting that statement upon paper, guilty of an actual banality ; and yet, as I re member the business a quarter of a century back, it was very little of a recognised profession at all, and a vast number of its followers were harum-scarum, clever, sociable, lovable, and good-for-nothing people, who dressed as it pleased them, drank habitually more than was good for them, kept the inBanest hours, and generally conducted themselves as though they knew they were outside the claims and privileges of ordinary society. I am of a staid and sober turn of mind, and never cared greatly for the wilder sort of revelry ; but I look back with an affec tionate regret to some of the old times and scenes, and many of the lost faces. I dare say I am getting to be an old fogey ; but I look round iu vain amongst the De gloved, tall- hatted, frock- ooated contin gent of to- day for the merriment, the jollity, the good-fellowship, the open handedness, which went along with the ramshackle life, the billycock hat, and the smoke- scented jacket. There was never a personage in this world less Bohemian than Mr. Alexander Macllray. He was a particularly re spectable Scot, who dressed uniformly in black and whose gloves and linen were always perfectly clean and orderly. He seemed never to go anywhere unless called thither by affairs, and he lived without friends or acquaintances outside his busineBS. He was by no means an ungenial little man, but he was always occupied, out of the hours of actual work, in 'getting bis tools together,' as he phrased it. 'The beainess of a journalist, Mr. Denham, 1b to know everything that 1b to be known. Univairsal knowledge is per haps empossible — 1b, in fact, empossible fortheendividual — butthe mere truth that a theng Is empossible has no right to de bar a man from attempting it. Get your tools in order, Mr. Denham. Know everything that ye can lay your mental hand upon.' He broke out on me with thisbeforelhad known him for a week, and repeated it con stantly with unction, and sometimes with a startling air of originality, as if the thought had just occurred to him and he was in haste to express it before it vanished. He had an odd way of expressing sympathyandasense of companionship. Sometimes when we had been sitting silent for an hourormore, each engaged in his own task, he would push his work aside, and gazing at me in a friendly fashion through his gold-rimmed glasses, would smooth his red hair with both hands and say ' Ay, ay, Mr. Denham. Ay, ay, lad. Ay, ay !' in a tone of cheerful certainty and conviction. Then he would turn to againathiatask of getting his tools together. I euppose be got too many tools together, and so filled his mental workshop that he had no room to move about In it. He himself did next to nothing with the paraphernalia he collected. He used to remind me sometimes of some imaginable frantically- generous ironmonger, who kept a prodigious stock of every sort of imple ment for every trade beneath the skies, knew the practical handling ot no one of them, and gave away his stock all day among the passers-by. I got to have a superstitions belief in Mr. Macllray's omniscience. He was a walking cyclo paedia. I bepuzzled myself with pro blems for his puzzlement, and never caught him. People who have not met ihis sort of man hardly know how to believe in him. One would have thought that nothing less than a lifetime would have served a man to learn Paris, for instance, as Macllray knew it. ' When I first came to this cetty I med up my mind that it was my duty to know it. So I just set myself down in the meddle of it and obsalrved. Then, sir, in a while I began to radiate. Now, as a matter of fact and experience, it's not that easy to radiate as ye might fancy. Ye waut a heap of preliminary knowledge. I'm thenking that if a man began his denner with his cheese, and worked back his way to the soup, he'd find his digestive organs getting out of order in a whilie. There's a way of absorbing a cetty or a subject, just as there's a way of absorbing your dernier, and ef you take the wrong ye're like to find yourself bothered by a speretual endigestion.' In apite.of this admirable exordium I found when I came to try him that he had formulated no scheme at all for the absorp tion of subject or city. He used to stand In that overcrowded warehouse of his and survey his tools with a constant satisfac tion, and used to lav down Dhilosonhical theories beyond counting for the increase of his armoury ; and at first I used to wait for the announcement of some great task, some Herculean feat of letters or of learning, to which he had set himself single-handed. The revelation never came. He was a silmple-minded little man, la spite of all his learning, and he had a boyish enthusiasm of admiration for faculties which lay outside his own range, fie could flow out, measureless, upon paper, not in a stream which went any where, but in a sort of bog of mingled thought and fact over which no man could travel drjahod. Bat to get the gist of a thing Inside the journalistic nutshell was altogether impossible for him, and since 1 wae uot long in perceiving the necessity of the trick, and speedily acquired the knack itself, he used to admire me in a way eo candid and open that £ blushed before him. 'Ay, lad!' he would say, 'ye have but to get your tools together, and ye'll make :i workman.' Then he would go to his own labors, or dive into the packed intricacies of his inward storehouse, and would emerge an hour later with a cheer ful ' Ay ay, Mr. Denham ! Ay, ay, lad ! Ay, ay !'' as if I had said something to elicit his most cordial sympathies. He worked up four pairs of stairs in the Rue de la Paix, and he lived up six pairs of stairs in an eminently respectable board ing- house in the Boulevard Haass maun. As I got to be more and more Ultimate with him he took very kindly to n.e, but it was a week or two after the reception of Clara's letter that I paid my first visit to his quarters. I had begun to think that we should never come to an end ot the stairs when he paused upon the sixth landing and threw open the door vhicb. led to a tolerably spacious and very orderly apartment. His bed was snugly tucked away in one corner and surrounded by a screen, and a great bookcase filled the opposite wall from floor to ceiling. 1 here was not one volume of mere enter tainment on its shelves, but there were grammars and dictionaries, atlases and gazetteers, dictionaries of biographies and dates, bogebonnd folios of tthe Entr'acte, cob w ebbed all over with shorthand criticisms of performances, volumes of histoiy by the hundred, works on chemistry, metallurgy, conchology, and on the lower shelves a battalion of ency clopedias. ' Bere are the tools for a journalist, Mr. Denham,' he said, with a subdued pride, as he saw me examining bis books. 'Get the contents of those pages well into jonrmitd, and there is no depart ment of human enort Into the consedera tion whereof ye will not be prepared to t-nter.' 1 suggested that the tools were there, and that it might suffice to take them 1 down as they were wanted, but this : eeimed positively to shock Macllray. 'ffetmL lad!' he exolakaed warmly. 'Tlwe'sncJthtogthatanuncaneallhlfl owntn this wide warid bat that which fa packed away in the head and the soul of him. Ctrry your weapons about with ye, and then no man can catch y'unarmed at any moment.' I persisted in thinking that if a man would carry about with him arms enough for fifty people he might find himself em barrassed in a chance conflict which came suddenly npon him, but if my theories had been very kobinoon of practice it wss too late to present them to Maollray. I liked the simple-hearted, prim-spoken little bookworm very warmly, and he returned my liking. So we got on ad mirably together, and not uofrequently I spent my evenings in his room. He gave me to understand, in a very friendly way, that I was to regard my first introduction there as a standing invitation. 'The place, such as it is, Mr. Denham, is open to ye. Within it's compass I can cay for it that ye'll find no more useful mass o' knowledge than ye see collected here. Sf ever ye're passing this way with an hour to spare and ye want to re fresh your mind ye'll just walk upstairs as ef the place belonged to ye, whether I'm en or out I'll give word to the coiiciSrge below stain to that effect.' I accepted his cordial invitation, and in a little while the house on the Boulevard Hauasmann knew me almost as well as if I were an inmate. The day before which I was forbidden by maternal authority to visit Clara came slowly nearer and more near. The nearer it grew the more the hours lagged to my Impatient fancy, but at last I stood within four-and-twenty hours of starting. I bad secured a two days' holiday, and In the afternoon — T remember that it was a Saturday, and a day of exceptional slack ness— I visited Mr. Macllray to talk over with him one or two matters which would have to be attended to in my absence for which no definite arrangements had been made. We talked things over, and then fell Into some friendly discussion, bo that I lingered for an hour or two. We were still in the full flush and glory of the summer, but the staircases of the house were dark In places, where the illumination which struck through certain gloomy little skylights and portholeB could not reach. I was half way down when I heard the silken rustle of a dress below me, and made myself small to let the wearer pass. She was in shadow, and a narrow stream of light, with the motes dancing thickly in it, played across the dimness and half obliterated all objects which lay beyond it. I stood In a corner and waited for a second or two whilst the wearer of the silken dress came at a very leisurely pace step by stop along the stairs until all on a sudden, with such a shock as seemed to stop my heart, I saw the face of that dead wife of Pole's spring Into the radiance shot across the staircase by the sinking sun. The proud, hard, disdainful eyes blinked in the sudden light, and the woman, seeing an instant) later that some one stood by to make room for her, gave me a scornful, undls cerning glance from head to foot and went slowly by. If I had not been supported by the wall I should have fallen in the horror of my amazement. I heard the silken rustle and the deliberate footstep pace the cor ridor above, and I heard the click of the handle of a door, and then the door Itself slammed noisily. I do not know hqs^ bj any art of words, to convey to the tdjK- standing of another the sensations wtScn aBsailed me. I think that amongst the chief of them was a swift and terrible cer tainty that nothing in the world was real, and that I was somehow sunk in the middle of an eternal emptiness of space. When the first shock was over I found that I was shaking from head to foot, and that my face and hands were moist. My head was whirling so that the stairs were a kind of terror to me. I climbed to the landing and stood there awhile, striving to collect myself, and then, rather by instinct, as I thought afterwards, than because of any definite purpose in my mind, I went back to M&curay;'s room. The sound of my own knuckles as I tapped at the door and the brusque imperative ness of his ' Entrez' in reply did something to dissipate the still lingering sense of the general unreality of things. Macllray told me afterwards that he had never In hto life seen a face on which the expression of pure horror was fixed so vividly. I can well believe that, In the memory of the reflection of my own ex pression which I saw in his. He darted at me and threw one arm about me. ' For all sakea, man,' he demanded, ' what's the matter ? Where is it 1 Are you hurt?' He moved me to a chair, and kneeling down beside me passed bis hands over me from head to foot with a rapid skilful feeling touch, like that of a practised sur geon. Then rising and keeping a back ward glance upon me he went swiftly to a cupboard, and producing from it a bottle of cognac poured out a wineglass ful, and returning held It to my lips. I drank It eagerly, and the spirit burned like fire and set me coughing. It steadied my nerves, however, and set mv heart at work again with a more healthful action. 'Denham, my lad,' said Macllray, standing over me wineglass in hand, ' ' ye look as if ye'd seen a ghost.' ' I have,' 1 answered. He stared at me in pare amazement. ' I'm a believer in many things,' he responded, 'but I'm no believer In ghosts, until I can trap one for myself, and submit him to a chemical analysis. Just think it out, lad. What 1b it that's scared ye ?' I made a great effort and succeeded In pulling myself together. 'I saw,' I answered, 'a minute ago, on the stairs outside, a woman over whose grave 1 stood more than three months back. I had the certificate of that woman b death In my hands. I saw the tombstone erected on her grave. 1 my Efclf gave the necessary orders for It, and saw them carried out.' ' You're talking naturally enough,' said Macllray, looking at me with a shrewd enquiry. ' Are ye Bure there's nothlDg ? ?' He tapped his forehead, 'Eh ?' ' 'If,' I answered, 'I am not mad, or If— and I know better — I have not been the victim of some wild hallucination, I have seen that woman. If she Is an in mate of this house you cannot fail to have noticed her.' ' Tfcll me what Bhe's like,' he said. ' Dark,' I answered, ' with level Wack eyebrows and full red Hps. She has a swarthy pallor, and she looks at you at you as if she would kill you if she had the power. It's a haunting face. No man who has seen it once and taken note of it could forget it. A cruel, proud, re ^engerui, sen aisdamfal face. 'Ay. man,' he said, nodding at me. j 'There's such a woman in the house, j Madame Damal she calls herselL She's ' uncommonly lively in the temper for a j woman that's been dead and buried.' ; ' Madame Damal '{' I answered con- [ fusedly. ' Does she speak French ?' i ' Speak French ?' repeated Macllray. ' It's likely she would. She's a French- j woman born and bred. It's her native ; language. 1 suspect, my lad, you're jast been hit by some extraordinary likeness. I confess,' he went on, as if he wished : to soothe me, ' that I would not have j thought that there had been two faces j like that in the world. I thank my stars at least that T never saw another like it.' ' These are no two faces,' I answered obstinately ; 'that woman is alive.' \- L\Ay' *y-' cried MacDray, half pet tishly, 'that woman ;»? alive. But ttie dead cne isn't I don't like these uncanny fancies, and I'll juat tell ye what we'll do, lad. It's denner time in half an hour. ' A bell clanged loudly through the house at this moment. ' There's the warning for it. Ye'll calm your nerves, and come down with me to denner. It happens, to my oft disturbance, that I sit opposite the lady. Ye'U have a chance for a good look at her, -and ye'll sleep Mnethe won* for being sore that you've been mistaken. I am half ashamed to say it; ball shrank from this ordeal with an actual tenor. I fought It down, however, and resolved that 1 would go through with ft. Macllray fell into a reverie from whloh he awoke with his accustomed sonorous watchword of sympathy and approval. ' Ay, ay, Denham i Ay, ay, lad !' when the second bell rang. ' Ye're all right now, lad ? Ye're not going to make an exhibition of yourself ?' he asked me as we went down stain together. I answered that he might rely upon me, and we entered the dining room. Macllray, with a flourish of polite rieae, introduced me to the lady of the house. ' M. Denham, mon collogue, qul eera un de cea joun un homme remar quabie.' This gave me something of a start, but I suspected Macllray a moment later of a friendly intention to turn me from the contemplation of the one idea which filled my mind. He chattered with more than common fluency to the landlady, and dragged me neck and heels into the conversation. We were amongst the first arrivals at table. By and- by others came in, to the number of twenty, and we all sat down. The space opposite Macllray was vacant, and remained vacant until the fish was served. Then the woman whom I had seen upon the stain came in and took her seat there. I experienced no new shook, but her face held me with an urgent fascina tion, and I was compelled again and again, in spite of myself, to peruse every feature of her face, even when I had arrived at a fixed and rooted certainty. She spoke once or twice in the voice that I remembered, but with an accent so finished and natural that it would have been Impossible to any one to whom the language had not been customary from infancy. Sometimes the intentness of my , regard drew hen upon me, but she never gave me ence the faintest sign of recogni tion. The cruel, self- despising, alldespls Ing eyeB looked straight into mine, and were withdrawn with all their old in different hauteur. Certain as 1 was of her identity, the perfect indifference of her manner shook me once or twice, and even when it made its weakest impression upon me served to sustain the tumult of my mind. The dinner might have lasted a year rather than an hour ; but at length it was over. The ladies rose and moved away. The men settled down about the windows and lit their cigarettes. Macllray and I were left alone, and he drew me by a gesture to the far end of the room. {Standing there and looking upwards at a print, with his head critically on one side, as if he were examining It, he let fall a single word of question — ' Well ?' ' That is the woman,' I responded. 'Did she ever know you,' Macllray asked, 'in the days before she died and got buried?' 'She knew me,' I answered, 'and had reason to remember me.' 'She's a very pretty actress in that case,' he Bald. I had had time to think this extraordi nary matter over, and I had come to my own conclusions. 'That woman,' I said deliberately, laying a hand upon Macllray's breast and looking him calmly in the face, 'has en tered Into a conspiracy with a little Jew solicitor in London to spread abroad the false Intelligence of her own death, in order that her husband, whom she hates, shell be entrapped into contracting a mar riage with another woman. She promised in my hearing to make his life a burden to him, and this Is the way in which she has chosen to make that promise good.' 1 saw a change in his face as I spoke, ard I saw, though I could not toll why, that, he abandoned had his mistrust. 'Hold your tongue one moment, man,' he eaid. ' Don't speak to me Let me think. A little Jew solicitor ? An over dressed man with white teeth. Ay, ay ! He's been here.' 'Bis name,' I Bald, ' was ? ' ' Walt !' ' cried Macllray. 'His name was ' — I could see him searching in his own mind, and the light in his face told me that he had recalled it before he spoke the word — ' Goldsmith.' ' That is the man,' I answered, ' and this woman is the wife, heaven help him, of my dearest friend !' (To be continued.) 