THE IRISH QUESTION. Srn, — Your issue of to-day contains an article directed to those who take an interest in Irish affairs, and who have heard the pros and cons ; but as some of your readers may not hear the cons, kindly give me space for a few words in that direction. On this subject I have no desire to be aggressive, but as a cause and its party are attacked I feel impelled to ask the favor, as they are not in a position to defend themselves, and if they were it is more than probable that they would pass it by unheeded. The writer twits the noble Lord Harrington (as the frog apes the ox) for addressing an audience who 'knew nothing of Irish affairs,' but at the same time we find Mr Dillon addressing an audience in the very heart of Lancashire which, according to the writer's theory, knew all about Ireland because the speaker was a Home Ruler, and vice versa. The ? 1 l,a„Wl oc usual reads the article in question, ' Down trodden Ireland,' ''Cliques of oppressors,' remarkably adapted to an audience like Harrington's, but to one who knows the facts of the case it is rather amusing. I and my forefathers have lived for genera tions in Ireland, and never knew of such a place and never heard of such a ' clique,' save from the oppression of the honest rent- payer, who, by his honesty, came under the boycotting anathema of his Home Rule brethren, who continue u in MTC aliniit tlio cruel treatment they are subjected to. Some of your readers may not ' know Irish' matters, but I doubt if the article in question will supply their lack of infor mation. We are told, over and ova: about ' English oppression,' but the writer has not told us what that consists of, and I doubt if be could give a definition of such. No people has given more provocation ; no Government on the face of the earth would have been so lenient ; no part of the British Isles is treated better— but still Home Rule stalks abroad like a troubled ghost. The very name of our beloved Queen is hooted ; and hissed. When Parnell took the Home ; Rule reins he declared ' he would not take off his coat for less than nationality,' but as a stepping-stone Gladstone's Bill would satisfy for the present. How condescend ing! 'Obstruction within and lawlessness without became the order of the day, or rather of the night. ' Lawlessness, not so,' says the writer,' here are statistics.' Yes, but do they give the number of tails cut off cattle, the number of ears cut off horses or otherwise mutilated, the number boy cotted, the number of times tbe incendiary has applied the torch to the property of the honest and industrious. Ah, no, the truth and the whole trnth has not been told, nor won't be told. Statistics for tliree provinces. Ulster never mentioned. Here lies the secret of Ireland's prosperit v, proving without the shadow of a doubt that t lie mucli-talked-of oppression is a dire fallacy, and that the people them selves, and not either the' English Govern ment.'' or ' Landlordism,' are the sole and only cause of Ireland's woes. — Yours, etc., Limjsbxck. [Our correspondent starts with the state ment that he does not desire to be aggressive, but it looks very much like it, as he takes every i by w iieue vci uc ccco ucau to endeavor to hit it. It is owing to the action taken by such Irishmen as he that . the settlement of the question is prevented. The tone in which he writes is quite suffi cient to exclude his letter, but we are anxious to show both sides, and therefore suffer it to appear. — Ed. D.T.~\ 