THE SEARCH FOR ITULLIGAN'S FORTUNE Er W. T. PAlaa. Well, ye see, yer bonour, Paddy Mulligan lived always to himself-that is, not alto gather, as ye might say, to himself Ohorooghly all out, for he wouldn't refuse a rIat or a quart for the matther of that, rom a frind now an' thin, but be didn't want to encourage mooh of a resort to hise lodgin'.. It wasn't because they war in a buck ethreet, for he wasn't proud. The dlekens a hit of oonsate was inl poor Paddy, but he had the name of a hape of money, an' aoibody ever hbserd the jingle of it hut him delf. So It was a sort of ourioally to find out bow be was livin', but, 'ocute enough, he kep' all to hlmealf, like a hermit of the mountaires, whin he was in his tcp back room. Now and thin ye'd fnd him with an odd abillin', but, like a motherlera call, it wes always alone. Paddy seemed to have no relations, or, if is had, he didn't encourage their meiaintanaoee. But there's one thing certain -Paddy wae full up of money, wherever on earth he managed to scrape it up. Some esay that be dhramin' one night ha onna onut where there was a orook of goold hti in the Dublin mountaine-that he dug it ep in the dark and carried 1I home in a basket covered with water-oreases. *'Y Tr baket"e avery heavy,' siz a polals to him one mornin.' What have ye got in it ! 'Nothln',' air Paddy. 'Just let me look at nothin',' efz the polio. Ah, it'e only ods for a lark I have in he bakLet this mornin',' 'Well, just for a lark, I'11 have a look at ihim,' aiz the coastable, An' whin he seen the goold, ' Sit down on the ditch here,' sie tie. 'I'm not gain' to sop in the force-I don't like it, and I hate to be an Informer, so we'll divide the money an' say nothin'. Pa eouldn'dt help it, so they squared it tn theb tih. Bt bhat's only a hit of the gcasip that got out about him-just because his neighbours were jealous. Two or three times be was on the pop of beain' mrried, but somehow he found out It was the money the girls wor dhrlvin' st, an' he dhrew out of the job en a sudden. ' Hie bheckmated thlm,' as Lannigan thes wa use 2e say. Well, tho' be grew to be a party stale owld bachelor, all hie money, wherever he kept it, couldn'e bowld the breath in ie body. An' one morain' after wonderin' what was become of him thro' not havin' turned up elese the day befcr began, a polls brook open the dare, and found poor Paddy Mulligan eatthered over the bed, a dead corpse. bre. Kelly, the landlady, said, 'His eowl must have tuck its f'ght In the nighs.' They had a powerful sarch all over the oom for the moan y up In the top back somn. An' afther a terrible sight of throuble, alt In the world that they gould eome aorqss was four and nispenee half-penny in the lift.band ealleo pocket of his throwsern. . The coecer brought his inkwestrround an' eat on Paddy; but peba I They might..ae well be thryin' to sorape the eliver off the moon. Not a ecrsp of sash, or any paper teoasarnin' any deposit, was found either taeide the room or oateside the room. This was the quarest thing at all. What .4 the world had become of his fortune? Wasi tuek by the fairies? Or where was It scattered to at all, at all! He hadn't been robbed, for his wiady and date wor bowlted all right whin bhe wa toed lyi' dead that moronia'. Some said may be the polls grueed It into his mittens, or it might have been perristed away be the owid boy; for poor Paddy wasn't all out a complate patthern Is ega'rd-of-ble religions duties. ,e athataa itmar, we'ra nobtgdh' fifagi the erather, now he's gune;. but what bd tesome of him propeety was one of the dead mayerets of the ethreat where Paddy lodged. Some said the landlady had pat her enawles on it, bu easre I knaew her well aneself, for I was aeortin' her, till I threw her o, beo larnia' that bshe couldn't have stole a flook of It; an' she died in the poorhouse either. Well, poor Paddy was only just pat into the ground for about a fortnight, whl a atbranger hem to the house, an' with big eare rowlin' down hble nose, hbe towld Mrs. Kurrigana, the landlady, that he was the last Chin' nephew of Paddy Mlligan bhis unaole. Hes disocursed her for awhile, an towld her be was preparin' for the Church; an', pick 4e' a prayerhbook out of bhis breast pooket, he axed her, with a mournful groan, to he alowed up to the room where Paddy gev op Bls ghost, so that he might pray a few ayoera for the poor nea'ortunate sperrit of tel 00ele. Well, he med seeh a poor mouth, an' was eon out up in respect of wishin' to sove his unoce's eowl, that the widow oouldn't refuse the orather. So she brought him apetaire, ealosked the door, an' let him in. Be gave three nloap ebuhehyard sighe as if his heart was brook. ' An',' sir he, aid more big tare beltin' down his nose, aia he, 'I don't wast to be disturbed, Mrs. Kerrigan, while I'm at me rayors. An', wid yt r lave, I'd like to look smesel in,' 'To be auor ye may, an' welcome.' sir she. La' she harried off downstaire to answer a hank that kem to the dare, Well, he hoppin an' throttln', sure enoog be was a quare long time wrastli' wid his yen, an' tbe widow was beginh n' to get atlent at the taydious delay bes was ' An' she was jost halfway up the stair, when the feet waes nearly took from undher her be tbafright or hearin' the moas awfoat erseehinl' somin' rom the room where she thought th igsphew was syha' his Wid the heart lipple' habout In her hossam she listened, an' she beard a whippla' bawl of * Holy salite in glory Ivi me I Oh, eals, lit me out, an' I'll never dar to some sear the place 6gln so look for yer monesy I 0eb ownes, moroher alive I Mordher I Will no one saome an' sve me?' It wes a very dark wlslber's night, and Mrs. Kerrigan took fill' jumps down thes staira that ye'd thilk she'd brake her seck. The heart was put aoress, an' she ree out without her bonnet to thry sa' get a polils man, and, alter marohib'aout for some time, Ihe octab one hidi' in a hall round the norner, heatn' a smoke, 'Coms round, tiolls,' si the, * at once; there's mnrdher in the hbooase The polls had only just lit the pipe. He didn't like to he dietorbed,for he wee a proud sort of constable, en piecin' the oeal oat of his pipe, he eqouared hblmsell oup before her with a coneated turn, an' stotfn' she clay pipe in his hbrzzom, he sxed where wes the rew. 'Oh, don't I tell ye off round the corner a man bas been murdhered up in the top room. Come sored as oce. poEis, or tIecoll be holy elaughter.' The polis prominaded srlemnly roond the eorner to Mrs. Kerrigan's houtse. n' gain' up the stairs, he tut his ehcwldheragin the dure an' int it ila. An' there, op In the off sorner, bawlin' out for thebs bare life, was the sephew of his untle, jammed sideways egln the waineolt so tight that ye'd think he was growin' aut of It. His asm was stack thro' a hole in the board right up to the ioot of lbe showldher, so' he rowed that the ghaboat of hls uncle or the divil bed him cotch into the well. While all this fuss and throoble was goea' on In Mrs. Kerrigan's house, a man belted out attheexlthosefcr thebaselife,nearly,ye might say, half.nksed, in his shirt an' throwsers. An' teril' around for anothber polit, as lock wield have it, he dbroppsd on she eergeant, wipin' froth off hbl moeustaesher, out of the bahck dare of a publo house. boos., ' nergeant, acme round here. I want to show ye a ret that I've enth in a thrsp, an' I'm goin' to eel the tarcier at him. Come on, sergeant.' The sargeant wee of a sportin' torn, so hbe started off t once to see the rat.hbot, an' I suppose wid a sperrit of keespin' ordher If there wasn't fair play. Up he wint up the stifra to the top beak room. His companlon unlocked the dare. 'Look there, aergeant-ye eec how I've eatch him.' At the same moment there was en oho of roars behind the well in the next room. And harein' over the shelt of a press in the wall, an tied by aekalp of rope to the leg of the table, was the human hand of a men. Oh, not a word of e in it. II was notbch there like a deuble-headed revel. What's yar namem ' eis the sergeant, 'Me name i. Miak MHogh.' 'Well, tell us all ebonu it,' esI the sergeant. Mick pointed to some bake of coppers that wor lyin' on ths table, 'Dye see thim money.hmgs, sergemat? Well, I had them looked op in the preas, sure enough, afle an' somnd. An' I had only turred into bed, when I heerd a tapple' an' sesatehln' at the back of the preas. I didn't mind it at frst, but, begart, whin I beerd esomehard outin' and sooflln' thro' the board, I qoietly onlooked the prees, an' there seen tek light of a ceandle thro' a bole already made in the hooard at the book of the press. 'An' afther a while a head was throet thro' the hbole. The robberoter h world hbad only time to keloh howld of oneol me money. bags, whin I put a stopper on his night's work be grippi' a sudden howlt of his fet. I had a piece of rope in the copbord jest handy, an' I tied him to the leg of the table. 'Sergeant, wasn't it fortunate that I hap. pened to bea in so early, or I'd be desthroyed entirely V' 'But where did ye manrage to get all the bags of coppere?' siz the sergeant. * Well. I'm ina eharity collestor, and bshim Ie me rounds for the week.' An' ool look wase on me side, to be t soon this evenin', or I'd have got me'elf into famla' throuble.' All tbl while there was great commotion in the next room. ''Well, now,' lis the sergeant, 'do you keep mn eye to the hand weale I go Into the other house, an' let it loose whln I give ye the word. I'll just finod out who is It owns it.j He thin wint up through Mrs. Kerrlgen's hoouse, an' there he seen the other polls in a puzzle wid the neIghbours round Paddy's nephew, where be was stoak agin the wall like a barsaele to a rook. ' Let go yer howld of him, Mick M'ilegh,' roared thebs sergeaet, 'until we bring hism down to the statoo.' fo Paddy's nephew was throtted off between the two polls wid burglary an' false preteooes, an' other serious orfmes. SWhat have ye got to say why slotence shonuldnt be pamed upon ye?' els the magistrate. 'Well, ye see, yer worship's honour, It's all very slimple In regard of how the matcher happened. Whin I heerd of me noole's death, I was coek core, all out, that he must have left money bid somewhere In the room, an' I invtoled so sexcause thabt I was goin' to pray for his poor sowl that's in glory, an' whin I Icoked meself In the room, fair an' aily, I began tappin' the wainseot till I kern to a holle sound. "Oh, bedad, I'm all right now for eartalo," eir I; san' I worked away widthe ohblel till I sacoped out a hole. Me heart got up In me month whin I felt the I money.bage ; but wbin I was eoteh in the] other room I was smre It was the ghost of me anels that was guardIa' the baege. That'e all I have in regard of the whole eonaera, I yer worhip's bohoour.' dW , Larry. KYol go utp for a moath for dcsavin Mrs; Kerrigan wid yer false pee. tenes. Thank per: worship.' esz Larry; an' he retired Into private life for four weeks. Well, that was the 6nlishin' earoh for Molligan's fortune. The stery's made me thirsty ; I'll have anotherplat, yer bhonour. 