Kales, ORANGE AND GREEN. A TALE OF THE BOYNE AND LIMERICK. I Published in the Advocate nnder special ar rangements withJUeBars. W. G. Blackie and Co, Publishers, etc., who have secured the copyright.] CHAPTER IK—{Continued.) BY Q. A. HENTY, Author of "The Young Carthaginian," "With dive in India," "In Freedom's Cause," "The lion of the North," " With Wolfe in Canada,' " Faoing Death," Sea. Larby raised the light craft and put it on his head. He had made a couple of light paddles by nailing two pieces of wood on to mop-sticks. "Walter accompanied him to the water's edge, and told the sentry there that Larry was crossing the river on business, and would return in half an hour's time, and that he was not to challenge loudly when he saw him returning. The night was dark, and Walter soon lost sight of the little boat. Then he waited anxiously; he had, however, but little fear that the enemy would have posted sentries so far down the river, especially as he would only just have pitched his camp opposite Limerick. It was three-quarters of an hour before he heard a famt splash in the water. The sentry heard it too. ' Shall I challenge, sir ?' 'So. Wait for a minute, we shall soon see whether it is Larry. Should there be anyone on the opposite bank he might hear the challenge, and they would keep a sharp look-out in future.' The sound came nearer and nearer. «Who goes there ?' Walter said in a quiet voice. •" Wicklow!" and it's mighty glad I am to hear your voice, for it's so dark I began to think I had lost myself entirely.' ' Is all well, Larry P' Walter asked as the light boat touched the bank. 'All is well, your honour,' Larry said, stepping ashore and lifting the light boat on to his head. 'You had better stow it away close here, Larry, till the morning; it's so dark that jrou will be sure to pitch over something if you go further. Now, tell me all about it, lie went on,' as Larry stowed away the boat among some bushes. 'There is little enough to tell, yer honour. I just rowed across and landed, and made straight for the house. Everything was quiet and still. I went around to the stables and up into the loft where Pat sleeps. " Are you there, Pat Eyan," says IP '"Who is it calls Pat Eyan?" says he. ' '"It 's myself, Larry, Mr. Davenant's boy." '"Why I thought you had gone," says he. " Are you sure it's yourself?" says he. '"And who else should it be, Pat Eyan P Don't ye know my voice P" ' By this time I had got into the corner where he slept, and touched him. '" I am glad to feel you, Larry," says he, "for I wasn't sure that you hadn't fallen in with the troopers, and it wasn't your ghost that come to visit me." '" Whist," says I, " I have no time to waste upon ye. He master and the troops are stationed just across the river at Ballyganl Mr. Davenant has given me a letter for Miss Conyers, telling her all about it. I don't exactly know what he said, and maybe she would like it gven privately, so do you hand it to Bridget in the morning, and ask her to give it to her mistress, and to hand over to you any answer there may be. I will come across for it to-morrow night. But that's not all, Pat. You know the devil's work that William's mten have been carrying on onthe march:" '"Ay eourse; everyone has heard the tales of the villain's doings, Larry." '."Well, the young master is 1 anxious about it, you may guess. Mr. Conyers come P" '" Yes. He rode in at four this afternoon." n* '/^^VMn Davenant says you will all be safe as long as he's here, but maybe that, at Borne time when's he a * a ?V you may have a troop of these J^ains of the world ride in here, and little they care whether it's P'rotestants or Catholics that they plunder; so if they come here and begin their devilries, you run for your life down to the river, opposite Ballygan, with a white cloth or a shirt, if it's daytime, and wave it. *ou are to have a pile of sticks and ? iT -M. tf ii** iwght; ye.i^ill jUBt Set it lit a blaze, and^erewill ,J be Help over 'before jnany nynpfrp, You stop there till they come, to tell them how strong the enemy are. "'The master says you are to tell Bridget about it, so that if they misbehave themselves inside. the house she can slip out and let you know. You understand that P" '"I do," says he; "and it's a comfort to me, for it's fretting I have been over what might happen if a troop of those murderin villains were to come here, and not a sowl save me and the other boys to take the part of the mistress and Miss Claire." Well, you know now, Pat, what's to be done, and see you do it; and now I must go, for the master is waiting forme. \- I will be with you to-morrow night for the answer." ' And so I came back, and I lost ten minutes looking about for the boat, for it was so mighty dark that I could not see a fut. I kicked against it and very near fell over it. It's well I didn't, for I should have knocked it into smithereens entirely!' ' Capital, Larry! you couldn't have done better. Now I shall feel comfortable.' After breakfast Walter told his father of the mission on which he had sent Larry, and the arrangement he had made with Pat Eyan. 'You ought to have told me at first, Walter. I do not blame you, but you should not do things on your own responsibility.' ' But so far, father, it has not been a regimental affair. I simply sent my own boy with a note to Miss Conyers just to say where we were; but as it may be an affair in which some of the troop may have to act, I have told you about it, so that you can make what arrangements you like.' ' It's rather a fine distinction, Walter,' his father said, smiling. * It seems to me that you have engaged us to send a detachment across the river in case of trouble at Mrs. Conyers'. However, I heartily agree with you that our kind friends should be protected from injury and insult.' ' How many will the boats hold P' ' Thirteen or fourteen men each.' ' Very well, then. I authorise you at any time, if I am away with a portion of the troop, to take twenty-five men across if the signal is made. If I am -here I shall, of course, go over myself. You can take any measures of preparation you may think necessary.' Walter availed himself of the permis sion, and at once gave orders to the sentry posted on the river in front of the village that if a white flag was waved by day or a fire lit by night on the opposite bank, he was to shout loudly and fire his pistol, and that these orders were tp be passed on to the sentry who succeeded him at the post. Then he picked out twenty-five men and told them that at any time in the night or day, if they heard a shot fired by the sentry they were to seize their arms, rush down to the boats, launch them and take'their places, and wait for orders. He told them to sleep without removing any of their clothes, so as to be ready for instant action. The next night Larry again crossed and brought back a little note from Claire Conyers, thanking Walter for letting her know they were so close, telling him of her father's return, and saying that there was no fear of her mother or herself forgetting their late visitors. It was a prettily-written little note, and Walter was delighted at receiving it. •Well, my boy,' Captain Davenant said, with a little smile, when Walter told him next morning that he had heard from Miss Conyers,' as you seem specially interested in this afEair, I will let you have the honour and glory of being the first to come to the rescue of Miss Confers and her mother, if they should need it; and therefore, whether I am here or not, I give you permission to cross at once in the two boats if you get the signal. But, on reaching the other side, you are to send the two boats back at once, with two men in each, and. I will bring the rest of the troop across as fasti as possible. There is no saying what, force you may find there. I shall leave it to your discretion to attack at once or to wait until I come up with reinforcements. You will, of course, be guided partly by 1 the strength of the enemy, partly by the urgency for instant interference for the protection of the ladies.' Four days passed quietly; there was but little for the cavalry to do. Small parties were posted at various spots for some miles down the river to give notice should the enemy appear on the opposite bank and show any intention of making a crossing; and beyond furnishing these guards the troop had little to do. Walter spent much of'his time watching the opposite hank. He hardly knew whether hp wished the signal to be displayed or jiot—he certainly desired no 'trouble to befall the ladies; bht.onthe other han&, the thought of rushing to their respue was undoubtedly a pleasant one; Larry spent much of his time at the water's edge fishing—a pursuit in which imanj oif the troopers joined; and they were ablie to augment the daily rations by a-good supply of salmon. On the fifth day the officers had just finished supper when the sound of a pistol-shot was heart. Walter leaped from his seat, snatched up his sword and pistols and ran down to the river. The men were already clustering round the boats. A minute later these were in the water, and the men jumped on board. They, too, were eager for the work, for Larry had whispered among them that if the signal was made it would signify that a band of the enemy's marauders were at Mrs. Conyers*; and all had been so kindly treated there that they were eager to repay the treatment they liad received. Besides, there was not a man in the Irish army whose heart had not been fired at the recitals of the brutality of the enemy, and filled with deep longings for vengeance upon the perpetrators of the deeds. Walter counted the men as they rowed across, and was pleased to find that not one of them was missing. He ordered the two men who were at the oars in each boat to return, the instant the rest had landed, to fetch anothet detachment across. As they reached the land the men. sprang out. Pat Eyan was standing at the landing-place. 'Well, Pat, what is it p' 'A troop of Hessian horse, your honour. Half an hour ago they rode up to the doors. Mrs. Conyers came out to meet them, and told them that she was a loyal Protestant, and wife of a gentleman high in the king's councils, who was in the camp. The blackguards only laughed. The officers, with some of the men, dismounted, and pushed their way past her into the house, and the rest of the troop tied their horses up to the trees on the lawn, and shouted to me and some of the other boys who were' looking on to bring forage. I suppose we weren't quick enough for them, for one of them drew his pistol and fired at me. Fortunately he only hit the truss of straw I was carrying. Then I went round to the back door, where I had agreed that Bridget was to come to me if things were going wrong in the house. A few minutes afterwards she came out wid a white face and said: "For the sake of the Holy Virgin run for your life, Pat, and warn the soldiers!" So I slipped away and ran my hardest.' All this was told as the party were running at full speed towards the house. ' How strong was the troop P' Walter asked. ' About eighty men, yer honour." ' We must trust to a surprise,' Walter said. ' We can get round to the back of the house without being seen. If we burst in there suddenly we can clear the house and hold it till my father comes up with the whole troop.' Five minutes after they had left the boat the party approached the house. Walter halted his men for a moment in the shrubbery behind it. ' Steady, lads, and take breath. You will follow me into the house and keep together. Give no quarter to the scoundrels.' Scarcely had he spoken than a piercing scream, accompanied by a pistol-shot, was heard within. 'Come on, lads!' Walter exclaimed, as he rushed at the door, the men following close at his heels. The door was open. In the passage lay one of the maid- servants shot through the head by one of the Hessian troopers,: who still held the pistol in his hand. Walter's pistol cracked before the man had time to draw his sword, and he fell dead. Then he rushed on into the hall, in which were a score of;troopers gathered ropnd a barrel of wine which had just been broached. In an instant the Irish were: upon them. Many were cut down or shot before they hsid time tp stand on the defensive. The rest were slain alter a short and desperate fight. , Bar the front door!' Walter shputed-i 'Serjeant Mullins, 'take. six^jnen i^mli hold it against those outside.' tThe resfc : followme.' i Short as the fight had beep, it had' given time to the rest of .the Hessians scattered about the house in. the act of. hindering to gather on the stkirs,headed' y their officers. Without a moment's! hesitation- Walter dashed at them; in : point of numbers the parly were well matched; but the fury of the Irishmen more than counterbalanced the advantage of position on the part of the HeBsians. ': For five minutes a desperate light raged; those in front grappled each' other and fought with clubbed pistols! and shortened swords; thiojae. behind: struck a blow as they could with sworn or musket. : But the Hessians, ignorant of the strength. of the force whush .had ' thus sndd^uy attocke^; them^ ,thought' more of securihgthWsifety thanoi defending the ptgvs, so several of those behind slipped away -and jumped from the windows to the ground. Their desertion disheartened those m front, and with a shout Walter snd. his troopers bore back the Hessians'on to the; landing, and the latterthenbroke and'fled. Mofat of them were otyS&keft;&hd; cut down at once; two or threb only^giinfed the windows and leaped *oufc\?>The instant resistance had ceased.. Walter rushed into the drawing-room, bidding the men run down and hold the lower windows. MrB. Conyers lay in a dead faint on the sofa. Claire, with a face as pale as death, was standing beside her. ' Walter !* she gasped out, ' then we are safe !* She tottered and would have fallen had not Walter rushed forward in time to catch her, and place her in a chair. "Don't faint, my dear Claire," he saidj urgently. 'There is your mother to be looked after, and I must run. downstairs, for they are attacking the house.' ' I won't faint,' Claire said, laughing and crying in a manner which frightened Walter more than her fainting would have done. 'I shall be better directly, but it seems almost like a miracle. Oh, those dreadful men!' ' They have all gone now, Claire. We hold the house and have cleared them out. Pray, calm yourself and attend to your mother. I must go. Don't be frightened at the firing; my father will be here in a few minutes with aid.' ' Oh! I am not frightened now,' Claire said; ' and oh! Walter, you are bleeding dreadfully.' 'Never mind that now,' Walter said; ' I will see to it when it is all over.' Then, leaving her to look after Mrs. Conyers, he ran downstairs. His right arm was disabled, he having received a sweeping blow on the shoulder from one of the Hessians as he won his way on to the landing; but he had no time to think of this now, for his men were hardly pressed. For a moment a panic had reigned among the troopers outside at the outburst of firing, and at the sight of their comrades leaping panic-stricken from the windows; but inquiry soon showed them that they were still greatly superior in numbers to the party who had obtained possession of the hall; and, furious at the loss of all their officers and of many of their comrades, they attacked on all sides and tried to force' their way; in at the "doors and lower windows in spite o!f* thtf vigorous resistance from within.' Walter hurried from point to point, cheering on his men by assurance that help was at/hand, and seeing that no point had been jeft undefended. •'• {To be continued.) ' . 