The Ghost's Touch. By WTLKIE COLLINS, Author of 'Woman in White,' 'Jtzabel'B Daughter,' &o.; [All Queensland Bights Reserved.] I. The oourso of this narrativo loada tho reader on new and strange ground. It desoribas the return of a disembodied spirit to earth— not occurring in the obscurity of midnight, but in tho searching light of day ; neither Beon as a vision nor heard us a voice— revealing itself to mortal knowlodge through the sense whioh is least easily self ?deceived : the sense that foals. The record of this event will of neoe3Sity produce conflicting impressions. It will raiso, in somo minds, tho doubt which reason asserts ; it will invigorate, in other minds, the hope which faith justifies ; and it will leave the terrible question of the destinies of man where centuries of vain investigation have left it— in the dark. Having undertaken in tho preaont narrative to lead tho way along a succession of events, tho writer attempts no moro. It is no part of his duty to follow modem examples by thrust ing himself and his opinions on the public view. He returns to the shadow from whioh he has emerged, and leaves tho opposing foroea of in credulity nnd belief to fight the old battle over (igain en the old gronnd. II. Tho events happened soon after the first 30 yeais of the present century had come to an end. On a fine morning, early in the month of April, a gentleman of middle age (named Bay burn) took his little daughter Luoy out for a walk in tho woodland pleasure gronnd of western London, called Kensington Gardens. The few friends whom he possessed reported of Mr. Bayburn (not unkindly) that he was a reserved and solitary man. Ho might have been moro accurately described as a widower dovoted to his only surviving ohild. Although he waB not more than 40 years of ago, the one pleasure whioh made life oa joy ablo to Luoy's father was offered by Luoy herself. Playing with her ball, the child ran on to the southern limit of the gardens, at that part of it whioh Btill remninB noireat to tho old Palace of Kensington. Observing close at hand one of those spacious ooverod seats, oalltd in England alcoves, Mr. Bayburn was reminded that he had tho morning's newspaper in his pocket, and that he might do well to rest and read. At that early hour tho plnca whs a solitude. ' ' Go on playing, my dear,' he said ; ' but take oare to keep where I can seo you.' Lucy tossed up hor ball ; aud Lucy's faiher opened hia newspaper. Ho had not been reading for moro than 10 minutes, whan ho felt a iiimiliur little hand laid on his fcnoe. 'Tired of playing?' ho inquired — with hia eyes Btill on the newspaper. ' I'm frightened, papa.' Ho looked up directly. Tho ohilS'B pale faoo startled him. He took her on his knes and kissed her. ' You oughtn't to ba frichtened. Lucy, when I am with you,' ho said gently. ' 'What is it ?' He looked out of the alcove as he spoko, and Baw a littlo dog among the trees. '? Is it tho dog ?' he asked. Luoy answered : ' It's not thodog — it's tho lady.' The lady was not visible from the alcove. 'HaB aho faid any thing to you ?' Mr. Kay burn inquired. 'No.' 'What has she dono to frighten you ?' The child put her arm round her father's neok. 'Whisper, papa,' she said; 'I'm afraid of her hearing us. I think she's mad.' ' Wby do you think so, Luoy ?' 'She oame near to me. I thought she was going to sav something. Sho soemod to bo ill.' ' Well ?' And what then ?' ' She looked at me.' Then' Lucy found herself at a Joss how to expreEB what she had to say next, and took refugo in silence. ' Nothing vory wonderful, so far,' her faiher suggested. 'Yes, papa, but she didn't seem to boo mo when cho looked.' ' Well, and what happened then ?' ' The lady was frightened, and that fright ened me. I think,' the child repeated posi tively, ' the' a mad.' It ocourrod to Mr. Baybum that tho lady might be blind. He rose at once to sot the doubt at rest. 'Wait here,' he Baid, ''and I'll como baok to you.' But Luoy olung to him with both hands. Luoy doolarod that Bho was afraid to ba by herself. They left tho alcove together. Tho now point of view at onoe revealed the Btranger, leaning agaimt tho trunk of a troo. She was dressed iu the deep mourning of a widow. Tho pallor of hor face, tho glissy stare in her eyes, moro than accounted fof the child's terror — it excused the alarming conclu sion at whioh she had arrived. 'Go nearer to her,' Lnoy whispered. Thoy advanced a few steps. It was now oasy to soe that tho lady was young, and wastod by illness; but arriving at a doubtful conclusion perhaps under present circumstances, apparently possessed of raro personal attractions in happier days. As the father and daughter advanced a little, she disoovcred them. After some hesitation sho loft tho tree, approaohad with an evident in tontion of speaking to thorn, and suddenly p. used. A ohange to astonishment and fear animated her vacant oyes. If it had not beom plain bofore, it wap now beyond all doubt that sho was not a poor blind creaturo, doaortod and helpless. At the samo timo the expression of her faeo was not enBy to understand. She eould hardly have looked moro amazed and be wildered if the two strangers who wore ob serving her had Buddenly vanished from tho place in which thoy stood ! Mr. Bayburn Bpoko to her with tho utmost kindness of voice and manner. 'I urn nfroid you aro not woll,' he said. ' Is there anything that I oan do ? ' Tho noxt words wore suspended on hia lipa. It was impossible to realise such a state of things ; but tho strango impression that she had already produced on him was now con firmed. If ho could believe hia senses her faoa did certainly tell iiim that ho was invisiblo and inaudible to tho woman whom he had juBt ad dreeEcd ! Sho moved slowly away with a heavy Eigh, like a poreon diaappointod and dis tressed. Following her with his eyes, he saw tho deg onoo moro— a little smooth- coated tenior of tho ordinary English bread. The dog ehowod none of tho restless aotivity of his race. With his hoad down and his tail do pressed, he orouched liko a creature paralysed by fear. His mistress rouaed him by a oall. Be followed her listlessly as Bho turned away. After walking a for/ paces only, sho suddenly stood still. Mr. Bayburn heard her talking to herself. 'Did I feel it again?' eho Baid, as if per plexed by Borne doubt that awed or grieved her. After a while, her arms rose slowly, and opened With a gentle oarosBing aotion — an ombraoo Strangely offered to tho empty air! 'No,' sho faid to herself Badly, after waiting a mo ment. ' More, porhap?, when to-morrow comes— no more to-day.' Sho lookod up at the clear blue sky. ' Tho beautifal sunlight ! tho moroiful sunlight!' sho murmured. 'I should have died if it had happened in tho dark.' Onoe moro sho called to the dog ; aud onoe mote fihe walked slowly away. ' Is she going home, papa ?' tho ohild aBked. ' Wo will try and find out,' tho father an swered. He was by this time oonvinoed thst the poor orodturo was in no oondltion to bo pormittod to go out without someone to toko care of her. From motives of humanity ho was resolved on making tho attempt to oommuuloato with hor friends. in. The lady loft the gardens by tho nearest gate; stopping to lower her veil befoTo she turned into the busy thoroughfare whioh leads to Kensington. Advancing a littlo way along tho High street, she entered a house of rospeot able appearance, with a card in ono of tho windows which announced that apartmonts wore to lot. Mr. Bayburn waited a minute — thonknooked at tho door, and asked if he oould soo tho mistrcsB of tho house. Tho Borvant showed him into a room on tho ground floor, neatly but scantily furnished. One littlo white object varie d the grim brown monotony of tho empty able . It was a visiting card. W ith a child's unceremonious curiosity Luoy pounced on the card, and spelt tho name, letter by letter: 'Z, A, N, T,' she ropeatod, ' What does that moan?' Her father looked at tho card, aa ho took it away from her, and put it baok on tho table. The name wss printod, and tho address waa added in pencil : 'Mr. Jofin Zant, Purloy'a Hotel.' Tho mistreBS mado hor appearanoe. Mr. Bayburn heartily wished himself out of the house again, the moment he saw her. The wayB in whioh it is possible to onltivato the social virtues aro more numerous and more varied than is generally supposed. Thia lady's way had apparently aooustomod hor to meet her fellow-creatures on the hard ground of j uBtico without meroy . Something in her oyes, when sho looked at Lnoy, said: 'I wonder whether that ohild gets as much punishment as she deserveB?' 'Do you wish to soe the rooms which I have to let?' she began. Mr. Bayburn at once statod tho object of his visit — aa dearly, aa civilly, and as oonolsoly as a man could do it. He was conscious (ho added) that ho had been guilty perhaps of an act of intrusion. Tho manner of the mistresa cf the house showed that she entirely agreed with him. Ho tuggested, however, that his motiva might oxoueo him. Tho mistress's manner changed, and asserted a difforenoo of opinion. ' I only know the lady whom you mention,' ehe said, ' as a person of the highest ro3peota bility, in delicate health. She has taken my firBt floor apartments, with excellent references ; and she gives remarkably littlo troublo. I have no claim to intorf ere with her proceedings, and no reason to doubt that she is capable of taking care of herself.' Mr. Bayburn unwisely attempted to aay a wonl in his own defence. ' Allow me to remind you ? ' he began. ' Of what, sir f' 'Of what I obsorved, when I happened to see the lady in Kensington Gardens. ' ' I am not responsible for what you ob served in Kensington Gardens. Yf your time is of any value, pray don't l.-t me detain you.' Dismissed on those terms, Mr. Ifc'.yburn took Lucy's hand and withdrew. He* had just reached the door, when it was opened from the outer side. The lady of Kensington Gardens stood before him. In the position whioh he and hiB daughter now occupied, their baoka wero towards the window. Would she re member having seen them for a moment in the gardens ? She said her few words of apology oonfusedly ; and, advancing to the table, took up the cord. ' Your servant tolls mo my brother-in-law called while I wan out,' sho said to tho land lady. ' He sometimes leaves a meaaago on hia oard.' Sho looked for the message, and ap peared to bo disappointed ; there was no writing on tho card. Mr. Baybnrn lingered a littlo in the doorway, on the chance of hearing something moro. Tho landlady's vigilant eyeB discovered him. ' Do you know this gentleman?' Bhe aaid maliciously to her lodger. ' Not tnat I remember.' Boplying in these words, the lady looked at Mr. Bayburn for tho first time, and suddenly drewbaek from him. 'Yes,' sh8 aaid, cor recting herself ; 'I think wo met ? ' Her embarrassment ovorpowored hor ; Bhe could say no more Mr. Bayburn compassionately finished tho sentence for her. ' Wo met accidentally in Kensington Gardens,' ho said. Sho seemed to bo incapablo of appreciating the kindness of his motive. After hesitating a little sho addressed a proposal to him, which seemed to show distrust of the landlady. ' ' Will yon let me spaak to you upstairs, in my own rooms?' she asked. Without waiting for a reply, she led the way to tho stairs. Mr. Bayburn and Luoy fol lowed. Thoy wore just beginning the asoenf; to the first floor when tho spiteful landlady left the lower room and called to her lodger over their heads — 'Take care what you say to this man, Mra. Zsnt ! Ho thinks you're mad.' Mrp. Zant turned round on the landing and looked at him. Not a word fell from her lipa. Sho suffered, Bhe feared, in silenoo. Something in the sad submission of her face, touched the springs of innocent pity in Lucy's heart. The ohild burst out crying. That artless expression of sympathy drew Mrs. Zant down the few stairs which separated her from Lucy. ' May I kiss your dear little girl ?' pho said to Mr. Baybarn. Tho land lady, standing on the mat bolosv, expressed her opinion of the value of caresses as comparod with a Bounder method of treating young par sons in tears: 'If that child waB mine,' ahe remarked, ' I would give hor something to cry for.' In the meantime Mrs. Zant led tho way to hor rooms. The first words she spoke showed that tho landlady had succeeded but too well in pre judicing hor against Mr. Bayburn. ' ' Will you let me ask your ohild,' Bhe said to him, 'why you think me mad ?' Ho met thiB Btrango request with a firm answer. 'You don't know yet what I really do think. Will you give me a minute's atten tion?' 'No,' she said positively. 'Tho ohild pities mo, I want to speak to the ohild. What did ycu see me do in the gardens, my dear, that surprised you ?' Luoy turned uneasily to her father. Mra. Zant peraisted. 'I first saw you by yourself, and then I saw you with your father,' she wont on. ' When I oama nearer to you, did I look very oddly— as if I didn't see you at all?' Lucy hesitated again; and Mr. Bayburn interfered. ' You aro oonfuBing my little girl,' he said. ' Allow mo to answer your questions— or ex oufo me if I leave you.' There was Bomsthing in his look, or in his tono, that maatered hor. Sho put her hand to hor head. ' I don't think I'm fit for it,' she answered vacantly. 'My courage haa been soroly tried already. If I oan get a little rost end Bleep, you may find me a different parson. I am loft a great deal by myself ; and I have reasons for trying to oompose my mind. OanI sto you to-morrow ? Or write t j you ? Whore do you live ?' Mr. Baybnrn laid his card on tho table in silenco. Sho had strongly excited his interest. He honestly dosired to bo of somo sorvioe to this forlorn oreaturo — abandoned so oruelly, aa it seemed, to hor own guidance. But ho had no authority to exorcise, no sort of olaim to direct her actions, oven if sho consented to accept his advioe. As a last roBOuroe he von turod on an allusion to the relative of whom she had spoken downstairs. ' When do you oxpeot to see your brother in-law again ?' ho said. ' I don't know,' she answered. 'I should liko to see him— he ia so kind to me.' She turned aside to take leave of Luoy. ' Good-bye, my little friend. If you live to grow up I hope you will not be suoh a miser able woman as I am.' She suddenly looked round at Mr. Baybnrn. ' Havo you got a wife at homo f' nlio asked. ' My wifo is dead.' 'And you have a ohild to oomfort you? Fleaao leave mo ; you harden my heart. Oh, eir, don't you undei stand? You make me envy you !' Mr. Bayburn waB silent] when he and his daughter were out in the street again. Luoy, as beonmo a dutiful ohild, waa eilont too. But there are limits to human onduranoo— and Luoy'a oapacity for self oontrol gave way at last. ' Aro you thinking of the ludy, papi r' she Raid. Ho only answered by nodding his head. His daughter had interrupted him at that oritioal moment in a man's reflootions, when ho is on the point of making up his mind. Beforo they wero at homo again Mr. Bayburn had arrived at a decision. Mrs. Zant's brother-in- law was evidently ignorant of any eorious nooossity for his interferonoo— cr he would have made ar rangements for immediately repeating hw visit. Iu this state of things if any evil hap pened to Mrs. Zant, silence on Mr. Bayburn's part might be indireotly to blame for a sorioos misfortune. Arriving at that conclusion, he deoidod upon running tho risk of being rudely received, for the second time, by another Btranger. Leaving Lucy nndor tho oare of her gov erness, he went at onoo to the address that had been written on tho visiting card loft at the lodging-houae, and sent in his name. A cour teous message waB returned. Mr. John Zant waB at home, and would bo happy to boo him. rv. Mr. Bayburn was shown into ono of tho private sitting-rooms of the hotel. He observed that the customary position of the fnrniture in a room had been, in eome re speota, altered. An arm ohair, a Bide table, and a footstool had all been removed to one of the windows, and had been placed as oloso as posBiblo to the light. On the table lay a large open loll of morocco loathor, con taining rows of elogant little instruments in steel and ivory. Waiting by tho table, stood Mr. John Zant. Ho said 'Good morning ' in a bass voico, bo profound and bo melodious that thoao two commonplaoo worda assumed a new importance, coming from hia lips. HiB personal appoarance waa in harmony with hia magnifioent voico— he was a tall finely mado man of dr.rk complexion ; with big bril liant black oyea and a noble curling beard which hid the wholo lower part of his faoo. Having bowod with a happy mingling of dignity ani politeness, the conventional side of thia gentleman's character suddenly vanished ; and an insane side, to all appearance, took its place. Ho dropped on his kneoa in front of the footstool. Had ho forgotten to Bay his prayers that morning, and waa ho in Buoh a hurry to remedy the fault that ho had no time to spare for consulting- appearances? Tho doubt had hardly suggested itself before it was set at rest i'j a most unexpected manner. Mr. Zant looked at his visitor with a bland smile, and Baid, 'Ploaso let me see your foot.' For the moment, Mr. Bayburn lost hia pre sence of mind. 'Aro you a oorn-cutter ?' was all he could say. ' Excuse mo,' returned the polite operator, ' the term you use is quite obsolete in our rcro fefision.' Ho rose from hie knees, and added modeetly, ' I am a chiropodist.' ' I beg your pardon.' ' Don't mention it ! You are not, I imagine, in want of my professional servicea. In my leisure hour, 1 amuse myBolf by practising cbemioal experiments ; and I sometimes write for a scientific journal. Perhapa you have heard of me in that way ?' 'Nof' 'To what motive, sir, may I attribute the honour of your visit?' By thistime Mr. Bayburn had rooovered himself. 'I have come hero,' he answered, ' under circumstances which require apology as well as explanation. Mr. Zant'e highly polished manner betrayed signs of alarm ; hiB suspicions pointed to a for midable conclusion — a conclusion that shook him to the innermost recesses of the pocket in which he kept hia money. ' The numeroua de mands on me ? ' he began. Mr. Bayburn smiled. ' Make your mind eaBy,' ho replied. ' I don't want money. My object is to speak with you on tho subject of a lady who iB a relation of yonra.' 'My Biater-in-law !' Mr. Zjnt exclaimed. 'Pray tafeo a seat.' Doubting if ho had chosen a convenient time for his visit, Mr. Bayburn hesitated. 'Am I likely to be in the way of persona who wish to consult you !' he asked. ' Certainly not. My hours of attendance on my client3 in London are from 11 to 1.' The clock on tho mantelpiece struck the qusrter past 1 as ho spoke. ' 1 hope you don't bring mo bad news r' ho said, very earnestly. ' When I oalled on Mrs. Zant thia moraine?, I heard that she had gono out for a walk. la it indiscreet to ask how you became acquainted with her?' Mr. Bayburn at once mentioned what he had seen and heard in Kensington Gardens ; not forgetting to add a few words which described his interview afterwards with Mrs. Zant. The lady's brother- in-law listened with an interest and sympathy which offered the strongest possible contrast to tho unprovoked rudeness of tho mistress of the lodging- house. He deolared that he oould only do juatioa to his BenBe of obligation by following Mr. Bay burn's example, and expressing himself aa frankly as if he had been spoaking to an old friend. ' The sad Btory of my sister-in-law'a life,' he said, ' will, I think, explain certain things whioh must have naturally perplexed you. My brother was introduced to her at the house of an Australian gentleman on a visit to England. Sho was then employed as governess to hia daughters. So sincere waa the regard felt for her by tho family, that tho parenta had, at the entreaty of their children, askod her to accom pany them when they returned to the colony. The governesa thankfully accepted tho pro posal.' 'Had Bhe no relations in England?' Mr. Bayburn asked. ' She was literally alone in tho world, sir. When I tell you that she had been brought up in the Foundling Hospital, you will understand what I mean. Oh, there is no romance in my siBter-in-law'a Btory ! Sho nover haa known, or will know, who her parents wore or why they deserted hor. The happiest moment in her life waa the moment whon Bha and my brother first met. It waa an instance, on both sides, of love at first Bight. Thousrh not a rich man, my brother had earned a sufficient income in meroantila pursuits. His character spoko for itself. In a word, he altered all the poor girl's prospects, as we then hopodand balioved, for the better. Her employers deferred thoir return to Australia bo that Bhe might bo married from their houso. After a happy life of a f 3W weeks only ? ' His voice failed him ; ho paused, and turned his face from the light. 'Pardon me,' he said: 'I tm not able, even yet, to speak oompoaedly of my brother's death. Lot me only Bay that tho poor young wifo was a widow before the happy days of the honeymoon were ovor. That dreadful oalamity struck her down. Before my brother had been committed to the grave, hor life waa in danger from brain fever.' Tho3e worda placed in a new light Mr. Bayburn'a Prst fear that hor intellect might bo deranged. Looking at him attentively, Mr. Zant eeomed to understand what was piaaing in iho mind of his guest. 'No!' ho said. 'If tho opiniona of tho medical men are to bo truatad, the result of the illness ia injury to hor physical strength — not injury to hor mind. I have obsorvod in her, no doubt, a certain waywardness of tompor sinco hor illness; but that is a triile. Aa an 'example of what I mean, I may tell you that I invited her, on her recovery, to pay mo a visit. My house is not in London — tho air dooa not agroo with mo — my place of residenoo iaat St. Ann's on-Sea. I am not myself a married man,, but my excellent housekeeper would have received Mrs. Zant with the utmost kindneBB. Sho waa resolved — obstinately resolved, poor thing —to remain in London. It is needless to say that, in her melanoholy position, I am attentivo to her slightest wishes. I took a lodging for her; and, at hor special request, I chose a houso whioh was near Kensington Gardens.' 'Ia there any association with the gardona which led Mrs. Zant to make that ro queBt ?' 'Somo association, I bolievo, with tho memory of her husband. By tho w*y, I wish to bo suro of finding her at homo when I oall to- morrow. Did you say, in the oourso of your interesting statement, that Bho intended— as you supposed — to return to Kensington Gardens to morrow, or has my momory deceived mo ? ' Your memory iBperfeotly oorreot.' ' lhank you. I confosa I am not only dij treBfod by what you havo told me of Mrs. Zant — I am at a loss to know how to aot for tho best. My only idea, at present, is to try ohange of air and Boono. What do you think yourself?' ' I think you aro right.' Mr. Zant ttlU hoBitatod. ?' It would not be OJBy for mo, just now,' ho said, ' to leavo my patients and tako her abroad.' Ihe obvious reply to thiB ooourrod to Mr. Bayburn. A man of larger worldly ozporioneo might havo felt oortoin saspioionB, ana might have remained silent. Mr. Bayburn opoko. ' Why not renow your Invitation and tako her to jour house at the aoosido ?' ho said. IntheperplexodstateotMr. Zant'smlnd, this plain oourso of aotloa had apparently failed to present itself. His gloomy faoo brightened directly. 'The very thing!' he said. 'Iwilloor- tainly take your adviuo. If the air of St. Ann's does nothing else, it will improve her health, and help her to reqover hor good looks. Did Bhe strike yon as having bean (in happier days) a pretty woman ?' This was a Btrangoly familiar question to ask — almost an indelicate question, under tho circumstances. A certain f artiro expression in Mr. Zant's fino dark eyeB seemed to imply that it had beon put with a pnrposo. Was it possible that ho suapootod Mr. Bayburn'a interest in his siator-in-law to bo inspired by any motive which was not perfectly unselfish, and perfectly puru ? To arrive at suoh a con clusion aa thiB, might be to judge hastily and oruelly of a man who was perhaps only guilty of a want of delioaoy of feeling. Mr. Bayburn honestly did his beBt to assnme tho charitable point of viow. At the same timo, it is not to be denied that his words, when ho next spoke, wero car ef ally guarded, and that he rose to take hia leavo. Mr. John Zant hospitably protosted. ' Why aro you in such a hurry ? Must you really g_o_? I shall havo the honour of returning your visit to-morrow, whon I havo made arrangements to profit by that excellent euggeation of yours. Good-bye. God bless you.' He held out hia hand : a hand with a smooth surface and a tawny colour, that fervently squeezed tho fiugers of a dopartingfriend. 'Xa that man a eooundrel?' was Mr. Bayburn's first thought, after ho had loft the hotel. His moral sense Bet all hesitation at rest— and answered : ' You're a fool if you doubt it.' V. Disturbed by presentiments, Mr. Baybarn returned to his house on foot, by way of trying what exercise would do towards oomposing his mind. The experiment failed. He went upstaira and played with Luoy ; he drankan extra glass of wine at dinner ; he took the child and her governeBB to a cirous in tho evening ; he ate a little supper, fortified by another glass of wine, beforo he went to bed — and Btill those vagaa forebodings of evil persisted in torturing him. Looking back through his past life, he asked himself if any woman (his late wife of course excepted !) had ever taken the predominant place in his thoughts which Mrs. Zant had aBsumed — without any discoverable reaBon to account for it ? If he had ventured to answer bis own queation, the reply would hava been : ' Never.' , All the next day he waited at home in ex pectation of Mr. John Zant'fl promised visit, and waited in vain. Towards evening the parlourmaid appeared at tho family tea-table, and presented to her muster an unusually large envelope, sealed with black wax, and addressed in a strange hand writing. The absence of stamp and postmark showed that it had been left at the house by a messenger. ' Who brought this ?' Mr. Bayburn asked. ' A lady, air — in deep mourning.' ' Did Bhe leave any message ?' 'No, sir.' Having drawn the inevitable conclusion, Mr. Bayburn shut himself up in his library. He was afraid of Luoy's curiosity and Imcy'a questions, if he read Mrs. Zant's letter in his daughter's presence. Looking at the open envelope after he had taken out tLe leaves of writing whioh it con tained, he noticed these lines traced inside the cover : ' My ono excuse for troubling you, when I might have consulted my brother-in-law, will be found m the pages whioh I enclose. If we had been strangers in the common meaning of the word, I should not have ventured to intrude myself on your attention. But I have pro duced an impression on you, without any de sign to do so, which has set me in the light of a woman to be pitied. To speak plainly, you have been led to fear that I am not in my right senses. For this very reason I now appeal to you. Your dreadful doubt of me, sir, ia my doubt, too. Bead what I have written about myBelf, and then tell me, I entreat you, which I am — a person who haa beon the objeot of a supernatural revelation, or on unfortunate creature who is only fit for imprisonment in a madhouEe?' Mr. Bayburn opened the manuaoript. With steady attention, which ajon quiokened to breathless interest, he read what follows. VI. Yesterday morning, the sun shone in a clear blue sky — after a succession of cloudy days, counting from the lat of the month. The radiant light had its animating effect on my poor spirits. I had passed the night more peacefully than usual; undisturbed by the dream, bo cruelly familiar to me, that my lost husband is still living — the dream from whioh I always wako in tears. Nover, since the dark days of my sorrow, have I been so little troubled by the self-tormenting fancies and fears which beset miserable women, as when I left the house and turned my Bteps towards Kensington Gardona— for the last time sinoe my husband's death. Attended by my only companion, the little dog who had been hia favourite as well as mine, I went to the quiet corner of the gardens which ia nearest to Kensington. On tho soft srass, under the shade of those trees, we had loitered together in the days of our betrothal. It waa hia favourite walk ; and he had taken me to seo it in the early days of our acquaintance. Thoro, he hid first asked me to ba his wife. Th«re, we had felt the rapture of our first kiss. It was surely natural that I should wish to Beo once more a place sacred to such memories as theso. I am only 23 years old ; I havo no child to oomfort me, no companion of my own age, nothing to love but thodumb creature whoissofoithfullyfondofme. I went to tho tree under whioh we stood when my dear one's eyes told hia love before he could utter it in worda. The sun of that vanished day shone on mo again ; it was the same ncontido hour ; tho same solitude was round me. I had feared the first eSeot of the dreadful contrast between past and present. No ! I was quiet and resigned. My thoughts, rising higher than earth, dwelt on the batter lifo boyond the gravo. Some toars oame into my oyes. But I was not unhappy. My memory of all that happened may be trusted, ovon in trifles which reluto only to myself ? I was not unhappy. The first object that I saw, when my eyas were dear again, was tho dog. He orouched a few paces away from mo, trembling pitiably, but uttering no cry. What had oaused the fear that overpowered him ? I was soon to know. I called to tho dog ; ha remained immovable — conscious of somo mysterious coming thing that held him sppllbound. I tried to go to the poor creature, and fondle and oomfort him. At tho first stop forward that I took some thing stopped me. It was not to be soon and not to bo heard. It stopped mo. The still figure of the dog disappeared from my view ; tho lonely soene round mo disap peared — excepting the light from heaven, the troo that sheltered me, and the grasa in front of mo. A Benso of unutterable expectation kept my eyes riveted on the grass. Suddenly I saw its myriad blades rise creot and shiver ing. The foar oame to me of something passing over them with the invisible swiftness of the wind. The shivering advanced. It was all round me. It oropt into the leaves of the trees over my hoad ; thoy shuddered, without a sound to tell of thoir agitation ; their pleasant natural rustling was straok dumb. The Bongs of tho birds had ceased. Tho orieB of the water fowl on the pond wore hoard no more. There) was a dread tul Bilenoe. But tho lovely sunshine poured down on mo as brightly as ever. In that dazzling light, in that f earf nl silence, I felt an invisible preaanoo neur me. It touched me gently. At the touch, my hoart throbbed with an over whelming joy. ExquUite pleasure thrilled through every nerve in my body. I knew him ! From tho unseen world — ViinippiK nnaeea— he had returned to me. Oh, I knew him ! _ And yet, my heartless mortality longed for a sign that might give me assuxanoo of tho truth. Tho yearning in mo shaped itself into words. . . I tried to utter tho words. I would havo said, if I could have spoken : ' Oh, my angel, give- , mo a token that it is you !' ButJ was like ac' , person struck dumb— I could only think it. ...' ,., The invisiblo proBonoo read my thought. I., ?,..'? felt my lips touched, as my husband's lips used, , '. to touoh them when ho lossod mo. ' And that .' , ' was my answer. A thought camo to ma again. ... ,' '?'. I would have sold, if I could have spoken: : ' ' Axo you hero to take mo to tho bettor world.?' ?'?--- I waited. Nothing I oonld fed tbuohsd mo. I was congolous ol thinking onoo tmra. I would have said if I oouM hare spoken: 'Are yon hero to protect me ?' I felt myself held in a gentle embraoa, as my hnsbond's anna used to hold Mi waen hi pressed mo to his breast. And that wis my answer. The touch, that was like the touch of hia lips lingered and was lost; the clasp that was like the olasp of his anna, pressed mo and fell a -way. The garden scene resumod its natural a^po3t._ I saw a human creature n-jar, a lovely little girl looking at mo. At that moment, when I was my own lonely (?elf again, the eight of the ohild soothed and attracted me. I advanced, intending to apeik to her. To my horror I suddenly ceised to sea her. She disappeared as if I had been, stricken blind. And yet I oould see the landscape round ma ; I could see the heaven above me. A timo pasted — only a few minutes, as I thought — and the child became visible to me again: walking hand-in-hand with her father. I approached them : I was close enough to see that they were looking at me with pity and surprise. Ky impulse was to ask if they saw anything strange ia my face or my manner. Before 1 could speak the horrible wonder hap pened again. Then vanished from my view. Was the Invisible Presence still near :- Was it pacing between mo and my fellow mortals ; forbidding communiuiiva in that pli:e and at that time f It mu»t have teen so. When I turned away in ny ignorance, with a heavy hear:, the dreadful blanines; -which had twice shit out from me ihe beings of tny own raoa. iri3 not between me and'* my a-is. The poor little creature filled me with pity : I called him to ma. Ee moved at the sonad of my vjice, aad followed me languidly : r.3t quite *wss9asi yet from the trscce oi terror that h%i possessed him. Bffcre I bad rsied by mx: than a few stc-ps, I thought I was coa-cions of the Pre sence again. I kt:d cut ray longing arms to it. I waited in the hope of a touch to ts!l ai5 1hat I might return. Perhaps I was answered by indirect meats. I only know that a resolution to return to the satn? p'.?co at the same hour, came to tao and quieted my mind. The morning of The next dav ww'dallaad clondy : but the r».:n hill off. I set f jrth again to the garden.*. My dog ran on before me into the street— and stopped ; waiting to *ee in which direction I might lead the way. Ween I tnraed Towari? the enrdens, he dronped behind roe. Ia a Hi tie while I looked bi;k. Ha was tolbwing me no longer; he stood irresolute. I billed to him. Be advanced a few steps— hositatei — nod ran back to the hou^e. I wc-ct on by myself. Shall I oiate'.i my superstition? I thought the dog's d-.'ier:t^a of me a bad on en. Arrived at the tree, I placed myseU under it. The minutes followed e«eh other uneventfully. The cloudy sky darkfa-.i. The daii ^u?fioi oi the grass showed no shuddering conssioaiaeis of an unearthly creature passing over it. Isti.'l waited, with an obstinacy which waj fatt bf ecming the obstinacy of de=piir. How long an interval elapsed while I kept watch on the ground before m», I am not able to say. I only know that n change came. Under the dull grey l'ght I saw the cra?3 move — but not as 'it bad moved on thsdiy before. It shriv-;licd as if ft fl une hid scorched it. 'No (lame appeared. The browa uaderly irct earth showed itself winding onward ia a thin ptiip — which might have beea a foo'pith traicd in fire. It frightened me. I l}n;jj for the protection of the Invisible Presence : I prr.jtd for a warning of it if danger w-s near. A touch answered ras. It wii as if a h'iad unecen had tahe-a my hand — had riided it, little by littl'i— had Utt it, psintfii? to the scorched brown pith th9t wound tjw.-triim? over the. grapf. I looked to the f.ir end of the pith. By h'tiq degrees, u shadow ro^e ia th? dii tacce. Higher ftud higher it grew, while it moved aiarer and nearer. It advaucod to the place in which I stood. The unseen hiad closed on my hand -vith a warning prepuce : the revelation of tho ciming danger w*3 near me — I waited for it : I aiw it. The central drpths of the slnflow opened, and showed Blowly tha glimmer of a ghastly light. In the light a man's face appeared. It looked at me. It was tha face of my hmbtad'i brother— John Z.tot. The consoiour ness --? myself an a Hvinz creature loft me. I fcsew nothing ; I isle nothing ; I was dead. 'When the tortura of revival miis me open my eyes, I found myself on toe griw. G-satla hands raised my head, at the moment when I recovered my secpe'. Who had brought me to life again ? Who -vas taking cire of me ? I looked upward, and saw — beading over me —John Zant. ViX. There the m&nuECTip1-.; ended. Borne lines had been added on the Ii3t piga ; bu'. th(;y had been ao caref ally erased as w be illegible. These worca of explanation ap peared bJcw the chlcsV-^I senteacas : ' I ):^d heguu i/i wiite the little that re mains to Ire told, s.-Lun it struck me that I might, unintentionally, ba exercising an ua fair influence on you; r.'piaion. Lat me only remind you thut I b»U-ive absolutely in the supernatural revelation which I havo endea voured todesoribt). Eemembar tiU — aud deoido ior n what I dare not d^cido for myself .' Thorc was no siirioua obbtaole in the v/ay of c uiplianca with thia iccjaoat. Judged ficm tha point of view of the materialist, Mrs. Zaat uii^ht no doubt be the victim of illusions (produced by a dUoa&ad; Btate of the nervous nyfitem), which have bjon known to exist- u-ia tho celebrated oaaa of the bookseller Kicolui, of Berlin— without being accompcnicd bv dorangement of tha iutelloc tual powers. But Mr. Riyburn was not asked to solve any such intricate problem as this. Bo bnd been merely instructed to read tha ruanuw.ript, and to say what impression it had left on him of the mental condition of the writer; whose doubt of herself had bsan, in ? all probability, first suirgMted by remembrance of the illness from which she had suffered — brain fever. Under theBe circumstances, there oould he little difficulty in forming an opinion. The memory whioh had recalled, and the judgement which had arranged, the succession of e rents related in the narrative np:-ke for theunelves, and revealed a mind in full possession of ull its resouroos. Having satisfied himself so far, Mr. Eiy burn abstained from considering tha moro eerious question suggested by whut he hid read. At any time, his habits of life and hid ways of thinking would havo rendered him unfit to weigh the arguments, whioh asaort or deny supernatural interposition among the croituroi of earth. But his mind .was now so disturbed by the startling rocord of experience whioh ho 'had just read, that hn was only conwious of feeling certain impressions —without possessing the capacity to rcfleot on thorn. That hid anxiety on Mrs. Z mt'B acconnt had boen in creased, and that hid doubts of Mr. John Zint had been encouraged, wore the only practical results of tho oonfidonce placed in him of whioh lie was thuB far awuro. In tho ordinary exi gencies of life a man of hesitating dispojitioo, his iiiWo&t; in Mrs Zant's welfare, and his desire to disoovor what hud passed between her brother-in-law and herself, after their meeting in the gardens, urged him into instant uution. In hali-an-bour more, ho had arrived at her lodgings. He was at onoe admitted. VIII. Mrs. Zant wax alono, in an imperfaotly lit room. ' I hope you will exouBe the bad light,' she said, 'my head has been burning as if the fever had ot,mo back again. Oh, don't go away! After what I have suffered, you don't know how dreadful it is to bo alone.' Tho tone of hor voice told him that she had boen crying. Ho at onoa tried the best meauB of Betting tho poor lady at casa by telling her of the oonolusion at whioh he had arrived, after reading hor manuscript. Tho happy result thowed itself instantly ; her faoo brightened, her manner changod j Bho wua eager to hear moro. ' Havo I produood any other impression on you F' she eskod. Ho understood tho allusion. Ezprosnuig Einccro rospoot for bar own oonvlotlon, ho told her Lonostly that ho was not propatod to say more. Grateful for tho tono in whioh ho hac nnawcr-d her, eho wifely and, dolloatoly obantred tho eabjoot. 'I muBt speak to you of mybrothar-in-liw,' the said. ' He has told me of your visit ; aud I am anxious to know what vou thiuk of him. Do you like Mr. John Ztnt .'' Mr. Bay burn hesitated. Tho care-worn look appaa-od again ia her face. ' If you had felt as kindly towards him as ho feels towards you, ' ahe said, ' I might have gone to St. Ann's with a lighter heart.' Mr. Baybntn thought of tha supsrnataral appoirances, desoribsd at the close of hermrra tivo. ?' You believe in that terrible warning,' he remonstrated : 'and yet, yougJtj your brother-in-law's house !'' 'I believe.' the answered, ' ia the «piri: of ihe man who loved me, in ths days of his earthly bondage. I am under hia protec'.ioa What have I to do bul to cast away my feirs, and to wait in faith and hope? It might h»ve helped my resolution if a friend had Wn near to eocooxage ma.' 8he paused, aad smiled sadly. 'I must remember,' she resumed, ' that your way of understanding my position is not my way. I ought to have told you that Mr. John Zint teals needless anxiety ab)ut my health. He declares that he will not lose tight of me until his mind is at ease. I: ia useless to attempt to alter his opinion. Hj sly 9 my cerves are shattered — and who that sees me caa doubt it? He tells ma that my only chance of getting better is to try chinire of air and perfect repose. How can I ciiatradtct him ? He reminds ma that I hive no rela-ion but himself, and no house open to me but his ! own— and God knows he is right : ' She said those last words ia acsents of melancholy resignation, which grieved the good man whose one merciful purpose w»s tJ s*rve and console her. He spoke impulsively, with the freedom of an old friend. ' I want to know more of you and Mr. Join Zaat than I know now,' he said. 'My mo tive is a better one ths:i mere curiosity. Do you believe that I feel a sincere interest in y ju?1' '? With my whole heart f That reply encouraged him to pro;eei with what he had to say.' 'Waea you recovered from yonr fainting fit,' he begin', 'Mt. John Zant mked questions, of course r' '?Es asked what could possibly uave hap pened, in such a qaiet p!a:e as Kensington Gardens, to make me fiint.' '? 4nd how did you answer ;' 'Answer : I coulda't even look a: him '.' 'You jaid EOthing':'1 'Nothing. I don't know what he thought of me: he might have been surprised, or he might have be?n offended.' 'Is he easily offended r' Mr. B'.yburaasaei. ' Not in my experience of him.' ' Do you mean your experience -A him before joar illaiES f' ' ' Ya. Since my 'recovery hij engagements with patients have kept him away from London,. I have not seen him siuoe ha took these lodz ing3forme. But h» is always considerate. He has written more than once to beg that I will not thiak him neglectful, and to tell mi (what I knew already through my poor husband) thit he has no money of his own, and must live by hia profession.' 'In your husband's lifetime were the two brothers on good terms ': ' ' Always. The one complaint I ever heard my husband make of John Zint was that he didn't come to see us often enough aiter our marriage. Is there some wickedness in him which we havo never suspected r It may be — but how can it be ? I have every reason to be grateful to the man agaia-t whom I hive been sapc-rnaturally warned ! Hij con'luc: to ma has been always perfect. I can't tell you what I owe to his influence in quieting my mind when the dreadful doubt arose ubout my hua bind's death.' ' Do you mean doubt if he died a naturil death f' '?Oh, no, no! He wrs dying of rapii con sumption — but his sudden death took tho d jators by surprise. One of them thought tint he might huvd taken an overdose of his alie;-iag- drop:i by mistake. The other overruled him, or there might hive beea an inquest in the house. Oh, doa't spenk of it any inorj ! Let us talk of B.icotliing oise. Tell me when I ih .11 see you again.' ' I hardly know. V/hea do you and your brother-in-law laave London':' 'To-morrow.' Hhe looked at Mr. Biyburn with a piteous entreaty in her eyes. 8'aj said timidly, 'Do you ever go to the seaside, and take your dear little girl with you ':' The request, at which she h-.d only dared to hint, touched on the idea which was at thai moffisa; in Mr. Kaybum's mind. Iiir^^fr^yed by his strong prejudice against Joha Zin:, what =he had said of her brother in U-s: niied Lica with forebodings of peril to herself— all the more powerful in their in fluence, for this reason — that ha shrank from distinctly realising them. If another person had been present at the interview, and had said to him ai'.erwards : ' That man'sralujtanca to vi*it his =bter-in-law, while her husband was living, is associated with a secret sense of guilt which her innocence oannot even imagine ; he, and he alone, knows the cause of hor husband's sudden death ; his feigned anxiety about her heuhh is adopted as the safest means of enticing ber into his houso' — if those formidAblu coa clusions had been urged on Mr. Bayburn, he would have felt it hU duty to reject them, as unjustifiable asporsioos on an absent mm. And yet, when he took leave that evening of Mrs. Zant, he had pledged himself to give Lucy a holiday at the seaside ; aad he had faid, without blushing', that the child really deservtd it, as a reward for general good con duct and attention to her lessons ! IX. Three dajB later, the father an3 daughter arrived towards eveninof at St. Aun'don Sea. They found Mrs. Zaut waiting at the station. The poor woman's joy on seeing them, ex pressed itself liko the joy of a ohild. '? Oh, I am to glad, so glad!' was all she oould Bay when they met. Lucy was half-smothered ?with Wrsc-8, and was made supremely happy by pietent of the finest doll she had evtr possessed. Mrs. Zant accompanied her friends to the rooms which had been Beo ired at the hotel. She was able to aauik con fidentially to Mr. Bayburn, while Luvsy was in the balcony hugging her doll and looking at the sea. Ihe one avent that had happ9nnd during Mrs. Zant's short residence at at. Auu'h, was the departure of her brother-in-law that morning for London. Ha had beea oilled away for a few hoars by business; his ho Ma keeper expected that he would return ia titn9 for dinner. Ab to his conduct towards Mr3. Zant, be was not only as attentive as ever - he w« almost oppressively affectionate in his Un^u^-rd and manner. There v/aa no servioa tb.it a man oould render which he had not eagerly off erad to her. He declared that he had already perceived an improvement in her haalth; he oongratulated her on hiving deoidoi to stay in his houso, and (as a proof, perhapB, of hi8 pinoeiity) he had rapefttodly pressed her hand. 'Have you any idea what ull this inein3?' he paid simply. Mr. Rayburn kept his idea to himself. He profesatd ignoranoo ; aad asked next what sort of a person tho housekeeper was. Mrs. Zant Bhook her head ominously. ' Such a strange orcature,' ehe said, ' and in the habit of taking such liberties, that I begin to be afraid she is a little crazy.' ' Is Bhe an old woman ?' ' No — only middle-aged. This morning, after her master had left the house, she actually asked mo what I thought of my brotherin law ! I told her, as ooldly as possible, that I thought he was very kind. Hhe was quite in senbible to thu tono in which I had spoken ; aha went on from bad to worse. ' Do you call him the sort of man that would take tho fanoy of a young woman V was her next question. She aotually locked at me (I might have baen wrong, and I hope I was) bb if tho 'young woman' she had in her mind wus myself ! I jaid, 'I don't think of ou''h things, and I don't talk about them.' Still, she was not in the loiat dis couraged; sho made a personal remark next: ' Eioueo mo —but you do look wrotohediy pale.' I thought eho seemed to enjoy tha defect in my complexion ; I really beliovo it raided me in hor estimation, fcho invited mo to go dewnstairtf with hor, aud look at the mastor'n workshop. Tho plooo waa a puzzlo to her— and aho would like to havo my opinion on it. ' He mixes things in hia workshop,' nho said. ' I mean things that ho powders and things that ho boils. Bomotlmos they burst and make a noiso ; and sometimes they hiss and make a smell, Potions, I doro Bay. Oomo and havo a look at tho plaoo ; I know whore he boops tho key.' Of couno, I rotusod. Bhe wus just aa friendly and familiar as ever. ' We shall get on bettor in time ; I'm beginning to like you.' She walked out humming a tune. Don't you agrea with me? Don't you think she's orazy? ' ' I think you were quite right not to ac company her to the scene of her master's chemical experiments. Does she look as if aho might have boen a pretty woman at one time of heflife?' 'Not the sort of pretty woman whom I ad mire '.' Mr. Bajburn smiled. ' I wia thinking,' he resumed, 'that this person's odd con duct may perhaps be accounted for. She ie probably jealous of any young lady who U in vited to her master's hou«e— aud (till aha noticed your complexion/ she began by being jealous of you.' Innocently at a loss to understand how she could become an obje:t of the housekeeper's jealousy, Mrs. Zant looked at Mr. Bayburn in ustonbhment. Before she could give expres sion of her feeling of surrjrise, there was on interruption. A waiter entered tha room, and announced a visitor ,' describe! as ' a geatle man.' Mrs. Zint at onoe rose to retire. ' Who isthe gentleman?'1 Mr. Bayburn asked — detaining Mrs. Zint R3 he spoke. A voice which they both reoogaised answered gaily, from the outer side of the door : ?'A friend from London.' X. '?'Welcome to St. Ann's,' oried Mr. John Zini. ' I knew that you were expected, my dear sir, 6nd I took my chance of finding you at the hotel.' He turned to his sister-in-law, and kUsed her hand with an elaborate gallantry worthy of Sir Charle3 Grandi3on himself. ''Whrn I reached home, my dear, and heard that you had gone out, I guessed that your object was to receive our excellent friead. You have not felt lonely while I hive been away ? That's right! That's right!' He looked towards the balcony, and aiso overed Luoy at j the open window, staring at tho magoificeat stranger. ' Your little daughter, Mr. Riyburn? Dear child! Ccme, and Visa me.' Lucr acjwtred in one pesitive word—' No.' Mr. John Zint advanced to the window, smiling superbly. ''Show me your doll, dir ling,'' he said. 'Sit on my kuee.' Lucy answer sd ia two positive words: 'I won't.' j Her father approached the window to ad ! minister the necessary reproof. Mr. Johu Zaat I interfered in the cause of mercy with hia be-t ! grace. He held up his hards in meek entre.a'y. j ' Dear Mr. Baybaru ! The fairies are some times shy, and this little fairy doe-n't tase to strangers at first sight. Dear child .' All ia good time. Aad what stay do you make a' 3t. Ann's ? May we hope that our poor attractions ?Bill tempt you to prolong your visit f ' He put his flattering little question with an case of manner which was rather too plainly afsumed ; and he looked at Mr. Bsybura with a watchfulness which appeared to attach un due importance to the reply. When he said : ' What stay do you make at St. Ann's?' did he really mean : 'How soon do youleive us?' Mr. Bayburn answered oautloasly, that his stay at the seaside would depend on circumstances. Mr. John Zant looked at his Biator- in-lsar, riitiag silent in a corner with Lucy on her lap. ' Exu't you attractions,' he said ; ' make the circumstances Bgreeable to our good friend. Will you dine with ua to-day, my dear sir, aud bring your little fairy with you ?' Lucy waa far from receiving thia compli mtutiiry allusion ia the spirit iu whiuh it had been offered. ' I'm not a fairy,' she de^lirei. ' I'm a cMld.' ' And a Daughty child,' her father lidded, with all tha severity th\it ha could aasums. ' I can't help it, pap*; the muu with the bi:r board puts mo out.' The man with tho big beard waa atr.a-:c3 — amiably, pateruitly manned — by Lu&y;'a plain speaSiag. Ha repeated his invitation to dinner; and ho did his be3t to lojk di3 appjitted when Mr. Kayburn unile tho neces sary excuses. 'Another day,' he said (s-ithou!:, hovrovor, fixitjg the (lay). ' I think you will iiid my hpu;e comfortable. 3Iy experiments, waon I amuse mysel! m that way, seldom offend the nostrils of visitors ; and my housekesper miy perhaps be eccentric —but iu all essentials a woman ia a thou;-;nd. Do you feel the change from London Mlioidy? Our air at St. Ana's is really worthy oi its reputati'JB. Invalids who come here ara cured as if by nitgta. What do you think of Mrs. Ziut? Howdoai she look:-' Mr. Bayburn wa3 evidently expected to aay that Eho looked better. Hssiidit. Me. Johu Zant- eecmed to have anticipated a strong-* expression of opinion. 'Surprisingly batter!' he prououacad. ' Infinitely batter ! Wo ought both to ba grateful. Pray believe that we aro grateful.' ' If you mean grateful t » ma.' Mr. Baybnra remarked, ' I don't quite understand — .' ' You don't quite understand ? Is it passible that you have forgotten our jonveraatbu when I first had the honour of receiving you ? Look at Mrs Zant again.' Mr. Bayburn looked ; and lira. Ziui's brother-in-law explained himself. ' ' l'ou notice the return of her colour, tho healthy brightness of her oyod. (No, my dear, I am not payiug you idle compliments ; I am stating pliin facts). For thut happy result, Mr. Bayburn, we are indebted to you.' 'Purely not !' 'Surely, yoa ! It was at your valuable su£ gei?tion that I thoaght of inviting ray aisteriu law to vi-it me at St. Anu'a. Ab, you retnsin ber it now. Forgive me if I look at my watch ; the dinner hour is on my mind. Not, aa ycur dear littlo daughter thora seems to think, because I am greedy, but because I as always punctual, in justice to the cook. Shall wa nee you to-nwrcow ? Call early, and you will find ua at house.' He gave Mr-. Zant his arm, and bowed aud smiled, aud fci.-ned his hand to Luoy, and left the room. Thinking over the interview at the hotel in London, Mr. Baybura now understood John Zr-nt's object (on that ooiiijioa) in assnmiDg the character of a helpless man in need of a sensible suggestion. If Mrs, Zmt's residence uuder his roof became associated with evil consequences, he could declare that aho would never have entered tha house but for Mr. Bayburn's advice. With tho next day oami the hateful neces sity of returning this man's visit. Mr. Biy bnrn wns placed between two alternatives. In Hvi. Z-.nt'B interests ha must remiia, no matter at what sacrifice o£ his otvaiauliuationB, on good terms with her brother-in-law — or ho must letnrn to London, and leave the poor woman to her fate. His choioe, it is needles* to tay, waa never a matter of doubt. Ha called at tho house, and did his itinoaent bast — withoutin the least deceiving Mr. John Z tnt — to make himself agreeable duiing the short duration of his visit. Descending tha Btairs on his way out, accompanied by Mrs. Zint, he was surpri-ed to see a middle-aged woman in the hall, who looked as if she waa waiting there expressly to attract notice. 'The housekeeper,' Mrs. Z ant whispered. 'She is impudent enough to try to make ac quaintance with you.' ThiB was cxaotly what the housekeeper was waiting in tho hall to do. ' I hope you liko our watering- place, sir,' she begau. 'If I osn ba of service to yoa, pray oommand me. Any friend of this lady's haa a claim on me— and yon are an old friend, no doubt. I am only the housekeeper ; but I presume to take a sinooro interest in Mrs. Zant ; and I am indeed glad to sea you hare. Wo none of us know — do we? — how soon wa may want a friend. No oSenoe, I hope? Thank you, Bir. Good morning'. Thero was nothing in the woman's eyes which indicated un unsottlod mind ; nothing in tbe appearance of her lips whioh suggested habits of intoxiaation. That her strange out burst of familiarity proceeded from some strong motive seemed to bo more than probable. Pat ting together what Mrs. Zint hud already told him cud what he had himself ob»orred, Mr. Rayburn was inclined to beliova that th9 motive might be found in tho housekeeper's jealousy of her mister. XI. The suggestivo oventa of the day wore not at an end yot. At the moment when John Zant's door closed behind him, Mr. Bayburn was re cognised by an old friend, pawing in tho street —a person of celebrity in the world of solenoo, who was professor of chemistry at ono of tho London hucpitals. ' What f havo you been submitting your foot to Mr, Zant f ' aakod tho prof onsor, pointing to tho braes plato on tho door, Mr. Bayburn explained that he had on1.; been paying an ordinary visit. ' Ah, you know him ? Well, as an operator, I cannot speak too highly of your friend. He haa set right a ra:her serious mistake made in my ease by the oorncnttor whom I am aoous tomed to employ iu London. In other respects, he is oae of the* queerest oharaotera I havo met with for many a long day past ' ' In what way, may I a»k : ?' Tho professor took hia friend's arm. They walked along the esplanade togother. 'We live,' Baid tho chemist, 'in an age when literature, art, and soienoa are all alitea invaded by tae omnipresent amateur. Me. John Zant is an amateur who practises what he calls ' occult chemistry' in his leisure houra. While he was operating on my foot he applied the soothirg influence of flattery, delicately laid on ; and when he had done, if I may use a coarse expression, he pumped me in my scien tific capacity without mercy. The fellow— I bei; your purdon ; I forgot he was a friend of yours ; let us cay the accomplished ama teur— has collected some curious old books relating to chemistry, and has foundoi on them some absurd theories of hia own. One of these theories ia that the old supersti tion, ?which once believed in ' Tha Elixir of Love,' actually resta on a biiia of ohemioal truth. Theie are drug3 (ho was good enough to remind me) which affect the mind through the body, and which may bo influence the intellectual powers as to place the will of one person at the mercy of the will of another. ? In that way,' s-.ys Mr. John Zant, ' I account for Ihe wonders said to have be-on porformed by the love draughts, mentioned in this oli book !' He turned over a few pages, aud pointed to a recipe (or prescription) which, aa he thon.eht, jastifisd his opinion. But ho would like to know, ha informed me, if my wonderful, &c;, &c;, confirmed him in his own view. His plausible irapudonco— I bng your pardon ngain ; we will s»y his thirst for knowledge — was really aa gocd aa a play. But ttere waa a.'serious side to the nonsense that ho talked. I led him on (I am ashamed to say) for my own amusement, until I made a dis covery which I had not bargained for. The man is ignorantly meddling with two chemical ingredients, which may produce disastrous rerulte— if he attempts to put his theorios to the test. He denies thit he haa an intention of £oing thia — excepting perhaps in the casa of some unfortunate Hnimal. Whether there ia any good reason to believe him, we won't stop to inquire. My last words at parting gave him a waruinpr, which I hope will have its effect. It might not be amiss if you exerted your in IWnco over your friend. Tell him to take that ,-rc.il! metal case which ho brought with him from London out in a boat, and when he gats into detp water to throw it overboard. Are you staying at St. Ann's ? I'm hare iu lodg ings with my wife till tho end of tha week. There ia the address ; come and see us.' Bcflecting iu the solitude of his own room, Mr. Bayburn felt that the one prudent cour.ia to take would ba to remove Mra. Zaut from St. Ann's. Ho tried to prepare her cautiously for this strong proceeding when she oama the next ' day to take Lucy out for a walk. ' If you still regret having forced yourself to accept your brother-in-law's invitation,' waa all he ventured to say, ' don't forget that you are pe.-fect mistress of your own aotions. You have only to come to ma at the hotel aui I will tako you back to London by tha noxt train. ' She positively refused to entertain the idea. ' I bliould b-i a thaaklecs creature, indeed,' ehe said, 'if I accepted your proposal. Do you think I am ungrateful enough to involve yoa in a personal quarrel with Johu Zmt? No ! If I find m j self forced to leavo tha house I will go away alone ' There was no moving hsr from thia resolu tion. Whea she and LHoy had gone oat together, Mr. Bayburn remained at the hottl, witli a miud ill at ease. A man oi reaiior men til refcouresa might have felt at a loaa how to act for the be»t iu tho emergency that now con fronted h'm. While he was atill as far a3 t;ver from arriving at a decision, soma p arson knocked at the door. Hid Mrs. Zant returnod? He looked up as tho door w£B opened, and saw to hid astonish ment — Mr. Johu Z mt's housekeeper. ' I hope I have not done wrong,' she said ; ' I buve alloffr.d your little girl, air, to go to the beach with a playfellow. Wo met tho child, -with her mother, at the door of thehotiil. The lady said she was suro you would not objeot ? ' ' The lady is quite right,' Me. Eayburn interposed. 'But how id it that you are in oharge of Luoy ? Where is Mrs. Zant?' 'Mrs. Zant is not well, air. At least so I am told. It happened, as I hear, while sha was passing our house, door ; and I had my master's orders to bring Miss Luoy back. Before I go away,' ehe added confidentially, 'I should liko to say a word in Mrs. Z ant's interests. Take the lady out of our house — and lose, no time in doing it.' Mr. Eayburn waa ou his guard. Ha merely asked: ' Why?' Tho housekeeper answered ia a curiously in direct manner — partly in je3t, asitaaamed, and partly in earnest. ' When a man has lo-t hia wife,' she said, ' there's some difference of opinion in Parlia ment, us I hear, whether ho do as right or wrong, if he marries his wife's Bistor. Wait a bit ! I'm coining to the point. My master is one who has a loi g head on his shoulders ; ho sees consequences which escape tho notice oi peoplo like mo. In hie way of thinking, if one man may murry his wife's sister, and no harm done, whera'Btho objection l! another man pays a compliment to the family, and marries his brother's widow. My master, if yoa piano, is thHt other man. Take tho widow away before she marries him.' This was bojond endurance. ' You insult Mrs. Zant,' Mr. Baybura answired, 'if you suppose that nuoh a thing is possible !' 'Oh! I insult her, do 1? Listen to mo. One of three things will happen. She will bo entrapped into consenting to it— or drugged into consenting to it ? ' Mr. Bayburn was too indignant to let her go on. 'You are talking nonsense,' ha uaid. 'There can be no matriage ; the law forbids ' Ara you one of the people who see no farther than tbeirnoaes?' Bho asked, insolently. 'Won't the law take hiu money? Is he obliged to mention that he is zelated to her by marriage, when ha buys tho license !'' She. paused; her humour changed; she stamped furiously on the floor. The true motive that animated her showed itself in her nsxt words, and warned Mr. Bayburn to grant a more favourable hearing than he had accorded to her yet. 'If you won't stop it,' the burst out, ' I ?will ! If he marries anybody ho ia bound to marry me. Will you take her away ? I aek you for the list time — will you take he: away?' Tho tone in which Bhe made that final appeal to him had its effect. ' I will go baok with you to John Zant'a house,' be said, 'and judgo for myoelf.' She laid her hand on his arm. ' I must go fiist— or you may not bo let in. Follow me in fivomiaates; aad don't knock at the street door.' She left him inBtantly. He reckoned five minutes by his witch, and followed her. She was waiting for him behind tho door. ' They aro both in the drawing-room,' she whispered, leading the way upstairs. ' Step softly, and take him by surprise.' With a dexterous hand she noinelegaly opened the door and let him into the room. XII. A table of oblong shape etood midway be tween the drawing-room walls. At tba end of it which was nearest to the door Johu Zant was seated, stirring some liquid in a silver oup. Taken completely by surprise, he showed him self in his true character. He started to hia ft et, and protested with an oath against tho in trusion which had boen committed on him. Headless of bin aotion and hU lantrnago, Mr. Buyburn oould look at no'hing, could think of nott itig, but Mrs. Zant. She was standing at tho opposite end of tho table, in tha full flow of sunlight pouring at that moment ioto tho room. Hur ovos looked out ttnu'ght Lcforo her — as void of all expres sion as if they had bcon eyes compouod in Bleep. Hit lipa wore a littlo partod ; her head drooped hllghtly towards hor ehoulaor, in an attitude which Huggohtod lihtenloc: for Homo thing or waiting for something. Perfectly In Keneiblo to tho midden opening of the door, to her brother-in-law'H violenoo, to tho wordH of sympathy whioh Mr. Rayburn addroisad to hor— theio «ho etood botwoeu tho two men j a living oreaturo, oolf-liiolatod in a atiUnoM Ilka tho Milkers of death. John Zant's voice broke the ailenoe. His temper was under control agiin, he had hia reasons for still remaining on friendly terms with Mr. Rayburn. 'lam sorry I forgot my3olf juat now,' he said. 'We are both of us naturally anxious about her.' He pointed to his sister-in-law, and went on stirring the liquid in the silver cup. ' When did thia happtn ? ' Mr. Kayburn asked. 'Not half an hour ago — just as she wa3 at tho door of this house. I was fortunately at homo. Without speaking to mo, without noticing me, she walked up the staira, liko a person in a dream. She placed herself where she stands now. Sho has not movod since. It's a nervous seizure of a peouliar kind. Something resembling oatalepsy. as you see.' ' Have you sent for a dootor ?' ' A doctor is not wanted ?' ' I beg your pardon. It seems to me that modio'sl help ia absolutely necessary.' 'Be so good, eir, as to remember that the decision rests with me, as tha lady's relative. I understand the nature of the attack ; and I am about to apply the remedy.' Mr. Bajburn approached him, determined to get possession of the oup. 'A remedy of your own devising?' he asked, moving a little nearer. His face probably betrayed him. John Zant increased the distance between them.- Advanc ing round the right Bide of the table, he drew near to Mrs. Zant. Sho moved before ho had pstBsed over the space between them. Her atill iiguro began to tremble. She lifted hor droop icg head. For a moment there was a shrink ing in her — as if sho had been suddenly touched by fomething. Sho seemed to recognise the touch ; the was still again. J..hn Ztint watched t!io change. ' She is beginning to recover her senses,' he said ; ' the remedy will help her.' He advanced nguiu ; he paused into the flood of sunlight flowing over her. Mr. Bayburn followed hiui, determined to prevent it if he offered the cup. He waited a littlo, closely observing her. ' Bouse yourself,' ha Baid. Bhe rfmaincd in the Eamo position, absorbed in her thought or in her dream. ' Bouso yourself,' ho repeated, 'and drink thia.' At the instant when ho held it out to her — at the instant when Mr. Bayburn's hand was lifted to se'za it — the oup dropped from his fingers. His arm remained outstretched. With a thric-k of horror he struggled to draw it back— struggled, in the empty brightness of the sunshine, as if eome invisible grip had seized him. ' What his got me?' tho wretch screamed. 'Who is holding mo? Oh, the cold of it! the cold of it!' Hia features bo came convulssd ; hia eyes turned upward until enly the white eyeballs were visible. Ho fell prostrate with a crush that rhook the room. Tha house-keeper heard it, and rushed in. Sho knelt by her master's body. With one hand she loosened hia cravat. With tho othor Bbe pointed to tho end of tun table. Mrs. Zaut still kept her place; but thero was another change. Liltlo by little her eyes recovered their natural living expression — then elowly oloBed. She tottered backwards from tho table, and lifted her hands wildly as if to praep at Fomething which might support her. Mr. Bayburn hurried to hur before she fell, lifted hor in his arms, and carried hor oat of tbe room. One of the household servants mat them in tho hall. He sent her for a carriage. In a quatter of an hour more Mrs. Zint waa safe under his care ut the hotel. XIII. That night a note written by tho house keeper, wus delivered to Mrs. Zant. ' The dootors give little hope. Tho paralytio stroke is spreading upwards to hia face. If death spares him, ho will live a holploas man. 1 Bhall tako care vi liiui to tho last. As for you — forget him.' Urn. Znijt gave the note to Mr. Bayburn. ' Head it, and destroy it,' *he said. ' It ia written in ignorance of the terrible truth.' Ho obeyed— atid lookod at hor in silence, waiting to hear mo: e. She hid her f «oe. Tho few words that she had addressed to him, af tor a struggle with' herself, foil slowly ani re luctantly from her lipa. She said, ' ' No mortal hand held the hand of John Zant. The guardi in spirit was with ma. The promised protection waa with me. I kaow it. I wish to know no more.' Having spoken, she rose and gave him hor hand. He opened tho door for her, seeing that Bhe needed rest iu her own room. Left by himself, be began to consider the prospect that was before him in the futare. How was ho to regard the woman who had juBt left him ? As a poor 'creature, weakened by disease, the victim of her own nervous delusion, or as the ohosen objeot of a anoer natural rovelation — unparalleled by any similar revelation that he had hoard of, or had found recorded in buoka? His first discovery of the placo that she really held in his estimation dawned on his mind, when he felt himself recoiling from the conclusion whioh presented her to his pity, and yielding to the nobler con viction which felt with her faith, and raised her to a place apart from other women. XIV. Thpy loft St. Ann's tha next day. Arrived at the oud of tbo journey, Luoy held fast by Mrs. Zaut'a hand. T^ara were rising iu tho child's eyes. 'Are we to bid her good bye f ' she Faid sadly to hor father. He seemed to be unwilling to trust himielt to speak; he only said, 'My doar, aak her yourself.' But tho result justified him. Lucy was happy again. 