? RELIGIOUS NEWS. ? jgjf jyniTT-f«TymmraQBg— 1113 ; WOBK. — ? Sunday,' J«Bn*iy; 33, bemg, ,tfae 300*. anni versary of the birth of Enuumei Svedaobani, the Kev. E. .G. Day, paatot of th& New Chnich. HaaBon-staeet, delivered two dis 'There was a man' sent vom God whoae name was John.' John, he said, had been sent to announce the advent of Jehovah in the flesh, and the teatunony he bareeoncern icg Christ was accosted by those who listened to his teaching, and submitted to his baptism. Thero were .many others, 'Kings and leaders, prophets/ Beers, penmen of toe Sacred^ .Wwd/ rita^.wera soak by God to be&c;^mtctesaof the;, oomins light. . Some did miracles and some did not, yet they were accepted ae teachers Bent fcom God *4byall who were willing and obedient to the heavenly vision' they declared, . Bat many ^persons believed that 2£& years ago God sent into the world JUnannei S wedenbprg to stand m jffe cieely the same relation to the- Chryrtiiuy world that John the- Baptist stood to the tJewiah.C3inrch.and people. -John announced the first advent of Jehovah -in the flesh; Swedenborg.wa8.ient to announce the second advent of Jeeus Christ. He,, would review the work Swedenbor&didin; the world as the messenger of God's second, advent It was not until 1745 that the; opening of his ?piritual sight was folly effected, bos there was ground - for; conclading thai although the Lord ' appeared to him .at the . time, ,rjet hia immediate preparation and tbe opjsningdf hia spiritual sight were operations' extending over several 3ears^-,It was now generally conceded by.hu biographers and those best acquainted with his scientific and theological works tha£ Swedenborg was so truly a man sent froai God that, he was really prepared from his infancy and during the whole course of .his life, from the time he took hia degree in 1709 as .Doctor, of Piiilosophy. and oommenped in the following year! his foreign travel This travel and nis duties as assessor. in tne Mining Department of Sweden all served to perfect hia powers as a natural philosopher, and to deepen profound religjoizs feeling-, so that before the opening of hi? spiritual sight he was really made a many-sided man, and w aa especially fitted to become the servant of the Lord Jesus. But. even in hia child hood, to use his own statement, .he was constantly engrossed by reflecting on God, on salvation, and on the spiritual affections of mac. He often revealed things in hia discourse which, made hia parents declare that certainly the angels spoke through his mouth. It waa hia greatest delight to converse with the clergy concern ing faith. His only belief was that God was the creator and preserver of nature ; that He endowed man with understanding, good inclinations, and other gifts derived from those. His theological works added many particulars to that faith, but never questioned it. When his son waa 41 years of age BiBhop Swedenborg wrote that 'God has to this hoar indeed been with him.' Swedenborg then had no idea of the wonderful experience that was in store for him. hat there had been a ' continual tendency from the natural to the spiritual, a steady ascension from the sciences towards natural theology, and an acceptance throughout of Biblical revela tion.'' In 1744 heaven waa opaned to him, ' the reason why he, a natural philosopher, had been chosen for the office being that spiritual knowledge might be easily learned and naturally understood, because spiritual truths answer to natural ones, which originate, now from, and airve aa a foundation for them.' It would aeem that he expected the kingdom of God to come upon him in the shape of clear principles deduced from all human knowledge, a scientific religion resting on nature, and revelation interpreted by analysis and syn thesis from the ground of a pare habit and holy life. Hu expectations were marvelloaaly fulfilled. Me waa indeed a man sent from God, tally prepared and supplied with know ledge and ability. Nothing short of the fullest acknowledgment of SwedenDorg'a mission would open men's minda to the reception o the truths of the eternal Word, for the reve lation of thoae truths by the Lord through the instrumentality of Swedenborg was what really constituted His second advent — a ful filment of the promise He made to His dis ciples, ' Hereafter I will show you plainly of the Father.' The information must needs be given to men by some man who had been especially prepared by the Lord. Open vision was a necessity in Swedenborg's case in order that the information given by the Lonl might be spiritually seen asd rationally understood. In that Swedenborg differed from the prophets of old, as it was not necesaary for them to understand the internal sense of what they wrote. What Swedenborg wrote in exposition of the internal sense of that Word waa what God revealed to him aa its spiritual meaning. Hence the authori tative character of the internal sense as given through Swedenborg in the ' Arcana Celestia,' the 'Aposalypae Revealed and Explained,' and in the Bummary exposition of the prophets and Psalms. They were all written while he was under direct spiritual illumination. And so the doctrines revealed to the new Church, which was emphatically the New Jerusalem, were identical with the doctrines of the Holy Word aa understood by the angel?, being drawn from the literal sense of the Word confirmed and illustrated by its spiritual meaning. Like John, Swedenborg was not that Light which the teaching of each revealed, as Jeaua was the true Light. John cried in the wilderness of Judea. Swedenborg by his writings cried in the wilderness ot the Christian Church, which in his day was both barren and uncultivated, destitute alike of Rood and truth. When rightly understood tSwedenborg's teachings had the practical effect of preparing human minda by repentance and spiritual purification from evil to accept the Lord's teaching by the Holy Ghost and with the baptism of fire or the purification of love. Whatever he was or was not, Swedenborg was certainly the servant of the Lord Jeaua Christ, and in all his work had a single eye to his Master's bervice. He was taught to make known the revelation of the truths of the Holy Word's internal spiritual sense by the Lord himstlf. Swedenborg, therefore, did not originate any of the spiritual ideas which are written in his works and called the ' Internal sense.' Swedenborg never claimed individual authorship. He was not inspired in the literal sense of the word; bis written words became the actual result of hia rational perception of thoae spiritual things which the Lord revealed. Therefore what Swedeaborg had written was really the authorized meaning of the Written Word. No other estimation of Swedenborg's writings would meet his case. It became necessary that Swed«nborg ehouij be enabled tot diitipgaUh between tha w£l« io. fepuecl buuk ol tne Woru as navlag the internal sense, and those usually regarded by the professing world as inspired. Swedenborg accordingly had said that of the sixty-six books forming the volume called the Bible only thiity-four were really inspired. In the Old Testament there were the five books cf Moses, the Books of Joshua, Judges, Samuel, and Kings, the Psalms, and all the Prophets, and in the New Testament the four Gospels and the Revelation. The proof was that hia 'Arcana Geleatia' gave the. internal sense of Genesis and Exodus, and his ' Apocalypse &eve;»led' the internal sense of the last prophetical book— the Bevtlatioc — while the 'Summary Exposi tion of the Prophets and Psalms' give in a brief but uudeiatandable form a summary of the internal sense of twenty-two books, and including the posthumous explication of the Apocalypse. Some 13,000 at least passages fiom all the other books had been briefly explained, so that any person acquainted with the law of analogy on ?which the word waa written could decipher the rest. It was not correct to say that Swendenborg rejected the Acts of the Apostles and their twenty-one epistles, for ha regarded them mi good and useful for the edification oi the Church, but not having the internal Eense, and were therefore only dogmatic writings. Of the nine other unin spired books Swedenborg regarded Job aa a very Book of the Church after the flood ; five were mere merely historical, of no very great value compared with the historical bocks. In the Proverbs andEcclesiswtea were some of the wisdom and possibly some of the pessimism of Solomon, while his acng had been long out of the catalogue of inspired bookB among the learned, and considered only an Eastern love soag. Tbe doctrine Swedenborg had given was therefore that without a revelation from the Divine man could not know anything concerning eternal life, nor even anything concerning God, and still less anything con cerning love to and faith in Him. Sweden borg's works had had slow recognition ; but there had been a great change in the ideas of thinking msn during the past century con cerning the subjects upon which Swedenborg wrote. Swedenborg during his life never attempted to become the leader of a sect, his mission was to write, and give to the world that internal sense of the written word which the Lord had revealed through hun#,mSweSenbor8 di*d on Sunday, March 29, 1772. Some three weeks before that event he took the sacrament of the Lord's Supper from the hands of a Swedish clergyman named Arvid Fertlius, who remarked that 'as many persons thought he had endeavoured onlv to make himself a name fay his new theological system— which object he had indeed attained * -he would do well now to publish the truth f i the world, and to recant either tiie whole r s part of what he had advanced aince-he »d now nothing more to expect from the orld. On heuiDg those words Sweden-' or* raised himself half upright, and placing birn sound hand upon his breast— the other feng paralyzed— said. with great, zeal awi emphasis, ' As trnelas tRpu, see _nw- before you, so true is everything jtbat I have written.? Alii - thafe., Swedenborg did to circulate his writings was to send copies- to - the - colleges of learned men. ? Fifteen, sears, after his death some Separatists joined with Robert Hindmarsh and established the Society of the Hew Church for public worship in London. Since then 76 other Societies had been formed, 7 being in Scotland, 1 in Jersey, and 68 in England, with a membership of neatly 6,000. There were 17 Societies for mission work, Sunday-schools with over 7,000 pupils, and lending libraries containing 19,000 volumes, Similar progress had attended the visible New Church in America, France, Italy, and Swedes. That was not much to boast about, bat. the author's writinga had really only been extant for the last 1C0 yeara, and the progress was at least encouraging. The dis course was divided into two portions, one being delivered in the morning and the other m the evening. At each service there waa ' a fair attendance. 'The Austhaliait Natioh: us Birth, DahgkBS, AKD R«gr-n KBrRTT.rrnca. ' — Tois waa the title of the Rev. J. C.-Kirby's Sunday evening discourse at the Port, founded upon the words ' A little one shall become a thousand, and the small one a strong nation' (Isaiah xvL 22). The preacher shortly sketched the memorable scene at Sydney Cove 100 years from Thursday last, when Captain Phillip, BJN., proclaimed the British dominion in Australia, and asked what was the effect of the proceeding ? It incorporated these vast territories in the British Empire, which meant that throughout all these lands British law obtains the freest sway — that great inheritance of law which came down to nit and would exercise dominion over us till the very end of time. The nation founded at Sydney Cove a century ago was one that -will never fade as long as the world endures, and which even- now has opening before- it some of the grandest prospects for prosperity of any nation in the history of the world. It was time that young Australians began to realize the great responsibilities to which they were born. It might seem a small event those few men going through the ceremony of proclaiming a new nationality, but if we first looked back and then looked around upon the Beven Australian States, with their wealth and vigour, all now united under the Imperial Crown of Victoria, they should remember a text he had recently used, 'Despise not the day of Bmall things.' It was interesting to watch a weaver at his loom, with the threads going in and out and cross ways, which at first Bight might seem like a maze, hard to under Btand. But the weaver's work resulted in a good fabric, showing an excellent design. God was a great weaver, and He had inter woven the affairs of all thing' — of human lives and of nations. To us it might seem nothing but a tangled mass, bat when God showed it to us we discovered that He had been busy making a beautiful fabric, worked all according to a system. Britain was the august mother of nations, and the grandeur of her functions would be known in the later centuiieB, as we cannot appreciate them to day. Look at Canada, the United States, South Africa, and Australasia, When they came to the maturity of their powers it would be almost impossible to appreciate the grandeur of the mother of nations. When America obtained her independence and Britain wanted fresh grounds where to send her convicts it became necessary to turn attention to Australia. But the United States had recovered from convictiam and no one ever heard about it now. And con sidering the great emigration to Australia we also had long ago recovered from any taint im posed by convictism. We must remember the alight pretexts upon which men were transported to these shores. Men were aent here whom we could not term criminals, and for offences which we should think adequately punished by a fine of 20s. — a £L Then there were the rebels of '98. The number of real criminals bore a very small proportion to the whole. What were the Children of Israel when they were called out of Egypt ? Who were the men who founded Rome? These latter were the founders of that Roman law which would be the law of the whole human race before many generations were gone. If any one doubted that God used Bmall things for His purposes let him look . at the great city of Sydney to-day, and reflect upon the great centennial Bervice being held in her Cathedral that day. When God wanted a big thing done he generally found a big man. It was a great thing to establish a new nationality under the Southern Cross, and God took a great man to do it. Captain Phillip was emphatically the father of the great Australian race. He waa of that spirit and calibre that he spared himself nothing in order to accomplish his ends. He had extra ordinary resolution. When Sydney was founded the email community had to endure great privations at times, and the Governor fared exactly as the reat. There were times for years together when all expected to perish from starvation. If Captain Phillip had been a different man he might have put bis people upon the frigate which they had there, and taken them all home again. But he stuck manfully to his work. If the young men of the future had the endurance and courage of Captain Phillip Australia would be a grand nation indeed. Captain Phillip knew the proper way to establish a nation, and waa far ahead of hia day. If his view had been carried out, he (the preacher) thought the Australian-people would have been twice the number they are to- day. But Captain Phillip's work was taken up by persons of inferior calibre. He himself did well and truly lay the foundation of the Australian nation, and on that foundation the Australian nation would survive till the very crack of doom. There had been nothing like a proper appreciation of Captain Phillip. Port Phillip was named after him, besides a county or two, but he had never discovered yet that the Australian people thought it necessary to erect a statue in his honour. Ae wanted now to bind the Australian nation. It was born in a certain place, and it was right that joat now our affections should turn to that birthplace. From Sydney Tasmania waa settled, and from Tasmania Victoria waa settled. It was through Sydney that New Zealand was first annexed, and it was through Governor Darling that the remaining portion of the Australian continent was added to the British Empire. He Bent a force to Western Australia and secured the land. We had always been a little ahead of the French, and « hen that country wished to secure a com paratively insignificant piece of territory like the New Hebrides we could afford to be a little generous. Sydney first planted the country with fruit-trees and distributed the domestic animals over the land. Courts of Law were first opened there, commercial life begsu there, the first money was coined there, 'and the P1** schools were estab lished there. The Angii(j35 Church had the honour ol introducing. Christianity in these lands, and only on Sunday last. the Bishop bad used the first Bible and prayer-book need in public services in Australia. But the Roman Catholic, the Presbyterian, tiie Weeleyan, Congregational, and other bodies had done their share off the work since. Therefore, taking the economic, commercial, intellectual, and religious life of the Aus tralian nation we found its root and be ginning ic Sydney, and there waa a special reason why we should rejoice with- the people of Sydney in celebrating their centennial. As a national sentiment arose, it superseded a mere provincial and colonial one. When the minds of the nation- turned to- its birthplace they found a living centre of unity in the City .of Sydney. The Australian people had. no reason to despise the ro=k whence they were hewn. But we had our dangers. Chief amongst these was the Chinese inroad. This if not stopped would degrade and spoil the purity of our nation. He believed a Chinese influx would injure the muscle, the general calibre, and the intellectual power of the Australian nation. He wanted that nation to be a grand nation, able to hold its own for purity with the best on the European continent; but if we mixed in our blood with that of an inferior race we as a nation should suffer. To do so would be treason to the spirit of the gospel. ThiB Bhould not be a mere question of profit. It was a ques tion of national life, in which there were elements of more importance than silver and gold. Another danger was drink, on which an enormous sum was annually spent in Australia. A great reform waa of urgent necessity in this respect. But from the beginning the very spirit of democracy had been at work in forming the Australian nation. Democracy waa not perfect, but when we compared what it had done for human liberty against what had been done by despotism aided by aristocracy we saw that democracy was a great and wonderful privilege. We had inherited wonderful privileges, which should be turned to the beat account by all. An Irishman, writing to his wife, who was stillio'ould Ireland, began his letter by making tbe following surprising statement :— 'It'aafoinecounthry, Bridgey, an' no mis; take.- I've this day put phwat they call an inshoorance on me loife, an' if Fd fall down a ladder wid me hod an' break me neck to morrv, begoira an' Fd get twinty-nve dollars a -wake as long aa I'm dead. ''In a wine country: that phwat itis.' ... .„. _.. , ; 