[From Melbourne papers 1 VICTORIA. \- ' BALLARAT, August 26. -It-is-intended to establish a Roman Catholic College and Orphanage at Ballarat. The first-named will be conducted by the bathers of the Holy Ghost, and the latter by the Little Sisters, of Nazareth. Both priests and nuns will arrive from England with Bishop Moore In November. The site for the college is in Sturt street, and was purchased from Mr. Gaunt, barrister,', for £4,000. The orphanage will be on the eastern side of La ko Wendouree, and will be open also for the aged and distressed of all creeds, A somewhat remarkable action for damages has been brought before Judge Quinlan in the County Court. Proceedings were taken under the Employers Liability Act. Plaintiff was a bricklayer named Joseph Johnston,. who sued his brother, Thomas Johnston, a , builder and contractor, for the recovery of £450 damages as' compensation for injuries sustained through the alleged negligence of a scaffold, in the employ of the defendant, 5 It seemed that the accident occurred on March" 20 last during the erection i of Kelsall's now wool warehouse in Lydiard street, the plaintiff having fallen through a hole in tliescaflblding. He sustained among other' injuries, the loss of the right eye, through the trowel he was holding coming' into contact with the eye. His Honor gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £450, with costs"! It appears that the defendant is insured against such losses in the New Zealand-. Insurance Co., who will, in accordance with the terms of their policy, have to pay the damages entered up by the court to-day. '- WEKUIBKE, August 26. '' The Racecourse Hotel, Werribee,' known in the early days as the Bridge Inn, was totally destroyed by fire early yesterday morning. This hotel was erected in the year 1846, and will be remembered by travellers by coach in the early days, previous to the construction of the Geelong and Melbourne railway. It was first opened and kept for 34 years by the late Mr. Armstrong, but since that gentleman's demise, eight years ago, the property has changed hands several times.' The origin of the fire is unknown., Very little of the stock or furniture was paved. Great credit is due to Trooper McKenzie for his timely assistance in rescuing the present landlord's children from the burning building, which was accomplished at considerable risk. "' ' ~ DROUIN, August 26, 1 A syndicate of Melbourne men has purchased Dawes' Commercial Hotel and Sutcliffe's Family Hotel, Drouin, for a little over £4,000. Also several farms at prices ranging from £4 10s. to £7 per acre! The syndicate has made offers for two other hotels and several more farms. Land and property throughout the district have largely increased in value during the last few months. a '' ' >? ' '' GEELONG, August 26th ,' -A young man named John Monk, fell, off the Yarra- street wharf into the my shortly after midnight on Saturday, while ' intoxí- j opened, and when taken out of the IM' was apparently . lifeless: The officers from the steamer, Hubbuck' rescued the man, and afterwards sent him to the hospital, where he was restored to consciousness by Dr. Marwood,' by means of artificial respiration, after half an hour's work. The new channel off Point Henry, designed to facilitate shipping business at this port. is now,] half completed. It has been cut a distance about a couple of , miles to a depth of 21ft. at low water, and 80ft. in width, but when finished it will be 200ft wide. The ship Serapis, ? which , arrived from Melbourne' on Friday after-' noon is the first large vessel to make use of the new channel, but the cutting is not deep enough to permit of vessels deeply laden coming through at low water, and the steamer! IlnW)dckj''T)ound for London," via this port, had to wait outside until, high water this afternoon before entering, Corio Buy.' A,;, .. , , ,, M ' i JJ i I mil' MANSFIELD, August 24. A rather serious accident happened to the mail coach from Euroa this evening. It The'' di ivor, Wm. Davis Who, in consequence ps' the usual driver being in Melbourne; -has' been doio{jx<tóablo duty forms days past, and wh^sMt;wd|a*uuuwtcd_wM the road between Merton and Dooen, was unaware of the existence of ,*rc$m-liol«rmWilß tuck a few mlletifrOKi'te'e1 former township, and the coach g ling suddenly into it, he was thrown from his seat, falling on his head. The only other occupant of the coach was a lad named Gardner, about 10 years of ago a son of the regular driver, who was seated on the box alongside of Davis. With great presence of mind the boy waited for a favourable opportunity to jump but the coach, which he accomplished successfully, escaping unhurt. He immediately went back to the assistance of the driver Davis, whom he found insensible. When the driver was thrown from his seat the horses, which were used to the road, went on with the each keeping the track for about two miles, crossing two narrow bridges as steadily as though they had been under the control of a driver. But on descending a steep hill, and missing the usual application of the ]\l/i\j, they started off at a gallop, eventually leaning against a tree and smashing the pole into splinters. The horse was killed on the spot, the others escaping unhurt. A passing buggy brought on tim mails and the driver to Mansfield, the latter having sufficiently recovered to be able to drive his usual stage to Jamieson the next night. 