Respecting the omission in the Amending Licensing A.ct, pointed out by 31c Gaunsou at the Ali-lbouriie Licensing Act . on Wednesday, when all the cases against the olfcnding publi cans were dismissed,- tho Attorney-General) while admitting that the alteration in the law goes furthbr thai! was intended, piiinte nut that tile re is no lailure ot tlie act. inasuiuch as offenders can be punished by police magistrates, whose courts he icgards as being rety 'competent tribunals to possess jurisdiction id this kind, and ho also dwells upon tlio fuct tliat. the more soiious issues of the licensing lav.- are sri'l left to the solo jurisdiction of the Licensing C-uit. It is not necessary, Air Wrixon says,- that the time of a Couuly Court judge and two police magistrates should bo taken up in hearing every petty case of alleged minor breaches of tlse law;. Why delay to insure against accirfenls whan they are' of daily recurrence. W. Adams, agent for. the NeW Zealand Acdideiit Insurance Co;— Advt. ... Air H. 0. Rpwe announces that he is again a candidate for the' representation of the Fryers Creek Division of the" Milling Board at. tho forth coming election. Air Bennett notifies that bis premises will be closed to day for tlie purpose of.ro-in-arking stock previous to the great . sale, which commences to rn- -rrow. The Borough Council had under consideration last night a suggestion for appoin'ing a care- laker for tin- bath, so that the time apportioned fur females should not bu monopolised by boys, or any irregu'arities pass u« checked, but : no resolution was come to until the question be thought over in a week hence. Mr T. Brock calls attention ' iii another column to alterations in his premises, and to bis clearing out a large portion of stock in the show room prior, to tho latter being increased' in 'size. The mantle and mi linery department-" is to be tot-illy sold off, and he is making reductions in the prices for drapery.-— Advt. PrefeSsqi-Ril-o again appeared at the Thea've Royal' lust uiglit, ille cnlertaiuineiit corsisting of linditig a pit), ohiirvoyaucy, &c.; Ho read questions written by straiigers by" means of spirit rappings, which proved interesting. To morrow afteriioiin tlie Professor gives a matinee for - children,, when ..each juvenile will, receive a present. In the everting he will produce his noted ghost scene, or the Katie King mystery. Yesterday William Tongue) a very old re sident of Barkers Creek, died in the Hospital, having been admitted on' Saturday last, suffer ing from inflammation of the bladder, which was the cause of death. Deceased was 71 years of age, and in the early days lip follow ed , the occupation of a miner, spending" a good deal of money in presetting.' '-'Latterly 'ho opened a slate quarry at Specimen Gully, and worked tliere for a considerable tiiiio. The funeral takes place this afternoon. The Maldou Shire Hall ris .beautifully set off by ladies who liave opened a' bazaar in it in aid of the funds ''foi-' tlie Cllurch ,'ofj Engkihd; ; A lirrat variety of fancy gdods, and of needlework in many foi-nisidisphiyed iii the making up of articles for sale, claim inspection and tempt purchasers. A novohylias come from Germany of n'frame with glass fluting, which shows, by a side view, Bismarck, on the otlif-r i ho Crown; Prince, and in front the Emperor William';1 This delusion is riot only puzzling at first' sight, ' but is ve>y ellVetivo for its colouring arid : fidelity of the likriu ss. , ; A dreadful accident Happened to a man named. ; William Eyers yesterday afternoon. Ho .was engaged in feeding a .rhaff- cuttirig . machine . on the farm of Ale Jollii. AIi'chell, at Joyces Creek, and liad a leal her glove lo protect his luft hand. The (ips of this wore caught by the cogs, and the band drawn in butwixt the rollers on to the loiivo3, cutting tho limb a-i it would eliaff up as Mr as tlio. elbow. Thp'iitjure'd ninii was brought w«»w .asvot'«l«< «« (V9 IIJ 111 1 Mitchell, where. tho' injured limb ivai ntteiided Jo by Drs Henderson arid Bai-r, and . at' ;ai liitehour last night Eyers was progressing favour-' !ab!y. _ At a incotiiig of tlio' Committee !of ' i lie New- stead Jockey Club, held (in Tuesday evening at the Railway Hotel, the sub-Connnittee brought lup their report, and it was decided lo fence off .thc'hill'froiii the ruimirig:p-ouiid, and' inako is. icharge for admission to the same of one shilling.. It was also determined to ftnee tlio straight .op posite the lawri: witli a picket fence. Whoii these improvements iire completed,, it .will much improve the : appciu-ahcci of this pretty ; little (course,- and be . tho nienns of. preventing ;acci- idents , from: peoplo , crowding or, croasingi ,tho: -course during, .tile; running, and will ,- pilevent lnri-Sds from bolting at -the coiners' arid- getting 'among the crowd., , The. Neivstead Brass. Band liAve been ohga»q(l.to' plfi - on . tile" 1 lawii 'ddting : tlie race-day. Tohilers will be cillled immedia- tely for thowpi-jc.,,),; ' - .,|j j Tho return crickot match between thoKynetdn 'C'.-ntral and Taripjajp Gluj>a; ( was played at Kyncton r-ii .Wednesday, and reaultod'i.ti-a:wiu fori - Taiadsle, : by .olcv.feii;;ruus. i- -Kynalonj 1st inuiilqs — !Av RolibiiVi.-riJ iiWcdRobbie,"' -17 Sponner, 0 ; Shullfy,' 8 KoVr)ri8 ; iLynolv, 3 :; Young, .not out, 21 : M'Adam. 0 j Cohen, 1 ; Belltfira, 0 ; -AI'DilnajlH; o.-'-ijniidrioa.'j. ' TAtal, ;Co. Taradnlo, 1st i n n i n gs.'-It/rro f t ; 1 - j'AI 1 0 i'a'c- ' ;kcn, 1 ; Jackson, 7 ; Jiid.vM'Ciackou, 8 ; Aim- (strong, () ; 'DbVntati,' '2 ' Boldiug, 10; Kowley. 14 ; Miles, 2; Martin, not out, 8';'H"Zldy, 1." Sundries, 7. , Total, 6-, -For Kyneton Spopner seefired 3 wickolis ' for'SO/ Robbie 3 iFur 31 and Young 3 wickets for ,4 runs ; for Tiiradali-,. Ttott 2''wickd(k-fo85, .AUCtaikdrl D'Wick'dts friV 20, ,-ajpd, Armsfrbng. .1:, fjrr '8 ,,'rujn. did ..Gio ; bowling.;, ; Refresliiycp fa 'yjiiiipv'y'the ! Kynotoh'Glub, Which wurol groa'tly njiprcciated by t h0j.vigitop.s5. Jl'hp , fp,lbiwjng.,;vyilAropri(|p):/ the South Castlemnine Club in theirlnatch with Uarcourt to-morrow on the Roeerve behind the jCewif- Hotel :— OampbSlI, JLeecli, (ilith/ Nor', .jiiSffiglSfi, Catripbdll, Em pay, AI'GtatlqAVedd "(2), George, and Burge. RASsrve — Campbell, Simps-n, and Kirknood. Play to start at -2.30.— Tho following will represent the Castle- maine CUib. against- the Kyuetpn op. tlie; Camp. RoserTd lil-'iriorrow; play to -conrinAcice not Inter tl.an 2 p.m. Players are requested to bo i ne I r !y a 1 1 0 in I a 1 lc o :— Costello, Doribviiri, Grose, Laver, Aluoti,- a AI ri'.'ierson, Al'Graih, Robb, Slattery, Taylor and Todd.— The following will reprerent the Newstead in their match against the Muckleford at Newslead to-morrow : Nomens, M'Nabb, Ramsay, Sinclair, Philpot, Kirk, Aberdeen, Rewel, Hicks, Jack, Langslow, and Cleaver. The Maldon Police Court was crowded yesterday by people eager to hear something sensational in connection with summonses for assault brought in turn by Mr Rowe and by Mr Hopkins, junr., against each other. The origin of the altercation arose out of the accounts that appeared in some papers about the imbecile Bidstrup, who had been designated a "white slave." After hearing the evidence of Mr Rowe as to him being assaulted, the Court adjourned for lunch, which operated, along with the advice of well meaning friends, of being mollifying, for before the Court re-opened the opponents had been reconciled, and consented to withdraw all the cases. This was disappointing to many of the attenders, who expected to hear someting spicy. A remarkable and serious coinc'dence occurred at Numurkah on Tuesday. Air John Campbell, who was in charge of .his fa' Iter's, tliiesliiug machine. . returned : home on that day andre- norlcil lhac.the plant had been totally destroyed by fire, together with two wheat -stacks, -at \Vaaia. Just as ho was relating tho circum stances attending the burning of the -machine, the slacks at tlie homestead wore discoVered'M be on fire, and before anything could be done to 6a ve the property two valuable wheat stacks were totally destroyed, tnakiug the loss sustained by ATr Campbell in one. day about Ii!),0p,-nohe of which was covered Fy insurance. . .. j " A story is current among the Chinese iii Bah larat East (says the '.Star-')' that when General YVong Yung Ho aud -Consul-General U Tsing wore 011 a visit to Government House, in Alch bourne, one of the scrvauts of the Celestial Com/ inissioners was detected in tlio act of stealingj a piece of silver plate. If seems that thero' is a law in China which, stipulates tliat any follower i f Confucius who should attempt to purloin pro. perty belonging to any royal or viee-regal per sonage must suffer ritnmcdiato torture, if,. not death, -and it is stated that : this 'penalty would have been put into 'execution -iii AIelbuurne by Gt'ticral YVong- Yung IIo's staff, assisted by their 'cousins," had it not been known- 'that the Y7icioiian Government would liave inlerfercl, and perliaps..li'avb ar tested tlio.' principal actors fdt-riiurder. . Tlio Jight flugo'red. AIotijl however, ipliiced-o)i; an outward .bound vessel and despatched lb Cliiria, where. oti arrival he was p'aiiiid 'on ' liis trial,' arid found: guilty, Ibfat senteucepvas .deferred, pending a: letter from Sir H. B.".Ltich; 111 reply to a«i official communica tion inquiring whether .His Excellency desired the prisoner dealt with acqordlng to Chinese law. It may also be said that the Governor of Vic toria will not, press for tlie punishment of th offending Chinese, and it is probable that Hy next inail he will ask that thoyiulprit bu set :at, liberty." ' ' --a"": The annual meeting of -Hie', Y7oluntcer. Fire Brigade was hold.in the rcbl-lio.use last night. Captain YV. R. YVillinnis presided, and Uiorewas a good .-itteiidaucb of liremcn. The report showed that the appliances were in good order,: and the Brigade had inade excellent progress dur ing the year. ! The balance-sheet showed the re-' ceipls to be L24I 8s, and the expenditure L229 10s, leaving a credit balance of Lil- 18s. - Two new members, Alessrs O. Shugg and J. George, were nominated, aiid Alessrs J: Ashley and A Diver were.appointed Auditors for the ensuing year. A discussion arose in "regard to the an nual Sports oil Easter Monday, and it was re solved that the officers of the Brigade comprise the Committee to arrange the programme and preliininariesrfor the Sports at- Easter. ; Several novel features will, bo- introduced) .and there is reason to believe that the Sports will-- bo: even- more successful than previously. The Com mittee will commence work at once in ' connec tion with the programme, Ac., to. be .submitted for competition'.: Captain ""Williams '/announced that tilt- election of office-bearors'for the ensuing twelve months would take place. 1 He haviim vacated the chair, Fireman Martin was elected Chairman. The elections resulted as follows Captain, )Y7. -R; YVilliams (unopposed). This was the third time that he liad been e'ected to tlic position, :and the firemen showed their apprecia-- tion for tlie able manner in which lie -had dis charged his ' duties by accorditig him hearty applause. Captain YVilliams replied) remark ing that he ivould continue to do his utmost: for tlie Brigade. : Fireman YVedd was appointed -1st Lieutenant, and Fireman M'Skanag 2nd -Lieri- ! tenant. Fireman B. Pegler was re-eleoted Engineer, and Firbrrinii; W. 'Wilson was again -chosen Secretary. Each acknowledged the .honour conferred upon 'tliem. ' The meriting (closed, .with a vote of thanks to the Chairmen, j At the invitation of the officers, '.the fireihan adjourned to Mr Dale's Council CI rib Hotel,' where tliey partook of a social glass aiid light re- frcshmcnts. Several, songs < were pleasantly .rendered, tho pianoforte accompaniments being (played by Fireman Al'Sliahag; . - . ' .. . . . . Our . Newstead correspohdent . writes On jYVednusday uvoiiing a- very .largo, conflagration was observed in: the direction of- Captain's Gully, (and it was found to beat tboifarmbf Mr George (Butler. 1 Tho w-ork: of :building five valuable bay stacks had been but recently crimplt ted. Mi- cutler was absent at tHe c'immeiicriiiient of the -fire, having proceeded, to Newstedd on business, 'and was only a ware of the fuct on being informed tl-iit 11 'fire was. discernible in. the dirdoti'Ui of ,his farm. He - with a number of the' town (residents made all possible haste to the scene, ,nuu >»uuu u, iiiuir nui ror 1 ne wnoio or ine nve stacks enveloped 'iii fluines. - A rush was made .td protect 1 lib barn iitid cliaff-cul tinL': inachiiiei' (which was situated but a very short distance 'from one ofi the. stacks where tha -fire first 'originated. The fluines spread with' alarriiihg .rapidity, and was g, atly strenglhened by a (strong soutiierly. «io,d that, wus, blowing at the litii'!- S-.'eihg tliut'any attempt to stive' the stack was hopeless 11 number of willing hands mounted jtlie ropf of the bam mid chaff cutting shed, and With bucko's of water ki-pt coifliriiially da'iiiping ,tho shingles to mvo iliqin frbiri. igniting. This iiv.-is 11 very trying tii-k (or the . iiieii, .aRii't; this time iiho llrii was raging, at.'its .wprst, pnd.tho aparks .and heaps of p-q t y bumt.liy :wcio iiying iii;,iijj: |diivctions, but tlioy fouglitiaiiiiiuat tho oxo-esrive jlielit with, untiring energy. The . wind novoy changed froin -its' riourso, anil fchiiB ilia whole of tltb out-buildings, inaluding d 1 elliii" houSb. Ac.; Iwire-ptbjrirved.: -Tli'e fri'irit pbrtloii of the yard jftihco wiH 'burnt to tho'ol-buikL'iilso ' thd sheep' paddock fence; SO,, bugs pf,, barley | hut' ii;dt-t) (stacked close -Li 'the' slritw stack werif ii'sii'rion- kuiiied ' in',tli'o:ifl:iinda. 't Mr Bullj-y cannot give- niiy cause 'as'.to the o'rigiipbt tiiejfire;' as wlieii iid 'le£t_.liorid jijl .appeared fcp, be safe, , and iti wn'g.iipt 'HlM.', I'qji'dard.lhe cry of fire ill. Ne.wstead that ;ho was acquaint-d of tlio fact, thoso who were. Ifirat on the: spotL-»trttb-;thei fire. Started in the stack, it ear. tho riiaff eut' ing shod, arid- t his ia veiy (piobable, .as the remaining stacks. werri in flumes- (ink' very few -seconds.. having caught from the ! flames of the first s'ack: Mr YV.S. M 'Alpine;" (agent for tho Nprivjqh Union l<'iro Insurance Co., 1 was 'present onjbbhtilf of the company in which alio buildings" were, iiiBurqd. ;Tbc. slacks wero (insured in'tiiH'R-iyal Gomj/finy at 80s per ton. itf, Bptlor had otily'u 'few days since insured with'tlio cMldbiairie. aeiit-, Mr TrovaBcua. ' It jis est i mated stecln, .'ntained 250 tons ' ' irreiit 'fcgMfln..i>uyy»h>(»wiedIin' Bath'- urst by a report that rabbits hare appeared in the diatriet, V iW oiib t- J tho past fortnight 3d tone ojin bxpdried/froin Cooktown. -<-? \y - v-' Vl. < Thu,-.Y|cli-eagang homestead, opposite Tin- taldr.h lTio property of Alessra A. P 0 toil and Sous, was loially-dbstioyed by tire oh- YY'edries- day nigliti The lire origiiiuicd, jn.io bedroom tllrliiigli .vchildldTOi>piitfa''lirihldU match. Tho damage is estimated at about L500, and the pro perty was uninsured. _ _ Tho progress report pf7 tho c 1 if 1 is ; . d c 1 0 1 of stock of New" Soutti. Wales furnishes a splendid example of tho resources of the colony under fiivoilable/cpiiditions; ' Tho liiunibbE of.stock in the'coioiiy o;i Jauuaty 1 was.as follows .-Uorses, 3SD,i4dj-' or aii iiicroasb of '27i4fe6 '. during the year' ; cattle; , l.ddllpr.d,; "or. an jperease . of (218.234 ; 'sheep," ( 46)687,859, or ,an« .ucreasa of 7,518,555., .1 Vs: >v ' A movement is on foot among, th'e-. hiading pastoralists of New Sbuth YY'ales.to kill cat'le at tho principal countty railway stations.nnd tohave the meat frozen and sent to market in a chilled sta.tq as required to, suppy- tho iimtkttj / .It ib ex pected that by this menns tho great expense now ineurrod.li.iitliri cfiiriagelof. stock by railway to the city markets will ho partly obviated. A very sudden death occurred 011-Wednesday attAIooriaiiibelj.'f jC'AlfBAAIors. -a 'wjll-kubwn rrsideritlof -Fdiir AliloKnsnwas tJfeRfcfeudaiit in a case of llie larceny of i LlO uote,J and Kt- tended Bt Qoui't .to appear ton, tlle;Ylia'i-ge. YVhilst onsultiuj£,wit;h lrr> 1 . solieitor; AtrW.j J- Albgg, kt the' Ciiinniercial/Hb! e!,-:shb 'd.ropijcd dead.'. An ' inquest was held later, in. the djij, when J lib jnedicd evidence showed' tiirit, , death wak caused by lieaft disease. .7, .' - I I Tlie Sydney Toh'ii Hail oil Aloriday niglil u as crowded, the occasion being; the . citizens' Cen tennial banquet. TUo Mayor presided, aiid a special feature was tho large liumhor of the old colonists who wero gathered together for the oc casion; Amongst the many present wns -' an old gentleman, Air YV. AI. Small, '92 years jjf ago, the oldest colonist alive; Some two .yeurs'kgo his siiter,' Mrs Oaks, Was acciderifally kiljqil, ( at the age of 93. She Yves thVfitsl .whitoilWBffian fcvrirborri liii Australian soil. ' J , ' 1 A telegram from Broken Hill.( reports, — Alessrs Lans'ell arid Paul," of Sandhurst, are visiting ihe -mines,- -aud have -largely.; invested. They are surprised atqtha richness and. prospocts of some .of the mints. Air Orr, a sharebroker, invited tlie party to meet luiu at tlie Centrals, and their healtlr was' proposed iii champagne,- Air Orr stating that ho was glad to see the most successful ininere 'of Victoria— men noted for deep sinking— visiting Broken Hill'. lib 'Hoped more Victtiriaus would follow their example," ..Tlio Customs returns for . thc .moiith;onding January Sl.show a considerable, increaso , in: the revenuo of tlie department, .as compared, with the amount collected during the' corresponding period of 1887. .'The past month's receipts reached the sum of -L227,752,!-from which lias to bo deducted drawback payments amounting, to LlO, 855, ; tho"'ilet'-',!reobiptsi tberbfo're' boiug L2I6,897. Tho Treasurer's estimate of the month's ' earnings 'Was- L197,812j > 'iiiid'.-!(idii' sequcutly that amount has been exceeded by LlO, 085. . Tho increase over the receipts for January,. 1887.. was.LIO, 748. MfEjlSHeriris,, J.P., grazier,, , of-, AI spimaid 's TrackandEast. Pbuw-png,, expired -at 'his,:'reiii- dence 'on -YVednesday evening. . About- a fort- ,niht agb7the uuf6rtfiriato"gbiitlemau ,wos bitten i byjiihakVori thb'fiip'df the fofeUnger, aiid thkt | tifter icceiving the bite -he failed to apply a liga- ! tiipt! to preventfttip jroisqn" qi£cuhi(iri| ((fhrou the ( system, (althigE- (lib (wouiid wasosoariiiild slid: sucked on stnat '.occasion.- .'He recoived inedical trektnieifiE-in'iYVarragulfiiiid 'f'etuItiOillio Ilia; lionie" apparently cured. -The' daji "following liisletuin hoiue,; hop-over, unfavourable syirijj- toink'set in, aiKL.ho-kaa ..been, undci-o- inedicnl JtreatmqntteVer'-trihce; andt-lasf /averike. liekrik8 seized witli tetanus, and, has ,eyer slnoe;.b04n untler -the ca?e ?oDDr Cutts, - of Mblbourrie, but , h a 8 - never7 ral I ie3 r — — - ' The 'YVellington Press 'of the 21st January has. the following: — "There has lately been sonio discussion concerning the violence of the wind in different paits of New Zealand, and a YVellington resident related, as a pr--of of the superiority of, tlib'.city's iidr':wester"s) tho circurn stance that, some years ago, a flat- bottomed boat lying on.the beach tliere was raised bodilyiin the air by-the wind, - carried sbme- distance arid fell oh a lady- passing by arid killed her. -The accuracy of this- statement was -questioned, and we wore appealed to decide the' point. ' The-oc-" currence 'did actually .'take" place about;' the' middle of the' year 1843. The boat was 'lyiiig bottom upwards at TeArd, undergoing, the pro'--' igrVas.' of painting wlien a, gust of..wiiid'a'\veepiii(g( up 'tlio bay got .u'lVdor'if, took it .'up like a bulloop,; carried "it some distancej finally dropping i-, . with tho fatal result mentioned, exactly opposite the Ship Hotel, which was on tlie site now occu pied by Mr -MfDonald's baker's shop in Manners- street. There iir'e" 'iriauy'bld settlers still in Wellington who ; remember the, occurrence per fectly well. '"The lady wh 6' was" 'killed was the .mother of our esteemed fellovv-oitizeti-Mr James Cattcll. The , boat, or ratlierv purif,vita8:T2 feet long, arid xviclo iif proporiiohj'aiid was o.qfjied by i Messrs Houghton and Powrill. " | At the Melbourne Ge'noriil , Sessions, on YVed- ines(lay, a nian named John Jcriies iv'ss iharjjfed (with having stolen a watch from Mj-fG. S>eiul- maii, Uoteliceepei. Tlie prisouer .bad. been seen i with. Atr': Stead man on the. night when heHoat (the watch. YVIien arrestedj he said that. lie'had 'bought the wateh from a friend fob- lOs. 'ainl that this, friend had left Alelbourne.-i .i.The"prisoner was, found guilty, and was sentenced to six :moiitlis' Hard labour. A young" mau named Edward Smith was charged with having robbed one Archibald Htniter, a sailor.' Oil the 19'th December, last,, nt about 12 .o'clock, at, .night. Hunter tias' walking nloiig Fliiid'ers-BtVoet, near Markot-Btroet.when he mot the prisoner and iive or six.other men. ' These mehassaultodHunter, und'knocked him down. Hunter) however, got up igairiand itruck the prisoner and seine of his companions) who than rah away. Hunter fol lowed tlio ' prisoner, wlio 'was stopped at 'the Falls-bndge by .a cabman named John Fahey. The prisoner ha'cl'twri hatt in his hand, and aftor he tVas.'btfipp/d he gave up one of them, which beloiiged to Huutor. Prisoner was found guilty. Ho .wds sentenced to two years' hard labour, the last,.', week ;.-iii. every third momh, and the last1 fortnight tinder the sentence; to .be iifsolitary conl'irieioeiit. .'(Patrick Riley and J antes Slattery wero found gtailty of stenling money from a min i-ain(;d_ iMandpville, a labourer, residing at Bread mc-ad'oivk/'- RileyV ' who had been three times jirevloilsly convicted, was sentonced to three y vats'. liiird labour, tho last week in every tliii-d iiioiith) and the last fortnight under the seh- teude,to,bd in solitary confinement. Ghltteiy-was qenfene'ed. to two years' hard labour, tlie last fvoek-Hh every third month, arid the last fori- iiigltt' uiiilrir tho seii.tqrice, to be iii' srilitxify chii- linemeiit. -. r i At" serious revolverruceidout li.qjppned at iim Rising Sun Hotel) Mrircliisoil, on YVo(lnonl(|y rifternqon. All- aud ; Airs Burniiy, who wore managing tlie bote1, liad attended the "Eehufci Aesjzqi, rind llhd loft Iris son Williaih.itged 17, in chargo of the place. The lad liad been pt-actissug with a revolver in tho early part of I lib wrelq nnd procoi-dt d to clean it in the afternoon, (not knowing that mie of tho chambers wore loa/ioil. A littlo girl nahied 'Lucy Love, who was on (a visit, was- stnndilig opposite tho sido counter while Burncy was engaged in this operation, when the revolver went oft', the ball lodging in her -.loft -'cheek 'just below the eye. Burney im mediately picked the child up) 'hailed 11 tasting vehicle, and had her brought to Currie's Commer cial 'Hotel, where she was seen by Doctors AI'Millau and Meyern, both of whom 'considered' her case serious, nnd Kdtised her removal to the Mooropna Hospital. \- Brisbane, YVediiesday. — Th.e. North Pbcenjx Company, Gympie, has crushed 1800 tens for '1302 dZ 'uf gold; and doclat-M:l ill diVJilotld ri£ 2s per share. The Gympiu Great Easioin Company has crushed 850 tons for 2005 oz of gold. 