FIRESIDE TALKS ON GHOSTS AND GHOSTESSES. BY ONE WHO HAS NEVER SEEN THESE CUIUUiUN OF IMAGINATION. II. Thf, noxt oxpovionce came from an indivifinal who, like myself, hnd a ropntution f«r dealing in those .so-called ghost talus, rtncl who. used lo deal out horrors by tho .yard. 1 wilt not vouch for its truth. It ran as follows ; •• I was riding along the road which connects Borrima with Mittagong ; it was pretty Into and rather dark, for the gatheriug clouds that betokened a storm shut out every ray of moonlight. At that tinio I was entirely ignorant of tlio whereabouts of Borrima, and in view of the approaching storm determined to seek the first shelter I could get. It presented itself in the shape of a half-ruined hut, which rose doubly dark and grim-looking on the side of the road.. Having dismounted and quartered my horse in a tumble-down shed at the side, I struck i a match and proceeded to, cxamino the interior of my new quarters. In view of my lonely jaunt and ignorance of" the road, I was woll provided" with camping paraphernalia, so was not entirely dependent on t.ho fitful match light. Tlio hut was typical of the early days, and must havo- been pretty old; for the slabs, rotting and worm-oaten, had tumblod away from their base in some parts, and were slanting threateningly in others ; the r:ifters, discoloured with snmke and a<vo, looked kind of uncanny with thoir wicked-looking stains and crazy ribbons of hnuging bark; through the apertures^ designed for windows, 'out of course destitute ofglass, rustled and swung limbs of briar rose; in tho fireplaco burnt out cindors and piles of dry firing betokened that someone else besido myself had made this a stopping place. Tho adjoining room was in t he same state of decay, weather-worn,, weather-, stained, and croaking ominously in tho gathering storm. Despite their comfortless appearance and the reputation which such places lmve on the pore of cleanliness. I quickly kindled a fire, spread out my blankets, and prepared for sleep. I could not have slept long when I was awakened by that undefined fooling of uneasiness which tho presence of a third and unknown parly often kindles in sensitive niiturr-s. The storm was raging outside, and tho .wind and rain rushed howling and heating through the chinks, cracks, and g iping holes of my shelter. All this I took in at onco, but only half conscious, as ii woro. I tried to por'sitade myself that the crouching, dripping figure faintly seen in the fitful twilight was but a creature of my dreams. For a few minutes I.watched it, half fascina'ed as it rocked with bowed head and clasped haniU before tho lire, but mw thoroughly awako I saw that it was a' living man—a living man but dishevelled, wild, ragged, Imutod, and mis- Tiilile looking, that no sense of fe-ir. tiiigsd 'tho.pity that leapt into my heart as I looked; PresonUy he raise 1 his bond. Merciful.Heaven's ! What a face, gaunt and lia^'od, but wit.i that blank lo >k n.ion it which tells tlio light of reason ha) flown. Here was a pro I c unoi.t. Shutjip in a lonely but on'a wild t:g >t With a ui -.dtnun I I inwardly cursed my 1'ite which had led mo into tho plight, a id my pi y underwent a snddon que idling. Pro •mitly the nun rose (how eagerly I w itched him between my half cl se t tuls) mid coming over I, i where' 1 luy, shook me violently. It is hoed loss' to add 1 jumped np will wonderful agility. ;' , ' " Look hero, young man," said lie, 1 have followed you about ever since I hoard you were telling them tales about spirits and such lilco. I hcerd as how you knew hew to lay ghosts, and I want you to lay. a couple on 'em for me, that havo been driving me pretty near wild for the last twenty year." All this time ho was holding me hard by tho shoulder, and peering-furtively at my face. . . - . " It is nigh twenty year ago since me aucl my old woman came out to these parts. We took a pub t'other side of Bavgo, and commence I to make money. One night it was wet and windy, summat like this, when a young man come to the place for shelter; he was a nice-spoken young fellow with yellow hair, and says lie to us after having a bit of sup, ' I have well nigh, twenty pounds in me packets, so for fear o1 getting lifted I would like a shake down away from the others.' Twenty pounds! twenty pounds! I couldn't get it out o me head ; it dangled afore my oyes ; when I lifted up me pewter to driuk, there were the cius at the bottom, on my plate, shining from all the shells, and when I wont into the darkness there warnt any, it was all gold light. Give him a room to-himself, I should think bo ; and all at once a thought came-into me mind, if he lias a room by himself who'll ever know whether he was ever there at all. He went to bed about twelve. For two hours the devil kept tempting with those guineas, and at last I couldn't stand it no longer, I went out to tho 'cap ; the axe was there dripping wet in the rain. I took it in and dried it, and all the time I was shaking with fear, for I'd never done no barm to speak of before, and now I was going to murder." The man's voice fell to an awful whisper here, and clenched so tightly that I fully expected his nails to have a meeting underneath my clothes and flesh. " I done it," he continued, "about three o'clock, and then I took tho body warm and dripping down to a hole in the middle o Bome scrub at the back of tho ^ house ; lie wasn't quite dead when I let him fall in, for he groaned awful, and tried to save bisself by catching hold to a, log that was sticking over the mouth of the hole; but it wasn't any use. Down he went, and I thought I had seen the last of him." The next day the wife was awful anxious to know what had become of the young man, aud I said, " he must have took him-, self off'before we got up so as to save paying the score." Some days went by, I kind o' got over the fejir o' seeing his ghost as I had heerd tell on, aud got so bold as t'i evm go in the room and puss by the welt. One night I had been hunting for horses, and was coming through the scrub, when who 'should I see sitting on the top of the pit but the youug mau. He wasn't a day older-looking, but liis fa«o had a K-iulou look that was nnconunon jOuistly, wliilo iliot-o \va3 a bloody g.ish on his f irultrad. I gavo an awful tii'.ro.'iin iin.l tri<;d lo run, but 1 could not pass I lie pit, for rising out of it was a thing black as midnight, wit-li "luring oyos and fleshlosa huinls Unit clutched at mo, wliilo rouud his nock tlioro hung twenty pounds. Nearer and 110.1 rot' ho wvino to mo shoutinq 'twenty p.umds thi! piico of a soul,' and all tho wliilo the palo y<uin;{ nnin sat looking at mo with tho gbizod and awful stnvo that only Mm do;ul lutvo. I shrieked awful aud feil down just as if I was dead. Next morniug fullcs thought, I'd took a fit; but it was a queer lit. Look how,, young man, from that day lo this, tho miunto if, go is dark, out comos thorn two dovils, Ihoy aro always tho samo—tho black jibing and jibbering,, the white onn silont and still, can't you tell mo what to do to «ot rid of them ? Look horo ! I daren't kill myself courso I know tho black un 'ud liavo me all to hissolf, else I'd put, a slop to it by drawing, this across my gullet." As he spoke lie drew a rusty sliealh knife from his belt and g.issed at it with a dreadful longing. At that minute a frightful crash of thunder soomod to burst the heavens. I turned to see how my uncanny companion had stood it, and saw a sight, that t'rozo the blood in my voias, for tho fire having c.in^hl a fresh log buruod up brightly. Tho man was standing perfectly still with a froieu look of horroi'jon his face, so. ghastly, so horriblo, that I hardly dared look. Ho was watching tho movements of something in tho corner, a something born of his hellish actions, for naujlit I could see. Prosontly he bogan to. retreat, almost imperceptibly, though, and all tho time, with an expression of' intouso ngony. As the wall stopped lii3 furthor progress lie. gave an awful shriek, and yollnd out "lie's caught mo," and foil to tho grouud a c. rpse. (TO 1113 CONTINUED.) 