Scientific and Literary. SALT LAKE AND THE MORMONS. BEV. E. S, STUBBS. The Mormons were happy in their selection of a home, I They have chosen Some of the most beautiful and fertile of all the valleys on the continent, The one containing Salt Lake City is skirted by ranges of sombre mountains, which seem to watch in solemn grandeur. It is under high cultivation. The mountains are the help from which their strength cometh. What had else been I a Waste waste J19 is uvw now EiCttWJ greatly ALVU rich £U in fruits and cereals, made irrigating streams brought from the moun- 6 6 ^ ^ Se^mingly there ^ nothing in the way of fruits which not here abound, and the quality is luscious. Peach pears pi um8) apples, apricots, grapes here find Fields of oats and wheat wave in the breeze h ftnd m iQ ^ S(m< The aI£al£afa, which & dark * and resemblea our clover> and 8eems to « ^ sam' e brightens the landscape. As you ride for Wo hundred miles through such a country, ^ g&y; . „ If ^ ^ & 8SUnple 0£ Utah, what a mighty \- pula ' tioQ it must some d * sabsi8t j» Approaching thp the p{tv city, the J p (aifej lake, twenty miles away PF like a ribbon o£ light. Along the shore, like ^especks, are piles of salt awaiting transportation f various purposes. The mountains seems to surround f he £ do not tower into lofty peaks, but an a * here 0 / deep so i e mmty forever enshrouds them, ^ ominous. ^Something tragic or glorious, will Bphi«-Iibf the mountains are £ £ But « great" is written on mouns " " wdl-nigh hidden among trees of all kinds gc^red i a profusion throughout the place. ThestreetS are a hundred and twenty feet wide, and the soil is of ^ make. jf hat are sure of a solid ^u p ^ will bot trouble them for ^eP 8idev rolk8 are loose gravel, and dis- ' A walk thr0 h thecity, which is pt rfe c?s q uares, you a?e remind^ of an old Scriptural expression: " There is a river the streams 3 e of makrelad the citv of God." Through all these ^ ylvis and gard^ are these streams, rivers of Ufe indexed. By systems of t e t c| the city receives the benefit for a time, then another. The same system is in operation ^ to haye new mean. ing, for surely there would be no life but for these 1 fVtn mAIMli'Oinc waters from the mountains. The mass of the dwellings are a storey or a storeyand-a-half, dressed in suits of gray. There are very few which could be called elegant or splendid. Brigham Young's Beehive more resembled overgrown houses or barns, and his poor wives would have little reason to be proud of their mansion, or envious because one fl nouse house was better man than anotner. another. The xue uusiucea business utuu part & a^. S L ' m e ^ v e ^ SaltLakeis no exception. There' is an air as though a blight had L ettl £ d upon the place . It belongs to a past age, and isatranselv out of nlace in this century. It is like ^omePo°mpeii unearthed; and smacks of three or four £ » progress : never will P Gf a ' tile8 awa k e it< L f ft to themselves, L ^ ^ s l umber with the much-wived patriarchs'. I ^ progress, are painfully wanting. The marks of spirit you do discover are to be credited to Gentile influence. I , . "T. 8 In Salt . V. _-" A .• n liake thi schoolhonse is cbnspicaous for ite absence, »is noteworthy that nearly all ^t is no^ done in the I pasrtolhrterritoryT^is'stiil more pitiable. Such a | Sy 8t emcannot retee upanintelligentpeople. To visit the tabernacle is to fiid proof convincing. aemblesa higemud-turUe. Thewalls are not exactly a . « « to are the the by Mormons from native woods, is one of i the largest and sweetest-toned in America.; It has 2,800 pipes. It is the noblest piece of work in the city. When we saw five or six reporters busy we were a little excited to know what it meant, and were constrained to say: Even Mormondom moves, Judge of our chagrin when we learned that these were all Mormons. No Gentile press is tolerated. These reporters Patch up or modify the remarks or speeches so that any wildness or flings at the government or Gentiles are not permitted to appear in print. After hearing the talk yon wonder what there is to report, anyway. The Mormons hold one service on the Sabbath, from 2 to 4. The services are presided over by a president «r dictator. They open with a voluntary on the organ, followed by a hymn by the choir. A prayer was theu offered, when the whole andience was invited to sing. Then a number of persons passed through the assembly with bread and water, as in a Methodist .lovefeast. This was done while the other services were in progress and consumed as much time as the speaking ; but was done so quietly that it did not interfere. There were three persons who made remarks. The first was a son of President Taylor, who had died some two weeks before while hiding from the hands of justice. In the eyes of the Mormons he died an exile and martyr. Taylor was followed by a Dr. Young. The Mormons are not agreed as to whether he was a son of firigham, some affirming, some denying. This is evidently the land where it's a wise father who knows his own son. Part of the stress of the speaking was in insisting on helping one another. This, being interpreted, means to freeze out the Gentiles. While there was nothing specially objectionable in what was said—in fact it was praiseworthy—yet it was a kind of cheap talk, and the ordinary minister of the east who displayed no more thought in his preparation would speedily find himself without any hearers, if not without pulpit. Bight here is where they make their boast, and resemble a well nigh extinct class who used to be a pest in the Christian church. They claim that their ministers need no instruction. The Holy Ghost speaks through them. It was a Borry comment on the Holy Ghost. The old janitor who was showing us the buildings next morning, with a good deal of pride claimed their speakers to be under spiritual influence. Now, I had noticed that no one spoke unless he was first prompted by the president. So I said: "Suppose some apostle should be moved by the Holy Ghost, and the president did not invite him to speak. What would he do?" "He would have to bust," said the janitor. It is evident from the tone of the speakers that while they put on the face of courage, they are yet greatly alarmed at the ? ? strong hand which is throttling them.—Pittsburgh Christian Advocate. 