CHAPTER XIX. My commanding officer and colleague was Mr. Alexander Macllray. Oar office ?was up four pairs of Btaira in the Rue ae la Pais. It has very pronouncedly blossomed out since then, and nowadays: its; gilded signboard is visible from half-way down the Boulevard des Capucines j bub at that time -we were humble, and even a little Bohemian in our ways and aspect. Journalism has grown of late years into a recognised profession. One feels, in setting that statement upon paper, guilty of an actual banality ; and yet, as I re member the business a quarterof a century bait, it was very little of a recognised profusion at all, and a vast number of its followers were harum-scarum, clever, sociable, lovable, and good-for-nothing people, who dressed as it) pleased them, drank habitually more than was good for them, kept the inaanest hours, and gmerblly conducted themselves as though they knew they were outside the claims and privileges of ordinary society. I am of a staid and sober turn of mind, and never cared greatly for the wilder sort of revelry ; but I look back with an affec tionate regret to some of the old times and scents, and many of the lost faces. I dare say I am getting to be an old fogey ; but I look round in vain amongst the be gloved, tall-hatted, frock-coated contin gent, of to-day for the merriment, the jollity, the good-fellowship, the opeii handedness, which went along with the ramshackle life, the billycock hat, and the emoke-scented jacket. There was never a personage in this world lees Bohemian than Mr. Alexander Macllray, He was a particularly re spectable Scot, who dressed uniformly in black and whose gloves and linen were always perfectly clean and orderly. He seemed never to go anywhere unless called thither by affairs, and he lived without friends or acquaintances outside his business. He was by no means an ungemal little man, but he was always occupied, out of the hours of actual work, in "getting his tools together," as he ph rafe d it. " The besiness of a journalist, Mr. Denbam, is to know everything that is to be known. Univairsal knowledge is per haps empossible-is, in fact, empossible fortheendividual-butthe mere truth that a tbeng is empossible has no right to de bar a man from attempting it. Get your tools in order, Mr. Denliam. Know every thing that ye can lay your mental hand upon." Be broke out on mewith thia before I had known him for a week, and repeated it con stantly with unction, and sometimes with a startling air of originality, as if the thought had jufet occurredto him and he was in haste to express it before it vanished. He had an cdd way of expressing sympathy and a sense of companionship. Sometimes when we had been sitting silent for an hourormore, each er gaged in his own task, he would push his wok aside, and gazing at me in a friendly fashion through his gold-rimmed glasses, would smooth his red hair with both hands and say "Ay, ay, Mr. Denham. Ay, ay, lad. Ay, ay!" in a tone of cheerful certainty and conviction. Then he would turn to a gain at his task of getting his tools together. I suppose he got too many tool3 together, M.ci rotil.ed bis mental workshop that he t ad no room to move about in it, He Mu mK did next to nothing with the paiapbtiriialia he c> llected. He used to r< niir.d me sometimes of some imaginable frantically-generous ironmonger, who kept h pu riijuoua fctock of every sort of imple II ei t l<;t ev*:ry trade beneath the skies, hnew the practical handling of no one of r'j. in, and gave away his stock all day horg the passers-by, I got to have a superstitious belief in Mr. Macllray'a otrr.i?f ieree. He was a walking cyclo p:eria. I bepuzzled myself with pro blems for his puzzlement, and never caught him. People who have not met ihis B(-rt of man hardly know how to believe in h'.m, One would have thought that nothing less than a l;te*ime would have served a man to learn Paris, for instance, as Macllray knew it. '. When 1 first came to this cetty I med op my wind that it was my duty to know it. iSo 1 just, set myself down in the meddle «>f it: si d obsairved. Then, sir, in a while 1 to radiate. Now, aj a matter of fart *i:oi esperrience, it's not that easy to iati as ye might fancy, Ye want a 1'cr-f cf preliminary knowledge. I'm i bev king that if a man began hia denner ?with hiB cheeBe, and worked back hi3 way to the soup, he'd find hia digestive organs getting out of order in a whilie. There's a way of absorbing a cetty or a subject, j just as there's a way of absorbing your j denner, and ef you take the wrong ye're like to find yourself bothered by a speretual endigestion." In spite of this admirable exordium I found when I came to try him that he hud , formulated no scheme at all for the absorp- j tion of subje ct: or city. He used to stand in that overcrowded warehouse of hi3 and survey his touls with a constant satisfac tion, and used to lay down philosophical theories beyond counting for the increase of his armoury ,* and at first I used to j wait for the announcement of some great I tatk, some- Herculean feat of letters or ot learning, to which he had set himself single-handed. The revelation never ; came. j He was a siimple-minded little man, in j spite of all his learning, and he had a boyish enthusiasm of admiration for faculties which lay outside his own range. He could flow out, measureless, upon paf.er, net in a stream which went any where, but in a sort of bog of mingled thought and fact over which no man c<_>uld travel diyshod. But to get the gist of a thing inside the journalistic nutshe'-l was altogether impossible for him, and since 1 was not long in perceiving the necessity of the trick, and speedily acquired the knack itself., he used to admire me in a way so candid and open that 1 biushe'l before him. "Ay, lad!" he would say, 'lye have but to get your tools together, and ye'll make a workman." Then he would go to his own labors, or dive into the packed intricacies of his inward storehouse, and would emerge an hour later with a cheer ful " Ay ay, Mr. Denham ! £y, ay, lad! Ay, ay !'' as if I had said something to elicit his most cordial sympathies. He worked up four pairs of stairs in the Rue de ^la Pais, and he lived up six pairs of stairs in an eminently respectable boarding-house in the Boulevard fiausa mann. As I got to be more and more intimate with him he took very kindly to me, but it was a week or two after the reception of Clara's letter that I paid my first vitit to his quarters. I had begau to think that we should never come to an end of the stairs when he paused upon the sixth landing and threw open the door which led to a tolerably spacious and very orderly apartment. His bed was snugly tucked away in one corner and surrounded by a screen, and. a great bookcase tilled the opposite wall from floor to ceiling. Ihere was not one volume of mere enter tainment on its shelves, but there were grammars and dictionaries, atlases and gazetteers, dictionaries of biographies and dates, hugebonnd folios of the Entr'acte, cobw ebbed all over with shorthand criticisms of performances, volumes of histoiy by the hundred, works on chemistiy, metallurgy, conchology, and on the lower shelves a battalion of ency clopaedias. "Bere are the tools for a journalist, Mr. Denham," he said, with a subdued pride, as he saw me examining his books. *. Get the contents of those pages well into your mind, and there is no depart ment of human eftort into the conaedera tion whereof ye will not be prepared io enter." I suggested that the tools were there, and that it might suffice to take them down as they were wanted, but this seemed positively to shock Macllray. "Fenni, lad!" he exclaimed warmly. u There's nothing that a man can call his own in this wide warld but that which is packed away in the head and the soul of him. Carry your weapons about with ye, and then no man can catch y'unarmed at any moment." I persisted in thinking that if a man v, ould carry about with him arms enough for fifty people he might find himself em barrassed in a chance conflict which came suddenly upon him, but if my theories had been very kohinoors of practice it was too late to present them to Macllray. I liked the simple-hearted, prim- spoken little bookworm very warmly, and he returned my liking. So we got on ad mirably together, and not unfrequently I spent my evenings in his room. He gave me to understand, in a very friendly way, thpt I was to regard my first introduction there as a standing invitation. "The place, Buch as it is, Mr. Denham, is open to ye. Within it's compass I can say for it that ye'll find no more useful mass o' knowledge than ye see collected here. Ef ever ye're passing this way with an hour to spare and ye want to re fresh yonr mind ye'll just walk upstairs aa ef the place belonged to ye, whether I'm en or out. I'll give word to the concierge below stairs to that effect." I accepted his cordial invitation, and in a little while the house on the Boulevard Hanssmann knew me almost as well a3 if I were an inmate. The day before which I was forbidden by maternal authority to visit Clara came slowly nearer and more near. The nearer it grew the more the hours lagged to my impatient fancy, but at last I stood within four-and-twenty hours of starting. I had secured a two days' holiday, and in the afternoon-T remember that it was a Saturday, and a day of exceptional slack ness-I visited Mr. Macllray to talk over with him one or two matters which would have to be attended to in my absence for which no definite arrangements had been made. We talked things over, and then fell into some friendly discussion, so that I lingered for an hour or two. We were stiil in the full flush and glory of the summer, but the staircases of the house were dark In places, where the illumination which struck through certain gloomy little skylights and portholes conld not reach. I was half way down when I heard the 3ilken rustle of a dress below me, and made myself smali to let the wearer pass. She was in shadow, and a narrow Btream of light, with the motes dancing thickly in it, played across ths dimness and half obliterated all objects which lay beyond it. I stood in a corner and waited for a second or two whilst the wearer of the silken dress oh rr.c at a very leisurely pace step by step along the staira until all on a sudden, with such a shock as seemed to stop my heart, I Baw the face of that dead wife of Pola'3 spring Into the radiance shot across the staircase by the sinking Bun. The proud, hard, disdainful eyea blinked in the sudden light, and the woman, seeing an inBtant later that some one stood by to make rcom for her, gave me a scornful, undis cerning glance from head to foot and went slowly by. If I had not been supported by the ' wall I should have fallen in the horror of my amazement. I heard the silken rustle and the deliberate footstep pace the cor ridor above, and I heard the click of the handle of a door, and then the door itself slammed noisily. I do not know how, by any art of words, to convey to the under standing of another the sensations which assailed me. I think that amongst the chief of them was a swift and terrible cer tainty that nothing in the world wa8 real, and that I was somehow suck in the middle of an eternal emptiness of space. When the first shock was over I found that I was shaking from head .to foot, and that my face and hands were moist. My head was whir lip g so that the stairs were a kind of terror to me. I climbed to the landing and stood there awhile, striving to collect myself, and then, rather by instinct, as I thought afterwards, than because of any definite purpose in my mind, I went back to Macllray's room. The sound of my own knuckles aa I tapped at the door and the brusque imperative ness of MB "Entrez" in reply did something to dissipate the still lingering sense of the general unreality of things. Macllray told me afterwards that he had never in his life Been a face on which tho expression of pure horror was fixed so vividly. I can well believe that, in the memory of the reflection of my own ex pression which I saw in his. He darted at me and threw one arm about mo. " For all Bakes, man," he demanded, " what's the matter ? Where is it ? Ara jouhurt?" He moved me to a chair, and kneeling down beside me passed his hands over me from head to foot with a rapid skilful feeling touch, like that of a practised sur gfon. Then rising and keeping a back yard glarce upon me he went swiftly to a cupboard, and producing from it a bottle of cognac poured out a wineglas3 ful, arid returning held it to my lip3. I dr&nk; it eagerly, and the spirit burned like lire and feet me coughing. It steadied my nerves, however, and aet my heart at work again with a more healthful action, " Den ham, my lad," sail Macilray, standing over me wineglass in hand, '"ye look as je'd seen a ghost." "1 have," 1 answered. He stared at me in pure amazement. v'i'm a "believer in many things," he responded, "but I'm no believer in ghos's, until I can trap one for my3elf, and submit him to a chemical analysis. Just think it out, lad. What is it that s scared ye ?" I made a great effort arid succeeded in pulling myself together. "I saw," I answered, "a minute ago, on the stairs side, a woman over whose grave 1 stood more than three mouths back. I had the certitieate of that woman s death in my hands. I sa^v the tombstone erected on her grave. _ 1 my- i atlf gave the necessary orders for it, and j saw them carried out." i "You're talking naturally 6ncugh," said Macilray, looking at me with a shrewd enquiry, "Are ye sure there's nothh-e ?" He tapped his forehead, "Eh f "If," I answered, "I am not mad, or if-said I know better-L have not been the * iciim of some wild hallucination, I have seen that woman. If she ia an in mate of this house you cannor, fail to have noticed her." "Tell me what she's like,"he said. "Dark," I answered, "with level black eyebrows and full red lip3. Site has a swarthy pallor, and she looks at you at you as if she would kill you if she h-.id the power It's a haunting face. No man who has seer, it once and taken note of it could forset it. A cruel, proud, re vengeful, self-disdainful face." "Ay, man," he said, nodding at me. "There's such a woman in the house Madame Darnal she calls herself. She a uncommonly lively in the temper for a woman that's been dead and buried." J "Madame Damai?" 1 answered con- ' fusedly. " Dots she speak French ?" j " Spesk French?" repeated Macilray. i " Id'S likely she would. She's a French woman bom and bred. li s her ^native | ?arguage. I suspect, my lad, you're jnst j beui hit by some extraordinary likeness. 1 confess," he went on, as if he wished to soothe me, "that I would not have thought that there had been two faces like that in the world. I thank my stars at least that I never saw another like it." " These ate no two faces," I answered obstinately ; "that woman is alive." "Ay, ay," cried Macilray, half pst tislily, "that woman is alive. Bat the dead cne isn't. I don't like these uncanny fancies, and I'll juat tell ye what we'll do, lad. It's denner time in half an hour." A bell clanged loudly through the house at this moment. " There's the warning for it. Ye'll calm your nerves, and come down with me to denner. It happens, to my oft disturbance, that I sit opposite the lady. Ye'll have a chance for a good look at her, and ye'll sleep none the worse ftr beifcg sure that you've been mistaken. I am half ashamed to say it; but 1 i shrank from this ordeal with an actual j terror. I fought it down, however, and resolved that i wouid go through with it. Macilray fell into a reverie from which he awoke with his accustomed sonorous watchword of sympathy and approval. "Ay, ay, Denham ! Ay, ay, lad !" when the second bell rang. " Ye're all right now, lad ? Ye're not going to make an exhibition of yourself?" ; he asked me as we went down stairs j together. I answered that he might rely ? upon me, and we entered the dining- j room, Macilray, with a flourish of police- j nessj introduced me to the lady of the j house. "M. Denham, mon coliegue, qui j sera un de ces jours un homme remar qliable." This gave me something of a | start, but I suspected Macilray a moment | later of a friendly intention to turn me j from the contemplation of the one idea : which filled my mind. He chattered ; with more than common fluency to the landlady, and dragged me neck and heel3 j into the conversation. I We were amongst the first arrivals at J table. By-and-by others came in, to the , number of twenty, and we all sat down, j The space opposite Macilray was vacant, 1 and remained vacant until the fi3h was served. Then the woman whom I had seen upon the stair* came in and took her seat there. I experienced no new shock, bat , lier face held me with an urgent fascina- j tion, and I was compelled again and again, i in spite of myself, to peruse every feature of her face, even when I had arrived at a fixed and rooted certainty. She spoke once or twice in the voice that 1 remembered, but with an accent so finished and natural that it would have been impossible to any one to whom the language had not been customary from infancy? Sometimes the intentness of my regard drew herB upon me, but she never gave me cnce the faintest sign of recogni tion. The cruel, self-despising, all-despis ing eyes looked straight into mine, and were withdrawn with all their old in different hauteur. Certain aa 1 was of her identity, the perfect indifference of Ler manner shook me once or twice, a,nd even when it made its weakest impression tjpon me served to sustain the tumult of my mind. The dinner might have lasted a year rather than an hour ; but at length it was over. The ladies' rose and moved away. The men settled down about the windows and lit their cigarettes. Macilray and I were left alone, and he drew me by a gesture to ths f«r end of the room. Standing there and looking upwards at a print, with his head critically on one side, as if he wer9 examining it, he let fall a single word of question- > " Well ?" 1 " That is the woman," I responded, " Did she ever know yon," Macilray at ked, " in the days before she died and got buried ?" "She knew me,:' I answered, "and had reason to remember me." "She's a very pretty actress In that case," ho said. I had had lime to think this extraordi nary matter cvtr, and 1 had come 10 my own conclusions. " That wom&n;," I said deliberately, "aying a hand upon Macllray's breast and ;coking him calmly in the iace, "has en tered Into a conspiracy with a little Jew solicitor in London to spread abroad the false intelligence of her own death, in order that her husband, whom ahe hates, shall be entrapped into contracting a mar riage with another woman. She promised in my hearing to make his life a burden to him, and this is the way in which she has chofisn to make that promise good.^ I saw a change in liis face aa 1 spoKe, and I eaw, though I could not tell why, that he abandoned had his mistrust. II Hold your toegne one moment, man," he said. " Don't speak to me. Let me think. A little J&iSrfollcitor; 1 An over dressed man with white teeth. Ay, ay ! Be's been here." "Pis name," I said, " was " "Wait!'' cried Macilray. "His name ffas "_I could see him searching in hi3 own mind, and the light in his face toid me that he had recalled it before he spoke the word -'' Goldsmith." " That is the man," I answered, " and this woman is the wife, heaven help him, of my dearest friend !" (To hi continued.) 