A GHOST STOUT. HOME'S FZKST VISION. (“D. lj. Ii02£i;: JUrJ UKK AA’fi MISSION," JlY ilADAUJJ DOUWLAH HOHtf.) Homo was, ji.i usmil, with ws fncnd Edwin in tin) wixnls. The two lx>va were both great readem, uud whou either of thorn had found anythin}' in a book that interested hinn it wan sure to bo communion tnl to tho other. On this occasion—it was in April, 1815 or 18 Id—Edwin wua full of a ghost story that ho had just rood. Thu tu'onk it related to is arson’ll tod with tho history ot’ a noblo tingItsb family; and I am told that it furnished Sir Walter ttoutt with tho grouudwork of one of kin ballads. A lady uiwl her lover hud mutually agreed that, if there were a life beyond thi% the rmo who died first should appear to the* survivor. in puwimnvo of thin vow, the lover, witiiin u low days of lua death, presented himself tohls tub?tress. Hhu treated the vision as a delusion of her souses; on wlueh tho spirit stretched forth his hand uud laid it on hers, leaving there a mark that was inetiuooublu. Many years after he had listened to this legend in tho woods of Norwich, Ilomo met in England a member of the family to which it. related, and was usaured Uuit the history was well authen ticated, uud that a portrait of its heroine still existed, known in tho family os “ tho lady with tlio black ribbon/* from a covoring ahe luul always worn on her wrist, to conoeul tho mark. ^Yht,n Edwin's story wua told tho two boys set themselves to discuss it, and also tiio possibility of such apparitions of departed Bptrito to those whom they navo loved on earth. With tho romance of their ago, they ended by agree ing to bind themselves by tho same promise that tho two lovers in the legend hid taken, and ux chuugod vows on tho spot, in tho most solemn manner they could dovise. A few weeks later Homo went to live at Trov. Ho was then about thirteen years of uge. In tho mouth of Juno following ho had boeu spending tho oven ing at a friend's house, and on return ing . to that, of his aunt found that Bho had already retired to rest. Ecu ring to bo scolded for boing lata, her uophow hastened to follow her example. It wub a lovely mimmor’s night, and the moon, shining through the our bun loss window of his room, rendered a cundlo unnecessary; but at tho momont whon the boy, haring finished his prayers, wna slipping into bed, her light was suddmily durkenod. Startled by tho phenomenon, Homo lookod an, and behold u vision that ho has described in tho opening chapter of his “Incidents in My Life,” published in tho year 1803 by Messrs. Longman: “I was about to draw tho sheet over mo,” ho writes, “when a sudden darkness seemed to porvudo tlio room. This surprised mo, iiuimnuch us»I had not seen a cloud in tho sky ; and on looking up I saw tho moon Htill shining, but it was on tho othor sido of tho darkness, which still grew more donso, until through tho darkness tliero scorned to bo a gleam of light, which I cannot describe; but it was similar to those which I and many others have since neon whon tho room has lKKm*illuuunutod by spiritual presence. This light increased, and my attention wua drawn to tho fout of my ’bod, where stood my friend Edwin. Ho appoared as in a cloud of bright ness, illuminating hia funo with u distinctness moro than mortal, , . , Ho looked on ino with a Buiilo of iuoffoblo aweotnoss; then, slowly raising tho right anu, ho poiutod upward, unci, making with it threo circles in tho air, tho hand Jwguu slowly to disappear. Thou the arm, and finally thy whom body, melted away,. The natural light of tlm room waa then again uppuront. I was speechless, und could not more, though I rota ined all my reasoning faculties. As soon as tlio powor of movomont was restored I rung tho boll, and tlio family, thinking I wus ill, cwuq to mv room, when my first words wo ills wore ; * I fiavo seen Edwin— ho died three days ago.’ A day or two after wards ii letter was rocciyod announcing tho do utli of liklwin after a vory short illness, ” •Homo time ago the experiments tlioy wore worn- making in bronco on tho effect of tho Lobol projectiles upon human bodies woro noted, unclaimed corpsea from tho public mortuaries and hospitals were sot up ami idiot at. 