WHAT ABOUT OBEY ? Tint Roman Catholic Ceremony. In Catholic countries publication of the in tended marriage having Wen mad'; on their solemn days in the parish church or churches when: the persons desiring tnamagrt live, they are acoomjaanied to tho church by their parents and friends in. testimony that tlm marriage is lawful and voluntary. The prirot having iwkyd and found no impediment, requires their con sent, saying, " N, wilt thoa take M, here present, for Ihy lawful wife according to the rite of the holy Mother Church ! " The man having answered "I will," the woman is asked, "M, will thou take N, here pre sent, for thy lawful husband accnitng to the rite of the holy Mother Church V Sh<\ in like manner, replies. "I «iIL" Here her father, or some friend, wive her to the man, who, in Ids right hand, takes her's (bare if a maid, covered if a widow), and they betroth themselves to each other, the man saying after the priest, " I, N, take thee, M, to bo my wedded wife to have and to hold from this day forward for bettor, for worse, for richer, for j»oorer, in sickncn aud In health, till death us do part if holy church will permit, and thercfo:.: I plight thee my troth." The woman tiicn, lo gins her hand, joins it again, «ayir.g after the priest, 1, M, take thee, X, to ba my wedded Imsband," etc., as before. Their troth having been thus mutually pledged, the prie.il says, "And I, as Col's minister, do join you together in marriage in the name of the Father andofthe SonandofthHoly Ghost."Then the man lays gold money, and a ring on the lx»k. The ring is blessed, and the man, taking it from the prieSt, And holding, the woman's ngbt hand in hie left, rays after the priest, "With tms ring I thee wed. this gold And silver I thee give, An«l with my body I tbco worship, and with all my worldly goods 1 thee endow in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." In saying in the namo of the Father the spouse puts the ring on the woman's thumb, and of the Son on tho next finger, and of the Holy Ghost on tho next ; in saying Amen on thy next, where he leaves it in token of endless love and fidelity. The wifo receives the gold and silver given her as > pledge of natural participation of all her husband's goods, of which she may 'dispose by Ids permission. Their joining hands beforo signifies the free delivory of their bodies one to the other, and of all they have for a mutual assistance of soul and bxly. Tne saying of prayers, and the giving of tho priest's blessing brings the ceremony tn a conclusion. It may be pointed out that tho woman is not in this ceremony called upon to "obey" her hus band. 