NOTES. The Czarina of Russia, in order to pass away her leisure time, us said fca often luke dresses for her younger children, in addition to trimming their bate. The marriage of Charles A- Egirton, eldest son of. Lady Mary Egerton, of MonntSeld Court, Sussex, and the late Mr. E. C. Egerton, with the Bon. Mabelle Annie Brasaey, eldest daughter of Lord Braasey, K C.B , was lately solemnised in the church of St Lawrence, Cats field, near Battle, England. Owing to mourning iu both families the wedding was a quiet one, and only relations were invited. Tbe weU^known tie* man prophecy that no member of the house of Hohenzollern should fucceed bifl father in tbe German throne ba» been disposed of by theaccessionof the Emperor Frederick, and now that the snperstitioniB do stroyed, perhaps the *' White Lady,' who is Baid to be the family ghost of the Hobezolleras, will also be found to have lost her bold upon the credulity of the German populace. Mre. Cleveland's pete are the poodle Hector, tbe huge St Bernard dog: Kay, and the little Jersey heifer Grade. The happy family axe five cats — one of them entirely black, another every incb white ; seven canaries, three of whom are allowed the freedom of the bedroom; a number of white mice, two peacocks, a guinea pig, nine fancy chickens, two alligators, and a fawn — the latter trio having lately arrived from Florida. A baroness, well known in Brussels as one of tbe most elegant, cultivated, and intellectual ornaments of todety, became violently enamoured some time ago of a young follow in the employment of a butcher in that city. She took him from his occupation, supplied him with plenty of money, and had the mortifica tion of knowing that he dissipated it upon dis reputable amours. In a fit of passion Bhe assAbsiiiattd her protege, and the Court of As sizes has just sentenced her to 12 years' im prisonment with hard labour, Paris ladies are now taking to Serky'a tea for their home receptions, because it is said that it makes the complexion wonderfully fair and white, and prevents wrinkles ever making their unwelcome appearance on the face. Another thing, lockets and brooches are now filled with the new solid sceuta. T»e advantage of these solid scents is that they do not evaporate like liquids. Every scent, which used to be once only in a liquid form, is now solidified, and c*n be carried about tbe person. Some pot a cake of scent in their pockets, others in their handbag, others in their purse or card-case, and others in their gloves. Tiiere are only about 400 people in fashion able New Yi.rk society. It you go outside that | number you strike people who are either not ! at eine iu a ball-room, or else make other people , not at ease. Of course there ate any number I of the most cultivated and highly respectable, evendisUnguiahed.peopleoutaideof fashionable society. When we give a large ball like the ls*t New Yew's ball for 800 guests, we go invite professional men, doctors, lawyers, editors, artists, and the like. But the day I when fortunes admitted men to exclusive society has gone by. Row with the rapid growth of riches, milliouai-its are too common to receive much deference ; a fortune of a million is only respectable poverty. So we have to dra* social boundaries on Another basis ; old connrctious, gentle breeding, cecfecti o to b.11 tb« requisite accomplish meat* ofagentlemaB,eleg&atlei;&ure;,aIiids- nanBtuDed private reuut&tiuu; count for more than newly gotten rk-h.s.— From 4* An Interview with Mr. Ward M Mllister ' in the Tribune. 11 Renting ariict-'« [or ucciibioiiB,' niiA & 27etp York jeweller, ' is a growiog feature with us. t It ii hardly a regular bonnets, bat a number of the large hotua fa in it to eome extent They call it accommodating thie friends, bat they collect fees. There is a woman in that city in thebmuMS. of renting jewellery who frequently lets oat from £10.000 to £15,000 [ worth of jewel* in an evening. Who are the borrowers? Mostly men. Yon wonld not thinkit. You would guess tbat feminine vanity was at the bottom of tbe busi ness ; but the male bird is the vain est, let me tell you. Besides, women nsii&llv; own more gems than men. Tbe articles loaned are diamonds principally— etude, collar- buttons, rings, sleeve-buttons, &c.; Men want them for receptione, weddings, and din oers. Women borrow bracelets, and occaaoD ally a necklace. Now a magnificent necklace can be got up for £700 or £800 that the non professional observer will think worth £2,000. Jewellers, of course, do uot let these valuables to people they do not know. Hey exact security for the most expensive. Articles of vertu and bric-a-brac for adorning a room are often rented also. All of these mu*t be returned early the next morning. The ladies who devote themselves toamatenr ambnUsce wort are, generally speaking, getting on pretty well ; but something must be allowed for the handiwork of novices. Instances have been reported of young ladies who could possibly have tackled a dislocated shoulder with tolerable ease, and yet h&ve; broken down at a cut thumb and been compelled to give way in so simple a matter to Dolly the Maid, with her grand mother's notions. Little mistakes, too, must be expected. The latest illustration of this reported is a case of a member of the Ladies' Ambulance '.'orps, wbo while walking along a London thoroughfare a few days «go saw s man knocked down by a cab. As his leg was said to be fractured, the yonng lady (so goes the story) stepped from the crowd and volun teered to pnt the limb in splints. She borrowed from the onlookers a walking stick, a parasol, and some handkerchief*. Thus furnished she dexterously applied her material, and was rewarded by the praises of those around her. On proceeding to raise the sufferer, however, it was discovered that the wrong leg had been set, and the bandages, as a consequence, were sadly and slowly on wound. 