NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Last night Air, Garrett put his foot down and insisted npdn having the long debate on the second reading of the Land Bill brought to a close. The House was given plainly to understand that unless it corked np the dreary dribble of loquacity that lias been going on under .the name of discussion for so many nights past it would get no Easter holidays. After the division would, come the Easter adjournment, but not before. There was nothing for it, therefore, bnt to make the most of last night and then divide. In this instance, however, Air. Garrett reckoned without his host. When it came up towards midnight the Alinisiry were dared to refuse an adjournment, not by the Opposition, but by Air. Farnell, and when put to the test they immediately collapsed, A pair of huge goggles, with a tall, slim gentleman attached to them, promptly ap peared when the debate was called on. The tall, slim gentleman proved to be Mr. Jego Smith, whom West Macquarie maliciously goaded forward to make a speech. The electors wanted to know whether he had been struck dumb or not after descending the hustiugs with the political scalp of Mr. Crick in his belt. They hod not heard from him since then, while the political, ghost of Air,. Crick stalks abroad through the constituency . threatening all sorts of vengeance and frightening the more timid supporters of Mr. Smith out of their wits. Standing . forward, therefore, Air. Smith reported himself all well. That was about as much as his speech amounted to. He would support the second reading of the bill, but take good care to see it amended in committee. Of course he would, We would not advise Mr. Smith to invest too much in pursuit of political fame. Mr. Byrie came next. He always speaks with dignity and calmness, and if Parlia ment were a deliberative Assembly' Mr. Byrie would be just the sort of man to suit the position, He criticised the bill briefly, but nevertheless with effect. He did not gay much, but a good deal -of what he did say was new. For instance, his criticism on the section of the bill providing compensa tion for improvements was pertinent and effective. While not objecting to the prin ciple and speaking as a friend of the bill generally, he entirely objected to making an .incoming tenant pay for improvements that might not he of any naa to him. Sup pose, said Mr. Byrie, an occupant of a run with extravagant tastes borrows a lot of money to build an elaborate dwelling house. The incoming man might be content to live in a bark -humpy, but the ' present, bill would compel him to pay for the man sion with every embellishment, from a marble mantelshelf to a 10 per cent, mort gage.' This Is an nndonbted difficulty. It Is not fair that an incoming tenant should be obliged to shoulder the extravagances of his predecessor:' against his will. ' On the other hand; who is to be the judge of what is extravagance in these matters and what is not ? Is the incoming tenant to get the big mansion at. t:ie valuation of a bark humpy simply because be expresses a pre ference for the latter class of tenement I If so, a general predilection for bark humpies is sure to develop and substantial dwelling- houses will not rank as improvements at all. An incoming tenant may intend to work a run upon an entirely different system from that adopted by his predecessor. Much of the improvements which are valuable to one may, therefore, be comparatively worthless to the other. And herein is the difficulty of fairly appraising them as the bill requires. The actual value of pastoral improvements can only be gauged by the increased rental which, by virtue of such improvements, the runs would bring in tho open market. The capitalised equivalent of this has been added tq the value of the property, aud it is only for this that compensation conld fairly be claimed by the outgoing tenant or asked from the incoming one. Br. Boss' speech deserves a passing word. His great panacea for all our agrarian ills is to "hunt every squatter out of the country." They want long leases, and what for 1 Simply that thev may fence the lands and throw the shepherds out of a job. Br. Boss wants no improvements of this kind, which go to swell the ranks of the unemployed. Squatters are enabled to produce more wool to the acre and thereby make warm clothing cheaper to tho masses by the introduction of fencing ; but that is nothing in Br. Boss' view. Shepherds ought to be paid for diminishing the pro ductiveness of the land rather than let stand idle or look round for some other sort of work. If this is sound doctrine, it is promulgated too late in the day to do any good. It should have been preached before the introduction of railways or even bullock drays. Look at the number of men who might now be employed carrying wool from Alolong to Sydney on their backs if these things had never been invented or the law- makers of ancient times only had the sense to suppress them as Br. Boss wants to suppress fencing. Seeing that all these men have been obliged to take other billets, it is hardly worth while adopting Br. Boss' policy now just in the interests of the few shepherds who still survive science's destructive march. The debate went on without anything else to relieve its monotony until Mr. G. H. Bcid rose. He bad an elaborate speech pre pared — an oration rather than a practical contribution to the work on band. It was eloquent, as Air. Beid's speeches invariably are, with a tendency to wordiness. There was not half as much Bolid matter in it, however, aa in the dry, prosaic deliverance of Air. B. B. Wilkinson or the long array of sundried facts and arguments marshalled up by Mr. Gormly. To Mr. Eeid the bill was Bead Sea fruit. The shell looked inviting enongh to induce him to vote for the second reading, bnt the kernel was all bitterness, the compensation for improve ments principle and the powers given to the Minister being things that he would never -swallow, Mr. Lyne pointed out that all these were excellent reasons why Mr. Beid should vote against the second reading, and then with a long speech brought the night's business to a close. It was intended to push on to a division ; but Mr. Farnell inti mated that if his flow of eloquence was summarily dammed np in that way he 'would walk ovor to the other side of the House. Six Henry Parkes said the Govern ment were not going to be coerced into an adjournment by any threats of that sort, bnt they adjourned all the same. Business will not re-commence till- Wednesday next. 