GENERAL NEWS. A Gazette Extraordinary was issued on Wednesday appointing the Hon, S, J. Way: administrator of the province during the temporary absence from the colony of his; Excellenoy Sir W. C. E, Robinson, The Right Rev. Dr. Moore, the Roman: Catholic Bishop of BaUarat, was a passenger; for Melbourne by the Ormuz, which arrived at, the Semaphore from London on Wednesday. The object of his lordship's visit to the old: country was to obtain priests and nuns; belonging to what are known a3 "teaching oiders," for his diocese, and he has been so far successful as to bring 36 rcligieuscs back with; him. There are four Redemptorist Fathers, and nine fathers of the Order of the Holy. Ghost, the latter being a high educational order well known in France and Ireland. In. regard to the nuns, they are composed of the Sisters of Loretto, Sisters of St. Bridget-(an Irish order), and Sisters of Nazareth, from Ham mersmith. The last-named ladies devote their time to the care of orphans and the aged poor of both sexes, without distinction as to country or creed, and their philanthropic efforts have recently attracted great attention in .. England, where . the Pali Mall Gazette considered their work of suf ficient importance to devote a special, article to a description of their methods. The fathers will take possession of the new college of the Holy Ghost, which is to be opened in Ballarat in February, and the efforts of Dr. Moore to secure Buch excellent educational; talent for his flock will doubtless^ be highly: appreciated by them. His Lordship was the guest of his Grace Archbishop Reynolds dur ing his stay in Adelaide, and his grace also . accompanied him asj far as Largs Bay to see him off. During his journeying Dr. Moore was honored with an interview with his Holiness tbo Pope, and lie naturally visited; Ireland, where he /ays "things are as bad as they, well can be."' : Sir Alfred Stephen, Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales, who has been on a visit to Chi6f Justice Way, at Montefiore, for the last two or three weeks, bft for Melbourne en route to Sydney by the. express on Wednesday. "Everybody knowB now what was really the matter with Jones, the Australian cricketer," says the European Mail. "It was smallpox. The secret was well kept; and well it might be,: for if it had leaked out the whole team would have been tabooed. I waB talking the othar night to a well-known county cricketer who was consulted by oue. of the managers of the; team as to what was the best course to pursue.; The manager began the consultation by saying: that they were in an awful mesB} that Jones was down, and Turner, in all probability, would be, with an infectious disease, but he never, admitted what the infection was. Perhaps if he had said it was smallpox he would not have said go on and prosper, 33 he did, as well as sought their company. Everything did go off . well, except' concerning Mr. Jones, who is badly marked by the disease, but it was a risky, decision, . At a meeting of the sub-committee of. the Royal Agricultural Society appointed to devise means for the destruction of Bparrows, held on Taeeday, it was resolved to collect fundB by public subscription to provide for a monthly competition in the production of the largest numbers of eggs aud heads of sparrows, to take place after the. autumn Bhow in Adelaide,! from a fund provided by MiBS Eleanor A. Ormerod, St. Albans, England, supplemented: by other subscriptions. It was resolved also to add to the six prizes of £2, £1 10s , £1,15s., 10s., and 5s. for the largest numbers respec tively of sparrows' heads and of sparrows' eggs by awarding 2s, 6d. to each person who brings in over 100 heads or 100 eggs (if he has-not taken one of the six prizes), and to award Is. to each competitor (not having taken a prize at this autumn show) who brings in over 50 heads or eggs, At the Norwood Riuk this evening a demon stration is to take place iu connection with the Norwood Boating Club. A varied and enter taining programme iB to be provided for the occasion, and there will doubtless be a large attendance. Elsewhere-it is announced that Miss Amy Sherwin's final Australian concert is to be: given in the Adelaide Town Hall on Saturday! night. The popular Bongatress iB to be assisted by Mr. Henry Stockwell, Mr. John Lemmone, and other members of her newly-organised company for India, while Professor Ives ha3 consented to assist. The following orders were issued from the Staff-Office on WednesdayOfficers for the ensuing week—Major Harrold, A.R,; 2nd Battalion A.R., Captain] Messenfc, Lieutenant Tweedie, The following promotions are sanctioned from this date:—D Company, 2nd Battalion, Corporal Rule to be sergeant; ]D Company, 2nd Battalion, Corporal Nicholls to be sergeant; A Company 2nd Battalion, Corporal MeSweeney to be sergeant. The laBt evening meeting {for tbe present year in connection with the Boys' Field Club was held in the Chamber of Manufactures on Wednesday evening, when Professor Tate lectured on " The common minerals of South Australia, and how to distinguish them." Mr. A, Adamson presided over a large gathering. The professor explained how minerals were dis tinguished by their hardness, weight, streak, lustre, and other qualities in a . thoroughly lucid way which attracted the close attention of all ptesent. At the conclusion of the lec ture, for which the professor was accorded a hearty vote of thanks, the chairman distribu ted the prizes wou at the recent show of native plants. In the course of some remarks' which at Mr. Grasby's suggestion Professor Tate, who waB one of the judges at the show, made, attention was drawn to the somewhat too frag •mentary nature of the exhibits, the importance of showing in a herbarium plants in all stages of tbeir existence being emphasised. An interesting lecture waB delivered by Mr. Evans, of Victoria, on " Patriotism j or no place like home," in the Bible Christian Church, Good wood, on Wednesday night, Mr. Joseph Ashton presiding over a very small attendance. The proceeds were in aid of the trust fund of the church. During the evening several solos were rendered by Mrs. Hammond, Miss Ruahton, and Mr. W. Hicks, and selections were given by tbe choir. Mrs, Hammond officiated aB organist. The Adelaide municipal elections campaign will be opened to-night, when a meeting of tbe ratepayers of Gawler ward (convened by Councillor Booney) will be held at tbe Cumberland Hotel to hear the views of candidates for the positions of aldermen and council lors for the ward. > ;Mr. Jno. Jude, contractor, of Norwood, announces himself in another. column as a candidate for munici pal honors for West Norwood ward. . " Rofgh on Rats.—Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants,: bedbugs, beetles, 'insects,, skunks, jack-rabbits, sparrows, gophers, At; themisfci and druggists; 323dla 