? : Provincial Thought. : 'Tke ministerial party, which hiis' 'honoured us' by a visit' will certainly' carry nwuy 0110 im presEion wjUi thorn, arid that is' that tho eauso of Separation is not feud in Townsvillo. ' !Tho speeches dblivore'd by tlio northern entertainers at last night's bnnnuet should leave no doubt Upon1 this'' subject. . Tlie Premier, perhaps wisely, avoided tho topio aa orio on which ho 'could not p'besibly say anything whi'oh would have been favourable.' Wo give Sir Sumuol Griffith' credit for his good intentions towurds tlio north,1 and if wo aro not to got tho raanage mcnt'bf our^own affairs, wo .boliovo-wb should 'fare better under tho present government, than any otherv wo 'aro likely to have.— North Queensland Tehnrahh. December 20. ' ' ? WriAT sti-ikes us most forcibly in thoso quo tations from the Premier's speech in thefre cjueiit, allusion ho makes to pledges given by tho colonies,, and broken or kept as the;oaso inny be Iii tlio first case— that relating to tho Federal Council— it would have been hotter if no pledges had been given until tho Council lind passed its tentative stages, and had been firmly established in publio favour in- -all tlio. colonies. Pledges, without mutuul goodwill and mutual benefit amongst all tho pledged purtiee, will do more to prejudice than to pro mote the cau60 of colonial federation. Unity will never bo accomplished by Govemment pledges. Tho present condition of the colonies-. :is a citEo in point. Thero is not otoii the ghost of a show of unity amongst the. various . colonies — Wide JJay and Burnett .V«M,:Junu ,'iry 3. .... ... : . ,.; , ? It is a faot that cannot he too widely kiio'wu that land in this country oari now bo acquired at less cost than many other British colony in the world.. Whotheror not the land selected is enitnblo-for tbe'purpoBO to which it is intended to : bo put is 'for the selector to consider. It is nleo for him to consider whether ho is snitublo for. the land or not, All Borts of aohemos havo bctn promulgated .to promote settlement.. , JuBt liowthe idea of villsgo couraranities i» uttract anor. attention. TL!m \h\Ipv fnnfurj. \\* .,..« i-i.,,4. 'wSr commend ittcif to most people Its obieot 'is to- givo men who havo been accustomed to associate together hn opportunity of foi'miiiir a 1 settlement in wliioh they cm help enuli other . The idea is goad in theory. Wo huvn doubts of its being found frco from many diuappoint .ments when cairii-d into practice.— Wcttern Star, Jiinuniy 4. ? ;, ' At the .termination of tho Municipal Counoil ' mating yesterday .afternoon, at tho invitation oi 1 x-Aidorman Stephens, tho party ropaired to: ilio- AuHtrullim Httel. whoro they drank uiicu'. ts to tho now borough of South I3rldbuio. 