't was one dreary afternoon, nlot long ti, e. when the rain seieued particularly nwitaillint to descetnd, alld so ecottpromised thit matter by falling itn a heavy mist, that i Idt.t' ecded to dinner Iu rather tn unatllnablte no ad, land I had, or thought I bhad, good etltt.e for mly unlsual distmbance of telmper. It was but the Monday previots, at Mrs. .ltore's party, that George MIorkley, after tinthltg two quadrilles and the ])anish 1 lka with ttie itt succession, haid a.ked ttta tl" tilt most charlming manner If eo might have the pleasure of cocortilg tme to thei t h at ro the next evening. I had looked wise-reflected If I hid any tllagementttt- thlen graciously replied : " I osttonld be very IIppy." And to think Ilhat, instead of majestically sailing off with him in all Ilie glory of my spring attire, I Wls obliged to tell hini, when he itte for ot.', looking so handllsome, too "I regret it extremely, but Lftopat wivites it; tot wait a year or two yet before I go tot ttwith gentlemen; ibe thinks me rather t, younllgl." eI tald Iave cried with vexation, but as l1. i exhibition might possibly have induced Mr. lterkley to beconmo of papa's opinion, I r" itdllaed, and bade him adtie with all the dignlity of twenty-five at least. lie nppeared it feel as omuch disaptpointtltment na 1, tlhougb, , nt tIhere was some comifort i that. I dare say ptapa's conscienco must have .mitote him, or else my doleful looks troubled hint, for as we were finishing dessert he aid : " Annie, if you would like to go to the Ith tire to-night, runl upstairs and get ready. I will tnke you." My first idea was to pout, and say," I did tlt care about it," lint on sober second Ihe tahlt, I quietly left the room. " After all," said I as I mounted ithi otoirs, " I cal' wear my beautiful bonnlet; snd perhaps lie may be there-who knowst?" It was lnot long before I was fully arrayed, and scarce heeding llridget's ftattering colot p'Ilt;ent, "Iltdade, miss, you look rtae bI. tntiful," I sprang into the carriage, whlch was soon rapidly whirling towards the Itleatre. Ere attother hour I was absorbed in the misery of poor Ellm Deans. I turned my haitd to wipe away tthe starting tear, when It ! hllt at little distance fromt me, sat George It itkley, with that odious Marlo, IRay mlond I My lears remained frozen to my eyelids, tnlI tile woes of Jennie aRd Elite vanished itt thin air. In what manner passed the rest of the evening. I knlow not I but wlen the plany wt-t over, I rose with the invinelble deter Initntiot to abjure hli acquaintance at once untl for ever. As for her-detestlnable creature I 'Th tears so bllinded tmy eyes, I contl scarcely follow papa through the erowd. He dropped miy arm a mtoment to thill the earriage, and I stood chilly antd cold in the damp night air, till I heard his impatient tone : " Cotte, Annie, quick I" I darted forward, Iprong through the open door, which closed rapidly,andaway 0e whirled. leaning back among the cushions, I let ny pride oand grief have full sway. And idtvettly hoping papa would not nolice or spolak to tme, I allowed the bitter tears to rain silently down. There was a suflocat. Ilnn ensation it my throat that caused ime to lower tihe window by my side, wheni a nr tff voice exelihned : " Good heavens, Marlna I what do you woatt any more aiold air in hero for ? I atl netarly frozen now t" Merclful powers I whot was that ? Where wot+ I ? Surety that was not papa's voice. At this momentiet a ray fromt a passtinl gas. lultt shonte upon the opposite seat, anld to toy horror and distanty, instead of tile grey hllr otltl placid brow of detr papa, was t mass of heavy black hair, a heavy mous tache, a keen black eye, nud a most foromid able countenance. I rubbed imy eyes to convince myself that I was not dreamnlg butntthe fast recellding light still gliiuncred in those tierce dark et rs. Ilotw camle e thero I Whlero was papa ? Whit right thad that manl in our carriage ? Tlhese and to tlhousand othler questiotns calne ertwding thllckly, but fear and bewilder itt tt ltchained tmy tonlgue. I wlos just about e ayihig one desperate shriek-" Papa I pp 1t" -when tlly atliiatlo eisdSeis sopoke againto " WIat the deuce Maria makes you so slllky ? I Itope, lthe next tttie youl go to the theatre, you'll go witll one of you hitaux -lItidrilge, for Instance, You'd be sweet enlaglt to hit, I dare say. Maria, are you tsheep ?" I heild my breath in perfect agony. lie hesitated a ilmomentt t then muttering, " ast asleep, by Jove 1" delibulntely seiettled hhnself aoing the cusitions, first taking tilhe precautlon to close the window by illy sideo, Who could hto be ? lie surely could not It too murdered papa nt I stoleal his carriage. But this bloodlhlrasty idea was abandoned as stan as formed, when, sutddenly, clear as tie itootndny, itbecame aippnretl. I, It noy blild ngtllationu , htad stllrug Into tie wtrotng crtiolge I Andl tills " litara 1' Colld It bie Yestt sLlto hadI doabtless iean left oll tite piaeiient ats tlheo veitclo rolled swiftly away. IBut now, what aholtld I do ? I endeav otured to ctllti ay agitation and pirerett the tIetiblitg of tny IlintiI frotm Itllely iotleed, aos I refiected : stuultdt I foll in hysterios, or tlltelly Inftlrmn tihe gentieonn I wtes not itt " cold sweat gntltered otl tny brow ts I Itlagined his scorllful nattoltlishnlet at ly avowltt. OUf colea he wotitl tlot hellevo me--no ntlO bhiog would hilheve tilat a ynolllg intly wttulhl thrust herleif in Itho same carrltga !ith a geotlelnant by mistakeo, I wtats Jtit tnedllnitatig ol the pmlrloriety if giving ole fro i nlltl e lrleck, altd rushhig heaId. lung nout of tit carrnlage, whtoei teeiiteld to ityloitg. fItlter tltan ever, wlien I ilrd tel Ilo gevil ?oleo ofa it lollcettlao enltulritng ltf tite .tecllihiatu whty hIe did iiot i how to lillit. Mly cLuttoiIiino thIrtilt Ihh heotd out of th, wrihow iSlide thfi telti ilrlto oto-pillllt y , req lesting the policclmn to go to the devil, sand cloted the window with it bI1 g Inutter lng : "Confounded careless of Jack not to light the lamp !" I neard the lotd denunciations of ilthe guardian of theo llght, till his voice was lost ill the roll of wlhels, and the ceaseless patter of the rain t then again contemltlted my own delectable lostilon. I'heo rin by thils thoe was falling so heavilly tlhlt the idea of explosing myself to its influence was extretely dl?eagrecelhbe espoulally an I reflected it was tnear twelve o'clock, and I had iot the remlote liea of where I was. My heart sank within mte, omy couralo utterly failed. When tlhat cross dissgrceeele Imni should discover tomy identity, what would he do ? IdistInect visions of watchlmenl, station-lhosesc vagraots, and lmpIosters, flitted before tie, till smy brain fairly reeled. l'or papa, too -what would lie tllhink Ihad becoe of ie ? Hero it new thought fllshed aerosa me possibly that unknown Mari had tank ten imy carlrage, is I had Ihers t Ifso, plapa would bring her back andi recover tile. An I had arrived at this comforting coielIsiolo, the carriage slopped. My companion git e meIt ln etergette plush, exelltiting l " Come, Marla, wake up I We're ho me fnow." And jumping out, 1 Imechanically ne celpted Itis offered hand, for, like Pickwick, it seelned all It " feverish dreamt," andi stppled out l It he blinding rain. T'li carriage qutlcly rolled away, and I hurried iup tile steps of what apleared to be a handsonnme brown-stone structurie. llo quickly appliled Ills night.key to the door, and pushed mle in, wilth the peevish exlnlalltion : " Why do you stand pokinlg there in the rain ? 1)o hurry I I expect lily new beaver is ruined." I found myself inl a wnndsonlo lofty I~nl1, with frescoed walns and inlaid pavcmen'it unade discernible by i dimly hurning light, held by a marbleo nymph tll:t stood in it niche of the stanirc se. lie locked and barred the heavy double doors, snd while thus engaged, the thought ocenrred to me-it was evident mly height and general apptclranee resemtblned tile abilllt Manria ; by keeping tmy face turned I migh t avoid notllce till he went upstairs. I would renitn in tie hall till daybreak then hlioe away home. Ile shook the raindrops from hits imtncu late heaver, and turning, mitd: " Well, sis, were you dreaming so intently thlat you have not awakcned yet ? I hope for the crelit of the funily that you arle ot a sollntlbillist." I yawned sleepily Iy way of reply, and lollteringly pretended I follow himn up the staira. With three bounds lie had vanished. "Now," thoght I, itas I silently retraced mly steps toa large hall-chatir, and seated myself with Iinuetice satisfaction, " if there are no ghosts or goblins in this enchanted realn, I shall be very well content to re omin here till moorning. I don't know bul rwhat I sihoul, a little, rather he at home snugly tucked away fin sly own coUlfortable bied. But 'tis never so ihad but what It might be worse; t ind I oll very thnllkful to have escaped being handed over to the tender mereles of the nearest polieeOnlui. Good Ilheavens I wtlt's that ?" The gas, which lhad been undisturbed, now burned brightly, and looking up I saw the retreating figllre of my qulnodlm, colmpantlo, tlltllu coat and boots, and hearl his footfill coinlg down what appeared to be it back stairway. lie entered a room it the further eptrelolty of the hall, and soon reappeared with a book in his Ihatl. "lDoubtless," thllouht fI "It, will return the stnio way t on I won'it get frighttemol." But no I his light drmt step cotine oteldily along and itn another momlnt, with gleaming eyes anid pale visage, I stood-or rathler sat- before himni. le staggeredl back as though' he saw a vllson,andl glared at tlo In blanlk astodsll. ment, faintly ec?elntlting : "Gracious leavens, what Is that ?" I tried to speak, but could utly stlalmier forth : " 1, indeed, sir-I --I could not help it. It was a- a mistake " aud burst into a violent flood of tears. " Int the name of Niobe "sld he, ndvan eltlg," whlo are you ? Don't be so agitatedl, miss, but pllelae to exlplain to what l am inldebted for thils unlparalled honor." But I could not explilu, for iay sohis Were bursllting forth with redoubled vilgour. "I enltrent you to be collmposetd," his tlone sofloling considerably y " there is no occn. slon for such distress. If you are ll trouble, tilss, anld I call relieve you, I shall be halppy to do so." " Indeed, fir," said I, strlivmg to regain ty self.possesColl " 1 tini very sorry, but I mistook your a?rriage for miy father's, and dlid not perceive It till I heard you speak I and then I was sil fllghltend." And here, great baby that I was, I cried Igilltl, "Poor little thing I" ejaculated he in cn undlertonle I thell ilold : " )on't feel si badly I Itl s only It little blunder tlut cun easily be roetilled in the moruning." " Oh," said I eagerly, "then you beleve o, anlld don't tllhink ne ai impostor." Ile threw back his tihed fnd laughed while thl e lwhie teeth glecalnedl uoder hiis nlounstasehl e I then said gravely : " I don't think you look like ot itipostor a nlt hIougll --let le see, are yot sura you don't wniit the sImoOln l" " Sir," I returned wsll titeh dilgnlty, t lly father's etinto is llorton. We live In - " " rtcllse, me, hMiss Mnrlol, for tny pro. sutlio lll i and Iinow, If yoll will alliow te to llggust, nly sistor's roolll is ullouolltlel, itnil I thiiik yoi hadi better rest hlcro till itornltg. - If yo' wish, -I will caill my Itotlter 0to tttenil yet." " N-nolo i I bueg youll will not-I riul esther stay hero I nltld ni s5o0l is doa dlillnt, I will rotarn hInule, frt I ktnow tsplo wlill be hlolst crrazy abollt illo.'! " Ald," soail Ie luilaigly, "If I wake lltlher, I sulliose sIte willI bie altlost erlzy abtllt Mlarl I llthoutI h I ililireliendl she has iinode alout the samt mloflnake as yolrself, or'l now her tLrn tfrolll her frlellds tlhe tillomellt lbelfre you Cnitered the etrrlgo. I iunt afral tots lnui brl othirs ur fLIt't IInko .ely l' oluheit escurtl clno this awkward affair lmd nlot Ihalllpeod." " Itudled !" exelanilmed 1, rather piqued, pIpapm btut left mUe Il illstlllt to fal the carriage, nld Ithell called iie, but I suppo?e tile aih mllld darkces. blilded mIIe." " And," retlrneld lie, " Maria ioppel a mlomlent to sellnle to 0meie friend,. and I, lbeile Im little oat of patiencte, spralntr ill tahead of lier ;-hllt I atll very tneglirent; allow loe to pretent youll to Mr. GrOnhamu lholrnltonu." Hlere he made a lon' hmov, lwhich seemted to relmnld hitIm of hi setmi-LchIl feetc for lihe alltllllycoloured,and llschlt evonllsly lautlthed na he ontlinluled I "I hlope yeou will exenllse all dtflehlmcie,, In oellmideoratlol of thle rltler ihgietlar ciLrcunllatnces atteltdhig our aeqaillln anee." As I I'owed in reply, I looked keenly at him, anld fontd thait my first tmpresiotn s were erromeons. Ile wam hlnllldlome- very hllndstmle, and possenesilng tmhat ealii digilty nldl quiet tluamtlillese thlltl altmiva flim m trlle geitllmman like ai garnmelt. Very dlifferet, thouiht T, frmn the hlmhyiosh Inmhy pmuttyltltI m of IthaIt lodiott GItimgei Iterkley. lie hml Imein ,cerutlli int?lg nme at closely as I hlim, and now aml : "You look rather pnle, Miss Morton; anud l infer yeou dlml't feel any better for youor lightt's adnventlrte." Withotut wnttug' a leply Ite strode down the haUll-where I theard tIhhn unlcektiLg doomr amd elilklng glasse.. P'reently l e returtmel, hearitg at silver walter, ladet tilth cnke nllll Wlte. " I re no reasonll whly e nshotld nt Ioe aon tomfortamble oa possible, tunder tile elrellm alanues," sald he smtiling : " nld I Iehope youl will lnt he it all qienlamlsh about helphmg yollraelft, for if you hald a alirrtr Ibefore you yemm would l greo with tle tIlmt you imcledl It." I eonlld not refuse whalt was so genermosly proffered I besidles, the extreme exclemllettll I Iol adunlergene, togelther with Itny fIutlnIe sitte diller-tlilllmc e, imtl ae fet quitle fanllm mid a little IIhuIgry. So we sit esolihly doweu, hIe in one blm elhalr, 1in the other, with tlht walter betweenc its, ald proceeedl with mil lime gravity to discuss thie dainties before us. mDurlig oar repast hIe Iltughligly asked lily opemiole of Ils ceondlliet iI the cmrTiague, anlltl mai Io I had beenll mlueh anlloyed at the theatre Ihalt eveahig. I oumhl not bit smile to thlllk homi' neaIrly our feellllgs were allled, but I dimd not tell hIh so. Scarcely had ine fllinshed when, throuIgh tile dlealeed saonild of thie raini, I mheard i carrtilme drivrlig it a fn llrios eite. " 01m, it's fithler I" said I, sproliglig linp In gldl exeler.entl. We Itotened bittchly. And as Mr. Thrnltonl qiekly lunharredl thie doors, i watlked papa, accomltanied iy a youneg indy. Joy kills less quickly thaInu grief ald this time I neither crled tor fahiltel away. "My idatrlimg 1" cried hlie, 'm how coall ye?n rue awayn fromm ol papoin ? Were yotu de Iermlned t Imo hae a heat, I fui nt whlile goitl, at least while returning from tihe thleatre ? Itut," casting ia npolmsietItI glanie at tIhe try that tmood learl " l aml ioet mirplim|ed at yoelr pref'recee. Ytlloung sir, I iib tile fanlhimn tiowadaynv fen yoaltm miles Im give gentlemlen a smurprise party c olleo, nlld. then hlie famnted I this inmlltiller ?" Iht Mir. 'ThIorintom wraq bsily engug?gl qnestionlin hio s1ilter as to Ihow naml when lteo dim:ovcrcl hter error. " iVhy, Orlthal,'" said mie with a bhltlh, " It was all ewilg to younr llikihneso. If I had liot kunwln hoIow sulky ymo were ill tile theatre, plrobambly I bhoulmd have gonl-e ts quietly hmmome cilih Mr. Mmrton aL tu ti lhuitllmter dmI with yeut." " Io toll uii tom it wno I" crIoel we both osliiltameouisly i but Sile blished, hoIesitated, iughied, aid msid:l " 10 tse't worth u elllng. Is It, Mr. a4cr. ton 2" Plata laughedI till the nwate, stood in Ills eyes. l lust as you please, hllan 'rIhorltio," re plied hie. " If you doll't wish It, tortures ihaItu'ti draw it frtiml mle." ()If clluire, olur eullliclsity wa IInow excitedl to Ihe hlighest lilhlh, and heir brIolheer ill slaled onll nll ellllllalilln. " Nowt, Marin, hamue I not tohl you every liarliculeir, fomUM t imeueMlis? Meorlon dit Ilme tile hIlnlomr to enter Iny emrrine., iipl tim the pIresetll IUImoiIelti, lirt el'll mit lllltig omim of tly illlelvll spiieelien It i hiiL fidr yeu sholnid (Ie ylllor letu relt?mlt I immlllllmlt l ime fatlher emiCfessor. aild proCeelI"' " Oh, Oramlliltl, what ii teune roll yeil are I Ihonever, thlmre Is linot so Illtlli to tell yeim meed h oe ln l utols Io hemr It. toll re ielllmer when m lblllm WlIIsoii nOlltpeld tme mutt tile pavemeillt ? She tldld lli cile ins ullltg Io libe! larriol iext week to Mr. \Iletlree, mlid she hlalm onl' kllowli hhn thlrel iee!ko I Ihen she wished mlme tui be hbrileslanid, and re qulmed Ule to invile you Im ilako tme with tthemo nll their hrihdl tor I All lll thI lewI so tartiled mime thait I Iliidl jummned lute the earrgllle and rlddelli polmie disltaIC hIeoleore I fully reditlstl It. 'lihen I woeiiered whether or linot yel wolhlt take ilime,m tullhe imore I thought of It lu Ile ore I wlithle to to So, kilnownlll ytli felt rather ertls, I tthought I olhlt coma youll a little I 1--i--c lereo Mis Malrita amllie to aLdeadil paReI anlil lhinshelel meleelitl rol. f* mo mn l" cried her brolier, buit papa intelpOeed wotli a merry twinekle itn Im eye. " If Mlss Thorneton will alhlmw mme, I will itilmaI, aoim tell mliy lert mif ihe mimry. Ii tihe tuloatre, I nw ilmy little girl wams int very happy, t on whene we were retlcrnhigl I tlloUllghlt alll?icei woulhl le thie tent cure, nmd leLt iler to her own retleeclIoI. We had inearly rechllel the brldlte, when iho imoved lnearer to lilu. anudl -alld- -hero Malnria eonulumencmee a clouse liipeetlhin mi tlIhelhir igail~st whichle I was lenmilng--l o miput both armnl aroulid mIy eleck ulid ktied imy cheek )" Amuil or merry peals of Inullghter, papa conitimuied I " I drew lher so mIllc, anld mid: Wetoll, Aniilo dlear, how do you feel llnt ' IFor mi11 anlswer, I wsii greeted wlllilttlle oIllst terrlle ushlrlk I ever heardl. (Ylni cerltily hlIve geIeId lhtegs, tly dear ) I Why, Atinme,' sail I,' whitL in thie Illmltor ?' teretll after nacrmli follmwedus Ilgletd wtlh the words, .Let me outl Otpen the doorl I ' Where's Orahmtn ? Let lmeu uint i ' lless thy slarn I In tle gIrl crazy ? Aimle., whai t nlits you ?' ' Oh, yioU driadful milnlli I Where'a imy lrolther? Let mie outl' and she Imnldo Irimtiu itlltelmili to tllen Imo ldeor." .:Ilera oer Illil ld clmltlil d IIIai ghtII er wakenleld thle aleepillnig IIInimites, for ernerl I iilllghtla pelcd liciuls llppt ite a lur lov tlhe hlanllllltero, mtll It vmeln eiquilrelI I SWnhat Ins atll this funs mbout 7" i":I l,i lmliter" lai mld Mr. T'hiirntoln ti in cheery rhiltiig toin-v-ery dtlllferelit from the nurly folle In thie eirrilgel-"l dio Iteiit down 1 1 hieo nimuethlhig ith ll tell Iyou I nllll amil falliher, lo l" Ilti pltla illerlfUetnd, aild Ilnt we haud treoslalsed oin tlheir hlsulpitllty ilready Itoo hlig, iIltid iler itrrillpo wites wtillitig i theii rmll. hi oe i?l thlllrew, liult Io hefilre mIme mtlll t ll ict,,' mmcii, Ii mu(rl tqilill ill As MarlRti antd I exihanged it parting kint, T notieed what In my confusion had escaped ta obserrvation-thatt we were nearly the saime height nnd site i and, by a sigular eoaincidenie, dressed in IallmnRl he salii.tn manllnter. I will bie getneroit, anld confeo.t she I' a little hit prettler than I. (One pleasutt evenintg, not long ?sinle, I sat In Iho ditm mttonllght, linteltnig oll lot - breathlo words-the ttetetell toirltal lips ever framted, 1and meeting rltdiltnt glaittte from it ?sttroi Ieve-lit l vles (htw' coldl I ever think them there 7), whenla the dim quiet wt disturbeltd Iby ai violent ring at the bell. \Ve bIth listendl hltently as the ervanlt open'd the dooir, and I healrd the mincing, affected, well-knownl toines of George Ierkley enquiring if " Misn Mortonl wlt at Aht, Ihoght , wtlh a iglh of thankful lteos, Ilhat dreItia hIas IpaLsed, bullt hiave I not wakeneldl hilto t brotl blissful light of perfect tinl, 7 My cllompaniontll drew oties|Oll cloner to his hltert, alll piressed a quiet kla itslel l my Ilpt, oa John nIut lletired it the door : "loe, sir, ,liir Atlillll' at ihonei hilut elhe is engllged."-S?nmtciutqin Ilreail. 7Mirlathetlu was rooud of hlls extreme ugll Ilea,. IlI. arls on ugly that I II loys inld to slop him Ii the Ltreet todl ,asl him If hil fee didn't hurt hiln After till, this world is a ldanlgerous pItLce-Very few people get iot alive. You cannot judge a llll In by his coat, it is Ila lironillsaory ole. that ull t hil l laway. When fullr thousalln diinterested Physi clans cerlify to the excellence of anl ilhvigoritive athlitnllltl, sceplitie Ip to ehlletinc -if there e any-might l lt s weld. retilre to "it Ill bk leat.'" Hulch IIn itIIdorsteIImetL carries rconviet i to the mind oflii all rationalli persons. The sloe e llnml r of Imedical melln halve, over Iheir ownll lgaltullre, mositl empha'lhtitally i~llrlyled the Ipopulallr verdtlllc long since rendllredl .lt favotir of Wol.r.'o bcHNA to. An IIInglliah hishllop querulously remalorked to hiis servaitIt Ihiat hie waLt, dying. " Well, my lorll," salld the goodl fellw, ii you ire going to Ia better plice.C" " John," replied thle prelate, ll it an air of conviction, " there's no place like old IEngland." l olllotty's. Ointmenlt aitill at I/.-CoIltghn, Ilflll'luenza.-T'le nlllothing plirtoiellCs of these meIiciaments reniler hlll well worthy of trial in all iitsenise of tIe Ilttus. In ellltollllon nlllh and ihellulza the l Pills ike itnl erunally ilnlty elllllciou. Wheln influenzall is ephlemnic thii treatment Is enldust, safest, allnd str|, hollway's P111. Iand (Ihintmnlltl purify the bIlood, reimtoe all oblstutllons to its frto circitlltln throulih Ihe liungs, relieve the otergergel tair tubes, nlld relder replirlation fret withloult redurlllilg Ile strllllglt, Irrittnlll thle inervL, or dellpressilng the spirits. Such are lthe ready mtans of saving itufering when taftlited rliilillelo 0 ly Inll lR00IIIaIy! ito rell tH yLl witlh olhis, congllsh, lbrinohlia , ni| oteher complaints by which so manlly iare serionly and pler.Uatietly tiftlicled it Illltil o countIries. Whill.t visitinlg Amerlcitli Tlhackleay tmallde particular Iullllllpenis collerltng Ainlricla oylter I andll at Ill first Ilaltooldinllnetr atmiie enornus ones weire pliced blefoilre hIi iiill it wic'ked lpololgy fr thller llintg son. saill. lie looked at theta for it llonllteillllld thenill whsllpereil, " low slill I do it 7l" le mInllh?t IaIl the aillelnt, opened Il(Ills IIni1th ,wide, nlld it nLst alct'oi plsltalhed tllte task. Ilsa host Iakeil him how he felt. '?iero fonlllly grateful," he sptiell oIut, " atl ts If 1 had sowllowel a Ililht labyily." 