A Slidiiiglit 5 Shall Remember. Jack Templeton had been my closest friend in boyhood, was ray cherished companion in the days of our early manhood at college, and. my delightful correspondent during the ten years that had gone since the close of the happy period o£ student life. This corres pondence had not been the only communica tion between its, for we agreed, on the final leave-taking of our old college quarters, that visits on each other should be kept up, Jack setting aside at least two weeks in one year to be spent with me wherever I should be settled, and the year following I was to visit him for a short season. This arrangement bad been observed by both with punctuality and regularity, and we became well ac quainted with each other's mode of living, occupation and surroundings. Jack was a physician in Greenwich. Anyone knowing him during the character- forming period of his life would have marked him for a future physician. He possessed those traits of char acter, those oddities of native disposition which mean strong individuality. He was dryly humorous in his ordinary conversation, canded in his intercourse with his acquaint^ ances, cheerful enough on occasion, ingenious in his estimate of people, nol by any means brilliant, but studious and determined,-espe cially bo when concerned in the; investigation of subjects belonging to the obscure and.hav.-_ ing'a "dash of the mysterious. To him the Greek grammar and Latin construction were dull* plodding, butmathematics, and especi ally the study of mental science and of those questions the solution o£ which involves an exploit into the depths of psychology, were to him 3 genuine pleasure. Exploring the mysteries of the human mind was that which* made up the texture of his thoughts by day and was apt to weave the fabric of his dreams by night. A trick of magic, no matter how obscure, did not interest him be cause there was no pretence that its operation depended on anything but some clever mechanical contrivance or sleight of hand.: Such things were lacking in that essential, the supernatural, which so absorbed his every ; thought. But an exhibition of mesmerism ; filled him with wonder, for he recognized in it the manifestations of the unseen workings of the human mind, and much of his time . was 6pent in the study of its strange pheno mens. It was his claim that could mesmer ism become other than the ungovernable thing it now is and be brought under the sub jection of the human wili, it would, prove not only a mighty aid in medicine ana sur gery, but would very likely afford an explan tion of those strange mental conditions which so puzzle the worid to-day. Having a mind thus fashioned it was the most natural thing for Jack to take to medicine as a profession— ! medicine in its broad sense, the enthusiastic study of which will gratify the thinking man in his search for light upon the intimate and the Intricate relation of the human body to the human soul. The newspaper field had been chosen by me as the one in which I would exploit what ever of learning and energy and determina tion I possessed, and at this time I was en caged on a morning daily in a vigorous pro vincial town. It was Jack's year to visit me, and the time being at hand when he might be looked for I had completed the few preparations about my bachelor belongings which his coming would make necessary, so I was not surprised when just at twilight one evening in July he came in upon me, sitting alone, in meditative mind, in my second-story flat apartments. Not surprised, I say. At the time, truly I was not. I remember the date of his coming. It was Friday night, thd 12th of July, 1877, a fact which in the light of what followed I had good reason to remember. Our greetings were as cordial as usual, onr handshaking as vigorous, and ourmutuul inquiries%bout the things that had come into our lives since the1 la-t meeting were as rapidly and enthusiast!-; cally spoken as ever. My ownexperiences for the twelvemonth, commonplactfand com-; paratively uneventful, were soon told, bat] what they lacked in novelty and volume was • mode up by the perfect avalanche of incident and adventure Jack bad to relate of himself. J Ho told me that night the details of experi ment after experiment be bad made with the j human-physical organism; how he had tested and analyzed and theorized in hi? endeavor j to sift down, satisfactorily to himself the grand mystery of what portion of a man's1 oody was most closely related to his soul;1 what one of the various systems in the human framework gave shape, and motion, i and energy to the sublime thing, mind. This , was his hobby. He did not spare me. He j never did spare me when thus occupied. He had beconje accustomed to having me in dulge him when on his favorite theme. In < this connection he bad many new^intercsting; stories to tell about mesmerism and what he called his measureless possibilities. He re-; lated bow he, while in the mcsineric sleep, at the will of a person who possessed the power Of putting one under its influence, had been sent, at the instance of a third person, a stranger, to a far, distant city where he had never been before, not, at least, in. the ordi narily understood sense of being, and had described scenes and objects about the; streets of that city nccuratejy^enoujgb to be easily recognized by the third person, whose home it was. Several tests of this kind had been made, each timc with themost astonish ing results. Jack's enthusiasm in the nar sotion was only equalled by the readiness with which he came 4© bis conclusion, that the mind of the mesmerized subject had, un hampered by matter, iime or space, been .transported at the Will of a designated per-' son1 to a place chjwenbjthat person, dad •jbe-J i^fet6se}i^jj^>$pe liid, ;of sqanS,' tually seen subjects there/ftiid,easily enough, conld jteU;oi^era^ the ©b»j jeets had made%n i£a|| mind, and, that mind,retMBing tojtsjicenjM jtomed habitation, the jButijeetfe body, could j « And," he added, siveness in hisvolce,"Ibelieyethat lit the conditions are favprable the subject nnder thelnfluence bf tlfif subtle sOntething can be transported to spirit to a'distant place, can seeand talk with asec»ndper8pn, -and this ■ visit with aU its incidents will be to -that j second person in everything important an absolute reality—so real that he will never j feel those unpleasant sensations that accom pany wfiat are called ghostly visitations." Jtick's conclusions and the earnestness of his manner were largely interesting to me, ' and although I instinctively inclined to the natural view of things—a view .emphasized by a calling dealing chiefly with the real, affairsof this life—had but little belief in anything that could not be explained by causes jye call natural ana are easily under stood, and would discredit the testimony of any person, jio matter how near to me, if that testimony conflicted with. what seemed to me reasonable,stilUack's seriouMe^andhonfisty Btrangelyjjnpfessi^metbat him need notnecessarily bedoubt^^ihi^there were likely etraogerihihgs on earth alone than were known, of; and then with a wish to dismiss the. whole subject for one more cheering I asked abbot some acquaintances I bad in -Greenwich, his home,.to which inqui- ' ries he responded and in turn asked for my father's family, who still live on the old homestead, a few miles away from the city of my residence. I replied by arannging with Jack right therefor a.visit together to our early home, and straightway penned a note to my sister telling of his coming, of onr con plated visit home, andthat arrangements might be made for our stay for a brief season.} I sealed this letter, with Jack's assent to the arrangement it conveyed, stampedlt and put it in the postal box just outside my door. The night was wearing on and bed was suggested, so with many pleasant anticipa tions of what the succeeding days had in. store;for us, Jack said good-night and went to his bedroom, (previous visits baring made him acquainted with my apartments. : The night passed nneventfqlly, not even a stray reminiscence of the evening's talk in 'terfering with the senses' even repose. 1 awoke at 7 o'clock, dressed, thought of the planned visit home and the many agreeable things it promised. I did not hasten to arouse Jack, considerately thinking that the. fatigues of his Jong journey and the late hour i of retiring would prepare him for a prolonged rest. More than an hour passed and. I began to feel the need of eating, and Was promising myself the full enjoyment of a breakfast with; Jack for my company ; so I went to his bed room to cnll him. My astonishment was pretty evident when opening the door Jack was .not in the room, and what was stranger Still, nothing it contained indicated.that be had been there. The bed had not been disar* ranged in the least. Not a chair or other ar ticle of furniture apparently had been moved from its accustomed position. Alto gether there was not a shadow of evidence, thatany person living had been in that room the -preceding, night. There were no win dows in the room, and no doorsave the one opening into the one where I slept. A per son then could not get out of that bedroom and out of the bouse except by coming through, that door and leaving by the hall door. J rpmr-m hftrpH that ivKpp J fhig outside door was locked and bolted as usual on the inside; this was recalled by the diffi culty in sliding back the bolt that morning. This showed that even had Jack been dis posed to leave me in that shabby manner in the middle of the night, he could not have done so, not to mention thatsach a proceed ing would be as unlocked for in the man as it would be unworthy of him. The truth remained, nevertheless, Jack was gone. But how he had taken bis departure, was a dpep mystery to me. Strange as it was, though, no suggestion of the supernatural then entered into my calculations, and I conten ted myself with thinking that a reasonable explanation would offer itself- in time, I said nothing to anyone of the occurrence, not caring to brave the doubt and ridicule the telling of it would likely provoke. I was extremely janxious to come to at least some plausible solution of. the affair, yet the longer I sought one the more perplexed I became, i till I bad to conclude that the whole pro-* i ceeding was a very vivid dream. A dream it might be; but such a conclusion was exceed ingly disappointing mid unsatisfactory, for in dreams persons don't grasp each other's I hands, and smoke together, and drink to gether, and talk for hours at a time connect | edly on a subject, especially such a one i as occupied our attention that night. Then another circumstance came to me me with almost startling suddenness. The letter ! Did I write that letter to my sister, or was that, too, only a part of the dreamf If she got my letter that would be proof clear enough that that night's proceedings were not a dream, let them otherwise be ac counted for as they ought. If tbe letter was written while sleeping, that would be a som nambulistic feat too formidable for belief, and besides I had never been.known to be a sleep-walker. I could easily fLnd oafc about the letter anyway. I wrote to my sister asking simply if she had got my letter, $n prompt answer to which she &&id; she' had, adding that they were all prepared for and anxiously awaiting our; coming. . Clearly, the letter was not a dream. Then -what on earth or above the earth or nnder the earth would explain that nightly visit, that un ceremonious and mysterions disappearance of Jack Templetoh? It began to trouble me. A weak had passed since that night, when a letter-bearing the well known post '■ mark of Green wick was dropped through my door. It was from Jack, This is what it said: I am very sorry^my professional duties and the amount of study I have laid out for this summer will tie me down at home, and I shall not be able to make yon my usual visit this year. * * * .Merciful Heaven! Theman hada'tbeen ■ with me atall. Was he dead and;did:bis (shadow come tohauntme instead of living body to Visit me? . That would notbe likely, for his letter was dated, five days later thai# that night, and ghosts, having a way-ofmak ing their presence known at we praise time i their disembodiment takes place, are always punctual. The letter did n^t so far lighten up the matter, tt proceeded: You know my hobby, mesmerism, and you ! know how I ride.it. Well, onenl^ht jrecently ; I mounted my hobby.and took a long ride. I j was away out inyonr country, in your town; in your very room, and I sat with yon and talked with you and drank with you, and all butslept with yotu To be exact, the night I was Friday, the twelfth day of this month, July. Now, ail this was so real to me that I ! want you to write me whether on that night i you remember of3}eing conscioosof any un | usual occurrence. Did 1 seem to you that I was in yourseompany that night ? I want all tbe facts, that I may see now they will ! fit a little theorylhavelately been construct | Thiers it waS, and the subject talked upon by Jack, or Jack etherealized, and me, came back, with his startling assertion aboutapeiv son in a mesmeric trance being able to com municate with an absent person, and that: person to be conscious of being communi cated with. So Jack in all things essential had been present with me that night,'For is not the mind the conscious part, the soul, the essential thing T . • »fWTO«r|j-Bxrfer. tim fp* »• Iraversed mys J^j^raiida Jbg 