THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND . M. NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AT BUBASTIS. PJIOH TUB TIMB8, 6TH AriUL.1 Tbo excavation of the Great Temple of Bubaati (the rains of whiob, it will bo re- meraberod, were discovered last year by M. Nitvilla) was resumed some five or six weeks ago, and is now in full pro- gress. Former operations conducted by the ageuts of the Egypt Exploration Fund have for the most part beon carriod on in places remote from the beateu traok; but M. KaviUo. by marohing his little army of diggers to Tell Basta, has brought his work not only within au easy distance of Cairo, but withia a few minutes' walk of Zagazig, the meeting-place of a network of railway lines, and the head quarters of the Egyptian cotton trade. Zagazig station may be dsBcribod as tho Maliues of the Eastern Delta — the bourne for which overy traveller, whether hie destination bo Damietta, Mansurah, Sala- hiyeb, Suez or Port Said, is inevitably bound. An all trains stop hero, and aa thoro is gene rally a dreary hiatus of a couplo of hours between the arrival of tho incoming train and tbo departure of tho next, it may readily be imagined with what eagerness tbo tourists of tbo present season are just now throngiog to the scene of 2d. Navillo'u labors. The work of the Egypt Exploration Fund has, in short, become a popular institution ; and instead of living like anchorites in desert soli tudes where the impress of a patent leathor boob upou the Bands was as startling a novelty as the famous foot priut on the shore of Robinson Crusoe's island, tho explorors are now cbflorfri by the daily viaif.a of n'vnerou? travellers of all ranks and nationalities. The scene is curiously picturosque. Here, grouped together on the vorge of tho great cemetery of Sacred Cats, aro tho tents of the ollicers of tho Fund; yonder, swarming like bees at the bottom of tho huge crater-like depression which marks the area of the temple, are seen some 300 to 400 laborers— diggers in tho trenches and pits, basket carriers clearing awny the soil as it is thrown out, overseers to keep the diggers at work, "pathway men" to keep the paths open, and tho carriors moving, gangs of brawny " Sbayalin," or native porters, harnessed to gether by stout ropes, and hauling or turning sculptured blocks which have not seen the light for many centuries ; girls with bowls of water and sponges, to wash down tho carved surfaces preparatory . to the process of taking paper "squeezes;" and small boys to run on errands, help with the measuring tapes, and keep guard ever tho tents und baggage. With so many hands at work und so many overseers to keop them going, it is not woudorful that the exoavations make rapid progress. Tho two large pits which were opened last season aro now thrown into one, and are being enlarged from east to west, following the axiB of tho structure. The sides are also being cleared, and before another month shall have expired tho whole temple— of whiob, apparently, not ono stone romains upon another— will bo visible from ond to end. Its entiro length is probably about 700 or 800 foot ; but measurements, of course, aro as yet puroly conjectural. We may remiud our readors that tho pits sunk last season disclosed tho site of a grand bypOBtyle hall, strewn with fallen monolithic columns of tho 12th dynasty workmanship, and a hall without columns, but lined as it should seem with elaborate bas-relief sculptures repre senting a great religtouB ceremony, and con taining tons of thousands of minutely executed hieroglyphic inoriptions. Tho columns and architraves of the hypostyle hall, though of an earlier period, aro emblazoned with the ovals of Barneses IL The inscriptions of tho festival hall commemorate Osorkon IL, of the 22nd dynasty, and his Quoon Karoama. Besides the two historioal landmarks thus determined, various blocks bearing the names of Usertesen III. and Ppi Merira testified to tho existence of the edifice not only in tho days of the first great Theban Empire, but iu tho very remote age of the Pyramid Kings of the 6th dynasty. At the same time, a small tentative oxoavation at the western ex tremity of the site yielded the name and titles of Nectanebo L, of tho 30th and last native dynasty. Such being the outcome of but four weeks labor at the close of the season in 1887, it soemed reasonablo to hope for im portant results when tho excavations should be resumed. This hope is being more than fulfilled ; and overy week — it might almost bo said overy day— yields some new and valuable link in the chain of historio evidenco. A third hall, dating from the reign of Osorkon L, has been found between the hypo- style hall of Barneses IL and the festival ball of Osorkon IL The roof was supported by- two largo columns with palm oapitals, and the walls were sculptured with bas-reliefs on a large scale, representing Orsokon L in the act of worshipping Bast and the other doities of the city. Eastward — that is to say, at tho end by which the temple was entered— two parallel trenches havo revealed the site of a colonnade ; and hero the baso of a statue of Neot&nebo; L has been fonnd. thus showing that he made additions to both oxtromities of the struoturo. The western end, now in course of excavation, appears to bo of great width, but its length is as yot not ascertained. That it contains tho sanctuary may bo taken for granted, and tho sanctuary is probably the work of Nectanebo. Unlike most Egyptian temples, the great temple of Bast does not appear to have been proteoted by one of those massive crude brick walls which rendered tho temples of Karnak and Tanis as impregnable as fortrossee. Herodotus expressly states that it was surrounded by a "low wall having figures engraved upon it;" and this low wall, like the splendid soreen running round the great tomplo of Kdfoo, was evidently of stone sculptured in bas-belief. Like the rest of the building, it must have been of red granite, and we may hope that some portions of it may yot be discovered. The Bubastites, at all events, seem to have been too proud of their famous temple to mask its beauties by a circuit of unsightly ramparts. So muoh for the progress made in excavating the disjecta membra of the building ; the " finds, however, are yet more noteworthy. That Bubastis was tho site of an important Hyksos settlement is whatnoone suspected , but it is a faot conclusively established by tho work of thepresont season. Two black granite atatueB (one unfortunately headless) of tho unmis takable Hyksos typo ; the lower half of a seated statue of an unknown king, also of Hykeos work, and a fine red granite architrave ongraved with the cartouche of Apepi, the most famous of the Hyksos rulers, havo been discovered, all near together, within the last three weeks. The first found of the black granite pair is thus described in one of tho weokly reports despatched to tho com mittee of tho Egyptian Exploration Fund by M. Naville: — 'In digging to tho southward of the HaU of Osorkon L, we found first tho beaddresB of a colossal st&tuo; in black granite, tho head broken just at the level of tho eyes, and presently the lowor part of the face. The loft cbeok and the board aro damaged, but the right side is porfect, and tbo two halves fit each other exaotly. Tho typo of tho face is Hyksos, the sunken cheeks and the projecting mouth being exactly like those of the Tanis sphinxes. The head-dreas is tho ( news,' with the ur&ufl.; The base and feet of this statue are still lying at tho bottom of a deep pool, whenco they have to be hauled out when the water has somowhat subsided. A statue of a Hyksos King wearing the insignia of Egyptian royalty is certainly unique." The companion statue (headless) was found only 10 days ago, also in a pool of water. Osorkon IL has engraved his ovals on tbo side ot tbo throne on which tho statue sits, and has erased those of Barneses II,, which that Pharoah had cut upon the front, boside the right log of the statue, having himself erased tho names of the origiual owner, whomsoever he may have been. As these statues wore found near the architrave of Apepi, it is probable onough that tbev are portraits of that king. The other Hyksos statue, Droken off at the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr. Naville writes, under dato 18th March:—1 " Our most important discovery up to the present timo. was made yesterday morning. 1 had noticed on Friday the corner of a blook of polished black grauite, which I thought might belong to Borne good monument, and I bad it unearthed yesterday. It proved to be the lower half of a life size figure of very beautiful workmanship, and two columns of finely cut hieroglyphs engraved down e&oh; side of the throne to right and left of the logs of the statue. These inscriptions give the name and titles of an absolutely unknown king, who, judging from the work, must beloug to the Hyksos period, or, at ail events, to ono of the obscure dynasties proceding the Hyksos invasion. I forward a copy of the inscriptions. Ono cartouche contains a sign which is quite new to me, and which I thorefore cannot decipher. The other reads 'Ian- Ba' or 'Ka-ian' —a name unlike auy I h&vo; ever seen. Ho is described, most strangely, as the wor shipper of his Kn (ie.% hiu ghost, or double) . . Since writing the above I have been over to Boul&k;, aud nave shown my copy of the inscriptions to Alimed Komal-ed- De'en Effondi, the Mahometan official attached to the museum. He was deeply interested, and said at ouce, 'That is the Pharaoh of Joseph, All our Arab books o:ill him Reiy;in, tho 6on of El We lid.' He then wrote the nauio for me in Arabic, which I enclose horowith. For my own part I know nothing of Arab literature or Arab tradition. - I should not, however, be disposed to attach much weight to this curious coincidence Still, it is curious, and certainly interesting." Such is M. Neville's account of this remarkable statue, which is now drawing crowds of visitors to Tell Basta, and has just beeu photographed by Emil Brugsob Boy, keeper of the Boulak Museum, and an accomplished photographer. The photograph gives a front view of the inscribed throne with the legs and foot of the statue. It also shows the left thigh, foreshortened And clad In the striped "snenli," or folded kilt. The mutilated fingers of tho left hand are seen vesting on the left koee. The modelling of the knees and legs ts admirable, and the hiero glyphs are brilliantly out, the king, in addition to his cartouchoa, being styled the 4tgood God " and the " Son of Ba." The name, as pointed out by M. Naville, may by read with the syllable uRa" either as a prefix orasufiix, as, for instance, Rameri and Kaenuser may with equal propriety be rendered as Merira and Usorenra. Whether we take it as 41Ian-Ra," or "Ra-ian," tho name of this now King has a strange, barbaric aspect, and looks liko an attempt at writing a foreign name in Egyptian cbaraotors. That it exactly trAuslitoratos the "Er lielyun " of Arab tra dition cannot be donied; but it must be romembered that Oriental tradition is notori ously untrustworthy, and that the Arab name given to Joseph's Pharaoh is evidently an appellative, being preceded, liko that of his father, by tho article. Arab writers of Egyptian history are, in fact, much upon a par with the author of the Arthurian cycle and tho t&leB; of the Paladins of ' Charlemagne. Cradled lu an atmo9pbero of superstition, they boheld all things through a mirage of romance. They regarded tho monuments of ancient Egypt as works of tnsgio, and tho Pharaohs who built them as mighty sorcerers ; and if here and there a thread of genuine local tradition be interwoven with the fabulous tissue of thoir narratives, tho wholo is so cloarly unhistorlcal that we must despair of ever definitely separating the true from the false. Joseph is the beloved bero of a multitude of Arab legends ; and where the Biblioal narrative of his lifo fails to supply any spocial detail, such as a proper name, that detail is unhesi tatingly drawn from puroly Arab sources. Thus Potiphar's wife becomes Zuleika, and tho anonymous Pharaoh is introduced as an Amalekite Prince named Er Reiyun, the son of El Wolfd. That tho strauger hordes which invaded Egypt under tho leadership of the Hyksos may have included au Amalekite contingent is not impossible; for tho Axnale- kitcc cf eld were a mighty imliou, turn their territory bordered upon Egypt. But it we turn to tho pagos of El Mnkrizi — a sober writer, worthy of all credit when dealing with tho topography of Cairoand such other subjects as came within his knowledge and observa tion — wo at once see how little a fairly trust worthy Arab may be trusted when his only sources of information are the legends trans mitted by his own countrymen. Having re lated how tho Amalekitea, led by Welfd, sou of Dumi', invaded Egypt, then ruled by " Aymen of Koos," and slew tho Egyptians " with an exceeding great (daughter," he goes on to say that the followers of Welfd choso him to reign over them, and that his rule lasted for 100 yoars. "And ho wont forth to attain tbo sources of tho Nile, and he beheld the Mountains of the Moon, and he was absent for 40 Years." He then re turned to Egypt, aud again subdned Fharaoh Aymen, who again opposed him. " And I'haraoh Aymen fled, and Welfd reduced the peopjp of Egypt to slavery, and ruled over them for 120 years till he perished. . , . And his eon Er Keiyau, tho son of El Wolfd, the son of Dumi', one of the Amalekites roigned ; and he was ono of the moat powor-' ful ot the people of tho earth in his time, and the greatest King. Now the Amalekites were descondod from Amlit, son of Land (Lad), son of Sam (Shem). son of Nna (Nosh) ; and Er Reiviiu iwkv vr i'haraoh of Joseph, on whom be peace. . . And it is said that tho Pharaoh of Joseph was the grand father of the Pharaoh of Moses, his father's father, and his namo was Bnrkhu; and he was lofty of stature and beautiful of countenance.. And after him reigned his son Ddrimusb, and he is also called Dilriro, son of Er- Roiyun, and he was tho fourth Pharaoh, and Yiisuf (Joseph) was his Khalifa." Brief aB this extract is, it sofficos to show the fanciful character, tho glaring contradictions, and tho utter valuelessness ot Egyptian history when written with the reed pen of the Arab chronicler. The invasion of the Amalokites — based perhaps on somo vague memory of . tho Hyksos conquest — vanishes into the region of fable, and the victorious princes whoso family tree begins with Noah tako tlieir place among the shadowy horoos of tha Thousand and One Nights. That the learned and courteous Ahmed Komal- od-Deen Etleudi (who is, be it observed, the only Oriental Egyptologist in the world, and a good hioroglyphio scholar) should have recog nised the Muslim namo of Reiydn in that of tho unknown Hyksos King ia a pictureaque incident which at once appeals to our imagination, but the doduotion is one which European scholars are bound to receive with extreme reserve. In the meanwhile it must be conceded that the lettcr-for- lotter identity of tho two names is, to say tile least of it, very extraordinary. We must not, howovor, forgot that " Ra- ian " may with equal correctness bo read "Ian-Ra," and " Ian-Ra " ie curiouely like the name of the nyksos "Iannas," or " Janias," who, in a long quotation which professes to be given eerbatim from Manetho by JoBophue (answer to Apion, Book L , section 14), ie said to have roignod for 50 years and one month, and to have been the successor of Apophis and the prede cessor of Aesia It would he unreasonable to doubt that Iannas is as truly an historical per sonage as Apepi ; and it is at least possible that Iannas and Ian-Ra may be one and the same. That Joseph served a Hyksos King has long beon accepted by tbo majority of Egypto logists as a very probable hypothesis, both chronologically and from tho internal evidence of tho Biblical narrative. Other discoveries, soarely less interesting, have rewarded the labors of tho fortunate ex plorers. The fact that the 18th Egyptian dynasty — the famous dynasty of tlio Thothmes and Amenhotep Kings — should have loft no traces of thoir power in the Ereat cities of the Delta, has long been a puzzling prob lem. _ Within the last throe weeks, however, two life-size statues of a scribe of that period have beon fouud. Though otherwise per- feot they are unluckily headless. The Qgures sit cross-legged, eaoh holding a half-unrolled papyrus- scroll upon hie lap, hie name and titles being engraven upon thesorolL From these inscriptions we learn that his namo was Amonhotep, and that he was styled " the Frinoe, the great friend who loves his Lord, the Chief of the Works of bis King and of the Provinces, and of the Marshlands of the North." He woars a loose garment seoured by braces, and on tho brooch-like orna ment which connects the braces, as well as upon his right shouldor, is engraved tho cartouchoof Amenhotop IIL Khuenaten, the diso worship ping Pharaoh, who succeeded Amenhotop IIL, and founded the oity of Tell-el-Amarna, is also represented by a sculptured fragmentcontaining the Bacred oval of Aten-ra, tho deity of the diso. Those objects ar. of great historical moment, iuaBmuoh as they show (1) that the temple of Bast, after being enriohed by tho Hyksos Kings, and before being rebuilt by Rainosos IL, was yot flourishing iu the time of the Restoration ; and (2) that the diso-woi ship promulgated by Khnanaten extended to tho Delta. Till now it has been traoed no furthar northward than Memphis. Among other valuable finds neanng upon tho historical continuity of tho temple may be mentioned a colossal head and torso in red granite, inscribed with the ovals of RsmesoB IL (19th dynasty), and a black granite statue of this king, of heroic size, the striped head dress colored alternately amber and blue, the hands resting on the knees, and bearing tha following inscription : — " As long as tho world shall last, thy monuments will prosper, O, King Rameses." This fine statue is broken in two, but is other wise uninjured. There have also been found (1) a head and torso of a standing king in red granite, probably Rameses VL (20th dynasty) ; (2) a small basalt statue of a Saito priest hear ing the cartouches of Apries, the Biblical Hophra (26th dynasty); (3) a beautiful frag ment of a statueof Neotauubo L (30th dynasty) ; (4) two Greek inscriptions on black granito dedicated to Ptolemy V, and Queen Cleo patra L , by one Apolloniua, eon of Tbeon, who styles himself "ono of tho King's friends thus carrying on the hietory of the temple to the second century ltc. A vory important in scription on a blook bolonging to the festival hall has also turned up, giving tho dnte of tho festival, which, strangely enough, proves to havo been hold in honor of tho Theban god Amen, in the 22nd year of the reign ot Osorkon IL, on "the first day of tho last month of Sba," tho season of inundation. M. Naville writes: — "But what is most extraordinary is tho vast number of colossal statues which must have crowded the temple before tho festival hall wag built, nearly ail such as wero of roil granite having been out up whoiesalo by Osorkon for building blocks. Wo constantly discover passages of the festival inacriptioua on fragments of statues whiob havo boon built into the walls ; and it is not at all unusual to find part of a sacred boat which is being carried in pro- coBsion upon priests' shoulders, on ono side of a blook, and on the other side a head of Ramuses IL — eomotimes defaced, but some times in a fair stato of preservation. So littl. did tho Kings of Egypt respect the images of their predecessors." Such aro somo of tho Bplendid results ot the explorations carried on by SL Naville, assisted, as last year, by Mr. F. Llewel lyn Griffith aud Count d'lfulst, during the last fow wooks at Tell BaBta ; nnd tho soason is not yot over. Who shall Bay what new treasures tho next month may not bring to light, or what new facts conneoted with the obsoure but deeply interesting Hyksos poriod may not be in storo lor us ? Except only the great temple of Tanis, oxoavatod by Marietto some 28 years ago, no Egyptian ruin upon so colossal a scalo has beon systematically ex plored, or has yielded eo rich a harvest. 