Matthew Arnold and American Civilisation* # The article by the late Matthew Arnold .criti cising civilisation in America, yrjxieh appeared in a recent issue of the Nineteenth Cbntuet, naturally provoked a good deal of irritation. As far as suck articles are 'concerned, it is very true that to Americans they will teach, nothing ; while to Englishmen they ct.a only reader a very im perfect kind of satisfaction. The world does not need to pe told that neither English criticisms nor America* vaunting represent exactly the true state of things; nevertheless these articles are always read with avidity, aad if nothing more can be said for tliem, it is undeniable that they j-os-' sees a very keen and peculiar interest. Hitherto the relative merits of England and America have been usually discussed by those least of all qualified to criticise. We have heard Englishmen berate America, and we have heard Americans ridicule England more than enough ; it is not improbable that the views of one who is neither English nor American may be interest ing. It is very painful to a lover of open hearted sincerity that any indirect traits of vanity should even eeem to creep into the records of honestly-expressed thought ; and yet, on the other hand, it is so impossible, without am. un natural restraint upon the freedom of the exponent, to prevent oblique gleams reaching the reader from such circumstances as may have induced him to write. Briefly, then,1 I was born and bred in Australia, and having passed the last three and a-half years in America, natter myself that I have gained at least some correct knowledge of American civilisation. I am also fain to believe since leaning not more to one side than to the other that the subject appears to me as nearly as possible in a fair and impartial light. An Englishman might here protest that, haviag been born and bred in suck an outofthe way corner of the world, I must fee but indifferently imbued with that essential refinement of thought which springs from the classic associa tions of an older civilisation, and, therefore, I Binsfc be incapable of intelligently comprehend ing so vast a subject. To this objection, which affects more er lees all Australians, I have noth ing to say. Simply, I cannot rest satisfied when I find such judgment passed on the United btates by Mr. Arnold, and I wish to go on to examine to inquire into, the raison d'etre or his opinions, and see what they come to. 'Civilisation' s&ys; Arnold, 'really means humanisation of inaq in society; his making progress there towards his true and full humanity. Partial and material achievement is always 'being put forward as civilisation. We hear a nation being called highly civilised by reason of its in dustry, its commerce and wealth, or by reason of its liberty or equality, or by reason of its numer ous churches, schools, libraries, and newspapers. But there is something in human nature, eome instinct of growth, some law of perfection which rebels against this narrow account of the natter. And perhaps what human nature demands in civilisation over and above ail those obvious things which first occur to onr thoughts — what human nature, I say, demands in civilisation, if it is to stand as a high and satisfying civilisation, is font described by the word interesting.' This definition, so far as it goes, is bo apt and so happily expressed that nobody can well take exception to it, because it is not exactly intended to define anything. We shall have to search a little deeper before we can find by what criterion he judges American civilisation aad finds it wanting. ' If,' he continues a little further on, ' we in England were witfeoat tae cathedrals, parish, churches, and castles of the Catholic and feudal a»e, and without the homes of the Elizabethan age, but had osly the towns and buildings which the rise of our middle class has created in the modern age, we should be in much the same ease as the Americans — we should be living with the same absence of training- for the sense of beauty, through the eye, from the aspect of out ward things.' By the aid of this passage we are enabled to gain a, hasty idea of the mean ing Arnold attaches to the word ' interesting-,' and not only this, but we are permitted a short glimpse of the furniture and frame of his mind when he -wrote upan this subject. lie migkt be compared to that unfortunate ego tist, Thomas De Quincey, wh» was so profound a. classic scholar, according to his own frequent assertions, that, judging by his 'Confessions of an English Opium Eater,' which nearly every body reads, he was so taken up with contempla ting and mentally idealising the past, that he seemed to entirely forget the present. To exist in beautiful dreams of the p&stj; at the expense of the present, if it does not always make a man an egotist, it at least makes him selfish and un practical, Isow, I do not remember ever having heard Matthew Arnold accaeed of selfishness — doubtless he led an irreproachable life ; nor am I able to ascertain that he spent too much time in studying the classics, but that his sympathies were bound hand and foot, in a material sense, with an obselete age in his own coumtry's history seems very evident from the passages I have qaoted. Men who do sot, in their sym pathies, keep pace with the times in which they live become in a manner isolated «nd sell opinionated, and are thus forced into narrow and selfish habits of thought. The fundamental distinction, roughly speaking, which Arnold draws between a civilisation that is interesting and one that is not consists in s, col lection of relics from former ages. Grand and beautiful these relics may be, and fraught with the deepest interest ; but nevertheless they are monuments of the darkest and cruelest pages in England's history. The most beautiful flowers always spring from the foulest mould; exces sive beauty is nourished by loathsomeness and decay. The dark ages of history are passed; and looking back, behind every grand monument, we see the hideous ghost of the foul enormities that called it into existence. The world is a better world to-day, and the proof of it is that no such marvels of architecture as of old are being undertaken. We ehenid not regret this loss when we remember that the power that raised a St. Peter's wrought a St. Bartholomew's and created an Inquisition. Guizot, that delight ful and philosophical historian, declares that true civilisation consists in the approach of extremes —the depression of the great and the elevation of the humble — and just in proportion as this distance is lessened does civilisation grow and flourish. Arnold must; have been bap a, poor philosopher, for in this he differs from almost every writer from Gibbon to the present time. Not only in sound philosophy are his opinions at fault, but the article exhibits in places what one would least expect to find — questionable taste. ' Quite apart,' he gays, ' from all question h«w much of the merit of this (American progress) may be due to the wisdom and virtue of the American people, and how much to their good fortune, it is undeniable that their institutions do work well and happily.' There is truly a very broad innu endo here, and the texture of the article is by no meams strengthened when he descends into a vulgar little disquisition upom fruit: 'Do not believe the Americans/' he says, 'when they extol their peaches as equal to any in the world, or better than any in the world ; they are sot to be compared to peackeB grown Tinder glass. Do not believe tkat the American Newtown pippins appear in the New York and Bostom fruit shops as they appear in those of Londom and Liverpool, or that the American hare a pear to give yon like the Marie Lonise.' There is something very paltry and distasteful about the expression of these passages ; they «re*t once arrogant and selfish. ' In England,' says Arnold, ' we find pnr celTds with »n upper class materialised, a middle class vulgarised, and a lower class brfltalised. . ? . . , We have a good deal to learn from them (the Americans) ; we shall find in them also many things to beware of, many points in which it is to be hoped our democracy moyaot be like .theirs. ' As our country becomes tdore democratic, the malady here may no loager Its chat we have an upper class materialised, a middle class vulgarised, and a. lower clasp brutadised. But the predominance of the common and ignoble, bom of the pre dominance of the average man, is a malady too. That the common and ignoble is nature's enemy, that, if true human nature, distinction, and beauty are aeeds, that s. civilisation is insufficient where theEe needs are not satisfied, faulty where they are thwarted, is an instruction of which we, as well as the .American, may greatly require to ia*e rase noiu and not to let go. We may greatly require to keep, as if it were our life, the doctrine that we are failures after all if we cannot eschew vain boasting and vain imaginations, eschew what flatters in us the common and ignoble and approve things that are truly excellent.' All©w ing Arnold every credit for good intention, he makes an aggravating blunder here when he con demns, as he also does in other passages, the average man. Let Arnold seek in his English. 'upper class materialised/' and ha will find there the predominance of the average man, as, indeed, he will also find him in another condition predojainatin? the 'middle class vul garised' and the 'lower class brntalised.' The average man is not by any means incapable of becoming a gentleman as Arnold seems to suppose. On the contrary, instead of teaching him to tacitly, accept hie position as something ignoble and commonplace, it is doubtless the world's first duty to encourage him. If men are to gain dis tinction at all, it is from the average man that they will be distinguished. I think I have now said sufficient to show how much Arnold's judgment was warped by the class of society to which he belonged. £ will now pro ceed to offer some opinions on the most important of his criticisms. ' I suppose,' he says, 'no one knows what the American newspapers are who has not been obliged, for some length of time, to read either those newspapers or nothing at all Powerful sad valuable contributions occur scattered about in them. But npon the whole, and taking the total impression and effect made by them, I should eay that if one were searching for the best means to efface and kill in a whole nation the discipline of respect, the feeling for what is ele vated, one- could not do better than take the American newspapers. The absence of truth and soberness in them, the poverty ix serious interest, the personality and sensation-mongering are beyond belief/' It would be difficult indeed to find stronger or more complete condemnation than this; yet, strong as it is, it scarcely does justice to the case. No man. with an atom of re finement can contemplate the average American newspaper without a disgust complete and un qualified. But Arnold does all decent Americans (and their name is legion) an injustice when he avers that they are proud of these scandalous sheets. I have by no means found that the want of better newspapers 'is graver because it is bo little recognised by the mass of Americans.' Everywhere, on every side, I hear this terrible evil bewailed, and that by all sorts and conditions of men. Therefore, there is hope ; and I have no hesitancy in sayiag that even during- the brief period I have spent in America a change for the better has been distinctly per ceptible in a great number of newspapers. It should not be forgotten that Matthew Arsold came to America as a distinguished Englishman, and that he travelled about the country as such. Now, under such conditions as these, nearly everybody with whom he might associate would foe aware of a certain atmosphere of criticism in his presence; so that Arnold, would be everywhere met with a kind of latent contention, which would be act, very of pea., to find expression in unnatural boastfulness. This very evidently accounts for much of the 'tall talk and. inflated sentiment' that seems to have so disagreeably impressed him. My impression is that Americans do sot brag to each other, nor to the French, nor to the Germans, nor in fact to anybody bat to an Englishman. There is a strong uader-eurrent of deep-rooted antagonism to everything American in the English mind, and this fact is borne out by tke action ef thousands and thousands of Englishmen who spend all their lives in America, and grow rich, but never become citizens. Indeed, this is so stronelv recoeraised to be the case that a movement is bow afoot to induce such British subjects to do their duty by the land they live in and become naturalised. Seeing this strong prejudice on the part of Englishmen, can it fee wondered that Ameri cans become defiant ? One never hears any but an Englishman accuse good Americans of undue boastfulnegs, and I assert it as an observed fact that the most boastful and intolerant of Americana are to he found among those few Englishmen who do become citizens of the United States. 'Or again,' says Arnold, ' far from admitting that their newspapers are a scandal, they assure one another that their newspaper press is one of their most signal distinctions. Far from ad mitting that in literature they have as yet pro duced little that is important, they play at treating American literature as if it wer« a great and independent power, tkey reform the spelling of the English language by the insight of their average man. For every English writer they have an American .writer to match, and him good Americans read. The Western States are at this moment being nourished and formed, we hear, on the novels of a native author named E. P. Roe, instead of those of Scott and Dickens.' I cannot help wondering how Arnold could have been so misinformed as this. I have never once heard an American claim an equal for Dickens or Scott, or, in fact, any English author of consequence. But they are naturally proud of such authors as they have produced. They are proud of Longfellow, Haw thorne, Poe, Emerson, Bryant ; and they have every right to be so. But they never overrate them, unless it be in conversation with an Englishman. The Western States are not being nourished and formed on the novels of Roe. Most certainly Roe finds readers ; but his works are far from being recognised as literary. But the Americans are justly proud of their periodical press ; and in this department it must be admitted they stand unrivalled. . . After justly rebuking an extravagant and vulgar vaunt from the pea of one Colonel Higgin son, a critic of Boston, Arnold takes up the sub ject - of the American accent. ' Far from admitting,' he says, 'that the American accent, as the pressure of the climate and their average man has made it, is a thing to he striven, against, they assure one another that it is the right accent, the standard. English speech of the future. It reminds me of a thing in Smollet's dinner party of authors. Seated by the philoso pher, who is writing a most orthodox refutation of Bolingbroke, but in the meantime has been presented to the Grand Jury as a public nuisance for having blaspemed in an alehouse on the Lord's Day— seated by the philosopher is the Scotchman who is giving lectures on the pronunciation of the English language.' Now this question goes a good deal deeper into philology than merely the doubtful authority of a prevailing dialect; besides, Arnold has here confused two different subjects. It is not so much the accent that the Americans claim to have correctly established as the proper pronunciation of the language. To Americans, pure English as spoken in England is, as it were, nothing more than the prevailing one of many dialects. To one born and educated, in neither England, Ireland, or Scotland, pure English must neces sarily be read and pronounced as it Is written ; there can be no other adequate guide. If an American does not pronounce clerk dark he has a very good reason for not doing so. It is difficult to see in what respect the United States would be benefited by importing English school masters to teach the rising generation the re markable incongruity between English spelling and pronunciation ; nor is it easy to conceive any other practicable method by which the true ac cent might be imparted. Certainly the nasal tone of the New Englander is very unpleasant, as is also the thin, sharp sound givento the letter 'a' all over the States ;but beyond this every- thing is uniform and pleasant enough, and the language is further enriched by German, French, Italian, and Spanish idioms. The Americans do not reform the language 'by the insight of their average man.' Webster and Worcester are the authorities in all cases, and nothing unauthorised by either of these is recognised. One hears a vast deal of bad grammar in America, but he may hear that anywhere. One good strong home thrust does Arnold give when he says: 'But if there be a discipline in which Americans are wanting, it is the disci pline of awe and respect. An austere and intense religion imposed on their Puritan founders the discipline oi respect, and so provided for them the thrill of awe ; but this religion is dying out. The Americans have produced plenty of men, strong, shrewd, upright, able, effective; very few who are highly distinguished. Alexander Hamilton is, indeed, a man of rare distinction ; Washington, though he has not the high mental distinction of a Pericles or Caesar, has true distinction of style and character. But these men belong to the pre American age. Lincoln's recent biographers declare that Washington is but an Englishman, an English officer; the typical American, they say, is Abraham Lincoln. Now, Lincoln is shrewd, sagacious, humorous, honest, courageous, firm; he is a man with qualities deserving the most sincere esteem and praise, but he has not distinction.' This is too sadly the truth of most Americans, and at the root of it lies the almost utter absence of personal dignity. Lincoln, to typify, without possessing contemptuous arrogance of manner, might have been greatly improved by the addition of a little more personal dignity. Perhaps tnere is no part of Arnold's article so galling to Americans as that in which he says : — ' It happened that Sir Lepel Griffin, a very scute and distinguished Indian official, had just then been travelling in the UnitedStates, and had pub lished his opinion from what ne saw of life there, that there is no country calling itself civilised where one would not rather live than in America except Russia.' There would be no sufficient reason to question the acuteness of this distinguished Indian official did not Arnold seem to make this passage the text of his essay. Of rich and idle members of some European aristo cratic families, or of those, the daily business of whose lives requires constant association with the world's highest art, this may be, and probably is, the truth ; but fortunately* the present age does not depend upon the captious patronage of the former for the cultivation «f 'sweetness and light.' To-day art is its own reward. 'There are two kinds of artistic temperament, one belongs to the producer of works of art, the other is simply the aesthetic taste that loves art in an idle, luxurious sort of way without ever being able to contribute more than admiration to it. The one class is dependent for its exist ence upon the other. Now, in Europe, perhaps, owing- to the unequal distribution of wealth, the latter class becomes blase, hypercritical, or what you will, and therefore, throwing matters out of balance, dees very nearly as much harm as good. In Europe the wealthy and idle patron stands highest — art worshipping aspiration. In America it is the man «£ accomplishment. In America aspiration is worshipping an infant art. It is but natural that the native artistic genius should look longingly towards Europe, as the disciple to the master. Matters would be in a very un healthy state if it were not so. But this does not point to America as being a country unht for a gentleman to live in. For my part, whatever advantages life in Europe may offer for the gratification of the artistic senses, as com pared with America and Australia, I would least of all like to live there because I would find be neath tbe shadow of the walls of cathedrals, parish churches, and castles of the Catholic and feudal age, and houses of the Elizabethan age, such squalor and misery as would turn my heart sick with sorrow. Those who can delight to dwell in such a garden of flowers and weeds must have stified a virtue higher than the love of art. So far from America being the last country calling itself civilised, except Bassia, in which one would care to live, I think it it is a land of veritable promise ; it is a land of happiness and liberty ; it is a land where any reasonable man or woman oE culture may live in comfort and refine ment. WALTER E. ADAMS. 