IFootlight Flashes. 11 (Br the 'Spectbe.') Ifow that everyone has deserted Sydney the more enticing haunts of Flemington, show season in town is particularly I and I rearret that more exoiting Iters bavp not fallen to my lot to record i week. 1 have, during1 my long ex ience as a professional spectre, bauited jya show, but I havo rarely, if ever, tt anything more ghastly than the only ulty whioh the week has produced in taey. iJow Mr. ana mrs. uer Jlerrivnlo could stimulate them es up to tho point requisite to writing i a pieci? 'is The Butler, and how Messrs. inoh and Boucicault could bring them resto produco it, passes my compre aion. Of coursn.t.he fact that it was red for over 200 night3 by Toole in ion may ,five had something to-do h it, hut it should always be remem id that a London success does not in libly mean a colonial success, and itralian audiences often show a dis inflation which ia quite foreign to easy ,e London playgoers. B ? ? ' ? if course thoro is a butler in the piece ; eed, it may bfi said that tho whole igis nothing but butler, and around i exaggerated and impossible man rant tho whole action of the play shea, like a merry-go-round which ia rly ran down. Then there is a parvenu for and ?his good lady, both of whom rather puzzled to know how to main i their position ; and there is also a sumptive lord, a buxom cook, and -ral younger people of both sexes, who id most of the time proposing to oIq whom their parents don't want n to havo. An atmosphere of ' mis led lovo and stolen kisses parvades the ilepiec-\ and every scene ia as full of ?making ss a holiday picnic down the bonr. K'sses resound on all sides, and u the butler is not embracing the I;, the mayor's son, Lawrence, is kissing :e Marsh aII ; and when this couple r3 tired nf the amusement, Prank St. i and L-vly A'n Babbicombo take a i at tho fun' St. John, by-the-bye, is individual whose only aim in ia t) loaf round with an ? glass in his eye, and to lan Qy remirk, ' What a strange family is.' When ho gets wearied 'of this he acnces spinning with Lady Ann iicombe, and the young couple seem to I that Sir John Tracey's house haa i specially provided na a place of meet for th'-m. It is rather difficult to lo out Hin plot of The Butler, or to efitaTid why the piece has been ex Id to three act', for the whole of Jever int^n'st there ia in tho plot a at th!- end of the second act, when he yonn? couples, including the butler the cnolt, hnvo got engaged against fishes of their parents. There are too 7 pr--p'i8f-ls, too much talking and ?making in tha piece, and too little in. It is neither a comedy nor a farce, its only claim to merit is that it affords a for ei 'ver character acting by a man Mr. G. W. Anson. * » . ? is fashionable to say that 'if a i males tho audience laugh that 1 that ia required, but thon The Butler picce never raisps even tho ghost of a s, ell thn a misement being caused by 6.W. Anion's grotesque delineation ae titlf r-;lr-, and even Mr. Anson waa rely handicapped with the dead weight p\»y without any dialogue or action ii speaking of Ho is not even a ?r, ao we know them in common life, i bumptious, self-assertive, impossible ?servant, whose only miesion iB to kiss cook in tho passage and to administer mbrocatinn instead of sal volatilo to lonsumpti ve lord. All the other oharac are subsidiary to him, and only become ssary when thpy serve to display the iliar idiosyncracies of the butler. « these circumstances Mr. Anson rves all tho oredit .which can be led upon him for his gallant efforts to fnt the show from becoming a lament failure, and the comparatively favour reception which the piece has met i ia entirely due to his single-handed te, for the only gentleman who might, itho nature of his part, havo helped seamed to havo no conception of the wfflu Via n-nn n*i/?nn\TAii»inr» onnnf T i, of course, Mr. A. T. Hilton, who jled through the character of Sir Jno. ey without showing the slightest iof any intelligent effort to realise the ition of tho authors. I presume Mr. and Mrs. Herman Merri intended Sir Jno. Tracey to be iming and calculating old villain, Mo of the utter baseness of accusing ra ward, a young lady brought up in ouae and treated as a member of his I?, of actually carrying on asecret wnrso with the butler, and of con to effect thoir elopement together. Hilton, however, did not seem to have idea of what the authors meant, for cting conveyed no definite impression Ito the audience. ? ? ? theothercharactersIlikedMiss Emma P, as Alice Marshall, the best, for she idqnite too sweetly fresh and innocent, (ave the audience a representation of red innocence whioh would have been effectivo had Mr. Hilton only provided necessary counter part of villainy, i Annie Taylor dropped her h.'s very '? as Lady Tracey, and otherwise ^4 parvenu vulgarity to perfection, Misb Bessie. Major, as tho cook, was Wr, and forty, and a' most enticing \- Mr. Robert Inman is a good aotor w mantelpiece school, and therefore he 5®ite suited as Lawrence Tracey, and Uiarlea Brown coughed whenever it Jwctsary to keep up hia reputation as » .# # wonderful success whioh the Lights ?Won .has achieved at Her Majesty's we, both on the occasion of its pre ! Production and during the last week, ways been a puzzle to me, for I 'could boo what there was either in jwo or tho manner of its production t for its popularity. It is certainly ^ melodrama, but even with Geo. aid 200 tons of water thrown in, l j?nothing in the play to justify the lie £ ffladdened craving whioh the ® havo lately, according to the Jn'^&oticoB.shownforits; production, '^'jnding the foot that it is only j??11'™ since it ran for ten weeks at jt^fy's, the populace began to howl iJs4®' a week or two ago, and a request waa made for its revival writ ron a week the manage ment, Indofor anoe'-.toi pd^ulat feeUug.had to postpone tho production o! The Rajahi for another week. Certainly the public have not backed up their requests by going inside the theatre to any very great extant, but in spite of .this the management must feel very gratified at the moral support whioh haa been ten dered them in their efforts to enlighten the people of Sydney. I have heard an ill-natured rumour going around town to the effeot that the prodnotion of The Rajah had to be postponed because one of the leading characters waa unable to learn his part, but thia -xumour, I am assured on the best authority, ia quite untrue, aa_ it waa solely in deference to 'popular opinion that the programme was alterod. I am looking forward anxiously to the advent of The Rajah, who is positively to arrive on Saturday next, as the comedy ia highly spoken of, and furthermore playgoers will gladly welcome the re-appearance of thtf over-charming Kate Bishop aa the leading lady in the piece. ^ ^ That combination of red-shirted miners and stage coaches, fire- arms, and ' bowie kniveB, known as The Miner's Daughter is doomed to pass away from the stage of the Boyal at the end of the week, and Miss Carrie Swain's delightful picture of Mab will soon be a thing of the past, as far as Sydney, at least, ia concerned. For the man who loves gore and slaughter, and dolighta in the indiscriminate dis charge of pistols, I do not know anything better than a good course of Miner's Daughter, and I shou'd recom mend such persons to make the most of the little time yet remaining, and to drop in regularly at the Boyal about 9.45 p.m. There is some slight consolation in the fact that the Miner's Daughter is to be succeeded on Saturday by Uncle Tom's Cabin, in which Mies Swain will figure prominently as Topsy. « . * ? Notwithstanding the competition from the rival show across the street nothing seems to check the tide of Mr. Frank Smith's aucoess at the Alhambra, and on looking in laat night I received unmis takable ocular evidence of the fact that the new programme which forms the feature of Monday night's show is just as attractive as ever. Novel ties are always being snapped up by Mr. Smith, and amongst the latest which he has laid hia hand on is the ' Happy Pair,' consisting of Maggie Oakes ana Harry Dave re, who gives a clever American sketch called ' The Long and the Short of it,' introducing a trained dog, ' Dick.' . ? ? .Tnoh ostrAaa fho vnv frnm thn Alh&mbra; is the New Hay market Music Hall, which has entered into spirited competition with the older-established house, and here the great attraction is the clever Faust Family, whose white marble statuary is a beautiful piece of artistic poSing. Martyn Hagan is also very much present with a topical political song, ' When I am Made M.P.,' and the French clowns with violins are really clever musicians. There is so much that is good in this show that I cannot at present mention one half of the performers, and I will have to leave the rest for another time. ? # * The St. George's Theatre at Newtown seems to be steadily gaining in publio favour, and this would seem to indicato that if a good show is provided in the suburbs, the local residents will patronise it rather than make a long journey to town. Tho legitimate has been abandoned | for the nonce at this house, and on Satur day the St. George's Minstrels took pos session. The company includes Horace Bent, Chaa. Holly, Harry Carroll, and many othor well-known performers, both male and female. ? ? ? It seems that even in these days of droughts and strikes there are some com panies which can always do well up country, and to judge from the smilingfaces of the members of Dan Barry's crowd, who are now in town, they must have had a particularly good time in the .Western District, from whence they only returned a few days ago, Frank BeverleyiB beaming about town like a glorified angel, and Barry himself is full of wonderful yarns about the way in which his show was rushed at every town he visited. There is no r^st, however, for the weary, and thus tho company are off again to-morrow, this time to eleotrify the people _ in the Northern District, Tamworth being the first stopping place. George Dean iB back in Sydney, having just concluded his engagement with the Hiscock-Friedman combination, of which ho has had the safe conduct in Victoria. He talks of going North if nothing suitable turns up in Sydney. 