ESSENCE OE THINGS, BRITISH AJSB rOBEIGET. Italy has annexed the Abyssinian town of Zulla. By a fire in the Bowery, New York, on Sat urday 20 persons were killed. Seven volunteers were drowned in camp at Cardiff last week. Mr. Frank H. Bill, chief editor of London Daily News, died last week aged 58. The Panama lottery scheme is to remain | open till 1890. . There ure now 10,000 navvies on strike in Paris. Germany has extended its protection to Pleasant Island in the Marshall Group. The Zulu rebels are dispersing and Dini zulu is likely to be caught soon. The Brazilian Emperor aud Empress were to leave Bordeaux for their own dominions in July., Sir Augustus Puget and Sir Edward Malet (Ambassador to Germany) are to be among the first life peers. London prices on Saturday were—Aus tralian wheat, S6s.; Australian tin, £89; Chili copper, £81 10s.; mutton tailow, 25s. The London Weekly Citizen says Lord Carrington will leave New South Wales before the end of this year. The British Postmaster-General declines to alter the days of departure of mail steamers from Adelaide. Forger Grant has been sent to an English gaol for five years for making free with Mr. Barr Smith's name. Bishop Moore, of Ballarat, brings out with him in October many Sisters of Nazareth and Fathers of the Holy Ghost. Sir F. Dillon Bell, on behalf of New Zealand, has gone to Germany to study the treatment of refractory ores. The British Government are vigorously protesting against the American seizure of sealers in Behring's Straits. Lord Falmouth's Bada won the Goodwood Cup last week. In 1887 the winner was Seville. France now admits Italian claims at Mas sowah, but is wrath because of Premier Crispi's recent circular. Mr. Alfred Chicbele Plowden succeeds Mr. John Smith Mansfield as police magistrate at Great Marlborough street Court, London. Somkeli, a Zulu leader, feeling that Britain is too strong for liim, has surrendered fol lowers guilty of robbery and murder. Messengers have brought news to Zanzibar that Euiin Pacha was hard pressed by Mahdi men in April last. Mr. J. Tresidder, who died in England in June at the age of 102, is supposed to have been the -eldest Freemason in Europe. Mr. Labouchere sought to have -the Times indicted for -breach of privilege because it aocused the Parnellitea ef lying. Mr. C. Tupper—son -of Sir Charles Tupper —is the new Minister of Murine and Fisheries in Canadian Dominion Government. The Bishop of Peterborough (Dr. Magee) heartily wishes that the Church could do without bazaars aud fancy-fairs. Sir G. Campbell, M.P., asked many - -questions in the Commons yesterday con cerning the Chinese Bill of Sir Henry Parkes, This week, in a match with Neat, scores were : -Australia, 116 and 152 j Kent, 107 and 80. General Phil Sheridan—Commander-in-' Chief of United States army"-died this week j aged 57. He was educated as a soldier aud earned high reputation as a cavalry officer. The Government have introduced clauses compelling the attendance and evidence of witnesses in connection, with -the forged Paraell letters. Bear Admiral Tryon, in command of the attacking squadron on the -north of Scotland, claims to have eluded the defeuce and destroyed much shipping and many ports. j Mr. H. T. Austruthers, M.P., aud Lord j Wolmer, M.P. (William Watdegrave, eldest son of Lord Selborue and son-in-law of Lord Salisbury), are Liberal-Unionist whips. J Chinese returned from Australia threatened I to pull down -the China Navigation Company's office in Hongkong, but were dispersed by the .police. In the match with a combined eleven at ! Hastings last week scores were—Australia, >168 j England, 53 and 88. Turner took 17 wickets for 50 runs. Part of Stromboli—one of the cluster of volcanic Lipari Islands 24 miles north of Sicily—was upheaved last week, -many lives beiug lost and much property destroyed. Pan-Anglican Conference decides not to - recognise divorce except for adultery and eveu then refuses to re-marry any but the aggrieved persons. Mr. Paraell says although the Irish party will approach-the Judicial Commission with a rankiiug sense of injustice he is sure they will emerge triumphantly. Captain Prince Louis of Batteuberg, B.N., was nearly killed by an accident on board the Dreadnought at Malta in June. The steam picket boat, worth 6700, was destroyed. Mr. Thomas Miles, a blind solicitor of •Leicester, has been ruined by his confidential clerk Murden, who stole £2<J,0u0 and hanged himself in gaol. Wickfield and Heep 1 On June 30 Lady Magheramorne laid the foundation-stone of a parish-church at Horn sey, Loudon. Will cost £12,000 aud hold 1260 persons. The rivers Tornea and Munio—which by 1 treaty in 1810 were made the boundary between Finland and Sweden—have since changed their -course, and a Busso- Swedish commission is -appointed to mend matters. Sir W. C. Sargeant. K.C.M.G.-—who till i the beginning of this year acted with Captain I M. F. Ommanuey, C.M.G., and Mr. J£. E. Blake as Crown Agent for the colonies—died -last week aged 58. The collapse of a pillar did serious damage - last week to Seville Cathedral, which is the largest and grandest in Spain. It is in Gothic style and was built in the fifteenth century ou the site of a moorish mosque demolished . -in 1401. Adolphe de Bausset, an enthusiastic French scientist, is constructing a cylindrical ship of thin steel—644ft loug and 1-44& -diameter— for the purpose of air-voyaging. His own Government and the United States are helping. Dr. William Stufabs, 32nd Bishop of Chester—born 1825, ordained priest 1850 by the then Bishop of Oxford -and consecrated 1884—succeeds Dr. Mackaruess at Oxford. Bishop Barry, of Sydney, is likely to go to Chester. Lord Hartingten, -referring to Mr. Glad stone's speech on the reeent vote of condolence, said, " We -thank him for the eloquent ex pression be has given to the thoughts and sentiments that prevail in -every part of the House, no matter where we m^y happen to ait." (Cheers). 