An Impending Doom. CHAPTER V.— fConttnttaf.) "Layhor upon it ami rcutoro lior ot onco," the rector said, very glad of tbeintorrupiion. "Here, Humphreys, this side. Gently, my men— gontly. Be very careful on tho way." Tlio two men placed tho seemingly lifeless form of Zenith on tbestrotcher, and bore her carefully away. The daughter, Zara, followed, her eyes never quitting that rigid face. " She will not lire until to-morrow morning," the rector said.. "And it is hotter bo, poor soul. Sho is evi dently hopelessly insane." "And tho daughtor oppoars but little better. By tho way, air. Groon, Lady Kingsland desires me to fetch you back to dinner." Tho rector bowed. " Ucr ladyship i a very good. Has your carriage gone ? 1 will order out the pouy phaeton, if you like." Tin minutes later, the two gentle men vroro bowling along tho ploasant country rood loading to tho Court. It was a rory silent driyo, for tho baronet sat moodily staring at vacancy, his hat pulled over his brow, lus mouth set in bard, wordloaa pain. " They will tell Olivia," ho waa Dunking gloomily. 11 What will sho say l i;ll ifis." Hut his fear seemed groundless. I .ady Kingsland treated too matter with cool mdiffercnco. To bo sure, sho had not quito heard all. A mad woman had burst into the church, hod terrified Lady Ilclen pretty nearly to death with ncr crazy language, nnd had tried to tear away tho b.abv. That was tho discreet Btory my lady heard, and which sho was disposed to treat w ith calm surpriso. Baby was safe, and it had ended in nothing. Tho ' mad woman was being properly carod for. Lady Kingsland quietly dis missed tho littlo incident altogether before tho end of dinner. The hours of tho ovening wore on — very long hours to tho lord of Kings- land Court, scatod at tho head of his table, dispensing Lis hospitalities and trying to listen to tho long stories of Mr. Carlyon and the rector. It was worse in tho drawing-room, with tho lights, and tho music, and his stately wife at tho piano, and Lady Holen at his sido, prattling with littlo Mildrod over a pilo of engrav ings. All tho timo, in a halt-dis tracted sort of way, his thoughts were wandering to the sexton's cottago and tho woman dying therein — tho woman bo had thought dead years ago- dying there in dosolation and misery— and licro the hours seemed strung on roses. And onco ho hod loved Zenith! It waa all over at last. Tho guoats were gono, tho baby baronet slopt in his crib, and Lady Kingsland bad gono to her chamber. But Sir Jasper lin gered still, wandering up anu down tho long drawing-room liko a restless ghost. A fcwcot-voiccd clock on tho mantol chiuitd twelve. Kro its last chimo had sounded, a sleepy valet stood in the doorway. "A messenger for you, Sir Jasper —cent by tbo Hor. Mr. Green. Here, come in. ' Thus invoked, Mr. Dawson entered, pulliog his forelock. " Turson, bo sent me, zur. Sho be a-dojing— sho be." lie knew instantly who the man meant. lie had expected and waited for this. " And sho wishes to sco mo ?' " She calls for you all the time, zur. Sho be a-doying uncommon hard. Par- eon lid mo come and toll 'ce." " Very woll, my man," tho baronet said. "That will do. I will go at onco. Thomas, order my bono, and fetch my riding-cloak and gloves." Tho volet stared in astonishment, but went to obey. It was aomothing altogether without precedent, this queer proceeding on tho part of his master; and, takon in connection with that other odd event :n church, lookod remarkably suspicious. Tho night was dark and starless, and tho wind blow raw and bleak, as tho baronet dashed down tho avonuo and out into tho highroad. Ifo almost wondered at himself for complying with tho dyiDg woman's desiro, but somo inward impulse quite beyond his control scomcd driving him on. Ho rodo rapidly, and a quarter of on hour brought him to the sexton's cot tago. A feeble light glimmered from the window out into the pitch-blocknoss of tho night. A moment later and he stood within, in tho presenco of tho dying. The Rev. Cyrus Green sat by tho table, a Biblo in his hand. Knooling by the bedside, hor faco ghostly white, bcr burning block eyes dry and tear less, was tho young woman. And liko & dead woman already, stretched on tbe bed, lay Zenith. But sho was not dead. At tho sound of tbo opening door, at tho sound of bis entrance, sho opened bcr eyes, dulling fast in death, and Dxod them with & hungry glare on Sir Jasper. "I know you woahl comoi" sho mud, in a husky whisper. " Yoa daro not stay away ! Too spirit of tho dying Zenith droie you hero in Bpito of Joiuvclf. Come scorer— nearer ! Sir aapcr Kingsland, don't hover aloof. Once joq could novcr bo near enough. Ab, I was young and fair then 1 Pra old and ugly now. Come nearer, for , I cannot speak aloud, and listen. Do you know why I havo sent for you?" Ho had approached tho bodsido. 6 be caught his hand and held it in a 1 vicc-liko clutch, hcrfierco eyes burn ing upon l>ia faco. M Io," ho said, recoiling. " To give you my dying malediction — 1o curse you, with my latest breath ! I hate Sir Jasper Kings- land, falsest of all mankind ; aud if the dead can return and torment the living, then do you beware of mo '' Sbo spoko in panting gasps, tbe dealh-rattlo sounding in her skinny throat. Shocked and scandalised, tho rvctor interposed : " good woman, don't ! For pity's sake, don't say such horrible things ! " But sho never heeded him. Tbe glazing oyes glared with tigerish hato upon the man besido hor, even through the films of death. " I hato you ! " sho said, with a lost effort. "1 dio hating you, and I curso you with a dying woman's curso! May your life bo a lifo of torment, and misery, and remorse l May your sou's life bo blighted and ruined l May he become an outcast among men! May sin and uhamo follow him for ever, and all of his abhorrod race ! " llcr voice died away. Sho glared helplessly up from tbo pillow, uuablo to speak. A deep, storn, torriblo " Amen !" camo from her daughter's lips; then, with a spasm, sho half leaped from tho bed, and fell back with o guigling cry— dead ! " She is gone," said tbo rector, with a shudder. " Heaven have mercy on her sinful soul !" The baronet staggered back from tho bed, his face utterly livid. " I never saw a more horrible sight!" continued the Rev. Cyrus. " i never heard such horriblo words ! No wonder it has unmanned you, Sir Jasper. 1'rcy sit down -and drink this." Ho held out a glass ot wator. Sir Jasper seized and drank it, his brain reding, for a moment or tnro quito unnblu to stand. With stoical calm, Zara had arisen and closed tho dead woman's oyes, folded tho hands, straightenod the stiffening limbs, and composed tho liumblo covering. Sho shoa no toara, tho uttered no cry ; bcr faco was stem as stooe. " Better stay in this ghastly place no longer, Sir Jaspor," tho rector suggested. " You look completely orcicoinc. I will sco that ororything is properly done. Wo will bury her As a man walks in a dreadful dream, Sir Jasper arose, quitted the room, mounted his horse, and rodo an ay. Duo dark, menacing glanco Zara shot after him ; then sho sat stonily down by her dead. All tbat night, all next day, Zara kept her post, neither eating, drinking, nor alocpiug. Dry and tearless, tho burning black eyes fixed themselves on tho doad face, and neTcr left it. When they put tbo dead woman in tho rudo boara coffin, sho offorcd no resistance. Calmly sho watched thorn f crew tho lid down; calmly sho saw them raise it on their shoulders and bear it away. Without a word or tear she arose, folded her cloak about Ucr, and followed them to tho churchyard. It was late in tho afternoon when tho interment was over— a bleak and gusty afternoon. A sky of lead hung low over a black earth, and tho chill blasts shuddered ghostly through tho trees. Ono by ono tbo stragglers departed, and Zara was left alone by tho now made gravo. No, not quito alono ; for through tho bleak twilight flut tered the tall, dark figure or a man towards her. Sho lifted her gloomy eyes, and recognised him. " You come, Sir Jasper Kingsland, " &ho; said, slowly, " to teo the last of your work. You coino to gloat over your dead victim, and exult that sho is out of your way. But I tell you to beware ! Zenith in her gravo will bo a thousand times more tcmblo to you than Zenith ever was alive." The baronet looked at her with a doubly-troubled face. "Why do you hato mo so?" ho paid. " Whatever wrong i did her, I never wronged you." " You have dono mo deadly wrong. My mother's wrongs aro taino, and hero by her gravo I vow vengcanco on you and yours. Her dying legacy to me was her hatred of you, and I will pay the old debt with uoublo interest, my noble, haughty, titled father." she turned, with tho last words and sped away liko an ovil spirit vauUbing in tuo gloom among tho giavcp. 