The Shadow. , ' I like the location,' said Miss Patty Lockland. ' Do« licious sea-air, fine view, and a bathing-house attached t« the premises. To be sure the house is small, but then the rent is proportionally low. The furniture is old- fashioned and scanty, but that makes no very great difference to me. I can easily hire what I want from Sibbesport. Girls, what do you think ?' Lucy Barr, Miss Lockland's eldest niece, hesitated a little. ' Isn't it rather dull, Aunt Patty ?' ' Can't expect high carnival in the country, my dear. We came here for Dotty's health, not for society.'' Dotty herself — ' short' for Dorothy — clung close to Aunt Patty's arm. ' Don't you think the sea makes an awful roaring, Aunt Patty V' whispered she. ' It's the nature of the sea, my dear. Here, you fellow with the key,' to a stunted, stout-built man who was attending the party over the premises, 'you may tell the agent I'll take the place for one year.' ' Well, ma'am, just as you please,' said Milo Renney, twisting his head mysteriously around. 'But it ain't every one as would care to take Shore Cottage.' ' Why not ?' sharply demanded Miss Lockland. Renney twisted his head still more solemnly. ' I'm a poor, seafaring man, ma'am, with my livin' to get,' said he, 'and it ain't for me to be a runnin' down other folk's property. But the truth is the truth, and I ain't one to see folks imposed upon. No, that I ain't.' ' Alan alive ! why don't you speak out and havo done with it said Miss Lockland. 'What ails the property? Cellar damp?' 'No'm. 'Taint that.' ' Roof ieakv ?' ' Pretty tofable sound, so far's I know,' grunted llenney. ' Then what is there against the house ?' ' Haunted, ma'am !' said the sailor, dropping his voice to a sepulchral cadence. ' Fiddle sticks !' shrieked Miss Lockland. ' Do you take ma for a baby or a nursery-maid V' ' Every one' 11 tell you the same story, ma'am,' doggedly persisted Milo. ' The man as built the cottage had two wives, savin' tho young ladies' presence, ma'am. One of 'em he kept hero and t'other one lived in great style in the city. And the one as lived here died awful sudden. Folks says she was poisoned. They buried her down in the cemetery bevond them everaroens — and rVip vpaIItb av»i-v night.' ' Walks, does she?' said Miss Lockland. ' I'll make her walk livelier than ever she did before if I come across one of her promenades.' 'Ah, bu'. you never seen a ghost, ma'am.' 'Did you?' demanded Miss Lock land, turning sharply upon him. 'Many a time, ma'um, at the full of the moon, when I've been coming in with my fishing-smack, fiutterin' past the empty windows, ma'am, till it made my blood ran cold.' ' Then you haven't the common sense I gave you credit frtr ' fefiid jVfico 7 An/4 T ina nnlir n--. has seen the White Shadow, ma'am. There's old Ned Stapleton, ma'am ? ' 'There, there,' said Miss Lock land, imperatively silencing him. 'My girls' eyvs ate twice their regulation size already. Tell the agent exactly what I said— that I'll take Shore Cottage for a year. As for the ghosts, they turn out when I turn in, or I'll know the reason why. And there's one indisputable advantage in ghosts — they make rent cheap.' And accordingly, just one week from that bright September afternoon, 51 iss* Patty Lockland sat knitting by the twilight fire in the low-ccilei drawing-room of Shore Cottage, whose windows looked out upon the trembling waves, with a red descent moon hanging low in the horizon. ' This is what I call snug,' said Miss Patty, aa Nora, the red- armed maid-of-all-work, brought in tlio tea-tray. 'Do you think so, Aunt?' said Dotty, shivering a little. ' What a strange noise that is ! I'm sure some oae is tapping at the window.' It's only the trails of ivy grow ing around that north casement, my dear,' said Aunt Patty, calmly. '1 must triiu it to- morrow a little. It's picturesque, but inconvenient.' ?' l'laae, nm'aia,' said Nora, edging up closer to the table and the firelight, ' is it truo about the ghosts r' ' It's only a pack of nonsense, Nora,' said Miss Lockland, 'and you're a goose for listen ing to it.' 'But that was dreadful noises ubout the place last night, mem,' persisted Nora. ' Shutters creaking and old ltenney's do^s barking— that's all,' said Miss Lock land. ' Aunt Patty,' cried Lucy, 'what is that white thing down under the hill? It looks like an arm beckoning!' ' Mist, my dear, rising out of the valley.' ' No, but tho other white thing. Look ! look! it's muving !' Nora uttered an eldritch howl and got bc-hind her mis tress. Lncy and Dotty clung close together. ' You geese !' cned Aunt l'otty, with a contagious peal of laughter, ' it's old Henney's white cow coming home to bo milked. Look for yourselves if you don't believe it.' '? lie the bones of the howly St. Patrick, it'B that and nothing more !' said Nora. And she wont back to her kitchen with renewed courage, while Lucy and Dotty coniesst-d how foolishly credulous they had been. ' Or course there are no such things as real ghosts,' said Lucy. ' But a person can't help being nervous,' said Dotty. ' You never would have thought of the thing if it hadn't been for old Renney,' said Aunt = Patty. ' I wish he had held his ridiculous tongue But in the middle of the night Aunt Patty herself was roused by a sound tbat was neither creaking shutters, tap ping ivy, nor mice scuttling across the floor before the ru»h of somo avenging cat. ' It's just like an iron chain rattling in the hall beyond,' said Aunt Patty, sitting up iu bed, and turning back tho frill of her nightcap from her ear, iu older that she might the better listen. ' There it goes again. I must look into this business.' To spring out of bed and light her night-lamp was tbe work of but one sei-i.-nd— to wrap herself in the folds or a voluminous gray lianuel dressing-gown was another ; and Miss Looklai.d buiuiced out into tho hall. As she opened the -ioor tho draught blew out the light ; but by the starlight she could see, ut the other end of the entry, a tall white figure slowly ad vancing toward her. *? Who are you?' valorously demanded Aunt Patty. And a dismal groan replied. ' What kind of an answer is that?' cried Miss Patty. Bnt only a second groan could she elicit. 'Come!' said Aunt Patty, 'I mean to be at the bottom of this thing.' And instead of retreating in a paroxysm of blind terror, as the sepulchral visitant evidently expeclcd she would do, the resolute spinster marched straight up to it, seized it by the shoulders, aud shook it until its teeth rattled in its head equal to the iruu chain. ' Don't, e-e, now ! Let a fellow alone !' roared the ghost, in vain endeavouring to wriggle out of MisB Patty's iron gra^p. ' I know you !' eaid Miss l'atty, knocking oii- the white wig with a deft motion of her left etbow. ' i ' vo seen that red shock of hair before ! Yo.u're Milo Renney's oldest hoy.' 'Lemrne go!' sullenly snarled tho lad. ' Not until you tell me what all this masquerading non sense is for.' ' It was dad,' reluctantly confessed the hoy. ' He made mo ! He didn't want the Shore Cottage to be let.' ' And why not ? No — you needn't squirm abont— you can't get away. Why not ? 1 say, unless you prefer answering be fore a magistrate.' ; ' Because,' whined the boy, 'tho cellar was handy to store away the whisky and tobacco the Lovely Nancy brought every three weeks. ' And dad he has a part share in the smngglin' business, and the ghost was the only thing to keep the folkB away. Now, come ! Lcmme go, 1 say!' ' Yes, I'll let you go for to-night,' raid Aunt Patty. ' But this isn't the end of the affair by any means.' ' You wouldn't be so hard on £oor folks as to complain on ns !' cried the boy. ' Dad'll most murder me, any way.' ' I'll do precisely as 1 please,' said Miss Lockland. The next day she walked down to Milo Renney's fishing cabin, and had 8 long talk with him, the upshot of which was that the ghost of Shore Cottage was finally exorcised. ' No more mysterious sights and sonnds disturbed the dwellers beneath its peaceful roof. Even Nora began to go up and down the iong entries at twilight without a lamp, and Dotty's roses came back once more, while Lucy laughed at her former fear. But Aunt Lockland and Milo Renney kept their secret. The smuggling business had come to an untimely end, and the white shadow had vanished for ever« more. — A'ew I'orkXe w*- 