TALES AND SKETCHES. Tliu Hovior'A lixiivi'liiieii, I wns making a collection of Bra zilian beetle, and nftor a ton nrdimt pnrHjit of those rainbow-tinted fascina tors Ixuieath a fervent sun, J found my self at dusk lionr 11 poor little village which boasted of one dreary-looking inn. I was alarmed to feel n strango chill creeping over mo, alternated with liory Hushes and a crashing pain through tho hnck of my head, with darting thrills along tho Bpine. Visions of malarial- fever, typhus and its horrible kin began to torture my aching brain. Sickness in such a place hundreds of miles from a friend ; sick ness among strangers, comfortless, loveless 1 How it nppnllcd nut I To be sure, I spoko their language, as Spanish had keen modo n speciality in my education, and I bad spent two years in South America before my onthu- sinsm ns a naturalist had led mo oiT hunting for senrnboes in Brazil. I passed under tho low portals of tho littlo inu slowly cuough. 1 had just strength to ask ; 41 What do you call your town ?" 14 Viliarica, sonor !" said the host, who wns not quito so villianunus-look- ing os ho might have hcon. "Province of Minnsseracs." " Ah, 1 Imvo novor heard of it I" 44 Yet it is remarkable," nnswored ho, rubbing his hands. " What will the sonor tuko?" " A bed and a doctor," I answered, with n groan, and then I suppose 1 staggered down and fainted away, fur when I opened my oyes again, I wns lying on tho bed, and tho doctor stood over me. But 1 sroined to slip away from him eouiehow, nnd then followed a season of stangu experiences. I suffered unknown horrors I Tho 8carabees that I had hunted hunted me. Ono I rotnembor particularly, magnified into tbo size of on elephant, with shining coat-of-innil resplendent with color, burnished as a gom, Tho malignity of that fellow's oyo I fllmll never forgot, lie scorned to bo rovenging on mo tho injuries of all bis rnco sacrificed to adorn tho neck of beauty, or display their colors in a naturalist's collection, lie tossed mo about Hko a football. He rolled me down steep cliffs, covered me with prickly cacti ; ho plunged me in slimy murshes, and when 1 wan picked up Hhivering 1 wns pinioned on a rock, nnd loft to Irnke in a torrid suti till my flesh shriveled and uiy tonguo erneked with thirst. But why dwell on tho torturo of those weeks ? I havo lived through tliom, and forgive Mr. Senrnbeo Ids short tri umph, for I havo him safo, pasted fast to n card. 1 look at his oyo through a magnifying glnRS sometimes, and imagine I seo some of tho old venom. The convalesconco, tho timo so charm ing to those who uro surrounded by friends, was terriblo to me. No visits 1 No fruit and flowors sent by loving hands 1 No books 1 Tho host brought mo what ho could find. 1 oven rend old nowspapor nri- vortisonionts, and I can any no more than that ! Ono day ho camo in with an old vol- low mnniiBciipt, 44 Hore is soiiiotlung curious," ho snid. 44 It may atmiBo tho senor for an hour. 1 told tho sonor that Viliarica was re- markablo Tor something, And this is the logend. It was left horo by a de scendant of tbo voritnblo Ur. Lorenzo Curmo, nnd tboro is tulle of presorving it on parchment among tho state papers of tho town, iu an abridged form." 1 seized the musty- look ing roll with avidity, nnd drow my stuffed armchair to tho window. The story had been hnndlod in quite too romantic n stylo over to find n place in tho archives of tho town. Some ono with a flavor of romnnco bad given it n coloring. , "Dolores! W hero is the girl ? Sho moons nnd mopos moro than over 1 Dolores! Couio, I sayl If you can not get that rascally lovor out of your head, you must got youraolf out ot My house, for it's mnro than human nnturo can enduro ! Two plates broken yes terday, and now tho bcof scorohod while you aro dreaming of that birgand. A good oscnpo for you whon his bend drops. A pretty lifo you would havo lod as his ' wife; but girls will bo fools! You'd rather bo cuffed and thrashed by him, I supposo, than livo at enso hero with uovor a cross word. Ctwrumha ! women oro a puzzlo !" It was a woman, novcrtholess, who made this comment on her box ; a shriveled, yellow- skinned old woman, with n dingy enshmoro shawl thrown about her, and a faded silk dtcss, show ing former grandeur. Ilnr oyes woro sternly fixed on tho eyos, soft as velvet, but now swimming in tears — tenrs sho vainly tried to repress. Nor if her grief wns too obtrusive, lies might loso tho pittance sho earned, and even tho grudged morsel of broad. 44 Hero you aro living at your ease, ono might say ; nothing to do hut to wait on mo, and tho saints know I'm not hard to pleasol Quick ! another bit of beef on tho fire, aud if you hum it, not a moraol of suppor do you get, hussy ! Thero is my son/' Dolores vmiinlied, but not beforo she had scou tho young man enter in a strnngo disorder. Ilis faco was palo, his oyos dilated, and his lips sccinol unable to articuluto a word. " Why, Carlo, what is it » You look as if vou had seen a ghost !" Do! ires was in tho next room now, but the lionr was opou, nnd sho beard the noxt words distinctly : 44 1 have-— I havo seen .Tnques San tiago ! " A strango exclamation from tho mother. 44 Whnt ! tho man who shot your father— who was bohvndod for it I Im- posiblo ! It wns noma resemblance." 44 Ah, it scouts thero is nothing im- possihlo now, mamma," said tho yomtg man, with a scornful surensm in his voico. 44 1 am told that Ihoro is a doctor who can client .fusticn of her victim, and even Death shrinks away from his science. Terrified at tho sight of my father's murdoror, who disappeared boforo I could smzo him and cry out, 1 stnggcred nnd fell insensible. 1 was carried into a chemist's, and when re covered 1 told my story. 4 Imagina tion ! ' cried they all. But tho chemist gravely shook ins bead, 4 Iluvo you hoard of Dr. Lorenzo Carmo?1 he asked. Somo had heard of him ; and thou tho chemist divulged what ho knew. It seems that this famous doctor in well known to suvnns for his romarkable work on electricity applied to physiology, his surgical skill, nud his sihtohs in nutopiiislie operations. There is n rumor that ho lias somutimes obtained permission to experiment on tho power of electricity and illuatrnto its analogy with some of thn phenomena of life in tho enso of a criminal beheaded." 44 Good i leaven I " cried tho mother, 44 ho ought to lie strangled himself. Whnt I give back a criminnlto tho world ogtin i Ugh! you Imvo taken my nppctito awny, Carlo I " Doloros'listened engorly 1 Tho tears were quenched in her beauti ful eyes, nlid sho |uuu!orod over whnt she had heard, repeating softly now nnd thou tho name, 14 l)r, Lorenzo Carmo." If this great doctor could help her, sho might yot hope, nnd, oh! how eagerly does poor human nnturo grnsp nt the shndow of n liopo I Since tho day her lover hnd been «en- tcuced sho had neither slept nor ate, SI10 did not buliovo him guilty of tho crime, but guilty or not, her love wns the sumo. That night, when the said mistress believed her to bo sleeping, Dolores softly let herself out of the house. It wns not very late, hut sho tremblod with fear when sho found horsolf alono in tho streo».s. SI10 know not iu what direction to walk, whom to ask ; but lovo gnvo her courage. llerhonrt bent tumulluously as any ono drow uenr. It wna unusual, un known, forn young woman to venture out in urn Janeiro alone. Sho could not no- cost a passer-by, but tho lights of an apothecary's shop nrreeted her. Ah, this, indued, was a most likely place! Aud it so happened that she found herself near tho house of tho famous doctor. Bho escaped from tho prying oyes of tho apothecary as soon ns possible, nud gained tho shadow of tho projecting portal. But whon sho rnisod tho old bronze knocker, which wns like a mailed hand, what a clangor it seemed to strike ouliu tiio silent night i She hold fast to tho pillars of tho doc.r to keep from falling. It seemed as if those ringing strokes must waken the wholo town. But only n sleepy-looking servant came, nud ho did not appear to bo willing to admit her. 44 It was not tho hour," he repented. 44 Ah, for the l«vo of llonven let me see him I" plonded Doloroa, in apathetic voico that went right to tho heart oven of tho menial; "it is a matter of lifo nnd death I" 44 Oil, why didn't you any so beforo 7" growled tho man, ns bo opened tho door and thon bnrred it behind her. Dour littlo Dolores ! sho stood now hesitatingly liofbre sho entered tho presence of the great man, Her heart died away within her, and words scorned to faint on her lips. What could she any ? How entrant him—how onlist his sympnthy ? Would ho not look 011 her with con- tompt, u sitnplo pennant girl, and wonder at her audacity in coming to Mm ? So she stood when a door softly opened near her, and a gentle voico said : 44 Well, my child, aro you not coming in ?" Dolores looked up nnd saw n stately old gentleman, with soft, while hair and keen, steel blue eyes, which looked ns if they had fathomed all tho secrets of being. She might Imvn fenrd tho eyes hut about tho mouth played a gentle smile and she tu.de courage. How sho told iier story alio never knew, but when alio finished tho face seemed kinder than boforo. lou cum very inucu ior ims AVioro, my poor child ! but perhaps it would bo bettor not to save him, supposing I have tho power. Is ho not cruel — did lie not ' stab n man in a drunken brawl ? My pool littlo girl ! I four 1 should ho doing you an iujury (o bring him hack to life, that ho limy, perhaps, mako you miser able " Oh, senor !" cried Dolores, with toars in lmr voico, 44 you mistake him 1 Hois good! lie is gentle tome! lie loves mo ! Ho did drink that day ; but it was a fcsla, sonor, and nil tho youths take wino on a fosla. Yes, there was a brawl ; hut I do not believe uiy Avicre stabbed the man 1 Thore is another ono —a. His name is Cannes, who Is also condemned. Uu la tho guilty ono, I am sure ! " " And how shall I know your truo-lovo from tho othor ono ! " asked tho dootor. 14 Oh, ho la hamhomo I Well, 1 havo novcr scon Cnrines." 44 So ho may bo handsome, too 1 " re marked tho doctor, with a aiuile. 44 Yes, but— Ah, ponor, Avlero has ono dinrk ! lie has lost a little finger ; wlicn ho was a boy it wns cut off in a trip. So you will know him. May tho lMy Virgin protect nnd Mess you, nnd wo will pray for you overy day of our lives." 44 Stay, my child ! Whnt unbounded belief you have in science I I may be able to do nothing." 44 All, Heaven ! 1 thought you could do what you would 1 " " Not so ; I havo nover succeeded but in mic solitary instance,' said tho doctor, in a low voico, 44 1 have, however, permission from tho Government to re peat the experiment, and I havo no objection to mnko it in tbo enso of your lover, unly 1 must warn yon not to bo confident. Consider the terriblo task ! It is snatching n human ls>ing from thn very arms of death. Ah, do you con ceive the difficulty ?" The girl looked stunned, but sho murmured : 44 You will try, nnd may God bless you for that 1" 44 The execution of tho sentenco takes place cm Ft May— is it not so?" "Yes, Friday, at ton o'clock," said the girl, with n strong shudder. 44 Secretly in tho prison — no ono ad mitted ?" " That is tho custom," Dolores mur mured. 44 Very well, I will ho there. I will take my assistant. In seven hours nlKiut from tho time tbo bend falls in thu basket 1 will let you know htw things aro going on, and whether yon may hope, Do not hope till then, my child 1" Tears camo into Dolure's oyes ns olio murmured : 44 Oh. lot mo hope ! I shall go mnd olso 1" 44 l'oor child— poor child I" said tho old mnn, kindly. 44 Well, well, ho near thu prison nt that time, and I will see you I" " All, 1 will bo tboro !" 44 Aud if I save hiui, remember that in Romo sort 1 plodgo mysolf for his good behavior ; you will go far away ?" " OI>, nonor, wo will bo too happy to got away !" " Well, that will bo arranged, and now farewell I Aro you alono j" 44 Gh, I fear nothing !" oxelnimod Dolores, slipping out of tho door with a parting benediction on tho dootor beforo ho bad timo to call any ouo to accom pany her. » Friday came not without bringing an inlenso and feverish nnxioty to Dr. Lorenzo. With his confidential assis tant ho had Iii9 place near tho spot whore tho condemned men were beheaded. Thero wur no dying speech permitted no crowd to hear it. There wns no tiin to inspect tho criminals. Within a few moments of each othor tho heads fell in tho linskut, Tito dootor seized tho body ho hnd noted ah lacking a littlo lingei. Ilis assistant affected a compression on tho rnrloid artery of tho bond so ah to stop tho heinurrhngo. Tho body was quickly laid on n bed, which had been already prepared, and then Dr. Lorenzo placed tho bend as exactly ns possible 011 tho neck, and kept it in that potation. Then ho applied the cells of a powerful electric pile to tho huso of tho neck nnd ou the breast. Under this influence, ns in former ex periments, tho lespiralory movements were nt once perceptible. As tho blood, which pnnctrnlvd in nlmudnncu through tho surface of tho Hl'nr. thlVntOIH'll fit utillt flu. tineum nf air, Dr. Lorenzo hud resourco to trache otomy. Borpiration then ensued regu larly. Tho head wns fastened to tho body by stitches, and by a special apparatus. At the end of two hours respiration still continued under tho intlucnceof tho elec tric current, nnd circulation hnd resumed its regularity. Tho pulso beat foobly, but sensibly. The experiment was continued without intermission, Dr. Lorenzo scarcely bronthod. His pallid faco wns Hushed, nnd his eyes triumphant. Ho left his assistant n moment, for ho heard tho clock strike five and romomborcd Ma premise. 44 What joy for tho pour child 1" ho bought, as ho once more inhaled tho r osh air and looked about him. A figure silent as a shndow, stolo up to him, and a pair of eyes shining like stars looked into his own. 44 It 5h successful I" alio wMsporod, 44 1 read it iu your fncol" 44 So far it is really successful, my child I Bun homo now and pray for us 1" "Homo? Oh, I will stay horo? I will kneel against thu prison doors. My prayers will bo nearer !" 44 Hore ? Impossible 1 It will bo days Iteforo there will ho any olmugo — days more beforo thero will bo any motion." 44 Ah, then, doctor, let mo once look nt him, and I will go !" 44 Nay ! that is impossible I" " Oh, just ono look I It can do no harm, and then I will ho sure that all is well, 1 am so hoppy I So thankful to you ; hut lot nm havo just ono look 1" The doctor reflected a momont, and thon took her hand nnd led hor into tho room. Thu body lay Ihoro as ono dead, only that there wns a sort of respiration uiiilor tho c (Toots of tho electric currant. Dolores stole up to tho bed, but gnvo one cry of agony and terror aa alio looked on that face nnd faulted awny, 44 What a fool I was to yield to her | prayer 1" said tho doctor. 44 1 might nave known it would bo too much for her nerves 1" And ho was raising hor as tho director of tho jail arrived in tho experimont- room for thu first timo. lie also looked nt tho body, " Good llcnvon 1" ho cried, "you havo applied tho head of Cnrines to tho batty of Avicro !" Tho doctor was shocked. 44 Nothing can ho done," ho said ; "tho experiment must go on for the bonelU of Rcionco." Dolores was removed to tho matron's room. Thrao days nftor, cicatrization had commenced «t thu lips of tho wound, Then tho respiratory movements re produced themselves, nnd electricity was suppressed, Tho dootor heard that Dolores had been taken to tho Slslors of Mercy with brain-fovcr, but ho know tboro was no consolation loft for her this sido of hoiivoi), and sclonco was his god. So ho dovotcd his days nud nights to watching this slrango experiment. Ho assisted cicatrization, which progressed under tho most favorable circumstances, lie introduced liquid nourishment into tho stomach. At tho end of throo months motion, though still difficult, bccamo moro and more oxtoiulod. At tho end of seven months and a half tho Btrango nnomnly Avioro-Carincs was nblo to riso and walk, fooling only a slight stiffness in the neck and a feoblenoss in the limbs. Hero tho manuscript ended abruptly, nnd I sat thoro plunged in bowilderiug simulations. I had dabbled injilernry matters, and this remnrknble story seoino ' matter tor a novel ns ingonious aa About' 44 Noso of a Notary." 1 atrovo to follow Dr. Lorenzo's strange creation through his lifo. How would tbo combination work ? How would—— Alas 1 my own brain was too weak to boar tho strain. 1 plunged at onco in cliuos again, and lay for weeks in a re lapse. My principal concoru scorned oxpressad in tho cry which 1 mado con stantly: 44 Don't tako tho wrong bond ! Don't tako tho wrong head !" 