ALL-HOUND TORICS. [Bv JUNTOS JCNIOB.] " Listen to me and if you speafc me fair, I'll tell you news indifferent good to either." FnoM an English paper I note (hat tbe month of March has been unprecedented with regard to wet weather. Not for one single day did Jupiler Pluvius turn off the tup of his water butt, and the complaints against that saint were naturally loud and strong. An old resident at Bucklebury {Berkshire, England), who had passed the usual strength of man— namely, fourscore—give it as bis dictum, that such a period bad not been known during his lifetime. Out hate we may Bay thai during the same period we did cot experience any rainy weather at all, worse luck, hut that a period of drought bad prevailed. Such are the inconsistencies of tbe said Jupiter .Pluvius. The Salvation Army doubtless mean well; but have tbe members read Matthew 6, v., " And when thu prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are; for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the comers of the streets, that they may be seen of men ?" The Southern Argus, published at Goulburn. gave up tbe ghost on the 19tb inst. It was a well-conducted journal, and published in the interests of Protection. People using Church-street, Parramatta, from one end to tbe other cannot be of opinion that the Council is acting wisely in blinding bye-streets when parts of the principal street are sadly in need of repair. At the north end, from the descent down to tbe toll-bar, the street bas been allowed to lapse into a perilous state, and it is an ant of impossibility to pick even a good track on which to guide vehicles. Would it not be more judicious to put on all the labour possible to metal this and other parts of Church-street before the wet weather comes P There are so many bad boles in the position referred to that tbe axles of buggies, carts, and coaches are seriously affected. The dangerous ditch at the south corner of Marsden and Glebe-streets, Parramatta, noticed in this column a short time ago, is being filled in at last, ana other improvements are about to be effected at that junction. Most of the streets leading from Church-streetinto Marsdenstrect South have been kerbed and guttered, and one or two of them blinded. The £16,000 vote for town improvements is gradually declining, and it is to be hoped that by the time the money is expended all the streets of Parrainatta will be a credit and convenience to everyone using them. The " white elephant,"—the Parramatta Corporation Bathe—is not now far from com' pletion, and I suppose we sball soon be informed when the opening ceremony will be performed, Of course, the Mayor will be No. 1 at it, it being hie opinion that the chief civic functionary should be almighty on such occasions. Bat it would he more courteous and graceful if for once he would give a show to the member for the town. Her Majesty the Queen's 69 birthday passed off in the usual style, her Australian subjects doing both her and the occasion justice. She has now entered upon the year which completes the allotted age of life—threescore years and ten; but she retains tbe dutiful respect of millions of humanity, whose heartfelt wish is that Bhe may live many years yet to come. At thetime of writing the birthday honours were unknown; but I have heard it said that our own Hughey ought to be on the C.M.G-. list. He would be worthy such a distinction—but perhaps the " distinction," besmirched by so many, is unworthy of him. —laming of the Shreir. R.I.P. 