CHAPTER II. It is London, and it.is November. "We have been married jasfc'a week, and arc beginning to grow accustomed to the fact, and to realise that we are not the very .-first people in the world who ever entered into that holy estate. Sydney has at , last ceased to start and laugh when she-comes into breakfast and finds letters addressed to " Sirs. St. Maur" at her plate; already the hotel waiters have ceased to grin furtively at the sight of us. and stray hansom cabmen no longer look for an extra tip. The iirst obtrusively newly mar ried look is beginning to wearoS. As for me, I spend ray days in wondering what I ever did in all my unworthy life to deserve the blessing that has come to me, and in marvellinghowl lived through all the dark, weary, aimless years before it came. Perhaps we shall have thirty years more of just such happiness ; perhaps forty or fifty, weare yet so young. London is delightfully empty. I have not seen half a dozen people I know, and those I have successfully avoided. But to-niglifc we go to a drum, or something at Lady Susan Stanley's. People might leave us alone until our honeymoon is fairly over, but Sydney's tender little' heart is afraid of offending her old aunt if we do not go, so we are prepared for a night of penance, and make up our minds to the worst that can befall. My Sydney is in her bridal dress-sheeny satin and forest-like lace-and I have clasped on the diamonds myself, though she laughs at me for wanting her to wear them, and says they are too fine for Lady Susan. I have a fancy for seeing her just as she was on her marriage morning, but she looks even sweeter, for she is not so pale. I could look at her all night and never tiro, and it is just as well that I have that gratification, for other amusements at Lady | Susan's have I none. It is all very stately, very dull, very awful. " Respectable and stupid. What did I tell you?" says Sydney,.wisely. A little bad music, a great deal of dreary conversation; twice as many people as the rooms w:ll hold, who come and go in bril liant attire. Sydney need not have been afraid of. being too gorgeous. I elbow my way with difficulty to the refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a sea of its melted self, and this delicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. Poor little sweetheart; While I am still afar oft I see her sitting desolate and pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear face. " STy poor child, you are bored to death, and no wonder I" I say, as I reach her side. Let us make our escape as soon as possible." She looks at me dreamily and asks in an absent sort of;way, "Hairy, what was that extraordinary noise ? , Did you hear it just now ?" " Noise ?' I say,- with mild irony. " Well, yes, I should think so; the infernal gabble is enough to deafen one." '?Oh, no, not that; I don't mean any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort, of cry that sounded above everything else, a wild kind of wail- the very saddest thing I ever heard-ifc almost made me cry, and yet so sweet and clear. What could it have been?" "That bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing ' Roberto' just now.' Her voice was certainly high enough and melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness never struck me." " Oh, no, Harry, I don't mean that at all ; ifc was when no one was singing, and it was not like singing in the least, but more like a cry at a wake than anything else. I wonder you did'not hear ifc, and it is odd no one else seemed to ijptice it, though I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish I knew what it was." " Something inthe street below, no doubt, unless you fancied it, which wonld be no wonder;i this sort of thing is enough to give one the blues... But come, Sydney j-let us cut the whole thing and go to the theatre for an hour; you know Aunt Susan offered us her box, and I hear there's something rather good going on." n " Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?" and she brightens directly. ' . So we retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre, where people are in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can see neither head, tail, nor plot to the whole thing; our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with success to night." . - Sydney laughs a little, bntdoes not seem much interested; and presently she turns to me, looking pale and unhappy, and savs, .im ploringly,- ' * " My dear boy, don't be vexed with me; I know you will-think me-a dreadful goose, but just then I had'such a fright. I am almost sure I saw Mr. Fitzgerald in that corner by the wall; he was looking up with those dreadful wild eyes of his, and the moment I'looked at him he turned and went out. He was in some kind of , a dark cloak and looked so odd 1 But I am almost sure I could not mistake those eyes 1" . i " ^ ^ d;irlinS' 1 thought you said he wasn t in England," I remonstrate. i " Neither he was.;.he was abroad, but" ifc. was so like him, and it gave me such a ter ple£«S^C^' Eon't think me a goose, Harry, "1'Jl tell you what;! do think., I think you are tired out, and we should be far better off m our own comfortable room than in listening to all this rubbish; come alone, theres a dear child;" and I put her fleecy wraps around her and take her away; But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks np into my face. Harry!" ' she says, earnestly there it is again, that long, wailing cry. How very strange! Surely you must have heard that?" . . , "Why, Sydney, it is mere fancy 1" I say, shaking her gently. "If I don't mind I shall have yoa ill. You're nervous, tired, find excited. I shall not be easy in my mind till you are at home and have taken something and without more ado I get her downstairs and back to .our hotel as quickly a31 can. Once in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits." I.make her drink a glass of wine and sit.by the fire, and she is laugh ing merrily at her own foolishness, when there is a tap at the door, and a waiter comes to tell me that one of my brother officers is waiting'to see me inthecoffee-room on: im portant business, and refuses to como up stairs... ; . * Oh, t'other Frampton!" I say, with a groan. » What a time of night to come and disturb one 1 Come up here, indeed ! I should think it a great piece of cheek if he did I I don't like leaving you, Sydney I". . " Oh, don't mind that, dear boy. I am- all right now, I'll tell you what, I will putaway I the 'family pools' and take "down my hair ' while you are gone, and then come back and brush it here while yott have a pipe. May I ?" . * 14., "?fA7./Pcn 1 c°urseyou may anything; that is, if if you don't object to the smell of tobacco amoug your golden locks." j ?" Oh, no; and we can have a nice chat over the fire. Don't be gone long." ! " Not a second longer than I can help." " If I grow sleepy before you come back I shall lie down and wait for you; but mind you wake me, I want to sit with you while you smoke." All right. Has your maid gone to bed? " " Yes, I told her she need not sit up." i " W?11, then; I'll go down to Framp. ton. Mind, if a ghost should'inake its appear anee you can receive it with the celebrated dagger;-I saw it on your dressing-table when we went put, I took it to cut the string round your flowers." ' " Don't be silly! " and she pauses with her hand on her bed-room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet leave her for ten seconds. Frampton is waiting in the coffee-room profuse in apologies for troubling me. " At such a time of all others, my dear fellow! Wouldn't have had it happen "for the world ! What will Mrs. St. Maur think of me?" etc. , However, his business really is important, and do what I will, it is nearly three-quar ters of an hour, and very near midnight, when I see his broad shoulders take themselves off." Poor little Sydney! she will be tired to death waiting for me, and I dash up stairs to make up for lost time. Sydney is not in the outer room, however, and I pause for a moment with my back to the fire, and smile as I think I need not have raced so frantically after all. Then I re member what she said about lying down, and I move towards the bed-room to see if she had fallen asleep, when my - eye falls upon the '. family jools " lying in a dazzling heap upon the table. Careless little woman ? Any one.miglit have come in and carried them off and sue not a bit the wiser. I stoop to gather them up. Something else is lying near them -something almost as bright as they. With an indescribable sensation I bend nearer and see that it is the Corsican sheath I know so well-the quaint, curious black and gold sheath wound about with a long shiniug tress of golden hair, so smooth, so fine, so sunny it can only be from one head in all the world. Why docs my blood turn to ice, and my heart ceases suddenly to beat as 1 take it in my hand and sec that something is smeared upon the freshly severed edges-something wet and warm and red, 5GO Somehow.I reach the next room and dash open the door ; somehow I cross the floor and am beside tho white bed, where, all in her pure, dainty bridal robes, her beautiful hair floating about her like a golden veil, lies my love, my treasure, my blue eyed darling, my bride ofaweek, so still, so silent, so deathly white, with a long, sharp knife in her heart ! 