Our Exports. There are some people in this sceptical world of ours who will tell yon that they don't believe in statistics, and that figures can be made to prove anything; but for all that the world year after year goes in more heavily for statistics, and profits thereby: for to know accurately the past is to have a good idea of the future. It is perfectly true, however, that it " Is of no use crying over spilt milk," and that ruefully contemplating the statistics of a bad harvest will not increase the yield of the next one; but when a country, or a district, or a town, is suffering from depression, it is just as well that its people should know the causes, and the extent of those causes, if haply they may be removed or modified, or by the institution of comparisons courage and perseverance be imparted to the despairing. With regard to the depression which has been most unmistakeably felt in Port Augusta during the last two years or more, in a general way everybody knows the causes to be diminished production and decreased values; but these are wide terms, and to give more definite and exact ideas of the past state and present conditions and prospects of Port Augusta in a commercial sense, a careful perusal and comparison of the trade statistics annually prepared by Mr C. E. Stokes (the records for 1^87 appear in another column) will be found advantageous. The statistics for the past year are not, it is true, particularly cheering, but they show that things have been worse, are improving, and promise excellently for the present year. Our staple products may be classified under three heads — agricultural, pastoral, and mineral; and when droughts and decreased values supervene in company, diminished production and hard times are inevitable. The Port has had some prosperous and busy years, notably in 1884, when it exported jC 8 26 ,373 worth of produce, but since then the record has been falling, slightly at first, then with a sudden plunge, and now it is rising again slowly, though in 1887 it had not reached normal standard. The exports of 1887 totalled only ^£481,462 —but still that was nearly 100,000 more than their value in the previous year, the harvest of 1885-15 being a complete failure. In pastoral produce the export record of 1887 was ^291,718 — a decrease of jQ 15,000 on that of the previous year, but against this must be considered the fact that 4,000 bales of the 1887 clip did not get away until the year had expired. Still the total is low, and the reason is not far to seek : the pastoralisis have not yet recovered from the stock losses of i88J6, the destiny of the '88 leases is still unsettled, and lastly, wool has retrograded in price. Agriculturally, our best year was 1885, when ^448,128 worth of grain, flour, &c.; was exported; the following year saw a woeful falling off, the amount being 1,288; but last year, though the harvest was not a good one, the exports of breadstuffs rose to ,£181,948 ; and as the present harvest is the best that has been garnered for the last six years, the cereal exports for 1888 will in all probability exceed those of 1885. Mining has, of course, been for some years at low ebb; copper mining has been abandoned in the North, and Jhere was little bu* manganese ore to be shipped from Port Augusta, as stiffening for wool ships. ^ exports for 1887" totalleu is relatively a far Jess decreasJ ^ cereals; and with the rise in copper, the extension of mining industry and enterprise, and the discovery of rich silver-lead lodes in the North, there is every reason to anticipate that Port Augusta will ere long eclipse all former records in this class of export. Taking the main items of produce seriatim, we find that in 1887 Port Augusta sent away 454,586 bushels of wheat—against 18,168 in the previous year, and against 2,117,566 bushels in 1885\. In flour, the manufacture of which is a local industry, the figures are 8,939 l o ns against 9,173 in the previous year. Of wool, 26,393 bales were exported, their declared value being ^280,060, against 26,339 bales, valued at .£301,135 in 1886. This shows a falling off, not so much in quantity as in value, and is attributable to the decrease in price, though had the whole available clip of 1887 been shipped, an increase would have been shown both in quantity and value, for the Lady Douglas last week took away ^3 2,000 worth of wool. The ore shipments totalled .£7,760 in value, more than twice as much as in 1886, though .£3,000 less than in 1885\. Nearly twice as much bran, pollard, <kc., was exported as in 1886, but the standard reached was only the average of previous years; in hides and sundries there was little alteration, though the latter line (total value £6,260) included a shipment of Northern horses per s.s. Port Jackson to India. In shipping the record for 1887 is, of course, below that of previous years (1886 excepted), though the year was signalised by the visits of a number of ocean steamers and large vessels. The Port Jackson took in horses, the Abergeldie and the Yeoman discharged camels, the Afghan, Deepdale, Kent, and Clitus all loaded wool, and the largest ship that ever entered Port Augusta harbor (the Crown of England), after discharging her freight of railway iron, had to leave in ballast. Still other large vessels found cargohere; and the Skelmorlie is even now preparing to depart with 81,000 bushels of the new season's wheat on board; there are two large wheat ships loading in harbor, and as the wheat comes in, the accommodation afforded by the new wharf, ample as it is, will probably be found none too much for emergencies. The number of vessels which arrived in Port Augusta from over sea during 1887 was 27, total tonnage 23,812, a slight decrease in number, but a centper cent increase in tonnage on the record for 1886\. The total value of the inward cargoes was .£73,774, an amount which has only once (in 1885) been exceeded; but then direct imports consist chiefly of Government material —either railway iron for South Australia or wire netting and fencing for the Queensland and New South Wales borders. The Customs receipts tell a more meaningtale; for notwithstanding the clearances from bond in the latter part of 1887, and the increased duties thereafter levied, they totalled only £4,554 — a trifle more than was received in 1886 certainly, but not 50 per cent of the average of previous years. As to the outward shipping, cleared for over sea, the number of vessels was 39, the tonnages aggregating 32,964, and the value of the cargoes u £379>°3°> J st twice as much as in 1886, and about half as much as in the two preceding years. The coasting trade, which in 1886 increased while the over sea trade decreased, in 1887 dropped back to about normal standard, the number of coasters arriving being 185, aggregate tonnage 37>592, while the departures numbered 172, the tonnages 26,024, and the value of cargoes £102,432—just about half the value of the outward coasting shipments for 1886. It is interesting to note the proportion which coasting trade bears to over sea shipment, and though neither 1886 nor 1887 can be taken as representative years, it may be remarked that in the former the value of the coasting shipments exceeded by nearly £20,000 the value of the foreign and intercolonial cargoes which went out of Port Augusta; while in the latter year the value of the coasting cargoes amounted to little more than one-fifth of the total exports. The distribution of the trade was as follows :—Coasters took rather more than one-sixth of the wheat, more than one-fourth of the flour, about one-sixth of the wool, twofifths of the bran and pollard, all the hides and pelts, three-fourths of the ores, nearly all the bark, and none of the "sundries" shipped at Port Augusta during 1887. SMOKE SOCIAL.—A meeting of the Rifle Club Committee will be held this evening at 7.30 in the Dispatch office to consider the advisability of holding a Smoke Social in the Institute at an early date. CRICKET.—On Saturday afternoon a cricket match will be plaved on the beach lawn tennis ground by a team of fifteen members of the Rifle Company against an eleven of the Port Augusta Cricket Club. On the following Saturday the Volunteers will take their revenge at the rifle ranges, when a team of 10 will fire against 20 cricketers, ranges 500 and 600 yards, five shots at each. HOSPITAL REPORT.—During the week ended Thursday January 12, seven patients were admitted to and two were discharged from the Port 'Augusta Hospital. Three deaths occurred during the week, one from failure of the heart's action, one fr.oiy acute peritonitis following typhoids! sympipiua, ppe from tumour in the brain. The number pf patientB in Hospital j* gow 43, LADIES BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.—ID the paragraph on this subject, published last Friday, a contribution of 2s. from Mrs T. Young senior, and a parcel of clothing from Mrs J. F. Beesley, should have been acknowledged. ST. JOHN'S AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION.— A Port AuguBta branch of this Association has now been formed, and an advertisement in another column announces that the course of lectures will commence on Wednesday next, January 18, at 8 p.m., in the Institute Hall, and be continued on the four succeeding Wednesday evenings. Dr Astles gives bis services as lecturer gratuitously. The member's subscription, to defray expenses, is 5s. THE Ross DHU.—The ship Ross Dhu, 1,321 tons, Captain Flemminc, arrived in Fort this morning under charge of a Wallaroo pilot, and is now berthed at the southern end of the whnrf. She left Melbourne on January 7, and has therefore made a very smart pasRage round, sailing into Port about 10 o'clock this morning. She brings 600 tons of coal as ballast, consigned to Darling & Son., for the rail way department, and will be loaded with wheat by Darling & Son., who have now three large wheat vessels in Port— the Skelmorlie (cargo completed), Grasmere, and Ross Dhu. LIGHTS ON VEHICLES. — Not a few people, to judge from their actions, seem to have an idea that the Lights on Vehicles Act applies only within municipal limits. There is a good deal of night traffic on the Stirling-road, and a good many vehicles pursae their solitary way in darkness. No serious accidents have yet occurred, but it is not necessary to wait for these, and we understand that the police have received strict instructions to enforce respect for the provisions of the Act. The proprietors of dogs which amuse themselves by rushing out at and trying to bite the heels of horses passing on the roads, would also do well to note that similar in9truc tions have been given with regard to such infractions of the law. WHEAT SHIPMENTS.—The prospects of the wheat market at home have not been encoaraging of late, and the natural consequence is that the price in the colonies has retrograded, and at Port Augusta has gone down twopence, the present quotation being 2s. ll£d. Farmers, how» ver, suffer more from their own carelessness than from such falls, and this season the de- ductions on dirty wheat amount to a good deal. There is some smut and more broken grain, but barley and other undesirable admixtures are the chief cause of complaint among buyers. The railway department are running wheat specials now intermittently ; the Skelmorlie has been been filled up by Darling & Son (the first wheat ship of the season) j the Grasmere, though she has not yet discharged all her railway iron, has received 200 tons of wheat, as stiffening, from the same firm, which expects the Ross Dhu, 1,330 tons, from Melbourne, next week to load wheat also. The Ludvig Holberg is being loaded with wheat by Dunn & Co., and the Skelmorlie will shortly be cleared at the Custom House for U K. She completed her loading on Thursday, and has on board 19,820 bags, containing 81,852 bush, of wheat, of the declared value of £13,301. THE VICTORY MINE.—Port Augusta once took a considerable interest in this copper venture, but it is two or three years since the Beltana Prospecting Co. ceased to carry on operations, and its lease was allowed to expire. With the late extraordinary rise in copper, however, the attention of some of the shareholders was once more directed to the mine, but outsiders also had their eyes on it, and the Land Office received no less than 106 applications for the right to work the .mine. These appli cations were considered on Monday last, and the Advertiser thus describes the proceedings : " It is a rule in the office, when more than one application is received for the same claim, for a ballot to take place. On this occasion 1 hour 35 minuteB vras occupied in drawing Jots, and it was not till 86 draws had been made that the winning number was known." The lucky drawer was Mi6s Mable Laurance. This seems to be a very lengthy manner of setlting mineral applications, and before proceedings such as Monday's become frequent, it might be well for the authorities at the Land Office to devise speedier means of deciding the right to claims of the various applicants. It is believed that if this claim had been put up to auction, a good round sum would have been realised for the Treasury. MAIN ROADS AND CORPORATIONS.—The District Councils Act was proclaimed on January 5, and came into operation on that day, consequently clause 274 came into immediate effect—a fact which our local municipal bodies do not seem to have properly grasped, or perhaps were not aware of. The clause states that on the proclamation of the Act all main roads within municipalities shall be vested in and under the control of such municipalities ; provided that any Government contribution towards the maintenance of such shall be divided amongst the various District Councils and Corporations, in proportion to the mileage of m<iin roads within their boundaries and the traffic thereon. By clauses 275-6, the same duties are imposed and rights conferred on the new District Councils, but as the latter bodies are not yet appointed, in some cases Inspectors of Roads have been temporarily appointed to look after certain tections of main road until the new Councils get into working order. But municipalities already existing are expected to take control of the main roads within their bounds at once, and hence the Port Augusta, Davenport, and Port Augusta West Corporations are now responsible for the condition of the main roads which border or intersect them. The two latter Corporations may plead that they have no funds, and cannot have any until their rates are collected ; but all three are entitled to a certain amount per annum from the £50,000 maintenance grant, which will probably not be allotted for some time to come ; but they may apply to the Government for permission to anticipate grant on the ground of urgent necessity, and the application will no doubt be granted. As was pointed out at the Corporation meeting last night, the state of the Stirling Road, at the sandhill beyond the railway crossing, is a serious matter, and if not remedied will block the wheat traffic from the southern and southeastern hundreds to Port Augusta; but though the interests of the Port, as a place of shipment, are most immediately concerned, the responsibility rests with the municipality of Davenport, which should immediately apply for an advance on its main road maintenance grant to remedy existing evils. As to the Western Plains Road, under clause 283 of the Act, the cost of maintaining it must be borne in equal proportions by both Corporations, so far as it is a joint boundary, and thereafter by the District Council of Davenport (which must also attend to the lagoon crossing on the Stirling road). Either of the Corporations may give notice to the other that certain repairs aie needed, call upon it to do a half share of the work, and failing compliance withio three months, may get the whole done and recover one half the cost from the defaulting Council. As the Western Plains road, so far as it is made towardB the Cemetery, is rapidly going to the bad, the Booner both Corporations got in their applications for advances on main roadB subsidy, and come to an arrangement as to the performance of the necessary work, the better it will be for the public, and' tye less will be the expense incurred. HOSPITAL TENDERS.—In our last issue tho name of the successful tenderer for the supply of wine, beers, and spirits for the Hospital was inadvertently omitted. Three tenders were received—from Messrs Young & Gordon, Gooch & Scott, and Kauffman & Co. respectively. Gooch and Scott quoted the lowast prices in three lines, and Kauffman & Co. in one, and the tender of the former firm was consequently accepted. DISTRICT COUNCILS ASSESSMENT.—In our leading article in last issue the assessment basis for district rates was referred to in general terms merely, both because we bad in previously dealing with the District Councils Bill gone., into the matter minutely, and because there had been so much debate thereon in Parliament, that the necessity of recapitulation on that point did not occur to as. However, as some haziness appears to prevail on the matter, we give the assessment basis below:—As to any building and all land that may be occupied therewith, wherever situate, and all land outside townships, the assessment will be the estimated annual rent (clear of all outgoings) which the proprety would bring on a 14 years' lease. Unoccupied blocks of 20 acres in extent within townships, unused or used only for agricultural or pastoral purposes, will be assessed at 2£ per cent on the fee simple value ; all other township lands unbuilt upon will be assessed at 5 per cent on the fee simple value ; and on lands held under mining lease from the Crown, the assessment shall in no case exceed the rental payable to the Crown. THE ROYAL HUMANE SOCIETY. — We have received from the Royal Humane Society of Australasia a circular which well deserves that public attention should be called to it. With the view of increasing and extending proficiency in swimming exercises, with eBpecial regard to the saving of drowning people, the Society offers a handsome bronze medallion for annual competition by the pupils of each and every school in Australasia, the head master of which is a member of the Society, or, in other words, which subscribes a guinea annually to the Society. The competition will take place under the supervision of the h ad teacher, and consists of—first, bringing a floating dummy body to land ; second, diving for, bringing up, and landing a sunk dummy, the situation of which ie indicated by a floating cork; third, diving for a sank dummy, the situation of which is not indicated. Competitors must be partly clothed, and must swim out to the place where the work is done, marks being awarded to each competitor in every trial, time being an important consideration. A medallion will be awarded to the competitor in each school who obtain the highest number of marks. This competition offers a splendid opportunity for both East and West Side boys to distinguish themselves, and there should be no difficulty whatever in subscribing the guinea requisite to qualify a school and its head teacher. The same subscription also qualifies the school for a theoretical examination of its pupils once a year, on the best means of treating snake bite, sunstroke, bleeding, fainting, and cases of apparent drowning. This examination will be conducted by the Head Teachers from printed papers forwarded by the Society, and the successful candidates will receive certificates of merit. As the practical tests and theoretical examinations are to be held in April, and as two months' notice is required before a school can compete, there is no time to be lost if the schools of Port August East and West are to qualify this year. The qualification fee must be forwarded to Mr C. R. Payne, Secretary to the Royal Human Society of Australasia, Selborne Chambers, Melbourne. THE WINNOWIE SILVER LODES.—As a number of our readers are interested in the Broken Hill Miners' Prospecting Co.'s mines in the Beltana district, we re-print, from the Broken Hill Times of January 4, the report sent in to the Company's Directorate on December 30, by the manager of the Lady Brassey mine. It runs as follows:—In accordance with instructions received from you, I have paid a visit to your mine, and beg to hand you the following report. Your property is situated about 350 miles to the north of Adelaide, and 2£ rnib-s from Winnowie station in a north-west direction, and 16 miles west of Beltana railway station on the Great Northern Line. It consists of four 80-acre sections, the present operations being confined to the southern section. There is a tunnel being driven across the bill from a little blind creek, marked on the plan accompanying this report. The tunnel is 54 feet through a mass of ore composed of steel-grey galena, carbonate of lead, crystals of lead, and kaolin, with a slight dip to the east of 1ft. in 12ft. There is no indication of any wall or country rock as yet; the top of the hill where the tunnel is going under is flat, and covered over with a crust of limestone varying from a foot to 3 feet in thickness, and where the limestone is broken you can see the carbonate of lead along the side of the hill going down the creek for a distance of 300 or 400 feet, and going up the creek for a distance of 50 or 60 feet where the creek runs out or terminates. They do intend to continue the driving of the tunnel for a distance of 10 or 20 feet, if they do not meet with the banging wall of the lode, and then put a pump up, or rise through the surface for ventilation, which will be about 40 feet. This rise will be to all appearance through ore. They have not classified any of the ore that they broke in the driving of the tunnel; it is all tipped in the creek together, and I should judge there were about 60 or 70 tons of ore in the pile, and the bulk of it high grade ore that will go from 60 to 70 for lead, and from 50 to 60 ozs. for silver, according to the assays you have had from this tunnel. The course of the lode is north west and south eaBt, and }u8t on the southern boundary of the section. The hill makes a steep rise, and a strong blow of iron for a distance of 200 or 300 feet in length. Then there is the crust of limestone already referred to for 300 or 400 feet in length. Then cornea a strong ironstone blow and iron gossan for a half mile or more in length, varying from 50 to 60 feet in width. On the western boundary of this section there s a northern lode running the same COUTBO as the eastern Iods formerly worked for copper ore j the shaft is sunk to depth of 100 feet, with an underlay to the east of 5 or 6 feet. This lc.de ca r ries good lead ore on the surface, and I br°ugbl back a oarnple with me and had it a B sayed, with the following results :— Copper, 11 lead, 30 ; silver, 3oz. lOdwts. per ton of 20 cwts; this is very satisfactory for a surface sample. On the western side of the next ge?i;on there is a vertical shaft sank about 60 feet deep for copper, but there has been little or nothing done besides, but on the eastern side of this eiction, where the big iron blow is, it got a fine show for surface indications, and there is no doubt that below this mass of iron there is a lot of mineral. On the next section, Mr Terrel tells me that he has found galena ore. There is a good road from the mine along by the tea-tree welU, about seven miles from the mine and nine miles from Beltana railway station, 'there wi,ll be no difficulty in carting the ore fi;om the mine fo the railway Btation, lu CpUCipsion, I have np hssUatipp in say^ng thnt you h^ve a ve^y yaluahl* property, an4 w^tta 3 Btpall out,lay 9f capital ysu will * dividend f THE INSTITUTE.—The usual monthly meeting of the institute Committee waa held on Tuesday evening last. Present: Rev. R. Mitchell (President), Messrs T. Young, J. Nicholson, J. F. Beesley, T. Hunter, J. W. H. Hullett, A. E. 8mitb, and W. J. Trembath. The finance report, showing liabilities for December at £12 14s. 6d.; receipts, £41 9s. 2d. (including £29 la. donations) and Bank overdraft on January 1 at £263 7s. Id., was adopted. A vote of thanks to the " Octoroon" committee, for the £27 received from them as the Institute's share of the two dramatic performances, was passed. A letter was received from Mr C. E. Stokes, Hon. Sec. of the local branch of the St. John Ambulance Association asking for the use of the Institute ball for the Association's course of lectures, at 5s. per night. The request was granted. WOMAN'S RIGHTS AND MAN'S GAR- MENTS. — A Yankee oratress, in a speech at a woman's meeting, said : " I reject the trousers with contempt and scorn. Men cut a sufficiently ridiculous figure in them themselves. The truth ie they don't like their own costume, and are envious of our laces, jewellery, frills, and dresses. Trousers, forsooth, trousers ! Shake not the ridiculous garment at me. No ; so long as we have our silks, satins, and shawls, we will repudiate your absurd bifurcated anwhisperables. Look at your swallowtailed coats, stovepipe hats; and you wear your hair so short, some of you, that you look precious like monkeys; and I don't wonder that ono of your number has written a book showing that animal to be the father of his race." COMPANIONS IN ARMS.—After the battle of Mare-la- Tour, every nook and cranny were filled with the dead and wounded, and it was with the utmost difficulty that a small room could be obtained for the King (the piesent Emperor William). Its furnitnre consisted of a bed, a little table, and a chair. The King inquired on entering—"Where are Moltke and Bismarck lodged ?" " Nowhere, as yet, your Majesty," replied the aide-de-camp, though he knew full well how much those gentlemen needed reBt to enable them to resume their labours on the following day. "Then ask them to camp here with me," said the king ; " takeaway the bed, the wounded need it more than I do, and in its place have some straw and a few ruge brought in. That will do for the three of us." This was done, and the three distinguished personages spent that rainy night on the straw.—Corriere delta Sera, A LODGES.—'" What iB a lodger?" asks an English paper. We thought everybody knew what a lodger is, and that such a Bimple matter was hardly worth discussing. A lodger, in short, is a man who maintains impecunious people in affluence. He provides bis landlady with tea and pocket-money, and his landlord with tobacco and pipes. He furnishes the domestic cat with fish, spirits, cold meat, bread, sardines, glass, earthenware, books, and fruit. He saveB hiB landlady's eldest son the necessity of buying collars, ties, pocket-handkerchiefs, or gloves, and supplies her daughter with books, scent, pomade, brushes and combe, writing paper and envelopes. He pays the gas bill for the whole household, and keeps the establishment in coals. Such is the lodger. Any more questions, please ? FATHER M'GLYNN.—The Dublin Evening Mail recently published, from a Philadelphia paper just, received, the text of the bull of excommunication, which the American organ states has been issued against Dr Edward M'Glynn, the late pastor of St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Church, New York, which document, it adds, has never been published before, and is taken from the regular document issued from Rome. It is as follows :—By the authority of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and of the undefiled Virgin Mary, mother and patroness of our Saviour, and of all the celestial virtues, angels, archangels, thrones, dominions, powers, cherubim, seraphim, and of all the holy patriarchs and prophets, and of all the apostles and evangelists, and of the .holy innocents who in the sight of the Holy Lamb are found worthy to sing the new song, of the holy martyrs and holy confessors, and of the holy virgins, and of all the saints, together with the holy and elect of God. We excommunicate and anathematise this malefactor, Edward McGlynn, and from the thresholds of the Holy Church of Almighty God we sequestre him, that he may be tormented, disposed, and delivered over with Dathan and Abiram, and with those who say unto the Lord God, " Depart from us, we deBire none of Thy ways." And as fire is quenched with water, so let the light of him be put out for evermore, unleBs he shall repent and make satisfaction. Amen. May the Father who created man curse him. May the Son, who suffered for us, curse him. May the Holy Ghost, who was given to us in baptism, curse him. May the holy cross, which Christ for our salvation triumphing over his enemieB asoended, curse him. May the Holy and Eternal Virgin Mary, Mother of God, curse bim. May St. Michael, the advocate of holy souls, curse him. May all the angels and archangels, principalities and powers, and all the heavenly armies, curse bim. May the praiseworthy multitude of Patriarchs and Prophets curse him. May St. John the Precursor, St. John the Divine, and St. Peter and St. Paul, and St. Andrew, and all other Christ's Apostles together, curse him. And may the rest of Hie Disciples, and the four Evangelists, who by their preaching converted the universal world, and may the holy and wonderful company of Mai tyre and ConfeBsora, who by their holy works were found pleasing to God Almighty, curse him. May the Holy Choir of the Holy Virgins, wbo for the honor of ChriBt have despised the things of the world, curse him. May all the Saints, who from the beginning of the world to everlasting ages are found to be beloved of God, enrse him. Moy {he heavens and earth, and all the holy things remaining therein, curse h.ica. May he be cursed wherever bo, whether in the house or fce atables, the garden or the field, er the highway, or in the path, or in the wood, or in the water, or in the church. May he be cursed in living, in dying, in eating and drinking, in being hunger, in being thirsty, in waking, ia walking', in standing, in sitting, L? lyiflg, in working, in resting, and in' blood letting. May be be cursed in all the faculties of his body. May he be cursed inwardly and outwardly may he be cursed in the hair # sis head' may he be cursed in his brains, and in his' vertex, in hie temples, in hiB forehead, in his ea^ in bis eyebrows, in his cheeks in bis jawbone, in his nostrils, in his foreteeth and grinders, in his lips,in his threat, in his shoulders, in bis wr&a;, in his arms, in hiB hands. 19 bis fingers, in his mouth, in his breast, in hiB heart and pnrteni&ce;, and in his bottomest stomach, ia bia veins, and in his groin, in his thighs, in his hips, and in his knees, hie legs, and feet and toe nails. May be be cqrsed in all the joints and articulations of his meipben, from She top of his head tp the eole of his feet. &£ay there be no sQ^daeas in hitp. May the Son of the Living God, with all the glory of H,is ^[aieBty t curse him Heayefc with &l;», the powers th«t Wove therein, rise up against bim and damn bim, ShieBs he repent a«d make satisfaction. Amen—so be it—Amen. Tt>o Loaisiade pearl fishery n net a succesB. Deep wate^ poor take of shells, and divers killed by paralysis. 