Augustan Eohoos. December 19. The all-absorbing topic is the water quest ion. So serious has been the crisis, that almost every aection.in the community has taken mart in the .agitation for increased supply. Perhaps on no;other public question has there ever before. been such united and persistent, action ; and the rpsult has been, as it always -must, under similar conditions ; entirely- Satisfactory so far as it has gone. The " powers that, be" have recognised the force of the arguments adduced, and- placed £20,000 on the loan estimates, for the con struction of a reservoir, of sufficient storage capacity, to meet the requirements of this important district. It-is however to be hoped, that the agitation will not cease hero.. Indeed judged from present events it. is. quite prob able that the advocacy will be continued, to induce an intelligent comprehension of the possibilities- in the direction of Water Con servation, by the. Department, which will end in the inception of a grand scheme for conserving flood and spring waters, at stated intervals in the Flinders Range, thus enabling persons to go. in for irrigation, on the vast Western plains. Wo have abundant proofs of the fertility of the soil in ordinary seasons; and the Nectar Brook water scheme, has demonstrated beyond dispute that vineyards and orchards may be cultivated in a highly successful manner. I may be charged with being altogether too sanguine but I am quite 'confident that with a supply of. water for irrigation purposes, this port would speedily become. the centre, of a large wine, producing district. - The initiated will fully understand all that is involved in that statement. The ' great 'inystery to me is- that the local .paper has almost completely failed to understand the true beariugs of this, question ; and in stead of exerting itself to second the efforts of the public spirited individuals, who hare » nn/1 nUlv arlvnna fori -it. liaa iy auu OW1J uu»vv«i«vu »» »»«» seen fit to " fight a ghost of its own raising,' inasmuch as it has entered into a strong de' fence of the labors of thelocal superintenden.t- who, it assumed, was being criticised by those who took a prominent part in the ' agitation. Personally I am intimately ac- fuainted with some of. these gentlemen; and am in a position to state emphatically, that- their remarks aimed at no particular officer; but at the department generally. Some strong words have been used I admit, but I am bound also to admit that they were absolutely justifiable under the exasperating circumstances. That some one has blunder ed there can be no two opinions. Who that some one may be we must leave the head of the' department to disclose. Ts' it the effect of climate P It does seem strange that there should be cause for en quiry into the conduct of our ririous public hospitals; The Adelaide hospital leads the way, closely followed by that at Mount Gambier ; and now the Port Augusta hospital somes before the public. A board of en quiry, appointed by the board of manage ment. has been investigating charges against a wardsmari and the steward. I am not in a position to detail the .charges, some of which I understand were very grave, as the report of the boatd of enquiry has not yet been laid' before the general board. Perhaps next week I shall be able to furnish your -readers with particulars of the trouble. Although a resolution was passed at a meeting of shareholders at the Mount Gun- on Mining Syndicate last week affirming the desirability of " winding-up it is very evi dent that the principal shareholders have not lost faith in the property, .bu.t.avg_.coA- sidering a scheme for reforming the Company. Mr Titos. Young was appointed liquidator. I regret to announce that Mr N. A. Webb L.L.B of 'lie firm of Messrs Wigley & Webb solicitors of this town and an occasional con tributor to your columns has during the past week suffered from an attack of inflaruati.-n of the lungs. I understand the crisis is past, and in all probability Mr Webb will be about in a week or two. Mr Donaldson is not to be allowed to resign his position as Stipendiary magi- trate of this important circuit, without some public re cognition of his valuable services to the com munity and the conspicious ability with which he has discharged his magisterial functions. Very many hard and uncompli mentary things hare been said about the Attorney General for the autocratic way in which he attempts to run his department ; and especially, with respect to his action in sending Mr Rudall to undertake the duties of this extensive magisterial district. One needs to travel from Port Augusta to Hergott during the summer months in order fully to app eciate the advantages of a residence down South. 1 would suggest that Mi Kingston try the experiment, and young and sprightly though he may be, I warrant it would result in reducing the quantity of superfluous aaipose tissue, ae carries m-uay. "Genial Charlie" possibly lias an ulteri r mo tive in sending aged S.Ms north, at thisseason of the year. It is whispered that there is a movement on foot for ridding the Service of all officers over 60 years of age and in order to preserve his already waning popularity the Attorney General j possibly deems it, wise vo adjust the districts in such a way, that the increased work and long journeys, will save him the necessity of retrenchment, by killing off those who are so autocratically appointed to the positions. In conclusion allow me to wish you and your readers A VERY MERRY CHRIST- MAS. " 