THE JEALOUS LOVEft. I Between oar tooee and Fenner Raynor's lay two green meadows. It was enrióos enough to look aeróse them and sse tba bright dark groan ot tbs grast in oas, and thajaawow yellow tints of the other. Tbs first, too, was dotted all over with clover, St and whits, snd only how and then a delion grew in the other. , Between tba meadows lay a damp ot tress and bashes, sad an old-faahioned etile. When tba moon wss high, sad a round eilver shield ia the dark night sky, I assd to go down to that stile said sit apon it, looking toward the Baynes tonuetcsd. It was long sad low, with dormer windows on the roof. If,by shanee, I ssw alight ia tba oaa I knew belonged to Ere Baynor's room, I thought I mj tiffi well rswaidad; tor I loved Ero ! Raynor aa knighta in old ronuaoa loved their ! ISAISS. I Toa d hardly believe, after that, that I had never washed bet pretty band, ot said mon than "goodday" saw« paned «tbsroad. Oar tamil in wen not on visiting tarma, sad we navet mat that way. Any other yoong fellow, smitten aa I waa, would have managst to know ber better eosnhow, but 1 ands no effort to win my way tobar liking. Uy own fault, thea, ny yon? Well, par hapa yon sn right, bat tros lon ia always a little fearful of itself. Your flirt is bold enough, but when tbs heart ia touched prettoX away flin oonfMsnss and vanity,aad y ca ny to yourself, "There's Bathing in ms to like," or "fJhetünevnlookatrae; what ie the use of boping V Toaasversawbsr; aad words eaa't tell you jost what she ia. Go oat into the garden sad fini a lily among beds of dahlias sad Qosea Msrgsrsts aad flaunting poppies, aad yoall know bow shs looked amona other giris. Find s pearl among ahrads ol broken gi an and pobsisMnd yooU know what abs eeamed to an to a erowd el otha Ones shs dropped a rad geraainm oat oj hst dsrk hair, aad I peeked it ap from , th« rosd by stealth, ead tsU haU afraid to tonel it-it Beamed so holy. I put it bit assn nj Bible leaves whea I weat home tbs mosl seared plan I sould think of. It is then yet; tm red-brown threads sad somtthisg that looks like a otk* bit of eeorehed paper That WM.aossJng from abarsh ons Sunday, Thenext, while I bsd the noan against mj bosom, and was sitting whets I scold sn tm Ksyncrs' pew, whish wss ander thegsUerj when the sebon-ohildren aaa, a einmey ¡mi of a bey In fall bia hymn-book ovn tbs nil ing. I saw it drop, sad thea saw bar abu forward, and wss beside ber sad had bn oat ia the air ia aa instant, tbs old maa aad wonna fellowing in a terrible fright. Bbl asms to m s moment or so, aad afin all not hart, tot tbs start, mon than the pain, hs¿ made bas faint. And thea I would ban left; but sbanh vms oat, sad all goin| boina, sad the ow people would han me tata tea with then. They anea a fan skoal my I illilawa, too, as thoagh say brats soak ben dom kaw when eb« dropped bas s hon I waa* hoon U taft ia tba wagon, aad I aw karisa bar aad tslksd with bar. It «aa alittkI wensteotparadise. I wish I wera a boy again, aa foolish aad M happy ul WM that night. Wan, the ¡es waa brohea, sad with it, rt BM casa, aa old tend between my people sad tbs Beynon, shoot a trisngnlar patch of groend, not big enough to baQd on, sid too sandy to plant; and tbs old friendship Bpraag op again, sad mother sad Mrs. Baynor took tea together, sod ehatted when they mst. AH I thought of wss tbs ehsnoe ot aesing Eva the oftener, now that wa wets ali on visiting terms. I did ste her. Ia a month we were old fremde. I did not dsn think abs liked me mach ; bat she ehatted and laughed with me, and blushed when I looked at her, as, good mannen or not, I bad to look sometimes; and though I was brown snd baily, with great ted fanner's banda and s voice to match my eize, sometinMS I used to think I'd plant my lily in my hearts garden some day, snd wear my pearl apon my bosom tor Ule. You never would have guessed as I ploughed in the gnst field, or tossed tbs scented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poems that wen in my brain, ander my shock of yellow bair. I've read many and many a poet since then, sad none ever ny ot their lady-loves half what I thought about Eva Biynor when I was busy at the hamblest work. I heard a strain of music ouse, though, that said it sU without shingle word, or it seemed so; tor I stood listening to it with bet hand crushed tight in mine in the shadow. Then waa some gnat man or other at the hotel, and they wen ser. enadiag him. And I felt through har palm, her heart best like soma wild thing. Mine stood ttilL Ws walked away after it was done, and I Bard when all wera out of hearing : "Eve Baynor, it you ever sean to love me, I aban dis f sad bent down to look into her syce ia the moonlight, sad found them wet with tears. land to think no one ein era loved as I did ; I know no ons loved mon. Oas night, ss I was going home (prayen wen nid at tan at the Beynon', and every oas expected to kan st ones), I mst halfway upon tbs toad, which I had tabea bonan tba long spring tain had soaked tba mn dows into two green rearabas, a yoong maa with a portrnantean ia bia hand, tooting shout him with a pound tart of way, as thoagh bs coarsely krMw which path to taha. Hs was, I could sn in tba noonligbt, very haadsosie sad ornead ia a stylo aot oommon in oar country pises. Then wss a flash of gold st his fob, and a shimmer of precious stones on bis ungloved bind, and as I esma nearer, a faint perfume, snob ss som« gida I knew brought into church with them ea their hand- kerchiefs.. Ha was a b'-g fellow, too. despite au then denoste daintineesn ot toilet, sad hie voice was clear and musical, but a thorough man's veno, when he spoke to ms. "Caa you tell me tbs way to the Baynor fara-hoon, air ? It should bs somewhat clon at band, it my meraory nrvn ms." "Straight on," I said; "tbs flin hoon you oom« to OB th« right; yon can't mistake it." " Thank you," aaid ba. 'Tte only fail to tall you, however," said I, "that they sn sU ut bed by this time." Bs laughed. "Ihad forgotten country ways,* «aid he. "However, if my oasis won't let me in. I'll sleep ca tba porch, until morning. Then and to bs a famous porch, with an old bench on it long enough to repon a sjunt." "It isn't-il can't ba little Ned Ware?" cried L "Not littler arid he; "not little any longer, but Ned Ware still. And you ?" "I sm Theodora Brest 1" " We shook hands then. Yean before two barefooted conn try hoya-who had playee in the woods together-friends, as boys will i be despite all family fends, i « He was Farmer Baynor'e nephew, and had I remember, inherited some property, am ? basa acut to a boarding school. I coule ' scarcely batiera that time had altered bim et i -time sad sdaeation, and association witl i pftiiJifd men. i I want back with him to the Riynors', ant saw old slsepy Hepsiba admit him.. Then ] want hean, and all that night dreamei : strange, wfld, jealous dreams of exquisit 1 yootha* more perfect than mortal man coull ! bs, who won Eve Baynor from me. , Ab, me J jealousy js an ill weed-once plan 1 , then'a no end to it. Tbs dnama cami iron» a thought or two I had hardly been eon «goos of; and the thongbte remained when A the dreams were orer. Ha wu har only cousin; but why should , eba be forerer wBJkingwith him, talking to him, anuling on him ? why should he sit be- eide her in church, holding her book for her and einging with ber ? Why should ha look < upon ma as a étranger and rnooopolise her, or endeavor to when I esme, u I had so good a right to do, to spend my evenings at the farm-bouas? Had abs told him? Had any of them told lum of our engagement T I doubted iL And he would be there the summer through. It seemed to mel could not bear it. I bad been so happy sines Ere promised to be mine; now I wu wretched. I grew moody, and eat silent in her presence, while he talked in his own pleasant, brilliant way, making tbs contrast so much greater then it need hare been. " At last I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that-to make he railer something of my pain. I bora the shames from ber one Sunday to the nut. Then, in toe twilight hush of the June even ingl took my way aerees the meadow. . Tba Sabbath silence WM on everything. The far-off chiming ot a church-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. Tba scent of primroses filled fha sir, and the dores in the cots behind the house murmured musically.. I opened the gate, and entered. Beside the gate WM a little rustie arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines. The moon lit this place u sba arose, and, looking into it, I ssw two pictures. Tbs first-Ere Baynor standing, a white statue, in her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The second-Eve Bay- nor caught to Ned Ware's heart with a wild, passionate cry of " Mi lore ! my life !" Ere he unclasped his anns, I Blood before them. I called ber by a bitter name. . I flung at her feet the ring shs had giren me in ex- change for mine. I isid, I scam knew wrist, in my frensy, and strode away, Isaring them dumb and motionless. Half way ores tbs meadow I began to under- stand what had befallen ms-u weunderstand crest woes st last-and .fell upon the long,. damp grase u though I had been shot Long past midnight I crept into my bed- room wudow, and began to puk a few shings ia my carpet beg-linen, and a second cost; tba stoekings knit by my old mother's hands; the little bible shs had giren me, and my sisadas stock of money. Then, on a scrap of paper, I wrote thia note and slipped it ander my pillow ; Data Morass-Don't think hard of ms do not think I do not lore you. - Toa sro tbs only being I now lore in the world; but I osnnot stay st Elms-I sennet breathe its air. Era Baynor hu Jilted Bsv and I should go mad were I - to see har daily with ber lover, M I must If I gemein. I shall take to eeaurmg lile, I think, and if I ever find myself better of my hurt, I shall . come* back to yoa again. I don't hope it, thoagh. Itu too deep and sore. God bless yon, and good-by. Tour bring son, ' THEODORE BBXST. Then I clambered ont of tbs window; snd. ~ before I took tbs high rood to the esr depot, went to tbs dear old etile to take the lut. ? look at Eve's horns, over whose threshold, in an haman probability, I should never pass again. < ' White M s ghost the moos scudded through gathering clouds, white in her light lay the farm-house, with its eloping roof snd dormer windows beyond the yellow field ; against the background of moonlit wall rose the clamps of currant bushes, and the curved outline of that rustic arbor. About me rose dark elms, and dank, tbiek grass. Only the step of the stile waa silver-lit amid the shadows. That N and the upper ridges of the bar, and ono knot11 ' of s dead elm tree. I took it all off apon my heart. I said : «Heaven forgive ber! He can never love ber u I do I" .and then I strode away toward the - station. It WM two good miles swsy, bat the early train had not arrived when I reached the place. I ut down in the waiting-room ; ~ bat for shame I could have wept like a wo- man. I beard the ringing of a bell-the scream of a whistle. . The train WM coming. There wu a chattering without about sundry trunks belonging to two old women who had jost come ap in s wagon, and the door of the waiting-room wu flung open, and a traveller walked in. I lifted my eyes, It WM Ned Ware. He WM aa pele as living man could be. Despite bis triumph, he looked wretched; He paced tile floor for a moment or so, snd then stopped and looked at ms. For the first time in my life I wanted to loll a thing Clod made. May He forgive me for it I We looked st each other in dead silence. Ned broke it. " Where are you going ?" he laid. * "What ia that to you? Ton insult me by speaking to me. Toa bare robbed ma- let that suffice. It is dangerous to apeak to me just hos. For Eve's sake I warn yon to leave me." "So/hove robbed y OK?" he said, with a "Tel. Ton know shs WM mine. I warn yea again. Go !" Ha toldad his arms and looked at ma. - " I am going," ha said. " The bsd within < ms is struggling to make me go in silence.: Tbs good Mya apeak. I'll try to obey the good, attie M there is of it. Yon sis halt mad, Theodore Brest You have seen and heard with a jealous man's eyes and ears. Yoa are not robbed. I wish yoa were. I don't deny it. Bat Eve Biynor is yours - not mine*" " I nsw her in your arms," said I. He laughed s bitter lauRb. " Listen," he said. ." I .have only s mo- ment ; for I do not wish to be left st Elma, and the train is coming. Yoa gave me a week. I knew yon loved tbe girl, but I loved her abo. I did my best. Last night I ventured all, and lost. She told me you were her betrothed husband, snd that abs cared nothing ipr me." Down the road cams the shrieking train ; the bell WM clanging. He caught up his portmanteau. " I clasped her to my heart," he went on. " lt WM a mad thing to- do ; but it was an adieu, and against ber will. Madman ! go back and beg ber pardon for the words yon said 1 If she forgives yoa, I would give s king- dom to take your place. A kingdom ? Bah ! tbs world ! " All aboard!" yelled avoice at the door. 41 You believe me ?" he asked. "God bless yoa-God reward you!" I grasped. Bot he was gone ere I could clasp bis band. I never forgot him, bot I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall. I went home in tbs dawning of tho day. I tore the note which I had written ia frag- ments. I knelt down and prayed as I had not prayed sines I WM-a little child, and in tbs early morning I Bought Eve Bay nor- ... She forgave me. She pitied and under- stood me. Era wa parted, our lips met, M ot yore, and ere the summer waned, she was mywifs. _ " Wa ara old people now, and children tau and strong gstber about our hearth at even« tide; and the eldest of them all, tba tall youth yonder, with hie mother's velvet ey«, ii named Edward Ware. So we christened bim in raemory ot that noble rival who, in bia own great grief, had mercy upon mine. - 