Chapter V. WHAT THE EEV. MB. LYDIATS BEVEBIE KE BULTED IN. " The couquette Ib indeed one degree towards the jilt: but the heart of the former is bent upon ad miring herself, and giving false hopes to her lovers." —Stbelb. " I think the cloth has a leaning towards whist," B&id; Mr. Cavendish, authoritatively. " My brother—I believe I have mentioned him to'you before, Mr. Lydiat—was very fond of a doable dammy game—he wasn't a bishop then, by- the-by—and one ot the best players £ ever knew was a prebendary of Westminster." It was to the Rev. Mr. Lydiat that this remark was addressed, following an allusion from Captain Chuck to the good cards Father O'Donnell invariably Beemed to bold. "Faith!" the priest had replied, "they tell me, ' Lucky with carruds, unlucky with a wife 1' Now as I'm debarrnd from trying me luck with the one, 'tis but fair I should have the benefit of the doubt, and get it the one way at laste. Now isn't that the truth, MiBS Sara CavendiBh ?" Sara considered a smile of acquiescence answer sufficient to Father O'Donnell's query. She was conveniently placed for the position of umpire, being seated to the right of Captain Chuck and next to the communi cative Father. The last board-ship dinner was over. The chief steward, like a dame on breaking-hp day, bad unearthed dainties from the depths of his lazarette that gave an air of Sunday festivity to the dessert—notably the ginger, stringy and lack-syrupy, and a pyramid of shrivelled appleB, eacred hitherto to Sabbath indulgences. The mild Australian spring air was circling round the saloon. Table and passengers reflected the mellow light of the la6t yellow sunbeams. At the same hour on the morrow what' a revolution would have been brought about in the. lives of each I It was natnral that they ehonld linger a little longer at the table than of custom. For reasons, too, apart from the snmptnousness of the dessert, though Sara-smiled as she noted the ab stracted air' With which Mrs. M'Bride drew into some nnseen receptacle walnnts, almonds, raisins, and biscuits for the re galing at future unseemly hours of Terence, and Larry, and Corny, and Kate, and Mike, and baby M'Bride. The Rev. Me. Lydiat did qr>t attempt to confute Mr. Cavendish on the question of the partiality of prebendaries for whist He was thinking of something so widely different, being seated, in fact, just opposite to Sara, who, fresh from her afternoon sleep, was looking adorably pensive in her black dress edged with a soft white frill that took a heart-shaped curve in front, just wide enough to show the exquisite hollow in the lower part of her throat She was still car rying on the same train of thought Were there cliques in Melbourne? How terrible if she should find herself hopelessly sub merged among the second-rates. What pre the idea of impressing such a person as her cousin George—and to Sara the impressing of strangers was a delight of daily renewal, Hardily anybody hitherto had been quite etolid under the first surprise ot her beauty. But her sph?re on the Henrietta Afona a very restricted one. Yet what a harsh fate it was umv iimuc ua vw . , , stricted sphere, lest m that unexpbred one she must enter upon to-morrow her world should be peopled with parvenus ! Her meditations, it is clear, were thoroughly practical. But, as her expression gave her the air of thinking out an unwritten poem, Mr. Lydiat could only see in her a being to be enshirined in the holiest sanctum of a man's heart. The only side of woman s nature he had studied so far was that de based side of which the better impulses are at most erratic and simply emotional. What other study, in noint of fact, had his drmk sodden parishioners in the East of London afforded him? It was nbtural now that he should err simply from want of experienCe^p what may be called the conventional .ytotang lady Bide of woman's nature. It ^as natural that, having known for eight years violent extremes of perversity, he should imagine in so opposite a type a corresponding extreme of purity. Sara was .absorbed for many inBtanta of every day in the contemplation of subjects certainly not criminal, and no less certainly very far from elevated—following the Rev. Mr. Lydiat's conception of eleva tion. She bad a fancy for imagining becoming dresses. She would build up a delightful wardrobe in the air, enter ing into as many details of her airy outfit as though it could be instantly materialised.' And she liked to imagine a becoming back ground for her own beautiiul person, in which a husband with the essentials of good birth and unlitfiited money, and the desirable qualifications of an air of distinction and great devotion to her, filled a reasonable space. In his walkB up and down the main deck, Mr. Lydiat bad often seen her lost in day-dreams, such as it would have seemed to him almost sacrilegious to disturb. Though it is Drobable that the only notion he would have' been guilty of upsetting bad reference to the shape of an imaginary velvet train. Still, with women as with creeds, it matters little what particular kind we profess, pro vided we invest them with the attributes that make them answer our needs. It is true that if a shorthand writer had taken down for Mr. Lydiat's edification every word uttered by Sara in the course of a day, he would have found it hard to extract therefrom a single sentence that he might have treasured away. Yet, it it pleased him to ascribe to her silence a sweet and modest comprehension, and to perceive in her lowly-uttered replies a virginal reticence of sublime ideas—the de lusion, at least, was a pleasing one. And when — for the old promptings were stronger than ever to-night—when he should have fought down his love into its proper state of subjection to his duty—how it would help him through bis work to think of Sara's eyes. Was ever so ingenious a self-deceiver? For if he was now content to worship woman's purity in the abstract for the re mainder of bis days, why did he pass so entirely by Margaret—unobstrusive Mar garet, reading with heated cheeks nnder the awning, to her mother of an afternoon ? Not so Buggestive, certainly, of a travelled Saint Cecilia as Sara, bat so full of thought for others that day- dreams bearing upon vandyked flounces could find no room in her busy brain. And why did he neglect to beBtow a part of his immaterial adoration upon Nora M'Bride—an untidy, whole hearted little maiden of fifteen, with skirts pulled out of Bhape by the chronic dragging they underwent from yonnger brothers ana sisters in the juvenile clawing stage— with hair " crepe" into tangled frowsi ness by a long succession of Baby M'Brides, and nose that never rested suffi ciently from the attacks of baby finger-nails to allow itself to assert its pretty pertness— with mouth always opening into a laugh at the eccentricities of the latest and most adored baby of all—and the sweetest voice in a lullaby that tired ears might wish to hear? Why did he long so restlessly,,on this last night of all, for just the smallest sign of personal interest from Sara—a look- only—pro vided he might recall it to the end of his life, and say "She read me aright." He would have been ashamed this evening, even in his own eyes, to attempt so transparent a fraud as the study of the Organum, Hitherto it had been his cuBtom to leave the table earlier than the rest—knowing before-hand the succession in which Captain Chuck would tell the same Btories, and Mr. Cavendish would make mention of his brother the bishop, and Father O'Donnell would contra dict Mr. M'Bride on the subject of the true nature of Irish grievances. To-night—he could not go away. Moreover, what faith was be to place in the reality of bis victory over self, if he muBt shun Sara's presence, leBt he should be betrayed by the strength of the feeling against which he believed him self to have struggled so successfully? I am inclined to think, however, that Sara's astuteness in such matters was greater than even Margaret had inferred, and that the Rev. Mr. Lydiat would have learnt with surprise that he had betrayed himself at least a hundred times already. If nothing short of a declaration in a few set words could apprise a woman that she was foremoBt in any one man's heart, 1 Love—the secret sympathy, The silver link, the silken tie "— would be much too prosaic a theme for poets and novelists to descant upon through cen turies innumerable. " Madam, will you have me ?" "You sur prise me greatly, sir." " Yes—or no," and all would he said. It is the mysterious be ginning, the tracing of the mutual sensation, with reference to which Shakepe&re; has hidden us " Let every eye negotiate for it self," that fills the poem ahA the romance. Not many women are really taken by sur prise when the proposal .comes at last. It is the inevitable crisis in a series of symptoms they have been studying and experiencing for more or less time, according to the bola or timorous disposition of their .lovers. Of coarse, 1 am 'referring to unhampered love, of the which either board-ship love 1 or pastoral lore ate very fair examples, the sea, indeed, having even more potency than has been ascribed to bucolic influences in leading the mind to defy worldly trammels, which may account for the unconsidered marriages along voyage has so often been known to bring about. I wonder whether such a voyage as those old explorers were wont to make, setting out with no surer goal than the westerly sun be fore them, might have been long enough to diminish to Sara's view the magnitude of the terrestrial objects she prized so much. Whether, after two years' sailing through strange seas, thick as . soup in parts with weeds, reflecting in others insubstantial pomps and glories, she might have imagined before the end of her jonrney that there was something within her reach better worth living for than the dresses she was to wear at the end of it, the position she was to assure herself by her marriage, the dread of being hedged in by parvenus. No such imaginings had arisen as yet, perhaps because the voyage by the Henrietta _ Maria was hardly a four months' affair at its best, perhaps because it was not the time, but the imagination, that Sara lacked. Such imaginings at least would have their effeefc, .with Melbourne so close that tbe Queenschff lights were already clearly discernible in tbe distance. Margaret pointed them out to her sister as the two girls ran up the zinc-lined steps that led from the saloon to the main-deck overhead. "Yes," assented Sara, wondering whether the dim lights in the distance could represent the Queenscliff that had been described to her as the resort of " the wealth and tashiba of Melbourne." "The humdtum life is all but over, and now for a worse one, I'm afraid ! -Do you know, Maggie—tedious as it was—I'd almost pledge myself to go straight back again in tbe Henrietta Maria, if I could! only escape that hateful family meeting to-morrow." "Why?"said Margaret, surprised. —l^BeCSuie it's all so incongruous—can't you seel* What's Uncle Piper to us? If he'd bad the grace to die and 'leave us his money, I could understand it But to send for us twelve thousand miles, and expect us to be in a constant state of effusiveness—I can't tell you how I hate it I'm sure papa abominates it t And an old butcher, too 1 Maggie 1 I never seem to have realised the full horror of it as I do now—when it's too late." A pause. "Do you think I'll have to kiss them ?" " I wonder whether you care for mamma at all, Sara !" was Maggie's irrelevant answer, made in a somewhat constrained voice. " That's right 2" said Sara, with the air of aFperson who has been unjustifiably at tacked. "Take it tbe wrong way, as usual I" " You weren't" asleep, were you ?" pursued Margaret, thoughtfully, " when mamma was telling ns all about her early life in the cabin yesterday afternoon ?" " Oh ! I've beard it all before. ■ So have you I" retorted Sara. " He could have gone on Bending money if he was so anxious to help us—or he could " " I think it's a hundred times kinder," in terrupted Margaret, to promise papa an appointment out here. I wonder, if you are so proud, that you like the notion of having us all pensioners npon a person you.would feel ashamed to thank." " I wouldn't feel at all ashamed to thank him—in a letter." " But you tbiuk it a frightful humiliation to be brought into contact with him." " Not a humiliation, exactly; but it's a coming down—you can't deny it. And the terrible part of it is that I don't see what's to rescue us. We won't begin life in Melbourne as the Cavendishes, but as connections of Mr. Piper." i " That's better than being his hangers-on in England, at leaBt!" "Maggie!!!" with three notes of exclama tion in her tones. " What a temper 1 Don's charge me with being undutiful to mamma, or I shall retaliate on behalf of papa. It's cold. I suppose you want that woollen thing of yours, don't you?" "Here, take it, I'll get another!" said Margaret, subsiding into ber accustomed position the moment anything tangible was to be sacrificed to Sara. It was only a prin ciple, or a point involving ber affections, that Maggie would not sacrifice. She threw her wrap around her sister's shoulder, who, bend ing her stately head.that overtopped Margaret's by at least a couple of incheB, expressed her thanks by rubbing her cheeks caressingly against the hands that were swathing her. Margaret w&b; more then repaid. She ran with a light-hearted Beusation below to find herself another covering. On returning a few minutes later with oue of those mazea of white and scarlet wool known as "clouds" to the initiated, she found Sara had gone. Maggie looked anxiously round, and scan ning the deck by the uncertain light of the stars, descried her sister's figure, with its back towards her, standing against the opposite bulwark, and facing tbe Victorian coast " Still deploring Uncle Piper's connection, I'll be bound!" thought Maggie. "Poor Sara 1 If anyone has a right to be fastidious it is she. I wasn't half consoling enough." She was advancing primed with words of sympathy and reassnrance, when suddenly she stopped short Sara was not alone. Standing dose by her side in tbe shade Mar garet recognised the ontline of a man—tall, square, breathing even in the half unreal illumination on deck a something of earnest ness and intensity of purpose. Sara's head was Bligbtiy inclined towards it, but her statuesque outline was immovable. Was it pain that Margaret felt? She would never have admitted that it was pain. And can that be called so that we do not recog nise as such ? Besides, had she not foreseen this from tbe days when the vessel lay becalmed in tbe doldrums, and she had noted the Rev. Mr. Lydiat's expression, trans figured, as it were, at the close of hiB address to the children ? Yes, ehe had known it from the beginning! Just as we often know, when there is sickness in the house, that death is waiting at the bed-head ; yet start,as though he had taken us unawareB, when the moribund gives up ihislbeing. There was only one fear. Would Sara feel that her lot was above all others a favoured one ? True, Margaret bad allowed she should have dwelt in palaces; yet even in the "divinity" that " doth hedge a king " there did not seem to be the power .of inspiring snch joy as in the divinity that surrounds a being wholly worthy of belief. Margaret, it mnBt be opined, re&Boned; according to ber nature, essentially woman-like in its proneness to worship. She had long ago passed through the early stage of hero-making, having often smiled since at the ineligible qualifications of her heroes, but she never relinquished her funda mental and romantic principle that there can be no blessing equal to the finding of an anchorage for the affections in a heart worthy of entire and unreserved confidence. Would she, then, have grudged Sara this first of blessings, when from the time of receiving her within her childish arms'a blessing of any sort would have had no meaning for her that could not be transferred to ber sister? Anything but that] Yet bow overcome an uncontrollable misgiv ing that a blessing of this nature had not the same value in Sara's eyes as in her own? Her step lacked the buoyancy of tread it bad possessed erewhile, as she descended the I saloon steps for the second time. The ir radiation of the phosphorus seemed to bsve been transformed into a very feeble glimmer, and she-went quietly below to ber cabin, where, more than half-an- hour later, Sara found her, busying herself in packing those overlooked odds and ends that seem to ac cumulate at Bea almost as marvellously .as they accumulate on shore. She was finding available corners in portmanteaus, and fitting books into vacant spaces with extraordinary nicety; her eyes shining, her cheeks—not burning as of custom—but almost white. The unnsnal pallor was so becoming to Mar garet that she might fearlessly have walked abroad with Sara, not as foil now, nor as owing every Btray glance that rested npon her entirely to the reflected lustre of nee sister's beauty. Sara did not fail to notice the change. "Why. Maggie I How long have yon been here ? I've been looking for you everywhere. You look like your town ghost Has anything happenedf . „ . Noftiing, dear 1" said Mwswet. tafltipg hAr back as Bhe knelt before the,open trunk. ''But, oh, Sara! do tell me, dear—are you 'l'flere was aomething in the tremulous utterance, in tbe almost vehement manner, as coming from quiet, collected Margaret, that made Sara look at her with astonish 111 ^Because," continued Margaret, confused, " I think—I don't know—isn't - it -.that, Sara ?" " * ' V Being still on her knees, though she had turned round as she said.the last. Words, the anxious expression in her £yes as bhe looked up at her sister for a response gave her the air of a pale petitioner Valting for-a re pI" You're too wise, Maggie," replied Sara, laughing. " Do you want to hear all—aU about it?" ■ „ " Please," said Margaret resolutely—"all." " In the first place, then, said Sara, taking a pillow from Margaret's berth and patting it into a Beat for herself on the door, " 1 must pay you a compliment upon your discrimination. Oh, don't he modest I You read faces wonderfully—I always Baid so." "Some, perhaps," said Margaret rather sadly; "but this was reading an expres sion more than a face. Any one might do that." "And what did the expression tell you?" asked Sara, her eyes animated with feminine triumph—an excusable triumph, because so natural. The craving for powpr in Borne form or another is almost an instinct, and the sense of its possession that must needs follow such an avowal as Sara had;ju6't heard on deck might well fill her eyes with triumphant Ight. . , '' Well, what did it tell you?" Bhe repeated. • * aL!^1_ J _ vr _ I Al. "Say what you think—do, Maggie—and then perhaps 1'il tell you the truth. perhaps L. . "It told me," said Maggie, with effort, "that you had filled up a good man's heart and soul—yes, you may smile, Sara, at my way of expressing it—but that is what I mean. The expression you want me to interpret does not take a kit from that other expression. It is goodness, nothing else—not Sunday-school goodness, but the sort of goodness that must come from having a Btrong mind, and bending it all to the carry ing out of one's idea of what is noble." " What a (low of eloquence, Maggie ! And you used to sit like a mouse in the corner, at Madame Thonon's debating society—do you remember? But, Apropos of the strong mind. If it was all lull of the noble purpose, where was the space for poor me ?" "I think be had idealised you, Sara! I don't mean to say anything uncomplimentary, dear—you know that I Consider you worthy of a throne!—but I think he blehded this ideal conception somehow with his other high aims ; and—well—1 don't think he was in love with you in an ordinary way." " I've never admitted that be was 'in love' with me at all yet," Baid Sara". " You must know, Maggie, all this happened quite by chance to-night. I was looking over the side of the ship at the lighthouse, you know, thinking of tiiose hateful - - Pipers, ' and wondering whether we'd be at their mercy by this time to-morrow night, when a voice— I knew whose it was directly, though it sounded rather muffled—said, cloBPjtJjmy side, 1 You are taking leave of the phosphorus, Miss Sara?' I wasn't thinking of the phosphorus in the least, as- it happened. 'I wish.all leave-taking J came as easily,' I said, never dreaming , that I -jyas going to explode a mine. But, Maggie, you should have heard the change in his voice! It almost terrified mei ' Do you mean it ?' he cried. The way in which he said'it~ sounded almost fierce, if yon can understand. And before poor I could say a word, or ;do any thing but simply stare at him. in astonish ment "—a smile from Margaret, who knew of old the witchery of glance'implied }by Sara's "stare"—"a torrent of words came out—I can't remember balf of them—but really 1 almost felt as if we were acting a play. I wish 1 had them written down |" ■ ■ ■ " Give me the meaning of them, if you can, will you, Sara ?" said Margaret gently. " Ob, you know tbe meaning, Maggie, well enough. 1 think he began.by saying that lie had determined to keep hit secret, to himself —a fine secret when even you 'gribpabd itr and that to have met a ' perfect type of womanhood'—1 remembered those words, because no one ever called me that before— should be encouragement^ or support, or something of the sort enough all one's life. You see he mixed up his faith with it in a way that bewildered me. But now, he said, the iaint hope my words had given him— I am sure there wasn't any meaning of the ] kind in them, but I didn't like to disappoir , „ disappoint him by saying so—the fairit hope-my words bad given him broke down all ' prudential considerations.' Isn't that well remembered ? And, at least, be would tell me that hence forth—by which he gave me to understand that be meant to the very end of his days he would cherish, next to his religion of course, his recollection of me, or my image, at any rate. I really can't remember how he Baid this part of it. It's the funniest sort of love-making, if yon come to think of it, for the upshot of it seemed to be that if at any time of my life I had a sort of penchant lor him, he'd come from the other world to marry me. And in the meantime I'm his 'lady,'and he's my knight, or, rather, he's like one of those good-natured people you can always fall back upon at a party if somebody you don't like asks ypu to dance; in fact, if one were frightfully unlucky in: all one's offers he'd always be there as a pis-aller." Apis aUer I When poor Margaret would have cut off her feet or walked upon kmveis, like the little mermaid in Andersen's tales, it i thereby Bhe could have testified to her long ing to serve him, ; 'And you didn't say you cared for him, bara I" : llTWhy Bhonld IT' said Sato,, open-eyed. He s very well I I like him in a way, but you wouldn't haveme Jive like that dissent ing miniRtor'o vxrifn of "I——J , (VVUli WCI JL un Know what else we're going'for .1? there are such different ways of bettering oneself," pleaded Margaret, as if tom,ue-re«^ooint "et Bister proxy. "What, would it be to you to wait f6r a little I" Then, ^ vo,c® orwhich the intonation sounded advi«iliJQ Sam's .ears, "Tell me—I could ause better if you would tell me, dear—you don t care for him rigidly, do you T" different I might have said,' yea. Mnrni0. J00 M be. were rich?' baked that prnfA^ cRQi taHeoftoh of jwmetfaing mat gcfttednn Sara's ears. i.. i . ■ that « % town-it*-« you will put it in BhoniH^/' i ^ know wba.t I > like, arid bow I, civo l? < towarde anyone who :couldo't: .livsr. caring about more than one woman in a life time. Well! I should star he must be thirty, at least, by this time, and tie he's never cared about anyone before, I don't suppose he's likely to change, even if he wanted to.' " To change ! Oh, ho 1" said Margaret. She turned to her trunk again, and went to her packing with a will, her fingers trembling a little as she smoothed out the top layer of all. What a world ot misfits it Was. How one creature might'spurn what another would have treasured so rapturously I For what was itbutthe spurning of proffered, love to speak of it as a pis aller—a something to be held over for use if nothing better offered? And it was as fruitless to look for any responsive aentiment in Sara as to look for enthusiasm regarding the sun light from a mole. Even the foundation for it was lacking in sudh a nature as herb. Margaret doubted whether Sara waB capable of feeling any kind of love beyond that purely instinctive family regard common to such as do not hate their belongings. To enjoy bodily luxury and be treated with con sideration, these, then, were all her de sires. Still, had Margaret any right to quarrel with her sister because she aid not see the Rev. Mr. Lydiat through another's eyes? Surely not; and Margaret told herself that bad Sara attested her inability to love him as a reason for her coldness, she could have respected the reason without entirely comprehending it. But how could she respect the calculating, worldly reasoning advanced so transparently by Sara? ^r. Lydiat, Bhe bad admitted, was not distasteful to her. She might have been bought at a price, had be wooed her with gold in his hand. Failing which, he might lavish his heart's store of devotion upon her through a lite-long stretch of years unavailingly. If Sara had seen in him the tenth part of the qualities that Margaret saw, she would have had no fear as to the future. HiB wife would want neither for food nor clothes, nor decent habitation, nor lack the necessaries of life. Though heaven only knows what different meanings may attach to that simple word—all arising, I sincerely believe, from our different con ceptions of the nniverse. For Sara, with the cravings of an odalisque, it was a very solid world—capable of affording happiness only through its tangible parts. Whereas for Margaret though she had found it, indeed, a working-day world, its material good seemed trilling compared with a good wholly independent of it, But Sara studied her sensations only. '' Margaret 1" she said, after a long pause, during wbich Margaret nod been thinking all the tilings I have recorded. " Well!" " Margaret, don't put away that tin of pre served milk. I asked the steward for some dessert biscuits on my way down; and if you'll get a plate from the saloon, we.can have a feast Don't look so cross about it! I suppose I'm not to be hungry next, because I've had an offer!" * 