Message of the Bells. By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of ' Jacohi's wife,' ' Under FaUe Pretences,' &c;, &e.; [All Queensland Bights Reserved.] I. The Christmas Bella were pealing overheid. The climes, flung out from a lofty steeple into the isildand blustering night, rose and fell upon the wingB of the winds, now lost entirely in the rush of ihe winter storm, now sweeping with magical clearness across the ears of listeners in the silent streets below. Thu3 changing from mement to moment, the sound had a curiously eihcreal tflc-ct, it seemed to typifv the eternal Older of things, whereby, above the darkness, tempest, aid desolation of earth Ij sorrow, celestial voices were continually proclaiming peace and goodwill to men. But transcendental meanings of this kind were lost npon one listener '? Those belU are enough to deafen one,' said Stephen Hatfield to himself, as the chimes broke clearly upon bis ear in a momentary lull cf the driving wind. 'Haven't we din enough all day without hav ing it at night aa well r' Din enough there was likely to be in the places he knew best. Bedford was a large manufacturing town and a great railway junc tion, and Stephen Hatfield was a signalman on one of the lines that Btretched away from the 6 tat ion in bewildering intricacy. Hia box was a lonely spot. Sounds from the town, however, reached it easily enough — theclank of hammers, the throb of great engines, the whirr oi wheels from neighbouring factories, the clash ef tells from the church steeples, the thunder oi heavily laden waggons over stony streets — these were familiar to him, and almost indis tinguishable one from another. But late on Christmas Eve such disturbances had ceased. The howling of the wind, tho pealing of the Christmaa bella, could alone be heard ; nnd yet Stephen Hatfield grumbled at the noise. There must have been something peculiarly disturbing to him in tho souud. He was a dark- faced, reticent ruin, with a stoop in his shoulders, and a way of looking at people from beneath hia heavy 'eyebrows that wes not particularly agreeable. A perpetual frown had settled upon hid low, brond brow. Hia countenance waa yet Esd rather than moresa ; the mouth wua contracted as if from constant pain, and the dark eyca wero melancholy when Been in repose. The face ex pressed power of a certain kind ; something lay behind its qnictude, something hiddeu and BuppreeEed. What it was, perhaps he himself could havo scarcely told. He was making his way along the lino to his box, going Blowly, because it was not quite time yot to relieve his mate, and swinging a lantern in his hand. With his head down, and his lips muttering objurgations on tho bells, ho did not notice the figure of a man that came towards him, paeeed him, and turned buck with a stilt. He heard, however, when his name was called. ' Hatfield 1 Stephen Hatfield ! You're tho man I came to Bee.' 'Who is it f' ' It's me : George Dene. Don't yon. re rtenjter me?' Hatfield started in his turn, and raised tho lantern so that its light fell on tho new-comer's face. 'George Dene !'hessid; 'Ay, Iremember. What brings you to Bedford, George Deno F' 'Ain't you going to Bhake hands, Stephen ?'' aaid a friendly voice. ' Don't you bear malice, old man ! I've come to tell you that I've got work in Bedford, and me and Grace thought wo'd find you out first thing.' 'You tnd Giace !' repeated tho man strangely. He continued to awing the lantern to and fro, without looking at hia old acquaint ance or seeming to notice tho offer of his hand. ' Why should you try to find me— you— and Graoe f' The other — he was a much younger man — burst into a cheery laugh. ' Why, to make friends with you, old man !' ho cried. 'Friends as we used to be, you know, before fhis — this — shadow, this— sort of clond— came ovor us. It's all past now, Eursly. It's five years ago, and you've not remembered it against me all this time, have you, Steve ?' ' Yes, it's five years ago,' aaid Stephen, moodily, with his oyes upon the ground. Georgo Dene stared at him for a moment, but saw that Hatfield's words were not intended as an answer to his appeal. ' We've had a very happy five years om thcwhoJe,'hewent on. 'OurBeoond little baby died, but the eldest is alive and hearty. . . . She ifi a laro ono for four years old, our Polly is. . . . And we took the oorner cottage in Elam road, the one with the sweet-briar bnah before tHe donr and tho green ehuttors. . . . Why, now I come to think of it, tho very houeoyou thought of taking for yourself — Good Lord, Stephen, are you ill i' fie had caught a glimpse of Stephen's face, and tho look of Buffeting npon it staggered him. 'No, I'm not ill,' said Hatfield, more gruffly than ever. ' Go on with your tale. What were you saying?' But what George Baid he did not hear. In tho darkneES of the night a picture rose before his mind's eve — a vision of the little house that waa onco to have been hiB own ; of the trim littlo garden, the Bhining windows, the spotless cleanlincEs of the tiny rooms ; the mistress of the whole, a slim fuir girl with Emiling oyes and tbe Eunshino in her hair, who wont about her work with tuch a sweetness of love and hopo upon he-r gentle face— ah ! thofco belonged to another man, and he waa homeleas and alone ! Houec, wile, obildren— George Dene had taken everything, and now he came with his foolieh offer of iriindt'hip, his hope that all the past had been forgotten ! What did ho mean? Was the man mad to think that ho, Stephen Hut field, could either forget an injury or forgive it? .... Wonld thoso bells never cease, then, with their eternal refrain of peace and goodwill— peace and goodwill to men? . . . He bated the whole world, nnd of all tho world's inhabitants ho hated Georgo Deno the most. ' I must get to my work,' f e said, dally. ' Thompson's waiting for mo. Is there aught elEO you want to say ?' 'Do you mean that you won't bo friends with mo?' asked Dene, with a glimmer of tmth dawning upon bis mind. Hatfield turned on him with an oath. ' Why should I bo friends with you ? ' he de manded [avagely. 'Why have you the in boUnou to come and auk mo ? Didn't you rob me if the only woman I oared for, of tho he me I wanted to have, of all that makes a man's life worth anything '- Then you aek mo to le friends with you ! Get out of my way ; I'll not answer for myuolf if you jorao too near. I hate you both, you with your lien and jour boattingB, and her with her foolish, falflo Jflce OEd her ficl/lo heart ? ' 'Stop!' tboutcd George Dene. 'You shan't (peak of my wife in that way — you— you——' ' Out of tho road, you fool !' said Hatfield contemptuously. 'Take hook what you said 1' he oried. ' I'll have her called fake and foolish by no man 1 I'll teach you better mane era, Stephen Hat field— by tho Lord, I will.' ' Out o' tho .road !' repented Hatfield. ' What, you won't, you fool ? Take that, and go to the devil !' Eo struck Mm and pu-hed forward. He heard n cry, a thud as of a body fulling, bat he w- u'd cot look round. He oxpooted that George vould bo after him in a moment, sweating, foaming at the mouth with rage, and vowing vongeancn. Georgo Dene- wiib in tho main a good-natured fellow, but subject to fits of unbridled pueeion. Hatfield was prepared for ono of these. But no sound cf voico or stop pursued him. The wind perhapa drownod the voico of either ; the wind and tho pealing of tho bells. Iro Bently Stephen stood still, rniecd his lantern, and looked behind him — nothing but tho dark ness, and in tho distance the lights of tho station could be seen. It seemed to him that tho lamps ought to show him the figuro of a man making his way back to tho platform ; but there was nothing of the kind to bo dis tinguished. Wait ! what did ho eoo ? A dark something rising from tho ground — stumbling again and lying prone across tho line ? Hat field laughed grimly to himself. 'I've given him what ho wen't forget in a hurry,' ho muttered. The whole interview had not taken fivo minutes, but he was astonished to find that ho waa not late at his post. He noticed, vaguely enough, tbnt a man brushed against him as he arrived at his place — a stranger, not Gnorgo Dene— acd he wondered what a strangor could be doing in that unfrequented aud somewhat dangerous spot. Dangerous to thoeo who did not know the in« and outs of the lino ; a forbidden place to the general public, of whioh Georga Dene was ono. Had he got up and gono away ? Or was he still roaming in reoklesa fi^hion about these iron ways ? Hatfield paused bofora entering his iron box to wonder whether he ought to go back and satisfy his mind upon this point. Bat why should he trouble him self? be thought. George Dene wus a man who took excellent care of himself ; no fear about his safety. And thus sneering, ho took his place in the Bignal- box. The London expreea was due in ten minutea' time. It occurred to him, with a shudder, that this train piesed over the lines close to the spot where he and George Dene had etood talking. ' Lucky we didn't stay much longer ; he migh nrt hove got away so easy,' he said to him eelf, taking ic for granted that George Deno hid got away. Then he devoted his attention to the tignals and tried to think no moro of the scene that had passed. But bis brain seemed to be on fim. He was not confused in mind ; but Iu waa reBtles?, ready to ftart at every ecund, to ex aggerate every impression. The wind had dropped a little, the bells hud ceased to ring. In the silenco, which seemed to him almost unnatural, he heard the distant murmur of the train long milea away. Little by little the murmur grew ; he Baw the lights in the dis tance, he eaw the reddened vapour as tha black monster ruehed out of the darkness, sweeping roui/d thfc curve of the line, thundering over the metale, and shaking the signal-box as it flew by. He etood in his place, lamps glowing brightly above him, business-like, apparently impassive aa UBual — but conscious of a curious keenneee of all the senECB, as if he were en dowed with eyes that saw further, ears that heard more, than thore of mortal men. What did he aee ? What did he hear ? It was as if lightning had ft shed and shown him a gruceomo scene. There was a mav lying on the rails in the track of the advancing train. Ho did not move : he did not drag him self away aB it came on. Nobody saw him. Hat field would have ehonted to him if he had been able to speak ; but his tongue waa glued to the roof of bia mouth, and he could not get it free. Jntt as the engine rushed forward, the doomed man lifted his head and knew his fate. Hat field saw the agonised countenance, the look of horror in the distended eyes, the agony of tho shrinking limbs. Then the flying (vheels passed on. ... The signalman saw no more. Only sn agonised shriek, a terrible moan, rang in his eara for a moment ; then nil was still. Hatfield cametobimselfwithastart. Hefound himself trembling from head to foot, covered with cold perspiration, and deeply impressed with tho relief that what he had Been had really occurred. The scene was aa real aud vivid to him riB though he had been present, and the shriek of tbe tortured man aa the train paeped over his body seemed still to re echo in hia ears ; but he know well enough that it wub ntterly impossible for him to have beheld anything of the kind, or to have heard a hundried cries aB the deafening roar of tho ex press train passed down the line. And yet he had teen it all so plainly ! Just aa one might behold a whole landscape illuminated by a lightning flarfi, so, he reflected, he had caught Hues, the distant station, the platform with its rowB of lights, the poplars, and the old church-tower in the background. And in the midet of all, that prostrate form, that terrible advancing train ! He turned sick and cold when he thought of it. In a few minutes he remembered the trains ; and, on h oking at hia watch, fonnd that not moro than five minutes had gone by since the paffiDg of the express. There was not another train due for some little time. He vae glud of it : ho wanted to collect his thought a and steady hia shaken nerves. What did this: vision mean ? ' It means a Warning,' said Haifield, shaking as if he had the palsy, and oaating his eyes around the signal box in awful fear of supernatural powers. ' It waa no ordinary tbing. I couldn't have feen all that hid I tried. It's what might have happened if George Dene had not gone away : what might have happened, not what did happon — I pny Ood !' — How many a year hhd elapsed since he last tcok that eacred name npon his lips ! — ' It'B just my fancy playing me a trick— God Bight of every detail — the various interlacing grant it ! — Suppose he didn't orawl off the line —Oh, he muBt have got uway. I did not ettike him hard ; he would never have gone down st such a little blow. When I see him again, I'll tell him what I've gone through to nijjht. He's a good-natured chap ; he'll bo retdy encngh to make matters up. And I'll Bay that I did not mean to call Grace false or fickle. I'll make friends with them both when they come to Bedford ; for if ever a man had a Wartinar, it's I thut am that man !' So ho reflected, starting and staring, tho very hair upou his head lifted by tbe fright. He would have given all his belongings if he oould havedaredtoquithispofit, run along the line, and eee for himself that Dene had got safely baok to the station. But he dared not go. Several trains wero thoitly duo, and to leave his duties involved risk to moro lives than his own. Locking out, however, ho espied anacquaint ance— one of the porters— tramping down the line. Hatfield hailed him, and he stopped Bhcrt, looking np at the signal- box in sur prise. Ho wub making his way by a short cut acioes tho line to his homo. Ho know the place bo well that ho could do it without thought of danger. ' What's up ?' ho Baid, catching a glimpi-e of the white scared face above him. ' Anj tlrng wrong ?' 'Do mo a favour,' said Halfield, hoarsely. ' Go baok — that way — to tho station, and see if unjone has ccme to harm by the London exprets.' 'Why do you think that anyone's oome to harm?' 'Don't stay to ask questions. Go baok, Tim, for God's sake. I saw a man run along the lite ; I heard a or?. I can't tell you every thing now. Go and find out the truth for ma. You know that I mustn't leave.' Tom turned back, grumbling yet ourioui. 'This is a »nm start,' he said to himself. Halfield lost eight of him in the durkuesa aa he went. 11)0 nan was left alone. Ho waited and waited, but the porter did not oomo baok. BalfieJd went on with his work, as occasion required, in a dull moohanical fashion. His rrind flow baok, whenever it waa released from tho occupation of the moment, to the soenos of bygone days. He had onco been young and happy; ho had been in love with Grace Emery, and bad walked about the oountry lanes with her, and thought that uho knew his lovo. Ho had bad a friend, too, and to thin friend ho had confided all hia hopes and fears. Great had been tho ehock, toriiblo the awakening, when ho learned at last that his friend, Georga Dene, bad won Graco'B heart ; had carried tho fair fortress, as it wore by storm. 'Your wooing was too long a-doing,' Qraoo's mother had raid to Hatflold when he demanded an explana tion. * ' We thought that you had given up the . idea. Ton hadn't eald a word to her about it, . and the bad no thought of jpn. I won't say bat what if you had askod her ontr ght three months ? ago you might have had a ohuuoo. I watched her, and I think she'd bavj said 'Yes,' then. But you let tho time slip, you roe, Mr. Hat field, and I ain't ono that would force mv girl against her will. You'ro a day after tho fair.' Gerrgflsafd eomothingof tho sima hijd. 'He thought that his friend hnd fjivon up trying.' Eatfiild swore vehemont'y that George lied. Then, qnito suddenly, he roatrained himsplf and begged that nothing more might bo said. Thoy wero right ; ho did not want to in-irry. Thoy need not say any tbing to Grao about him. No, he bore no malice to anyone. Only — vouldthey havo tho goodnesa to hold their coi fonnced tonguee and let him go? Thus, with a dark brow and n sudden aouesB of rage in hie deep tones, hn had Btilkod out of the houso, leavinp: Mrs. Emory and Georgo Df no astounded, affrighted, at his demeanour. He. bad never Fern either of them again— until this day. Ho hid thrown up hia employment on ihe line, and loft the town that Ktmo night, not knowing, not caring, whither b« went. Chtinco guided his feet to Bedford, and threw him into communication with tha railway officials at tbe junction. He bore a good char acter, and had no difficulty in getting work. Ho did not write to hiB old friends, hut he knew that they had heard whero ho was living. Shatte, he thought, kept them silent nil these yeiir? . And now George Deno sought him out, oSircd h'm friendship — as if there could bo friendsbip between these tiro, Hatfield refleoted bitterly — t.nd flaunted his happiness in tho dtBolate man's face. It wai for this that Hat fii-ld could rot forgivo him; for this tlmthe had struck him out of his pith and left him to his doom. Midnight came, and tho porter had not re turned. Ihe bells broke out ngain, welcoming in the Christmas morn. ' Peace and good will !' Hatfield groaned aloud as the sound fell npen hiB ear. It seemed to him aa if those Christmas bells would sink him down to the zeihermott hell. Chained to hia post, unable to get out of hearing of those rippling haimcnies. eo repugnant to his spirits at that moment, he felt ap though ho could welcome dfafneeB. inEeneibility, death itself — anything that wonld free him from the associated train of thought that tho Bounds called up. After a timK the hells were silent, and ho oould breathe more freely. But hour after hour went by, bringing him no news. If he were not mistaken, however, something had happened that night. Some excitement had been aroused ; ho was sure that he had seen an unwonted group of figures doing unusual work upon the line — bearinj* something away with reverent footsteps and lowered beads. Stephen Hatfield'a blood ran cold to think what that something was. But not until tho grey dawn wae mounting in the sky, und the cold breath of day made iteelf felt through all hia veius, did anyoue ccme to him with news. It ?was a foggy morning. A footstep was heard before the paseer-by oould be Been. A voice came out of the fog, followed by tie burly figure of the man who relieved him at his work. 'JTorninp, Hatfield. Merry Christmas.' Hatfiold could not reply. ' Accident on the line last night. Mun killed by tbe London express not far from hare. Tom Buitcn Eavs youBaw him.' ''I don't know that I saw him,' said Hat field, struggling to free himself from the haze that feemed to envelop him, blinding his eyes and blunting his faculties at the samo time. ' I eaw several folks on the lino last night.' ' Eut Tom Burton says you went in Eeatch of one ? ' ' Yes. I had a Warning.' ' What do you mean ?' ' ' Nothing. Was the man dead ?' ' Quite dead.' ' 1 knew it,' said Halfield, oa ho turned away. II. His words to Tom Burton and to tho signal man made it necessary for Hatfield ta attend the inquest on the body that had been found. It was to him a terrible pie:e of work ; but strength of nerve returned with the duylight, and he exhibited no further strange nes* of look or manner, suoh aa had excited tho onrioiity of his acquaintances. The man who hud been killed was crushed out of all semblance to him self ; tho face was unrooognisable, but tho fair hair, the build, the tweed suit that he had worn, left no placofor doubt in Stephen's mind. He identified tho body of as that of Georgo Dene, carpenter, resident iu Woodley, a Kentish village, nearly 210 miles from Bedford. Being questioned pretty sharply concerning his words -o Burton, Hutfiild answered that Dene was an old acquaintance, that ho had otopped him on the line to tell him that ho was cuming to live in Bedford, that they had then parted and had metro more. ' What made you Bay to Burton that there wbb a man on the line ?' ho was asked. ' I had forgotten the London exprets when I parted from him, and was afraid thut faa had not gone straight back to the station,' said Hatfield. ' Had you any dispute with him ? ' ' No.' ' Why did you say that yoa had had a Warning?' ' I thought I heard a cry, but I daro say it war only tho wind,' Hatfield answerod stub bornly. He knew he had lied in saying that there had been no dispute, but ho did not care. What was tho nee of telling the truth? Wonld it bring Georgo baok to life again? Would it comfort George's widow ? Would it life from bis spirit thu load of anguish which Stephen Hatfield knew ho must now endure for ever more. He only half heard eome talk of writing to Dene's relations in Woodley ; it fell upon un heeding ears. He did not know that thero wera two Woodleys : one in Kent and one in Stafford shire, and that the coroner had got hold of the wrong one, and was about to write to the clergy man there. All that was eaid and done seemed to him like Eome strange, oppressive dream : he wbb confoious only of a desire to get into the air and lose himself in loneliness. The inquest, however, waa not held until the dny after Christmas Day, and how he got through that Christmaa Day ho could never tell. He could not havo defined his feelings as those of either shame, guilt, or positive distress ; ho only knew that a great weight teemed to lie upen him ; he had got into a blaok shadow and could not get out. He went about his duties as usual after the tragic ending of Georgo Dene's visit to Bedford station ; notling in hia manner or beaung sug gested that he bore the burden of a guilty Booret upon bia eoul. Ho waa a little surlier, a little grimmer than he used to bo ; but there was no one to he offended by his behaviour. He had no friends. He lived alone, with a oharwoman to olean his room and cookfor him now aud then. The only chango in his manner of life after the ic quest was to disponso with tho charwoman. Ho did not want any human being about him now. Ho felt himself out off from his kind. Ho occupied a small housu in a row of work men's cottages, not far from tho station. Thete was a tiny Equaro of a garden, a wooden paling and a gato boforo the house. Inside there wero four roomB, two on onoh floor, and tho staircase between them. Hatfield lived in tho kitchen at tho back of the houso, and slept in the room above it. The front room, whioh opened directly upon tho garden, had fallen into almoEt hopeleBB disorder. January paesed away. February, with its changeful smiles and tears, hud madn the old earth new. Even iu Hatfield'a utterly neglected garden, a few oroouaes pushed up their golden heads, a few bunohes of snowdrops nodded to the wind. The man did not look at them. The gay Bpiing sunshine tried in vain to- pierce the gloom of his lonely dwelling, tho voice of human lovo and pity was yot to aeek an entrance to his aoul. Ho sat alone one Maroh ovoning, preparing his supper. For the time ho was off night duty, and at liberty to eleep the heavy hours away, if sleep would viBit him. It was an in termittent visitor, and generally brought bacl dreams. He had learned to hate the midnight; hours. Snddenly thoro camo a knook— a timid, hesitating knook — to the front door. It made him nervous. Ho upset tho dish that he was holding, and growled out an oath at his own clumEiness. Ho waited till tho knook was re peated before he went to tho door. III. A woman carrying a ohild stood in the garden path. Her baok wob to the western light, which had nearly died out of the windy sky. Ho saw that eho was tall and slight, and that ehe trembled as she stood before him. Hep ? dieas waB blaok, and tho Bloopy ohild nestling in her arms wore a blaok frook too. 'Does Stephen Hatfiold live hero?' sho ashed in a low unsteady voioo. The tones thrilled him. To his ear they wore 'wonderfully ewcot. 'Whoro had ho hoard that voioo before? 'Yes. I'm Stephen Hatflold.' ' You— Stephen Hatfiold.' Then her voice broke. Sho let the ohild slip gently from her arms to tho ground and stretched out her nlmking hunds. ' Oh, Stephen, Stephen, don't you know mo ? I'm Grace.' His iixca blimched to an awful whiteness. He looked over her shoulder, away into the diBtanco, as if ho saw soino ono behind her. But there wan no accusing figure athorbaolc, no ghostly voioo came out of tho gloom, requiring at his bunds tho blood of tho mia whose life he had virtually taken. Hin eyes ?wandered back to her, and ho said in a hoarse whisper : 'Graco, in it your' 'Yes, Stopheu,' she said, sobbing, 'and I'm in sore trouble.' Hie faoo hardened; he thought ho knew what she was g ing to say. She went on; 'It's nigh upon thrao mouths since George left mo.' And then sho broke into a wuiling cry, almost liko a shriek, and put her hands btforo cor faen. 'And vow he's dead,' said Stophan, goarooly knowing what ho said. Tho words gavo her -\ shook. Sha lot her hands drop and gazed at him with wide, open, pamo-ttr:ckon eyes. The child oluag to her garments, frightened 1 y what aha heard, and still more by tho sight of this strange, dark man. 'Oh, no, no!' cried Mra. Dono. 'Why should you say he's dead ? Havo you heard of him, then? Oh, no, he's not dead, Stephen! Tired of me, perhaps,' sho said, sobbing, ' and gone to seek his fortune— or ill in hos pital may be, and not ablo to write to mo — but not dead, Stephen, nay, not dead !' Ee c.iii not know what to do with a woman in such :i passion of grief ; ho took hold of her hands und gently drew her within his door. Bis ono thought wua to screen her from the unkind notice of passers-by, but once inside, rnoro ho3pitablo tb.0ugb.t3 occurred to him. 'You'd better oomo in and sit by the firo,' ho said, awkwardly. 'Don't take on in that ?way, Grace. I thought you meant me to understand that George was dead. If it is as you say — why, no doubt, he'll be baok again before long.' Ho turned his back on her as ho snoka, and led tho way into the kitchen. 'You've not heard of him then?' s»id Graco, commanding herself and following: him obediently. ' He's not been here ?' 'No,' ho answered in a low voioe; 'he's not been here.' He could not tell her the truth. Ho -would get some clergyman, some person in authority, to let her know that George was dead. He shook nil over at tho thought of telling her him - self. No— not yet; in the morning, porhap3, or in a day or two ? ' Sit down,' he said, lighting a oandle, and hurriedly stirring tho dying embers of the firo. ' You'll be tired if you have come from Wood loy to-day.' She opened her great dark eyes with a look of pathetic Burprho. 'To-day?' she said. 'It's three weeks ticce I left Woodley. I walked most of tho way. Look at my Bhoo3.' Ihey were worn nearly off her feet. Hatfield felt hia heart contract with an unwonted pang of pity. Ho looked at tho shoes, at the thread bare, garments, at tho thin, sunken face, and did not say a word. ' It was fine weather, most of the way,' Grace went on, half absently, ' else I could never have dono it. Wo got a lift in a cart now and then. I could not bear to wait any longer. George had never written, but lie told mo before he went away that he wa9 uoniiag to yon. Did you see him ? ' There wets a scarcely perceptible pause before Stephen answered, 'No.' ' My mother died suddenly on the day after Chiistraaa Day,' sho went on. ' It took all the money I had to bury her. I was staying with her. George had already sold onr furni ture and taken the money with him, and I ex pected him baok every day. Tho neighbours at Woodlcy began to say that ho had deserted me, and I could not bear it f.ny longer. I ojmo after him — to Bedford — to find you.' ' Why did you not write ?' he asked. 'I don't know, I did not think of it.' Tho colour ebbed out of her face as she spoke, leav ing eheeks and lips as whito as snow. ' You used to be his friend,' shemurmurei. 'Have you forgotten us?' 'No, no. I have never forgotten you,' ho said, in a strange, confused way that surprised her. 'Here, I havo made some tea. Polly would like some milk, perhapBp' 'How did you know that her name was Polly?' said Grace, looking at him with attention. 'I beard it— didn't you call so bor just now ?' ho said, still more and more troubled in manner, as he rebooted that he had gained this piece of information from her husband. Grace was too tired to dispute the matter. Sho ate and drank at his bidding and saw the child's hunger satisfied, and when tie meal was finished she mace an attempt to rise. ' I'm euro I thank you for your kindnoss, Stephen,' she said, timidly. 'Perhaps you can tell mo of a lodging-house where we can go for the night. It must be a cheap one ; I have vory little money.' ' You might as well stay here,' said Hat field without raising his oyea, and with a curious EullennoSB cf demeanour. '? There's a room upstairs if you like to use it. You oan look out for a lodging to-morrow.' 'But — if it is your room — what will you do?' 'I can sleep by the fire horo. I shall he quite comfortable. You can't go from place to place looking for lodgings at this time of night : the ohild is asleep already.' Grace aocopted his offer thankfully. Sho was a simple-hearted, gcntlo-natured woman, not very self- reliant, and it seomod natural that he should ba kind and helpful to her. As a sort of excuuo for having come to the house, she ventured to say : 'I thought yon were married, perhips, and that ycur wife would put mo in tho way of getting a lodging.' He looked her full in tho face, and did not spoak for a moment. Shu quailod a little before the firo of those dark eyes, and bethought her self of eome wcrdj that her mother had let fall in the oarly dayB of her marriage with George Dene. Was it possible that this man, Stephen Hatfield, had onoe wanted to marry hor ? She felt a ecDsation of alarm at the thought. JBnt uftor a moment's space, the light died . out from Hatfield's eyes, and ho lookod down in his usual sombre, brooding f ashioti. ' ' Wo,' ho said, ' I've nover boon married.' When ho opened thn door of tho room up stairs, ho seemed to feel that some, explanation of its disorder was required. ' I've had nobody to do for mo lately. The place is liko a pigsty, but maybe you oan manage with it to-night. Is there anything I can get for ye ?' The manner was rough, but the kindliness of his moaning wua unmistakable. Graco thanked him and held out hor hand as bIib said good night. Ho did not eoom to see it ; ho turned his baok on her and went downstairs. She slept long nnd heavily. When Bhe awoke and dressod in tho morning, Stephen had already gone to his work. Ho hud lighted the fire and left food ready for herself and the ohild ; ho himBelf had taken his dinner with him, nnd did not moan to bo baok till evening. It was after 6 whon ho returned. As soon as ho tot foot within tho house ho was oon soious of a ohange in it. Grace had been busy. To make the plaoo clean and tidy was her way of showing gratitude. Tho kitchen fire was burning brightly in a olean grate, the floors and tablos had been sooared, and tho cooking utongilo cleaned. Thore was an air of neatnos?, almost of brightnoss, about the room which moved Hatfield to wondor. 'What have you boon doing?' he said, rather roughly. 'Only tidying up a bit,' Graoe answered. ?? I hope you don't mind ?' Bhe added meokly, seeing an inexplicable expression upon his face. ' Not a bit. Do what you liko,' ho replied, tending his brows. Sho looked at him in silent wonderment, neVer euapeoting that ho felt a great throb of anguish and shame at the notion of her working for him — tho man to whom her husband owed his death. After tea, she began timidly to talk to him about her position. Bho was possessed with the idea that Georgo was somewhere in Bod ford, and that she would bo able to find him if she looked osrefully enough. In the mean time she thought that sho oould earn a liveli hood by taking in plain sowing or going out Glaring— though this latter work, as HatfloW knew, would havo been considered far beneath her in Woodloy. If f ho could find a cheap lodging for horeolf and hor ohild Bho would not trouble Mr. Hatfiold any longer. Thoro was a now humility in her voioo that out Stophon to the heart. 'It's no troublo to me,' ho Baid gruffly. Ho was sitting by tho firo as ho upoko, and jutt then somothing soft touohed his hand. Ho drew it away and looked down hastily. It wia Polly, win had drawn a wooden stool to his side, and had triod to Blip her little fingers into his palm. She looked up at him smiling, and put hor little, pink hand on his knee. After a moment's hesitation he laid his rough fingers tenderly upon it and hold it there. The touoh sent a now sensation through him. It scorned io mako the blood rusli more quickly through his veins, to break up tho ico about his heart. It influenced his tono and look as ho addressed the. child's mother. ' You're no need to hurry yinraolf,' ho said, 'takotimo. And don't go nuking inquiries here and there and everywhoro about Dene. I'll do that for you. I should bo glad if you would stop horo a bit, and put my house Btraight. It eeems to want a woman's hand. If George Dene's anywhere hereabouts he'll fin i you, never fear. There's boon somo mis tnko, no doubt, and ho'a wondsring why you don't come, to him. ' Oh, if only I oould think so !' said the poor woman, her oyes filling with tears. ' You don't know what it is to be pointed and jeered at ob I havo been in tho village — tho wife whose husband got tired of her and loft her in the lurch. He always seemod so proud and fond of me. Do you think it's possible that he could get tired all at nnce and go oil without a word ?' 'I don't think it'a possible.' said Hatfield in a low voioe. Ah, no ! 'What man would cast away from him this sweet wife, this cooing, carcsEing little child? And he — ho knew so well what Georgo Dene thought of those, two, how much ho loved them, and he dared not say a word to set the grieving woman's heart at rest. For, as it soon appoared to him, the doubt as to Georgo's love was even more pre sent to her mind than tho uncertainty about his life. Grace wiped the tears gently away, and sat Bilent for a little time with her hands folded in her lap. She was not given to noisy demon strations of any kind. When she felt cilm enough to speak sho said gently : 'I'll accept your offer thankfully for a little timo, Mr. Hatfield. If 1 can be of use to you, I shall be only too glad. We often talked about you — Goorgo and me. You don't know, maybe, how fond he was of you.' ' Don't call mo Mr. Hatfield,' saidSlophan, rising suddenly. ' Call mo Stephen, aa you used to do.' He broke off the conversation by going out of doors, and all that Graoe oould do was gratefully to acquiesce. She Ecttlcd down in her new homo, and went about her duties in a sad but quietly unoom pltining manner which greatly impressed Hatfield. He wondered at this frail woman, Buffering from a heavier load of doubt and sorrow thanany thatho hadhadto bear, nover repining, never showing bitterness or sullenoss. Bho waa braver than he had been. His thoughts were filled with her night and day. As timo went on, his remorse for the past, though present, became, eo blended with his love for her that it lost its hardness anipainfulness. Ho even dreamed of a time when he might tell her that Georgo was dead, and ask her to be his wife. Ho could give hor a peaceful home, a sure, strong love ; would she rofuse the gift? He dreamed thus one night as he wai walk ing home from his work, which, on this ocoa siou, had been prolonged until 1 1 o'clock. His house wail near tho station, but two or three not vtT}' respect iblo little streets had to bo traversed beforo ho reached it, and it was in one of theto streets that he saw a eight whioh froze the blood within his veins. Was it George Deno's ghost ? There was no Buoh things as ghosts, he argued passionately with himself. The parson at Wocdley had always said bo. His eyes had ployed him a trick. His head was muddled with long hours oE work. Spirits from another world never came back nowadays to troublo thoir worst onemies. It oould not be ! And yet ho was sure — as sure as of hia own cxuter.ee — that George Dene's face hid looked at him out of the darkness of the unligbted street. He had been absorbed in his own thoughts. He had heard no footfall on the pavement, had seen no figure coming towards him, and yet, without warning, the dead roan's face, white, rigid, Btern, had hoverei before his eyes. If ho had been ablo to move, it seemed to Stephen that he might have touched those pallid features with his hand. Menaoing, accusing, reproaoh ful, all at once, those eyes whioh had once been bo friendly sought Mb own ; then for a moment everything grew dim to Hatfield' a sight. When he recovered Mb calmness thore was nothing to bo soon. The vision had faded away into tho darkness, and he went unhindered on hU way. But from that time ho was free no more. The face haunted him. Now and then he saw it in a crowd ; once in a railway oarriage ; eeveraHimes at his window before tho blinds were down at night. It came to him in his dreams: the memory of it, the four of it, haunted him night and day. The dead man would not let him rest. He legau to look wild and haggard, to oast strange looks over his shoulder, to mutter to himeolf. ' Hntfield's going out of his mind,' onn of hia companions whispered to another. '? He's mighty queer.' Even Graco, with all her placidity, wondered at and pitied him. She was never afraid of him, he waa c;lad to sco. He oould not have borne that. When ho was alono he used to ory out upon Georgo Dene's unquiet spirit to leave him in peaoo. 'What do you want, Gooreo?' he muttered with quivering lips. ' How can I atone for what my hand has done? It's too late — too late ; I oan do nothing for you now.' IV. It had been the height of summer whon fi.-at Stophon Hatfield saw that terrible vision of tho dead man's face. As cummer passed into autumn, and autumn into winter, its recur rence became more frequent, and had a vory di'quietiug effeoi upon Hatfield's nervoa. It became plain to him that if he saw that face muoh oftener ho would have to give up hia work. Eyes, hand, brain, all seemed para lysed at times by foar and spfany. Graoe, not knowing what was -wrong, entreatei him to seo the parish doctor. But Hatfield shook hia head. 'No doctor oan do mo any good,' ho answered, gloomily. Ono day in Dooember ho came home and found her in tears. On aBking what was tho matter, ho elicited from h?» a talo of how Polly had rnn in from the threat, oryingr out that her father had looked at hor over thj fence. ' Tho ohild would not remember him,' said Hatfieltl. ' She's five years old, and Bho was vory fond of hrr poor father,' Baid Grace. Then, wip ing her eyes, she added indistinotly : 'I thought — I thought I saw him myself last night.' _ Bat tbis was more, than HatSeld oould bear. He went out again without waiting for tha conclusion of hor little story. ' Are we all to be haunted by George Dene's ghost ?' ho asked himstlf, almost angrily. ' For mo it's natural enough ; but what have they done P' Giaco Dene felt a little hurt by his abrupt departure. She Bat down and oried, oiroeeod Polly, and gave herself up for a few minutos to the luxury of indulgence in her own quiet sorrow; but then sho remembered that Bho had a good many things to do, and so boljok herself, somewhat less tranquilly than usual, to hor household tasks. It was Christmas Eve, and Bho had determined that her own sorrow, her own end memories, should not bring sor row to other people. For Stephen's sake sho meant to be ohcorful, and to make him think that Bho was content. Sho wondered that ho did not oomo baok to toa. Bho put little Polly to bod, and eat by tho fire with Homo ncodlowork. Tho night wsb fine, but windy, and on the wind thoro oamo from timo to timo tho Bound of the OhriBtmaa bolls. Her hands had fallon on her lap ; her oyos wero fixed in mournful roveriu upon iho glow ing cmbrrs of tho grato, whon a sound at tho door arrested her attention. Stephen stood in tho doorway — tho kitohen door opened upon a little briokod yard— and his hand was upon the latch A gust of cold air blow in, extinguish ing, tbb oandlo at Graoo'o eide. She sprang up, and then stood etill. Sho oould just sea Stephen's faoa ; there was a ghastly smile upon it that made her heart beat Btrangoly fast. ' What is it, Stophen ?' sho said, nervously. He lifted up ono finger, Ob if warning hor to be silent. ' Do you know who stands out side ?' he askod hor, with tho aamo weird smile upon his faeo. ' I saw him as I oamo in; I should seo him still if I ioukod again. lour husband, Graoo— Georgo Done.' ' My husband !' sho oriod, flinging up her hands. ' Not in the flesh, Grico ; not in tho flash. Yon would not mo him if yon looked, but I see him ; I boo him wherever I go. Ha waa hero at your window not long aiio.' 'Oh, Stophon, youfiighton me!' said Graoo, sinking down in her ohair and covdring hor face with her hands. Tho tight of hor tears calmed him. He oloaed tho door nof tly and advanced towards her, look ing earnestly at ho: bowed hoad. ' I don't want to frighten you, Graoo,' he Baid. ' It waB those accursed bolls that sent mo homo to you. Thoy rang and rang till I could boar it no longor. ' Go back, go baok.' thoy Baid. ' Toll her tho truth. Go baok.' And eo I thought that if I oains to you and told you tho whole truth, I might perhaps be delivered from the terror that follows ma night and day. Night and day, sleeping or waking, I Bee him,' Hatfield went on with a startled glance over his left shoulder, ' and I know that he comes to punish me for what I did. Perhaps if I tell all tho truth and give myself up J. may yet know poaea. Tho bells have drivon me to you.' 'But— why? What do you moan, Stephen?' said Grace, beginning to trcmblo with an in expressible foar. Ho took no notice of her question. 'Look at me,' ho said. 'Have I not tufiered ? Am I tho man I was a year ago ? I do not know how I live, how I oat or sleep, Tho misery that has fallen on me is moro than I can bear. For I nover meant to be a murderer, Graoo ; I never moant to hurt him, though I thrust him away from me and straok him in my wrath. Graoo, Graoe, bolievo mo, I never meant to harm a hair of his head ! ' Ho fell down on hia knees beforo hor as he spoke, stretching out his hands to hor in a blind groping way. She draw baok an inoh or two, looking at him with a strange expression, half of repulsion, half of pity, in her eyes. la affcor days his faoe came back to her as sho had soon it then, and she remembered how wastod it was, how worn with grief and oare. But just then she thought only of his words. 'Tell mo what you mean,' she gasped out below her breath. ' Is George dead ? What do you mean?' 'I mean, Graoo, that I— I — killed your hus band, Georgo Deno.' A iow ory escaped hor lips. ' Not by my hand,' he aaid, looking down attbethin fingures that shook aa with ague while ho held them out'. ' Not by my own hand. Ho oame tome on Ohristmaa Kve — a year ago this day— and tho bells were ringing overhead aa they ring now. He told me of his happiness with you, and I oould not bear it. Don't you know, Graoe, how I loved you all these years. Ho stole you from mo, or I should have won you — I swear I should have won you if he had left me timo. But he took everything from me— home, wife, children ; ho had allthat, and I had none. I was alono in tho world ; a miserable wretch, oast off by God and man. I had no hope of happiness. Then ho oame to me and he spoke of you. I struck him — I thrust him out of my way. Ho fell over tho line. I did not stay to help him np. I forgot that tho express was naarly due. He must have been stunned — insensible — whon the train came up.' His voice failed him. Ho bowoil himanlf to the ground, and l*y at her feet. There was a silence, for a time. 'God forgive you, Stephen,' said tho wotnRn at laBt, in a broken voice. Sho sat vory still, white as death, with tho tears dropping over her pale cheeks. Tho gentleness, aa well aa tho infinite sadness of her tones, unloosed his tongue once more. Ho did not rise, but faltered out dieoonneotod wordB and sentences that she could scarcely hear. 'You say 'God forgive me.' I ble33 you for those words.' Ho dragged himsalf nearer to her and kissed hor foot. ' I do not ask you to forgivo me ; it would ba no use, I know. My life is not worth living ; the sooner it onda the better. I shall give myself up to the polioo this very night : I wish thoy would hang mo and bo done with it. When I am in my grave, Graco, perhaps you'll forgivo me then. My love, my love, you'll know how muoh I'vo loved you. And you would have loved me if I'd had tho time ? ' What noise was that whioh a listening ear would havo noted ? The creak of a latoh, the sound of a footfall on Iho theshold ? They did not hear. '' God pity you— God fororivo you/' said Grace, with increasing agitation. ' No, Stephen Hatfiold, don't delude yourself with a false belief. I should never have loved you, if wo had lived tide by Bide for a thousand years. I never loved but one man in my life, nor ever shall again ; and that, as you well know, was George Deno. And you that killed him,' sho cried, bursting into tears ; ' ask God to nardon you, and I'll pray to Him that He may .'Night and morning I'll pray to Him for your poor un happy soul, Stephon Hatfi ;ld ; but I will go away from your house now, whioh I never would havo entered if I had known the truth ; and never, never will I look upon your face again.' She rose from hor 8 jat. Hatfield struggled into a kneeling posture, caught at her dross and pressed it to hie lips. ?' God will forgivo mo if you ask Him,' ho said. ' Xou givemehopo by that one word, Graco. _No. I shall novor soe you again. I don't think it will be long bofore I go whoro Georgo has gono. Perhaps I may moot him somewhere— perhaps I may aak him to forgive me ? ' Ho had risen to his feot and turned away. Graco gave a little cry. Who wai it speaking? Who was it standing in the open door ? 'No reed togofarfor ttiat, Stephon Hat fiold,' Baid a voice which had a strangely familiar sound. 'I am hore, and you majfask mo what you like.' Tho room swam beforo Hatfield's troubled eyes. When they oleared again ho saw Grace clinging to a tall, gaunt, fueble-looking man, whose arms was clasped tenderly urouad har, whose lips wero pressod to hor fair faoo. It wits no dream ! This wai no vision of the night. George Dene was iilivo, and had ootnn back to claim his wife. What was he saying ? It Beemed to Hatfiold that ho could soaroly hear for tho tumultuous boating of hia heart, the surging troublo of his brain. ' I'vo been in hospital until a fortnight ago,' Georgo said. ' I lost my momory for a timo. It waa somo other poor chap who waa killed by tho express, not mo. I got up after you had pushed mo away, Htephon, and walked out of town. I hadn't beon well all day, and I felt dizzy and strango. Thoy told ma after wards that I must havo had a f ovor ooiniug on, and thut tho fall — well, parhaps it made mo a tTiflo worse, thore waa somo sort of oonouaaion, they called it. Anyway, I waa found by the roadside and raken to a hospital five miles tcom Bedford, and thore I stay od. My mind Boomed gone, oven when my body was stronger. I oame fully to myself only a month ago. Thou I went to Woodley nnd found Graoo gono. I huntedjfor hor everywhere. Then I came horo.' Ho stoppod to embrace, his wif o onoo moro, and to glunco at Hatfield, who waa sittini; be side the table with his faoo hidden upon hia folded arma. ' I icquirod about Hatfiold, and littlo by little I pieced together the wholo story. I knew that ho, at leuat, thought mo dead. I saw Polly to-day, and I had a glimuso of you, too, Grace, but I did not know whothor you had a jlaco for mo in your heart or not. I thought —shall I tell you what I thought?' ' No,' eho answered, laying hor hand upon his lips. ' I oan guess, George. But I should uover have lovod any man but you.' ' Ah, bo I hoard you say, my darling ; and I know — I know — how truo and faithful you havo always been. I had ranoour in my heart ogainot my old friend hero — yoB, I will oall him my friend, for I know now how Bad and bitter hiB life haa beon— bat if I had had anything against him, I forgavo him as I stood at bis door and hoard tho Christmas bells ringing overhead. ' Peaoo and goodwill,' thoy seemed to say. .And I thought h myself, 1 let bygones bo' bygones between Stophen Hatfitld and mo !' Lot ub thank God that I have comohaok to you, Graoo, and that our old friend Stophen ban bo our old friend still.' Thoy heard Stephon give a gasping, Btrug gllng' sigh, almost liko a sob. Thoy waited silently for a moment, but did not lift hia head. ' Stophon thoughtho saw you — manytimoa.' said Grace, Bhuddering a little as tho memory of hiB words oame baok to hor. ' He must have fancied it. I oame to Bed ford yesterday — tho first timo for a year past. Oomo, Stephen, my old friend, lift np your hoad, give mo your hand at last.' Ho put his hand on Hattlold's shoulder ; and Graoo bent over him with tender words. ' You'll bo our brother now, Stephon, and love us both as wo lovo you. Hark to the Christmas bells ! ' Peace and goodwill' — it's 12 o'olook striking. A Christmas Day ! Stophen, a happy Christmas ! A happy Christmas to us all !' But Stephen's happy Christmas wda not of this world. 