A Ciiptsiiii's Ntor.v, SUDDICN DEATH OK A SAlr.Olt WIIOSIC COKl'SIC WOULD NOT 11IC CAST OVKKIIOAUI). • Well, sir,' said the old captain lo me—a retired shipmaster, with the gaze of .1 vulture under the apparently sleepy lid, and a face full of lines ; and discoloration like the wrinkling of currents in the glassy swathes of a dead calm on some dingy spread of water oil" the West African coast—' I had always been n bit superstitious up to then, but I own that 1 hat job cured me. But it made ine see also that it isn't reasonable to be too contemptuous of one's fellow-creatures whobeliuvo in spirits and manifestations of which lliero is no organ, sense or quality in (he human body to take notice of, saving credulity. It comes to this, sir; human nature never gets beyond a certain pass. We sail to that point, and then tLe wind shifts and we drop astern. From time to time it is put into us to think foolishly, that the thoughtful among us may understand how little ahead of tho old folks we are in spite of our discoveries. I've watched this fad of ghostM among us of late; the growth of society which aim to enlarge men's knowledge of what doesn't exist, and it takes me back to the days when I was a young 'un, when there were still witches in the country, and old women were ducked and drowned for sailing atluvart the moonlight on broomsticks. We were a bit coarser then in our superstitions than now, mado our ghosts hags, instead cf spirits of beauty, fled from caudles in turnips and reckoned that when old Bogey wanted us lie arrived down tho chimney. But the quality remains the same. It is only brightened in these times, polished up and made to look in other ways fino. Now, however, to give you my yarn: 'I was master of a ship of 800 tons. Wo were loaded with a general cargo, bound to the East Indies. It is many years ago, when ships' companies were numerous, partly through the compulsion of the navigation laws, partly because owners wanted their ships to keep afloat, partly because you wouldn't have got sailors to ship if there had not been hands to do the work. And my complement numbered between forty and forty-live men. In a crowd of this kind one doesn't take particular, noticc. When the crew are few you come to know your Jims, Joes and Toms as you coinc to know your dogs at home, or as a man who is only wo rth a few shillings is not only conscious of what ho has in his pocket, but can tell you the character of the coins also. We were without passengers, simply a well-manned cargo vessel, all of the olden timo, though a handsome boat in iicr way, frigate-built, painted ports, wide channels, great black tops, the yards squaro enough to servo a liue-of-batlle ship, and the royals, when mast-headed, sitting close against the trucks—the propercst topping ofl; to my taste, to the fabric of a full-rigged ship. We had been out a fortnight, when in the afternoon there came 011 a sudden squall. The fore and mizzen topgallant sails were clewed up, with a hand standing by at the main topgallant hnlliaiards. I noticed some figures in the forerigging going aloft to roll up the sail there, and then ,11 a sudden therewas a commotion, a running of men forward and a gathering of them into a heap around something. I told the mate to go and see what was the matter. lie returned with the news tliat a man in the act of going aloft had fallen dead on the deck off tho rail. We were without a doctor, and all hands looked to me in a case of this kind. I walked to where the man lay and found him to bo an able seaman; an old yellow-haired man, whose lace I had before taken notice of for the ghastly: complexion of it; a sort of dusky parclunent-like hue, the color of a sailor's dud' thut'a been too long in the coppers. The lids, were half closed, nothing but the whites showing; the lids set hard in a sort of half grin, without froth, and the arms outstretched in the posluro of a crucified person.' Short of a skeleton, to my notion, one ought to never be able to say cock-surely, pointing to a body, ' this is death.' The fellow might be in a faint, or in a fit, or a cataleptic; his body in death's straight-jacket, and the mind within all alive and wondering what the deuce has gone wrong outside. I ordered him to be carried to his bunk and to be treated as if he was to be brought to, and if that failed then to ba stowed away out of sight of the men, but not to be fcticlicd up for a bit, so that if there was any spark oflifc in him it might have a chance. The fact is I wanted to make sure he was a dead man before he was tossed overboard—a very proper feeling in me, no doubf, though there was a touch of morbidity i.. too, for, to tell the truth, the one quiet horror in my life in those days was the thought of being buried alive, and what I feared for myself I was not the sort of man to put upon another. • Well, after two days we were all agreed that he was dead, so I gave orders for him to be stichcd up and brought to the gangway, and next morning after breakfast we held the service. It was always my desire that matters of this kind should be carried out with proper solemnity. I considered it worked as a wholesome influence among the sailors, who were made to understand that; a dead seaman on the ocean was u it to be treated as if he were a dead pauper out of the workhouse ; that a show of respect and regret, at all event.;, should go to his funeral, since a shipmate is a shipmate the wide world ever. The body, stitched in its hammock, with a sinker stowed away in the clews, was placed upon a grating and covered with the ensign. The 1110 grating was lifted by four men and brought lo the rail, one end of it resting there, the'other end supported by two men, who stood ready to whip off the ensign and let the body slide when the time came for so doing. All hands gathered around, washed and clean. It was a quiet morning, a light breeze of wind blowing, tho ship under all plain sail, everything silent aloft, tho deck heaviug slightly to the small beam sea. I came out of the cabin with my prayer-book in myjhand and started to read, the men baring their heads, with the grinding here and there of a jaw upon a hunk of tobacco standing high in the check bone, and much wistful and inquisitive peiring at poor Jack's outline by eyes bleared by the gales of wind into which they had stared. I was proceeding, reading with great emphasis and solemnity, when there rose from under the ensign a short, muffled, groaning sort of cry of'JFor Good's sake, cut me adrift, mates, I'm suffocating.' The prayer-book fell from my hand ; the two fellows who wore holding the grating let go of it and bolted forward, whereupon olF rolled the body on to the deck among the feet of the sailors, who, letting fly a volley of curses in their alarm, bolted in all directions, some of them even jumping into the rigging. Had a bombshell exploded among us the clearance I effected could not have been more complete. ' The males had run away as well as ! 'ie ' seamen, aud the cowardice of all hands quickly put temper enough in me to rally my nerves 'Quick, I bawled, 'cut the poor wretch adrift or he'll he suffocated in good earnest, and it will he a worse murder done than had we burned him.* On this the chief mate and some others came to the body, shouldered one another»nd ripped open the hammock. "Well, dead or alive, it would have been better to have (jiven the thing its last toss than have wisncsscd Mich a sight. You sec, it was warmish weather, and I he body besides had been—but I'll say no more on that, only that such an apparition rising before the stoutest army that ever took the field would have sent it Hying without waiting for the bugles to sound. But ho'd called out that he was suffocating, and we looked to see him movo, all hands coining up in bunches at a time, till here we were all of a lie iving and squirming muddle with this honor in the midst of us, and the men squirting juice in all directions through sheer loating. 'If that man ain't dead,' said the bo'sun, 'my eyes ain't males.' ' Did he wriggle at all •*, said I, addressing one of the fellows who held the grating, 'before you let him go and ran away ? The man answered he hadn't noticed any movement,' He spoke anyway ,' said the mate. ' Well, pickle my cyc-i for onions if there was i.vcr a ruinmier stail, iliau this.'cried the carpenter, stooping to look close at the man, and then recoiling with a heave of ils breast and a long wipe of his mouth down the length of his hairy arm. I ordered the body to be carried to a cabin and put the second mate along with seaman to watch it; but their report lo me was that if the fellow was alive he gave 110 signs of it, but that, on the eonliaiy, he imitated death so incomparably a? to oblige them to beg mc to allow some others to relieve them, as they did not feel strong enough to go on. I then viewed (he body myself, and, no longer having a doubt gave ordcis that it should be stiched up afresh and once again brought to tho gangway. It was now eight bells in Ilia afternoon. Of course it was right that this old .Taclc should be buried decently, and I resolved to go through with the funeral service, but I left it bo known that there was 110 obligation upon the men to attend outside who were needed to do the work. Nevertheless, all hand.? turned up as before. Well, 1 started to read ns I had in the morning' but at the very moment of my propoiincing the same words I was delivering when (he interruption happened there came a most audible but half-choking and half-smothered groan or grunt of ' Oh, Lord, they mean to drown me, after all !' from under the ensign. The follow that held the light coiner of the grating let go, and went backing among his mates with a cry of dismay, but the oilier man, bawling out will) a face darkened by passion, , You old villain ! how many burials d'ye expect and be to you!' lilted tho grating, and away (lashed the hammock overboard. Wo all stood looking on like idiots. For my part, captain as I was, I hadn't a word to say for a moment. In fact, I was thunderstruck. The groan of the corpse was scarce out of my ear before the body was gone, and yet you couldn't think of us as having' drowned him either, for nothing coulu have seemed deader than did this old Jack when I took my last view of him. However, no purpose could be served by making a fuss, and it was one of those breaches of discipline that that defy your cool reason, though you may handle them as you may handle them as you will in n passion. Besides, a moment or two's reflection, coupled with a look round, satisfied inc that the men. would be easier in their minds for being quiet of the body, and so, telling the mate to send the hands forward, I went to my cabin ; but more mystified, under a livelier consternation of mind, in short, than it would suit me to admit lo everybody. It was idle to talk of tricks. I might have reconciled myself lo some notion of that kind had I made one or two or three spectators ; but there had been forty or fifty of us all lumped together, and the reality of the thing came out in the sincerity of the fright, for the morning panic was much greater than I have put it, while the terror in "the afternoon might have shown as wild had the fellows at the grating let fall the body again among the men. ■ 'Wellat 10 o'clock that, night I left the deck to lio down. All was quiet. The influence of that day's work was expressed in tho manner of the men, who had moved and talked very soberly, with subdued gestures and tones, and in dog-watclies I had noticed them hanging together in knots, conversing like people fresh from an execution. I was aroused Irom my sleep by the second mate, who had charge on tho deck. 'There's the whole watch below, sir, come aft to complain that they can't get any rest' 'What's the matter?' ?aid I, starting up. 'Why, tlicy say they can hear old Jack's voice calling to them down in the forepeak.' ' Old Jack's voice ? ' I cried, and with that I followed him on deel:, where, sure enough, I found all hands massed together on tho quartcr-deck. 'What's the matter, men?' 1 called out, leaping over the rail at the break of the poop to speaic to them. The carpenter spoke up : There's old Jack hailing us in the forepeak, sir.' ' Nonsense man.' 'Smite me, sir, if it aiut the blooming truth; not only hailing, but ■a cussing of us for having drownded him.' ' But you must know that can't be,' said I j ' he's leagues astern and fathoms deep.' A voice answered : ' I-Ie's cussin' us all the same, lie swears he'll haunt us"all overboard.' I told the second mate to go forward and report if he could hear anything of this slrnnge voice, A shadowy group of men went with him ; indeed, I doubt if he would have had heart to drop into the forecastle alone. Presently lie returned, coming aft with a run and speaking with a broken breath. 'It's true, sir,'he gasped, ' if it isn't old Jack it's the devil. I heard him say : 'I'll punish all of ye for drowning of me. Head as you will, 'tis old Jack as is at the helm now, and so stand by ! " ' But, good thunder!' cried I, ' How is a man's voice going to sound in the forecastle out of the forepeak ?: Answer me that, you fool.'. 'Well, come jforrards and hear it yourself, sir,' he exclaimed suddenly. ' I instantly absented and walked for.iiird, followed by nil hands; and not; without a beating heart, I admit, but with a good air of oareloesnos.'i upon ino I stepped into tho forecastle. It was a topgallant forecastle, entered by two doors abreast of tho windlass endsi. A slush lump swung under tho beam, and tho light was very weak. I ontered with tho seeoud mato anct stood listeniiig. Kir somo minutes nothing sounded but tho hard breathing of tho seamen who filled tho doorways squeezing tho foromott in, through theso pressed back like a wall, making such a him us might account for louder scorings. Queer crenkingB nud groaninga arose of tho slightly swaying hull, iuto tho silenco, with tho faint sound of tho bow wavo softly wushing from tho cutwater. Then, on a sudden, I heard ft dim, hour.-o voice—weakened, as it weiv, by the thickness of tho deck between, with a liotn of rago in it, ns though tho fellow could ban ly articulate for liis tenth being fixed—oxillum : 'Ourso tho ship I Kay! Curso all hands in her, says I! I'm a murdered man, and I'll haunt yo all!' ' Thoro, i-ir !' cried Lho second mato, bucking to tho men, whoso breathing was now stormy with emotion. Scavco was this said when one of tho seamen, who had apparently boon forced forward by tho pressuio of tho others, was run almost up to mo by tho long arm of tho eliiof mato, who, unperoeived by me, had worked his way iuto the crowd to learn what was going on. This mato stood ovor six feot high, and was a giant in strength, and tho hoad of tho fellow whom his shouhler-ofmulton first grasped by tho scruff of tho noek wr.s on a lovel with his ohin. ' Here's tho ghost, sir,' said ho. Tho sailors now came bundling in in a swarm. ' This is tho glioat,' repeated tho mate, giving tho fellow a shako which threatened to throw tho hoad off his nook '' Tis deuced clever, my lad, but it's a jolco that wants searoom.' Another shako. 'Own to it, owu to it!' lie oriod, 1 before I screw your ncck ofl",' I own to it,' said tho man. 'Own to what?' I naked. 'Why, sir,' answored tho mato, 'he has the trick of throwing his voice, and wonderfully well ho does it, too. I had my oyo on him this afternoon, uud tuspeoloJ liim. I'm fcuro of it now for lio didn't know I stood cIgho behind him.' 'Sjmo of tho men muttered. I inotanlly poreeived that thoy looked upon tliia a« a conspiracy bet ween mo nnd tho mute to allay their {ciiTf, and clearly seeing f iiat it must ho bh tho mate said nnd heartily despising myself for tho alarm I liud felt throughout tho day, immediately farmed a resolution. 'Yonr narno's Andover,' nuid I to tho man,. ' Yen, sir,' ho anawered. ' You confess that it whs yon wlio mado old Jisck talk oil tho grating and down hero?' 'I do, sir,' ho answered with a writhe, for tho nhoulder of mutton olnng to him ns a vyco. 'Provo it to tlia men,' paid I,'and I'll forgive you. You can let go of him, Mr. Mooro.' Tho man coughed ; a numiuif. aiier wo heard old Jack outbing us alt in t lie forepealr. The deception was exquisite; in sober tiulh, my admiration ofthc skill of the fellow was altogether too great to sudor me to punish him, even had I not promised him forgiveness. A few further examples of his genius sufiiced to reassure the sailor*, and I went aft, leaving them to deal with him ns they chose. However, he managed to make his peace by entertaining them with his art as a ventriloquist. Indeed, after the first spasm of temper Ihey were too well pleased to belieAclhat old Jack was really dead ami gone, and too much astonished by Andnver's cleverness to feel much resentment. I often had this man in tho cabin afterward to amuse me. He had the face of a born comedian and I strongly advised him to stnrt as a ventriloquist ashore, where, I don't doubt, under proper training, he might have proved a fortune for himself or an employer; but, unhappily, he got into a scrape at our first poi I of callaiul I had lo leave him behind, and when long afterward I inquired for him I gathered that he had taken to drink and died in a hospital. Yet 1 recall him with gratitude, for the quite cured me of my superstitions. 