THE DIAMOND COTERIE. . ? -vs. ? BY LAWKENCE LYNCH. CHAPTEE IV. stbil's lettbe, (Continued.) Still in silence Dr. Heath opens and reads the letter, then lays it down and thinlra. At last she grows impatient. ' Well,' she ex claims, ' ore yon, too, stricken with something nameless ?' He leans toward her, his arm resting on the table between them, hia eyes fixed gravely upon her face. 'Miss Wardour, does yonr faith in your friend justify you in complying with her wiahes ?' ' Most assuredly,' with a look of surprise. ' In spite of to-day's events P' ' In BDite of anvthing !' He draws a long, sighing breath. ' Oh !' he says softly, 'it would be worth something to possess your friendship. Now — do you really wish for my advice P' 'Have I not asked for it, or, rather, de manded it, like a true highwayman?' ' Then here is youi1 case : You have a friend ; you trust her fully ; nothing can shake your faith in her. Suddenly she does a thing shock ing, incomprehensible, and, in doing it, asks you not to question, for she cannot explain ; asks you to think of her kindly; to trosfc her still. Here is a test for your friendship. Othera may pry, drag her name about, torture her with their curiosity ; she has appealed to you. [Respect her secret. Let her bury it if she will, and can : you cannot help her. If she has beoomo that bad man's wife she is pant human help. Un doubtedly there is a mystery here ; undoubtedly . ' she has acted under the control of some power outside herself ; but she has taken the step, and— it is done !' She draws a long, sighiDg breath. ' You are right,' she says wearily, ' your wisdom is simple, but it is wisdom, and I thank you for it ; but oh! if they could have been intercepted. If 1 eould have known — havo guessod.' He smiles oddly. ' You do not consider,' be sayB, ' how cunningly thoir plans were laid ; doubtless tiiey have been waiting some such op portunity. At twelve o'clock M?. Lamctto and wife started foin the city.' ' In my service, ai&st; ! ' * At one, Frank Lomotte mounted his horse and rode eastward.' ' Alas ! also to eervo me,' 6 At two o'clock the coast was clear, and the flight commenced. When it became known search was made for Evan, as the only member of the family within reach of a warning voice. They found him in a beer saloon, in a state of beastly intosicationo' 'Oh!' ' Of course ho was surrounded by a crov'd eages? to see and to hear how he would receive the news ; and the work of sobering him up was at once commenced. It took a long time to make him comprehend their meaning, but after awhile the name of his sister, coupled with that of John Burrill, brought him staggering to his feet and a few moments later, a plain state ment of the facts, hurled bluntly at him by one of the loungers, sobered him completely. In an instant he had laid his informant sprawling in the saloon sawdust. He declared it a calumny, as 'yon did. and declared war upon the lot of them. Soon kinder hands rescued him from .these tormentors, and men he eould not doubt convinced him of the truth of the unhappy affair. And then, any who saw would have pitied him. The boy is wild and bad, but he has a heart, and he loves his sister. Poor fellow ! he is not all bad.' 4 Poor Evan !' ' He telegraphed at, once to bis father, and then set out for Mapleton, looking like the ghost of himself, bat carrying a freshly filled flask.' 'Of course,' mournfully. ' He would have started in pursuit had they not convinced him of the folly of such an under taking.' 'Folly indeed, for him.' ' And now, Miss Wardour, we have arrived at the end of certainty, and to enter into the field of conjecture is useless. The time may come when some of us may be of actual service to this most unhappy friend of yours. I confess that I wait with some curiosity the movements Oi uvr partmiu iu luh ujuli-oi.. c They will take her from him at once. They will buy him oft ; compel him— anything to got her back.' 'Perhaps ; but— she may resist them. Think of that letter.' ' True. Ah me ! I can't think. Doctor Heath, I have kept you here starving. I bad forgotten tbat dinner ever was, or could be. You shall dine with Aunt Honor and myself ; and, for the present, we will not speak of poor Sybil's flight to her. She would run the entire gamut of speculation, for she is very much given to ' seeing through things,' and I can't bear to talk too much on this subject. I should got angry, and nervous, end altogether unpleasant. I eay ' you will stay ; ' will you stay ? ' He has never before been invited to dine at Wardour Place, except when the dinner has been a formol one, and the guests numerous ; but he accepts thin invitation to dine ' en fsmillo' quite nonchalantly, and as a thing of course. So be dines at Wardour PJaca, and talks with Aunt Honor about the robbery, and listens to her description of the splendid Wardour dia monds, and looks at Constance, and thinks his own thoughts. After dinner Aunt Honor occupies herself with the evening paper, and, after awhile, Con stance and Doctor Heath pass out through tbe low, broad French window, and stand on the balcony. The light from within falls upon them and that portion of the balcony where they stand. There is a young moon, too ; and just beyond is a monster oak that spreads its great branches out and out, until they rustle and f?wny above the lower half of the long balcony, and rap and patter against the stone walls. 'Have you thought,' asks Constance, as she leans lightly against the iron railing, 'that to morrow is Sunday, and that Mr. Lamotte, un ions he hasi already returned, cannot reach home until Monday ?' ' It has occurred to me.' 'And poor Sybil! Where will she be by then ?' ' Mioa Wardour ! What disintorestfldnean! I thought yon wera thinking of your detective.' ?My detective! Why, what a lot of stupid people! He might, as well not come at all. Why didn't you tell me to telegraph at once ?' 'Because Mr. Lamotte w«3 coming. I de pended upon him.' 1 And ho hfio mado a blunder.' ' JN'ot aeceaDtmly.' ' Why ?' ' He may have eeen an officer immediately, and the man may ba now on the way by the night train, He will bo sure to be here before Monday, or he is no detective. They de pend very little on the regular trains.' ' Oh ; I am enlightened ! All the same I shall never see my diamonds more.' 'You don't seem much troubled,' ' Pride, all pride ! I'm heart-broken.' 'You're a most nonchalant young lady.' 1 Yes— it's contagious.' Then they both laugh and relapse into silence, Presently she says : ' We are sure to have the wrong man. Why did you not tall me the name of your great de tective, so that I might have commissioned Mr. Lamotto to bring him ? That man has been in my mind all day. You have made me enamoured of him1' ' Why P' laughing indolently ; ' I barely men tioned him.' ' No matter ; you say he ia a splendid officer ?' ' There is no better. I know of none as good,' ' And his name ?' ' A very romantic one : Neil J. Bathnrst.' ' Why !' stepping suddenly to the window. ' Aunt Honor !' ' Well,' replies Mrs, Aliston from behind her newspaper. 'Whet is the name of your wonderful detec tive who brought those two murderers from Europe, and had them properly hungP' ' Mr. Neil Bathurat. Why, my dear ?' ' Oh, nothing special, auntie ;' then returning to the window, ' Auntie never loses trace o£ a crime or a trial in high life. I have heard her talk of this man's splendid exploits, by the hour. She is a walking catalogue in all aristo cratic sensations. So this is your great man P Well, if he is in the city, we mast have him. Mr. Lamotte shall bring hia man or send him ; there should be work for two. As for me I in tend to secure the services of Mr. Neil J. Batburst. ' He may not be within reach ; he ia constantly moving, and alway busy.' ' No matter. I tell you I want to see thio man.' ' That being the caoe, I may as well prssont myself.' They start at the sound of a strange voice near them. There is a rustling of leaves, ond from one of the great oak's extended branches, a form swings downward, and drops lightly upon the grass, just before the place whose they stand. ' Who are you ?' demands Dr. Heath, sternly as the eavesdropper approaches. 'And what does this impertinence moan ?' Before they can think, the man approaches the balcony, puta his hands upon the railing, and springs lightly over ; standing in the full light that falls from within, he doffa bis hat like a courtier, and bending before Constance, says, in a voice that is, for a man, singularly rich and mellow, ' Mndnrae, I am here at your service. I am Noil J. Bathurst.' CHAPTER V. THE DEDUCTIONS OF A DETECTIVE. Both Constance and Dr. Heath fancy that they comprehend the situation almost instan taneously. The stranger's movemonta have been so catlike, his voice so carefully modulated, Aunt Honor reads on, never dreaming that an addition has been made to the party, Doctor Hocth is the first to speak. ' Upon my word,' he says, with a touch of coldnoRa in his tone ; ' this ia quite dramatic.' ' It's a very good tableau,' admits the new comer, ' but dramatic as the present day drama goes? No ; it's tco naturally brought about, as you will admit, when I explain my presence here. Your mention of my name, whilo Hay sprawled across the great branch, within easy hearing, wan rnthov aonantional, to me, but, of course you can explain that.' By this time Constance has recovered herself, and rises to the occasion ; in fact she rather enjoys the situation ; thin is one of tho emev ftencioa wherein sho is quite nthome. Without otopping for commonplace voraarirs or expressions of surprise, she goes straight to tb.9 point. ' How we came io be diseusning vou, yon must understand, if you are really Mr. Bathurst, and — have been vary long in that tree,' 6 I Slave heen 'very loiig ' ia tbat tree, I feel it.' ruefully. And I urn Neil Ba thui'Qt, dotootive ; novor was anybody olos, trad by the by, hore is the doctor ; I heard him giving me a, capital ' recommend ' ; nov7 bid him stop up and identify me,' and ho IfiBgha as if lie had uttesjed. a capital joko, Doctor Heath laughs now, as he comes closer and scrutinizes him by the light from the draw ing room. ' Oh, I recogoizs you by youi? voice, which you have not attempted to disguise, and by yoM — a— assurance.' 'I thought so!' rubbing his hands with q satiafiad ah?. 'But that physiognomy, I never saw before.5 The detective laughs. ' No, this is one of my business faces, and yois sir, are one of the few who have known me simply as a man, without reference to my occu pation ; a man like me may be expected to turn up anywhere, but you sir, are the last man I os- peoted to see in this place.' ' Nevertheless, I have been an inhabitant oi W ? for a year ; but enough of me for th@ present. Mr. Bathurst, this lady is Miss War dour, in whose service yoa have been retained,' Miss Wardens? extends a gracious welcoming hand. 'Mr, Batburst has hea&'d mo express my desire to know him,' she says with a littlo ripple of laughter, ' so no more need bo said on the subject. Mr. Bathurst, you came as oppor tunely as a fairy godmother ; and now let us go in and take my aunt into out' counsels.' She lifts tbe lace curtains and pasoes in ; &Q; she goes, Doctor Heath lays a detaining hand on the detective's arm. ' Me, Bathurst,' he whispers; ' in W-— I am Doctor Heath from nowhere.' ' I comprehend,' significantly, ' Taank you ;' then they too peso through the window, and the detective goes through the ordeal of presentation to Aunt Honor. Mrs. Aliston, being a thorough woman, who knows her perquisites, gets through with the necessary amount of astonishment, ejaculations, questionings and expressions of de light : all things are overcome by time, even a woman's volubility. And during the flow of hee discourse the detective is communing thus with his ' inner consciousness.' ' So we have been retained by this handsome young lady P Well, that's intelligence ! and what does the old lady mean by supposing that Mr, Lamotte has told me this and that? Who the deuce is Lamotte P Why the deuce don't oome» body ask me how I came to be perched in that tree? Do they think it's a proper thing fo? de- tectives to tumble in among them out of the trees and the akios P After all, it is like a drama, for I'll be blessed if I see any sense in it oil.' ' I see you are all more oj.1 less attracted by my personal appoaronce,' he says, after Aunt Honor has given up the floor. ' Now that I think of it, it's not just the thing for a drawing room.' ? Mr. Neil Bathu.ist, or his present present ment, is a medium sized man, attired in gar ments that have once been elegant, but are novf frayed, threadbare, travel worn ; his feet are encased in boots that have once been jaunty ; his hat is -as rakish aa it is battered ; his face wears that dull reddish hue, common to fair ; complexions that have been long exposed to buo ? and wind ; his hair and beard somewhat matted, somewhat disordered, may have born© some \ tinge of auburn or yellow once, but they too, \ have unmistakably battlod with, the sun, and ; have come out, a light hay colour. As Con stance looks at him, she mentally confesses that he is certainly the oddest figure she has evar ontortoined in her drawing-room. j 'I have been wondering just what grade of humanity you are supposing yourself to repre sent just now,' says Doctor Heath, eyeing him quizzically. ' What !' with mock humility, ' am I thus a failure ? Miss Wardour, look at me well ; do you not recognize my social ranlrp' Constance surveys him afreBb, with critical eye. ' I think,' she says, ' I recognize the gentle man tramp : one of the sort who asks to wash his faco boforo eating, and to chop your wood I after.' I 'Eight !' says tba detective. 'My self- I reapeot returns; I am not a bungler. In the I morning I shall be on the ground, to wash my I face, and chop your wood ; which remindo me— I your servunta, they must not bob me hore ; I I must do part as I came, and soon,' I ' And your soarch,' asks Coustauoe, ( when I will that begin P' I ?My search P' heuitating oddly. 'Oh, that I hoo already commenced.' I 