Minister of Mines's Tour, VlSns TO COWEA AND NEIGHBORHOOD. The Hon. Francis Abigail, the Minister of Mines, returned yesterday morning from his visit to the mining districts in and around Cowra. The trip has occupied , eight days, and over a thousand miles have been travelled, irrespective of the pedestrian performances in examining every mine on the various fields. Eight days of real hard work have been got through, Mr. Abigail having personally inspected every claim thoroughly. The country all round bears evi dence of permanent prosperity. Grass is plenti ful, and latterly the rainfall has been good. The mines at Captain's Flat are being thoroughly and satisfactorily worked. The prin cipal claims are the Vanderbiit, the North Vanderbiit, the Commodore, and the Kohinoor, This latter has now about 40 tons of bullion, worth about £'A6 per ton, ready for shipment, and the battery and smelting furnace are turning out at the rate of nearly twenty tons a week.1 The supply of ore is so great and so easy of access that one man is able to get out enough stuff t« keep a fifteen stamp battery constantly going. Captain's Flat obtains its name from the death of a celebrated working bullock in the early days, ?who gave up the ghost there, being the first animal of the kind that was ever seen in the locality. In one of the mines here a vug of chloro bromide of silver was found, which, on being assayed, gave a result equal to 10,000oz of silver to the ton. Mount Macdonald is distant by road about 30 miles' from Cowra, and was visited on Monday last. Here thera are a large number of gold mines, and a battery of fifteen stamps. All the reefs are payable ones, and would be much more so but that the machinery is of a very primitive style. With modern appliances for the extraction of gold, it-is believed that the yield would be nearly doubled. Many of the claims here are owned and worked by working men. They are all confident of suc cess, but are almost at the end of their means ; and Mr. Abigail has promised freely that he will allot them a sum out of the prospecting' vote to assist them in pushing forward their work. On Monday eveniag the visitors were enter tained at a banquet at Evan's Hotel, when the usual toasts were drunk and speeches made. Mr. Abigail gave an address is which he acknowledged the perseverance of the miners, and gave his opinion ©n the prospects of the field, promising, as above, that he would assist them. An early start was made on Tuesday morning for Woodstock, and every mine en route visited and examined. Halfway between Mount Mac donald and Woodstock a small but perfect little battery of four stamps is constantly em ployed. There are also two copper mines on the road, both of which are turning out a large amount of that metal. At 2 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon the visitors were invited by the people of Woodstock to a banquet, and here also Mr. Abigail promised a sum from the prospecting vote. The proceeding here were necessarily brief, as the party had to leave at 6 in the evening so as to arrive in Sydney this morning. With snch resources as were shown in the various districts visited, the country cannot but be prosperous, and the men on the various fields are hard working, sober, orderly men, thoroughly determined to make their mines pay. The little aid which the Miaister will grant will enable the miners to carry out the work so well begun to a successful termination. 