GENERALITIES. Why is the centre of a tow like it dog e - tail!—Because it's farthest from the bark. How annoyed a man moat fwl who ia suc cessfully vaccinated, and two weeka later meets with an accident, end has to have the arm ampntated. Do to-day's doty, fight to-day's temptation and do not weaken and distract yourself by looking forward to things whioh yon cannot see, and conld not understand if yon saw them. Although Shakapeara spelled his name eighteen or twenty different ways, vet hie average signature wonld lead one to believe Mm to have been a olerk in some Chinese lanndry. " And the conn try wonld blossom like a rose." aaid an agricultural orator. "It'd better blossom as a cabbage," said an old farmer; " 1 never oonld see any profit in them, air roses," " Are yon a man of family, sir ?" he said to a timid little ohap who had a nervous way of looking over hie shonlder. "Yea, sir," was the reply; "my wife has a husband and four children." " Ton don't taste any veal in these chicken croquettes," eaid the restaurant- keeper, with cosscions reotitnde. " No, indeed 1" assented the ouetomer. " What do yon make them of —codfish!" Bright boy—"Whioh is the heaviest, a pound of lead or a ponnd of feathers!" Boston child—"Neither." "Neither!" "No,, as there are only two neither of them oan be the heaviest. 11 First City Clerk—" Hello, old obhppie, yen look entirely fagged out I What's the matter! BeoondCityClerk—"Ob,nothingi A week's rest will set me np. Jnst back from my holdlay." Anxious to Begin.—Prison Warden, (to new convict)—" We assign men here to work with which they are familiar, So If yon have - any speoial line aay so and we will Start yon at once." Conviot (who can scarcely believe hiaears)—1"Thanks; I oan't begin too soon,. I am an aeronaut." " Larry, my wife and I have both notioed that the town people etare at ni very hard. I hope yon haven't been telling anybody thsfe - We are newly married!" "MeteU'em, sor!' Is it likely that i'dno ughnny express order !' Why. whinever anybody tried to pomp me,, sor, I told them yon wasn't married at alL" Wife—"Poor mamma la dreadfully low spirited this morning, George., Only think— she has jnet expressed a wish to be cre mated 1" Husband (with alaority) — O'b-less my " (Throwing down his • newspaper.^"Tell, her to pnt her things on, dear! I'll—I'll drive her over at once 1" ' A Pbeoaution.—Counsel for the defenoe (to his wife)—" My dear, I want yon to look np everything that ia movable in oar houBe,"' wife—"Why so!"' Counsel—"The thief' who was acquitted this morning withont a - stain on his character owing to my brilliant defence is ooming this evening to thank me."' ; Of a Lady Who Told Heb Age.—An In- - disoreet young man onoe asked a lady her - age. "Wait while I count," she replied, •fr married at 18; my hnsband was then SO. Now he is twioe-that—then I must be 36. ') Is it possible!" ejaculated the other, aghast - sit this novel method of feminine computa tion. i' I Talking to a Machine.—" Bat I don't un derstand about this phonograph. How la it done ! Whatis it like !". "Why,.it is simply ing to . a machine instead of to ears of flesh and blood." " Talking to a maohine!"' "Yes, talking to a machine; not preolsely as I am doing now, bnt very mnoh the ehme." Well Supplied with Sistebs.—She had ', promised to be a sister to him. He thanked her coldly, bnt said that he already had five deters. " Why, Mr. Sampson," said the giil, "I thnnrrlit trim Wfirean nnlvnhild." "lam. I thought yon were an only child." "lam," he responded. "I mean that I have five sisters Booh as yon offertobe,"and he tottered to the door. " Isn't that beantifnl!" said a young travel ling man to Mrs. De Perqne, as the oroheatra ■ finished playing the " Marseillaise." " There is something so sublime and sonl-stirring: about that grand Old Mr." " Yes," re sponded'Mrs. DeP languidly. "Bnt yon should- have -been with < me to Paris and heard it played In. Franoh." . . Joy am American Polities.—'"Mr. Millaap,"' said the beantifnl maiden, aB she gently re moved-the vonng man's arm from abont her waist, " I nave only known yon for two or three weeks, yon must remember, and I have heard papa say be has seen many a prominent candidate ruin his ohances by bringing too mnoh pressure to bear early-in tne cam paign. It is related that a gentleman, who was - trying a horse in oompany with a jooke/,. notioed that after having driven a mile or so he. polled - pretty .hard, required constant - watching and a steady rein. The gentleman enquired, " Do yon think it is jnet the horse for a lady to drive ?" " Well, sir," answered thejockey, "I must say I shouldn't want to - marry the. woman that oonld drive that horse." .... . Passing along Princes-street, Edinburgh, one' day Vhercolean Scots Grey stopped at the Post-Office and called on a street Arab to polish his boot*. The feet of the dragoon wfre in proportion to his height, and lopklcg.attbe tremendous boots before him, tbe.Arab -knelt down' on the pavement and ' called upon his chum near by, "Jamie, come ower ana-gie's a hand; Tve got an army con tract." It ia told cf a popnlar solicitor that be - recently called upon a brother In the profes sion-asd-asked-his ophuon-npon a certain point of law. The lawyer to whom the - qOeetion was addresseddrew himself np- and said. "1 generally get paid for whkt I know."; The questioner drew half-a- crown from his pocket, handed it to the ether, and ' coolly femarked, " Toll me all yon know and - give me the change." -' A well-known French traveller, on his - return fcom-Ril, happened to call on the late Baron Ames ae Ho toe child, and the latter,. always on the look-ont for information, pressed hljn formatters of interest concerning that conntry^ After much hesitation, the visitor at length remarked that what had : struck him meet.was that there were no Jews and' no-pifp '-whatever ton 'the island. Let - np. go {there together, dear boy," quickly answered-the Baron; "wo shall make-a fortune;"-.t'.s.i a i; _v. " v- : Pecttliab Advertising.—-A cheap clothes - dfcalir..hak been driven to a uGvel expodlent by.' the' demand foraoniethingnew Uf the adveftismg- hks'.-fcotn 'put from copies ©fllante's " Inferno" .and. Milton's 't Paradise Lest," which are Ulnstrated by Dors, a lot of the most hideous full-pace - pictures, and has them. Mattered thiokly - about among the goods in, his show-windo w. Wretohed beings writhe nnder a rain of fire upon a pair pf -trousers placarded, "Like tbi*,-$3.''- Demons lash naked ghosts through - a forest of serpents upon a suit tioketed, " Imported, only $201" and Adam, and Eva - eat' their evening meal in Eden against a background of striped cloth labelled—" Pants - off this pieoe only $4 SO cents." 