PECULIAR GRECIAN CUSTOMS. When death is expected, the attendant mourners in the Greek Islands have many little customs peculiar to thernselvei. The mori bund is handed a bowl of .vater, into which he purs a pinch of salt for each person with whom he is at enmity, saying as he does so, "May my wrath perish as this salt for it is considered dreadful for a man to die leaving an eneiuy behind him. His spirit, it is be lieved, will not rest, but will wander about as a poor ghost, sucking the blood of his friends | like the shades in ancient Hades to gain j strength fur his earthly wanderings. If the complaint is consumption, they suppo-se that three Erinnyes stand ready to pounce on children at the corners of the room ; hence the young are kept out of the way when the dyiii'4 is in, extremis, and a hoie is opened over his head to allow the Erinnyes to escape. Fevers arebe^t cured by priestly iucantatinns: the name of the disease is written on a slip of piper, and with prayer and much incensing this is bound to a tree, hoping thereby to transfer the malady. I licence is much used by the priest in his visitations to the sick ;the whole room is thick with it, and perhaps con tagion is thus often avoided. When the death has occurred the women rush on to the flat roof or some other conspicuous place, where they rand the air with their cries, tear their hair and give may to unbridle 1 grief The town crier is sent round to announce the fact to the neighbours, and to summon friends to the death-wail, which takes place an hour or two after the spirit has left the body. After the body has been waaht-.d in wine, it is laid out on a bier in the, centre of the one- roomed house, arrayed in the deceased's best clothes, decked out with flu wers. and wil.h lamns hum at tho siile. —Scottish Review. Old Phrases.—A. tailor ofSainarcand, Asia, who lived on a street leading to the burying ground, kept near his shop an earthen pot, in which he was accustomed to deposit a pebble whenever a body was carried to its final rest ing-place. Finally the tailor died; and see ins the shop deserted, a person inquired what hail become of the former occupant. "He has gone to pot hiniBelf," was the reply by one of the deceased's neighbours'—Formerly in London when a small dealer bought bread of the baker, for every dozen loaves purchased he was given an extra loaf as profit, from which circumstance "a bakers'.*) dozen" signi fies thirteen. Various origins havo been assigned the phrase, but tho above is the only one based oil a sure foundation.—In a work, "ifissaya From the Desk of Poor Robert tho Scribe," published in 1815, tho author, C. Miner, tells the story of a boy who, by the offer of a liberal compensation, was induced to turn the grindstone for a man who dosired j to shavp'.'n hi3 ax.*;. Tin: promised compen- ! sation was never p tid, and of one who dis- ; <;uises his own Keith!) aiiiis uadnr an p;- j ance of •{enerfwH or <ii.--ii; v:' v:1 a u iV | marked—'"He has au ase to grind,'1 