THE DAY OF REST. JEHOVAH HATH SPOKEN: WILL YE NOT HEAR ? A Sermon by C. H. Spubgbon. "Hear ye, and give ear; be not proud, for the Lord bath spoken. Give glory to the Lord your God, before lie cause darkness, and before your feet stumble upon the dark mountains, and, while ye look for light. He tnm it into the shadow ol death, and make it gross darkness. But if ye will not hear it my soul shall weep in secret places for your pride; and mine eye shall weep sore, and ran down with tears, because the Lord's flock is carried away captive."— Jeremiah xiii. 16-17. In this chapter Jeremiah had proclaimed the judgment of God against his sinful people under two very striking figures. Israel had been to God what a girdle is to a man; the people h.d been bound closely about Him in His great lore and favour; but, on account of their sin, the Lord would put them away, and tbey should be bidden by the Euphrates till their beauty was marred; till, in fact, like a rotten girdle, their whole state had become decayed. "Thus salth the Lord, After this manner will I mar the pride of Judah, and the great pride of Jerusalem." Ihen Be spake to them by a second parable—" Every bottle shall be filled with wine | and he showed how God's wrath would come upon the people, to fill them with a judicial drunkenness,i so that they should become besotted, and in their delirium should strive one with another to their mutual undoing. 1 he Lord declared that thus He would " dash them one against another, even the fatheis and the Bons together." ThuB, under two homely but exceedingly terrible figures, Jeremiah preached the law to the people, that they might be humbled nnder a sense of sin. Had they but felt, the force of this teaching they would have begun to mourn for their sin, and, under dread of wrath, they would have cried for mercy. Taking it for granted | that this might be the case—though, alas I it did not so happen—the Lord gave to His prophet an interval for proclaiming mercy. After those two great thunderclaps of judgment came a gracious shower, oi grace. The piophet, in what we may venture to call an evangelistic style, exhorts the people, and addresses to them the characteristic gospel precept, "Hear ye, and give ear, for Jehovah oath spoken." His words remind us of Isaiah's exhortation, "Incline year ear, and come unto me; bear, and your sonl shall live;" and again—"Hearken diligently onto Me, and eat that which is good." under the gospel. " faith cometh l>y bearing, and bearing by the Word of God;" and bo Jeremiah doth, as it were, in these verses preach the gospel to the backsliding house of. Judah This iB ever God's design in threatening judgment; He desires to nrepare the people for His. grace. I wonld take np the prophet's strain by the help of the Lord, praying to be a partaker ol His earnest and tender spirit. I. We will enter upon onr subject at once, for there is much to speak of. The first head will be this; listen, O my hearers with deep attention, for there is a revelation. Bead the text—" Hear ye, and give ear; be not prond, for the Lord hatn spoken." If the Lord had not spoken toe silence would have deepened and established, yonr natural darkness, and if you had been enquiring after God yonr heart would have cried, " On, that He would break this dreadful silence 1" How sad would have been our estate if we had to seek after God if haply, we might find Him 1 Shall man by searching find out God! Who among us could reason ouraelves into the knowledge of the Lord; or imagine the thoughts of His mind! But here you hava the greatsourco of comfort and instruction—" Jehovah hath spoken." le not this a just eall. for the atten tion ofall His creatures! The voice which we are bidden to bear is a Divine voice, it is the voice of Bim that made the heavens and the earth, whose creatures we are. Jehovah hath spoken 1 If it were but the voice of prophets apart from their Master, it might be bnt a slight sin to refuse what the; Bay: but since Jehovah bath spoken, shall'men dare to be deaf to him? Shall the; turn awa; from Him that speaketh from heaven ? Be that spake us into being hath spoken to our being. Be by whose word the heavens stand; and at whose word both heaven and earth shall pass away, hath spoken, and His voioe is to the sons- of men. It is God. who says, i "I have written to him the great things of My law." The sacred Scriptures Bre the record of what God hath spoken. Beceive them with the reverence which tbey deserve as coming from God only, and as being, therefore, pure truth, fixed certainty, and unerring light. It is a word most clear and plain, for Jehovah hath spoken. Be might have taught us only by the works of Bis hands, in which the invisible things of God, even His eternal power and God head, are clearly seen. What is all creation but a hieroglyphic ecroll, in which the Lord has written ont Bis character as Creator and Providers Bnt since Be knew that we were dim of sight and doll of comnehension, the Lord has gone beyond the symbols and hieroglyphs, and used articulate speech, such as a man useth witb his fellow—Jehovah hath spoken. A man may act before us his mind in emblems, and we may fail to perceive his meaning; bnt when be speaks we understand his communlca tions by language, since such mode of expression are suitable to the human intellect Speech is the fit manner of commerce between mind and mind, and it is therefore most delightful that the all-glorious Jehovah should stoop from writing in starry letters across the sky, and from mirroring Bis form in tempests on the sea, and speak with us as a man speaketh with his friends. Jehovah is no dumb deity—He hath spoken to us in sweet and chosen words by Bis Spirit. Ob, when there is a testimony so clear and plain that be who runs may read, well may the prophet exhort us, saying, " Bear ye, and give ear, for Jehovah hath spoken." Let it not be said of us. as of the sinners long ago, "I spake unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and I called yon, but ye answered not. Moreover, I gather from the expression in the text that the revelation made to us by the Lord is an unchangeable and abiding word. It Is not to day that Jehovah is speaking, but Jeb07ah hath spoken —Bis voice by the prophets and apostles is silent now, for Be hath revealed all truth which is need ful for salvation. The Lord might fitly say to us this dsy—" What I have written I have written.? He changeth not His word, but though heaven and earth paBs away. Bis word abideth. We are not living in a period of gradual revelation, bs some imagine—Jehovah hath spoken, and He openeth not Bis month a second time. He hath closed the canon of Scripture with a curse upon him that shall add to or take from the words of the Book of thiB prophecy. Jehovah hath spoken I Tou have not to go on making discoveries of new truth outside of Scripture; your duty lies in diligently receiving the completed testimony of the Lord God, for the word of the Lord Is perfect, converting thB bouL He has folly told yon your relation to your God, and the way by which yon may be reconciled to Him, and be at peace. "Add thon not nnto Bis words, lest He reprove tbee, and then be found a liar." Jehovah hath spoken, and it is written In His law, " Ye shall not add nnto the word which I command you." II. Secondly—and I have already anticipated it— Bince there is a revelation, it should be suitably received. If Jehovah hath spoken, then all attorn tion shonld be given; yea, donble attention, even ail the text bath it, "Hear ye, and give ear" Hear, and hear again—incline yonr ear, hearken dili gently, surrender your soul to the teaching of the Lord God; and be not satisfied till yon have heard Bis teaching, have heard it with yonr whole beings and have felt the force of its every troth. "Bear ye," because the word comes with power, and *' give ear," because yon willingly receive. How eager men aTe after the treasure which melts before their eyes—how tbey will drink in every syllable by which they may learn how to be rich; bat when God speaketh, who brings in both His hands eternal ana abiding riches, men are deaf as the adder, careless as the beast of the field. He saith, " I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded." Is this right or wire? Snrely, if Jehovah speaks we are bound toy all that is jnst and good and gratefnl to wait In reverent silence till we know His mind. Let a general hnBh go through the universe, and let all ears with solemn reverence await the sound of the voice of the Lord. Then It is added, as if by way of directing ns how snitabiy to hear this revelation—"Give glory to Jehovah yonr God." There onght to be In hearing Bnd reading the revelation of God a constant giving of glory to the Lord. His spsaldng Is a manifesta tion of His glory, as when the son ariseth Bis light is spread abroad; yon and I are to reflect that light even as the valleys rejoice in His brightness of the noontide. Let us stand, as it were, tohe shone npon by the Lord, ready every one of as to reflect that light which csmeth from on high. Give glory to God at once by worthily hearing His gospel. How Sb that to be done ? Stand thou still, end bear the word of the £ord. Glorify the Loid by accepting whatsoever He saith onto thee as being infallibly true. Believe in the Lord your God, so shell ye be established; believe His prophets, so shall ye prosper. Know what the Lord has said, and let it stand to thee as sure and steadfast troth. Seek for no farther reasons to sustain thy faith, bnt let " Thus Balth the Lord" stand to thee in the stead of all arguments, To me a sentence oi Scripture is the essence ol logic, the proof positive—the word which may net be ques tioned. Eyes and ears may bs doubted, bat not the written word, inspired of the Holy Ghost. Blessed are those who sit at Jeeus's feet and receive of His words. It ia oar wisdom to kaow nothing of our selves, bat to be taught of the Holy Ghost; and to think nothing of ourselves, bat to have the mind of I God, and to think after Him whose thoughts are as 1 high above our thonghts as the heavens are above i the earth. We give glory to God in reference to < revelation when we receive it, every jot and tittle of: it, and bow oar minds before it. In these days this virtue is lightly esteemed, for the Saviour's words - are still true—" He that loveth Me not keepeth not! My sayings." In all its length and breadth, what soever the Lord saith we beueve; and we desire to know neither less nor more than He has spoken. We must receive the word, however, in a hearty and honest manner so as to act upon it. We must therefore repent of the sin which the Lord condemns, and turn from the way which He abhors; we must loathe the vices which He forbids us, and seek after the virtue which he commands. We give glory toI God when we penitently confess tint we nave broken His holy law, and grieve because we have' eo done. Did not Joshua bid Achan give glory to God by confession of his sin? and so must we. By confession we glorify God's justice, omniscience,' and truth, and yet further, we glorify His mercy when, confessing Bin, we ask for pardon through Jesus Christ our Lord. Thus should every human being receive the revelation of God bringing forth fruits meet for repentance. Thy light hath shone upon me, O my God, and therefore I see my dark-: nees. O remove it. Thou bast lighted a candle,' and by its light I discover my spots and stains, and I acknowledge them in Thy sight—" Against Thee,! Thee only, have I Binned, and done this evil in Thy1 sight—that Thou mightest be justified when Thon speakest, and be clear when Tnon judgest." Thus, bumbling ourselves on account of sin ws receive the; word of God aright, and give God glory. : III. Bnt, thirdly, pride in the human heart pre-: vents such a reception. The text runs, "Hear ye, and give ear: be not proud, for the Lord hath' spoken." And further on the prophet says, " If yei will not hear it, my eoul shall weep in Becret places; for your pride." The prophet here puts bis fingerj upon the blot. Why is it, my dear hearers, that there are among you this day who have beard God's, word year after year, and yet have not received it f The eeoret reason is your pride. Perhaps pride' prompts you indignantly to deny the accusation, i In some it is the pride of intellect. They do not wish to be treated like children; they are not! content to receive the kingdom of God as a little! child, and so when JesuB says. " Except ye be con-1 verted, and become as little children, ye Bball not' enter into the kingdom of heaven," they reply that they intend to think out a gospel for themselves.' To lay the inventiveness of thought on one side, and' eimply to believe what Jesns teaches, is not to their mind; they will not humble themselves to a fact so little self-exalting. Well, sirs, if you shut the door of the kingdom against yourselves because you ate too wIbb to enter, be tbis known nnto you, that the' poor have the gospel preached to them, and that! they receive it; ana that God hath hid these things' from the wise and prudent, and hath revealed them' unto babes. Things that are despised bath God' chosen, and things that are not, to bring to naught; the things that are—that no flesh may glory in His presence. If your wisdom is greater than the! wisdom of God it were better for you to be foolish.' If you will destroy yourself to indulge you own conceit, well so it mnat be; but the day sballcome in wbich your regret shall know neither measure nor end. Oh, let none of ue be so proad as to lift up ourselves in opposition to that which Jehovah hath spoken 1 In some others it is the pride of self-esteem.! " No," say they, " this gospel which we have heard, so often Is too simple—we are capable of something snore elaborate. It humbles ns, it represents us as fallen, bb depraved; it esys that we can do nothing^ it lays us in the very dust, it makes nothing of us; it excludes all hope of boasting and glorying; we cannot stoop so low. Salvation by grace, la -ft S ' " 'fto our mind. Then free grace, eovereign grace fs not We care not to be saved like pinners; we care not td be freely forgiven as those who have nothing to pdyj That no composition will be accepted,'not even a! farthing in tire pound of our own merit; b a doc} trine too lowering to our dignity." They set the gOBpel on one side because it sets them on one eide. They are too great to be saved., Oh, sirs, it ye must be proud, at least do not throw away yoni) souls to indulge that propensity. Snrelysomething lesscoBtly may suliice for a sacrifice to the demon of vain-glory. U is a dreadful thing that men should think it better to go to hell in a digoided way than to go to heaven by the narrow road of a child-like faith In the Bedeemer. Those who will not stoop even to receive Christ Himself and the blessings of eternal life deserve to perish. God save us from such folly. It may well make us weep to think that any man should be so far gone astray from right reason as to throw away eternal bliss in order to walk with haughty steps through this poor life! Some have a pride of self-righteousness. They are good, they have kept the commandments from their youth up, they have attended to religion, they have seen to it that all rites and ceremonies have been duly performed upon them, and they thank [ God that they are not as other men are. Thli righteousness of theirs is a garment respectable enough for them to wear, and therefore they reject the righteousness of God. O ye proud, I would to God ye knew that ye are naked, and poor, and miserable. I would ye understood that your fig-leaf righteousness will never cover your nakedness in tiie sight of God, for if ye knew this ye wonld seek after the perfect righteonsness of Christ, and be robed and adorned therewith. While sin mint many in the ontside world, I fear self-righteonsnesk ruinB more among those who attend places of worship. They say, " we see." and therefore their eyes are not opened; they cry " we are clean," ana therefore they are not washed bom their Iniquity, Oh that they would cease from this vanity, and give glory to the I<ord their God, instead of taking glory themselves. How can they believe while they seek honour one of another ? j In some, too, it is the pride of selMove. They cannot deny their lusts. To cut off right-hand slut and pluck out right-eye Iniquities cannot be endured by them. Their hearts are Bet upon a c certain evil pleasure, and tbey cannot rive it up. The gospel of Jesus Christ demands of those who receive it that j they ehall be saved—not in their sins, bnt from their sins; ft comes to give ns renewal as well as rest, parity as well as pardon, sanctity as well at I safety; and there are many who, because of their foolish self-indulgence, cannot deny themselves any seeming joy, but must needs fill themselves with the poisoned sweets which delight the flesh. 0 friend, I wish that this pride were taken from thee, and that it Beemed wisdom to thee to deny thyself lift itself for the present rather than miss the hope of life eternal. The pride of self-will also works Its share of ruin among men. " Who is the lord, that I should obey Bis voice?' is the cry of many beside Pharaoh. The unrenewed heart virtually says—" I shall not mind these commands. Why should I be tied hand and foot, and rnled, and governed? I intend to be a free thinker and a free liver, and I will not submit myself." Just so, and yon ara free to lose all hope ol heaven, my friend, lies to destroy yourself. If this be your choice, then who fs to hinder you in it!? I know that I cannot Oh, that the Lord will lead yon to a better mind. Would God the Lord that He would change your will and renew your heart. But If you are eo proud that you reject the testimony of God against yourself, then who is to blame when you fall into eternal destruction ? Who is to blame bnt yourself? So I pass from mournfully consider ing this great evil which prevents the revelation q{ God from being properly received. • IT. Fourthly, hence there comes on earnest warn ing. The prophet ban pnt it, "Give glory to the Lord your God, before He cause darkness, and before your feet stumble upon the dark mountains,'" I desire to explain this vrith deep hnmfilation of spirit on my own part, and with much trembling lest any one of yon ehonld ever by experience know the truth of these words. Listen, my Mead, thou who bast rejected God and His Christ till now. Thou art already out of the way, among the dark mountains. There is a king's highway ot frith, and then bust refused it Thou hast turned aside to the right hand or to the left, according to thine own Imagination. Being oat of the way of safety, thou art in the path bf danger even now. Though the Bnnllght shines abont thee, and the flowers spring up profusely under thy feet, yet thou art in danger, for there is no safety ont of the King's road. If tbon wilt; walk according to Bis bidding thou shalt be quiet! from fear of danger, for no lion shall be there; but; inasmuch as toon art not thine own keeper and thine own law, and thon followeat in thine own ways, thou art in great peril. The unbeliever is condemned already, because he has not believed on the Hon of : God. Escape, I pray thee, wflUe thon mayest, and i enter upon that one road which is straight and nar row, but leadsth unto life eternal—the way ol faith in Jesus. If thou wDt still pursue thy headlong career, and choose a path for thyBeli, I pray thee remember that darkness is lowering around thee. The day is far spent. Around tby soul there are hanging mists and glooms already, and these will thicken into the nightdamps of bewilderment. Thinking, but not be lieving, thou wilt soon think thyself into a honor of great darknesa Refusing to hear what Jehovah has spoken, thou wilt follow other voices, which shall allure thee into an Egyptian night of confusion. Tbou wilt co on meditating and excogitating, or criticising and trifling till thou Art enveloped in a cloud of doubts, wrapped as in a dense smoke of speculation, and well nigh smothered In exhalations of unbelief. Thon 'shalt not know what to do, nor what to think, nor what to say, nor whither to be take thyself, for thou wilt have renounced thy guide and quenched thy torch. At the same time, It may be, there will come npon thee a darkness of distress —tbou wilt be sick and sorry, thon wilt be faint and weary, thon wilt be tried and troubled, and thy soul will see no help or deliverance. To which of the saints wilt thou turn? Upon whom wilt thou call in the day of thy calamity, and who will succour thee 7 Then thy thoughts will dissolve into vanity, and tby spirit shall melt into dismay. Thus s&ith; the (Lord, "Behold, I will make thee a terror to thyself; and to all thy friends." Thou shalt grope after comfort aa blind men grope for the wall, and because thou has rejected the Lord and Bis truth, He also will reject thee and leave thee to thine own devices. I do not know what may ever happen to me in this life; perhaps it eball come to pass that I may be viBlted with severe physical infirmities, and' possibly these may cause me mental depression and1 anguish; but thia one thing I know, I have com mitted my mind, my heart, my whole intellectual nature to His keeping who has promised to preserve Bis own. I desire to believe nothing but what He tells me, to do nothing but what He bids me, and to yield myself to no influence but that which He ordains for my direction; and therefore it eeems no' me that having done this for many a day I can with unstaggering confidence say at last, " Father, into fihy hand I commit my spirit." I think I may con intently nope to cast. ancuor ior ever hi hui uaveu which is 110 new refoge^to me, but the daily road Btead of my bouI. Can a man be more safe at to his Bool's condition than when he has ceased fiom depending upon himself and has taken the neat lord to be tne Shepherd at whose heel, he follows? What shield can so welt protect yon as the divine faithfulness? Under what rock can yon find such shelter as under the truthfulness of God ? I am at a pass with all new ideas in religion—I will have none of them. If that grand old book fail me I am content to fail; if the Lord shall desert me, I resign myself to be deserted : if God Himself doth lie then there Is an end of all things, and we all alike flounder in chaos. We tolerate no BUcb fears. Believing in God I am not fearful of the fnture. Neither dark mountains nor .dark 'death can cause the believer to etnmble. for he cries, " I know whom I have believed, and I am persuaded that He Is able to keep that which I have committed unto Him against that day." Bnt oh. If God be true,' whot will become of yon who will not hear Him? If the Bible be trne, what must be your portion' who pretend to be wiser than the Holy GboBt? Ton must assuredly wander Into that endless captivity from which there can be no redemption, v. So now I have to olose, but not till I have delivered my burdened heart once more. If the people would not snbmit to God, the prophet deter mined what be would do. There remains for the friends of the impenitent bat one resort. The loving prophet cries, "H ye will not hear it, my soul shall weep in secret places for yonr pride; and mine eye shall weep sore, and run down with tears,: because the Lord's flock Is carried away captive. He cannot do anything more; he has no other message to deliver. He cannot hope that God will brook their insnlts and Invent another way of saving them. He has told them the whole troth, and if they refuse It he will lay no flattering unction to their sonls. He will deliver the word of the Lord once more, and if'they again refuse he will go home to mourn for them even as Samuel monrned for Saul when the Lord had pnt him away. Observe that he does not say In the first c'ause, " My eyes shall weep," bnt "my soul shall weep." Bitter tears make red the eyes, but what must be the brine of those tears which are wept by the son! itself—a soul in angnish over wilful men who persist in destroying tbemBelveB? Those soul-sorrows Bhowed themselves in floods of tears which drenched the prophet's cheeks, for hd loved the people, and could not bear to look npon the ruin which was coming upon chem. Like our Lord in later times, the prophet beheld the city and wept over it; he could do no less, he conld do no more. Alas I his sorrow would ba unavailing, his grief was hopeless. He could not help those who would not be helped by God. If they refused to hear, he does not speak to them of "a larger hope" yet to be revealed, another season of probation, or a future revelation which would override the present word. Ah no. Heloved men too well to invent for them fools' paradises. He dared not imitate tbe old serpent in tne garden by insinuating, " Te shall not sorely die." Jeremiah bad a brave thongb tender heart. He did not truckle to men and sing pretty ditties to them, as preachers nowadays are prone to do; but be told them they would etnmble in the darkneBS, and that nothing remained for him but to sigh out his soul over their rate. Jehovah has spoken, and if they will not hear Him they mnst die in their Bins. H yon will not have Christ, if all tbe saints In the world prayed for yon; yea, ail tbe saints that ever lived, or ever BbaU live —if they all prayed for you, and if in one great river the tears oi the whole Church flowed on for ever, they conld not help yon nor bring yon hope ol salvation. Ton most have Christ or die, yon most believe In the Lamb of God or perish everlastingly. Stands it so according to the Scripture! Then none can change it. Do not dash yourselves against this rockt Fall not upon this stone I What excuse can you urge for your folly in choosing to perish? What motive can be strong enough to make yon leap into the fire when Christ is waiting to be gracious to yon ? Why should we have to sit down in sorrow because von will not believe onr report ? O, blessed Spirit of God, tonch all hearts this day, lor Jesus' sake. Amen. 