A BUSHMAN'S REMINISCENCE. Here is the sgot; here let ns camp; 7 he creek sings low; the wattles sigh; And from the far-off misty swamp Besounds the curlew's wailing cry. Turn looBe the horses; let them graze; And light the camp-fire's ruddy glow; From out the brushwood's tangl'd ways Steal shadowy forms of long ago. This is the spot. Ten years have past, And chance has brought me back once more To whfcre my lot in life was cast For joy and woe in days of yore. The fire burns bright; dark shadows sway Around us with the leaping flames, Like ghosts of that departed day Whose power to-night my mem'ry claims. Old men, two faithful chums we've been 1 hrough many a wild and reckless year; Staunch mates in many a boisterous scene, Handfast through danger, sin, and fear. My life is drawing to an end; T et ere its close I'd like to tell This yarn to you, my trusty friend, 1 Of one I lov'd, God knows how well 1 Metliought to-night I saw her stand As when her form first met mine eyes— A wattle blossom in ber hand, Her sweet face flushed with shy surprise. All day I'd ridden far and wide Through bairen scrub, o'er breezy down, And drew my rein at eventide Beside these waters golden-brown. Sbe stood amid this wattle grove, 1 he sunset on her gleaming hair, A lissome creature made for love, With dusky eyes and visage fair. What matter that her speech was rough. What matter that her birth was lew? We lov'd—ah, was not that enough For passing bliss and lasting woe? Disown'd by all my kith and kin, V hat was their ancient name to me I could not deem my love a tain In this bright land of liberty. I -weary yon—it boots not now To tell you bow I lov'd and lost. I scarce remember when and how Her father's will our wishes crost. The springtide wattles were in bloom When first we met. We met to part Beneath a sky whose wintry gloom Match'd well the sorrow of the heart. To-night it all comes back again : Her clinging arms, her sobbing tones, The sollen sky, the drizzling rain. The breeze that through the swamp oak moans. Her grave is far from here; no trace Save yonder hearthstone, bare and cold, Is left to-day to mark the place Where stood her fath9t's hut of old. No trace i« left of love's sweet dream, That fill'd this spot with beauty wild; But mem'ry sheds a lurid gleam O'er ruin'd joy by hope feguil d. E. CHABLES, in Town and Conntry. "Did you know," said a cunning Gentile to a Jew, "that they hang Jews aud jackasses together in Portland?" "Indeed!" retorted Solomon, " den it ish veil dot you and I ish not dere," 