AMUSEMENTS . ?-' . - HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE THE TWO ORPHANS. Suco tlio'Lingnrds-appeared in Sydney-now a considerable number of years ago- the drama of "The Two Orphans,'' Which then had a successful run, has not, if we remember rightly,- been performed here. The management of Her Majesty's Theatre have, however, accepted (the task of revival, und' have fulfilled it with their usual thoroughness- and efficiency. "The Two Orphans" was prevented on Saturday night before an audience | a li ich , occupied nearly the whole accommodation of the theatre. The stalls, pit, and the upper tiers of boxes appeared to be inconveniently crowded, and a large number of persons who wore crowded out of the stalls had to be admitted to the . dress- circle. A Saturday night's gathering, especially when a drama of the " popular" type is produced, in more or less uproarious'; but the conduct of the patrons of Her Majesty's who occupied the' gallery become at times outrageous, said considerably interfered with the progress of the play. Not only were visitors to the dress circle subjected to a. running. fire of ironical ejaculations as they took their seats, but at times it was impossible to hear the dialogue on thoslago owing to the noise overhead, and the acting in the prison teams was to a great extent spoiled by In verbal criticism of 'some persons who possibly consi- dered that' practical experience are the working of a penitentiary gave them the right or- free and only too audible comment As ihcnltfc-goers may not; remember the incidents contained in the plot of the " Two Orphans," it may be desirable to describe it. Henrietta and Louise, the two orphans, arrived Baris consigned to the care of Martin, a bourgeois, but at the instance of a libertine the- Marquis de Prcsles-IIcnrioHo is forcibly abducted and carried to the iltiUlim'an's chateau; leaving Ucf blind sister alone and helpless- in. the' street; Here shirts round by La Frochard; an old bag, who lives- by alternately begging and stealing, and she _ takes charge of the distracted girl under the pretence of, friendship, but in reality to make use of lun*inJordef ft! Olrtj''ilpuii-thô"creaûlity"of the charita"ble. In this she is aided by her worthy son Jacques, whose motto never to work asthma homeless stiiltoieiitly indicates his character. lJicrre, his brother, who is a cripple, and the antitliest.s/if Jnpqpes, both morally and physically, falls in love Wirth Louitoyimd-rrtiolvcstd watch- over her, but he can" do little in' opposition to the brute' strength of Jacques: after; the running of his mother. In the liTcuntimo Honribtto having recovered consciousness at do Freslos' chateau, finds' herself surrounded by preBimtteJ ghosts of the Marquis; to whom he appeals for protection. Her despair and acute anxiety about the safety of her sister awaken little sympathy until she remarks with cutting and perhaps unconscious sarcasm, that though there are persons present who claim to be gamesters rivers is riWsfriian of: honour amongst them. AiinnudvChetKlier. dft.Vaudtay,>wh» appears to have only conferred upon the thresholds vice and dissipation, and who still has a remnant of conscience left, is unable to withstand this appeal, and Ho' volunteers' to conduct Heririello from the riiaWKu. ' This proceeding is strenuously opposed by the Marquis de Presses, who, however,', is" w*our7deel in the dust which carries, und llëhriette'depaVfs'vVitri her protector. Armand naturally enougU'iill'i.iu rose-water here and degres to make her his wife ; but his father, the Count de Liniere; hearing of his son's infatuation, causes the girl to be arrested upon a grefuíídléss" crtarge'aHd convt_.-iHl to the reformatory. While Henr'.tfé'is'triusbeing-niHdç inc/Victim of the Count de Liniero's ambition, the blind and broken hearted Louise-is dragged, through; the streets and compelled to sing for the purpose of extolling (charity from the passers-by, and PfbrW ii- of Ifolp'less witness' of the brutality to wMelV rice" V- subjected, to the' reformatory Henriette meets with Marianne, whose life she has been instrumental in saving in the opening scene)- and the latter, inspired by gratitude, and in order to save Henriette from being trana period (Under the instructions of the Count de Liniere) answers to her name, gives Henriette the pardon, which has been granted to her (Marianne), and takes her place on board' the convict ship" In the last act, Louise is seen prostrated by cold and fatigue in Kroolinrd's house, and as she refuses to go out into the street any longer, she is placed in in labor room to undergo the discipline of solitary confinement tthd'seiiii-slai'viitiorl. Henriette haWng secured her release from the reformatory by means of Marianne's pardon, obtains the necessary clue to her sister's where abouts, and unexpectedly visits- the worthy La Frochard. Thoiworlhydaiueimntof all denies that Louise is rather custody, but her story being refuted by the discovery of a portion of the blind girl's clothing, she falsely suggests that Louise-is-dead, and Henriette, overcome-by the shock, becomes unconscious; The old hag, fearing detection and punishment, immediately quits the house in search of her son" Jacques', and while she is absent Louise forces the door of the room in which she is detained, and endeavours to escape ; but in attempting to find the door she stumbled over the apparently inanimate body of her sister, whom, of course, snV does not recognise. She, however, calls for assistance, the only result being that Lu Frncuard, Jacques, and Pierre return. Henriette revives, and Louise, hearing her" voice, at once rushes into her arms; but J ucques, Wo hardened to be impressed by such a moving spectacle of sister ly tenderness resolves that they shall not leave the house. Pierre, overcome by his love for" Louise, and oblivious of his physical inferiority to the stalwart Jacques; comes to the rescue, and, in the tight which odium, he succeeds in seriously wounding his brother, who, to the satisfaction of everyone but her mother, talking ailiPitfl upon the floor", Of rather upon a dilapidated mattress,. Which is conveniently adjacent. Armand end the doctor, then rush in, Pierre Vows never to leave Louise until her sight is restored, and even La Frochard desires- a qualified amount of satisfaction from the issuance of the doctor that her graceless son Jnoquas will live to be hanged. The part last named was in the hands of Mr. Rignold, who brought out the brutal nature of the worthy member of the Sans Culottes with- admirable' force. Mr. H. R. Jowett appeared as Armand, Chevalier de Vaudray. He played with a quiet dignity", arid presented the character in its true aspect. Honourable in instinct though at first dazzled by the tinsel of his surroundings, Armand is elevated by his love for Henriette, and proves a loyal champion of virtue in distress. Itr. Arthur R'. Lawrence is prominent all through the piece as Pierre, which he rendered with) studied care and effect. The unfortunate cripple's ill-concealed love for Louise, and his horror of the' transactions of which he is an enforced witness,' were- expressed with the- dramatic effect. Nor did Mr. Lawrence, at any time allow himself to become too melodramatic. The. parts of the Count de Linacre and the Marquis de Pfeiler were carefully played by Mr. J. W. Ha-int-and Mr. Sterling Whyte respectively, and Mr. A. L. Ifoeesorl i made the most of the small part of the Boobier. Mr. Pimple Harcourt WBR also effective as Pictrd, confidential servant of the Chevalier de Vatidrty. Of theatre Orphans, the blind Louise was impersonated by Miss Maggie Knight, who was cordially welcomed by the audience. Her acting was marked throughout- by.- a true appreciation of the character she had undertaken, and so pathetic, a picture did she pro sent of the half-starved, ragged, and ill-used victim of La Frochard, that the audience could not but be visibly affected. Miss Lucia Harwood as Henriette had a difficult role to undertake, but it was one to which she did full justice, Her acting in the scene at the chateau, where, almost maddened' by the thought that her sister was alone and helpless < iii' the streets of Paris, proved to be one of her finest efforts, perhaps only surpassed by the dramatic fervour she exhibited in the fourth act. In this act she is represented at her lodgings, and just as the gendarmerie arrive to effect her arrest she bears and re- cognises the voice of her sister ; she implores the officer in charge to allow her to pass, but he is inexorable, and as her BisterVashir dies Away in the distances The attempts in a paroxysm of frenzy to force her way out, and falls almost demented upon- the floor. Miss HUJ- WOIHTS acting in the last act" was, also equally successful, and it may he said finished shared with Miss Knight the hearty applause of the audience.. - Miss Emily Fitzroy gave a very interesting rendering. of the ill-fated Marianne, and Miss Annie Taylor made the character- of La Frochard'ns detestable as it was intended be., Thor minor characters were also well filled, and a word of praise is due to Mrs. Rignold for her impersonation, in the fourth act, of Genevieve, Superior of' the Salpetnoro.- This piece is very well staged, and the scenery by Mr. J. Little is excellent, notably "The Place Port;. Neuf," with view of the River Seine and Notre Dame, the "Illuminated Gardens of Chateau" Presses," the "Church of St. ? Surplice," and the " Court Yard of the Reformatory." In the, first act the diligence in which the orphans arrive in Paris appears upon the stage drawn by four horses. The " Two Orphans" will be repeated until further notice. a 