CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. For some years it has been proposed to ! build a new Bible Christian Church at Mo'iint Torrens. The proposal has now taken practical form, and a tender has been accepted for ihe work. On Saturday last his Honor the Chief Justice visited Mount Torrens to lay the memorial-stone, and the usually quiet town- ! ship was quite enthusiastic over the matter, ! flaga appearing across the road with fbral : arches bearing ' Welcome' inscriotiona. The Chief Justice in a characteristic speech deceit on tbe beautieB of rural life around ftlouat Torrens, and spoke of the great interest - : bis eBtesmed father, the late Rev. Jaa-es Way, felt in Mount Torrens. He felt that asking him to lay that memorial- stone waB an 'hereditary honor.' The committee presented bis Honor with a trowel. On the platform were representatives of most of the neighboring churches, viz., the Revs. W. Diluent, 6. Potts, J. Sexton, J. Thome, J. Trewin, besides leading residents. Afterwards a luncheon and tea were provided. The total proceeds of the day amounted to nearly £60, This, with £200 previously promised in sub scriptions, will greatly aid the committee in their determination to open the new structure free of debt. One of the best sites in the town ship has been given; some have given labor, stone, brickp, wood, or other requisites. The Catholic Monthly for November states : . — The Bteamer Salazie, wbich arrived on October 30, brought to Adelaide the Bev. J. B, McMahon, who was recently ordained at St. Charles' College, Bathurst, for this arch diocese. Father McMahon is a native of Dublin. He made his preliminary studies in hie native city, and subsequently at Mount Mellary, and bis theological course at AU Hallows Missionary College, where his health became bo delicate that a warmer and more genial climate waB recommended. The arch bishop called him to Australia, and placed hiai in the Diocesan Seminary of Bat-hurst to com plete his course. Hia health is fairly established, apd be will remain pro tern, attached to city duties. In a few days the Ormuz will bring to our shores several Sisters of Nazareth to sustain tbe poor, the orphan, and the penitent ; the 'Redemptoriat Fathers, who will make Ballarat a centre, to assist as auxiliaries to the secular clergy in tbe responsibilities of the care of bouIs ; and the fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost to found a college in which to train young Levites for the service ot the altar. The cardinal delegate follows ia the Orient, with hi3 clerical staff considbrabl^ 6ii2iX'6Tjttd to increase and perfect the wori; eo happily &ud; rapidly estecded in the few years d b;= steidecct-- ia £-'ew Souvh ViVie^ 