IT can hardly be urged against the Go. vernment that ally desire is manifested towards se8rey iu the future conduct of its, or rather, the country's business. A good deal of tall talking has been in dulged in lately, not on the floor of thd parliamentary chamber, but at festive gatherings far removed from the seat of war. We are to have the Land Bill au fail accompli before the next prorogation of Pirliusmelt, oven if the Holuuso.has to be continued in session till Christmas in order to its comnpletion, and then follows astring of bills sorely needed by the country, among them the Provincial Councils Bill, and those must beo put through, if at all practicable, before next recess. We have tried to look the history of the present House, together with the achievements of its present leaders, fairly in the face, and the re sult has been a firm conviction that, while the House as a wholo has been to those who creiated it, a grievous dii appointment, those appointed to conduct its business have been as sincere as tlhey have been outspoken. Will for in stance, the threat of another longyparlia mrnt improve the temper, or the man ners of those who are charged by Ministers with wanton obstruction, and do the Government really mean what they say, or will the naming of a long batch of measures, good doubtless in themselves, but which have not the ghost of a chance to be dealt with this session, inspire the community with con fidence in their sincerity. The fact is, some means are sadly needed which will produce far more work at far less cost of words. We have somewhere read that "in the multitude of words there wanteth not sin." Now, if talk iug either for talking's sake, or worse still, for the purpose of deluding the country, be the motive power that actu ates men on both sides of the House, we cannot but apply the proverb to them both. Take the Postmaster- General at Yass and Mr. Want at Gundagai as finishing examples. Mr. Roberts is re ported to have said on the occassion of the opening of the Tmmas bridge across the Murrumbidgeo, '$ he was gure, in the first place, thatft: (the bridge) would not have been erected unless the necessities of the district had warranted it. Whatever Government happened at any time to be in power, every care was taken, every enquiry was made, as to whether these great public works were necessary or not." A very pretty little speech truly, but, if analyzed, meaning very little. At times whenlips not honied as Mr. Roberts' evidently were just then, have spoke, there have been uncompromising charges against other Governments in the direction of a large expenditure of publich money on public works, the only real ground for whose erection was, not "that the necessities of the district warranted it," but that a loyal supporter urged the spending of the cash because it pleased his couetituents, simply that and noth ing more. Mr. Roberts, however, does not deny that statement; he says "*what ever Goverment, &o.; . . . every care was taken, every enquiry made," but he did not add that ,nless necessity demtanded it, projected works of such a hind, after due enquirl, were abandonel ; he did'nt mean that; but he did not waint his audience ro see the omission, he simply wanted to please them, and he succeeded; but for the sincerity well, the less said the better. Mr. J. H. Want at Gundagai (speshing for the Opposition side) spoke generally in terms of condemnation of the Govern. ment, and their wasting the time of the House, instancing the State House con troversy. Now no one, not even their best friends, can claim for the Govern. ment that they have devoted themselves to the tael?k of saving the public time; no one knows better than Mr. Want that the party with which he identifies himself is accountable for the waste of at least nine-tenths of the time that has during the present session, been frittered away. From one end of the country to the other the question is forcing itself into prominence, when will this stream bf unceasing and hollow talk cease to ifow ? When will our legislators settle down to do the useful and necessary work for which they were called forth ? Let us look our position fairly in the face. Neaty a third of the year has gone, the exbenditure has been met by m6ioth" bills,and though the financial statement was made some four and a half moueths.·ago, o, e estimates then IAid.before the Hoh?se, are still und;s cussed, and," ad'f fi.i'hle public expenli ture is beyond the 'control of those whose duty it is to supervise it. With such a state of things how is it possible for a House, whose chief business when called into existance, wase declared to he ad. justment of the national income and ex penditure, to deal rightly with this all imoortant matter. Neither the drastic reform in expenditure nor the righteous administration of taxation can be pro perly carried out till the House has be. fore it in proper time the whole case for consideration. Mleaninglesschatter has so far blockled the way. May we soon reach the time when those who rule will learn tiiat?,?~-t " silence is golden," and further;' wheh they speak, may our senCaors show their appreciation of true wisdom by saying: what they mean and only that, "IT seems a stralnue thing that a spec;al meeting of the Broagh Council shipldl have heen held withltt our knowledoge, yet, oeoh is the cane, and cov,,eVId b'y ,,oula,. It was held on Threlay eveonin liate th. euvoclig l of ur .bt ijub:icatioun, comaoneing Slittle before eight o'clock. The last coun ci; nsetring, held on 12th instant, was as us?ul adjourned for a fortnight, and our ignorance of the Rpecial nmeeting accounts fr the fact that we hald no roprter pireent. But not sotlthe other paper, the proprietors of t hich, either by accident or otherwise. kitev of the special tmeeting, and hIad a re porter.there; if by accidtlent, thcie is no ground of cal.ola:tc. if otiherwise, the in former nwas not tur " good Samaritan." Utder these cjrcumstances, and on the as surance that itil a faithful report, n:d that the Council O!erk informed neither of the papers of the special meeting, we pritlt the report furnished by our contemporary i'l/e lReoefrter and lllawarra Joturattl. The statements nmade Iby the Mayor and Mr. Aldermtan Love in the latter piurion of the report tmay he briefly noticed ; the IMayor stits that the City Bank had acceeded to thie request to reduce the Council's over draft from 8 to 7 per cent. That the re quest was made we have no doubt, but ilhaot the reduction was the effect of the request is open to question, andit the truth were known, it is more likely due to the present oheapness of money, as all the other banks reduced the rate on overdrafts at the same time. He also said the expected loan of d8000 had been refused in consequuoce of the new neparation movement. aut how can this thind be; the agitation is neorly three years old; if the Mayor did not in, form the lender of this fact, he failed in his duty, as between borroawers and lenders their should exist the most implicit confi dence; the ratepayers have not as yet heard even the name of the expected lender. Al derman Love rema ked that he saw a copy of a local print, containing mischievous re marks oh the subject in the office of the fi tnancialtagent. Nlow, if this means the lode p-dent," we emphatically deny the charge fOjr we have written nothing but the truth which "is mighty and will prevail." It is muth more likely that the lender has heard that the Borough, is or was, in debt £12,000 for a work that should not have cost tmore than £4,000 over which there has been great and wasteful delay; that no rates have been spent on the wards for four years ; that the expenditure of the £S,000 would fall into the same hands that caused the large debt and delay; that reporters have been ex. ecluded front their finance meetings ; that Kiama ward watts separation because of conflipcting ward interests; that all that has been written on the one side has been either editorial or over the signature of the writer, while all written on the other side has been anonymous. These facts may invalidate thie joint security while Kiama as a nimunicipality by itself would find to difficulty, indeed the amount necessary to complete the tramway.might be raised in the town itself, or for anything the council appears to know, 'r. Gee. Hill might do the work and take the cost ouat in rent. A TOPIO Of CatVorastion'for some time past has been the neceessity of a fire brigade in our mzdst. That thereis ample necessity for one should be plain to the most short. sighted resident, and a meeting has been convened by the Mayor, on requisition, for to.night, to take into consideration the de sirability, and it might be added, advis ability of forming such a brigade. The principal difliculty iu tile way, however, is the absence of a aulficiently convenient supply of water. The brigade no doubt would be useful should fire break out in olose proximity to the so;, (although sea water has an injuri0us effect on an engine) and where little trouble would be found in attaching the hose to the engine and con veying it to the water, but ashould a fire break out in a very remote part of the town, and where tl'eesupply would depend entirely on private tanks, a building could be seriously damaged by the iery elenmet, mosot likely totally destroyed, while the brigade would be powerless without water, to put into operation the cse to which the en giune and hose are intended. Thsii .hltroduoes nl argument whether the brigade will le of any use without a suflilient supply of water. Those who have signed the re. quisition should be well aware that our Oauecil is not in a position to undertake the laying down of a competent water sup ply, which with a fire brigade, in case of fire, is indispensable, The devouring element has not so far in Kiama, caueod much destruetien, but there is every. probability of fires occurring at any ino meont. However, we can .only hope that some feasible scheme of water supply will be suggested at the meeting to-night, and arrangements made for its successful carry ing out, thereby removing the only ob stacle which at present threatens to pre vent the successful establishment of the brigade. The subject hlas often booeen writ ten upon in this journal, and we again ro. commend that a trial should be made of Fotper's chemical engine, a sample of which may be seen at this office, of which it is said that One hundred gallons of water charged with carbonic acid gas, are equal in extinguishing power to 4000 gallons of plain water." The same pamphlet from which the above quotation is taken says : " WVater Improperly applied feeds the flame, in case of. burning oil, tar, and thinges of like nature, simply adding fueool to the fire, while carbonic acid gas applied by means of a chemical engine has the opposite effect, and instantly quenches it." 