TJ E SEAL OF T H E S N A K E : A SECRET IN SEVEN COILS. [Br R. E. FRANCILLON.] COIL THE FIRST. (Concluded.) "I won't, unless yon oall ma Monslear. Bat I thought you told me you were little ftaeune's ooaein! So how can yoa be £ngli«h ? You can't be a prisoner of war!" M I'm worse than that, a groat deal. Iam an exile—a real exile, Monsieur. Oh dear! And I shall be more of an exile still, in a very few days. . , . Yon Bee my grandmother wasnt an Englishwoman, at least not exactly an Englishwoman. It doesn't make me leu an Englishwoman, Monsienr, does it, for i>ue'k grandmother to have been born ont of England, bnt not in France, yoa know, if she married an Englishman, and lived in England all the Test oC her days?" "It doesn't seem to have made you less English, anyhow. So I should say no—very decidedly no." " Well, yon see, she was a sort of a second cousin of Monsienr le Proonrenr. Her name was PaequaL, bat she came from the Isle of Franoe, where she was bom, to be educated in Puis; and she ran away with my grandfather before she was eighteen, fie was an Englishman, an English soldier, which is next beat to an English sailor, Atonsieor. . He was Colonel Vernon—the Colonel Vetnon who was at the siege ' of Qaebtc, and was killed at (Gibraltar. 1 httVB his- miniature; and I have my grand mother's too. Snch a beautiful face, Mo a sictir! A complexion like a cream-white rose, and. hair ever so much blacker than mine, and eyes, not grey like mine are, bat a lovely golden brown. I remember her when she' was old ; and she was beautiful still, wifli her. dark eyes and her white hair—tali and'grand, but with ,a smile it did one good to see. We were a little afraid of her, mamma and me, especially mamma; bnt we loved her dearly all the same. She was mamma's mother, not my father's; he was a soldier, too, and when he was killed, before I was Did enough to remember, we went to live with her. And then she died; and then it caifieout that somehow or other she left mamma next heiress to all the property in the Isle of France; and my nncle out there, whose heiress she became, sent for her and me"to go ont there, and we had to go—we left England on my seventh birthday, Monsienr. Bat just then the war broke out again, and Monsienr la Procoreur didn't fenink it. safe for OB to leave France. . . . And then, when I was ten years old, I lott poor mftm mfti . . . And that's how I ctme to be little Etienne's oonsin, Monsienr." Francis was n6t very much wiser than before ; and indeed it is nsver very easy to follow other -people's genealogy, especially When'It is delivered in a single breath ana without a diagram. However, it gave him a genertl notion that she was somehow connected with the PasquaJs through a colonial grandmother; and this at any rate enabled aim to remark— "I We." ' ",Xes; and how I have come to be five years~at a French schooL, They don't let people oat on parole there, Monsienr. Monsieur le Procnretir hsa been very kind, though; I mast say that. He has always let me have everything I wanted, and of course one can't expect a great man like him, who has read all these books, to waste his time Over girl'? trouble*. And even the school wasn't a bad plane—now that I'm not going back again. Isn't it odd that you should just be ont of your French prison and I just oat of my Erencn school almost the very same day ? And both meet in the last place where either Of us was likely to be?" "It has been very pleasant any way. It is as if a bit of England had come out so meet me half-way home. Can I carry any letterany message? I arose to morrow, yoa know. Can I do anything for you on my way V "No£ things don't happen by chance," she •aid, with an altogether new air—a sadden Dhiloiophic gravity, befitting the society of Heemstenkerchins and Mcholas & Burdigala. " Yea. Ton can do something for me." "Then it is done, Mademoiselle," said Francis, who had not lived four years in France altogether for nothing. "Take me to England, Monsienr." " I should not think they will forget the Gadfly,"«aid she, " Yea; there must be war agafe; (Here shall I'll tell you a splendid wa£ They'll give yon a ship the m inute yoa get home-r-1 know they will." " Ah, it's clear though yoa don't know the Admiialty. Why, if an officer don't keep his interest alive he might as well spend four years intUgging Ws own grave." "And xne minnte yon get one yon will sprekd allyonr sails, and follow a big ship . called the^Qoatre Soeura, that starts this day week for the Isle oT France from here, with all sorts of merchandise on board, and—ma That's where I'm going, instead ot England— you can findwhere it is on the map—right on the cither side of the world. Yon'll catch her very easily, for as soon as we get into the middle of the sea I'll get np in the night and pour eater over the gunpowder and cat holes in all the sails, . . . Youll have to take me to England, then— n'est cepas, Monsieur ?" " And by the Lord Harry I believe you'd do it!" he exclaimed, amused and am&zsd.; " J. will do more ' than that," she said, gravely. VI have thought it all out already. The$ sliall think they've got a witch on hoard I'll take the glasses out of the telescope"-— Suddenly she stopped in mid career, and floated crimson. . Francis could help it no longprrr-he laughed out loud, even in the cabihet of Monsienr le Procurear. " Eleaseforgive me!" he eaidat last. " I'm awfully sorry, but piracy ?'' " Pray don't mention it," stud she, suddenly freezing again. " 1 thought an English sailor was always ready to—bnt never mind. It is highly proper to be prudent, Monsienr; at least so they teach the girls at school. I am not fit all oSendtd. Let as change the subject. . . . What do yon think of witchcraft, Monsienr ?" Francis was getting a little bewildered with the girl. He was by no means slow, but he was not used to chasing a girl who was neither child nor woman, and yet both at once, throngh all her moods and phases And it vexed him a little that she should have taken this last new tone with him, absurd as ft was to be vexed with anything so absurd. " Witchcraft 1 Why witchcraft ?" he asked, bringing his brains to bear upon this new tarn, like a three-decker trying to bring a broadside - upon a yacht that was at one moment nnder her bows and the next astern. " Is there really such a thing? 'she asked, with knitted brows. " Why, of course not" " Yes— why of course not ?" "" Because—because there cin'fc be. It's absurd." ** Then yon don't think there are witches— ' that there never were ?' Because of coarse if there ever were, there are—unless they burned them alL" "Of coarse there never were—out of a fairy tale. Ask even little Etienne—he's great on witches, and ghosts, and all sorta of hobgoblins; bnt if yon asked him if he believed in them he'd assuredly refer yoa to —the marines." " Ah, bnt a law-book isn't a fairy tale; and neat lawyers and judges, like Monsieur le Procnreur, matt know more about it than little Etienne. . . . I need to think I ehonld like to be a witch, to make people do what I want, and to flyabont through the air. Bat I don't now. . . '. It is dreadful; i is horrible; it is more than I can understand Monsienr le Procnrenr doesn't like me to touch his books, and he would scold me if he ki.ew; bat I opened one, and 1 couldn't help reading. I was reading it when you made me start by whistling—I thought for a moment that—It was the history of a real trial of witches; it was at Marseilles. . . . I cant tell yoa how horrible; I wish I could understand—No: I don't want to understand. . . . Do you think great lawyers and learned men would torture and hang and burn women for being witches it there was no soch thing?" Indeed I do," said Francis. " They used to do it—even in England. But oeople are wiser new." "Bnt suppose they are not wiser? Suppose they only fancy they are ? Then nof kilting theni, the witches I mean, would be m ire dreadful • still. . . . Only think if there are women going abont the world, married to the devil—that's what the booi says a witch is—nobody knowing who they are, and torturing And murdering and making people waste away and blighting their lives and their Bonis? . . . I can't bear to read about it-" . " Then why do you ?" "Idon't know—I suppose just lecauia I can't bear . . . I found that book the day before yesterday, and—" " Thentake my advice. Shut np the book, andidont think of soch rnbbish any more." " Such poison," he would have said, had he been aware of the .sort of evidence that had beed lafd before the Court at Marseilles. However, bad he been aware of it, ho mi^ht easily have comforted himself wita the reflection that the morbid imasrioafcioaa of bysteriaca, pedants and ascetics, were necessarily beyond the comprehension of any commonly healthy gtrl—that the very virulence of the poison deprived it of its power to barm a mind nnprepared by previous pollution. " Yes," said she, eyeing the dark corner lingeringly, "I have shut up the biok; and 1 don't suppose I shall fiud it wh«re I'm going. . . . I'm glid I'm not a wir.e'n, any bow ; and that wt»a tbo worst of it—a ims of them, those that .vero trier), I nr-aii. wer^ made witches whik * hey ' V.'t^lw.i; their own wills: arid some v.-n; Ivjm iviis ; .> s —and they burned them all the same. It was cruel to bum them, though I suppose it was tight to put them ont of the way. It does trouble me. If all those women and girls were innocent it was dreadful; and if they were guilty it's more dreadful still, because if there were witches then there must be ever so many more of them now. Suppose I were a witch" " Then ril tell you what you shall do." said Francis, lightly, who took no interest in the study of morbid humanity. " Yoa shall caBt a spell over the Admiralty; and they shall give me a ship the firsttime of asking—" She gave a little toss of her head, as if she were throwing her thoughts behind her. " I hope they will," said she, with a sndden smile, "If a hope's a epelL No—I'm not a witch ; or else I shouldn't have wanted you to save me oat of the Qaatre Soeura 1 '—and her sudden smile turned into a little sigh. Bnt it came again. "Never mind, though. I've changed my mind abont not giving yoar message to Monsieur le, Proeareur. Til give it now." " And wish me good luck ?'' "The best in the world. . . . You are the last Englishman I am ever likely to see— and . . . So, Good Luck, MonBienr." ''Thank you with all my heaiii, Mademoiselle. . . . I'm sorry you can give me no message to England; I'm sorry that we shall never come across one another again. But I shan't forget in a hurry my last talk in France; and I'm glad it's not been with a Frenchwoman—" " And when the war comes you will fight against the French very bravely indeed ?" " I'll do my best. And you'll put all th*t rubbish ont Of your head? That'll be all right, though. The sea wind will blow all that way. And so, good-by," he said, surveying in a general parting glance the Venns with one arm, the Diana with none, the guillotined Baochns, the works of .Heemstenkerchins, of Luitprandus Lugdunensis, and of Nioholas & Burdigala. Then his eyes came back to the girl, young and alive in the midst of all this solemnly mouldering decay, And he held ont his hand once more. "I don't like to remember people without being able to name them," he said. "My name is Francis GrenviL What is yonrs?" She ont her hand in his with a grave smile. " Helen Desmond," said she. 