How do You Keep the Lord's Day. . . By Laubens. Coming now to my second say con cerning Sunday, the practical point rises, How keep it? . Tlw Word seems to give plain answer, ' keep it holy.' ' But ' holy' is -made to bear various interpretation; and cover brond ground when it is applied to life practice.. I believe that there unquestionably enters here, the principle of personal liberty and the right of private j udgmeut within certain defined limits. There is an independent territory in which wo all move between the limit lines of statutory right and wrong. This is the playground, of conscience. Hero one must not presume to judge another, but only see to it that he follow faithfully the dictates of that conscience which God has given him and enlightened by the Uoly 'Ghost. Christ taught this beyond cavil when he rebuked the Pharisees for that misjudging spirit which -permitted them ?complacently to lift a sheep out of a pit or , lead an ox to water, but condemned him for lifting a man out of lameness or leading a soul to salvation on the Sabbath day. Paul teaches this to the Christian converts, troubled by the Jewish traditions, when he ?writes to the disciples in Route, ' One man estecmeth one day above another ; another esteemoth every clay alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.' And of course the only fair inference is, let ?every man mind his own persuasion, and not insist that all other men shall be like wise persuaded, or be anathema. We all, no ?doubt, need to learn the lesson of charity that tliinketh no evil. But let me here not be misunderstood. I plead not for slightest license to do wrong or questionable things. I maintain merely that there is a debatable Sunday ground wherein wo must exercise Christian charity and not carping criticism or unchristian condemnation. It may be right for me to do on Sunday what it would bo wrong for' you to do; '-That lies, not between you and Ine, but between you and your conscience and God ; between me and my conscience and God. It may be right for me to walk or ride or sleep or travel on Sunday, it may be wrong for you to do any or all of these things. You must decide that for yourself, andl am not to interfere. I must equally decide for myself, and you must not inter fere. Let us all beware of Pharisaism, that curse of the world which finds a fault in everything it does not like or do, and which loses the Spirit of Christ in the letter of a mock observance. I am not sure but a man is' better off : in a tattered coat of manly struggle against sin than in a seamless robe of self-satisfied sanctimoniousness. I am sure I would rather meet and work with him in the former guise. But there are limits of right and wrong clearly to be defined for the Christian con science. The divine teaching and command ment enjoin that Sunday, made for man, shall, in its right and religious obser vance, yield man rest and renewing, both physical and spiritual. But here is the pivot-point on which the possession of a continental or Christian Sunday turns— the point which Christ's Church is set to guard — that this Sunday rest and renewing are to be distinctively religious. This is the Lord's day for man; but it is also man's day for the Lord. This is man's largest frowth-day towards God. Man is to observe uuday in the large, but in the true; Christ apirit. It is not a workless, wanton pleasure-day, not a social festival, not a free day for excursions and pastimes. These things bear no real relation to the Tounded idea of religious rest. Sunday is your minister in' holy things. To keep the day as unto the Lord, doing such regular labor only as is necessary, doing good as opportunity offers or caii bo made to offer, neglecting not to worship God in his sanctuary, failing not to rest the soul and refresh it through holy meditation and sweet communion with its Maker and Sa viour, seeking those scenes ? and sources which minister to the spirit's diyinest de velopment, and avoiding those which hinder it — this is to keep the Sabbath-day holy, ?wherever it lead you or by whatever means of conveyance. Draw the line here— that the religious observance of Sunday is right, and that -whatever is irreligious in its character, tendency or influenco is wrong, and your Sunday 'is safe. Not otherwise. . Make it safe. In our hurrid life the Sunday pause and reverential spirit of thoughtful rest are indispensable to both soul and body, if there is to be any genuine growth Godward. A sacred Sunday starts a satisfactory week — a wasted Sunday is a bad beginning, prophetic of a sad week ending. 'Whatever makes for righteousness, fill Sunday full with that. ? -Whatever makes against righteousness avoid, for that is \- desecration, ? in. ? whatever form it may ; appear. I By all means beware of-sham in Sunday I observance. There' is a vast deal of it to I guard against. It is a fair question % whether it is a bit truer or better keeping :? o£ the Lord's day to stay at homo criticising ;;?': .a brother who has gone -on a pleasure i|'{ excursion than to go along with hiin. . Nei ?»| ther makes for righteousness, and so both -[; are wrong. It is always a good precaution, c'ij ' when you go to extract a Sunday mote £ from another's eye, to recall the Saviour's -'. j, warning, and look in the glass to see . if rfe possible there may be a beam in your own b'. that needs first to be removed. A- man can §( never see true around a beam. There is || always danger in being too good — not really, ft no danger at all of that, but in our own !,$ esteem. This nineteenth century is a good if time for Christians to realise the truest in fe' tent of Sunday and its possibilities of spiri |j tual renewal and delopment ; to look upon 1 it with a common-senso Christian view, and' l| not a mint, anise and cummin Pharisaism ; m to reflect that to gossip about one's i neighbors or minister, or lounge the time H away with flashy newspaper or trashy I i novel, is no more a religious or right obser I ! vance of the day than to spend itin boating | [' or ball-playing, or a score of other ways-we 1 ; condemn. The Sabbath, now as of old, is'' ffl the Lord's day, blessed and hallowed of God, £- to bo kept holy to him. It is given for man, H but for man's highest and everlasting good, w not for'anything-le'ss. . Let not nian either it ?dogra'de or desecrate it. .- ? ?. The Christian Church is responsible for the defence of the Christian' Sunday. Let not the Church so act that its members can fairly, be held responsible for any part of the day's desecration. Nothing but Chris tian sentiment awakened can rescue from present encroachment and preserve sweet in its sanctity this day. The call is upon God's preachers and God's people jealously and zealously to stand for the right in this matter. Let men despoil Sunday and you let them destroy -Christianity at the same time. Sunday desecration is the short-cut to Church extinction. But what can you, one man or one woman, disciple of the 'Lord, do about it ? Sunday observance, 1 ike charity, begins at homo. You can begin there, with the question of individual responsi bility, ' How do you keep the Lord's day ?'? 