THE AEGONAUTS OF NORTH LIBERTY. Bx Bret Haetk. Author of 'Tho Luok of Roaring Camp,' 'In the Carquinez Woods,' &o.f; &o;, [Aix Riairrs Eeseeved.] Chaiteb VIII.— (.Continued.) Foixowino out an ingonious idea of hia own, Esekiel called tho noxt day on the Domorests, nnd in some occult fashion obtained an invitation to stay under their hospitable roof during his sojourn in Buenaventura. Porfeotly aware that ho owed this courtesy moro to Joan than her husband, it is probablo that his grim enjoy ment waa not diminished bv tho faut : whiln Joan, for reasons of her own, preferred tho con straint which the presence of another visitor put upon Demoreat's uxoriousness. Of late, too, there wore times when Dona Rosita's naive intelligence, which was not unlike tho embarrassing perceptions of a bright and half spoiled child, was in her way, and she would willingly have shared the young lady's com pany with her husband hud Deinorest shown any sympathy for the girl. It was in tho faint hope that Ezekiel might in some way beguile Eosita's wandoring attention that she had in vited him. The only difficulty lay in his un coutliness, and in presenting to the heiress of the Picos a man who had been formirly her own servant. Had she attempted to conceal that fact she was satisfied that EzeMel's inde dependence and natural predilection for em barrassing situations would have inevitably revealed it. She had oven gone so far as to consider tho propriety of investing him with a poor relationship to her family, when Dona Rosita herself happily stopped nil further trouble. On her very first introduction to hiir, thai charming young lady at once accepted him as a lunatic whoso brains were turned by occult, scientific, and medical study. All ! sho, Rosita, had heard of such eases before. Had not a paternal ancestor of hers, one Don Diego Castro, boliovod he had discovered the olixir of youth. Hid ho not to that end refused oven to wash him tho haud, to out him tho nail of tho linger nnd the liitir of the head. Exalted by that discovery, had he not boon unsparingly uncomplimentary to all humanity, especially to tho' weaker sex ? .Even as the Scnor Corwin ! Far from being offended at this ingonious in terpretation of his character, Ezekiel oxhibited a dry gratification' over it, and evon conceived an unwholesome admiration of the fair critic ; he haunted her prcsenco and preoccupied hor society far beyond Joan's most sanguine ex pectations. Ho sat in open-mouthed enjoy ment of hor at tho table, ho waylaid her in the garden, ho attempted to teach her English. Dona Rosita received those extraordinary ad vances in a no less extraordinary manner. In the scant masculine atmosphere of the house und the somewhat rigid Now England reserve that still pervaded it, perhaps she languished a little, and was not averse to a slight flirtation even with a madman. Besides, sho assumed the attitude of exercising a wholosomo restraint over him. ' 'If we are not found dead in our bed one morning, and oxtraotod of our blood for a cordial you shall thank to me for it,' sho said to Joan. ' Also ior the not ompoisonin' of the coffee.' ° So she permitted him to carry a chair or hammock for her into the garden, to fetch tho various articles which she was continually losing, and which ho found with his usual penetration ;_ and to supply hor with informa tion, in which, however, he exercised an un wonted caution. On tho other hand, certain naivo recolleotions and admissions, which in the quality of a volublo child she occasionally imparted- to this 'mudmau' in return, wore in the proportion of throo to ono. It had been a hot day, and even the nsual sunset breeze hud failed that evening to rook the tcps'of the outlying pino troos or cool tho heated tilns of the Pueblo roofs. There was a hush and latent expeotanoy in tho air that re noted upon tho people with feverish unrest and uneasiness, evon -a lull id the, faintly whisper ing garden around tho Domorosts' casa. had affected the spirits of its inmates, causing them to wander about in vague restlessness. Joan had disappeared; Dona Rosita, under an olive tree in one of the dosortod paths, and attended by the faithful Ezekiel, had said it was ' earthquake weather,' and reoalled, with a sign of tho cross, a cortain dreadful day of her childhood, when el temblor had shaken down ono of tho mission towers. ' You shall see it now, as ho havo lnf t it, bo it has romain, always,' ehe added with superstitious gravity. '? That's just the lazy shiftlossnoss of your folks,' responded Ezokiol with prompt ungul lantry. ' It ain't no wonder the Lord Almighty lieu to stir you up now and then to keep you goin'.' Dona Rosita gazed at him with simple childish pity. ' Poor man ; it have affeot you also in tho head, this weatbor. So! It was oven so with tho unole of my father. Hush up yourself and bring to me. tho box of choso lutes of my table! I will gif to you ono. You Khali for ono timo have something pleasant on the end of your tongue, oven if you must swallow after him.' Ezekiol grinned. VYo ain't afraid o' boin' left alono with tho ghoat that haunts the gar den. Miss Rosita ?'? . . ' After you1— no'/er-r-r.' 'I'll find 'Mm. Douiorest and Bend her to. ye,' said Ezekiel, hesitatingly. ? . 'Eh, toattraot hore tho ghost? Thank you, no. very mp-joh.'1 : Ezekiel's face oontraoted until nothing but his bright peering greyeyoR could be soon. ' Attract tho ghost,' ho eohood. ' Then you kulkilate that its ? 'ho stopped; insinua tingly.- ? ' fiosita brought her fan sharply over, his knuckles, aiid immediately opened it again over her half- embarrassed face. 'Ibompro- hend not nny thinglo ' okalkilate.' Will you go, Don Fustastioo;; or is it for me to bring to you?' Ezekiel flow. Ho quiokly found the ohoco latee, and returned, but was disconoorted on arriying- under the olive tree to find Dona RoBita no longer in the hammock. Ho turnod into u by-path,' where un extraordinary cir cmnstanco uttraotod his attention. Tho air was porfeotly still, but the leaves of a manzanita bush uoar the misshapon cnotus woro slightly agitated. Prosontly Ezoiiiel 8aw tho stealthy figure of u man emerge from behind it and approach tho cactus. Reaohing his haul cautiously towards tho plant, the stranger detached something from ono of iU thorns, and instantly disappeared. Tho quiok oyes of Ezekiel bad seen that it was a letter, his un erring perception of faces rccogniBod at tho pamo moment that tho intruder wan noue other thnn the handsome, reckless-looking man ho hud Been tho other day in conference- with Mateo. But Ezekiel was nst tho only witness of this strange intrusion. A fow paoes from him Dona Rosita, unconscious of his return, was gazing in a half- frightened, breathless absorp tion in tho direction of the stranger's flight. t ' Wa'll,' drawled Ezekiel, lazily. Sho started and turnod towards him. Hor faco was pale- nnd alarmed, and yet, to the critical eye of Ezekiel it Beomed to wear an expression of gratified relief. She laughed faintly. . ' - 'Ef that's the kind o' ghost you- hov about yer, it's a healthy one,' ' drawled Ezokiol. Ho turned and fixed his keen eyesou Ro-uta's face. 'I wonder. what kind o' fruit- grows on tho ouctus that he'd so fond off'' ; ., -..-,;? ' . Either she had not soen thn abstraction of .the ' letter, or her' acting was perfect, for she re turned Ida look unwaveringly. 'Tho fruit, eh? Ihave not comprehend.' ? ' Wa'ul, I reckon I will,' said Ezokiol. Ho walked towards the cactus ; thoro was nothing to be seen but its thorny spikos. Ho was con fronted, however, by the sudden apparition of Joan from behind tho manzanita at its sido. Sho looked up and glanced from Ezekiel to Dona llosita with an airituted air. 'Oh, you saw him too?' sho suid oagerly. 'I reckon,' answered Ezekiel, with his eyes still on RoBitu. 'I waa wondering what on airth ho was so taken with that air cuotusfor.' Rosita had becomo slightly pale again in tho presence of her friend. Joan quiotly pushed Ezekiel asido und put hor arm around hor. 'Are you frightened aguinl-' Bhe asked, in a low whisper. _ 'Not mooch.' returned Rosita, without lifting her oyes. 'It was only some peon, trespassing to piok bloBsoms for his sweetheart,' she said signifi cantly, with a glance towards Ezekiol, ' lot us go in.' She passed hor hand through Rosita's passive arm and led her towards tho house, Ezekioi's penetrating eyes still following Rosita with an expression of gratified doubt. For onco, however, that astute observer was wrong. When Mrs. Domorest had reached the house she slipped into her own room, and, bolt ing tho door, drew from hor bosom a lotter which Bhe had picked from tho cactus thorn, and read it with a flushed faco and eager oyes. It may havo been the effect of tho pheno menal weather,' but tho noxt day a malign influence seemed to pervade the Domorest household. Dona Rosita was confined to her room by an attack of languid nerves, super induced, as she was still volublo enough to declare, by the narcotic effect of somo unknown herb which tho lunatic Ezekiol had no doubt mysteriously administered to her with a viow of experimenting on its propcrtfe?. She even avowed that she must speedily return to Loa 0808, boforo Ezokiol should further compromiso her reputation by putting her on a coloured label in placo of tho usual Celestial Distributor of tho Panacea. Ezekiel himself, who hud been singularly abstracted and reticent, nnd had absolutely foregono one or two oppor tunities of disagreeable criticism, had gono to tho pueblo early that morning. Tho house was comparatively silent nnd deserted when De morest walked into his wife's boudoir. It was a pretty room, looking upon the garden, furnished with a singular mingling of her own inherited formal tastes and tho more sensuous colouring and abandon of her no w life. Thero were a great many ri'gd and hangings scattered in disorder around tho room, and apparently purposeless, except for colour; there was a bamboo lounge as largo as a divan, with two or three cushions disposed on it, and a low chair that seemed the incarnation of in dolence. Opposed to this, on tho wall, was tho rigid pbturo of her grandfather, who had apparently retired with his volume further into the canvas before tho spectacle of this ungodly opulenco ; a largo Bible on a funereal trestlo liko htand, and tho primmest and barest of writing-tables, boforo which aho was standing as at a sacrificial altar. With an almost mechanical movement she closed her portfolio as her husband entored, and also shut tho lid of a small box with a slight snap. This sug gested exclusion of him from hor previous occupation, whatever it might have been, caused a faint shadow of paiu to pass across his loving oyes. Ho cast a glonco at his wife as if mutely asking her to sit beside him, but sho drew a chair to the table, and with her elbow resting on tho box, resignedly awaited his speech. 'I don't mean to disturb you, darling,' he said, gently, ' but as we woro alono, I thougrht we might have one of our old-fashioned talks, and. ? ' 'Don't let it be so old-fashionod as to in clude North Liberty again,' she interrupted, wearily. 'We've had quite enough of that sinco I returned ' ' I thought you found fault with mo then for forgetting the past. But let that pass, dtar ; it is not our affairs I wanted to talk to you about now,' ho said, stifling » sigh, ' it's about your friend. Please don't misunderstand what I am going to wiy ; nor that I interpose except from necessity.' Sho turned her dark brown oyos in his direc tion, but her glunce pasted abstractedly over his head into the garden. ' It's a matter perfectly well-known to mo — and, I fear, to all our servants also — that some body is making clandestine visits to our garden. I would not trouble you before, until I ascer tained the object of theso visits. It is quito plain to me now that Dona Rosita is that object, and that communications aro senrotly carried on between her and some unknown stranger. Ho has been here onco or twice before ; ho was hero ugain yesterday. Ezekiel saw him und saw her.' 'Together?' asked Mrs. Domorost, sharply. 'No; butifc was evident that thoiewaasome understanding, uud that some communication passed between them.' ' Well?' said Mrs. Demorest, with repressed impatience 'It is equally evident, Joan, that this stranger is a man who doeB not dare to ap-, pioach your friond in her own houso, nor moro openly m thin ; but who, with her connivance, usPB us to carry on an intrigue which may bo porfeotly iuuoceut, but ia certainly compromis ing to nil concerned. I am quito willing to believe that Dona Rosita is only romantic and reckloMi, but that will not prevent her from becoming a dupe of somo nwcnl who dare not face us openly, and who certainly does not act as hot rqiml.' . ' Well, Rositt is no chicken, and you aro not her guardian.' There was a vague hoartlessnes.?, more in her voico than in hor words, that touohod him as her cold indifference to hiniEolf had never dono, and lor an instant stung his crushed npirit to revolt. 'No.' he s*id, sternly, 'but I am her father's friend, and I shall not allow his daughter to bo compromised under my roof.' Hor oyes sprung up to meet his in hatred as promptly us they onoo had mot in lovo. ' ? And siuco when, Richurd Domorest, have you become no particular ':' sho begun, with dry asperity. 'Siuco you lured me from the side of my wedded husband ? Since you met me clandestinely in trains and made love to ma under an assumed name ? Since you followed mo to my l.ouso undor tho pretext of being my husband's friend, nnd forced me — yes, forced me — to Bee you Beoretly under my mother's roof? Did you think of compromising me then? Did you think of ruining my roputn tion, of driving my husband from bis home in despair ? Did you oall yourself u rascal then ? Did ? ' ' Stop !' he said, in a voice that shook the rafters ; 'I command you, Btop !' She had gradually -worked herself from a deliberately insulting precision into a hysterioal, and it is to bo feared a virtuous, conviction of her wrongs. Beginning only with tho instinct to taunt and wound the man boforo her, hIio had boon led by a Beoret consciousness of something oIbo ho did not know to anticipate his reproaoh and justify horself in a wild feminine abandonment pf e notion. But she (?topped at Ilia words. For a moment nho was oven thrilled again by the strength and im pei-iousnef-s aho !i ad loved. They were facing each other after five years of mistaken passion, oven as they hud faoed' each other that night in hor mother's kitohon.* But tho gravo of that dead pussion yawned be tween them. It was Joan who, broke the silenco, that after hor singlo outburst seomod to fill aid oppress the room. ' As fur as Rosita ia concerned,' she said, with affected calmness, ' bIio is going to-night. And you probably will not be troubled any longer Vy your myBtorious visitor.' Whether ho heeded tho sarcastic significance of her last sentence, or even heard hor at all, he did not reply. For a moment ha turned his blazing eyes full upon hor, and then without a word strodo from the room. She walked to the door and stood uueuaily listening in tho pastnge until eho heard the clatter of hoofs in tho paved patio, and know that ho had ordered his homo. Then she turned baok relieved to her room. It waa already sunset when Demorest drew rein again at tho entrance, of tho corral, and tho last t-troko of tho Angolns was ringing from tho misHon tower. Ho looked haggurd nnd exhnuBted, and hia horse was flocked with foam and dirt. Wherever ho had been, or for what object, or whether objectless and dazed, ho had simply sought to lose himsolf in nimlessly wandering oyer tho dry. yellow hi!U or in \- carviiring furiously among his own wild cuttle 'on the Liid tiittlu plain ; wlietliur liu li.«d bu-ibm all thought from his brain w!tli't.li»jiirrin-rlc-ip of his horso,- or whether ho hurl piiniMeil: hoiiio vaguo and elusive determination to his own door, is not essential to this brief chronicle. Enough that when ho dismounted he drew a pistol from his holster and repluced it in his pocket. ? - ' Ho had just pushed open the gate of tho ooi rul as he led in lii« hbrne by tho bridle, when ho noticed another horse tethered among somo cotton woods that shaded tho outer n all of his garden. At. he gazed, this figure of a man swung lightly from one of the upper boughs of a cotton wood upon the wall, and diparpenrcd on tbo other side. It wuk evidently the clandestine visitor. Dorao retf; was in no mood f jr trifling. Hurriedly driving his horso into tho enclosure with a sharp out of his rialn, he closed tho gate upon him, slipped past the intervening space, into tho patio and then unnoticed into tho upper part of the garden. Taking a narrow by-path in the direction of the cotton woods that could be seen above the wall, ho presently came in sight of the object of his search moving stealthily towards the house. It was tho work of a moment only to daBh forward and seize him, to find himself ongagod in a sharp wreBtlo, to half draw his pistol as ho struggled with his captivo in tho open. But onco in the dearer light he started, his grasp of the stronger relaxed, nnd he fell back in bewildered terror. ' Edward Blandford i Good God !' Tto pistol had dropped from his hand as he leant breathless against a tree. The stranger kicked tho weapon contemptuously aside. Then quiotly adjusting his disordered dross and picking the brambles from his sloeve, ho said with tho same air of disdain, ' Yes ! Edward Mandford, whom you though dead ! There ! I'm not a ghost— though you tried to ninlte mo ono this timo sure,' he said, pointing1 to the pistol. Demorent passed his hand across his white faco. 'Then it'a you— and you havo come here for — for — Joan ?' 'For Joan'r' echoed Blandford, with a quick scornful laugh, that made the blood flow baok into Demorest's faco as from a blow, and recalled his scattered senses. ' For Joan ?' he repeated. 'Not much!' Tho two men wero facing each other in irreconcilable yet confused antagonism. Both wero still excited and combative from their late physical Btruggle, but with feelings so widely diu'eient that it wouldhave been impossible for either to have comprehended tho other. In the figure that had apparently risen from tho dead to confront him, Demorest only saw the man he hud unconsciously wronged— the man who had it in his power to claim Joan and exact a terrible retribution ! But it wub part of this monstrouB and irreconcilable situation that Blandford had ceased to contemplate it, and in his preoccupation only saw the actual inter ference of a man whom ho no longer hut3d, but had begun to pity and despise. He glanced coolly around him. ' Whatever we've got to say to each othw,' ho Raid de liberately, ' had better not bo overheard. At least wha: I have got to say to you.' {To be continued.) 