MODERN PREACHING. The causes of this defectiveness in modern preaching are many and various. Some men are so entirely absorbed in the care of huge parishes, multiplied parochial machinery, and constant little congregational meetings, that they leave themselves no time for deep pulpit preparation, and their sermons are always elementary, thin, and shallow. Others are so conscientiously convinced that music and singing (things hardly mentioned in the Epistles), and the Lord's Supper (only mentioned in one Epistle), are the principal parts of Divine service and religion, that they give very little time to their pulpit work. Others are morbidly afraid of the intellectual part of their hearers, the philosophers, so-called, and men of science. They dread being censured and pulled up if they are positive and dogmatical, and they cannot get rid of the fear of man. Others, and perhaps the greatest number, are eaten up with the michievous idea that a minister's chief object should be to please the people ; that" he should avoid saying things that might give offence, strong language, strong reproof, strong' exhorta- tion, and should try to make everything as smooth and pleasant as possible. The consequences of this defectiveness of modern preaching are, to my mind, very plain and unmistakeable. There is no proportionate result of Christian victories and conversion-work considering the immense amount of restless, busy, bustling church work that is annually done. I suppose there never was an age when there were so many religions religious services and Christian agencies and preaching every week throughout the land. There never were so many special missions both in town and country. But what is the fruit of it all 1 What quantity of conversions is there ? What large additions are being annually made to the number of of our communicants ? What harvest of souls turned from darkness to light is being reaped ? What increase is there of men and women really born again and made new creatures ? Alas ! I fear there is very little to show. And I have » very strong and growing conviction that the,fault is to be found in .our pulpits. The Holy Ghost is grieved, and the Holy Ghost withholds His blessing. The Holy Ghost will bless nothing but the truth and the whole truth.— The Bishop of Liverpool. 