IS SHE ODE SISTEE? The now notorious catechisms of the pro-popish party in the Diocese of New castle, emphasised the Oreed as the bond of unity of the Holy Catholic Church. The same thing is continually asserted by the High Church, and tractarian writers, and preachers. Vet,- strange to say, these are always talking of the same Holy Catholic Church, as if it contained the Papal Boman communion, and the Greek or Eastern Episcopalian bodies, but ex cluded the vast bodies of Protestant Christians, who hold that very creed , which they so highly esteem. We have attended to this already, but let us bring it out more in detail. What is called the Nicene Creed was in substance, nearly as it is now, affirmed by the general council of Niccea, or Nice, in the year A.D. 325, Be-affirmed at the Council of Ephesus 381, and at the Council ot Chalcedon, A.D. 451, and cited at the Eomish Council of Trent, A.D. 1546, as the only one then existing or possible. I believe in God the Father Almighty, Maker of Heaven and Earth, And of all things visible and invisible : And in one Lord Jesus Ohrist, the only be gotten Son of God, begotten of his Father before ell worlds, God of God, Light of Light, Very God of Very God, Begotten, not made, being of one substance with the Father, by whom all things were made : Who for ub men, and for our salvation, came down from Heaven, And was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary :> And- was made man: And was crucified also for ub under Pontius Pilate. He suffered, and was buried. And the third day he arose again according to the Scriptures ; He ascended into Heuven, And eitteth on the right hand of the Father. And he shall come again with glory to judge both the quick and the dead ; Whose king dom shall have no end. And I believe in the Holy Ghost, The Lord and Giver of Life, Who proceeaetb from the Father and the Son, Who with the Father and Son together is worshipped and glorified, Who spake by the Prophets. And I believe one Catholic and Apostolic Church. I acknowledge' 'one Baptism for the remission of Sins ; And I look for the resurrection of the dead, And life of the world to come. Amen. This waB the Creed of the Christian Church, up to December 9th, 1564. This is now the Creed of the Protestant Churches. A new Creed of the Modern Church of Eome wbb published by Pope Pius IV., December 9tb, A.D. 1564, and made binding as articles of faith in addition to the old Nicene Creed. I. I most' steadfastly admit and 'embrace Apostolical and Ecclesiastical Traditions and all other observances and constitutions of the same Ohurch. II. I also admit the Holy Soripture, accord ing to that sense which our Holy Mother, the Ohurch, has held, and doeB hold ; to which it belongs; to judge of the true sense and inter pretation of the Scriptures ; neither will I ever take and interpret them otherwise than according to the unanimous consent of the Fathers. III. I also profesB, that there are truly and properly seven 8acramentB of the new law, instituted by Jesus Ohrist, our Lord, and necessary for the salvation of mankind, though not all for every one ; to wit, Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Penance, Extreme P— MWnillUmiH II Unction, Orders, Matrimony : and that they confer grace ; and that of these, Baptism, Confirmation, and Orders cannot be reiterated without sacrilege ; and I also receive and admit the received and approved ceremonies of the Oatholio Ohurch, used in the solemn administration of all the aforesaid Sacraments. IV. I .embrace - and receive all and every one of the things which have been defined and declared in the Holy Oounoil of Trent, con cerning original sin and justification. V. I profess, likewise, that in the mass there is offered to God a true, proper, and propitiatory sacrifice for the living and the dead ; and that in the most holy Sacrament of the Eucharist there are truly, really; and substantially the body and blood;- together with the soul and divinity of our Lord Jesus Ohrist ; and that there is mRde a conversion of the whole substance of the bread into -the body, and of the whole substance of the wine into the blood ; which conversion the Oatholio Ohurch calls transnbstantiation. I also con fess, that under 'either kind alone, ChriBt is received whole and entire, and a true Sacrament. VI. I constantly hold that there is a Pur gatory, and that the souls therein detained are helped by the suffrages of the faithful. VII. Likewise, that the saints, reigning together with Ohrist, are to be honoured and invooated ; and that they offer prayers to God for us, and that their relics are to be held in veneration. VIII. I most firmly assert that the imageB of Christ, or the Mother of God, ever virgin, and also of other saints, may be had and retained, and that due honour, and veneration are to be given them. IX. I also affirm that the power of indul gences waB left by Ohrist in the Ohurch, and that the use of them is moBt wholesome to Ohristian people. X. I acknowledge the Holy, Oatholic, Apos tolic, Roman Ohurch, for the Mother and MistreBS of all Churches ; and I promise true obedience to the Bishop of Rome, Successor to St. Peter, Prince of the ApoBtles, and Vicar of Jesus Ohrist. XI. I likewise undoubtedly receive and profess all other things delivered,- defined, and declared by the Sacred Canons and general Councils, and particularly by the Holy Council of Trent ; and I condemn, reject, and anathematize all things contrary thereto, and all heresies which the Church has condemded, rejected, anathematized. XII. I, N, N,, do- at this present freely profess and sincerely hold this true Catholic faith, without which no one can be saved ; and I promise most constantly to retain and confess the same entire and inviolate, with God's assistance, to the end of my life. The Creed was not known in the Chris tian Church till December 9th, 1564, and yet it is now the Creed of the Church of Rome. Since that time two more new articles have been added to the Creed at Rome, and made binding' on all Roman- ists as necessary to salvation : namely the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary, and the Infallibility of the Pope. Surely the Creed of the Church of Rome is the New Creed, and that the Creed received by Protestants, and com posed by the old Council, is the Old Creed ? How iB the true and ancient Church known? By holding the true and ancient faith. How is the new Church known ? By holding the new faith. Then it follows, that whatever Church holds the true and ancient faith, which can be proved to be so by Councils, and can stand the test of the Scriptures, that is the true and ancient Church. And whatever Church holds the new faith; that can neither stand the test of proof by Councils, nor by the Scriptures, that is the new Church. What then is the true and ancient faith ? Let us now ask, was this whole Creed composed or known at the first General Council? No: the Protestant Creed, that is the first part, was composed' at the Council'of Nice, and thence called the Nicence Creed, A.D. 325. . The latter part of the Trentine Creed was never heard of in the Ohurch at that time. Then was it composed at the second General Council, the Council of' Con stantinople ? No : this Council, held a.d. 381, recites again the Nicene Creed and never heard of this new Creed. -Let us go the third General Gouiipil the Council- of Ephesus, held' A. D. '431 and let us ask which of these Creeds was held by that Council? Hear the very words of the Council itself. The Nicene Creed, that is the part before the new Articles, is read aloud ; circumstances are related of some who attempted to alter it ; then the Council decrees as fol lows : — Deobee of the Council of Ephesub. " These things having been read, the Holy Synod decreed, that it should he lawful for no one to profess, to write, or to compose, any other form of faith than that defined by the Holy Fathers, who, with the Holy Ghost, had been assembled at Nice. " But those who shall have dared to com pose, or to profess, or to offer, any other form of Faith to those wishing to be converted to the acknowledgement of the truth, whether .from Paganism, or from Judaism, or from any sort of Heresy, that these, if they were . Bishops or Clergymen, that the Bishops , should be deposed from their Episcopacy, and the Clergy from their Clerical office ; but that If they were Laymen, tbey should be subjected \- to an 1 anathema.' " — Mansi , vol. iii., p. 1362. We see this Creed, then, established up to the year 431. Now, we shall see the Decree of the next General Council, that of Chalcedon, in the year 451, and see which of these Creeds was set forth there. Extract from the Council of Chal cedon " The Catholic Faith delivered by the Holy 318 fathers, (viz., at Nice,) and by the Holy 150 fathers, (viz., at Constantinople,) also by the other most Holy and glorious fathers, (viz., at EpbesuB,) we guard, and according to that we believe. The most Rev. Bishops exclaimed, No person makes any other ex position of faith. We neither attempt nor dare to do so. For the Fathers have taught, and in writings are preserved, those things ( which have been set forth by them ; and other than these we cannot speak." "Those principles which have been set forth are sufficient: it is not lawful to make any other exposition." We learn then from the Council of Chalcedon that this was the faith of the Church for four hundred and fifty-one years after our Lord. Now, we have another infallible witness to prove that it had never been changed up to the year 1546. This witness the Church of Home must admit, for it is no less than her own Council of Trent. This Council, in the Session held February 4th, 1546, declares as follows . — Extract from the Third Session of the Council of Trent, February 4, 1546 : — " In the name of the Holy and undivided Trinity of the Father, and the Son, and the Holv Ghost. «h is Holy oecumenical, and general synod of Trent, lawfully assembled in the Holy Ghost, the same three Legates of the Apostolical See presiding in it, considering the magnitude of the subjects to be treated, especially of those contained under these two beads, the extirpation of Heresies and the reformation of morals ; on account of whioh chiefly it haB been assembled ; but acknow ledging with the Apostle that it has not to wrestle with flesh and blood, but with Spiritual wickedness in Heavenly places. With the same Apostle it exhortB all and everyone, in the first place, that they should be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might ; in all things taking the Bhield of faith, by which they can quench all the fiery darts of' the most wicked ; and that they should take the helmet of the hope of salvation, with tbe Bword of the spirit, wbioh is the word of God. > "Therefore, that this its piops solicitude may -have its beginning and continuance by the .Grace of God, it determines and decrees that before all things the Confession of Faith .is to be, promised, following in this the ex- ample of the Fathers, who, in their Sacred Councils, were acoustomed to oppose this shield against all Heresies, in the beginning of) their actions, by which alone they both sometimes drew Infidels to the faith, .vanquished Heretics, and confirmed the Faithful. "Wherefore it (the Council) commands that this Creed, which the Holy Roman Church uses as that summary in which all who profess the Faith of Christ necessarily agree , and that firm and only foundation against which the gates of Sell shall never prevail, shall be read in those .words in which it is read in all the Churches, which is as fellows — Then it recites the Nicene Creed, and not one of the Ne w Articles. ;. Now, mark these witnesses for the. truth of , the t Creed of the Christian Church. We have the first Council of Nice <A.n.: 325. i. Then this confirmed by the Council of j. Constantinople, a. d. 431. i . Then, again, both by the Council/of LEphesus, a. d. 431. ri .Then, again, these three by the Council of Chalcedon,. a. d. 451. ; y We have the Council of EpheBUs de nouncing those with an anathema who shall dare to alter it, to add to, or - take ifrom it. . Then we have the Council of Trent approving them all, asserting not only that this was the true faith of the whole Christian Church, but that it was " the true and only foundation of faith against whioh the gates of Sell shall never prevail," and this in the year of our Lord 1546. v N ow which of these Creeds do these five. Councils prove to be the true Creed of the ancient Holy Catholic Church up to ' the year 1546 ? What Church holds it, and throws open the Bible to prove its truth to the people ? The first Creed only, the apostolical Nicene Creed, is proved that of the Holy Catholic Church. This is the creed of the Frotestant churches, they throw open the Bible to prove its truth to the people. Whence came this new Creed then, with these novel Articles ? What could set them up? What Council published them ? What ancient Church professed them ? In what records of the Catholic Church are they to be found ? Where did_ they originate ? What Church maintains them now, and does she throw open the Bible to prove them to the people. No Council ever set them up. No Council ever published them. They were never seen in any book of the ancient Catholic Church. The Council of Ephesus pronounced a curse on any who should ever publish any such. The Council of Trent disowns them, and declares the Old Creed to be the " firm and only founda tion of faith, against which the gates of Hell shall never prevail and this in a.b. 1546, the very year that Luther died. This was the faith of the Christian Church before Luther, and it is the faith of every true Christian this day. Twelve of these novel Articles of this novel Creed were first published in the year 1564, by the Pope at Borne, who presumes to call himself the Yicar of Jesus Christ on earth, and the last of two more about 1870. This is the Creed of the Church of Rome, she has departed from the Ancient Faith, and has adopted this novel Creed, which is disproved by the Word of God, and totally unknown as a Creed of any Christian Church for fifteen centuries. Now if the Creed is the " symbol " — how can the PuBeyites acknowledge the body which holds this new pretence to be fellow churchmen, and yet repudiate Pro testant sects, or sections, who keep the old N icene faith inviolate. 