, AMUSEMENTS: j OPERA nODSlî-MR. MILN- AS HAMLET. t ? li limy console thoko who aro supposed to possess n hign ndmirntiou of true histrionic art, and ii love for tho inlelli ! trent and thoughtful exposition of Shakespeare's works, ¡ that if Air. iMiln's revival of " Hamlet" nu Saturday even- ing, at tho Upera House, was not patronised. us it dosorved I to be by a crowded house, those who did attend thoroughly appreciated and enjoyed tho performance. With two son sutionnl and spectacular" plays in ,1110 floodlido of success olsewhere it is perhaps hardly to bo expeoted tbut tho public would bestow much atteution upon inc production nf '. Hamlet " in such an out-of-the-way and unsuitable building, but it is a reflection upon that section of theatre- goers who affect to discriminate between tho legitimate and commonplace in dramatic representations . that Air. Allin's able impersonation, should have recoivod so poor a recognition on Saturday night as far as attendtiuco was concerned. Sliakesperian revivals may, to adopt tho wurds of Shakespeare, bo "enviaro to tho general ;" but those who pretend to understand tho classics of tho stngo should give moro substantial ,proot of their in- telligence. Mr. Allin's "interpretation of tho Priuco of Denmark was fully noticed when ho lirst appeared in tho character ut Her Majesty's Theatre, and it may bo said that although labouring under the disadvantage of playing upon I a small stago, where elaborate scenic effect is out of tho question, ho throw himself entirely into tho part itnd heldv tho closo and interested attention of tho audience. His soliloquy in tho first act in rogard to tho Queen's marriage WHS most effectively delivered, and his neting in the ghost scene was good. Hamlet's advice to . the players' I was also flue, as an effort of elocution, and tho famous soliloquy in tho third oot showed how fully Mr. Milu has. mustered not only tho matter, but tho moaning of tho text. Tho iùtorviow botweon tho Prince and his mother, Queen Gertrude, was I ono of tho most tolling scenes of the tragedy; and hero Air. Miln oxhibited an uuunduúce of dramatic fervour. Tho entire impersonation was indeed marked < bv consistent excellence, and the cordial applsuso of tho audience proved how much pleasure Uley derived from .it Though Air. Miln suH'ered considerably from tho absence of proper stogo accessories it munt be admitted that, on tho whole, ho roccived able support from tho.smull com- pany which he has gatkored round him. As Opholia Miss Maggie Knight hud to sustain a character which is foreign to the general routine of hor professional business, but sho acted willi an amount of iutelligonce and quiet pathos that showed a close sludy of tho part. In tho mad sceno Miss Knight's acting rose to tho occasion, and her sympathetic voice proved of material assistance and forcibly appealed to tho leoliugs of the audience. Miss Kuto Douglas as the Queen was successful, ' and she deserves overy commendation for her emotional acting in the sceno between the Queon and Hunier, where the Prince bitterly reproaches his mother for her inconstancy fo the inouiory of her dead husband. Aliss' Louiso Jerrott would have been hotter as tho Hayer Queen had her declamation boen more, natural. Air. J. P. .Wost as Claudius, King of Denmark, played with care, and Air. Koltert Greville proved sullicieutly im- pressive us tho Ghost, and subsequently appeared to odViin tago as the First Gravedigger. Mr. A. li. Greenaway, a promising young actor, also took doublo business as Laertes and' First Player, and in ouch role lie acted with credit. Air. Greenaway appears to bo rapidly improving in his profession, and during Air. Miln's vocent tour hu has rendered that gentleman oMcient service. Air. J. 1). Atholwood also played well as Horatio, but the Polonius of Mr. J. Welsh was wanting in dopth. 