DEMUOYST]eTTIOYN, ETC., AT WESTB UfRY. As was to be expected in Westbury, where alarge portion of the residents are wearers of the green, the anniversary of Ireland's patron saint was celebrated right heartily on Saturday. From an early hour in the morning people began to arrive at the township from the surrounding districts including Clumn, Frankfori, Bracknell, Hagley, Exton, Early Rises. RIosevale, etc. The ?Roman Catholic porcion of the community, bedecked with a piece of green, proceeded to the Church of the Holy Trinity to be in time for a missa cantata at 9 a.m. Punctuislly at that hour, the Rev. T. H. O'Callaghan commenced the celebration of mass. The juvenile choir of the Roman Catholic school--which has become so popular in the district-to the number of 28, under the conductorship of the Sisters of St. Joseph, sang the various parts of the mass, their renditiJn of the Kyrie Eleison and Gloria in Excelsis surprising those who did not expect such efficiency from so juvenile a choir. After the first Gospel, Father O'Callaghan, having laid aside a portion of his vestments, ascended the pulpit and preached a panegyrie on the saint of the day. He described the providence of God as manifested in the lifo of St. Patrick, and stated that the fidelity of the Irish people to the faith of that saint was due in no small measure to the extraordinary spirit of humility and penance as manifested in his life. He then gave an account of St. Patrick's life and works and concluded by a description of four of the leading charalc teristics of the Saint's life, which were his fidelity to the Pope, his devotion to the Virgin Mary, his reverence for the souls in purgatory, and his command to the people to be obedient to their priests and bishops. The sermon, which was exceedingly in teresting, occupied 35 miunttes. At the conclusion of mass the children, to the number of 141, filed out of the church and assembled in the schoolroom adjacent. Here they were formed into procession and were reinforced by the local Roman Catholic confraternities. The procession was then started, 11 handsome banners being borne. First caml.,t o . hillrea of the echoolI, fol lowed by the parish societies, the cougre gation bringing up the rear. They wended their way round the grounds of the church, the children singing meanwhile several Ihymns in excellent time. The procession had Ia most picturesque effect, the girls wearing white dresses with green sashes and rosettes, while the adults wore green sashes. After re-entering the church the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given. Tie majority of those taking part in the services afterwards proceeded to the Westbury Inn, where the members of the Loyal Westlury Lodge of Oddfcllows had assembled for the purpose of taking part in a demonstration. Shortly after 11 o'clock the procession, headed by the Perth Band, and composed of about 50 Oddfellows, including Messrs. F. Lakin, T. Morton, and O. T. Curran, from Laun coston, started and marched through the principal streets of the township to the Show Ground, where a dinner and sports meeting were to be held. The regalia of the members and the beautiful banner and banunerettes lent additional attrac tion to the procession. The banner, which was unfurled for the first time in public, and was procured from England at con. siderable expense, is undoubtedly one of the most handsome in Tasmania. The Oddfellows, previous to their leav ing the Westbury Inn, were photographed by Mr. W. Pousty, who has opened a studio on the township. Shortly after noon the banquet was commenced in the large pavilion on the Show Ground, the generally unattractive building having been decorated with ferns and flags, which had a pleasing effect. The tables groaned with good things, provided by Mrs. Smith, of the Berricdale Hotel, whose reputation as a caterer is well known. The chair was occupied by Mr. F. Lakin, who had on his right the Rov. T. B. Sharland and Mr. T. Morton, and on his left the Rev. T. AM. O'Callaghan and Mr. O. T. Curran, the vice- chair being occupied by Mr. H. Drew, Noble Grand of the Westbury Lodge. After dinner the usual toasts of " Tho Queen" and "The Governor" were proposed and heartily re sponded to. Mr. H. Drew then proposed "The Grand Master and the Board of Directors." The chairman responded, re marking that the Grand Master was to Oddfellows what the Queen was to the Empire, and the Board of Directors were his advisers. There were now somne 600,000 or 700,000 members in the Manchester Unity. sMr. T. Morton pro posed " Kindred Institutions," Mr. Edgar, secretary of the Westbury Working lMen's Club, reslonding. MIr. Curran next pro pvsed "The Loyal WVestbury Lodge," and congratulated the members upon the success which the lodge had attained. For eleven years they had paid .£1 per year for sick pay and the funds had greatly in creased, and the lodge stood second in the district with regard to the amount of funds per member. Mr. F. J. Betts, secretary of the Westbury Lodge, replied, and read a statement showing that the number of members on the books was 59, and the funds stood at £308 14s, the increase for the year having been £55 14s 3d. During the year £190 s 4d had been paid for sick allowarcce. Mr. Drew also responded. Mr. A. Scott proposed the toast of " The Visitors," the Rlevs. F. B. Sharhlud and T. M. O'Callaghan and Mr. V. Newton resly ing. The chairman proposed the "Host end hostess," and paid a high compliment to the latter for her excellent catering. " The Press," responded to by the repre sentative of the Launcestons Examiner, con eluded the toast list. An adjournment was made to the show ground, where a programme of sports was carried out. The attendanceof the public was fairly large, the takings at the gate being over £10. The running track was, on account of the dry weather which has prevailed, in a very bad state and quite unfit for bicycle riding. The arrange nents were by no means first-class, but an allowance must be made for the fact that t was an initial meeting. The sport was I exceedingly slow and monotonous, this being due to the large amount of time wasted during the afternoon, the specta tors becoming wearied by the long inter vals between the different events. The programme was not got through until about seven o'clock, although the meeting might have been brought to a conclusion I at least two hours earlier. The fields for the majority of the events were exceed ingly large, there being no less than 15 starters in the Maiden Race, and the 1 racing on the whole was fairly good. The bicycle race only brought out two starters, others refusing to compete be cause of the state of the ground. One of the most interesting events of the after noon was the horse j umping, for which the judges were Messre.T. Keatisg.D. Mackay, and S. Scott, but some complaints were heard regarding their decision. During the progress of the jumping an unfortunate ac cident occurred, an old man,Mr. D.Brennan, being knocked down by one of the horses. He was unconscious for a time, but beyond a severe shaking he was not much hurt. At these gatherings the spectators gene rally rush across the horse's track, and it is not surprising that an accident occasionally occurs. Mr. F. J. Betts worked hard as secretary, but he certainly had too much to do. The judges in the foot races in one or two instances mnade mistakes, but this wasowing to the fact that they listened too omuch to the noisy pleadings of the excited contestants. We wouldrecommend for future guidance that they give their decisions promptly and without listening to either competitors or the public. The judges on Saturday were considorably hampered by the public rushing to the tlape at the conclusion of each race. The Perth Bannd was on the ground dlring the sfternoon and played a number of selec tions. Thie following are thie results of the various events : 100 Yards Flat Race-Open to all who have not won ipublic money. First prize, £2; second, .£1.--. Rtichie and A. J. i'Lean, dead heat. Fifteen faced the starter, and after considerable delay got auway fairly well, the race resulting in a dead heat. On running off, M'Lean won without difficulty. The track was too narrow for such a large field, and the race should have been in heats. Handicap Flat Race-150O yards. Open to all. First prize, £6; second, £2; third, £1. First heat--L. Crocker, 12 yards, 1; J. Graingcr, 3 yards, 2; T. Parker, scratch, 3\. Four others started. This was a gift to Crocker, who won with the greatest ease. Second heat-T. Mahor, 12 yards, 1; G. Ward, 13 yards, 21 A.J. :M'Lean, 6 yards, 3\. Tiss was an excellent race, the three first men being very close together, and the rcmaininu four contestants in a bunch. Final heat--l. Crocker, 1; P. Maher, 2; G. Ward, 3. Won easily. Thlree-legged Race, 150 yards--First Iprize, 10s; second, 5s - Salibbury and 'Parker 1. 'three other couples started. Ihicycle Handicalp, three miles.-First prize 5£3 or trophy of Lhat amount; second £1.-- . Phillips, 380 yards, 1; J. Belbin. 300 yairds, 2. 1t. Phillips was never headed, and won easily in very slow time. Handicap Hurdls Race-200 yards, over six hurdles. First prize £5, second £3, third £1.--P. Donovan, 14 yards, 1; J.1. Colueman, yards, 2; T. Parker, scratch, 3. 'lThis was a good race, the winner jump ing well. Thie other starters were--I. \Williamson, 12 yards, B. Smith 8 yards; Dirker 7 yards, A. Spotswood and J. Grainger 5 yards, and J. Lacey 4 yards. Horse Jumping - For best hunter. carrying list; over hurdles 3ft. 91n. high, at a fair hunting pace. First prize £5, second £2. Mr. R. Field's Little Jack 1, Mr R. Edwards's Archdeaion, 2. Other starters- Merriman, Tim WhiffIler, Merry maid, Laura, Darkey, After Dark, and Yeatley. 5,In the evening a concert in aid of the sports fund was held in the hall of the Public Library, there being a good at tendance. The first part of the programme comprised songs and instrumental mu ic, the performers being Meodames O'Menra and d. Scott, Misses Drew and Phillips (2), and Messrs. Harrington, LI.Drew, and S. Phillips. The second part was taken by the Westbury Minstrols, and concluded with the farce " My Grandfather's Ghost." 'the entertainment was on the whole a success, the audience showing in at marked manner their appreciation of the various items rendered. 