THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. A PRIVATE soldier named Pat. Hoologan was taken before a magistrate for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is thus given by an Irish journal :— A sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and while there the parson read the prayers and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor prayer-book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him and said : " Pat, put up the cards ; this is no place for them." " Never mind that," said Pat. When the service was over a constable took Pat. prisoner, and brought him before a magistrate. " Well, said the magistrate, " what have you brought the soldier here for ?" " For playing cards in church." " Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself." " Much sir, I hope." " Very Good ; if not I will punish you severely." " I have been," said the soldier, " six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer-book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions." Then, spreading the cards before the magistrate, he began with the ace. " When I see the ace, it reminds me that there is but one God. " When I see the deuce, it reminds me of Father and Son. " When I see the tray, it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. " When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached—Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. " When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten ; but five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. " When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. " When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he had made and hallowed it. " When 1 see the eight, it reminds me of the eight religious persons who were saved when God destroyed the world—namely, Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. " When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our 8aviour. When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. When I see the king, it reminds me of the great King of Heaven. " When I. see the Queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for w ater for them to wash, The girls washed to the elbows, and the boys '. to the wrists ; so King Solomon told by that.' " Well," said the magistrate, you have described every card in the pack except one." " What is that t" said Pat. " The knave," said the magistrate. " I will give your honor a description of that, too, if you will not be angry." '• I will not," said the magistrate, " if you do not term me to be the knave." " The greatest knave I know is the constable who brought me here." " I do not know," said the magistrate, " if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool." " When," said Pat., " I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I couut the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty-two, the number of weeks in a year. I find there aret welvepicture-carcls in apack, representing the number of months in a year ; and on counting the tricks I find thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pack of cards serves for a Bible, an almanac, and a common prayer-book." Prisoner was discharged, with a recommendation for promotion. The court then rose, with his worship's mouth fairly extended with a dignified smile. 