TIIE BLACK JIOIISE INN. BY L. A. SAVORY, ?i I was just sixteen when I went to livo with Mrs. Stedman, my father's distant cousin, who kept tho Black Horse Inn ontheSondis field turnpike. I was tho eldest of six children, and with so many littlo mouths to fill it is no, wonder flint, when Mr. Stedman wrote that she wanted a well brought up girl as an assist ant, not ns a servant, my parents gladly con sented to let nio ;to, particularly as she was a renowned housekeeper, and had the reputa tion o£ making the best pickles, preservers and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country rouud about. My duties wero to assist in the sowing, keeping tbo accounts of tlie inn, and any other light labor which' was required. : ' My father accompanied me to B ? and saw mo settled in the mall coach, which passed through Sondisfield twice a week. It was before' the days cf railroads, and it was quite dark when we drew up to tbo 'Black Horse,' where the passengers were to spend tho night. The houBe was large, and situated on the high road where the Sondisfield turnpike crossed tlie road from Newtown to War ciicstcr. 1 1 had every convenience of yard and stable, a good garden, a fine orchard, and a largo farm attached. It 6tood on high ground, nod commanded a viow for many a mile over tho country. Tlie B — mail-coach stopped oyer night there twieo' (i week, beside, 'tho daily coach from Newt-own ' to Warchester changed hpiscs tbertl, and .all the farmers 011 their ' way to market, peddlers nndjravellets; cither on horseback or in carriages^ always stopped nt tlie ' Black Horse,' for rest nnd refresh ment. ] Mrs. Stedman was a tall, angular woman of about slxty ; hor hair, which was white as snow, Blip woro putted high on hor head, un covered by [the cap which in . thoso days was j universal. .'She bad bright black eyes and a high, color.} I havo heard she was a con firmed opmm eater. I think sho had the most sevcrd Countenance I ever Baw, a_nd one was caroful of ono's conduct beforo her. Thoro wasl no gossip between tlio men and' -tho maids at tho 'Black Horse,' and woo betido tho luckless kitchen girl or stablo boy vtho dared to laugh iu her presence, j. - i: ?? v ? ? . . i1: ?' I had heard her story bofore I came thore. She wa9 early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she Idolised ; but the son and heir ot a rich man from a distant city, who came to fish in the waters of tho milUlam, had induced her to elope with him it was not supposed thas he had married her. Her mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave tho man or her daughter; it was said aho had returned their letters unopened. . At all events, no one ever spoke ot Clara Sted man, and it had been more than fifteen years sinco the day when she fled with her young lover. Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me ; but if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the* old house, after the cheer less November days came on : but I' applied myself to learning how to make the various I viands for which the house was famous, and I at other times I hemmed towels and table i linen; beside there was at ways the books | to keep, which had to be attended to every night. Mrs. Stedman's room was a large ono np-v, stairs, in an L of the house ; there waB a flight of staira leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining room. This closet was a sort- of butler's pantry ; in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutlery and table linen, and on the top shelves many of the prescrvers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, where the wines and other commodities were. X often sat at the old secretary in Ifrfl. Stcdman's chamber casting up accounta or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers and showed me their contents ; rare spices and drugs and essences ; costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroving moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This'was a white powder, securely sealed in a glass bottle. . I suppose now it was arsenic, ..but I did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because I exerted myself to learn* housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity. It was abont the middle of November, The country fairs and festivals were oyer for the season,' and travellers who had so often stopped at the 'Black Horse'- during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and .an occasional horseman alone relieved tlie monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, ber corn harvested and husked, - her cattle and swine killed and salted. Wo had fairly settled down for the Winters' nn?r-f\ whon rmi- nlnnriv. nr.lrl rlnv w-iir»h seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mrs, Stedman wa§ in her own* room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoofs made me I look out upon tho road, and there I saw a| gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, I riding straight up to the stable door. As he | dismounted, I saw he was rnthcr a handsome | man, of about thirty-eight or forty. He had j a good-natured look, like one who. takes the i world easy, and at the same timo there was a good deal of determination about his well shaped mouth. . He walked in as if the place were familiar to him, and asked if Mrs. Stedman were at liome and if he could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came down s taii-s and received the gentleman with more ceremony and respcct than I had ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to her, I thought he glauccd sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied for he entered the parlor, which she opened for him, an 5 in a careless way. flung himself down in an easy chair before the fire, to await dinner. Mrs. Stc;lman seemed greatly excited. Sho told me to lay the table witlu the best linen, silver and china, and went her self into. the kitchen to superintend Patty while she cooked the meal, a thing sho seldom did-ior anybody. She sent me into the cellar fftr a bottle of the be^t wine it contained, and told me to pour it into the nicest cut-glnss decanter. I had an idea that she had discovered the gentleman to be sonic great personage — the governor, perhaps, travelling in disguise, and for that reason, treated him with such respect. When the table was all laid, and the dinner ready to be set upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into the cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept thero. I did as I was told, and she went up to her room. . As I have said before, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs leading to her room were. . It waB not directly under them, and I suppose I was not gone so long as, she expected, for, as I camo up with thepieklejar I saw her swiftly descend the stairs with the sealed bottle con i taining the white powder in her hands ; and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass, and pouring some wine out of tho decanter she filled the glass and called out to me— still in the cellar as she supposed, to open the pnrlordoor, and say to the gentle man that dinner was served. Then she quickly went up to her room again. I was so horrified at what I had seen that, for a moment, I could notjmove ; then — and I shall never know what impelled me, some thing I could not help— I rushed to tho table, seized the wine glass, and pitched it and its contents out of the window. As I did so I heard a slight no'^e near tho parlor door, and there stood the gentleman observing me. ' And so that's her game, is it ?' ho said, half to himself. He Btood silently for a moment, then he turned to me and said : y 0 1 saw the whole of it, my girl ; ,go and ask Mrs. Stedman to come herej' / I did as she bade mc, and presently she came. Her face was deadly pale, and her black eyes had an unearthly brightness. The pcuticman drew a step or two nearer, and said : « Vou recognise me, I see, Mrs.' Stedman.' 3)on't I?' she answered, in a low voice, - The gentleman laughed. II If I had parlakenof your hospitality, my wife might have been a widow at the hands of her own mother.' At these words I saw Mrs, Stedman change color. ' u Wife ?'? she faltered, 'Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of raj* children — your , daughter Clara. Of course I married her.; 1 had no intention of doing otherwise, it was aonc privately, to keep ^ from my father. If xpu had not Been too cursedly proud to opeu her letters, you would have know it long ago. By George I you're not going, to faint 1' for Mrs. 'Stedman sank down on tho floor without a word. . r I. screamed, and the cook and the'kitchen maid came running in, and between us we raised her and placed her on tho sofa ; but presently sho started up and went to her own room, and we heard her lock tho door. M Missus ;haa seen a ghost,' tho kitchen maid said. The cook hinted darkly at 'spasms,' but Mfc Livingftorje aud I looked at each other without a word. 'Well, I suppose I can have my dinner now,' he said, at last. And I, must say ho ale it with a better ap petite thau I should have supposed possible under the circumstances, v Ho even drank some of tlife wine, and praised its line flavor. Toward sunset ho rode away, Icav'ng a note for Mts. Stedman. We all went a'm»ut our business, for work never slackcd in that house, and tho evening coach was cxpectod. Ttcame with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passen gers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from bcr until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the'maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted mc. I went up to her room, and such n change I had not expected to see. Her face was as white as her hair, and her hand shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. 'Alice,' she said, 'you arc a good girl; take this; and to-night when tho B — — coach 'starts, go homo to your parents. I will take care that no blame is attached to you.' 'I don't want money, Mrs. Sledman, but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother,' I said, ? She held out tho purse and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed ray trunk ; and when the coach was ready, got in and started for homo. . My parents were very mucn surprised when it set me down at the door, and they were still more astonished when 1 told my story, Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the 'Black Horse Inn' ten . years longer, when one morning she was fonnd dead in her 4ttd. s She never visited her daughter, but I have heard that Clara and her children passed a few weeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston she neversaw again. When her will was read it was found that she bad divided her property in equal shares between ber eldest grandson StcdmanLivi.ngston, and myself 