THE SEARCH FOR MULLIGAN'S FORTUNE- By W. T. Parses. Well, ye see, yer booour, Paddy Mulligan lived always to himself— that is, not alio getber, as ye might say, to himself thoroughly all out, for he wouldn't refuse a pint, or a quart for the matlher of that. From a frind now an' thin, but be didn't 'want' to encourage much of a resort to hie lodgin's. It wasn't because they wor in a hack Etbreet, fer bo wasn't proud. The dickens a bit of ooneate was in poor Paddy, but he bad tbe name of a bape of money, an' nobody ever beerd the jingle of it but bim t32UL:.;,- S-j it was a sort of cnrlosity to find out how be was livin', but, 'oute enough, he kep' all fo himself, like a hermit of tbe mountains, whin he wbb in hie tcp back room. New and thin ye'd fivd bim witb an odd ahilitn', but, like a motherlees calf, it was always alone. Paddy seemed to bav no relations, or, if lie had, he didn't encourage their acquaintances. But there's one thing certain — Paddy wbb full np of money, wherever on carlb be managed to scrape it up. Some say that be dhramin' one night he fohnd ont where tbere was a orook of goold bid in tbe Dublin mountains — tbat be dug it np in the dark and carried it home in a basket covered witb water-cresses. J Yer basket"e very heavy,' siz a polls to bim one morniu,' 4 What have ye got in it V 4Nothln',' siz Paddy. 4 Just let me look at nothin',' a!z the polia. 4 Ah, 118 only sods tor a lark I have in be basket tbiB morninV Well, just for a lark, I'll have a look at tbim,' eiz the constable. An' wbln he seen the goold, ' Sit down on tbe ditch here,' siz be. 'I'm not goin' to atop In the force — I don't like it, and I bate to be an informer, so well divide tbe money an Bay nothin'.' Paddy eruldn't help it, so they squared it on the ditch. But that's only a bit of tbe gossip that got out about him— just beoause his neighbours Were jealous. Two or tbree times.be was on tbe pop of bein' married, but aomebow be found ont it was tbe money tbe girls wor dhrlviu' at, an he dfirew out of tbe job en a sudden. He checkmated thim,' as Lannigan tbe wax use to aay. ' Well, tho' be grew to be a puriy stale owld faaohelor, all bir money, wherever he kept it, wouldn't howld the breath in bis body An' one mcrnin' after wonderin' what wbb beoome of bim thro' not bavin' turned np since the day befcr began, a polls bruok open the dure, and found poor Paddy Mulligan SQAttbered over the bed, a dead oorpee. Mrs. Hfijly, the landlady, eaid, 4 His aowl must have tpek .itflighjt in the night.' Tbey bad a powerful sarch all over tbe Ooin for Ibe many up in the top back icom, An'aftber a terrible sight of tbroubls, nil In tbe world tbat tbey oould oome acroae was four and nlnspenoe half-penny ib the lift-band oalioo pocket of bis tbrowecrs.- The oorcrer brought his inkwest round an tat on Paddy; bntpBha! Tbey might as well be Ibryin' (o sorspe tbe silver off the Strap Of bash, Or any paper ton»Bttun any deposit, was found either Inside tbe room or outride tbe room. .This was the quarest thing at all. What In uic world bad beoome of ble fortune! Was it tuck dj the fairiea ! Or where was It eoiltered to at all, at all ! ... He hadn't been robbed, for hie windy and dure' wor bowlted all right whiu he was found lyin' dead that mornln. Some said may be the polie grushed it into his mittens, or it might have been eperrited away be the owld boy ; for poor ... Paddy wasn't all out a oomplate patthern in -regard of bis religious dniiea. Be that as it may, we're not goin' to judge . tbecratber. now he's , gonq .but what bad beoome of his property waB one of .the dead B3joreta of ths etbreet where Paddy lodged. Some eaid the landlady had put her tnawleya on it, bat sure I knew her well meeelf, lor I wbb ocortin her, till I threw her op, be larnin' that she oooldn't have etole « fiqok of it ; an' she died in the poor-bouae ftber. > ; ;Well, poor Paddy was only just put into ' Hhe' ground for about a fortnight, whin a stbranger kem to the house, ao' with big fearfi.rowlin' down his nose, ha .towldMrs. K?rrigan, the landlady,' that he was tbe last llvin nephew of Paddy Mulligan, his uncle. Ce discoursed her for awhile, an' towld ber be was prepirin' for tbe Church ; an', piok In' a prByer-book out of his breast pocket, be axed her, with a mournful groan, to be allowed op to the room where Paddy gev up bis gbost, bo that he might pray a few- prayers for tbe poor on'ortunate eperrit of bis uncle. Well, he tned suoh a poor mouth, an' was eo cut op in respect of wisbin' to eave bis uncle's bowI, that ths widow couldn't refuse the crathet. So she brought him npstslre, unlocked the floor, an' let him in. He -gave three long oburobyard eigbs ae if bia heart was brack. An',' six be, wid mora big tears beltin' flown his n: ee. siz he, 4 1 don't wsnt to be disturbed, Mrs. Kerrigan, while I'm at me prayers. An', wid yer lave, I'd like to look tneeeif in.4 To be sure ye may, an' weloome,' siz ebe. An' she hurried off downitain to answer a knock that kem to Ibe dare. ' Well, be hopplnj tn' throttin', sure enough lie wMa quare long time wraatlin' wid bis gmyert, an' tbe widow was bsginr.in' to get Impatient at the taydlona delay be was wuakin'. An' ibe was just half-way up tbe «ttlro, when the feet waa nearly took from ucdnt r he.- uo tnefrigm 01 heenn' tbe most awial-sereeobin' oomin' from tbe roitn where »h» thought lbej;sepbew was eayln' bis prayere,: ' Wid the Heart leppio' about In ber buzzum she listened, an' sbs beard a whippin' bawl of 'Holy saints in glory save -me! : Oh, uceie, let me out, an' I'll never dar to oome near tbe plaoe eg in to look for yer -money 1 Ooh owne, morober alive 1 Mordber ! Will no ore ocme an' save me?' It was a very dark wlntber's night, and Mrs. Kerrigan took 11 In' jumps down tbe stairs tbat ye'd think ehe'd brake her neok. The heart was pot across, Bn' she ran cut without her bc-nnet to tbry an' get a polis# man, and, after sarohin abont for some time, he cotch one bidin' in a hall round tbe corner, bavin' a smoke. 'Gome round, polls,' eiz she, 1 at once ; there's mordber in the house Tbe polis had only jost lit tbe pipe. Be didn't like, to be disturbed, for be was a prond sort cf constable. Bn piokin' tbe floal out of bie pipe, be squared himself op before ber witb a coneated turn, an' strffin' tbe olay pipe in bis buzzum, be axed where was tbe row. ' Ob, don't I tell ye c ff round tbe oorner a mab bee been mcrchered up in the tc-p ret®, Cctre round ai once, polis, or tbwell be holy slaughter.' Tbe polis prominsded solemnly round tbe oorner to Mrs. Kerrigan's home, an' goin' up the steirB, he put bis the wldber sgin tbe dure an' tint it in. An' there, np in tbe off oorner, bawlin' out fur tbe bare life, wae the nephew cf hie unole, jammed sideways agin tbe waintool eo tight that ye'd tbink be was growing out of it. Bib »rm wbb stuck tbro' a bole in tbo board right np to tbe root cf the showldher, an' he roared that tbe gbott ol bis uuc'.e or Ibe divil bBd bim cotch into the walQ W bile all ibis fuss and tbroubls was goin' on in Mrs. Kerrigan's bense, a roan belted ont at tbenext bouse for tbe bare life, nearly, ye might say, balf-naked, in bie ebirt an' tbrewsere. An' tarin' around for another poliB. at loek would have it, be dbropped on tbe sergeant, wipin' froth off bis mnostaeber, ont of tbe back dure of a poblio- honae. 1 ' Sergeant, some round here. I want to show ye a rat ibBt I've cotohina thrap, an' I'm goin' to set tbe tarrier at bim. Come on, sergeant.' Tbe sergeant wag of a sportin' turn, so he. started off at once to see tbe rat-hunt, an I suppose wid a sperrit of keepin' ordher it there wasn't fair play. ' Dp be wint np tbe etairs to the top back room. His companion unlocked the dure. ' Look there, sergeant — ye see how I've aotch him. At the eame moment tber was an eebo of roars behind the wall in lbs next room. And bangin' over the shell of a preBS in the wall, an' tied by a skelp of rope to Ibe leg 01 tne nnie, was tbe numan nana of a man. Ob, not a word of lie in It. It was ootoh there like a double-headed revet. 4 What's yer name!' eiz the sergeBnt. ' Me name is'Miok M'Hogh.' ' Well, tell us all about it,' siz the sergeant. ; Mick pointed to some bags of coppers that wor lyiu' on tbe table. ' D'ye tee tbim money-bags, sergeant !. Well, I bad tbsm locked op in tbe press, sure enough, sale an' sound. An' I -had only lurned into bed, when I beerd a tsppin' en' serstchin' at tbs back of Ibe -press. I didn't mind it at first, but, begar, wbin I beerd some bard outtin' and ecnfflin' thro' tbe boord, I quietly unlocked tbe preBB, an' tbere 1 seen tbe light of a oandle thro' a bole already made in tbe bootd at tbe brok of tbe press. 1 An' attber a while a band wss thrust tbro' the bole. The robber ol the world bBd only time to ketch howld of one of me money bags, wbin I put a stopper on bie night's work be grippin' a sodden bowlt of bis fist. I bad a piece cf rope in the oopbeord jost bandy, an' I tied bim to tbe leg of tbe table. ' Sergeant, wasn't it fortunate tbat I hap pened to be in eo early, or I'd be destbroyed entirely ?' ' But where did ye manage to get all the bags of coppers ?' siz the sergeant, . ' Well, I'm a charity collector, and tbim isms roundB for the week. An1 only look was on me side, to be in Boon thiB evenin', or I'd bave got me-elf into flamln tbrouble,' Ail Ibis while there was great oemmotion In the next room. ' Well, now,' siz the » ergeant, do you keep an eye to tbe band wnile I go into the other house, an' let it loose-whin I give ye the word. I'll just find ont who is it owns i fie thin wint np through Mrs. Kerrigan's bouse, an' tbere he seen the other polis in a puzzle wid the neighbours round Paddy's nephew, wbere he was etuck agin the wall like a barnacle to. a rook, \- 'Let go yer howld of him, Mick M'Hogh,' roued the sergeant, 'until we faring fain down to the station, ' 80 Paddy's nephew wae tbrotted off between the two polie wid burglary an' falBe pretences, an' other serious crimes. What. have ye got lo say why sintence shouldn't be passed upon ye!' siz ' the magistrate, Well, ye see, yer worship's honour, it!s all very simple In regard of how tbe matlher happened. Whin I heerd of me nnele'e death, I was cook sure, all out, that he must bave eft money hid somewhere in the room, an I invinted an exouee that 1 wae goin' lo pray for bis poor eowl that's in glory, an' whin I lccked meeelf in the room, fair an' aiBy, I began tsppin' the wainsoct till I kem to a holla sound. " Oh, bedad, I'm all right now for (attain," siz I ; an' I worked away 1 widths obleel till I scooped out a bole. Me I heart got up in me mouth whin I felt the money-bags ; but wbin I wss ootoh in Ibe i other room I wae anre It was the ghost of: me unfile tbat wai gnardln' tbe bage. That's all I have in regard at the whole contain, j yer worship' honour-.' j 4 Well, Lair, you'll go up for a month for desavin Mrs. Kerrigan wid yer false pre tences.' 'Thank yer worship,' siz Larry; an' be retired into private life for four weeks. Will, tbat was the finishiu' earch lor Mulligan' fortune. Tbe story' msde me thirsty ; I'll hive another pint, yer bonour. 