A SIGNALAN'S LOVE STORY. A sosG which was very popular wken I was a boy,-say, ' Most folks fall in love, no doubt, some time or other.' It might with equal truth have said that most folks fall in love two or three times over. I am sure it was the case with me. It was also my fate to do what, I am told, is one of the commonest thingsin the world that is to fall violently in love with a person entirely out of my own circle ; not below it, like the king and the beggar-maid, but a great deal above me; with a girl, too, who was as proud and haughty and stony as Juno or a sphinx. In the time to which I refer, nearly fifty years ago now-I am seventy-one next birth day-the railway system was in its infancy, but yet was spreading fast, and I was one of its earliest servants. It was in no exalted position that I served. My father was dead ; my mother rented a small cottage on the land of the nobleman in whose service her husband had lived and died ; and this nobleman recommended me to a railway company which had just eon structed a bran.:h through his estate. I was at first a porter, but afterwards a signalman, and, as a great favour, I was assigned a post on the branca just mentioned, close to my own house. The signal was not far from the junction of the branch with the main line ; a very lonely spot for a long way in either direction, although there was a thriving town some flve miles down the branch ; and there was a aiding close by where the trucks used in the :b ty local traffic were collected. ' ?4There were some cottages near my crossing S I ought to have said that. there was a _ ?lcrossing not far from my box-in one \- h? ese I lived; a sprinkling of farm- houses \- and several very good: houses of a higher class were within sight. In one of these latter, not by any means the grandest, but handsome enough for all that, lived Squire Cleabyrn ;and it was his daughter, Miss Beatrice, that I chose to fall in love with. For that matter, I daresay a score of other young fellows as poor as myself were as earnestly in love with her as I was, but they probably had safficient sense not to show their folly. I did show mine. I could not help it ; and when I recall all I felt and suffered at the time, I feel I most retract my admission that others were as much in lose with her as myself, but had the sense to conceal it ; such a thing would have been impossible. They could not have concealed it ; they might have refained from talking about it. I did not talk ; but had they seen the girl as often as I did, and looked into her face as closley as I did, they could not have hidden their infatuation from her. In return she would h-ve looked at them with the same haughty indifference-which yet had a something of contemptuous.wonder in it- as 1 was treated with. Not that mystory has anything of the Lady of Lyons flavour about it ;I was no Claude to an English Pauline; but this girl this Miss Beatrice, was so amazingly beauti ful that she was famed for full twenty miles around. In addition, she was one of the best horse woman in the county, and this enabled- me to see more of her than I should` otherwise have done: She used to rideout, sometimes with a servant only, sometimes with a party, nearly every day ; and nearly every day she came through the gates at my crossing. I tried not to look at her, feeling and knowing that there sparkled from. my eager eyes more feeling than I shonuld have alowed to escape me--but in- vain. I coud- not withoruld my gaze from that cord, dark face -she was not a blonde beauty ; golden hair \--wzas not the rage in those days-or from her large, deep unfathomable eyes, that looked1 through me and passed me asthough I had not been there, or was at best no more than a part of the barrier I swung open for her passage. Yet thieseeyes, as I even then knew but too well, read me tothe core, while they seemed to ignore me. I am almost ashamed to own it now, and even at this distance of time it makes my cheeks tingle to recall it, but I have wasted a whole afternoon, when I had a turn oil;' in hope of seeing Miss Cleabyrm. Her father's house stood on a knoll, with smooth, open lawns sloping down from it on all sides, so that from my signal-box I could see when anyone was walking in the front of the mansion, and when a party assembled to ride out. Well, I have actually lingered, on some feeble patience, for four or five hours about the signal-box in hope that she might walk on the lawn, or that she might mount and ride through our gates. I well remember that it was on one of these afternoons that Misis Beatrice rode thought with a small party. Ah ! I recall them easily enough. There was one other lady anl three gentleman. To open the gate for them, for her, was the opportunity I had been longing waiting my few hours of holiday c for; so I offered to do this to assist my miate, i who had relieved me, and who was glad enough to be spared the labour ;and 1 caught a full glance from the eye of Miss :Beatrice. The look was one in which she seemed to a exchange glances with me. I knew it meant nothing, that it was all a delusion, and yet c it would be enough to haunt me for days. I knew that also. I had never seen her look so beautiful before, and I felt my cheeks and brow burning hot in the instant I met this c glance. They passed. I watched them to thelast \--I always did--and saw her turn her head towards the gcntleman who rode by her I could see she was smiling. As I watched 1 her, the gentleman turned around and looked in my direction. He was smiling, also; it was something beyond a smile with him, and I I then reddened more with shame than I had tiefore done with excitmert, for I knew he was laughing at me. So Miss Cleahyrn , must have been laughins, also ; and at what i I was the subject of their ridicule, though it did not make the bitter pangs less, painful. I 1 went back to my comrade at the signal box. He, too, had noticed the group, and. said, as he entered the hut : 1 'That was the party from Elm Knoll, 4 wasn't it 1 Ah ! I thought so ; and of course that was the celebrated Miss Creapyrn. You know who that was riding by her side, I suppose I 'No,' I said, answering as calmly as I could; I was almost afraid to trust my voice. 'That's a young fellow-a captain from t somewhere,' continued my mate, 'who is going to marry Miss Cleabyrn. He has got a lot of money. So has she. Sam Powell, who drives the night mail, knows him, and told me all about it.' As the speaker had no idea of the absurd state I was.in, he took no particular notice : of me, but changed the subject, and went on with some indifferent tropic. 1 was glad he did so, for although I had an utter contempt for myself and for my folly in allowing the conduct of. the future, of Miss Cleabyrn to excite me, yet I could not have conversed on such a theme as her marriage; while the knowledge that the person to whom I had been ridiculed-I ft i suri of that--=was her avowed lower seemed to increase the bitterness of the sting tent. fold. I had ample opportunity ofseeing that the. repo t which I had heard. was likely, at any. rate, tobe founded on fact, as the stranger -the 'captain from. somewhere--remained a guest at Elm Knoll for- fully a fortnight, during which time not a day passed without ) my seeing both him and Miss Cleabyrn, and' sometimes. more than once each. day. So. I cameto know himby sight as. well:as I did!' her. He was a frank, handsome, young: fellow. That I could see, and! was obliged to own; andr in his speach he was pleasant. i This was shown by this stopping on two. or three occasions; when. riding alonei. to. ask me some questions. as I opened the. gate. for. hinm. I was sure-be made these occasions;, and at first disliked him for kindly, open manners;, so 1 relented; and,:' ere he left the neigh bourhood, used to look forward With:·ileasure to seeing him. This was a sad falling-off from my previous lofty mood', and so was. my accepting a cigar from him. as: he rode. through. In fact, although 1 have, no doubt, ' written myself an ass,' as our old' friend Dogberry would have said, yet at the. worst 1 was not without some glimmering of sense,. which saved.me from. making an absolute' example of myself Even during the short time iin which the' captain-- did not know his: name- was visiting at Elm Knolt, the heat and surge of my absurd pasfision had perceptibly moderated andjust then several circumstances combined to restore me- to. a rigit frame. of mind After thecaptain'6s departure, Misms B'eatrfce left home on a prolonged visit,, so that 1 did not see her; and at the same time- I met Patty Carr, who was, in her way, quite as pretty as Beatrice Cleabyrn,, although. not nearly so liaughty ;and my heart being' I specially tender and' open to impression just then, I snrpose, I thought more of her than of theyoung lady at Elm Knoll Indeed, we were married the next year At the time I speak ofa good many things Swere in vogue, or at least had not died out, which have quite vanished now, and among these-was. duelling. Every now and their a \- duel was fought; but. the ridicule which \- attended bloodless meeting and the' greater activity of'the police in cases where harm \- was done, were diminishing them greatly ; Syet still they did occasionally happen. A great str was. made. by a violent quarrel \- among some officers of a.regiment quatrtered in Lancashire, in which a challenge to fight a duet had been given and refused. It was called in the papers of the day' .The Great Military Scand.al,' and arose la the. following manner -?f ,d A certain Maryor Starley had offed a gross, insult to: a young lady, on whom, it appeared, he had been forcing his attentions for some time; and her only relative, a half brother, was in the same regiment with the i major. The detail's were. not pleasant, and it, was no wonder that Capt. Laurenston challenged the major; but the latter declined the chal lenge on some professional grounds, and when the parties met high words passed. These commenced, it appeared;, with the captain; but each became violent in the dis pate, until at last the captain thrashed his antagonist in the presence of several officers. This was not a make-believe beating, a "consider-yourself-horsewhipped" affair, but a right down "welting," the mniajor being badly cut and bruised. This was serious enough, anyhow; -hut what made it worse was thatthe officers were on duty at the time, and, by the strict letter' of military law, the captain would cetainly be punished with death. - He had expected. it'seems, that after so. public and, such a painful humiliationK he would infallibly receive a. challenge from the injured oficer; but it was not so He was I placed under arrest in the barracks, and ex pected to be brought to a court-martiol. He heard, however, from some friendly source that it was intended to hand him over to the civil power, when he would be charged with an assault with intent to killt In those days almost anything was tran2-. portable, and, Major Starley belonged to one: i of the most influential families in the. king- dom, there was no doubt that Ithe captain would be sent toa convictsettlement. There " was also no doubt that the prosecution would be conducted in the most vindictive.spirit. ann' pushed to the bitterest end. Terrified at such a prospect the 'young . officer escaped. frcm the barracks, by conni=-' vance of the guard, there was reason to sup pose, although this was never completely-i proved; at any rate, he got clear away, anid disappeared. - -- - Imrmediate advantage was. taken of this fatal' although very natural step- and a re ward was at once offered'for his apprehension. i If he could get -out of the country he would be safe, as there were then no engage m&its; for giving uip crimiinals, Lso the ports were watched, an-.easier thing to do when there was not such a tremendous outflow of. emigration as now. Public sympathy was, naturally, strongly i in favour of Capt. Laurenston, and against the major, who would be compelled, it was generally-said, to-leave the service. But this {.would not save the captain from being c chas tised, nor from fourteen years' traizsportation. 1 as he was cortain to be made an example of, if only for the purpose of of showing that officers would be protected when they refuse 1 to accept a challenge. I had taken an interest in all these details as my mates had done, and, as with them, my sympathies were on the -side of Capt. Laurenston, yet only as a stranger, for I had never, to my knowledge, heard of him before. But after a while it began to be said that the captain was the officer.who had been so Tong a visitor at Elm Knoll, and was the accepted suitor of Miss Oleabyrm.' Thisgave me more interest in the affair, and I sincerely hoped he might makegood his escape. Miss Beatrice had returned to Elm Knoll, but she rarely left the house, and still more rarely rode out, although it was the hunting season, so that I hardly ever saw. her. I was on nigght-duty at the signals .'and when I went there one evening to, relieve the. day man, he told me that:there were several detectives 'hanging about the -place'-he knew this from one of the guards who had formerly b-enin the police,.and so. recognised them. I naturally asked if the company suspected anything wrong amwng their people, and they said' no, not at all. The detectives of course siuspected' that they were after Captain Laurenston, who was likely to try to.see-Miss Cleabryn before leaving England..... . . This appeared' feasibleenough, and' was able heartily to acho.the wish of my mate, to the-effect that the young fellow might give his pursuers the slip, 7 have said my sigrials and crossing were on a branch: of no great traffic ; so, when the last down passengers: and' first night goods' trains had passed'--they followed each other pretty closely--there was nothing stirring'for several hours: Traffic' through. the gates' at the-level' crossingf after dark there was little or none;, so my berth' was dull and lonely enought Etdid not muchmi'nd' this, for I was fond of reading; and' on, this night--a stormy one it was-- was?eadlng a terrible ghost story. I laugh' at such. things now, but I know:right well: that they' made-, me 'creep' then. I daresay' everyone. knows the sensatibon, and' has fIt it over ghost stories.. I was; in. the midst of' the- most terrible part,. when I heard a slight noise, and, lift ing up my eyesu sawr at my' little wiTndowi tha.whicli startled me' more' than any ghostly appearance' ever will I thought 'it was a ghost. The glareofmy lamp fell;, upon the: panes; and 1 recognised the rarge, deep eyes which had so often thrilled me. I saw, and Iknew to.a. eertai?ty that Beatrice. Cleabyrn wasTooking at me. She- knew-by my elec tric start that she was recognised . The face vanished friom my windobw, asnd, as I sprang from- my seat. there was a tap at my door; I threw it open, The furious blast of wind 'that entered almost blew out my lamp, ald' I felt the driving-rain even as I stood within the hut. It was Miss Clea byrn, and she at once stepped over my threshold'. She had on a large dealtoak, the cape of which was turned up so as to form a hood, and this was dripping with wet; great drops of rain' were on her thce, too. I pushed my stool, the onlyseat in - my hut, towards her, and strove to ask what had brought lier to such a spot on such a night; but I could get no intelligible words. She had closed the door after her; and in, her very manner of doing so, there was some- I thing which suggested fear and danger, so that I caught my breath in sympathetic alarm. ' You are Philip Wailtress, are you not ' she said I had never heard her speak before, and either-I was still under the infuence of my old enchiantment, or she really had the most imelodious, most thrilling voice in the world; assuredly-" teotiglit so. Ofcourse, I replied in the afltrmative. SW'e--I have heard you spoken of;' she continued; 'and always favorably. 1 am sure you may be trusted; I an. sure you will be faithful. 'If I can serve'you in any manner, Misa Cleabyrn,' I managed to say, 'I will be faithful to any promise I may give--faithf'ul to death." This was a rather strong speech, but I could not help it. As I made it 1 felt that she knew right well, without being led by any.reportor mention of me-even if she had heard' anything of' the sort-why I might be trusted. :Shesmiled asl said thi I knew how fascinating was her smile, but I had neiver seen it with such madness in it; it was a thousand times more enthralling than before. ' will tell you why I am here insucha tempest; to do this wil be to confide in you most fully. I will not sit down'-this was called forth by another offer of the only seat. aleady mentioned-' I will stand here'--she was standing in an angle behind the door, much screened by my desk and some books which were heaped upon it--' then no chance Sor prying passer-by can see me? 'None will pass here for some time, Miss 1 Cleabyrn,' I said ; 'On such a night as this \--on any night, indeed the place is deserted; but take the precaution if it will give you a feeling of greater safety.' She did so; and then proceeded, firmly and collectedly-I was enabled afterwards to judge how much the effort cost her-to tell s me what had brought her to-my station. t 'You:have heard of Capt:. Laurenston? she began. ............ . I signified that I had done.so. s 'You kiiow-that he is pursued 'by the d police; and you know,I 'have no doubt, that he is the gentleman who was here, in. the c early part of the summer; I thought so. -He I is in this neighbourhood.; is not far froni r here. He dares not enter ourhouse at Elm 1 Knoll, and that is. not only' under special t watch, but we have" reason to think that one or more of our servants are bought over, and e would act as spies and informers. Hecannot I get away without assistance, and you, he thinks, are the only man he can trust.' * ' am r I exclaimed. 'Why, what can I i do' ' 'Perhaps nothing, perhaps everything.' x ' He has been seen and recognised here, and i every hour makes it more dangerous for him to linger. He knows he can -trust you. I am sure of it, too,' she added after a mo ment's hesitat'on ;' your very look justifies i me in saying so much;' ' Ah! she knew what my poor, stupid 8 looks had revealed, months before, and specu- I lated rightly that I would have been taken out and shot dead on the line, rather than have I betrayed her slightest' confidence. E 'I told her that I would do anything to i assist her, and the.captain, too. ' In what way,' I continued, ' do you--- ' You must get him away in one of the I carriases,' she interrupted-' some carriage which leaves here; for if he ventures to the station, he will.certainly he arrested. You can, for the present. conceal him in your cot tage, where, as I know, nobody lives but i your mother and yourself We leave all to you now,' she 'continued. ' What ready money we can command, he will want; but in a short time you shall be properly re warded.' As she spoke, I saw her hands were busy under her cloak; and in the next instant she laid on the desk before me a handsome gold watch and chain. Miss Cleabyrn,' I gasped at last; ' you do not think-do not suppose for a moment that I want-would take from you anvthing to buy my aid. I am only too willing- to give it. I shall be proud---- ' They are yours,' she interrupted. 'Watch for the captain to-morrow night. Do not follow me. No; keep them. All we can do wilt be but trifling- to show our undying gratitude, if you aid us now. She opened the door as she said this, and in a moment was lost in the darkness of the night, leaving me standing with the watch and' chain in my hand. I.obeyed Miss Cleabyrn's in?unction not to follow her, though. 1 wished to. restore the watch and chain she had left with me ; butT strained my gaze in. the direction she had taken. . In the continued bellowing ofthe wind and through the driving rain, it was diffcult to see or hear anything, even when close athand; yet I fancied I could hear her footsteps, as she reached the lane which was-at the foot of the railway bank, and could 'see her. Yes, aarin I heard footsteps; .but surely they were not" hers;' and the vague, shadbwy glimpse of a form- Iobtained was not Beatrice Cleabyrn's. and-I might be confused by the rain ;but if not'.there were-two others. It' was in vain to strain my sight any longer; I could see and hear no more, so 1 retnrned to my duties ;. and in the'morning T might have persuaded myself that all had Sbeen' a 'dreai;, ut for the presence of the Sarticles. which Miis Cleabyrm had left with me. - I felt at liberty; and, indeed felt bound to take my mother into the secretas her house would probably he the plac of refuge for the captain; but I di' not tell 'her all 1 have now said. She was not informed of the true reason for Miss Cleabyrn seeking me out and intrusti'n me with so dangerous a secret. The old lady, who was a confirmed student of the newspapers, and had long "beeninter ested in the fate and fortuhes oC the captain, was glad to have the chance.of beingof servfie to him, and arranged' at once where he should sleep. We had nuotmuch choice, our cottage being but of four rooms. My mate: told me, when':' went on duty, that it was rumoured at the Chequers that Captain Laurenston was in the neighborhood for certain, and would be caught, worse luck. It was impossible that he could get away, there-was such a lot onthe look-out for himn. I returned some different answer, -for, of course, I could not tell him how terribly 1 could have cororhborated 'iis tale. I could, however, and did, :echo his last wish .at leaving, that the otfficer might beat all his enemies. It wa-s again a soaking wet night; the ' ind' had gohe down, so that the rain' did not drive as on previous day, and there was no violence in the downpour, but it was steady and drenching enough. The usual passenger and goods trains had passed, and 1 grew ner vous with expectancy. No id?a has been given to me as' to where C'aptain Laurenston would make his appear ance; but lcouldnot helpthiinkiig it would be about the. same- timeas :my visitor had come on theprevions evening, aikd now 1"wZis right. ' I took the precaution to..turn the lamp down a little, so-as to diminishthe light; for there was no knowing what eyes might be on the watch, and I- was standing at the' ei Strance to mhy hut, striving 'to' pieice the-dark ness, when I was startled by-. to. figures coming suddenly before me. I kiei therit. They entered, and 1 dclosedthe do6r ? " ' Thank heavein, yo 'arr~e saf o sfar, Oswald,' explained the' lady-Miss CleabyrnI of course-' and I know you cani conifide ifi our friend Waitress ;.'-so -trust ?r?are oaut of the toils.' - , ', Yes,' said-the captain, turnaing:to'm and grasping my hand. - I knew him by his voics and> Miss Olea byrn's words; but had we' met casually I assuredly should not have recognised him. His glossy monstacheand fulli whieskers e I Sgone, while a light wig hid what 1a ift of l his dark' curls. ;. 1 '1 know 1 can trust him,'.hesaic' .kne I itthe first time Isaw his face. But leave me now, dearest; it will only'be for a time-a short time, ere we meet again. Thank our I friend, VWaltress,'and letus say farewell;.' SMiss Cleabyrni'ofeied her hand-- there.wa such a queer;thrill. in my own -veims-*a V touched it, such a recallingof past days-and z~L`7EL~r: -~~·,B .~ ( she said a few words expressive of her grati- I tude. t There were: only few; but. with her soft voice in my ears, and the sight of hernow swimming eyes before me, 1. would have dared death in her service. d She then- threw her arms round thef, captain's neck, and strove to frame a farewell, but broke down terribly. so that for a few minutes she was hysterical, and 1 dreaded lest she might scream aloud, and thus give the alarm to any chance traveller, or, it might be, any concealed watcher. But she recov ered herself as quickly as she had broken down, and dashed the tears from her eyes. 'My poor dear girl,' said the captain, with some hesitation in his voice, as he gazed after her. 'I feel that I ought to have gone with her, and yet I know it would have bsen mad ness. " We were traced here, Waitress, for all I know; the watch upon me has been very close. I told how I fancied I had seen two per sons when Miss Cleabyrn had left my box on the?previous night. 'Yes,' he said, with a smile, 'I joined her at'the foot of the bank. But you must have good eyes.' I explained thst he misuriderstood me; that I had seen two persons follow the lady, although in such a storm and in the darkness, it was impossible to be certain. He was a a good deal disturbed at hearing this, being evidently at once convinced that my sus picion were well founded.. He.bad not been long-in the hut, and we were talking about the best method of first concealing. him and then getting him away, when I suddenly stopped in my speech and listened at the door. ' What is the matter 1' asked Laurenston. \- 'I heard a step of someone walking round the box,' I returned; and I am sure there is a man on the rails. No one hasany business there at this time,' In another instant a very low whistle- was heard. 'They- mean mischief,' I said; 'you- are caged. These men are following you.' The captain turned pale and thrust his hand into his breast.. I guessed he had some weapon concealed there, so I exclaimed : 'That will not do.! Here !. There is just one chance ;: put on this coat and. cap.' They were those left by my mate. ' Quick!' I cried; ' I can hear them coming . Now sit down and write anything in this book. Don't. seem to. shrink from A sharp rap at the door interrupted me. BeforeI could answer it, the-door was thrown. open, and I saw three men-strangers before me. Another was standing at some distance, so that I could not see him dis tinctly. 'Your name is Waltress,' said the fore more sharply, and with a quick glance around the interior of the hut. ' We are in pursuit of a criminal, and have traced him to this spot. Have you seen any stranger here I' ' have not been here all the evening,' I said, 'but no one has been here except Bill,' I, exclaimed, to my supposed mate, '-have you seen any fellows hanging about here I' - - Bill turned. half round;' but the peak cf his cap being drawn down over his face, and the collar of his coat being- turned up, as was. natural on such a night, he was effectually, disguised, especially as- his appearance was, as I have described, so completely changed. . He spoke with. his pea in his mouth, and said - - -. 'About three hours ago there was a- fellow-I at the gates that 1 didn't like the looks of.' ' We have- seen our man, or he has been seensince, then,' returned the speaker. Then addressing those behind, he said: ' He may be hiding in those trucks,' point ing to some 'standing on the other side of the line. At that moment a man was really heard to leap from one of the trucks and to hurry along the road. I knew who it was, and that it was his duty to see to certain arrange ments, before the train came through which would pick them up. The man who was standing apart also heard the noise, andi called the other; then, without another word. they alP hurried to where the trucks were standing. ' A near chance that,' I said, turning to the captain, but stopped in my speech, from the shock his changed appearance gave me. He was deadly pale. I began to feel more uneasy in my new un dertaking than I had hitherto been, especially; when I heard another step approaching and saw that someone bearing a light was coming to the hut. I thought it was a second. search, and felt that we could scarcely expect to repeat our success. -Howeveir, it was only Charley Pearce, -the night-goods foreman, who had. come down to send the trucks off, and had crossed over to my box to tell me of a 'rum go' he had had with some queer-looking strangers, who had insisted on searching the trucks. - ' If they had been civil,' said Charley. with a knowing wink and nod. evidently directed at my companion, '1 might have told them somethinga, good ; but they were preciously uncivil, talking to me as if I was a nigger or a convict, -so I'sent them to the Pike and Perch'-this was a beer-house some two miles off---'and so, you know, if any gent's in trouble and want's to clear out, now's the. time.' It war at once clear that Charley knew\,.r pretty closely guessed, what was afoot. -The captaintlooked anxiously at me. By a sudden inspiration Esaw how to make a benefit of this new danger. ' harley,' I exclaimed. this is Captain Laurenston, who thrashed the major. : You know all about him, I am cer tain, for we have often talked about the affair.' Oharley nodded. SIf he does not get away to-night,' I con tinued, 'he will be caught, for there are spies about him everywhere.' 'Well, what is the captain going to do' ' You can help him. Charley.' 1 said. ' Your'brother goes down with the night goods, and I" know his wife's brother is steward -aboard the F-ench packet. Get the captain down with the goods and smuggle Shim aboard. Here! this will make it worth your while.' As I said this, I drew out-the watch and chain from my desk and pushed- them to wards Charley.- His eyes sparkled, - and I saw the business was as good as done. SCharley made a feeble objection to taking such vluables ;-butthere was no timi for Ifencing of this kind, so he picked the treasures up, and left, telling the captain to go outside and wait under the signal, as danu gerous eyes might be upon the box. The captain took hisadvice, after shaking my hand, and saying::. ' But what are you going to. have for yourself, Waitress? Well, never mind, I will see to that; you know I will do so, I hope. 'One thing is quite certain,' I replied, ' that I would not rob Miss Clelbyrn of her valuables, if they were a hundredfold as valuable. Now, don't, argue, captain; but go and wait where Charley tells you.' With another clasp of my hand, he went ; and 1 was nervous than I ever remember to have been before in my life, until the engine camne and and commen'.ed 'shunting ;' and then it was actually worse Every moment I fancied 1 could hear a Istruggle, and I thought the engine had never been half so long . over its work. But it went away a+. last; and its puffing was still faintly heard in the distance, when, without the slightest warning, the door of my hut was thrown open and there were the strange men again. The leader exclaimed fiercely: 'Now, you, sir! where is the man who was here just now 7 We are up to your tricks. Where is he ' ' Hush !' said one of his companions, and whispered to him. . ' o proof ! he exclaimed; ' the scoun drels are all in league together. A woman with a man was seen coming towards this box, and where are they? We will have them ; and you, too, Mr Signalmann if you. attempt any tricks upon us.' 1 could see that half measures or timid words would not do, so 1 boldly-in appear ance at any rate, although I was a- good deal frightened-defied him. I told- him point blank that -if I did know, or could know,. where the persons he wanted were,. I should: not tell liim. This conduct was the best I could" have adopted ; the party were convinced I knew nothing of the fugiti e, and so went away.. But after they were gone I felt horribly ner vous; it had been so near a thing; that I would not have-passed through the. same ex.n cihement again for any money. Charlie and his friends: were true to. their trust. This was greatly to their credit, as: there was a large reward out, which they could have earned by a few words ; and they had not been. in love with the captainrs. sweetheart, as I had been. Charley br3ught me a. note- on- the next day, writtten by the captain on board the French boat, and on the- day following I got another from France; so Laurenston was; safe. I took an early opportunity of'seeing-Miss Oleabyrn as she was walking near her home. When I told her how I had disposed of the watch and cliain, she looked at me with her' old smile, which 1 remembered so- well- re memliered then ?-why. I have not forgotten: it now !-and said I must have my own, way; but she would try to- find- a mode of conciliating even my disinterestedness; and: she. did so. I~heard nothing for some few weeks of any of the parties in. the affair, which had been. so exciting to me; indeed Miss Cleabyrn must have left home directly after the inter , view I have just spoken of, for 1 never saw her again-not for years, at any rate: But: I had a letter from her, a thing I had never dreamed would happen to me. It was dated: from Boulogne,.where she had arrived; she said, the previous day; and after thanking me for my services, anl saying that Messrs. Primer, her solicitors, had instructions to, write to-me, the letter was. signed-I could' hhrdly believe my eyes !-Osward Lauren- ston and Beatrice Laurenston ! So the secret was out !-they were married. When I recalled the little scene in my hut, the passionate, unrestrained farewell, F felt that I ought to.havre known it then; ibut,. if I may indulge in a philosophical reflection, SI would sayv that all through life you are aliways looking back and blaming yourself for not having seen more plainly the things :whi ch were passing before your eyes. Well, this was nearly the end of my adven i ture with Captain Laurenston;. yet one or i two incidents which remain to-be told were perhaps as important to me as any that had Sgone before. Tliere was at the end' of our lane a cottage, somewhat larger than its neighbours, with quitera nice piece of ground' attached ; a great deal superior to the other. To my amazement, Messrs Primer, of Lincoln's Inn, sent down a clerk with the Stitlie-deeds of this house and land, wlhich was actually presented to- me- as from Captain Laurenston. After a good' many years, thiey returned- to England; when Major StarleyS-who had been: forced to resignn-was dead, and" the affair had" blown overr The lived a Dlong way off, how ever, and I only sai. them once or twice.. When I met MIrs Laurenston, leaning' on her husband's- arni, or-saw her riding in- the' pony carriage with some of her-six- pretty children,. why,. I laughed. But once I could' not have laughed. 