School picnic at Yangan. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] On Saturday last the children attending the State school at Yangan were treated to a picnic by Mr. and Mrs. Kerr, which passed off very successfully. The day was everything that could be wished, and the opportunity for hav- ing a pleasant day's outing was availed of by many besides the school children, and the assembly was very much the largest that has ever been brought together in the district. Some of the very earliest settlers on Upper Swan Creek were present, and they could not help being struck with the wonderful change effected in the district during a couple of decades in the way of settlement. Such a phenomenon could only be witnessed in a land where the national ?? of the highest order, and where the settlers have the qualities in them to develop these resources. One of these early settlers, the very first by the way — Mr. James HcAra, late of Craigielea — was warmly welcomed by many of his old friends, and not without good reason, as Mr. McAra is one of the somewhat limited number whose place is difficult to fill. He always took the warmest interest in the school, and tendered it most efficient help on many occasions during the struggling stage. He has just returned from a trip to the old country, and was rather inclined to "blow" a bit about the manifold merits of his native land. These panegyrics, however, seemed to be rather largely discounted by the fact that Mr. McAra has a second time left "Caledonia stern and wild" for the sunny south, and has brought all his family along with him, and appears to have no intention of venturing among the fogs and mists again. It has already been said that the picnic was a success, and so it was in every sense, and a credit to all concerned. Although the gathering was large and the supplies of cakes, sandwiches, fowls, fruit, and lollies appeared to be inexhaustible, all was of the best. Besides the eatables a large number of very nice prizes had been provided by Mr. Kerr for the success- ful competitors in the various sports. These were distributed by the member for Warwick with a pleasant word for each boy and girl as they received the coveted honours. Altogether, Mr. and Mrs. Kerr have every reason to be satisfied with the result of their first effort in this direction, and the hearty manner in which they were assisted by the parents of the children proves that the teachers are on the very best terms with the people. The day was brought to a close by three cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Kerr. When a similar occasion comes around again, the writer hopes to be there enjoying himself by helping to reduce the provender and increase the pleasant gossip. ftTlie Scottish crojtcrs charged with raiding have been sentenced to an average of 12 months' iffiprisoniBeat each. Two women received nine months. Much disapprobation was expressed at the sentences by those who thronged the court in Edinburgh. A man in good circumstances, aged 79, is charged, at Swinford, with killing hie wife with a flat iron. His wife was 77 years old, and the; had been married nearly 60 years. The proprietor of mi hotel in San Francisco, the largest in the world, married a wife in his dotage. After his death a fortune was spent to settle whether she was legally the deceased's wife. The courts have decided in her favour, and she thus becomes entitled to some millions. During the trial and appeals she and her lawyer grew eo interested in each other that they became man and wife before the case ended. The rich costumes worn by the Queen of the Sandwich Islands during her Jubilee visit to England have been destroyed by the native ladies, who ate indignant that their Sovereign should have given herself up to the follies of fashionable London. A. terrified stag, which was being bunted by the Royal buoknounds, made for Windsor Cutle, and actually jumped through a glass window into an apartment used by the Queen. Here the animal, which slightly cut itself, was oaptured. , A "ghost" which had nightly terrified people in a village on the outskirts of Shrews bury, has been effectually laid. On Sunday 60 villagers set out with sticks and missiles, and succeed in effecting a capture. The ghost was none other than a farmer. His captors chastised him severely, and he was only re leased on his handing over £6 for the local infirmary by way of compensation for his tolly. The ci-Empresa Eagtole will visit the Queen during her stay at Florence. The ex-Empress is said to have been greatly affected by the removal of the bodies of her husband and son, and her health is causing anxiety to her friends. The town of Nelson, Lancashire, was in darkness on January 8 from 6 to nearly 9 o'cjobk. Dflring the night the engine used to pump air into the meters at the gasworks had been allowed to ran, and as the result all the gas became exhausted, and nothing but air was in the meters. Owing to the want of gas all the mills and workshops were stopped, and sbout 10,000 people were idle for nearly three hours. 