Jfj} ^rawr 6u? Jne 'orse,. . ' The horse is a noble animal, and very useful to man.' The above is a quotation from an ancient legend in a school book tliat used to engage my attention at a very early age. In my youthful days I lived in a country' district, aud all the callow youtlis in the neighborhood used to sport a horse, just the same, as in towns, our budding legisla tors or burglars sport a short pipe, and cul tivate an effusion of 6pittle. X bought a horse from a syndicate consist ing of five shareholders, who had dis agreed as to who and wheu each was to ride him, it being settled by Tommy Pocket wip ing out all the members of the firm one after another — (they were much smaller fchau he) — aud selling the horse to me at the rate of five shillings a leg, two shillings cash, the balance by time payments, which, I regret to say, 'were never paid up, as the horse died witliin a week, and 1 squared Tommy with a bag of marbles and a toy pistol. After purchasing what I fondly imagined to be a future Cup winner, I took him home, and, knowing that kindness to dumb ani mals is the way to make them fond of you, 1 stuffed liirn with bran aud chaff till his abdo men resembled a balloon, and 1 had serious thoughts of putting a surcingle round bim to prevent bun going through the roof of the stable. By the time he had finished feed ing, a lot of boys came round, and persuaded me to get on him. This, I may remark, was my first trip on horseback. I led him out, saddled and bridled, and amidst shouts j of 'Bravo, Tommy ! Stick to him !' and j so forth, with the aid of a washing-tub j turned upside down, 1 made a spring for the ' saddle. I must have got up too hurriedly, for when I went to take my seat the horse had shifted. Subsequent examinations of : my noble charger's hiud-quarters showed . that he liad been made a pin-cus3)ion of ; his j noble haunches fairly bristling with pius. ' Assisted by some of the boys, all of whom . solemnly swore they never hail a pin about them — and it wasn't them — I seated myself firmly in the saddle. A heavy cough on the 1 part of my charger — probably induced by the overfeeding I bad given him — sent me iuto the family slush bucket, and E was carried inside the house a greasy wrcck. ' I used to loan him out to the boys after ) that, and he had a pretty lively time of it. j I think it hastened his end, as they used to start on him altout live in the morning, and I knock off at twelve at night, without any ! interval for meals. His end 1 have men- j tioned, but not the manner of it. He had l-ecn out for fourteen hours without refresh meuts, and the l-oys had turned him loose in ' the back yar-L He staggered round, sniffing amongst some shavmgs for an old cabbage stump or two, and, not finding one, I think it broke his spirit, for he looked round in a heartbroken, injured kind of way, laid down, gave a groan, and threw up the ghost. I liave never owned a racing steed since. The knowlctlgc that 1 thus acquired of the noble auimal has since stood me in good stead, and I have always been an authority on all matters connected with the turf amongst my friends, and they relied on my racing tips with a steady and unwavering faith that was positively touching, notwith standing tliat I never even gave them a placed horse, but I used to give them the tip so much after the style of the Herald and SportjiTnin that they were perfectly satisfied that nothing but a fluke prevented them from winning. I used to say if ' Tambour Major ' was meant, heeouldn'tlosc, but I'd put somethuig oh 'Tiger Cat' if he started; 'Jump- ing Frog ' is also very dangerous ; and if ' Lady Snell,,? ' Tom Jones,' 'or 'The Par son' started I should back them for a few pounds. 1 mauaged to get them so mixed up, by naming nearly die whole of tbe horses tu the race, that 1 could easily point out that I told them the winner would waltz in if he was only on the job, aud in doing this I was only following in the footsteps of the sporting prophets. But I have given even that up now. My last experience with the noble quadruped was qu Cup day before last. In an unguarded moment I had promised a friend to make, in company with my wile, two of a party of foureto drive down to the Cup. I was to be the driver, my friend undertaking to hire a horse aud double- seated buggy for the occa sion. At the appointed hoqr we started, and with much secret misgiving I handled the ribbons. All went well for a mile or two out —I didn't see how it could go otherwise, for | I only drove at tbe same rate as a funeral '' Touch him up,' suggested my friend. ' Everybody is passing us.' J renjarked tliat cruelty to horses was ouly the crime of asses. ' Oh ! do, for gracious sake, go faster,' said my wife pettishly. ' All the races will fye over before we get there.' I gave him a gentle flick with the whip, which only caused him to whisk his toil alwut an inch, aiijd he took no more notice of me than if 1 bad been a meml-er of Parlia ment. Another lialf-mile was negotiated in | about fifteeq forty, and my friend sang out) ' Stop Jrim, Jeff ; ige and the n^issijs will get out and walk. We'll see you later on. HI tell yoa who wins the Cup. You'll be tl^ere time enough to see the last race.' I was about to remark that it was the pace that kills, when Mrs. IV., in her impe tuous M ay — she's often taken like that— seized the whip, and rained a shower of vio lent blow's on our inf passive charger. Round went his caudal appendage like the Bails of windmill, and one more than usually vio lent whirl caught the reins, and his tail shut down on then) like a rat-trap. I tried to pull them free, but be held on like grim death to the traditional nigger ; and you never saw such a change in a horse in your jjfe. ' He charged down the road like one of ihe six hundred. The women screamed ; my friend, with the .chivalry of a man who had been married for five and twenty years, jumped out of the buggy, lea\ing his wife in mydiaige ; an,d I tugged at thereins^ vainly striving to lift that iron-bound tail of bis. It was all over in one act ; right ahead was a heavily -loaded dray looming down on us. All the people in front of me cleared off the track to allow ub room for passing, but there was no room for the dray to clear out, and crash ! spatter ! bang ! and it was all over ! I don't remember anything else for nearly a month, by which time I was being wheeled about the garden in a bath-chair, with the wife attending inc. She hadn't been hurt, luckily, and it was two months longer l-e- fore 1 was able to resume my usual occupa tion. In conclusion, I remark that the horse may lie a noble auimal, and very useful, etc. , etc., but be has never !-een of any use to me; and I don't thiuk I shall ever go nearer to his hindquarters than twenty-five feet, as I then only shall I feel safe from him. 