CURRENT TOPICS. TnE duplicate cable between Port Dar win and Java has again parted. The following message was received at the Telegraph-office yesterday from the Cable Company's superinteiident at Port Dar win :-"mWe have not spoken to the ship on the 1881 cable since Tuesday. The dupli cate cable failed this morning at 7130, Singapore time, about 60 miles from Banjoewangle. We may got ship at.any moment, and I will keep you advised." ON -Saturday afternoon a large number of members of the Launceston Football Club made an excursion to Rosevear's in the 0.s. Indignant, for the purpose of celebrating the conclusion of the football season. The weather was excellent, and the trip was heartily enjoyed. A start was made from the wharf shortly after 2 o'clock, a portion of the St. Joseph's Band, under the conduotorship of Mr. F. Harper, playing lively airs. Rosevear's was reached about 3-30, and a number of the excur sionists at once set out for Brady's Look out, while the remainder enjoyed them felves by engaging in foot-racing, etc. The whistle was sounded at 5640, and after a plentiful supply of refreshments had been heartily partaken of a start was made for home, the wharf being reached about 7'20. Before landing lusty cheers were given for the president of the club, Mr. G. T. Collins, who had liberally provided the steamer for the afternoon. The utmost good fellow ship prevailed throughout, and the com mittee are to be congratulated upon the excellence of the arrangements. TYn Franklin correspondent of the Mercury writes on October 16 :-Another of the pioneers of the Huon has gone to that " undiscovered country from whose bourne no traveller returns." I refer to Mr. John Jolly, who suffered two strokes of paralysis in quick succession, and expired in Mel bourne, whither he had gone to see the Exhibition, a few days ago. The deceased was born in Forfarshire, Scotland, about 1811, and having served an apprenticeship as a millwright in his native village, and subsequently as an engineer in Manchester, he landed in Tasmania in 1856 with the necessary plant for a small saw-mill, which was erected on the right bank of the Huon, not far from the house in which he resided for over 80 years. Before long, however, Mr. Jolly turned his attention to fruit culture, for which the climate of the dis trict is so well adapted, but he was ever ready to give the benefit of his practical knowledge to those who might otherwise have been in a difficulty through machinery getting out of order. The deceased was a man of strict integrity, and his unostenta tious life and genial, benevolent disposition endeared him to a large circle of friends. The following memos.were posted atthe Telegraph- office on Saturday:-lNether lands-India Government notify -" Tele graph stations opened by cables from Landangan, Java, to Bali Island and Macasear Celebes Islands on the 17th inst. Tariff per word the same as to Java." St. James notifies-" Saigon, and Hong Kong cables restored." The height of the South Esk River a Fingal at 6 p.m. yesterday was 3ft 8in. Referring to the cable message an- nouncing the fact that Miss B. Hudspeth had passed the matriculatiou examination at the London University, the Argus says: One of our cable messages from London has mentioned that Miss Beatrice Hudspeth, of Tasmania, has passed the matriculation examination of the London University. We are informed that she is the first young lady in the colonies who has accomplished this. Miss Hudspeth is the daughter of the Rev. Canon Hudspeth, of Tasmania, and niece of Mr. James Cogle, of Ballarat. She is one of three of the Hudspeth family who have taken the A.A. degree in Tasmania during the last four years. It is noteworthy that Miss Hudspoth passed this examination without leaving Tasmania. CAPT. SuOaTT, Government Meteoro-. logical Observer, reports that the rainfall for the week ended October 20, was :-At Launceston, 19 points; Corinna, 2 inches; Boobyalla, 31 points; Swan Island, 85; Avoca, 21; Oatlands, 45; Swansea, 14; Hobart, 76; Southport,'149; and for three days at Waratah, 258 points. AT Milton Hall, on Friday evening next, what should prove a most interesting lee ture will be delivered by the Rev. George Clarke, of the Davey-street Congregational Church, Hobart, the subject being " Robert Elsmere." The hen. Adye Douglas will preside on the occasion. Tax City Band added one more to their many attractive concerts at the Town Park yesterday, and the publio as usual showed their appreciation by a good attendance. Mr. Wallae wieldod the baton, and has reason.to be ppaud of the musical talent of his subordinates. Tan last of the course of lectures by an evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Chutch was delivered in the class-room of-the kebhanibs' Imatittite yesterday evening, the sibject beiing "The re-constitutiosi of the Chuirh, the body of Christ and His bride, in the fullness of her primal endowment, and the- perfecting of every member, a necessary work in these days." The lecturer went to show, by reference to the subjects dealt with in former lectures, that the Scriptures of the Old Testament were a great and con?hou tire revelation of God to prepare the way for the Christian Church, through which, as the body and bride of Christ, a witness was to be borne to all nations concerning God and Christ, through whose very failures great and valuable lessons were to be learned, and through whose final triumph in and through Christ the whole creation was to be blessed. After depre eating the idea which prevails in some quarters that the Church can do the work which God has for her to do without unity and organisation, the lecturer went on to trace in the Acts of the Apostles and the Epistles the evidences of budding organisation and ritual in the years of the Church's infancy, and remarked that the manifest reason why no form or organisa tion was given to the Church by Christ himself, save only the setting in their places of the twelve Apostles, was, that this was to be done afterwards by the operations in the Church of the Holy Ghost, The bringing out of the Church's order and ritual was hindered during the first thirty years of her history by the continuance of the Jewish temple worship, from the influence of which all, but espe cially the Jewish, Christians were only gradually weaned. As soon as the Church emerged into the light of profane history, less than one hundred years after the death of John, she is found with an organisation and a ritual resembling that of glimpses of which appear in the New Testainent. She is found with bishops, presbyters, and deacons, and a liturgy, including the Eucharistic memorial sacri flee itl its pure state and not as corrupted in later ages. That the MIosaic tabernacle was the plan and pattern of the Christian Church as was abundantly shown in the Epistle to the Hebrews, and that the work of setting the Church in order upon that pattern had commenced. The lecturer concluded by saying that such a restores tron of the Church in the last days is plainly necessary to bring her into that condition of unity in which alone the Lord can receive her as His bride, and that in such a restoration is to be found the only true preparation either of the body of Christ, or of the individual members of it for his appearing. YESTERDAT, at St. John's Church, the half-yearly collection in aid of the General Church Fund was made, the amount taken at the morning service being .£6 Os 9d, andin the evening £89 18s 10d, making a total of £104 19s 7d. The Rev. E. H. Champion, the incumbent, who preached on both occasions, must feel gratified at the manner in which his parishioners have come forward in support of their Church Fund. Fsoa Messrs. Welch Bros. and Birchall the Young Ladies' Joarnal for November is to hand. This number contains the open ing chapters of a new story, entitled "Two Words," as well as a further instal ment of "A Nine Days' Wife," and the conclusion of " Hope Royal," besides the usual miscellaneous news and items of interest. The plain and coloured fashion supplements are accompanied by a coloured design for a waste paper basket. THe usual fortnightly excursion train to Formby left the Launceston and Western Station at 8'30 o'clock yesterday morning with a considerable number of passengers. A return to town was made at 9'25 o'clock the same evening, the excursionists having experienced a pleasant day's outing. DURING his prolonged sojourn in Mel bourne, Mr. Geo. Clarke, the " Christian athlete" has conducted mission services in various parts of the city and suburbs. At the close of a mission it has been his custom to invite a free-will offering in return for the spiritual good accomplished, and the request is generally very liberally responded to. From the 6th to the 14th inst. he conducted services in the Presby terian Church, Toorak, which was crowded to excess every evening. A thank-offering was made on the same lines as those in connection with the other suburbs, and no less a sum than £1078 Ils Gd was placed in the collection-plates. It is the custom with the donors to state the object for which their gift is intended, and .the result was approximately as follows: -Unallocated, £6E Os 9Od Jubilee Fund of Presbyterian Church (conditional on its reaching £60,000), £500; Evangelisation Sodiety, £192 13s; Young Women's Chrastian Association, £201 17s 9d; Children's Home of Hope, Collingwood, £50; South Yarra Y.M. Home, £5; Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, £1. Mr. Clarke will visit Sydney in a few days, and prior to his departure from Australia he will con duct a series of services in the Melbourne Town Hall at the end of November next. Mr. Clarke's services have been thronged with fashionable listeners, and if our educated classes (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) become at all deeply touched by the principles and spirit of Christ it means the inserting into our national history of a spiritual force at once progressive and conservative in the highest and truest sense. A venY interesting collection of speci mens of various kinds of ores are dis played in Mr. C. P. Collins's window, in Patterson-street, and embrace samples of mineral from many of the far-famed mines in the different Australasian colonies, in cluding silver from New South Wales, gold from Queensland and Victoria, and a variety of metals from our own rich little island. The specimens are carefully labelled, and anyone wishing to gather a deal of useful information as to the appear ance of mineral ores, or others who may wish to pose as profound authorities on the appearance of ores from particular claims may get the requisite knowledge by a pavement study of the specimens referred to. AT the Launceston Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., Hugh Murray Williams, 30, was re manded for conveyance to Triabunna, he being deemed to be an idle and disorderly person on or about August 22 or 23 by being on the premises of one Ann Innes, at Spring Bay, for some unlawful purpose. On the 12th inst. (we learn from the Mercuryl) another old colonist went to join the great majority. Francis Allison arrived in the colony in 1823 with his father, the late Captain Allison, of Shean- shall, and was educated at the Longford Academy, of which the Rev. R. R. Daves was principal. In his younger days he travelled a great deal, visiting the gold fields of California at the time when the first rush took place, and was one of the first to form a party of diggers to proceed to Bendigo. For many years Warden of Sorell he, by his kindly manner and generous nature, endeared himself to all with whom he came into contact. Some years before a stroke of paralysis incapacitated him from any active exertion he occupied the position of one of the inspectors of sheep, a position for which he was peculiarly qualified owing to his intimate knowledge of the growth of the sheep farming interest of the colony from the earliest days. He was a deeply read man and contributed many articles to the press, and some few years before his death he published a small volume of poems, which in their genuine poetic taste and feeling are an index of the gentle and kindly nature of the man. In 1852 he married a daughter of the late Thomas Williams, of Launceston; by whom he had ten children, six sons and four daughters, all of whom are now living. Some two years ago he had a stroke of paralyasis from which he never fully re covered, and latterly his illness was of such a lingering and painful nature that his death was a happy release. JunIon from the sparse attendance at the Depot Ground bowling green on Satur day afternoon, it does not appear to be generally known that visitors are welcomed by the club to witness this interesting old English game should they feel disposed to frequent the very pleasant retreat on which it is played. Several interesting games .were played on Saturday, and as the play Is easily understood and the ground itself is well worth a visit, ladies and their escorts could hardly in Lannceston, find a pleasanter method passing mawy a half holidoy. A wa held on Saturday under the auspices of the Launceston Homing igtee SOciety, from Snake Banks, when allgeh eight birds entered came to the ost The left by the 8,10 a.m. train, and wr liberated by Mrs. Jones at 2 od"- We first bird to arrive was Result, foPll??e T Speculation, Navigator. Lady Betty by d Or, Pearl, and MaIyflower. W n t' time allowances were made up the followin was the result i-J. M. Davies's Resul 22min 45soc ; J. Chapman'sLady iett, 22min 5lsec; J. and A. Norma 'sNae, gator, 2 min. 9'see ; A. Conings?b Speculation, 24min 2ec; King Grifllths's Pearl, 25min lace; T. Manthes Reve d'Or, '5min sec ; A. Wilson's Mias flower, 26min 7seec. The prises will bt paid over on Tuesday evening at the Fire Brigade Hotel. We must be thankful for small mercies, and until the millennium commences, and (according to temperance advocates) total abstinence follows, it is as well to get good malt liquor. A new departure in this direction has been made by Messrs. Fawns and Abbott, who have recently brewed as ale closely approaching the best Englils ale in character, and which has been ?ade from English malt. We (tell it net in Oath) sampled it at the City Hotel (where it made its first appearance) on Saturdays and pronounce it "very good." "Oc Saturday evening the weekly enter. tainment in connection with the Gospel Temperance Mission was conducted by the members of the Young Men's Christian Association in the Temperance Hall, and was one of the most enjoyable yet given. There was a good attendance, with Mr. J E. Cocker presiding, and some excellent songs and recitations were given, the num. bers by Misses. Couleon and Fcat. and Messrs. E. Von Bibra and F. Tyson bein particularly well rendered. The gramme was as follows:-Addresses, the chairman, and Messrs. Rankin, E. Me1res, and Stephenson; vocal dneta, Misses Coulson and Foat; songs, Miss A. Clarke, and Mr. E. Von Bibra ; recitations, Mesrs. F. Tyson, and Mercer; pianoforte solo, Master Prank Smith (blind); and hymns by the choir, with Miss H. Clarke organist. IT is notiied that the now issue of 25io0 shares, paid up to £1 obch, in ths Victsli, Freehold Bank are now open to the pLlics. Applications will be received at theLsunce?sto branch, Brisbane.street, where copies of the last report and blanceesheet, prospectuser,sl d forms may be obtained. TENDERS are invited by Mr. Frank Quinn hen. secretary in connection with the U.?. Societies Demonstration, for the sole right l supplying sofreehments on the Cricket Ground nsd at the Town Park and Pavilion onN' Year's Day. TImE distance for the Open-to-all Handicap Bicycle Roce in connection with the United Friendly Societies' Demonstration Sports is notifiled as being one mile and a half, snd no one mile as previously printed. TIE usual practice night of the members l the Cuekoo Club lasa been altered to Milday, when a full atttndance of members is te. qucstod. A roBLIo meeting will be hold at Rose,?'s after the stock sale to-day to discuss the oblecl of the Beaconsfield Separation and l'olitial League. ENTRIES for the Launeseton Spring Meetiag olose with the secretary, Mr. J. B. Curois, at 6 o'clock this evening. " RoOu on CoRNe."-Ask for Wells', rough on corns. Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, banions. At chemists and drugaists. S CIIILDREN STARTING TO DEATH on account o0 their inabilit) to digest food will fid a most marvellous food and remedy in Scott's Emul. sion of Pnre Cod Liver Oil with Hypophao. phites. Very palatable, and easily digrtrdt Road the following testimonial:-" I iae Il. scribed ' Scott's Emulsion' in oases of clildrea suffering from wasting and maslnntrition, and can report most favourably of its good lffect; it has been in each asoe stakn mast readily. W. Pengr?s, M.R.O.S., Medical Superintendent, Burleigh Hospital. England." Any chemst can supply it. Prios, 5s and 2s Gd. Whole. sale by L. FAIRTOrcNEa AND SoN, St. Johb, street, Launceston. 