TUBF GOSSIP. Br Aooun. When it was notified that the V.R.C. had chosen the 31st of December instead of the 2nd ot January for its summer meeting, it was pointed ont that the latter date would have been preferable. Saturday Was neither a bank-nora "Government holiday, and the result was an attendance which by the mobt elastic stretch of the imagination could not have been considered large. That the selection was «y blunder was proved by the railway returns, whifch showed a faliing-off of 1,400 persons, as compared with last year. The V.R.C., however, was fortunate in one thing, and that was the weather, which was simply delightful. When there is not a crush atFlemington racing can been joyed asitshould be, and with plenty of elbow room on Satur day everybody had an opportunity of moving about in comfort The Norman by Stakes did not attract a large field, but Lonsdale was one of the number, and as he paraded the birdcage I thought a better looking two year old had never been seen in Australia, Glad stone is bigger in height, but the son of First King wonld measure him everywhere else, and probably beat him. ^onsdale is indeed the beau ideal of a Derby colt, and all going well with him he will prove a formidable foe to anything that may oppose him ,in the great three-year-old event. It did not sur prise me in the least to Bee Gladstone beat him; because Lonsdale bad to concede 141b., .bat it seemed to me that superior horseman ship had something to do with the result. The extraordinarysuccesswbich has attended the efforts of the horses bred by Sir Thomas Elder unuBt have a healthy in fluence upon the sale of the Morphetville yearlings when Mr. Elworthy brings them over to be disposed of by Messrs. W. C. Ynilie and Ca in March. Racing men will come from all quarters to procure them, and -if the Worthy Routh Australian breeder does not beat all his previous records, then he will not i map the reward he deserves The owner of/Double Acrostic could hardly hope toget nearer. than. .third, seeing that his filly had to put up a 141 b. penalty. Forest Queen ran all over the place, but she is a very pro mising youngster, and though none of the Sylvia fillies have proved; a success on the racecourse, this one may Jbe the exception. \ Old Lurline had a representative in the race, -and this was Lord Condooca. Although not built upon the same mahsive lines as Darebin or Motes, he is a welt-grown colt, and with his. action I think he is bound to race. Considering the short time Carey had had him in work, the colt was looking 'Well, but he was evidently far more backward than bis. opponents, and though 'be' displayed plenty of pace for half, the distance, Iub condition then failed him, and his jockey very properly did not persevere with him. It was the general impression that Mr. P. Hey wood could win the Hurdle Race with either Qcnlist or Leroy, and this opinion was evidently shared in by the owners of the .horses engaged, for, with the exception of Mr. Bradahaw, they all retired, find the owner of Sinkihg Fund thus had the satisfaction of winning a very welcome £40. ■ I -didn't make-much .of a mistake ii choosing The Forsaken, Harvester, and MotsaTt to fight it oht for .places in the Stan dish Handicap, for had not the first named tan very unkindly the three would have gained the situations, though Mozart would nave still been first. This, son of Napoleon is a brilliant .racehorse, and it is a pity his sire is not in one of the crack studs of Vic toria, for from all sorts of mares be gets them to gallop. Harvester ran a good horse, but he was clearly overmatched, for after Mozart had shaken off The Fotsakeu, the Tasmainau had the race in hand. Queen Mary, the dam of Mozart, is also the 4am of Sheet Anchor, and she is one of the mares that Mr. John Field sent to St Albans last season. Judging from the appearance of the foal now at her side, I think it more than probable that Bhe Will some day ctaim.anbther great racehorse. Don Giovan seemed to be going as well as anything save-the winner, up to the carriage paddock, and- -finished at the side of The Forsaken, who' was -fifth. It surprised me to see Yankee Grab* perform so brilliantly, and turn the tatties Jas he did on Kildare. The latter, however,' is far more at borne over the lighter country-of Gaul field, and Yankee Grab evidently prefers the firmer ground at Flemington. He flew the big fences like a bird, " iird, arid while* Kulkype hit and fell, he revelled in hia wotk, and beat Royal Oak with ridiculous ! ease. . His owner, however, didn't back himiorashiillng,and as the.public only touched him lightly, the ring reaped a rich harvest' Royal Oak Pearly came down when Kulkynefell. and this lost him a length or two, bnt ,nnder hb circumstances'could he have beaten the winner, who is a far better hone than he has been given credit foe. Kil dare, who had been clouting his fences, had all the steam taken ont of him by bitting the last one so heavily that tje carried away the best part pf the panel. Be recovered in a marvellous manner, .hut ..there was not another straggle in him. Mr. Martin Loughlin makes few mislakeB with his horses, and whenever he bfcdm them he is worth follow ing, for they geQeVally run into a place. Oak leigh teems tome to look better every time be comes to the postbo the still requirea a deal of riding, and be oould hardly have had ;a better pilot -than Ramage, -who won the double, arid if this jriekey keeps on the straight ^th' hr wpt make s fortune, for be •can rida jLS low nB. iabout. 7st 41b., ghd has :few, if gpy superiors as a horseman. . Affluence ran fairly well, but be only just beat Dunlop, who-performed like a first-class 'racehorse, and hadtte distance been another -furlong, I belieVethhtop weight would have stretched the neck'bf thejwnner, for he was going very fmt at,the finish, The Criterion Stakes resulCedin a surprise even to the winner's trainer, TothUL Fincio, who is ;a full brother to Menotti, won so easily that (he must be<* really fatt odt, nod it la a pity ihiB party wpte not ,oh, though it was for ' onate forthp boomriakera, who had hadonly ne other thto^imagring-the day,; arid that ;aa in the titeeptechase, which proved very trow to those who plunged -on to Royal and Ktidam An at Caulfield, no-at Flemingbon, the only Victorian-bred borae that Won Coring the 'jdfiy woa hoof. - Gl#d-' stone tsd Pincio wefre "bred by SjtTbomaB Elder in South AnatraliB, whi<jb eolonyatso datiiu Yankee Qrab; OaHeighhnila from New South Wales, and Ifosartfrom Tas mania. There was some snspicionh running daring the afternoon, and it has suggested the following doggrel tinea ■ last Saturday, seme oynies say, Th'ejr nv a deal of shunting. A nod or wink is good, I think, For those who go a-punting. Itaeraw to me the F.IkOL— At least its supervisors— Should now bark baolc, and search the track, For horses' split incisors. There I declare—in fact. III swaar— By-th'infallible system solar, . Or by the mass/that on the grass They'll find many a hone's molar. £ow punters all, both great and small. Remember what they're taught 'em, The quadruped, whose teeth are shed, . Bane always best in autumn. Sydney Tnttersall's had a most successful meeting, and the lands of the dab mast have been materially increased, for the attend ance on each day was (for Randwick) enormous. The Hon. James White having had to play second fiddle in the weight-for age races at the V.RC. meeting, turned his attention to handicaps, with marked success, for his filly Acme was the heroine of the occasion. This daughter of Chester was one. of the best two year olds I ever saw, but she ran moderately as a three, and there was a general opinion that she had lost her form. Best, however, seems to have had the desired effect, and Bhe- not Only proved that her brilliant speed is unimpaired, but also that jehe can Btay, which latter quality baa not been one of the characteristics of the Chester family, though I have never wavered in my faith in the grand old son of Yattendon as a sire.: Acme's performances were not sensational, inasmuch as, on' the ■ strength of her numerous defeats, Mr. Scare had treated her very leniently. Neverthe less, it was more than a respectable perform ance to win the Carrington Stakes and T&t; teraali's Cap.. Mr. White Mbo scored a victory with Volcano, who was on his best course in the Flying Handicap. It ia said, however, that there was one in the race that conld have beaten him, bat he retreated gracefully below the distance What was it! When Lady Betty was beaten so e&Bily; by Consequence and Wycombe on Boxing Day I was satisfied that she could not have been herself. . Her easy victory in the Lady Car rington Prize proved this, albeit the fact of Conseqaencehavingcarried7ib. more must not be overlooked. It would have been pleasant indeed to Mr. Daniel Cooper to have received Mr. W. Gannon's handsome trophy, for which his colt Bowmont made snch a bold bid. This son of St. Albans is yet destined to do a good thing, and probably this season. He has improved rapidly of late, and may yet bearont the good opinion formed of him as a two. year-old. New South Wales seems to be pretty well out oi it in the races for javeniles, for even the Selling Race tell to a Victorian bred one, Cinaron, by Lothair from Hypatia, the dam ot Bos. This colt was purchased at Mr. Crozier's sale tor 50 guineas, by J. Monagh&n;, on the same day that Mr. W. Cooper gave 350 for Lady Betty. All the pleasure was . taken ont of the second day's raciog by the terrible accident that befel poor Alick Robertson, whose skull was fractured so badly by the fall he received that he died at 7 o'clock on the following morning. The news of his death cast quite a gloom over the Bporting world of Mel bourne, for there was no better-respected jockey than Robertson, who was born in Geelong in the year 1860. He commenced life very early among horses in the service of a Mr. Matthews, who had the contract for carrying the mails between Geelong and the country districts. After he had been 18 months at this he caught the eye of Mr. D. O'Toole, the respected clerk of the course of the Geelong Racing Club, and he suggested that Robertson should become a jockey. He readily accepted the offer, and in the follow ing week be had a mount on old Novice, who has figured in many races, and now carries bis owner when performing his duties at the Geelong meetings. From Geelong Robert-1 son journeyed to Colac, gnd there entered the service of Mr. Archer, who kept a horse . bsz^r, . and while with him he learned to ndfc well over timber, and though only scaling 6st 7ih, he acted as whip to the local hounds. It was at Colac that he scored his first wih, on the back of Mr. J. J. Der rick's Vanish. This was in 1875, and in the year 1876 he 'found his way to Melbourne for tbefifst thne, and Mr. W. E. Dakin engaged hint to ri{le work. For two years he remained with Mr. Dakin, bat his riding was pretty well confined to exercise on the training track. Subsequently he worked for Mr. Selman and Mr. S. G. Cook, and then packed up his traps and -went to Deniliquin, where his services were in great request In all the towns of Riverina he rode often with varying success, and eventually he got as far north as Cooper's Creek. While there he and a companion purchased a pretty fair animal, with whom they made their way south, and what with winning a few matches and races on the road, they dill very well. After three years' absence tromthe metropolis Robertson was glad to get back, and then he entered the Bervice of Mr. Jos. Dnffett as head lad. Mr. John Leek had previonsly recognised his ability as a horseman, and as he had got a little Btring together, he made the rising young jockey an offer which was accepted, and. Robertson's first mount in his colours was on the back of Bell&drnm; in the Adelaide Cup. which was won by Euclid, -Commotion, Pollio, and Bell&drnm; running a dead heat for second -ilarva In fnltnvinir nm^nn he hmmn In attract general attention. One ot his beat efforts was made on Colstoun, who tan a dead beat with Baron Von Mueller in the V.AT.Cl Christinas Handicap, and in the rah-off Colstoun won. He rode a capital race oh the same colt in the Newmarket, and was only beaten a short head by Tyropean, though had not Colstoun been galloped on be most have won, In May he rode Colstoun to victory in the Goodwood Handicap, run at the 8.A.J.C. Autumn Meeting. A abort time after this he-sfarted onhis'.pwh account, and at once'came into the fiodj^rahk. though be fore leaving Mr. Leek he was victorious on Phantom more thai*1 bnce. He won the Brunswick Stakes ' oh Ahglesea for Mr. & O. Cook. . In 1884 be was selected by Mr. J. O, Inglis to ride Malua, and they opened the partnerehipby winning thi Spring St&keaht; the AJ-C- Shrins meeting, bat the sohwPISt Albans was sbfinething Jike 211b, belbw his proper form, and was defeated by Sir Modred in the-Craven Plate.and by Off Colour in the Rand wick Plate. Robertson's .next mount *>n M&lna; was in the Melbourne Cup, which he won cleverly, and the artistic manner in which he handled the same horse and won, the Australian /Cup thtist be ftfah in the memories of -all - who Were gpsesent on; qfta day. <Sk{aallyhtillhmft |)dM%le berfbtmattce. on Ringviood when he vtonlhs Australian ~ ofl«85, hiarhleh year he 'fcleo won the imd'Derwtotffkrt*^ >ibe mm* jrh^eeas^^^^eatua akmk sritfa^r 'JjettoeaV hthhte,nand^bi|> Stakes. Numerous other rae^ Vire wtm by Robertson, whoeommenced thjrseason of1886-7 Aaspteionaly'by winning Hie Metropolitan on Bohemian/ atad he was on the hick of TrCirton when ibis great eon ofMusket per formed so brilliantly in his various Tacfes. When Mr. W. Coopers horses were trans ferred from T. Latnond to L Fonlsham Robertson was still retained, end his latest victories were achieved in the orange jacket on the backs of Siivermine and Lady Betty, his last win having been made on Hie daughter of St. Albans in the Lady Oftrrington Prize. Siivermine was an unfortunate horse for him, though he was a great favourite ot his. Robertson was popular with Hie public and the members of his own profession, his quiet, unassuming manner being in striking contrast to the flashness of many other jockeys who do not possess one tithe of his ability; and no mem ber of the riding fraternity will be more sadly thisBed than " the old judge," as he was reverently called by all classes of turfmen. Tit* «wSm<\i*ia4 2— *■ — - --1-* - —* 1 - ' *«c wiuwwou uiuiiucr u iu nernuie Knei at the death of her son, who was her main, rapport Robertson also leaves a widow to mourn her loss. It was at first intended to bury the deceased jockey in the Geelong cemetery, but ultimately his friends decided that his remains should be interred in the Waverley cemetery, where a large concourse of people assembled to see the last of poor little Alick. Tears ago it was pointed out that there was something defective in the bend of the Rand wick course. A great majority of the serious accidents have taken place between the three-furlongs post and the turn. It was near where Silvermine fell that Morpeth, Despot, and many others came to grief, and it - behoves the A. J.C. to posh on with the new course as quickly as possible, so that the chances of accident may be reduced to a minimum. The following is a list of the winners and the prizes won at Tattersali's annual race meetingHon. Jas. White, £1,569; Mr. W. Cooper, £490:-Hon. W. A. Long, £300; Messrs. S. A. Blackman, £223; Mr. H. Oxen ham, £250; Mr. J. Fielder, £171; Mr. J. Malone, £165; Me. A. E. Cornwall, £150; Mr. S. R Kennedy, £150: Mr. J. Cox, £146; Mr. J. Monaghan, £125; Mr. J. Mayo, £120; Mr. D. Cooper, £50; Mr. W. Gannon, £50; Mr. J. Shore, £50; Mr. J. Dick, £30; Mr. J. Northern. £30; Mr. M. Kelly, £25; Me. J. Cook, £25; Mr. G. B. Rowley, £25. Total, £4,103. The attention of purchasers for the Indian market is directed to the sale of horses which Messrs. Allen and Goymour will hold at Kingston, South Australia., on Friday and Saturday next, January 13 and 14. On those dates 200 head wjll be submitted, but they will hold a still more important sale at Robe on Tuesday and Wednesday, January 17 and 18, when 300 horses will be disposed of. This lot will include 50 colts and fillies from Mr. Hayes's Bagdad Stud, all four years old, and they are aaid to be a very fine draft, especially suited for the Indian market I would also remind intending pnrchasers that Messrs. Campbell and Sons great sale will be held at Wodonga on Thursday and Friday, the 12th and 13th Jannary, when they will submit no leas than 400 horses from the studs of Messrs. H. J. Bowler, T. B. Waters, Boyle, Paton, .and many other North Eastern breeders. Nearly every description of horse will be submitted, the lot including some very fine animals that Bhonld suit our Indian traders. Another sale which deserves notice is that to be held by Messrs. Sparke and Clif^ at Campbeli's-hill, New South Wales, on Friday next, when the entire stud of the late Mt D. F. Mackay will be disposed of. It in cludes a number of thoroughbred mares with foals at foot by Grandmaster and the New Zealand horse Welcome Jack, and they are stinted to the latter. The yearlings are by Sir Modred, Grandmaster, and Kara. The first-named will be remembered as the very fine son of Tradncer, who showed such splendid form in his own country and Aus tralia. Messrs. Brown Brothers, of Sydney, will hold a sale of horses at the Agricultural Society's grounds, Singleton, on Wednesday next, January 11, when drafts from the well known Neotefield and Myall Creek Btnds of the Messrs. Dangar will be disposed oL Mr. Clibborn held a sale of racehorses in Sydney on Tuesday, bnt the majority of the valnable animals were withdrawn. Allandale was sold to Mr. S- Fielder for 230 guineas, Sic Garnet to Mr. Johns for 45 guineas, Turbu lent to Mr. Cosgrove for 32 guineas, Mary Anderson to Mr. J. EL Jones for 50 gaineas, and The Star to Mr. Steenson for 30 guineas. The Ballarat Miners' Tnrf Club will bold, another meeting on the 26th January. A. programme comprising seven events has been published, the principal item being the Centennial Handicap of 75 so vs., about onp mile and a distance. It also includes a Steeplechase of 50 so vs., Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., Trial Stakes of 25 sovs., Selling Race of 20sovs.jSelling Hurdle Race of 25sots., and Time Handicap Trot of 20 sovs. Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mx, R. T. Moore, on the 16th January. ■*' By the mail steamer I leam that at the Calcutta Sky races the Australian gelding Canlfield won the Sydney Stakes. He carried 10st 71b., and beat the English horse Pad!ock(10at 31h), Brinkman, The Ghost, and other Australians.1 Canlfield is, I presume, the Victorian-bred horse who once belonged to Mr. E. Weeks. If so, he is by Newminster from Belief, and as a three-year-old he won a Maiden Plate at Moonee Valley. Kate Coventry, who must be a pretty aged mare, retains some of her form, for she won the Kidderpore Parse. The Grand Annual Dniut nnd UTaaiHsswI 'Pnts1 tiiOM IJ.IUUH« nuu VL7S. TI wurau^ vh|» if^ won by Rescue and Saxon respectively. ' , From the Victorian Trotting Club, the Minister of Lands has receivedenother written application for tin extension of the lease of J^terpwib&park;, the club nnderi taking to indemnity, the Government in re. gard to the action'ip the Supreme Court, which is threatened by the reskfoute of the district to test,the iegality bf ietpptf Jt public * cucnm. park to the clab.' Under thai _ stances pf the Case Mr. DCw foels that the application is one' for the consideration, Of toejCsbinc'i ana it will be subj^tted auer the opinion of the Attorney-General stunlt h&vepeeti; obtained on the legal twpects of " Itla an:Iil *fod that blows nobody good.1? WebsdaniUnsteation of this on Monday;, v^n-Moonee Vfrlfoy attratted —— visitors th&n; _lfttle contained before; 1 wt. COxy general Aat hp. is, was advantage of the foolish the V. B.C.. and when ;T leading' qui) had cnosep " euojmer' , . v* Hatgrave winning easily. He then came oat for the New Year's Gift, and in a far snperior field, ran a great race .with Looise Berta. When Moore, who is not very popular with the~"pubiic, returned to the enclosure, he received a demonstration which could hardly have been palatable, for the people yelled themselves hoarse and called him everything. As a role on race courses the vox poptdi is justly raised against apparent swindles, but in this case 1 doubt if there was a real cause for the ebullition. The owner of the horse backed him for the Selling Race, and did not put a shilling on him for the New Year's Gift, but the public also supported him for the first event in which he ran, and naturally enough they gave vent to their feelings when they saw such a marvellous reversal of form. It is fortunate for Moore that R&onl; is an arrant rogue, or I should certainly have re garded the reception he met with as richly deserved, and would have been surprised at the stewards taking no notice of such run ning. As it was, it would have been just as well had they asked ior an explanation, for as the general pnblic believed the horse belonged to one of themselves, they con sidered the case had been passed over cavalierly. Everybody was glad to see a straight-goer like Mr. L. L. Smith success ful in the chief race of the day. His filly | commenced badly, being a trifle sore, but when she set going she quickly picked up her ground, ana won cleverly. Bat for the accident to Courage and Landseer the Hurdle Race would have provided a most interesting contest, though nothing conld hare beaten Aristides, who now is quite in his old form. The protest against Aristides resulted in a dismissal, and the objector was fined £5 for entering a frivolous protest. 1 didn't notice the horse go inside, bat several: trustworthy spectators declared that he did, : while others maintained that he did nob Mr. Harper was not at all satisfied with the decision, and he has appealed to the V.R.C. against ib Beryl cleverly disposed of Yan Yean in the Disposal Stakes, and as the Hon. W. Pearson gave £103 ior the winner, and Margrave bad been bonght in for 100 sovs., Mr. Cox made five sovereigns I dear out of the selling races. Gasburner fairly spread-eagled his field in the Ascot Handi cap, and displayed far different form to that which he showed at Williamstown, where he was not backed for a shilling, while at Moonee Valley they "had it all on." Mr. Glasscock had a slice of bad luck in the Hurdle Race, for Courage broke his leg, and bad to be sbob It is a canons coinci dence that at the very same hurdle some time ago a similar fate befel his horse Steersman. That Nelson has not lost his form he conclusively demonstrated at the Auckland meeting, where he carried 9sb 121b., and won the Auckland Cup. It is indeed gratifying to Bee this Victorian-bred horse once more him self To Clogs, wbo was second, he was con ceding 2sb 4Jh, and to Sextanb who was third, 2at; so that the performance was a meritorious oue, and quite up to his old Btandard. Horses that were well known on Victorian courses figured with credit at the Perth meeting, the chief racing fixture of Western Australia. I notice that Harridan won a couple of races, and Baron Neckar, who was also bred at Morphetville, seems to have finished an easy first in the Perth Cup, bat was disqualified for an alleged cross, Tele phone being declared the winner, while Metal gained second honours. Duration also started, but did not show to advantage, the big black palling up lama It could hardly have been serions, or bis owner would cot have pulled him ont cm the follow ing day. Telephone is a South Australian bred horse, ne having been raised in the paddock of Messrs. Robertson Brothers. He is by The Englishman from the imported mare Cats paw, by Beadsman from Typhoon. He also won tne Ladies' Purse, and Harridan, who is by Darriwell from Meg Merrilies, won the Derby, but Metal was the hero of the Becond day, for he won the Queen's Plate of three miles, beating Duration and others, and then came ont and appropriated the Flying Stakes. This horse was bred by Mr. S. Gardiner at Bundoora-park, and. is by Tubal Cain bom Stockrose, by Tom King from Rosemary, by StockwelL He ran pretty well several times while Mr. James Redfeam had him, bnt never gained a winning bracket. I remember a trainer from India who was in search ot a maiden-plater being once recom mended to boy bim and Remus, before the latter won, but he didn't care for either, the former, he declared, being gone in the back. 1 think if thfcte is one horse sonnder than any "other it is Metal, who, now that he is thoroughly; seasoned, will win many more races for Mr. Hasselj. Bacchua Marsh will attract a big crowd from tire metropolis to-day. The secretary informs me that-ample provision has been made to convey visitors from the railway to the course, po that there will not.be the same cause for complaint that there was at the iast meeting." Mr. Skinner will cater, and there is a prospect of good fields and interest ing racing, bo that those who . visit this picthresqne district are likely to have a real good time. -. For the Flying Handicap I fancy rhlnrin Chronograph, and Munwyrtina. i or Avon may win the Hurdle Race, _ Jdreas or Lady's Maid the Selling Race, I 10, Stafford, or Jim Cain the Bacchus i Cup; and Chronograph, Carnival, or j the Final'Flatten, Mr. Scaxr was on time with the weights for the Sydney Turf Clnb Apnivereary Handicap, and he htisfMp given tiaH writers a difficult nut to cradt in the adedmn of a probable Winner. Fm glad to see tbat Trenton has not been handicapped oht' of it, and if he |>e hitoself, beWlf carry! hifl 9st. 101b. very Danlop, too, at Oat 71b., show, and, oyerpncb a course, " " treafedat Set Sib.; so, . bo, I'think, Will' nearly, .After bis jrecent victories "hile could hardly expect for Ida filfy, and Spade a Brown, Lord Wilton, ! Jewel, end Ben Bolt all Nor is The Lerite f at8st 4lb. Then those that strike dangerous are—First Chester, st Flaneur, Keith, Phaon, Blair-' »ol0, Stiver Jaing, ana wuieroo. t 'flay I shall fmdfcavonr to pick ^seejneaily a^ai^'^rlhose proei*cts . . i te hoe/ though at present me as the most like a vellnp to 9sfi, end the Crooke, bim in members, end it showed a dear profit of £66 la. 4d- from the last meeting. Captain Baxter waa appointed president, and Messrs. W. It Irvine and Alfred Jones vice-presi dents, Mr. J. S. Adams hon. secretary, and Messrs. A. Jones, G. M'Lear, 6. Stuart, and Captain Barter stewards ; Mr. A. Jones judge, Mr. A. Downward starter, Mr. J. D. Curran derk oi the scales, and Mr. G. Vowles handi capper. The programme was framed for the next meeting, and will Bhortly be published. The prices realised at the sale of Messrs. Chirnaide'a, Mitchell's, and Brown's horses last Friday were not very high. Curiously enough, the highest price paid was for an animal that belongs to abont the most unsuccessful family in the whole of Australasia. This was Procella, a very fine mare to look at, but the Seagnll family has been so consistently unsuccessful, that if I had been a purchaser, I would have preferred some of Mr. Chim eide's or Mr. Brown's, which did not fetch a third of the price. The letter's, however, were not in good condition; but the blood was there, and those who bought got some bargains. Of Mr. Cbirnside's lot I liked nothing so well ss Miladi, who was knocked down to Mr. Hi Haines. He was, I believe, purchas ing for Mr. J. S. Smith, of New Sontn Wales. Mr. J. Harper got Seaksle cheap enough. Mr. James Mitchell sent a very nice lot of yearlings into the ring, bnt the prices realised were hardly payable. Messrs. G. Glasscock and J. Cripps purchased the lot, and as they all look speedy they are bonnd to make them pay. Mi. Thomas Jordan's fillies were very promising, and were worth doable the money paid for them. English turf statistics show that the greatest winner in stakes dnring the past season was Mr. Abington with £20,124. Then follow Mr. D. Baird, £16,619 ; Mr. Manton, £16,116; Dnke of Beanfort, £15,573; Mr. Vyner, £15,358 ; Lord Calthorpe, £13,327 ; General O. Williams, £11,734 ; and Sir F. Johnstone, £11,173. Among jockeys, Charles Wood, aiter filling second place to the late Fred Archer for seven years, tabes first honours with 151 wins in 510 mounts. Next to bim is J. Watts with 110 wins ; then G. Barrett with 106 ; S. Loates, 81; F. Barrett, 72 ; and W. Robinson, 63 wins. Among the advertisements this week will be found the conditions of the principal races to be ran at the Albnry Racing Clnb meeting on the 16th and 17th March. The Hurdle Race of 40 so vs. is one, bnt the chief item is the Albnry Cnp of 100 bo vs., and this year this race will be farther enhanced in value by the generosity ot Mr. T. H. Mate, who will present the owner of the winner with a gold cup, value 125 bovb. This ought to "catch on," as our American friends wonld say. The St. Patrick's Handicap of 100 so vs. and the Steeplechase of 60 bovb. are the other events, and entries for the fonr will be received by the hon. secretary, Mr. C. Ten Brink, on the 15th February. i J. Williams is baring fonr boxes bnilt at Canlfield, and I believe they will shortly be [ occupied by horses belonging to Mr; H. Haines. T. Coffey, who has given up his training stables at Flemington, has taken an hotel at Howlong. on the other side of the Murray, and as there iB a good track hard by, he will probably have a few in training. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. report baring sold Master Jack, by The Diver, and be goes into Tolly's stable. Walter Hickenbotham, one of the most painstaking of oar trainers, has a couple of boxes vacant, and I can confidently recom mend him to anybody who has a horse or two to train. Martin O'Brien met with a very serious accident on Tuesday morning. He was riding a chastnut Galloway ot Mr. Joseph Harper, jam's, when something frightened bim, and he bolted into the yard. Inroshing through the gate O'Brien's right came in contact with one of the posts, and was badly injnred above the knee. The Seymour Race Club meeting will take place on Wednesday, February 22. Six events are included in the programme, the principal one being the Seymour Cup of 50 sovs., and Messrs. C. E. Walider and J. De Groot will present the owner of the winner with a trophy valne 15 guineas. Entries for this, as well as the Maiden Hurdle Race, Handicap Hurdle Race, and Flying Handicap will close with the hon. secretary, Mr. W. EL Tristan, on the 7th February. At the Navarre races on the 2nd January Walnut won the Maiden Plate, CincinnatUs the Flying Handicap, Boy in Bine the Selling Race, .Not Mnch the Navarre Handicap, Watnnt the Forced Handicap, and War Cry the Scarry. Harbinger ran in the Navarre Handicap, bnt could not get any nearer than third. Messrs. W. C. Ynille and Co. held a sale of horses at Tatters&U;'s on Wednesday. There was not a numerous attendance, and several lots were withdraw n. Amongst the principal sales were a black filly, by Napoleon— | John Secret, 3 yra, Mr. A. L. Johnson, 25 guineas; Nabob, black gelding, aged, by Napoleon— Prudence, Mr. N. Campbell, 22J guineas; a three-year-old trotting filly, by Granger, was bought by Mr. Green for 25 guineas; whilst the steeplechaser Brown Eagle was knocked down for 6 guineas. Messrs. W. C. Ynille and Co. announce that they will dispose of the St A1 ban's year lings on Friday, the 2nd of March, the day before the V.R.C. St Leger; and on the fol lowing Friday they will dispose of batches on behalf of Sir Thomas Elder, and Messrs. W. Blackler, Robertson Brothers, T. Jordan, EL Phillips, S. Gardiner, J. V, Smith, and Cbiraside. That eccentric performer Baonl, who was sold to be delivered after the Moonee Valley meeting, has gone into T. Jones's stable; Messrs. Krcroose and H. Madden have shipped 267 well-bred horses for India by the steamehip Bandbnra. Amongst them ia The Judge, who was once the property of the late, Alec Robertson. / ... N. Campbell has requested jme to staff that he, and he alone, is the lessee of Mozart, he baring a written agreement with his owner that he ebonld haveihe racing ot the horse for a term. Ihear that Mr. ,Harper has .lodged a pro test against the stakes for the Moonee Valley Hurdle Race bring piaid to Aristidea, and has asked to have the .case re-opened. T^e Moonee Valley bill for the 28th January appears this week. It contains six events, viz.;—Maiden Plate, of 50 sovs.; La Rose Handicap, of 50 soys.; Hnrdle Race, of 60 sovs.; Corinthian Handicap, of 50 sovs.; foiling Race, of 50 soys.; and Le Roi Handi cap, o!75sovs. Entries close on the 23rd January. . More raring agony. Hherwood-psrk is to. be turned into a racecourse, apd the open ing sneering Will take place on f»y27th January. . s' .• yfo_N«uurkah- Turf. (Bub programme ~ vf20 aova. n _ ,... _.... wtelL ana fons will, , ftwar, i*!— L-pn ,3taadbr,fftiUlr .bjrlVehom feomj 50 guineas, remarking that if anybody would not bid beyond that, ne would make the filly a present to the widowed mother of Alec Robertson. Nobody bid, and the filly will, 1 believe, be raffled on the art-onion principle on behalf of kin. Robertson. The entries for the Newmarket Handicap and Anstr&lian; Cnp show a slight failing-off from last year, the numbers for the former being 99 against 108, and tor the latter 47 against 48. I am rather disappointed at not Bering Mr. G. G. Stead's name in the list He had forwarded his entries, with cheque, to a friend some days before the closing, Lochiel, Rnssley, Maxim, Sextant, and Gipsy King, for the Newmarket and all of these except Ros8ley for the Australian Cop, but on Mon ! day he wired not to nominate, as some of his horses had gone wrong. Had these New Ze&landera; been included, the interest in both races wonld have been greatly increased. It will be observed that Mr. J. 0. Inglis has nominated Malna for both races. Trenton 1 is in the Australian Cap, and everybody will be glad to aee Mr. Cooper's crack once more at Flemington. New South Wales again shows a bold front in both races, and every body will be glad to see that the New Zea land crack Nelson figures in the Australian Can. Fusee, Escutcheon, and Whakawai are the other New Zealand nominations. Mr. H. Skinner has been re-appointed caterer to the Victoria Trotting Club. The foil list of the Hobartville yearlings to be disposed of by Mr. T. S Clibborn on the 18th January appears this vyeek. Altogether there are €5 thoroughbreds, 34 fillies, and 31 colts. The rires represented are Maribyr nong, Cheviot, Epigram, Grand Flaneur, Somnus, Monmouth, Kingsborough, Fergus L, Sardonyx, and Moorthorpe. Next week 2 shall enter folly into their merits. . The entries for the Geelong Racing Club meeting are not so good as the club deserved. There are 22 in tbe Geelong Cup, but nothing first-class, Gardenia and The Levite being the best of them. For the Geelong Handicap only 21 have been nominated, and there are 10 in the Hurdle Race, 20 in the Railway Handicap, 20 in toe Grand Stand Stakea, 7 in the Jovenile Stakes, and 9 in the Steeple chase, while 8 remain in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and 23 in the Foal, many of the hones in the latter race being left in by mistake. On Thursday next there will be a mixed meeting at Hnrlingham-park. Very fair entries have been received, and Bome good sport with the ponies is anticipated. - Settling over the V.R.C. and Moonee Valley meetings took place on Tuesday and Wednesday, it was not at all satisfactory, for one bookmaker, who, it was asserted, "went for the gloves " over the Bagot Handi cap, was amongst the missing, and 1 believe several prominent backers have been left lamenting, the layer's deficiencies being over £1,000. ft is said that although the party was not licensed by tbe V.R.C. he was allowed to bet in toe enclosure. Licensed or not licensed, the V.R.C. has admitted too many into its ranks, and if the "bear gar den " goes on increasing as it has during tbe past.two years, then Flemington will be, as I've told them before, a place to give a wide berth to, and the present members of com mittee will be to blame. Several of the leading Victorian jockeys are of opinion that Alec Robertson's remains should have been deposited in the Geelong cemetery, and T, Corngan has requested me to state that he will subscribe £25 towards any expense that may be incurred in ex huming toe body and conveying it to what he and others believe to be its proper resting place. They consider, and I am with them, that the deceased jockey should be buried in the cemetery nearest the home of his widowed mother, and there are few, I think, who will not agree with them. Ambassador, the sire of Dufferin, has been sold to go to Queensland, Mr. J. H. Howie being the purchaser. On Monday, at Kirk'sEBazaar, Messrs. Campbell and Sons will dispose of a lot of racing saddles, clothing, &c.;,|the property of a sporting man who is giving np racing. The mare Benzine will be disposed of at the same time. Mr. Bradshaw had a very pleasant little meetmgZ&t; his Richfield course on Tuesday. The stakes will be paid over at toe V. A.T.C. office on Monday. The Sherwood-park programme appears among the late advertisements. I would point oat that the entrance and acceptance toes for tbe Hurdle Race are above 5 per cent 