DEAD MAN'S HOCK: A ROMANCE ; BY Q [Published by special arran<remen!! with Messrs Casiell & Co. All rights reserved.] BOOK II,-THE FINDING- OF THE GREA.T RUBY. CHAPTER X.-(Continued,) '' Let me go on. As if that deed wore not foul enough, he caused the old prie3t to carve-being skilful with the chisel that vile distortion of his dead friend's face out of a huge boulder lying by, andfchen murdered him too for the ruby's sake and tumbled their bodies into the trough together. Such was Amos Treno weth. Are you proud of your descent ? " I never saw my father. I was not bom until three months after this, and not until I was ten years old did my mother tell me of his fate. "Your grandfather was a fool, Jaapar Trenoweth, to despise her, for she was young then and she could wait. She waa beautiful then, and Amos Trenoweth him self had loved her. What is she now'{ Speak, for you have seen her." j As he spoke I seemed to see again that yellow face, those awful soulless eyes, and hear her laugh as she gazsd down from the box upon my dying love. " Ah, beauty goes. It went for ever on that day when Amos Trenoweth spat in her face and taunted her as she c\ung to the body of her husband. Beauty goes, but revenge can wait; to night it has come ; to night a thousand dead men's ghosts fell all be glad, and point at your body as it goes tossing out to sea. To night-but let me tell the rest in a word or two, for time presses. How I was brought up, how my mad mother-for she is mad on every point but one trained me to the sea, how I left it at length and became an attorney's clerk all this I need not dwell upon. But all this time the thought of revenge never left me for an hour; and if it had my mother would have recalled it. ' * Well, we settled in Plymouth and I was bound a clerk to your grandfather's attorney, still with the same purpose. There i learnt of Amos Treno weth's affaire, but only to a certain extent, for of the wealth which he had so bloodily won I could discover nothing ; and yet I knew he possessed riches which make the heart faint even to think upon. Yet for all I could discover his possessions were simply those of a struggling farmer, his business absolutely nothing. I was almost despe rate when one day a tail, gaunt, and aged man stepped into the office, asked for my employer, and gave the name of Amos Trenoweth. Oh, how I longed to kill him as he stood there ! And how little did he gue.°s that the clerk of whom he took no more notice than of a stone would one day strike his descendants off the face of the earth and inherit the wealth for which ne had sold his soul-the great ruby of Ceylon! " My voice trembled with hate a3 I announced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and listened. He was unea?y about hi3 will -the fcol-and did not know that all his possessions would necessarily become his son's. In my heart I laughed at his igno rance ; but I learnt enough-enough to wait patiently for years and finally to to track Ezekiel Trenw6th to his daath. " It was about this time that I fell in love. In this a3 in everything through life I have been cursed with the fouleat luck ; but in this as in everything else my patience has won in the end. Lucy Lut trell loved another man callcd Railton John Railton. He waa another fool you are all fools-but she married him and had a daughter. I wonder if you can guess who that daughter was ?" He broke off and looked at me with fiendish malice. '? You hound !'! I cried, " she waa Janet > Kailton-Claire Luttreli ; and you mur dered her father as you s?y Amos Trs i.oweth murdered yours." " Eight," he answered coolly. " Qaite right. Oh, the arts by which I enticed that man to drink and then to crime ! Even now I could sit and laugh ovor them by the hour. Why, man, there was not a touch of guile in the fellow when I took him in hand,and yet it was he that afterwards took your father's life. He tried it once In Bombay, and bungled it sadly ; he did it neatly enough, though, on the jibboom of the Belle Fortune. I lent him the knife ; 1 would have done it myself, but Bail ton was nearer ; and besides it is always better to be a witness." What was that rustling sound behind the partition ? Colliver did not hear it, at any rate, but went on with hin tale, and though his eyes woro dancing flames of hate his voice was calm now as ever. "1 bad stolen half the clasp before hand from the cabin floor where that stu pendous idiot, Ezokiel Trenoweth, hid elropped it. Railton caught him before he dropped, but I did not know lie had time to get the box away, for just then a huge wave broke over us, and before the next we both jumped for the rook, I thought that Kailton must have been sucked b:icir, for 1 only clang on myself by the luckiest chance. It waa pitch daik ai..d impossible to seo. I called his name, but he either could n -A hear for the loax or did not choose to ans .var, so after a bit I stopped. I thought him def>d, and ho no doubt thought me dead, until we met upon Dead Man's Rock. "Shall I finish? 0I\, yes, you shall hear the whole story. After the inquest I cscapcd back to Plymouth, told Lacy ' that her husband had been drowned at eta, and finally persuaded her to leive Pljmouth and marry me Sol triauiphed there, too. Oh. yes, I have triumphed tliri.naliout." "You hound I cried. He laughed a low musical laugh, and went on again-. " Ah, yes, you are angry of course ; but I let that pass. I have one accouut to settle with you Trenowatha, and that is enough for me. Three times have I had you in my power, Mr. Jasper Tre noweth-three times or four-and let you escape. Once beneath Dead Man's Rock, when I had my fingers on your young weasand and was sLopped by those cursed fishermen. Idiots that they wera, they thought the sight of me had frightened ycu and made you faint. Faint ! You would have been dead in another half minute. How I laughed in my sleeve while that uncle of yours was trying to make me understand - me - what was my name then ? - oh, ay, Giorgio Rhoclojani. However, you e3caped that time ; and once more you hardly guessed hew near yon were to death when I locked in at the window on the night after the request. Why, in my mind I was tossing up whether or not I should murder you and your white - faced mother. I should have done eo, but thought yon might hold some knowledge of the secret after your, meeting with Railton, so that it seemed better to bide my time." " If it be any satisfaction to you," I in terrupted, " to know that had you killed me then you would never have lain hands on that clasp yonder, your are welcome to it." "It !?," he answered. "I am glad I did not kill you b^th ; it left your mother time to see her dead husband, and has given me the pleasure of killing you now ; the treat improves with keeping. Well, let me go on. After that I was forceel to leave the country for some time " " For another piece of villainy, which your wife discovered." " How do you know that? Oh, from Claire, 1 suppose-however, it does not matter. When I came back I found you ; found you, and struck again. But again my cursed luck stood in my way and that damned friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at this mark on my cheek." "Look at the clasp and you will see where your blow was struck." " Ah, that was it, was it ?" he said, exa mining the clasp slowly. I suppose yoa thought it lucky at the time. So it was for me. For, though 1 made another mis take in the fog that night I got qaita with your friend at any rase. I have chafed often enough at these failures, but it hi? all come right in the end. I ought to have killed your father upon Adam's Peak ; but he was a big man. while I had no pistol and could not afford to risk a mistake. Everything, they sa.y, comes to the man who can wait. 1' our father did not escape, neither will you ; and when I think of the joy it was to me to know that you and Claire, of all people " But I would hear no more; Mad as I was with shame and horror for my grind father's cruelty, I knew this man, not withstanding his talk of revenge, to be a vile and treacherous scoundrel. So when he Bpoke of Claire I burst forth " Dog, this is enough. I have listened to your tale. But when you talk of Claire -Claire whom you killed to-night-then, dog, I spit upon you. Kill me, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed me; kill me; use your knife, for I will shout " With a dreadful snarl he was on me and smote me across the face. Then as I con tinued to call and shout, struck me one fearful blow behind the ear. I remember that the dim lamp shot out a streak of blood-red flame, the cabin was lit for one brief instant with a flash of fire, a thou sand lights darted out, and then-then carue utter blackness-a vague sensation of being caught up and carried, of pillag ing down-down .... (To be continued:) 