KILMORE COURSING CLUB. The cpening meeting of the above club was run off on Monday last, on the Golden Vein Estate, Moranding, kindly placed at the disposal of the club by Hay Lonie, Esq. The- meeting was a complete success in point of attendance and quality of courses. Fifteen nominations at 10s Gd each were re ceived-a very fair entry when the dryness of the seascn is considered, as owners of valuable hounds do not care to course them on the hard dry ground, that is now only available. Mr Smeaton was rather unfortu nate at the manner in which his fawn dog Mint was put out by Mr Mullin's blk and wh slut Bashful Bess, who ran up in the final course. Mint had won the course when Mr Kelly's dlog Kiltime joined and killed the hare. :The judge declared it a " no go" and the dogs were slipped again, when the slut won. The winner, Wind Dodger also had a slice of luck in his course with Havelock. The dog had all the best of the course till a fence was reached which he refused to nego tiate. The bitch went on and won, and con tinued her success by winning the first prize. The win was a popular one, and we with many others trust for Mr Fothergill it is only the beginning of a successful run. Below will be found the result of the courses. FIRST ROUND. Mr E. P. Plummer's w d The Ghost (late Fraud) -Jerry-Will If I Can, beat Mr P. Hunt's br b Ilorcense, Archer-Highland Mary. Mr P. Bidstrup's f and w s Dot, pedigree un known, beat Mr J. Davern's f a Solitude, Exile Sting. * Mr J. Proudfoot's r d Havelock, Archer-High land Mary, beat Mr J. F. Kelly's feand w b Kiltime, Mrni ngton-Theibas. Mr H. Fothergill's f b-Wind Dodger, unknown, beat Mr E. RP Plummer's bik andw b Redent, Bash -Molly M'Carthy. Mr J. Craner's. f b Little Dorrit, Bionysica O'Kane,-Fair Wanderer, beat Mr M. Morrissey's r a Volley, pedigree unknown. lAir J. Mulrphy's r or f b Mi-Mia, Glendale--Gay SLas, beat AIr W. Smeaton's r or t and. w d Dick,. Glendale-Maid of Athens. Mr W. Smeatoa'a I d Mint, pedigree unknown, beat Mr G. Stewast's L a My Own. Mr J. Mullin's blk. and w s.Bashful Bess, a bye. FIRST TIES. The Ghost beat Hortense Wind Dodger ,, Havelock Mi-Mia ,,. Little Dorrit Bashful Bess ,, Mint SECOND TIES; Wind Dodger beat The Ghost Bishful Be-s ,. Ali-Min. DECIDING COURSE; Wind.Dodger beat BashfutBess,. and. won the stake.. A cablegram dated London, April 3, says :-The Irish National League have announced their inten tion to h ,ld several meetings on Sunday next in pro claimed districts. The authorities have been in structed to forcibly disperse these gatherings, and it is feared that there may be repetitious of the terrible encounters with the police of a few monIhs ago. If it is considered necessary the aid of the miiitary is to be called in to prevent the meetings being held, 