8KETOH ES. AMONG LIONS. At last Harry fell fast asleep, and oeven 1 , could scarcely keep my eyes open. Indeed, I was just dropping off when suddenly Pharaoh gave me a push. ",Listen ." he whispered. I, was awake in a second, and listening with all my ears. From the clump of bush to the right of the lightning-shattered stump to which tte sick or was tied came a faint crackling noise. Presently it was repeated. Somrthing was moving there, faintly and quietly enough, but still moving perceptibly, for in the intense stillness of the night any sound seemed loud. I woke up Harry, who instantly said, "Where is she?" and began to point his rifle about in a fashion that was more danger ous to us and the oxen than to any possible lioness. "Be quiet !" I whispered savagely; and as I did so, with a low and hideous growl a flash of yellow light sped out of the clump of bush, past the ox, and into the corresponding clump upon the other side. The poor sick brute gave a sort of groan, and staggered round and then began to tremble ; I could see it do so clearly in the moonlight, which was now very bright, and I felt a brute for having expossdthe unfortunato ox to the agony he must undoubtedly be undergoing. The lioness, for it was she, passed so quickly that we could not even distinguish her movements, much less fire. Indeed, at night it is absolutely useless to attempt to shoot unless the object is very close and standing perfectly still, and then the light is so deceptive and it is so difficult to see the foresight that the best shot will miss more often than he hits. "She will be back again presently," I said; " look out, but for Heaven's sake don't fire unless I tell you to." Hardly were the words out of my mouth when back she came, and again passed the ox without striking him. "What on earth is she doing ?' whispered Jarry. "Playing with it as a cat does a mouse, I suppose. ihe will kill it presently." As I spoke, the lioness once more flashed out of the bush, and this time sprang right over the doomed and trembling ox. It was a beautiful sight to see her clear him in the bright moonlight, as though it were a trick that she had been taught. "I believe that she has escaped from a circus," whispered Harry ; "it's jolly to see her jump." I said nothing, but I thought to myself that if it was, Master Harry did not quite appreciate the performance, and small blame to him. At any rate, his teeth were chatter ing a little. Then came a longish pause, and I began to think that she must have gone away, when suddenly she appeared again, and with one mighty bound landed right on to the ox, and struck it a fearful blow with her paw. Down it went, and lay on the ground kicking feebly. She put down her wicked looking head, and, with a fierce growl of contentmentt buried her long white teeth in the throat of the dying animal. When she lifted her muzzle again it was all stained with blood. She stood facing us obliquely, licking her bloody chops and making a sort of purring noise. "Now as our time," I whispered, "fire when I do." I got on to her as well as I could, but Harry, instead of waiting for me, as I told him, fired before I did, and that of course hurried me. When the smoke cleared, how ever, I was delighted to see the lioness was rolling about on the ground behind the body of the ox, which covered her in such a fashion, however, that we could not shoot again to make an end of her. " She's done for! site's dead, the yellow devil !" yelled Pharaoh in exultation; and at that very moment the lioness, with a sort of convulsive rush, half rolled, half sprang, into the patch of thick bush to the right. I fired after her as she went, but so far as I could see without result; indeed the proba bility is that I missed clean. At any rate she got to the bush in safety, and once there. began to make such a diabolical noise as I never heard before. She would whine and shriek with pain, and burst out into perfect volleys of roaring that shook the whole place. "Well," I said, "we must just let her roar; to go into that bush after her at night would be madness." At that moment, to my astonishment and alarm, there came an answering roar from 0 the direction of the river, and then another t from behind the swell of bush.' Evidently e there were more lions about. The wounded" lioness redoubled her efforts, with the object I suppose, of summoning the others to her assistance. At any rate they came, and quickly too, for within five minutes, peeping d through the bushes of our skerm fence, we saw a magnificent lion bounding alohg towards us, through the tall tambouki grass, that in the moonlight looked for all the c world like ripening corn. On he came in great leaps, and a glorious sight it was to tl see him. When wichin fifty yards or so, he stood still in an open space and roared, and the lioness roared too, and then there came a ti third roar, and another great black-maned lion stalked majestically up, and joined number two, and really I began to realise what the ox must have undergone. ' Now, Harry,' I whispered, 'whatever you -, do don't fire, it's too risky. If theylet us be, o let them be.' p Well, the pair of them marched off to the b hush, where the wounded lioness was now o roaring double tides, and the whole three of a them began to snarl and grumble away a together there. Presently, however, the r lianess ceased roaring, andthe two lions came f out again, the black-maned one first-to prospect, I suppose-and walked to where b the carease lay, and sniffed at it. ' Oh, what a shot !' whispered Harry, who t was trembling with excitement. a 'Yes,' I said; 'but don'tflre; theymight all of them come for us.' Harry said nothing, but whether it was from the natural impotuoity of youth, or because he was thrown off his balance by excitement, or from sheer recklessness and devilment, I am sure I cannot tell you, never having been able to got a satisfactory explanation from him; but at any rato the feat remains, he, without word or warning, enuresy aisregaregm my exuormswnuls, aw up his Wesle~ Rio ards, and fired at the black-maneod on, and, what is more, hit it slightly on the flank. Next second there was a most awful roar from the injured lion. He glared around him and roared with pain, for he was sadly 1 stung; and then, before I could make up my mind what to do, the great black-muned brute, clearly ignorant of the cause of the pain, sprang right at the throat of his com panion, to whom he evidently attributed his misfortune. It was a curious sight to see 1 the evident astonishment of the other lion at this most unprovoked assault. Over he \- rolled with an angry snarl, and on to him sprang the black-maned demon, and com menced to worry him. This finally awoke the yellow-maned lion to a sense of the situation, and I am bound to say that ho rose to the occasion in a most effective manner. Somehow or other he got to his feet, and, roaring and snarling frightfully, closed with his mighty foe. And then ensued a most tremendous scene. You know -'h,*t a shocking thingitis to look at two lhrgo iia..s fighting with abandonment. Vell, a whole hundred of dogs could not have looked half so terrible as those two groat brutes as they rolled and roared and rent in their horrid rage. They gripped each other, they tore at each other's throat, till their manes came out in handfuls, and the red blood streamed down their yellow hides. It was an awful and a wonderful thing to sco the great cats tearing at each other with all the fierce energy of their savage strength, \- and making tho night hideous with their heart-shaking noise. And the light was a grand one too. For some minutes it was hard to say which would win, but at last I saw that the black-maned lion, though he was slightly the bigger, was fail 1 ing. I am inclined to think that the wound I in his flank had crippled him. Anyway, he h began to get the worst of it, which served him right, as ho was the aggressor. Still I could not help feeling sorry for him, for he g made a gallant fight, when his antagonist A finally got him by the throat, and struggle , at.d strike out as he would, began to shake it the life out of him. Over and over they i. rolled together, a hideous and awe-inspiring a spectacle, but the yellow one, would not loose his hold, and at length poor black-mane grew y faint, his breath came in great snores and seemed to rattle in his nostrils, then he opened his huge mouth, gave the ghost of a s roar, quivered, and was dead. When he was quite sure that the victory was his own, the yellow-maned lion loosad his grip and sniffed at his fallen foe. Then 1 he licked the dead lion's eye, and next, with his fore-feet resting on the carcase, sent up i his own chant of victory, that went rolling and pealing down the dark paths of the night in all the gathered majesty of sound. And iat this point I interfered. Taking a careful s3 ight at the ceontre of his body, in order to give the largest possible margin for error, I fired, and sent a 570 express bullet right through him, and down he dropped dead upon the carcase of his mighty foe. After that, fairly satisfied with our per formances, we slept peaceably till dawn, leaving Pharaoh to keep watch in case any more lions should take it into their heads to come our way. When the sun was fairly up we arose, and went very cautiously-at least Pharaoh and I did, for I would not allow Harry to come-to sme if we could find any trace of the wounded lioness. She had ceased roaring immediately on the arrival of the two lions, and had not made a sound since, from which we concluded that she was probably dead. I was armed with my express, while Pharaoh, in whose hands a rifle indeed was a dangerous weapon -to his companions, had an axe. On our way we stopped to look at the two dead lions. They were magnificent animals, both of them, but their pelts were entirely spoiled by the terrible mauling they had given to each other, which was a sad pity. In another minute we were following the blood spoor of the wounded lioness into the bush, where she had taken refuge. This, I need hardly say, we did with the utmost caution; indeed, I for one did not at all like the job, and was only consoled by the re flection that it was necessary and that the bush wss not thick. ~,ell, we stood there, keeping as far from the trees as possible, searching and looking about, but no lionoss t could we see, though we saw plenty of blood. t " She must have gone away somewhere to f die, Pharaoh," I said in Zulu. " Yes, Inkoos" (chief), he answered, "she has certainly gone away." Hardly were the words out of his mouth, when I heard a most awful roar, and starting round saw the lioness emerge from the very I centre of a bush, just behind Pharaoh, in which she had been curled urip. Up she went on to her hind logs, and as she did so I saw r that one of her fore-paws was broken near r the shoulder, for it hung limply down. Up she went, towering right over Pharaoh's 0 head, as shire did so lifting her uninjured paw 0 to strike him down. And then, before I C could get my rifle round or do anything to s avert the coming catastrophe, the Zulu did a a very bravo and clever thing. Realising h his own imminent danger, he bounded to oner side, and then, swinging the heavy axe round a his head, brought it down right on to her 4 back, severing the vertebrte and killing her instantaneously. It was wonderful to see a i her collapse allin a heap like an empty sack. t -lidter foggyarrd in ..ltlanta. 