i Tini sintKRjiBiiimtt OIBPX- cixnr. i IMPOS3AHX MKKEING OF SCOCE-- t OWNERS. ; In response to a circular wit cat by Mr. W. j IL Skene, actings ta hozu eeantaryof a pre- ! lionnary w— in. loot nHtdch. i tniiv eiaiitv rnmpn gathasd iu the Haxml- ; tou Tavu HalLyffitecday to eoaddier difficulties | which, have lately presented themselves with ® reg ird to htori"g. The meeting was thoroughly I representative, und fiosk -masters from all ports of the Western district tfr. A S«vdl, ot Devon. Park,was voted fo the said he was glad to Bee so many present. He brieflystoted the object of tiiemeet- iug, and arressed die hope that, as the itsult of the meeelng, mote sitistectoryiuid ressanaibie arrangetaeam would be made with rard to shearing in tbe future. Ha called upou the hom-vsecretary (ilr. W. B. Skene) to read the iwfwppiubncf. . Mr. Skene letters fioo samslanfle- men. who could not conveniently attend the meeting, bat who made, various suggestions. Mr. J. Gill, of Rannymede, Choaght an em ployers association be formed, and — a fin of £100 indicted oa member fareskiag- the. rales. Mr. W. W. Dobbie, of Ararat, thought a branch meeting should be held at that place at a future date. Mr. W. Philip, of Mfga Lake, was in favor of a compromise of 13a per 10& al though he bad not grren todtb than 12s for many years. W. L&idkv;, of Edenbone, sympathised with the object of the meeting, , and would give it his hearty support: Mr.. Anatin, of ureen Vale, qwlcpasa for his absence, owing to a council meeting bring held the same day at Ararat. Mr. E. Cotney,'of Tnlse ffilL approved of united action; he bed alwavu given 14s per hundred, got good mm, ami i-eceived every satisfaction. Mc. T. Skece, of Eirkella, saggrated that a eeuteal meeting c€ the assoriztzon to be farmed whonld be held at Baliaraf. The chairman hoped the meeting of thokday would assume a prodicaLfotm by deciding: upon a definite plan of ?»""" One ides was to form, an employer's amffrriatin, which was a good one, but unless they were unanimous in the' matter the meeting would not succeed and would efid as it did last year — in failure. Unless they were prepared to incur expense, go to some trouble, :ml bear anxiety; ' they might" iust as well leave things as they were. One ex- >ense was entirely necessary, and that was to have p paid secretary (hear, hear), and also agents if these were considered necessary. Ee understood tint tne auearera uuiozlusr y ear had 2Tor 30 paid agents in this district, and bp thought an employers3 association should be prepared to have two or three, or as many as they thought requisite. He would also like ta see a office established A»mM register their and such mtn should re- ceive the preference, tiooks ought to be pro- curred, from which employes could give cer tificate of discharge to men who had satis factorily-done their duties ; if they had not done so, an intimation to that effect should be sent to the head office. It was eaid that sheepfarmeza, us a body, could not -igTfrO to anything under heaven— except perhaps whisky. (Laughter.) However, if they agreed upon the matter then under notice he thought the association would prove a benefit, both to ihe shearer and the employer. There whs no doubt the men. bad some cause for forming a union : they were not always treated as they ought to be. It was ssid of our pioneers that they "first built a honse for themselves ; then erected a stable for thrir horses ; and lastly & hut for their men. Sorely, after having worked sdl day, the men were entitled to some consideration ; they ought to have a good cook, a comfortable place to sleep in, and anything that was fwir. He did not abject to men band ing themselves together for their own protection, but ha considered the Shearers' Union was ex treme in its demands and that its memters hod shown their band a little too early. Their idea evidently was to take possession of the shed, to shear as they liked, to give what wool they liked, and to be paid what bbey liked. The. Union said this was a mistake, and that they asked nothing unreasonable ; but they were only holding their trump cards in abeyance, for if once they bad. the power they would do as they iihpd.- He objected vo flie price of 15s per hundred, as it was altogether too high. Ordinary station hands worked tea hours per day for 20s per wopfc. nnri why should shearers demand three or four times that wages:. The right-baizes system was established and recognised here, but he did not think that shearers, after taking into account the meal -ho ore, smokes, wet weather and other stoppages, labored eight, hours a day on tbe average. Hie raminded the meeting that if they established an employers' union oq a sound basis with equitable rules some good would probably result ; but if they merely passed resolutions, and went away, it would, like last year's meeting, be-onlyso much time wasted. (Apphuue.) Sir. H. fidkiniL, Basset, thought it was essential thar the meeting should test form a sheep-farmera association,. .as the mere paasizig. of resolutions would not preclude any man. from going home and dome what he considered best for himself. Unless there was a union, with its rules, committee, sobsBriptioa. etc., they would be no further forward than &t; presenk Bather than suffer what he did last year ho would sub mit to the Shearers' Union or anything else. Something definite should be decided upon, and he wouid therefore move — Thai a Sheep-formers' association be formed in the Western, ciismct of Victoria- He hopd that every gentleman in the room would become a member. jlr. VT. B. Skene, of StratfakeUoz, seconded the motion, and approved of bis fcratbers suggestion that a branch meeting of tiie As sociation should be held at Billarat or Ararat, because he considered that all the' country west of ueehng could be classed as the Western district. Of course, after agreeing, to form. the Association, a committee would he elected, and arrangements could be made to hold meetings where and when if was deemed advmble. The Horn. W. Boss, of The Uums, Caramufc, said he i" as not as rifa¥ as the Chairman was with the attendance, as the importance of the occasion warranted a much larger meeting of fitackownerr, the shearing question affecting them as deeply as any other. When he first heard of this meeting be wrote to the Samilton Spectator suggesting the advisability of forming au Employers' Union to deal wiihihe difficulty. He wo therefore happy to support -the motion. He preremed . chat is was not intended to be antagonistic to the. Shearers' Union — for as such be would not support it— but merely to provide for more satisfactory arrangements befog entered into between them wives and the Shearers' Union. Ic was a well-known fact that where one body war united and another disunited the former would carry the day. He had obtained a. copy of of the roles of the Employers' Union, of Mel bourne, an organisation which, though yet in its infancy, had -dense, great deal of good. Dele gates could be appointed to confer with toe other aide ou any matter in. dispute, and its settlement then rested withthreeor fourinstaad of bring left to thonsmdx- Aitoongii those I present were comparatively few in number, they were soffioent to form the nucleus of a strong Association. They shoakL hate a eettled. price for shearing, and. adhere . to it. The minimmn. price 6iei by the Union, 15s, was far too high, as some sheep were much earner to shear- than others. He did not think the shearers hsd many grievances- It wax mentioned by Mr. Spence at a meeting held in Penshnrst that some owners were paying as low as IDs per handled; tare these esses were creep tirmt, and the were not boimd to go to those atafams. If pcopaL eccammodation was not provided for. . them it was the duty of toe Hrsifo srthnrmes to inquire into the matter. But there was no doubt toe prp; was the great thing, and lie felt that - if toe As- tacbdicn and the" Uhinn met fa a spins of mutual .forbearance and discmeed the matter tbry wonid the nooner arrive to a saosftotory soliiaon of' the difficulty, i Applause.) _ Mi. G; A. Bronghton of Neat Narra, Harrow, said hie nrighhota.fa the H irrow district would like to h:ivc a definite proposal placed before, them. He thought branch meet ings shnnid he called in different-centres, ana a code of nxles placed before toom, so that they might discuss them,. »Bd send delegates to a central meeting to explain thar-.TOWw. He thongbfcthat Hamflton, where toe .mate was fettataap, should: be the batt.oEfae As- soemdon's operatoms. , (Apphuuc) They were not toeihnaramieiyaelvea wto. faroed the If they had tnide a siiiffng snsTe,' Tntl'js'l sf fa-: ing lfixas toeminimmv toowfahave been: dWromihtoe, andTtoete wns noadng: bat light toeep norto rf HunHfan. ffire«tog- wss ntontfaBfiefflabnirrtotoirfawccmddlmin itinn fes snli, . . , Mr-Sr.ChtoofMarnasLsskEdflffisem-: tary fafaimMamtorsiaifa fato ob- 1 "to. \- - Kr. Skene said he isd iesnrmi -faHnErfi ittTSnm fa -toetosHiiLwIiirh eh nwrd 1 13'ITi'wD ptoondred ; 25,13. f lB,.Hsj and ?4, 15k. 32to.'«onmrtsed toe bolkr of thntoemr in the: 'Westml&tiitiand; showed toeeafascspriett to.be I3s 2dperfaBjdre4;- hufctoeretnniairf mme owneca toe, he-sest : fasto. raony end wtitoajectontoefaMHiE gicto'13dl.?7mtottmstri0faiixtoeai mri , jjifwtgh-eneegtHd: i!tojTh«ii fifflotedtliwirfaaiioak ttenff nwimaij . He nov howerec, tkit mrnrHfafcncy nnnmiw wonlcl be bertj ii tbe Onion, wax now a Hhnng body and well agndati. He £&' not Mow tkw wan fof iiiuIIm hnfe ha blamed tfarir leaden fee the tsetira thj unueA> Ha - would pragwe ea an r Tm n iiiniin diw?«»phta»f to attend the Shearers' Uulou meeting at Krhnca ontiieTtii and 8th to confer with, them as to a reasonable price to be pszd for shearing He wunJd suggest 14 be the w'""!'",' ««d 72a fid the xninimnm, but they should mxonge a fixed scale cf prices: . To doriaahe wunM tekw the reconis of 1886, be&n; the Umoa wxxttad here. Where 12s was then piid, thsyelmuM now pay 12s 6d.; 13s ahonlrt be 13s 6d ; 13s 6dm- crBaaed to 14s; but in no caan . should 15s be given, as thss was only a fancy price. This would be a for proposal of the .delegates to ; meet the Union half-way He moved accord- : iagfer thai delees i ee be appointed to ramfia. with tie FoiaitiSduuaJiextireck. The Chairman thought tins was a new reso lution. and no amendment: The Hon. W. Bom would hardly expect dela- gates to go to Echuca. Jlr. J, Ahtwffi)| ITaw.tiaal if W"r Carty was opposed to the formation of an Association. Defogatra might- be appointed hereafter. Mr. £ ffwrafcj Rninywlk West tile Awwstinn ahnqld ii» fnrmwi lMt- ilTr, J?, fbUirfT, hriimilH that a slid? ing scile, with, the approval of tbe Union, was all that was required He did not blame the men for the objectionable tactics adopted last season.? he .the paid "" who were not shearera, but would stick to she work while they were paid, from 12a to Ids was a good price to give, and it only wanted unanimity amongst themselves. Mr. J. A Hps rn said it was oil very well , to talk of in>«iiTwHy, but tfasf ahonld take some : steps to secure ik A goodanggeatinn hsd bmt. fo a htHy finn «n breaking the roles Last year some effected to show fight, but when, it mum to the pinch there. was. not tbe ghost of a fight. The Hon. WV Rose said the sum snd auh- stanceof lost years agreement wasthaltiiey should not accept the: Union, roles, and .ttmt hod been adhered to. 7iTr_ j, g. Jackaon, Snn3fnrj| said the rig1 hours system could not be applied to shearing which wu like haymaking—the wool would, spoil flnlaw it was doue at "TTia TTnmn rules, were »»»» «wiaKfAj the sheaxers them selves were constituted, judges of their work. Who would tBree to that? Mr. P. Leu rm oath, Gutnge Bum, raid the meeting ought first to prodsmi for or against tbe Association, and deride the details oftrav words, TKa motion was then, pair and ceased ussni- mooBly. Mr. J. "Weathflriy, 'Morven, seal they hod bettar fix. the price as they was. there ; but other genttemeu thooghi a committee should first be elected Mr. W. E. Skene moved — Thmt the following gentlemen be a committee, seven to form a quorum i— Meon& Biuugluna, MriviEte, Howril, Gookn, Smite, IfLellsa, Learmaute, Carty, W. W. OMxer, Soa, Gow, White, .Skene _artou HiQs) Fdktcfl, Weatoeriy, Wm. tnein, H. Azmyoge, Jackson, J. Bobetsan, W. Philip, Ware, Hmst and Todd. Mr. «a.wir»f?cw3 -fchm XXUXtiOO, which WSS Mr. D. M'LeQan, Springwood, moved that the price be fizsd at 12s 6d tee mirrimnm nud 15s the msxunum That octuoUylndnded the Union price, and would give llttie cause for complaint. There was a gentleman, in. the room who hid paid. Ida for some years, and the morion would enable him. to do so stiff. Ml Jackson seconded the motion, which he considered fair. The difference to. shearing some sheep amounted to 2s fid pa hundred Mr. J. Ahearn thought the maximum, too high, and that Ids was suffiraeni. Mr. Hurst said that for yean in his district lis won the price, and the urirriniunL-of. the morion was too high; bat he would not object. Mr. E. Camrann, Struan, tiioughk the.com- mittee should have power to fixiheecalefor various parte of toe disfaick Mr. Jackson said toot would be impracticable, as only owners knew the description of their, sheep. Mr. Ahearn moved an ampndnipnt. toot the minminrn be 12a, and tb.e msxiimim 14a per himdrnd. Mr. Carter said he had 35 yeses' erperience. asd choaght if a shearer -cmildn't earn. good, wages at the latter price he should tackle something else. Ml Cooke said tbst'fer- nine years he had given as high as 15s, accoedingto toe quality of the flbpwring If the amenfimpnt were carried it woold plane bim m an unoansfortslde posiaon with regard to toe men he employed regularly. Mr. Dowling of JelsQshsd paid as high as 16s. Mr. Leoammth said on toe average they would not toen.be paying lfis. Mr. Stewart of Lyne said he had paid only lis for ten years, but hod to pay 12s this year. Mr. Westherly said he bad been paying 12s, andhetooaght tote low eaougbfortoe mini- mxxxn,. whilst toe morimum nf 15s should suit slL Mr. M'llUu agreed to alter his motion to 12s and 15s- Mr. TgflKwa pointed oat that the amendment would cut both ways, as some had been giving less than 12s aadothexs more than Ids. Mr. Carty thought the price should ba 12s 6i and 14a. Me. W. Skene said if they embraced the 'Wettem dlatiist toe price ahcmld sot be too low, as they were giving 14s end 15s -about Geefaiig. Mr. Ctitf moradafoxtiier OTipnfi(nwit. tfat the pricebe I2s 6dmd 14a T&re; was aesmded by Mr. Curtec. After some farther disnanimi, Mr. IImtiA was cuned by a luce mtjority. Mr. Bronghton mured and Mr. M'LriRn fwrmdwi that where aheams were IrHqemf themsdree they be .Rawed 2) fid pa bandied extra.— Cenied.. Mr. Kdltfne moved Out the snbeoriptioe to the Amnriittinnbe fixed its gnjaenperimnnm This wu meonded by the HqiL W.' Boeit. Mr. Hnratradvocafced. s higher mheenption if they wixhed to aapporttho Araodstioa properly, and, tiie amount wee aenoniingipeltered to two Mr. Wieetbmly said two gofaau wonii deter many from: jofaitgt. HemnTedm amendment thst dm snbaedption be one gafaea, end that the committee be empowered .to nudan caJLof. la p« thommnii rhwp ahnm fay memhwra if-they required- the finds. Mr. t heem aeromlwil Hie itmendment; whidx waa eventually- ranted by majority vote. Mr- Gow wished to know if they oonid not accept the invrtaami of the Sfaearma1 Dshm, and meet them «t Behma-jm tile 7th fast, when they wonld be adopting, thar rules far the year. A grass dififanlty was ahead, of the t-enm'vtinn with its Ids miTrmom, snd they ahmrid not miss tbe oppertnnity of conferring wiib. the Union am the point. The speaker last yaarxdvncatBdcan- ferrfag with . tbe Union, bat the meeting-was against fa They thought they ooold-breat ap the Union, but it was not so; fa waa too large an organisation. He moved that delegates be aeni to t„ confer With the XT.hw. the rales and the price, end to -endeavor to ob fain some consesiaa. Me. Cartr eecosded the motfan, .ramariring that it would be a chance of settiing the diffi culty. Me. Cooke tbooght it wsa toe 1st to-thtaknf a dedegatinn-to Mma an thefthiimfa The meeting had only a haaey idea of isa movements, and jhedfdrgrtm cmdd nofc givB :< ipiewiiwi to itaviews yet. He d»d notwiaixto beffimwirteena to tbe. Union. het waa afraid fa was norrtoo lotfc The Hon. W. Bna thonght the motion- en- crilerfaif it weregrrirfanahin Hesnppoaedthe laws, of the . Unisn. were net nnafaeiatde like XT—" ettfa. traA. .mi Me. Weathmiy mated an ameodmenbdhat this Aseocfationdosinti recogniee tbe fjlnwnia' ITcion in any way whatever. The fatearrrahad been trewted well, aod now wfaen- fam pisa of wool waa very low, and. eheep aeflfag; at half, j pcicr, they deassndecL higheEwaigee To_remg- mse. : them in. any way wooldT-be. ofefagt premium fortheir ingratitude. (Apgdanse.) , Aft. J. Boherteon, jd Skenete. a. tifamphant tone) J I aecand thsti (Great ianghteEi) Mr. Cameron said it was u-oudidea. i£ they conld ignore the Umoo. Mr. Cow's propositinn was, a wnrthy mie,.bntratfamLpremvtnre,aa-tha. isanrTatintrTwlwawereontyEt made The. Chairman hoped tile amendment-would not be lul anjr-uiaaa&ntar; tion of boetilire against tie Unfim as a bo- Ue jlTgied faedmwaaqonweoldlamomeerfiong: itsrifa Mr- VeatherirssajftiierralmnttBdi.tofahe Union, they wonldberfabdwfahniodafnronr. -' After &a-etjanewara; of ophmm, .the mmiaa. and amendment wme' aaMuunpfifa '—pl"iM'r' fam-wf . r.iiually fT i tiiiiil uaaiila Un Urfafa MR- SBfafa, by ieqrefa agraedl to wfa wsi eaerafaryr mita: tifa mmnntiBe'inetramillap-t pmntedrla»L hkjj ram.. B was egreedthat tbe-ranmeitteMBeetontifa IGSijhafcaLtifaYictOTfaffifaff atiJL o'rdbfav farHroaghtoo: movedy qnafa. Codfces jawadBmeiailMvriiiii i IIIIM . Igyiiriiijjggy jflimMraRmidljijj. diitiwiatme, 'stafcafar; . huu.wmi uteif Itaailiidej Ifaiwilfag-'.-:,/ 