The Circus. I bare always had a singular liking for n circus, a low liking, it is very probable, I might hear you say, were I nearenough J but [ Bcorn to dispute the point. Tell me wbat tbero can bo in high life more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing plea sure than tho whole paraphernalia of a cir cus I , Til I was thinking thus one clay, n9 I entered one of these sunny pavilions, ami thinking, too, whether, in spite of all my lore of motion and swiftness and grace, notimid a person as I would have had much enjoyment in an old Roman circus where men and beasts en countered in contest of blood, aud where ladies, whoso hearts could bavo been not greatly different from my own, applauded the death struggle of a gladiator as I did the somersaults of little Ninonito. The present entertainment was called upon tho bills a " Great Moral Hxliibition ; " and as with the circus it combined a superior mcnagcrlo, to which Asian jungles and African deserts bad contributed, clergymen and others were cordially invited to witness the trained lion and tho lamb lying down together. Of tho last performance, of which I am particularly speaking, the Inst item had been described in tue advertisement n9 tho " Ter riblo Exploits of tho Dauntless Iiartouro in tho Don of Wild Beasts j" tho capitals had boon thrilling. And accordingly, aftcra sulll cient quantity of small boys had been thrown by tho horse, an enormous carriage, that filled nearly half tho space, was slowly wheeled upon tho scene, tho sides were lot down, and tho don of wild beasts was dis closed. It was in three compartments, with strong partitions made of a lattice-work of iron bars between them. In tho lirst one, some leopards and a Bengal tiger of loathly beauty wore roaming restlessly round, up and down, in and out, round and about, in a way to make ono's heartache. In the ccntral compartment a lion was striding up and down, lashing his tail about j while tho lioness, lying in one corner with her two whelps fawning around her, looked with complacent curiosity at tho crowd who returned Iter gaze. . But when tho lids woro lot down from tho last compartment, all thought of tho occupants of tho other two was for a moment forgotten, as tho immenso and single lion within that one sprang' upon his hind legs, pawing at tho side o£ tho cage as if ho would break through and bound out upon us, and uttering a roar that resounded and roviberated from sido to side, and mado every heart stand still. Wo wcro almost all decorously placed on the tiers of seats, but at tho sound and tlio sight tho whole audionee shook a little closet together ; and, for my own part, never lik ing such scenes as this promised to bo, I had risen to go. "Never mind," said my companion to mo, as I excitodly signified my wish to hasten off; " it is a trite tiling enough ; the creatures aro gorged with food and1 dandled from; thoir birth j tho exhibitor is in no danger." : "You aro mistnkon, sir," said ono of tho gronp of bystanders. " In-tho first two;cngcs they are certainly tamo enough, but the Inst beast is tho true Netnraan, raging for his lib erty, as ready to rend a man to atoms (is evor his wildest ancestors woro." "■Then why is he in that cage, sir," I asked, shivering beneath the blaze of those cycballB like coals. • "Ho was only added to tho collection a few hours since." said another gentleman at my sido. " Somo sailors brought him homo on thoir own account | the ship happened t.o arrivo in the harbor this morning, just'as tho monagerio was setting npils tents j tho sailors lost no tlmo in making their bargain, and tlio animal was transferred immediately j but an injury happening to; his own cage ho was temporarily shut into this one till bettor ac commodations could bo arranged, I boliovo." II But is it roally strong enough ?"Tasked, with a quiver. • " Oh, without doubt." < "And then tho exhibitor docs not venturo into that compartment?" ; Not unless ho is insano, I fancy." ; '* Ah, whata roar I It is thunder's self I" " Possibly ho has not been fed to- day." " I think wo had better go," I said, " It roally makes mo ill." j " Indocd," was tho response I met with. "If thero is going to bo anything unusual, let its have the benefit of it I" "But It seems to mo tho exhibitioner is not ready. I do-beliovo ho is afraid himself." " Ho has no occasion," said tho second by stander again. "In spito of our Monti's opinion of tho wild boast, unless the exhibi tor should open tho door of tho third cago, there is absolutely not a shadow of danger." «'And if ho should ?" < " Why, then I imagine lib would surely got his deserts," "The lion would, at any rato," rejoined my companion. " Oh, how nervous you make mo I" I ex claimed, " I wonder why the Dauntless Bar touro does not come ?" " Possibly ho is asleep," roplled tho second bystander oneo moro ; " he has a littlo habit, they say, which occasions drowsiness—I sup. poso so hazardous an occupation as may havo been, in tho beginning, required stimulants, and ito has abused tho neeossity. If they aro not sobering him with buckets of cold water dashed over him, they aro probably assisting him to hurry on his tights and spangles." As he snoko, a mnn, carrying a littlo swltdh, bounded into tho ring, made his bow to tho audlonco, throw open tho cago of tho leopards, leaped lightly up, and in an Instant had shut himself within, IIo was a man cf splendid physical do volopment j and bo quick had been bis throo movements, that ono liatl not t.me to ceo bis flushed face nnd Us swollen veins before ft seemed tlmt. Die exertion of seizing ft leo pard nnd tossing liira in the nir lind occa sioned it. „ „ , , _ „„„ " Wlint a handsome man ? cried my com panion, staring at bitn with admirnt.on. _ Ho was a picturo as lie faced ns ; UJC leopards stood with ft paw on liis either shoulder, the spots seeming to waver in their supple sides like the sparks and glows in halt blackened firebrands, while the tiger bounded to nnd fro over the switch ho hcl<. for him ns if his sleek curves were mndo of nothing unc caoutchouc. It wns plain that the crenturCB loved the man ; they reached out their long, red tongues and licked him—lie had fed them nnd tended them. As I thought this, Bnrtouro flung aside tlio first partition of iron bars with n thrust., and was in the central cnge, stepping quickly to the lioness nnd switching her till she rose upon her feet j'catching the hairy little cuba in hU arms, and throwing them about like juggler's balls; cnlling the lion to his sido nnd lving down between them nil, as if for peaceful repose in the bosom of his family. Meanwhile the tiger camo and stretched himself at his feet, nnd ono oE tbo leopards amused himself with boxing nn impertinent little cub, whilo another lcoparcl retired to the furthest end of tho cnge, and appearedto keep watch like a Bontiuel over the domestic scene. It was, after all, a very charming sight, and the plnce rnng with applause. Suddenly Bnrtouro sprang to his feet, bowed agnin to tho audience, then throw open the last partition. My tongue clavo to the roof of my mouth with horror ; the whole amphitheatre hung upon ono breath. Tho three compartments wcro now a Bingie cnge alone j but tbo animals in tho first por tion hurriedly huddled themBclvca together in the remotest part, cowering and whining, nnd trembling in evident fenr. With a magnificent fenrlcssncss, Bnrtouro trod swiftly toward the lion, who Btood erect, holding by his tremendous paws to tho sido of tho cage, his huge black mane rising and bristling round him as if instinct with savage life itself, as ho turned his head at tho olang of the iron bars, and glared with red-hot eyes upon Bnrtouro. "Come bnek I For Heaven's snko, come backP cried the circuB-mastor, darting ncrosa tho arena toward tho cnge. "It is tho new lion, You are a dead man*!" ' The whole nndience roso. Oh, tho cruel, handsome faces of those dead nnd gono Human women I—these wcro not their ghosts. But Bnrtouro did not vouchsafe him a glanco —only ho trod swiftly forwnrd, and struck tho grent benst a tingling blow in the face. It wns tho denth-blow of courage. Iho lion, nmnzed for ono heart' brnt, with tho next did not pauso to crouch ore springing, but had throw himself in ono mass upon Bnrtouro, who tottered nnd half foil, but roso ngnln, nnd lifted his nrms, that wcro liko springs of steel, to thrust the benst away. Then, as if lightning fell, tho arms dropped powerless, tho man sank slowly down, hjs eves wido open and staring ion tho lion, his fnco whiter tlinn ashes, tho blood pouring from liis sido. Women wcro fainting now in tho nuclicnco. children wore shrieking, men were springing forward j tho people of the menagorio wcro running to get some wenpon, an nxo, a pistol, anything—thoro wns not one who dnred to enter tho cage nnd tnko his prey from tho dreadful thing which would dovour it before our very eyes for all wo know. All at once, in that swift, brenthless in stant, a ball of fire shot through the air from one cud of the cnge to tho other. It wns tho loopnrd who had sat as sentinel. In a second his mate lind followed. Ono had no timo to note their superb beauty, nor to wonder at their furious spring, before tho tiger had hurled himself upon them, nnd nil threo had fnllun with a yell on tho lion, who tore his claws away, and half forgot Bnrtouro, to turn fiercely on thorn. Whether it wns 'lovo of their master, or whether some forest scent still lingering about the wild brute, lind roused tho nover before awakened rage of their blood, no one can sny ; thoy wcro giving their livcB for Bnrtouro—so much wns cei'tnin. " Como out—como out I" wo cried in ono. voice, "Oh, you are mad, Bnrtouro I" Ho did not deign us n look ; but his voico roso over tho snail nnd roar nnd cry of tho struggling boaRts, nnd over tho uproar awak ened in the neighboring cages, like a blast of wind— " And lcnvc my leopnrds to die ?" In n moment ho hnd darted forward, tho helpless arm dangling from hia shouldor, but his right hand groaning'Ills wip; mid as tho lion, turning nt tlio sido-glanco which ho caught of liia drat assailant, regardless of leo pards or tigers, shook them oil with a mighty shudder, nrid collected himself for a second leap upon him, Bnrtouro ran up with his whip, nnd with tho precision of a mnrksmnn, ho hnd llcckcd its thong first in ono oyo of tho lion, nnd then tho other, slipping nsido as tho lion roso to spring with ft yoll of pain and agony, and fell sprawling and rolling over, striking against tho iron sides of |t.ho cage, gnthering itself together ngnin, ann crouching ns still as tho sphinx. Another rny of light nevor entered thoso thong-flecked oyes. Tho lion wns stono blind from thnt day, ! Tlio wholo sccno, had not occupicd tliroo minutes. At its closo Bnrtouro, caught his torn loopards and tosaod thorn Into tho other end of tho inoloauro, single-armed, drew liia tigor, although very badly maimed, nway by tho jaws, clnngod down tho iron door, be tween, stepped out, shut tho cago behind him, bowsd to tho audience—just ns the circus'mnstcr and his assistants dashed in with guns and' swords—and ran ofl as if lio had no moro than trod upon n fly. The Dear Creatures-—When a youn? ' man deceives his best, girl, and sho finds it out, it usually leads up to a serious cry-sis. One reason why the homely girl tftkoa the scholarship prize la because buo looks 'into books moro than into mirrors. No man can court a crosa-oycd girl without being jealous, And tho causo is that sho always seems to bo looking atandarailing upon some ollior fellow. Please His Friends.—" Will you please insert this obituary notlco?" asked an old gentleman of ah editor. "I make bold to nsk it, because tho deceased had n great many friends about hero who'd be glad to.hear ol liis death." Cause for Gallantry.—When a young mnn politely offered his seat in.a tram car to an old gentleman, and then wont and stood-"* on tho platform, a follow passenger said,— . "I am glad to see, sir,a young man like you pay that respect and dcforence to old ago which it should always command." "Yes,sir," replied the youth, "thatold codger is worth a million dollars." Guessed He Had Bad News.—Mrs. Partington was not so much a myth as synicnl unbcliovors assert., For instaiflSo, Aunty Uceky Brown one morning last weok came into tho breakfast room with a very much troubled countenance. One o£ tha family remarked it and asked her what was. tho matter. "I'm 'fraid Mr. Sparks has got Homo bud news } I just seo a tolegraph boy go rldin'.up to his house on.liia cyclopedy," " You say you want to marry my daugh ter ? havo you spoken to her ?" " <>■' C "Yes, sir," replied tho young man;'! and have Rained her consent.'' "Well, if sho said 'yes' that settles it, Anything I might say or do wouldn't havo tho slightest Influence," . " ,'i Then the young man goes homo and wonders if ho isn't to vountr to marrvauoh * girl, 