ANNIE, [BY T. BLACK.J See lovely Annie passing by. On beauty rare our eyes may feast, Thai's all her worth what meets tbe eye, Who know ber best esteem her least. Of Annie's charmB beware, beVate, She is a cunning, artful elf," - Seek not her love—there's none to epare, lis all engaged— upon berself. Thus, in transmitting to me the following, he writes:—" Dear 7 x 7—These trifles wan written after my last interview with the spirit of my venerable grandfather, who invariably visits me in a dream on the anniversary of his birthday; that being to him mollia tempora fandi, on acoount of his having, like myself, 3x7 letters in his name, aiT^ 'or Other occult reasons which yon would: not undtr 8t aud if I were to state them. I. SEVEN T EXTBAd^XJfABT MEN. 1\. The politician who neve? avvwed his readiness to die fojr his bleeding country. 2\. The ben-pccked husband that had tne' courage to contradict his mother-in-law. 3\. The voracious man who bolted his doors and went to Eton oyster-shoD. 4\. The man who was so tall that he waa obliged to kneel down to put his hands into his waistcoat pockets, 5\. The man who was so short that he had to go np a ladder to put on his hat. 6\. The nigger who was so black that charcoal made a white mark upon hirt, 7\. The man who was so thin that his wifehad to make him wear a red stocking for a waistcoat to distinguish him from the clothesprop. T 1L SEVEN WONDERFUL ANIMALS; 1\. The pig that is made of iron. 2\. The elephant whose tail grows in fronts and whose teeth are longer than ita head. 3\. The oytter whose mouth is larger than its body. 4\. The novelist whose tale grows oat of his head. 5\. The calf that never dies of old age. 6\. The dnll bipedal ass who makes one-, laugh, because of his antipathy to chaffi 7\. The unicorn that is never ont of the; Queen's arms. "A stranger animal"ciied one, " bure never lived beneath tbe era."' III. SEVEN INFALLIBLE RECIPES. 1\. To prevent a coat from wearing oufc. Wear it indoors only. 2\. To ascertain the state of the weather next week. Wait patiently and see. 3\. To make an apple tart.. Boillit in aoetlc- aoid. 4\. To make an ice-cream. Pinch the baby. 5\. To square the circle. Pnt the round' man in the square hole and keep him there. 6\. To ascertain the weight of a loaded wagon. Pat your foot nnder the wheel. 7\. To enre the gout. Live upon lOd. day, and earn it first. IV. SEVEN BLOOMING CONUNDBUMS., • L What flowers did the herdsman see when driving his cattle over the ioe during a snow- - storm? Cowslips and snowdrops. 2\. What flower doesa footman's sweetheartmost resemble ? The lily of the valet. 3\. Why is an orator like the narcissus t J He IB remarkable for the length of his stalk. (Ob, yes; his tall (s)talk.) 4\. What flower is most frequently seen on the breakfast-table ? The buttercup. 5\. What flower wonld you wish to give to - a friend in distress? Heart's-eaBe. 6\. What flowers do lovers prefer before all others? Two-lips. 7\. What would make all the exhibits at a flower show appear alike? The letter W would tnrn all flowers into wall-flowers. V, SEVEN CHABADES ON WOEDS or FBOW ONE TO SEVEN SYLLABLES. 1\. I shall whole be 14, Mamma, Papa said first latt Sunday. 2\. I am last /int. To-morrow I Bhall he total, 3\. Whole is not third oontinent first second- BuppoBed. 4\. Second^professor came third fourth office with first invitation third to his lecture on whole. 5\. Third whole stayed first my second fourth-- Tuesday expecting my fifth to visit me. 6\. Fifth think stcand is first contemplation, that third should sixth Monday undergo my total fourth the lodge. 7\. My amiable step mother whom sixth met seventh Monday at Sloper'B told me that third fourth intended to first necond her fourth , wedding Sloper should write to the Pope to ' protest against my total The old fifth. Key —1. Soon. 2. Now here. 3. As-I-a, 4\. An-a-to-my. 5. In-tect-I-on-ally. 6. Init-I-at-I-on. 7\. Beatif-I-cat-I-on. VI. SEVEN NOVEL INVENTIONS. X. Professor Longman's psyoometer for measuring the height of ambition and thedepth of despair. 2\. Dr. Black's patent apparatus fox extinguishing the light of other days and the fire of genius. 3\. Father Greathead's sliding rule forfinding the centre of the family circle. 4\. Hooper's lateral clamp for securing the - spokes of the public weal. 5\. Cole's improved forcing stove for stimulating the growth of the flowers of rhetoric - and the fruits of industry. 6\. A barber's improved razor for Bhavinff: the chin without cutting the hair. (A failure.) 7\. Prosessor Turner's universal screwdriver to draw the screw of a civil (or uncivil) servant, to enable the maeter of a - screw steamer to drive his crew, or to liberate one whom the contemplation of "The Last." in tbe Market" has rivetted to the spot. , VIL SEVEN STUNNING ANECDOTES. 1\. A gentleman from the Green Isle travelled from Adelaide to the Port on horseback during £he violent duststorm of the 11th inst,, and was so thoroughly be- - , grimed with dust and sweat that on looking in a mirror he aid not know himself, bnt - telegraphed back to enquire if he had not left himself behind in mistake. 2\. A ragged young urchin was charged before Mr. Beddome the other day with---- stealing muffins, and was sent to gaol for three days as a ragamuffin, .1' 3\. A lodging-housekeeper of Melbourne advertises commodious apartments to let to Bingle gentlemen 12 feet high. 4\. Professor Eugene Lefant&me;, having..- given a lecture on spiritism, was surprised the next day ac receiving a^ummons, charging him with retailing BpiritB without licence. He pleaded in Court that spirita-- have no tails, and the caBe was dismissed. 5\. A carpenter, when asked if he believed in Old Scratch, replied," l r es, I saw the de'il daily, and often chisel the old rascal." 6\. A gumeucker, having expressed hia belief that in the event of a war between- Germany and England the latter wonld .-peta tremendous hammering, was urged to assign^ his reason for thinking so. " WeM," he said,. "I'm sure they -would, for them_ there Germans are awfully smart at murdering the Queen's KngliBh. 7\. A witty old gentleman having asked a sailor why be used so much tobacco. Jack replied laconically, " Because I chews. Hia interrogator Bmiled, tapped his forehead,, dosed bis eyes for a few minutes, and then', wrote npon a slip of paper the following im- • promptu:— Why do yon choose the cud to shew ? Are yon or are you not a ruminating beast? If not, snch j'-lly tars as you— Tbe crews that cruise And don't rernse To navigate the ocean bine— Should yet refuse on .such pernicious quids tofeast. Jack read it, hitched up his ducks, andt eaid with a grin— *'HI give you a quid pro quo after 8-bells." Magistrate (to Chinaman)—" What ie your complaint against this young man, John?"" Chinaman (unable to collect a laundry bill)— " He too muchee by-and-by." (Scene—A Suffolk village schooL Government Inspector examining a class on-the subject of the Witch of Endor and Samuel's - ghost) Government Inspector—"Well, boys, what did the Witch of Endor think she saw!" " (Pause.) First Bov—" Pls.se, sur, that war - an apparition." G. L—"Quite right; bnt' what is an apparition?" (Longer pause.)" Second Boy — " Plaze, ear, that be a -. spactnr!" G. L—" Yes. yes, sir—qmte right again, so far; bnt what s a spectre r (Prolonged pause.) Bright Boy (in a wild/afeetto) » —" Maze, sur, that be a gentleman as goo - abont examinin' schnles!" " Did you notice Mr. Languid in Church . this morning, dear? He seemed very much-, touched by our dear pastor's sermon," " Touched by the pastor's sermon. Rubbish!.' He was touched about fifty times by Mrs. Languid's parasol to keep him horn beings hypnotized by the sermon, that's the fit of it COBNKBEB THE CONDUCTOR.—In a town in the Mohawk Valley lives a man who may be called, for tbe time being, John Smittu Smith stands about six feet two in Ma thinneBtstockings. In the old days whea a ticket - from Chicago to New York—or anywhere elBe—was " good only for continuous tripe on ] day and date," Smith and bis wife left tbewicked western jity oneday lot the metropolis. At Lockport they stopped over the nighty, and the next day they started on again witfr. two yonng ladies, acqnaintances, who purchased tickets for Palatine Bridge. When the condnctor came along to punch the tickets he pronounced tbe Chicato tickets worthlees—stamped and partly Heed the day before— Smith must pay his fare, be said. John expostulated, but in vain; lie must pay tWO>fares or leave the tr«.ia. Ihe conductoragreed to take UP the re^t of tbe train load,., and come back, while Smith thought it over. When be relumed Smith still locked;dubious., • He held np the four.tickets—^two- to New-" York, two to Palatine—in his mind and said slowly, " Now vou say these two to P&Iktineare; gocd ? " Yes. " " And these- two, ; from Chicago to New V k, are net good ?- " Not worth the papei !v 7're printed on,, no sir." Then the condu .i. r began to-JgwWfimpatient and continued sharply Well,, sir, you must hurty up. Pay joor fare* or- I'll put yon off" Smith held up his tickets* again and said, with exasperating deubesa^tion : "Well, here are four tickets and fonrpeople. Who are yon uoipg to put off f The* condnctor looked at Smith a moment, bit hie* lip. pouched tbe four ticfectr, and left the car. —Albany Journal, 