{From thf'\ Ifesteje/i C/irenjcUf "JCaUvUle, Nova Scotia,: Wemesidy, faly rot T87p.] . THE A.>IHERST MYjSTEE,y..1 , The Aftihtrsl Gwctfe.publishes .faboutr two .columns of the ipurnal kept, hy > Waltq- HubbeU, \yhilc boarding. ;af DanieiTeed's to investigitfe lhe<f Atawtet.' Mystery" Theriative reiirds the obseiVa* ? tions made by Mr. Hubtiell, nbd contains ' spme very remarkable,: not la :tay! toagh' statements.. ;These, far instance.: 'Sfurii' 25,; I have, been', pulling..piml:but;r of; Either ailday, Which the invisible power: has-been sticking ihto all parti crf ,4ier/. pewmr/jl haw seen the pinscome out ' of the air and stick into the girl j lhey! hove also been' put - into I her. ears; "&> pUlled about thirty, pins out .qf.'.hek; toO day. It -« becoming.' m6re wonderful: and'unaccountable. A chair !was taken r out of my bed-room and thrown.'dpwiri stairs after .Esther Cox, no person; being: inthe upper part of the house: atljthe : time. . As we were-entering the. {iarfaur this .afternoon,- both stiw a chafcfUU icver': and jump up again ; and ware'.'both five feet from it at the.timfc". < The wgaties of household furniture,:; in Esther's, preset)are 'certainly! astonishing, according to Mr.' Hubbell'aj description, and much render t he. Teed r domicile anything but a quiet, boarding-! house,: while the habit that carving*-'; knifes, paper-weights, and other article?' appear, ton have : of Hying at boardfcra,- : must .be. more exciting than agreeable.' It: is certainly, surprising, with all the : boasted scientific discoveries of the nine*; teenth century, that no solution of these mysterious manifestations can. be found: and that nothing can Redone to: prevent their recurrence; ,-c [Ftem Tht "Banner of light"^Boston, '? Saturda^ /tily 12, 1879.] ;. We haye cited pn several , occ^pions0 the case, of Miss Esther Cox, the singular phenomena occurring in whose' presence have coated .so much interest and popular excitement ii|; Nova Scotia. The subject - i has' once tno.r£ (after a'. temporary" subsl ideoce) <m the wgye of discussion, an d we have before us in'the way of proof there of A.copy of the Amherst Ghtette, for 'Ju'tie 'ajj and ,,a letter from' Walter Hubbell, dated the 25th of last' month, - both of which seL the matter forth in ptain. langtfape- The Gaitfte says.: " " The manifestations in the presence . of this young lady. (Esther tox) have.re-.' cently befen of a veryliVely character.' She is now staying; at Mr. Teed's. !. S " The case has lately Keen watched closely by .Mr.' Walter Hutbell, who.has determined to spend some time in itsln vestigation." . ? NOTE.-While this work was in press. I beard from one of Dr. Carritte's des cendants that he was dead. From an other source'I heard that Jennie Cox was. married, and had left Amherst years ago,1' a.id that Esther has never been tormented by the ghosts since her marriage; but where she and Mr. Teed are living at the present time, . I haye not been able to ascertain. I have.good reason' to believe they are not in Amherst.-W.H, Mew YORK, March 1888. [THE Einx] 