Days oi Crime AND 'Years of Suffering. AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY 3 Reprinted from " The A ustralasian' of 1867 (by special permission J. (COOTINUliD FROM OCR LAST.) CHAPTER XXX. FBISON MTSTEBEES (CONTINUED.) " I returned to Air. Palmer, and related to hiic what the fellow had said, artd I represented that it would, in a by. point of view, be very impolitic to ~jrfe- Asron to go, as it would lead r Tnv.1 to think that, after all, paying i.1i >ti'l .•.•jeiu in the lease nccessary. With Mr. Palmers' concurrence I eat up that and made out a fresh retura, in v.; :o.'i tlie name of Aaron Dutch did not appear. " Tlie very day the men were called out it <iv liappeaed that the sheriff visited the Tslc-1. and Aaron, exasperated at his disi":;::iient, complained to the sberifi 1:--it I had threatened to keep him in the rn. uuies» he paid uie JC5 to be sent elsewhere. Mr. Palmer was present, and he informed the sheriff that I had nothing to i i j '.'. ith the selection of the meu, as he j aH?-.ys made the list out himsulf. The aheriir t -ok no notice of the complaint, ;.L.d Dutch was not sent away for some "WooiCS. " I have no w to speak of an event which gnsved me very much. It soon became kiiov to the prisoners that all business hid to be done through the * clark.' If a ;aau wanted a visit from a friend, the dark' was appealed to. If a billet was required it was the * clark' who was fee'd. If ttere was any money in the office it was the 1 dark' who was spoken to about it. In brief, every kind of crosswork that was required to be done had to pass tkrmagh the hands of the ' clark.' " One day a message came to me from a man named Batty, informing me that he would give me five pounds to send him to another station. I immediately went to the man and assured him that on receipt of the money he should be transferred* He told me that he had no money with him in the prison, bat that lie would send word out and get it. He accordingly sent a note to some girl with whom he had been living, directing her to give the * clark' of the gaol £0 to have him (Batty) sent to some better place. This note was delivered by a discharged prisoner ; and the house at which it was delivered was a brothel. The girl, after reading the note, threw it down upon the table. A few minutes afterwards the detective polioe bad occasion to pay a visit to the brothel, and one ol them took np the note and read it. Seeing in it that the gaol 4 clark' had to be bribed, they determined to the experiment themselves. With this view they got a person who was not known at the gaol to stop the fr&e; clerk of Tiptoa Gaol as he was leavin for home, and make him the offer of £5 if he would send Batty to another establishment. " The next morning the free clerk asked me (he knew very little of the business himself) it there was a man of the name of Arthur Batty in the gaoL I told him that there was, and he then asked me if I could oblige him by inserting his name in the next list of transfers. I answered that I could easily do it if he wished it. No more was said. I thought in my •own mind that Batty'sfriends had arranged with the free clerk in the matter, ana I was really glad, as the man had a large family, that he had the opportunity of obtaining a trifle. He was a veiy gentlemanly man, and was not in any way concerned in the doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, and Co., although, being shrewd, he judged that things were not exactly on the square. The next morning the free clerk entered the gaol oflibee as pale as a ghost. He was very much excited, and walked backwards and forwards in the <{£Sce without speaking a word. At last, turning to me, he said—' 1 am completely mined ; what my poor family will do Idon't know. God help me I I'm an unfortunate man." " He then went on to tell mo that on the preceding evening he had accepted a £5-note from a person who represented himself to be related to the prisoner, Arthur Batty, which sum was given him with the understanding that he was to se^d Batty away as soon as possible to eonie other station ; that the person who handod the money to him was in reality a police agent, acting with the sheriff's concurrence, and that the sheriff had himself witnessed, from some window, the transaction.* "'I have been sent for by the sheriff this morning,' said the poor clerk ; 'and there is a note in his possession which, officially referring to me as the gaol clerk, leads him to the conclusion that I am accustomed to accept bribes.' He would not listen to my protestations of innocence, but told me he had no alternation but to dismiss me at once.' " Indeed, indeed, I was heartily sorry for the poor gentleman, as he stoodbefore me so evidently distressed in mind at his position. He was well connected ; had been once a merchant in Belfast. I pitied him much because I knew well enough that he had never received a sixpence from anyone hefore by way of a bribe. In fact, he had no power whatever in Tipton Gaol to make it worth anybody's while to bribe him. He lived in an atmosphere of corruption, and he knew it; and though, perhaps, not venal by disposition, his surroundings served to prepare him to yield to the temptation, when the temptation was set before him. "I soon ditiooveted that the same weakness of character which had led the free clerk to accept the bribe had also allowed him to make use of moneys which he had officially received, and I confess that I then commiserated his misfortune less. " It was the 20th day of the month (I remember it well) when his dismissal took plaoe, and he then had in his possession all the money he had received from prisoners and other sources during the month, as it was his practice to settle with Mr. Palmer on tho last day of each month. The amount that, at the time of MB dismissal, he was indebted to the gaol was ' upwards of £50 and he had not a sixpenoe to pay it with. " Mr. Palmer was not in a position to quarrel with him, BO he accepted a promissory-note for the sum, and signed the accounts as if he had actually received the money. I saw the free clerk some time afterwards, when he was carrying on business for himself, and he then told me that he had never paid Mr. Palmer a sixpence, and never intended to do so. " The force of example is great, and, therefore, it is not very surprising that the turnkeys of Tipton Gaol were many removes from being immaculate. They had not, it is true, by any means a thorough knowledge of Mr. Palmer's character, but they knew eomething of his proceedings, and suspected a great deal more. NO wonder then that they were anxious to do a little business on their own account, without any distressing qualms of con- science as to whether it were legitimate or not. " Mr. Palmer, however, aimed at a monopoly; and no one could have studied more ^o keep his subordinates in the path of rectitude than he did. Secure himself, he made a point of hunting down othere the instant he became aware that they were trespassing on his domain. Two cases of dismissal I well recollect. "The first jras that of a man named Worth. He was attached to the laboryard of the prison, aud for some time had managed to cany on a very profitable business >rith the prisoners. On Mr. Palmers behalf I sold tobacco at 18a. the pound ; but Worth, as far as the laboryard waE concerned,-drove me out of the market by selling 2 pound of tobacco and & bos of matches for 15s. Gould this be tolerated 3 ilr. Palmer declared not. * That inim,' eeid Mr. Patiaer, with a glow of virtuous indignation, * that man must be detected.' " That man was a married man with » family, and I was not so callous-hearted as to fancy the job which Mr. Palmer's emphatic ' that man must be detected' pointed out for me to perform. I inti- i mated my disinclination to the task of detecting Mr. Worth, and so Mr. Palmer said he would take the matter into his own handB. " Two days afterwards the head turnkey was called into the office, and Mr. Palmar told him that Turnkney Worth (according to information given) was in the habit of taking away from the gaol any portable article of Government property that came within his reach, and that on that very night he was going to smuggle out a couple of quarts of lamp oiL And again Mr. Palmer pronounced the fatal words, * that man must be detected.' "And detected he was. As he was leaving the eorridor of the gaol he was 6topped by the head turnkey, and two bottles of the Government lamp oil were found in the pockets of his over-coat. Mr. Palmer recommended his dismissal, and dismissed he was. The same-week I disposed of thirty pounds of tobacco to the men in the labor yard! " But I have not quite done with Mr. Worth yet. A few days after his dismkr&L; he presented himself at the gaol, was introduced to Mr. Palmer's parlor, and on leaving it took with him a recommendation to the corporation of Tipton, and through it was appointed as an overseer by some municipal officer. " The other case of dismissal was altogether g of my doing. The work was cut out for me by Mr. Palmer, and I was stimulated to its performance by a personal animus. "The turnkey's name was Blackbird. I had known for a long time that he was engaged in * cross- work,' and I had sometimes employed him myself to do little errands for me, always paying him liberally for his trouble. On one occasion I happened to see a gold watch advertised for sale, and as I had some few pounds by me, which I had earned from the thiefadvocate, Mr. Sawyer, I got Blackbird to call and AGO the watch in order that I might purchase it if it were a good one, and cheap. Blackbird's report being favorable, I handed him £12 to pay for it, that being the price demanded. The day after Blackbird told me tfiat he had been drinking at a public-house and had lost the money oat of his pocket. ThiB story I aid not, believe, and I gave him to understand that he mast either bring me the watch or the money. He declared that be would do-neither, and dared me to speak about it. Six weeks passed away md Blackbird still had the money. So long had I been passive, but it was time to act. " I got to find out, through my sgents, that there was a man in the yard for whom Blackbird was in the habit of carrying out notes. It so happened that it was one of these agents who wrote the notes, and so I sent word to him to say that I should like to see the next note before it was given to the turnkey to take it out. The note was accordingly sent to me, and was to the following effect. I don't pretend to give the exact words, but merely the purport:— " 4 Dear friend,—The staff camo to me safely, and I now want a fin and some strikes. The bloak acts on the square, and you must sling him well for me. He telle me that Tom will mount for me, but I am afraid to hare him. I'm gsllid he'd settle me instead of turning me np. Give the fin and the strikes to the bloak, and tell him all particulars. " I distinctly remember that the note was signed with a cross, but the uame of the person to whom it was addressed I cannot recollect. It was, however, as I learned from my "agent, to be given to the barman of the bhip Inn in the first instance. " I made Mr. Palmer acquainted with the circumstances of the case, and he proposed having the turnkey searched as he was leaving the gaol. I objected to this, as after all, the note might wot be found, and Blackbird would in that case be alwavB on his guard. I suggested that the head turnkey should go to the Ship Inn in plain clothes, and tell the barman thst he was instructed to. call for. the note, and that he wished to know where he could find the person by whom it was left. I pointed out that his after proceedings would have to be determined by the barman's answer. It might happen that the party named actually lived at the Ship Inn, or, perhaps, would be really there when the head turnkey called, and in such a case a dilemma would arise. But I told Mr. Palmer that I was pretty certain, from all I had heard, that the party to whom the note was addressed would call there in the course of the evening to meet the tnrnkey, who conducted the business for his imprisoned friend. If this were the case, the barman would merely say he had received no note, and the head turnkey would reply, ' Oh, then, I'll step into the parlor, and when the note is brought you can bring it to me, and tell the bou»r to wait in the bar till I comb out.' " My suggestion was adopted, and to the Ship Inn the head turnkey repaired in the evening as soon as the lock-up in the prison was over, " Everything happened precisely as I expected. The head turnkey took a seat in the parlor, and Blackbird, half-au-hour afterwards, presented the note at the bar, and there remained until—to his consternation—the head turnkey walked ont of the parloar and said to the barman—* Is this the gentleman who brought the note ?' The barman replied in the affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I've no doubt, a very sheepish look, said that he was 'sold.' " The head turnkey reported progress to Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Palmer, when Blackbird appeared at the gaol gates the next morning, refused to admit him. " It was, I daresay, a mystery to som3 people how I managed to dress myself in so expensive a style; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold one round my neck ; how, in place of having a watch over me, I carried a gold one in my pocket; how, too, the usual order of things was so reversed, that when turnkeys addressed ms they called me Mr. Green, and that I in addressing them exhibited more brevity and less politeness. It was a mystery to the prisoners how some men who never seemed to work at all were liberated, on the reward labor-system, weeks before tho completion of their sentences. It was a mystery to me how the higher officers o: the Government could possibly be ignorant of Mr. Palmer's character, and that no searching investigation was ever made into the system (known to half tho world) which prevailed at his establishment. Lastly, it is still a mystery to me how, with such surroundings and such examples, it can be expected that a prisoner confined for any length of time in such an institution as Tipton Gaol can be returned to the world otherwise than twenty degrees worse than he entered it." Such were the experiences of David Green. I have heard it stated, that shortly after the publication cf Nidholat NicJdeb Mr. Diokens received a host of remonstrances from Yorkshire schoolmasters, who insisted on reoognising in Dotheboyshall their own particular establishment, and in Whackford Saucers a portrait of themselves. I should not be surprised if more than one or two gaolers should fit the o&p; on their own heads, but they are not likely to commit the indiscretion of wearing it in public. CHAPTER XXXL FAME A*D INFAMY. I have a conviction that there is tn htunan nature a sort of magnetism by which the opposite poles of feeling attract each other. This history owes its origin to such a belief. Had I been pious and virtuous, would you, my good reader, have cared about my experiences ? No; of course you wouldn't 1 You have quite a redundancy of piety and virtue of your own, and bring perfectly familiar with the 6tate of feeling which is ever the concomitant of these attributes of the soul, you wouldn't give sixpence for all that I could say on the subject. But, being what I am, my experiences are a different thing. You are quite sure that they are some* thing altogether exotic to anything you have known yourself; and thus, obedient to the magnetic principle above referred to, yon are forcibly attracted by the title of my reminiscences, and long for a glimpse of a phase of life so very dissimilar to those through which you have yourself passed. Now the action of the moral idiosyncrasy, if such it may be termed, might be traced in a variety of forms. It is apparent in the eager interest displayed in the perusal of every incident connected with sensational crime ; it iB made manifest in the morbid curiosity relative to the gallows-doomed ; it carries thousands to the gallows' foot to witness the dying "agonfcs of a law-strangled wrench ; and it is this—something in the same manner as corrosive sublimate is used to preserve wood from perishing— which embalms each notorious criminal in the very crimes that should lender him an object only of execration. In the old days in classic lands the temple of fame was placed behind the temple of virtue. But, to Bay nothing of a mors enlightened age, we live iu a pait of the world where $ora, fauna, and morality are alike antipodean. To be famous it is necessary first, beneath an Australian sky, to become infamous. Travel far and fast on the road of daredevil villainy, and thecrowd's acclaim shall fellow on your path. But alas for the nothingness of fame, be it that of the world's victor or the world's villain, the laurelled bard or the pistolled brigand. Years ago I was myself in a email way a celebrity ; but my glory soon grew dim, and the ungrateful public forget me in my prison darkness. Then another "hero of the rped arose to daszle the world with the brilliancy of hie exploits, ana Captain Melville became jrreat in the land. The Black Forest echoed'with'his renown, and the peopled city and lonely, homesle&d; alike, paid. tribute to his rjulie. Lucky gold-digger and money-making store-keeper, wealthy settlers and plethoric publicans, had each and all a tale to tell of Melville. But in the very zenith of his fame the" strong hand of the law crushed him to nothing, aua the «tar of his glory sadly set in the ^m-Vnpm of the hulk shadows neverpno^ej to rise. v -,- Then came the far-famed Galdiner, who made for himself a ,wide reputation. Bobbing mails, stopping gold' escort^ defying the police, here, there, iand everywhere, no day passed without a story of his reckless dariiig. Bat thiB-Vpight of the road, like the-knights of olden time, must need have a lady-love, and so— - " With one fair spirit for his minister," he sought a "desert" place, and no longer dazzled the would-be M^cheaths of the rising generation with Ins deeds of arms. Bat the destiny that had been so kind to him during his adventurous career frowned on him when he withdrew to in-.: glorious retirement. Justice soon had him in iU grasp; and although the o6urt-house of Sydney resound with the accliitnatious of his admirers on his being acquitted for the crime for which he was first, tried, in the second case he was less fortunate, and a penal settlement now olaims him for the next thirty years. Morgan is loid of the ascendant while I write, and his fame is of a redder dye than that of |ds predecessors. He is too sanguinary to be popular, and is ferocious rather than brave. He is not the Charlemagne of the bandit-kings, but the Alario, and destitute of ell chivalrio feelings, he will at last .walk to the gallows more cursed than pitied. It is In the prison, generally speaking, that crimp in all its grades is first seen through the halo of romance. A first introduction to the gaol may result from the presence of poverty, an impulsive act of wrong, or an isolated departure from the principles of rectitude. Subsequent convictions are,-in the majority of oases, for crimes committed in the spirit of romantic ardour. Youth—and strange to say, «Jucated youth in particular—once fallen, is crime-doomed for life. I am by no means theorising in making this statement, bat I speak from my (experience— speak from a knowledge of the antecedents of Boores of those around me. Take the best-educated and highest-principled boy that can be found in Melbourne, and place • him in an associated gaol for a year, and the chanoes are that he would very soon after his release be found with a revel rer in his belt and a good horae beneath him, galloping through the bush, quite a hero ia his own opinion, and delightedly anticipating the time whenthe press will chronicle his professional performances. The tendency of education whaa once priBont&inted;, to le&d; up to a criminal career is owing, I fcuppose, to the stronger power of im&ginetion; with which it is endowed, and the redundancy of spirit which it possesses. The one invests crime with a sort of heroic grandeur, and the other renders its proasessor less patient to oontrol, and mora eager for the lawlessness of a btushranging existence. What youthful novice walking the priaon-yavi for the first time, as he listens to the narratives of criminal rocklesane&a; and adventure, thiuka of crime for a moment as the evil thing it really is 1 He is a boy, and not a philosopher. His imagination is charmed, and his reason is inactive. His vision penetrates not to the back-ground, where &adly; was to be seen the despoiled victims of his infatuation. Generous in his disposition, he stops not to reflect upon the uttes stylishness of a robber's life, and constitutionally daring, he deems not that his attacks upon the unarmed and defenoeless are the doings of a coward. Neither y, stays he to calculate oonsequences; he recks not of yaars of prison life, nor is he deterred by the reflection that his career may terminate in a murdered viotim and a gallows-death. Fascinated by the romance of crime, he is blind to its fearful reality, and it is only after years of suffering have taught some dearly purchased lessons that the recognises crime to be the grim and imsightly thing it is. I have myself entertained all these imaginative notions with regard to the more daring kind of oriminal pursuits, and the years are not far distant in the past when I looked upon a higwayman as identical with a hero, and thought that guilt and glory were convertible terms. Iu possession of the cou£d»noe of many e£ those around axe at this moment. I am quit* justified, in view of their confessions, in declaring that half of the dating crimes commuted owe their origin to their socalled romaaoe. My own graver deeds of ill commenced in a sufficiently melodramatic manner. At the time to which I refer I wa* living at Geelong. This was some months after my release from Cockatoo Island. I had taken apartments in a respectable house in a suburbs of the town. These 1 had furnished in a manner corresponding with my tastes. On the walls were elegant en- i gravings ; a vass of the choicest flowers I could obtain ever graced the table. Oowper's poems (the reading of which ought to have made me a better man), the works of Byron, Moore, Mid Scott, Bacon's Esaays, Smith's Wealth of Natio Watts's Logic, and a Treatise upon 1'h umu, constituted my library. The most experienced detective would have been quite at fault in j adding of my pursuits by my surroHndiiigs. In fact, the landlady of the house subsequently declared to the public that I was so steady and so studious, that she thought I was iu some way connected with the ohuroh. Now I had furnished these apartments with money 'honestly acquired, and in. them I commenced leading a strictly honest life. I obtained a situation in a store at Geeloug, and received a salary of £2 per week, a sum amply sufficient for all my wants. At the expiration of a month, without any reason being assigned me, I was informed that my services were no longer required. I am ignorant -at this day of the cause of my dismissal, and at the time possessed too many silly notions about independence to oara to in- (TO EE CO^TIXU£D.) 