BRIEF MENTION. 'i he attraction of tho mail steamers, leaving Wniianmtown onrly in tho afternoon lately has induced a nuniper of tho light fingered irnternity spielem, and tho threo curd gentry to pay visits. Tina has been moro notioeablo during tho past fortnight, as tho cases cf pocket picking hnvo been most numerous. Yesterday Sergeant Coleman, who was on duty, had his ntttutlon called to two cases, ami it was only by a piece of good fortune, and the assistance of several accomplices thatnrrcstwero not made. Uowovcr, in ono case it was no clear that Oolenmn made a thorough overhaul ot a well-known criminal, but though a largo amount of money in batik notes was found, the stolon purees wrro not recovered. It Ir con sidered they wore hnmlud over to confederates, who were standing nfctliolmokof the thlnvec. However, within ten minutes the objectlonnblo visitors werosoon cleared off the pier by Ser geant Coleman, Senior-Constable Norgato of tho water police and his crew. About 8 o'clock vrsterduy afternoon a lumper named Henry "Wilson, working at tho nftor hatch of tho r.h. Orizaba, lyine nt the Wil- liamstown railway pier, mob with a very pain ful accident. Ho wan In tho act of catching tho Blings from tho man in tho trucks on tho nior when another sling of cargo jusb hove from tho hatch struck him on tho back, and the unfortunate fellow first fell to the wharf, and then overboard. Thomas Libbs, tho foreman attending the hatch, saw him going overboard, and springing to the pier, clambered down to tho fonder below, and managed to pet hold of Wilson before ho sank. Dr Bllsou, of tho Fort Denisou, was called— tho Orizaba's doctor being away— and found that two or threo fingera of tho right baud wore broken, and tho lower por tion of his leg injured. Wilson later on was forwarded to tho Melbourne Hospital. A casn of - spontaneous combustion took place yesterday afternoon in ono of tlm railway trucks nt tho Willlainstown railway pier. At tho time there were a largo number of persons returning from tho Blcamers Orient and Orizaba. During the day a quantity of cargo nan oeeti raicen troin the hold of the ship Salamls, and placed in trucks for romovnl to Melbourne. (Shortly before threo o'oloak a Binail keg, which is supposed to have contained some kind of acid, exploded, and in amlnuto tho contents of tho truck ' were on fire. For tunately, the accident was noticed by a number of railway employes, who at once shunted the truck onto a siding and, with the hose, ex tinguished the fire before further daiuago had resulted. Mr Hall, tho station-master, was very reticent, about the matter, though it is likoly an investigation will bo niado to r.rxrr- tain what kind of acid tho cask contained. Had tho explosion taken place In tho hold of tho vessel whilo at sea, it h likely tho ship and con tents would liavo been destroyed. At the meeting of tho ' Pilot Board hold at Melbourno yesterday, Pilot J. W. B. Tregunther, who has been connected witli tho service for 2U years, sent in ins resignation, which was accepted. It Is possible tho vacancy will not bo filled, as several of thointercolomnl steamer? now use their own pilots'. A plasterer named Louis Napoleon Cuntor, age 23 years, living iu Br- ndigostrcet, Prahran, was admitted to the Alfred Hospital to-day suffering from covt-ro injuries to his baok, caused by falling off a scaffold. One oft he four members of thcWilliamatown eight, who was suspected to liavo assisted In the notorious " sell " of the mteicolonial trial spin, lias forwarded his resignation to tho sec retary of thu Williamstown Rowing Ohtb. If the other three follow in duo courso wilhm tho allotted time thorn will bo no necessity to hold the pending meeting, tho direct object of which would Ikj expulsion. A fino largo fox was caught yestordoy at EhhcwTou on the famous Abcrfeldiu Estato at the residence of Mr W. T. Wright. Renard wa3 captured by tho surveyors, Messrs Noall and Plumpton, who enjoyed a grand chase. With reference tot ho assertion by Mr Lew in yesterday's Herald that his next doo'r neighbor did nob resido on the premises, which was made in contradiction of n statement mado by Sergeant Greer to tho effect "that Mr Young, tho neighbor referred to, did nob re turn for tho night till 12 o'clock, and though there is only a thin partition between tho two places ho (Mr Young did nub hear any uoiau-durlng tho night of thn burglary." Tho officers investigating tho affair state that although Mr Young does not generally occupy the premises by night ho sometimes sleeps' there when engaged in his shop late, and did so on tho night of tho'nllcgfed burglary. " Have you seen the ghost is tho question of tho hour ab Moonco Ponds. During the past week a misguided mortal— supposed to ho a young mortal of -the masculine gender— has beeu plnylng tho part of an apparition with sonic degrcu of success in tho moro lonesome parts of Ascot Vale and tho Ponds, In accord ance with tho custom of npiritu from time im memorial, he appeared principally at night. Tho "spoon" in something of n innslier, his attention to tho fair sex being most) marked, muufcu vy uu ihc.uii jla-nmicawai, a wo young ladies of tho township liavo been badly frightened by tho "going, on" of tho spectre, and now a vigilanco committee is being formed by tho young men of tlm place, for tho purpose oi "laying tho ghost." Tho commltteo of management of tho Me!-- bournc Sailors' Iloiim held their usual monthly meeting at tho institution. Speucer street, on Tliur«dny afternoon. Tho superintendent (Captain Douglas) reported that tho daily avcrngo of boarders had been 32, and lodgers 20\. Monoy received for safe-keeping amounted to L104 2a Cd, and L109 10a 0<1 had becu re paid. Shipping had been brisker of late, and several craws had been shipped front the Homo. Ono man, who had btien chief mate of set oral vessels, being very ill and friendless, woa.a11owed to remain in hopes of his recovery. An interesting lecture was delivered by Captain Barry in the Towu Hall last Thursday night. His Worship tho Mayor (B. Benjamin, Esq.), wits in the chair. Captain Barry kept lila audience far two hours, and tho chairman, iu making a few remarks, said ho had never listened to a moro interesting lecture on tho foundation of theio colonic than CaptAiu Barry had delivered, nnd if it had nor been for the inclemency of the weather tho hall would un doubt liavo been crowded. Tho sauno lecture will bo delivered in tho Collingwood Towu Hall on Tuesday night. Tho annual deinontLraUon of tho metropo litan fire brigades promiro to be a groat huo- cess. It wilt bo under tho patronage of His Excellency tho Governor and Lady Loch tho Premier, Chief Secretary, tho Speaker, and a host cf Parliamentary. Municipal, Insurance, Banking and Commercial representatives. Tho demonstration commences with a church parade on tho afternoon of Sunday, 20th insk at thn Molboumo Town Hall, when tho ReV. Dr Brumby, assisted by tho St. Pnuft pro- Cathedral choir, under tho. conductorshlp of Mr w. J. Turner, will rondr a full choral' service, and collections will bo mado in aid of tho charities. Both tho Governor and Lady Loch have intimated their intention of being present. Tho annual torchlight procession will take plnco aa usual yn tho night before tho Qucon's birthday. Tho brigadoa will anscmble In King street nnd innroh along Collins street, aud pass tho old Treasury to tha l'owktt street rcseaye. Arrangementshavo been mado with tho Tramway Company to stop tho trams on tho Collins street mictions. This route boa bocn selected with tho approval of' ibo Mayor as beiug the least likoly to inconvenience -'the public, and yet afford the citizens u good uight of tho fljiectnolo. Tho programme for tho Queen's 'birthday comprises a variety of uvcuta including practical illustrations of n fireman's liio, fighting tho fi'ttmtt, and a Judicious selec tion of raci'H nitd nmUHomeitti for tho gonorai nnblio. A grand art union is one of tho features of the dt-mnnitration. A crrosiKHuient writes to us to say that last night ho was travelling on a Brunswick stroot tram car when a vuhiolo in -which a lady and gentleman wcro seuti-d orossnd in front within so short a distance (hat, hnd It nob been for tho presence of mind shown by thn griptunu, who pulled up. a serious aucldoub nuiftt hnvo resulted. Tlio number of thu car \va% 02. Tho tistial weekly meeting of tlio Newsboys, hold Innt night, was as snccesnful an heretofore. Mr Foratcr amiouncod tlmt aovnn gontleiiien had ngroed to contributo IAO caoli fiwnrdn tho liquidation of thu debt on tlio Toornk hall. Ho also, in view of thn bod weather, np|ienled to friends of the lads to roineinkor tlio need of old clothoa for which there was increasing de mand. Thu following donations for tin) week ware acknowledged i— Mrs Officer, ulothru j Mr« Hill, olothus ; M.C., 10s to online rouin ; Mrs Itynii, MIrs Scoitand nFrlotid.cloihes; Mr G. Bliaw, LI to onffoo room ) Mr Nichol, books hire Hnrricks, olothea Mrs Imwton, clothes. Tho olasn will give a sjiecial xir- inrrnanco at tho ftivonilo Exhibition on Tues day night, tho 16th itist Uunio time ago Mr T. Pyko edited a «ix- jwnny illustrated book of vory cotisidernbln interest to young AutralintiR and colonists nt large, under tho titlo "Australian Herons and Adventurers." This wan announced as tlio first of n series to bo called tho " Advance Australia Berks." Tho socond number Iiuh lust tuicn issued, with tin) title " Bu«h Tulea by Old Travellers and riotnow." Mr Pyko sava in his preface that the talcs nro "selected from ninny old books and Journals long since out of print nnd not now to Iwi found tirxm thu Rhelves of the kobkxcllor— Buchnn Charley, tho Bushranger ; Lifeon tho old Cattle Station Old Coaching Dave: A Night Adventure. The comniendablo in dustry of Mr Fyke, seen in more than ono interesting nnu nanny book which ho lias com piled, i'h an example of how nyoung Australian tuay npond liin leisure, howovcr brief, in con tributing to tho information nud enjoyment of his fellows, which deserves not only praise, but cmcourngoincnt. The noxt of tho series pro mised is the lifo of William Buoktoy, tho Wild WhitoMannitd thu Port lMiHlip Blacks, and. liko its predecessors, it will bo published nt Oole'a Book Arcndo. Wo are requested to inform intendiii:? com- imtitors that entries for the Fire Brigndo con tests, athletic and brtyido rates, and baud competitors in comicottuu with tho Metro politan Fire Brigades' Annual Demonstration on tho Queen's Birthday, olose this evening nt lOrun. Major Dane's lecturo last night at tho Athenrcum Hal), on tho " 9 rout Naval Bnttlcn of tho . American War," was a maRterpicco of oratorical and dramatic dis play. It would bo difficult to imnginu any thing more effective than tho Majors dcperlp- turn of tho fight between the Monitor and tho Merrimao; tho battle of tho MbtdMippi Forts ntid of Mobile Bay. Tho uiulieticu wero simply enthralled by bin forvld cloquuuoo nnd Rplendid acting. Major Dntio cotitiudes his lectures next week. The Bay Excursion Company announce by advertisement in our shipping columns that thn new und uisguificeut puddle steamer, Ozone, will run to QueenficlifF nud Sorrento to- morrow (Sunday), Monday, and Wednes day next. To-morrow nho will leave tho Port Molbonrnn Railway Pier nt 11.10 a.m., re turning before dark should tho weather iui>. provo the Ozone should be well patronised on Sunday as nho is tho only steamer running on tlmt day The newly formed South Molbonrnn Pri vate Quadrille Assembly inaugurated the rea son on Friday night with n danco in thu largo hall of thu south Melbourno Town Hall. There were some 70 or 60 couplus present, and dancing was carried on to tho strains of Ryan's Bund till midnight, ' Tho secretary, Mr 1. I?. Loving, nnd the members ot tho committor, MctisrA Bruce, M'Cloery, Sloui, llilj, M'Nell. nud Gcorgo. worked exceedingly hard, nud they nro to bo congratulated on tho suecrss of the initial dance. Tho assembly is likely to bccama very popular. The lion. W. ll. llobertn, M.L.O., last night opened an Interesting cake, apron nnd clioco- lato fair at tho Temperance liall, Williams- town, m commotion with tho local Congre gational Sunday School. There was a good attetulanco of visitors. Miss Mnry Devlue won tho piizo for the best onku hy girls, and Mr M'K. Hislop that for "boys" between 17 and 70. 1'liu refreshment stall was in charge of Mrs Armstrong and Mirsos Hnhbard and Kchry fiowcr stall, Misses Trtt, A. Kohry, Parkin, Halloy and Wlilto ; preserve, Jelly nnd him stall, MesdnmcH Hughe?, Forlrin ana Miss Lauor ; apron stall, Mrs Mitctiell and Minscs Maynnrd and Kohry j ohocolato stall. Misses White, JoIuiboii, and Kohiy fruit ana produce stall, Misses Hall and Lnwthcr ; tea stall, Mrs Hunt and MIhs Darkly, A group of gentlemen were telling domestic " yarns " tho other day, and ono reminded one of them of a lady fioriculturully fnolinuri, whoso husband would frequently amblo home iu a "highly constrained" condition, nnd yet ho was always vehemently assorting that ho was duly sober, Finally sho begnu putting tho 11 pans word" system into execution, and his admission nightly depended very much on bin ability to pronounco tbo word given out, Ono night It wos " clirysantbomum )" ns his step was unsteady, and so was his tongue, ho couldn't pronounco it straight to savo his neck, aud judgment was ontcred against him : iu other words, the good wife refused to open tho doinvTho next night, his condition was oven more befuddled, but lip had Rteadily practised on "chrysanthemum until ho couid say It diunk or sober, aud homo ho started, aud no sooner had he knocked than he ydled, in reasonably clear tonka "ehrya-an- tho-mum." " But the password has been olinnged— it's rhododendron," said tho wlfo. "Goad night," said he. "Tlmt reminds mo," said a second gentleman, " of a well known man about town, whoao only fAlling in his disposition to drink to excess at stated periods. And when he was on one of these bouts, nnu was a littles doubtful of his i-ect>tbn at norao, ho ti9cd to walk by tho porch aud throw his hat in. If it was kicked off ho walked away to finish his debauch, but it the hat wn9 nllowod to remain he sneaked in, and mado his peace as best ho could." A very pleasant ovouing was spcut li.-t Fri day at the OastlcmainoTloloI, when tho gentlo- men in connection with tlm ofllgo of Messrs John Sharp and Sons mot to present Mr Scott (tho acconntant) with a testimonial prior to his leaving that firm. Tbo chair was occupied by Mr Janms G. Tribe, who, iu a succeh of con siderable length, dwelt on tho busiuesscapAcity which Mr Scott had shown during tho 7 years he had filled the Important position as head of tho office, and as a token of tho high apprecia tion in which ho was held by tlieiu. ho pro- sen ted Ma Scott with an elegantly illuminated address and a handsome cedar office table, re marking that it was tho oarnest praynr of au that ho might long live to uso it in Ins now business. Tho toast was honored w'th tho usual musical strains, after which Mr Soott mado a suitable reply, thanking his old asso ciates for their many expressions of goodwill towaruoJilm and his. From an advertisement in our columns it will bo seen that Mr Soott Is commencing business as u laud and estate agent at Albert Parle. Some emtio are known to huvo a fancy for chewing bonoa and scraps of leather. Ou Thursday olternoon Mr A E. Osmond, 'one of our local butchors (write tlio IJrl/nft Gazette) killed a prime tnt bullock which muit liavo bocn quito a curiosity huhtor. When killed it wus found to hnvo in Us Ktum&ch; six and a half pounds weight of the following articles, which wo instttctod lost evening i— Braes buckles, plcoes of lead and iron, brass knob of a door, part of a jmir of snuffers, iron uuts nnd bolt, euvoral nailx, piece of wire, picco of tho sole of a boob with tacks in it. a largo number of irmall smooth stones, from tho sixo of a marblo to a pigeon's egg; nho numerous pieces of china nud brokuu glass. Tho bullock was bought from Mr Holden, and was in pcrfocb health, indeed a prime fat beast. 