Enslavement of Labour. Some allowance for severity of irritation and.onesidedness.of view must always be made in" estimating the value of senti ments expressed in the fierceness of acute political or social conflict. • But the same discount cannot be claimed for statements deliberately made by responsible: persons in explanation or defence of a line of action entered on with forethought and purpose. The warmest sympathiser with the self-defensive action of the miners at; Hcwcastle will not regard the explana-; tory statement issued by the secretary of the union as exaggerated or misleading. Hr. Curley said what he meant to say, , what he had been cogitating for months, what he had resolved to say when; the; opportune moment came. The gigantic; issues of the strike; the paralysis of trade; the temporary deprivation of; customary comforts' by thousands of families ; resentful "horror at the un expected, firmness of the. masters,. did' ,not~;irritate • hiin; into. rash, statements.; 'So"we' inay accept His published' senti ments as the reliable convictions of the great mass of people- wlio look to him as their leader. His view of the present' conflict is that it is:a compulsory protest against a menace to degrade, ruin, and' enslave labour. Ho great harm has yet; been done;'.a "menace" only has been made by employers. Ho actual; tyranny: or despotism has goaded the workers into a hostile, attitude.; ;The utmost; that can be said in defence of the attitude of hostility;is: " Labour has been menaced and its degradation attempted in a manner which they (the miners) have partially .experienced." . There is no assertion that such actual injustice lias been done as imperatively calls for the mobilisation of all the reserve forces of labour for the object of inflicting summary and terrible ven geance on convicted tyrunts. There is no direct charge of injustice or exaction, or degradation. The whole strike, with all its exasperating contentions, all its paralysing ramifications, - nil its disastrous relations and results, is the expression of annoyance at a " menace," and/an " at-; tempt" to " degrade labour." "Whatever tyranny or oppression may have been apprehended the " experience" has been but "partial." In Brisbane last. week.men approved of this .striko and pledged themselves to; support 'tho strikers although tlicy confessed they did not understand the merits of tho case. It ■was enough that it was a labour dispute and the workers must bo right. "We are not discussing the merits of the.caseeithcr* that is, the series of minor differences that have arisen between the requirements of the employers and the alleged rights of the employes. "We are considering the most prominent of thealleged causes for this revolt against the masters. These arc '.' the_more equitable distribution1,of profits," and the threatened " degrada tion, ruin, and enslavement of labour." If workers wish to control the balance sheets.of productive industries the .way is quite open to them. Not a single barrier obstructs their enterprise.^ The resources i of. Australia* have: no .prefe rences for agencies by whom they may bo developed. The entire1 country is open to co-operative industry., .If workmen will economise for a' few years and put their savings together.they may form any sort of industrial company that will suit their taste or interest. If it be deroga tory, to laboiiT; to; adapt itself- .to.; the.In terests and conditions of the capital by which it is employed; if it be intoler able thatieapitalists should insist , on con ditions for the use "of their'money that are not entirely self-sacrificing and philan thropic on their part; if the protection of the, interests of .capital, be, a menace to the dignity of labour, and an attempt to degrade it; if such protection threaten Jtol /enslave', and j ruin" lahomy.it; is) quite time that labour should resort to the true remedy.. • v. It will not .help itself, by ab stention from work;' it will not "dignify itself in .one section by living on labour rin-feth'er-sections ;'--it -will -notifectify imaginary injustice by vengeful retalia tion for menaces and < probabilities. But it may rid itself of all apprehension of •'./degradation and enslavement"—we,will not say " ruin "—if it will dispense with capitalists and assume sovereignty in its own realm. , There is nothing,.in law or reason" to prevent; wage-earners' from using their own brains and money and hands solely for their own' benefit. They may sink a ,shaft and. work a colliery; they may start a'boot factory and cany it on; they may originate a foundry or a fitting shop, or carriage works; they may run, a/newspaper "or a printing ofifcert The whole field lies "open before them. The only hindrances probably are the lack of money and the apprehension of loss. Very few;-, businesses pay at the start,. But labour docs hot share the risks of failure. Labour. has' not: the disappointment of "no retums." Take, for illustration, the Metropolitan Tramway Company and the Ipswich "Woollen Company. The Tramwaj'.Compnny finds, employmentfor a large'number'of hands ; it" has done "so for years; it has sustained numerous families and a little army of single .men. Wages have been paid; there has been no " menace " of " ruin;" no " degrada tion." There cannot be "enslavement" so long as employes are free to come and go. Slavery means forced labour.- In Australia the word is a satire., In no other part of the world is labour lighter/ freer, or better-paid. But whilst the'cmployes of the Tramway Company have been paid their wages, shareholders have not drawn a "penny in dividends. It is not unlikely.that .were a dividend forthcoming there would be a demand 'by the employes' for' " a more equitable distribution of profits." A divi dend is what the shareholders will be glad to see ; but they have not regarded the demands heretofore made for equitable conditions' of work as a menace tb the dignity of capital or a threat to ruin and enslave it. A similar condition of rela tions has prevailed in the Ipswich Woollen Factory. For about .ten years the share holders canted this business on without remuneration for the use of/their money; but the workers got their wages. How long.does it take to sink a shaft and open iip; a "coid 'mine at Newcastle ? One of'the mines now vacated by the strikers absorbed £30,000 before there was the ghost of a. chance for dividends; aye, before it was known that the mine could be, successfully worked. A large portion of that money went into the pockets of men who had no share of the risk. Men wlio claim a share of the net profits of capital should bear the risks of capital to. the extent of their de mand of "actual participation. But ih'lfr. Curlcv's ethics the rights of capital aro a menace : to: the dignity of labour. Any attempt to conserve tbo interests ol capital threatens "-the ruin.and enalavo me'nt of' luhour.'' What a burlct^ae if •facte this isJ, .When men are free to coine and gQ os they please; when they are free to combine for self-protection; when they can7 combine and dictate terms to employers, or paralyse capital and disturb the entire commerce of a country, where does enslavement of labour come in ? Is not tho enslavement on the other side? 