I Hawaiian Superstitions, j A Verandah Chat, BY BELLE OSBOURXE. 'What a superstitious lot these Kanakas are I' says Joe', who- is stretched out in the bamboo .chair on the verandah, . the moon light throwiog tbe shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen;, 44 ifvthey have tbe toothache, anditTains,wby,heaven wecp3 in sympathy ; if the little &si;&: steals the raw fi^h of j his grandmother, baug. goes the thunder, and heaven is. angry. , ' uThey uever seem to think,' says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, 'that if heaven wept with everyone who had the ^heartache, by Jore ! this .would be a pretty damp place to live in 1' 1 I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely the most. beautiful tiee that grows, almost too perfect ;ih shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. 44 Yes,' I say, reflectively— bang 1 falls a mango on the roof — 44 they, are full of a thousand little j saperetitiou3 . tricks and mysteries r.doiit you know how they pound little sticks idto^thc ground before their enemies'' house's'' ' ''r, * What's that for?'- -: from tho ham mock. ' ?4 It brings death to any one who step3 on them.. Ob, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely- enough ; bub as sure as anything is the matter with them, they get frighteued and send for their kahunas'- - *. ' And what might a kahuna, be i 44 Oh, those hzhunasi'1 Joe gives anim-' ' patient kick ; 4* they make me tired I They do tfie awfulest things ! They are a sort of doctor .and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the fire ! and gets burnt.* Kahtma. comes, eats apiece of roasted black pig — ' . j 4.lt' is always a black pig,' I interrnpt. 'and then' they, go to sleep and pretend to. dream.' V Who s telling this story a man always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife — 44 When he finishes his mummery with the black pig, or chicken, ,or cat, be heats a board red hot and applies it to the. burn, now on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know.' 44 The strangest thing to me,' I remark^ in a meek snubbed way, ,k is tbe anaana 'T've heard of that,'* said he* of tbe brass buttons, lighiing a cigarette, and. giving a momentary Rembrandt effect of broad wbitft foreh'ead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; 'but do you really be lieve it?' - . 44 Believe it 1 Why, the kahunas have in theuv'power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If ..they suspect the priest going to anaana them, or pray tberu to .death, tfiey lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses, or aibtbe king's men, to say nothing of .the 'white doctors, can save them.' '?Well, you know,' from Joe, 'Doctor Thompson says that he is absolutely power less to save a man who .is being prayed to ,death. lie say's he has tried to argue, wifh -them' that their diseasf is not fatal and they can not die, but the- prove their side of the argument by giving' up the ghost.^/ 'I remember when' our ship was at Silo,' said the navy qfllcer, ' we heard of a native politician who got awfully angry at three men for 'non voting his ticket,' He^paida kahuna a lot of money to anaana them. Tbe three men defied him for a time,' and swag gered about, pretending not to care', bat. they gave right up to the'.'first ailment-thcy bad ; one died bf a cold, another, succumbed to the mumps, and the third one' simply kicked the bucket because be realised, that it was bis fate.' ♦ '.They predicted when Like-Like was go ing to die,' I chip in. 44 You never saw her did y6u 1 She was young, bright, gay, and the best looking of the royal family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and spoke English fluently. She seemed v- be above superstition; and yet she died when they said she would.' ? 'And when was that j 41 When the lava 'flowstopped. It would not have been so strange had slic known of tha.event, but she died, ana it was after her death tbatjthe steamer came'in from Hawaii with the:m-ws that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her hist.' 'I wonder,' says Joe, 'if tbelara flow ever yet caught Tele's pig?' . 41 1 know,' says 'the navy officer, 11 that' Pele is the Goddess of Fire and lives in the volcano. I know that ebe used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives .will go \o the volcano and drop money, fci, and even dogs into the boiling lava— but I never knew she owned such an unromantic thing as a pig.' . ? 44 Oh, she dosen't own him,'VI say 'he is the pest of .her life 1 She hates -him. 'The natives say ho lives in tbe distritif1 of Kona, and that when Pele Is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, he comes oot of his laii; and roams ovpr the premises. They say she gets bopping mad, and flare, up, and bubbles, and finally ch'ases him with streams ®t red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down the Kohd side of the mountain.' ' Then how do they account for the great flow of '18US that came so near destrovine Bilo 1' . ' Oh that was such a. blow to the mission aries !' I saj with a malicious chuckle. ' They try so hard to combat the natlro sup erftifiona. There was a big eruption, ar.d a Itreat fltiw rolled down the mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hllo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and people had to run to get out of the way ; but'it is like a hugo wave of molasses, rolling and curling, and semilog out long, snaky tongues. It cools rapidly ou tup, like a crust, hut keens breaking through at the ei)i;e, aad buWb:inK;i It was eight months crawling towards Hilo,: until one more day's flow would havo des troyed thc-to\vn,' : Joe laughed. 'Lord! how the people werr gotting out of tlilo I Especially the Portu-i guese, who wore leaving in shoals. ? The mis-! sionaries prayed every day. by the tlow, and1 prayers wero Ottered up In all tho churches; It did seem as though, after allthese inonths,' on a downward slope, nothing on earth could1 gave thu town.' . r i 'They appealed to rrincess'Ruth.'.' I con timie, 'She was the lint descendant of the great Kamehrnnehas, you know, and the native? believed In i,Cr, so when they grew frightened they sent for hor, and thehu-o princess — ' 0 ? ' Bear littlo thing I' laugTu Job '?? siio only weightU four hundcred aud eighty pounds! ' J ' Well, thoy carried her in a litter to the place, and she stooil in front of the lava, and threw ill some »aerilleei—' ',A don, itoiue money, a bottle of gin. aud a silk dress,' said Joe. —'And nppvaled to tho Goddess Polo, begging her to save tho town, aud rcmlndlntr her of hor promise never to liarm Hilo. Jht'» sue saul calmly to her aerfants 1 ft will 'Uoyou-knowwliatsho dld?' cried Joe. enthusiastically ; u ahu wentinto it cottage in the vety teeth ot tho How, nnd slept. There's faith for you, ? And' it stopped 1 The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of lire rolled back on Itself and stopped I Afad there you can see to this day the black hardened invtt only n few yards from tbo outskirts ol Hilo.' ? ? I 'No.wonder thoy nro superstitious,' say* I tho navy otllcor, 'Alow euch coincidence* ' would affect anybody* I wonder, thooj^i, if the missionaries would have called it^ier stition if the flow had stopped in. anawerio their prayers?' » \- 44 Don't you remember when Prince Lun alilo was buried?' says Joe;- 'that was enough to make anybody superstitious.'. 14 What was that?' the navy officer si£s up, ( balancing himself in tbe hammock so that the. moonlight glitters on hi9 blonde head. 'Tell us all about it.' ' Ting-a-ling— ting-a-ling?' . !'lt's only the telephone,' I say,- as I go to * tbp instrument. ' 44 Lieutenant B. wanted on board the . Adams .' {? ^4 Oh, pshaw from tbe hammock,' 'That -»?&? telephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes— I say, please ring |zd one-forty-eigiifc for. a carriage, will you? and tcllus about Prince Lanalilo .while it's coming.' . ! . * » ? 44 Well, I. say, curling up comfortably in the corner of tbe steps, 44 be was an immense favorite, you know.' , # ' Yes, I know — jblly feVJow — heard lots of good stories about him.' ' When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other his place % or burial. was afterward changed, and when j bis body was removed the natives asksd the j uoverbinent' for another* salute of twenty four. guns, to which the answer came that ; i they had already buried him with all the' honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were- hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm* came up, thousands followed bis body to its last rest ing-place. . As the cortege passed into the ? gates of the cemetery,, the thunder burst . forth, and everybody declares that twenty four distinct claps were, counted.' 'Oh, take off one clap,' says the lieuten- q ?ant, flippantly, as he looks for his hat. 4*Well, I declare lis that rain ? After this moonlight, who would have-thought it! Well, good- bye. ' ? JJeha xut, ns the natives say.' . i ' Good-bye. So sorry to have you go. You see 4 Heavien weeps in Bympatby.' ' T 1 ' 