The Mail Driver's Yarn. ¡ (BY " Cur BONO.") Once while travelling on Cobb and Co.'s coach, in the western district, I got into a yarn with a driver whose name was Jem. As he was rather a dry matter- of-fact sort of man, I did not antici pate much from him when I said, r Jem, did you ever see a ghost ?' To my surprise his reply was ' Well, sir, I believe I did. Anyway, I saw something that gave me the greatest scare I ever got in my life. It happened when I was a boy ; and that's a good while back now. But I often wish it hadn't happened, or else that I could forget all about it. If you care to hear the yarn, I'll spin it. Anyway, it will help to while away the time as we crawl up the mountain ahead of us.' He then told me the following story : I was born on the Hawkesbury. My father was a farmer ; and we, my father, mother, and myself, lived on a small farm, which, without much assistance besides our own labor, yielded us a fair livelihood. Just below us, on the river, lived an old couple, who, having no children of their own, had adopted a little girl about 10 years old. She was a nice bright, little child, and a great comfort to tho old people, who soon got as fond of her as if she had been of their own nosh and blood. Living close together, and having no other playmates, Tilly (as she was called) and I soon became great friends ; and we Bpent most of our spare time together. , She often came, when she could be spared, to stay with my mother (who was not very strong) when I and my father had occasion to be away in the bush. Her winning ways soon made my mother very fond of her. One day a miserable, evil-looking s wagaman came to the farm where Tilly's adopted parents lived, and asked for work. The old farmer told him that he could not afford to keep a man at regular work, but that he might stay a few dayB and rest if he liked ; and if he would cut a bit of wood occasionally, and do any odd job which might he required about the place, he would be welcome to his keep. The old lady did not like the look of the swags man, and said so. But her husband replied that looks did not go for much, and that he did not like to send the man away, when he seemed weakly and tired. Horton (that was the name the swagsman gave) stayed on. Week after week passed by; and, as he asked no wages,'and was pretty handy about the place, the old farmer got used to him ; and he was treated as one of the family, dining at the same table, and sleeping in an outhouse close to the main building. There was one peculiarity about the man which caused at first some remark, but afterward, when they got used to his wayB, ceased to excite any wonder. Horton rarely spoke, unless compelled to answèr a question. He would Bit in the kitchen, whioh served aB a sitting-room for the family at night, and gaze steadily at the fire, if there was one. If not, he would lean his head on his hands, and seem quite unconscious of all that might be going on around him. In the winter evenings Tilly would learn her lessons, while the farmer, his wife, and Horton would sit and dose by the fire after supper was over till bedtime, which was usually at half past 9, when they would all retire for the night. The cottage was a Bniall one, consisting of only two rooms and a skillion. The two rooms were used, one aB a kitchen and sitting-room, and the other as the old couple's bedroom, which opened into the sitting-room. This waa large, with a \ window looking out into a little patch of garden ,in front of tho house Tilly slept on a sort of box bed or sofa in the sitting-room, under the window just mentioned, and next tho side wall of her adopted parents' bedroom. You will understand presently why I havo given these particulars. Horton slept in a shed at the back, used as a washhouse in the cold weather. . ' In July my mother was taken very ill ; and my father and I had to nurse heir-as best wo could-with tho tisoistanco of Tilly, who came over as often as ßho could be Bparod. In tho days I am speaking of, thirty or forty yoarB ago, doctors were scarco ; and, besides, wo hadn't the means to employ ono, oven if he had been avail able, and within a reasonable distance--whioh he wasn't. Well, one night roy father and I were sitting sadly over the fire ; both of us thinking, I expect, about my mother, and afraid to hope almost that she would recover. I fancy we tnuBt have doled away tho time ; for the fire got low, and we were afraid to go to bed for fear of dis turbing my mother. At last my father asked me the time. I looked at the clock, which hung on the wall over the bedroom door ; and told him the time. It was a quarter past 2. Ho said he'd have a nap, as he was nearly knocked up with sitting up night after night, and being unable to get any rest in the daytime. He told me to keep awake, and rouse him if mother talked or moved. I didn't feel in the least sleepy, and waB only too glad to be allowed to sit up and wait by the fire. There I sat for some time looking at the coals while my father slept, when suddenly, like a flash, the back of the wide brush fireplace seemed to open ; and I saw the figure of Tilly, aa she was usually dressed, glide through the fire and pass between my father's ohair and mine as we sat on each side of the hearth. She passed noiselessly across the room, did not seem to notice us, and appeared to enter my mother's bedroom. It was no dream 5 and at the time, though much astonished, I was not frightened, but gradually I began to think I had seen something not of this world. I stole over to my mother's bedroom. There was no Tilly there ; and mother was sleeping quietly. I went back to the room where my father was, and woke him, and I told him what I had seen. But he only smiled, and said I must have been dreaming of my little sweetheart. He then said that I had better go and have a sleep, and that he would watch till morning. I went to my bed and lay down, and after a time fell asleep think ing over what I had seen, and wondering what it could mean. Early in the morning I was roused by voices talking in rather an excited tone in the next room. I got up. I had not undressed. I went to" see how my mother was. I found her much better. My father called me out, and told me that poor little Tilly had been killed early that morning by the tramp Horton, who had been kept and fed by our neighbors. The circum stances of the murder were these, which I heard poor Tilly's adopted father tell my father : The night before the farmer and his wife and Horton had been sitting over the kitchen or sitting-room Are, as usual. After a time the fire got low. Tilly had gone to her bed, in the corner of the room. It got chilly; and the old farmer remarked, ' IfB cold to- night. I'll go and get a bit more wood, and make the house warm before we go to bed.' Horton looked at him strangely, and said, ' No, farmer ; no one shall leave this room to-night.' The old man ob served his looks, and said nothing, and exchanged a warning glance with his wife; and,after a littlo while, they both went quietly to their bedroom. Horton took no notice, but sat gazing at the fire. As soon as the farmer got into his room he closed the door quietly, which was fastened inside with a strong wooden bar morticed into the door posts, making it seoure, unless the bar was broken, which it was not an easy matter to do. Tho old man then watched through a crevice in the door what Horton was doing. After a long time (the farmer said till half-past 1 by his watch, which was hanging on the wall beside the bed) Horton appeared to fall asleep. Then the farmer went to the side of the room next Tilly's cot-the cottage was built of rough slabs-and managed to attract her attention, and whispered to her to put on her clothes and shoes, to open the window, which fortunately opened like a shutter, and was fastened with a wooden button inside, and to slip out quietly, and run down to a neighboring farm about a mile distant, where assistance could be got, and tell the men to come up as quickly as possible, as Horton appeared very strange, and the farmer was afraid he would do some mischief unless he was placed under restraint. She was alBO to say that her father and mother were fastened in their bedroom, and anxiously waiting tor help. Tilly was a sensible, brave little girl, and had all her wits about her. She opened the window after putting on her clothes, and slipped quietly out without attract ing Horton's attention. The farmer saw her run quickly across the clearing, in the direction of tho farm, from whioh he expected assistance. Horton remained quiet by the fire for a short time. The moon was full, and streaming through tho window, making tho room as light BB day ; and tho farmer saw him get up and look wildly around BB if in search of someone or something. He then, after standing for a moment, took up tho pokor which stood in tho corner of the wide bush chimnoy, and Btole softly over to the bedroom door, and seemed to liston. The farmer and his poor terrified wife kept perfectly still j and Horton then tried to prize the door open. But, finding that he could not manage thia, he went back to tho fire muttering to himself. The time seemed to pass very slowly ; and each moment the poor old couple, wondering, and alarmed at tho strange behavior of thoir lodgor, thought ho would again try to forco the bedroom door, and do them some mortal injury. Tho bed room had a small window or, rather, an openinglook ing into the garden, and olobod by a strong shutter common in push huta at tho time I am tolling about, and fastened inside with a bolt. This, ac soon as Horton had retired to the fire and seemed quiet, the farmer slipped back. He opened the shutter quietly to see whether there was any one coming with Tilly to their assistance. He saw Tilly coming running in the direotion of the house, followed at a little distance by the neighbors he had sent for. The farmer was afraid that Horton might resort to some violence when he heard the footsteps outside, if the men had not sense enough to come up quietly ; and he went to the door to see what the madman waB doing. To his astonishment, he was gone ; and the back door was open. The farmer was alarmed, and hoped that Horton had wandered out without any motive, as he had not seemed to notice Tilly's absence; and then, again, he thought that perhaps he was waiting outside the door, thinking, witb mad cunning, that the old man would come out of the room, and fasten him out of the house. Amazed and troubled, the farmer thought that he hadi best stay where he was until help came ; and he again went to the little window to watch the coming of Tilly and the neighbors, and to try and warn them that Horton had left the room, and was somewhere outside. About 200 yards from the hut was a cluster of bushes, young saplings. Justas Tilly got opposite them, and close to them, the farmer called out. But, to his horror, he Baw Horton dart out from the scrub, and strike the poor child on the head with what appeared to be a stick, but which was the poker the madman had taken from the hut. Her head waB smashed ; and she fell like a log, without a struggle, dead. Horton did not stop to see what he had done, but ran brandishing his weapon toward the men, who were close behind the poor child when she fell. One of them was armed with a stout stick, with which he warded off the blows. Horton made athim. The other tripped him up, and between them they managed, in spite of his desperate struggles, to secure him ; and he lay on the ground beside his little victim j his eyes glaring, and his mouth foaming. The farmer, as soon as he saw Horton run at Tilly, opened the door and ran out, his wife after him. They went as fast as they could to where the girl waB lying. She was-as I have said-quite dead. My father, as he told rae afterward, thought' of what I had said to him the night before about the figure of Tilly coming through the back of the fireplace when we were watching. And he asked the farmer at what time Tilly was killed. He said, ' AB nearly as I can make it, it was about half-past 2 in the morning.' The farmer and his wife were muoh distressed at the loss of their adopted child ; but at their age time mercifully soon lightens the burden of sorrow. A little inclosure of white palisading round a small grave, with its white wooden cross at the head, marked the spot where the murdered child was buried. Horton was handed over to the police, and not long afterward died in a lunatic asylum, from which, it was ascertained, he had escaped shortly before he came to the Hawkes bury. A year after Tilly's death the old farmer and hiB wife died ; and probably, now, few re member the sad Btory of the murder/ The coachdriver told the story in his own rough pathetic way, which I cannot hope to remember entirely. After he had finished his yarn he seemed saddened by the recollection of his little sweetheart's sad fate,- and he drove on for a considerable distance in silence, mechanically, as it seemed to me, keeping his team on the best track. I, too, was vainly trying to puzzle out what the appearance he had told me of could mean, and was much in the same sad frame of mind as my box companion. At last he said, rousing himself and shaking his horses into a trot ' I'm afraid, sir, my yarn has made us feel sort o' melancholy. But you Btarted me. This Wyagdon's a nasty pinch. Get along, horses. We must make up time.' SPEED or METEORS.-While themoBt rapid cannon shots poarcoly attain a velocity of 600yds a Beoond, over 1500 knots per hour, meteorites are known to ponotrato tho air with a volooity of 40,O0OydB or oven 60,000yda por Booond ; a velooity whioh raiaes tho air at onoo to a tomporatnro of dOOOdeg to GOOOdog centigrade. A HEROIC SUBAHDAR.-A touohing inoident in rolatod with ref oronoo to the death of Major Batty o and Captain Urmstojn (said tho BROAD ARROW). Thoso ofiioers had with them, whon attaokod, a email re connoitring party of Goorkhas and nativo polioo ; and, in the face of a heavy firo, orders wero givon to rotiro upon a villego oooupiod by our advanood guard. In retiring through tho jungle both oflioors foll soriously wounded ; and, tho command dovolving upon Subahdar Kiehnbir, also Bovoroly wounded, that gallant follow ralliod his handful of Goorkha troops, and, in tho faoo of tho most donporato oddo, attomptod to savo tho livoB of tho British loadoro, oxolaiming, an his mon gathorcd round him, " Fight bravely, my ohildron I Do not dosort your English Sahibs ! If you must dio, lot somo of thoso dogs dio with you 1" Whon only two of hiB mon wero left, and both tho Englishmen woro killed, Kiehnbir, hiB thigh shat tered by a ballot, gavo permission to rotiro ; but, af tor roaohing tho linoB, tho brave Subahdar insisted upon going book with a party to rooovor tho bodies of his offloora. 