THE STORYTELLER PAUL THORNCROFT BY EVELYN R. BLACKETT A Tasmanian Lady. (Written specially for The Colonist,) CHAPTER V. The world is three years older. It is New Year's Eve, and Paul Thorncroft is at the parsonage, whither he has been summoned to receive his father's dying blessing. An hour or two after his arrival, just as the clock was striking twelve, David Thorncroft had breathed back his spirit into the hands of Him who gave it. His life had ended with the old year, and the new — "our other birthday," as Charles Lamb so pathetically puts it — dawned upon another widow and more orphans. Though David Thorncroft's character, like all others, had been marked by some imperfections and frailties, his life had been peculiarly true and pure, and unmarred by any actual vice or sin. Not even an enemy could truthfully accuse him of anything more serious than strait-laced narrowness, somewhat cramped notions, gloomy and almost repellant sternness, and an intolerant contempt for what the world calls "pleasure". For nearly 30 years David Thorncroft had faithfully ministered to his flock in holy things: had baptised their babies, married their sons and daughters, and committed their dead to the grave. His death was in every way worthy of his life's principles, and by its self-sacrificing devotion to duty atoned for all errors of judgment, all cram- pedness of opinion, and dogmatism and intolerance that had dimmed the lustre of an otherwise exemplary and devoted life. A malignant and infectious fever had broken out in the neighborhood and though the houses in which it raged were isolated it spread with alarming rapidity. Un- flinchingly, the pastor kept to his post of duty; using every means in his power to alleviate the sufferings of the stricken, and, when all earthly help was vain, directing the dying gaze to the Great Physician. One would scarcely have recognised the grim preacher who delighted in portraying the final Judgment and the dismay of the un- profitable servants condemned to everlast- ing perdition, in the gentle self- forgetting man who stood carefully administering a cordial or medicine— in many cases sup- plied out of his own scanty funds — with womanly tenderness; soothing a child or pleading with a fellow-man white with thy snows of ago, alone in the world, with nothing, save an almost worn-out body, a blunted intellect, and the burden of many years filled with errors, sins, and regrets. In those few weeks the minister gained more of the hearts and affection of his flock than during a quarter of a century of faith- ful, earnest, but seemingly loveless minis- try. One morning he returned from a long watch at the bedside of a young man — one of the worst fever cases — and feeling very unwell and fatigued, sought to snatch a few hours' rest. Towards noon he complained of severe head-ache, and his wife becoming alarmed immediately summoned the doctor, who pronounced his symptoms those of the prevailing epidemic, and admitted that his case was very grave, as the patient's strength had been much overtaxed lately and his system altogether debilitated. "I warned your husband some days ago to be more careful of himself," the doctor remarked to Mrs Thorncroft. "We cannot afford to lose such men as he; their places, are hot easily supplied." The doctor was one of those who a month before would have pronounced the pastor, a "ranter", "a canting enthusiast", : or some such thing; but those few weeks had brought them much together, and the phy- sician had noted the earnestness, the pa- tient devotion, and the utter forgetfulness of self with which he ministered to the bodies and souls of his flock and in fact to any whom he could help, no matter what their creed. Before long the disease exhi- bited its very worst form, and after a few days of delirium the death angel vanquished. He recovered consciousness for a little while before the last struggle, and upon being told that in a few hours the new year would be upon them he solemnly admonished those about him — for in spite of the dread- ful nature of his disease there were several who insisted, upon being with him to the last, among them his wife and Paul — to spend the next year and all the years to come as they would wish they had done when they came to the last. Just as the village bells rang out the old year and welcomed in the new his spirit fled — his long ministry culminated by the sacrifice of life to the call of duty. Dickens has truly said — [indent] Regrets are tne natural property of grey [indent] hairs, for almost the last words of the good man were— "If it were ordained that I should live my life over again how differently would I act!" [indent] Stronger by weakness wiser men become, As they draw nearer to their eternal home; Leaving the old, both worlds at once they view, Who stand upon tho threshold of the new. At the last great tribunal it will doubt- less be shown that David Thorncroft had ever striven to do his best according to his lights. * * * * * Three more of life's mile-stones have been passed, but Paul's burden did not grow lighter as the years rolled by. Memories of earliest manhood were not dead, though partly jostled out by later anxieties, re- sponsibilities, and sorrows. The years have left their indelible traces in his hair, in the furrows that care has made in his brow; in short, his expression, manner, gait, and the tones of his voice testify that his little bark has not sailed on in unruffled streams I beneath a smiling blue sky. Two more graves are in the village churchyard, the longer of which is marked by a simple marble tablet, on which is in- scribed, "Nellie— the relict of the Rev. David Thorncroft," and at the feet of father and mother is a smaller mound and tiny headstone bearing the name, "Frank Thorn- croft." These tell their own story of un- speakable desolation and wordless woe. The waters had almost closed over Paul as he bowed beneath the crowning stroke — the death of his mother and youngest and favorite brother. But he had come forth from the fiery, furnace of affliction; puri- fied, ennobled, and immovable, staunch in the faith in which his father had died confi= dently, the hope in which his mother had fallen to sleep, triumphantly, and the trust- ful love that was strong enough to make little Frank cheerfully resign his young life into the guardianship of Him who doeth all things well. Surely they each had a stronger staff to lean upon when creasing over the Dark River than the surrendering to "nothingness" of the Atheist or, the "perhaps" of the Agnostic. Upon the resignation of his father's suc- cessor Paul had been prevailed upon to ac- cept the vacant position, and minister in sacred things to those among whom he had grown up, and though scarcely to his taste he at length complied with their solicita- tions. For a year before his mother's death he had preached and prayed on Sundays, visited and exhorted on week days, conducted classes, organised societies, given advice, sympathy or whatever was required of him, and found satisfaction to himself in ministering to others, as by laying his hand to the burdens of others he sensibly lightened his own. Though his sermons lacked the fire and energy that had characterised his father's, their pleading and often passionate, eloquence arrested and riveted the atten- tion of his congregation and won the hearts of most. Only occasionally would some old brother or sister crave for the strong meat which David Thorncroft had been wont to serve them, and speak dis- paragingly of the "new minister" and de- clare that Paul's were "unevangelical, milk and water discourses, only fit for babes." But sometimes when Paul, warmed by the sublimity and pathos of his theme, would pour forth a flood of impassioned, soulstirring eloquence, dwelling linger- ingly upon the everlastingness of the Divine love and compassion of the Man of Sorrows, with streaming eyes and faltering voice, the congregation would be strangely and intensely moved. They knew nothing of foregone circumstances in their pastor's career, and never dreamed, and certainly would have refused to believe, that he had once doubted the existence of the Divine and Crucified Saviour whom he now held before them. After such a sermon his auditors, in their enthusiasm and com- munion of feeling, would exalt him as one almost exempt from human weaknesses and short-comings. But when, perhaps, he next addressed them, in consequence of his pecu- liar mental organization, his words would sound cold, formal, and apathetic, he would immediately be hurled from his elevated pedestral by the very persons who a week before had almost deified him. Neverthe- less, on the whole he enjoyed more popu- larity than many of his brethren whose position everybody agrees who knows anything about it, at the best, is no sine- cure. The father's death had left the family in very straitened circumstances, for his salary had been by no means a liberal one; and though the household had ever been con- ducted on most economical principles, when everything was set in order it was found that the greater part of the savings were swallowed up. But whilst the mother lived and Walter and Cephas remained at home all was well, for Paul's stipend was but little less than his father's had been, and it was entirely devoted to the main- tenance of his family. Mrs Thorncroft at first demurred at this arrangement, but Paul had silenced her objections by point- ing out that the money was of no use to him unless so expended, for it was very unlikely that he would ever marry. But after Mrs Thorncroft's and Frank's death all was different, for the home was then broken up. Moreover, it was necessary that Walter and Cephas should be put in the way of making a start in life for them- selves. After some difficulty Paul suc- ceeded in getting Walter into a merchant's office, and obtained for Cephas a situation where he was to receive a good, commercial education but very trifling pay. The almost entire expense of their maintenance devolved upon the elder brother who was so nobly acting a father's part. Cephas gave promise of making a fine man, but of Walter reports were not so satisfactory. He had got mixed up with a wild set and was surely going down hill. Gradually the letters, so eagerly looked for by the anxious brother, grew irregular and infrequent and finally degenerated into mere begging notes — appeals for "just a little to meet some pressing need." To comply with the requests so urgently and frequently made, Paul had to cut his own expenses short; he allowed himself no in- dulgences or luxuries, only the simplest necessaries of life, and often could scarcely provide those. One day there came a letter from Wal- ter's employer accusing him of robbery and fraud. The merchant explained that for some time past he had been suspicious that all was not right and had narrowly watched the young man. Soon his suspicions were confirmed and Walter proved far more dis- honest than his master had at first sup- posed. The merchant expressed much sorrow and disappointment, for he had taken a genuine interest in his intelligent young clerk; however, it was the rule of his establishment that no such grave offence should be passed over, but dealt with and punished according to law. He further stated that in consideration of the respect that he had always entertained to- wards the culprit's parents, and out of regard to Paul, he would not prosecute if the amount out of which he had been de- frauded was immediately refunded — though of course he could no longer employ the young man who had proved so un- worthy of the trust reposed in him. A dagger could scarcely have more keenly pierced the heart of the guardian brother than that cruel blow. Weary and dispirited Paul borrowed the money and hastened to his brother's late employer. He then seriously expostulated with and coun- selled Walter, who sullenly accepted both rebuke and advice. Before Paul left town Walter informed him that he had just com- pleted arrangements for going to sea. Hopeless and heart-sick, Paul did what he could to get him off, knowing that his op- position would do no good. A month later the ship Grasmere was tossing in the Indian Ocean and Walter Thorncroft, sick and wretched in body and mind, was realis- ing that even a sailor's life is not unmiti- gated bliss. To return to Carmingham. Paul is spend- ing his last night in the parsonsge. On the morrow he is to begin a new life, or rather resume the old under somewhat altered cir- cumstances and under another roof. To enable him to refund the large sum of money which Walter had appropriated and to pay the numerous debts he had con- tracted, Paul had ben obliged to borrow a considerable amount. As soon as Walter had fairly started on board ship and his affairs set in order, the question how to re- turn the money which he had borrowed was a perpetual source of anxiety to Paul. After much serious consideration about ways and menus, but one course presented itself — he must seek fresh quarters. The parsonnge, which for nearly half a century the officiating minister had occupied, did not, however, belong to the society, but was rented from a neighboring farmer, the minister himself having to pay the rent, which was very high and made a big hole in his slender income. Paul would very gladly have lived on in the old house in which he had been born and spent the happiest part of his life, but his strict sense of honor, which made a debt a heavy burden, prompted him to re- linquish it. Flagstaff House was of course still untenanted and likely ever to remain so, on acount of its ill-repute, but in any case no power on earth would have in- duced Paul to directly receive one farthing from that source, and only the conviction that he could not do what was necessary for Cephus and return the loan which he had pledged himself to pay within a cert- tain time had made him decide, after much grave deliberation and many pangs, to re- ceive any indirect benefit from hi uncle's legacy. Directly he was convinced that he was doing his duty he repaired a couple of rooms on the first floor and scantily fur- nished them with time-honored articles from the parsonage. Many people had tried to dissuade him from his purpose, as- suring him that Flagstaff House was not a fit place for any human being to live in; that those nightly, piteous wailing and hideous noises would unnerve the strongest and bravest. But Paul only smiled and put his well wishers off by reasoning that he could not think that God would allow the spirit of an innocent baby to roam about hither and thither, and similar remarks. One kindly old soul, who for untold gold would not have ventured near the old gray pile after night-fall, and loathed the idea of "any flesh and blood critter" living there, let alone the beloved young minister who had sung sweet cradle hymns to her dying boy and supplied him with those comforts which she was too poor to provide, begged him with tears to give up the idea. "Oh, sir, keep clear of the old house, for it has never brought nought but misery! I tell you, sir, I'd rather camp under God's own sky than dwell in yonder place." "I can but try," Paul replied, "and I promise that if it is half as bad as you think, I will leave it and for ever abandon the idea of living in a haunted house. Now, are you satisfied?" he asked, with one of his rare smiles. "No, but I know you'll keep your pro- mise, sir, for never a Thorncroft broke his word that I heard of; leastaways, until evil days befel one of them. I can but wish you better luck, than your uncle had, sir." "You may do more than this for me," the young minister replied gently. "Pray for me; pray that I may be safely kept under the shadow of the Almighty's wings." "Aye, that I will, sir,' was the reply, "as I never did since my boy was taken in spite of my prayers." Next evening the cottagers in the valley saw the minister's lamp gleaming through the window of the room he had fitted up with his bookshelves, his father's and mother's portraits and other little knick knacks — loved relics of the old home. The principal part of the parsonago furni- ture had been sold, but being neither costly nor abundant did not realise much. After much persuasion Paul had obtained the services of a woman, badly in want of money and rather more strong minded than her neighbors. She was to come several times a week, and do what was necessary. During his first few weeks' residence in his mystery-enshrouded mansion Paul often felt extremely lonely and depressed, though it was not his good fortune to see a ghost or hear any "noise" for which, had he thought about it, he could not ac- count, he confessed that he had chosen his rooms as far as possible from the nursery and that he never went near that wing of the building. Occasionally, when he sat far into the night reading and studying, he felt a little nervous, and once or twice heard strange, weird noises which sent him to bed feeling rather creepy. Then for a night or two he would feel so nervous and unsettled that he would burn no midnight oil, but retire early and strive to get asleep before the "uncanny" hours of the night. After giving way thus he would severely upbraid him- self for his consummate folly and weak- minded cowardice. In one of his fits of self-disgust he wrote thus to Cephas: — "I am fast degene- rating into a superstitious old heathen or dotard; investing the midnight hours with weirdness and uncanniness, and similar old women's sickly fancies — as though there was any chance of unlucky me seeing a ghost! The house is overrun with rats and mice, but those are too uninteresting and commonplace for the imaginative folks here, who must needs people every empty house, especially if it is a large one, with ghosts and spirits." Paul isfeeling rather "Mondayish," as he sits by his lonely fireside, holding in his hand "Butler's Analogy of Religion," which, however, he is not reading. The spell of the past is upon him; in fancy he is standing at a certain door in the old home, with his hand upon the handle, and listening with a fast beating heart to words of thanksgiving spoken in singu- larly sweet and childish tones. His reverie leads him to a certain last evening at home. Oh, how far back it seems! He recalls his mother's words, "Every day I pray that she may be kept unspotted from the world, for if she goes on as she has begun she will make a beautiful woman, us lovely in character as in appearance." Paul wonders if the promise of her girlhood has been fulfilled — if his mother's prayers have been answered. "Yes," he fancied he heard some voice reply to his query, "Whilst you have been suffering and growing prematurely old the bud has developed and blossomed into the perfect flower of sweetest woman- hood!" With a deep-drawn sigh, Paul closed his book. One of his darkest and most restless mood was upon him. For some time he paced the room reflecting disconsolately upon his dreary lot, his spoiled, wasted life, with a dash of the old bitterness. "Why had he been created? Why en- dowed with a nature so intensely suscep- tible? Why was he, more than other men, denied those chances of happiness, sym- pathy, and pleasure which alone make life worth the effort necessary to prolong it? Surely merely "to be" was not life!" But presently his nobler truer nature reasserted itself. "Is your life wasted?" it demanded. "Ask the brothers to whom for years you have acted, and still must act, a father's part! Ask the people to whom you minister! Ask the world which you must influence for good or for evil— which must be better or worse for your living in it! Enquired of your own heart — the higher self within you — if there is not a Something infinitely better and more to be desired than that 'will o' the wisp which man mistakenly call 'happiness' or by what name he pleases! Is the blessedness and the peace, which come from the voluntary surrender of self, nothing? Is the serenity which results from the consciousness of faithfully dis- charged duties and meekly borne burthens, too insignificant an element of daily life, to be counted? Though some things have been denied you, have you received no compensation?" Contrite and softened, though sad and heart-weary, Paul fell asleep and conjured up a radiant dream- picture of "what might have been". Take heart, Paul, brighter days are in store; you are on the eve of the palingenesis of the earthly love and communion for which, perhaps, more than half unconsciously to yourself your heart has hungered! [indent] "The brightest gems in Heaven that glow, Shone out from midnight sky; The whitest pearls of the sea below In its lowest caverns lie." Next afternoon Paul wns summoned to the death bed of an old man. Before knocking at the door he paused. Within some one was singing in a sweet low voice, "Light at Eventide." He listened attentively to the close, also to the few earnest words which the singer spoke to the old man who was just on the brink of the Eternal World. "Surely I have heard that voice before! Whose can it be?" Paul asked himself. His musing was inter- rupted by the approach of the doctor, and when the two entered the sick-room there was no one with the sufferer except the nurse. For a time Paul forgot the singer, and an hour later the old man closed his weary eyes, for he had no more need of the sun's light. In the evening as Paul sat in his lonely room, the voice, so strangely familiar, which he had heard in the afternoon again sounded in his ears. Suddenly he recol- lected hearing that Annie Cleland was staying with friends in the neighborhood, the Dickfords having left Carningham several years before. Paul felt sure that it was Annie whom he had listened to in the afternoon, as once before. It seemed strange that on two occasions he should hear her voice in the sick room without ever having met bur. Before he slept that night the young minister fervently thanked God for such women as his mother and Annie Cleland. The influence of their pure unselfish lives does more towards uniting the human and Divine than all tne preaching and theology of the world — was his last thought. And yet this man had loved Florence Munro— the very an- tithesis of Annie Cleland — with a love such as falls to the share of but few women. Two more years have rolled by. There have been a few changes in Carningham. Again, Flagstaff House is given over to the rats and mice — the ghosts of the romanti- cally disposed. Paul Thorncroft is in resi- dence at the parsonage which looks brighter and more home-like than it has done for many years, for Annie Thorncroft is just as tasteful and artistic as Annie Cle- land hnd been. A few of his congregation think that since his marriage their minister's sermons have not been so im- pressive and telling, but the greater part, myself among the number; cannot see why a man need be less holy, less earnest, or less eloquent because increased happiness and nobler possibilities have crept into his life. Surely a man need not be less a Priest of God, less a bright and shining light, be- cause a noble-minded, devoted woman calls him husband! Paul looks younger than when last we saw him, as, he enters the drawing-room accompanied by his brother Cephas, who has run down to the country for a short holiday. "My dear," Paul says, as he advances to- wards the organ where his wife is sitting, "we must pray for those in peril, on the sea again; Walter sailed to- day." "How did he seem?" Annie asked anxiously. "Well; but very subdued; he almost broke down altogether when I delivered your message." "No wonder," chimed in Cephas, "he de- clares that Annie is his good angel, and vows that for her sake he'll turn over a new leaf!" "Poor fellow!" Annie replied, "I sin- cerely hope he will, but from a higher motive than merely to please me. He is capable of so much that is good and noble, and has a wonderful influence over all with whom he comes in contact." "Yes," added Paul, "and I cannot be too thankful that my wife has been instru- mental in stirring up a desire for something better and higher in my brother's heart." "If women fully realised their incalcul- able power over men, would they ever abuse it?" Paul asked himself as he hur- ried away to fulfil some ministerial engage- ment. Perhaps he was thinking of Florence Munro and that part of his life in which she had played so prominent a part. If so, it was not with bitterness, anger, nor triumph; only pity. He knew that she was reaping a bitter harvest of suffering and acutest disappointment while he was sailing peacefully along beneath the placid blue sky of happiness. [indent]"Think'st thou it honorable or a noble man Still to remember wrongs?" CORIOLANIS, THE END Husband (to. wife, who is writing a letter) — ^'Do you want me to mail that letter for you, my, dear?' Wife— 'tfo, John I won't keep you waiting : I'm only ' oh the first postscript.' .? 