Cairns Tattersall'* Eaees. 1VEW YEAR'S DAY. I [fir STUATGHT-GOER.] TUE outlook of .thc weather oh Monday morning was not promising enough, even to thc most sanguine mind, lo conduce towards a lug attendance at Hie races hold hy the Cairns Tattersail's Club, on iVcw Year's Day, on the old racecourse at Pretwell's ; but, as it was, it may bc said that the number who were willing to bravo the elements were sullieient to render thc meeting fairly successful, it may be estimated that fully 250 people uero on the ground, the greater number coming by the road, while a sinai! number availed themselves of the steamboat route lo thc Inlet. Tho Zeus and lice steam tenders were duh" advertised to carry passengers to thc racecourse, but at the last moment Messrs. Burns. Philp & Co. laid on the s.s. Victory, which vessel conveyed 55 passengers, .while thc unfortunate steamers Siens and lice, which had been laid on especially for the work, had to take back scats, and contcnt themseives with about half-a-dozen passengers apiece. The races commenced to limo with the Plying Handicap, but a question having arisen with regard to the starter, it was decided by thc committee that Mr. .-Arthur Keeble should usc the Hag. Mr. J. Macnamara was the duly appointed starter, but having a horse of his own, Pritz. nominated for a couple of events, it was thought better, in order to avoid after disputes, to substitute another individual. It is to be regretted that thc start for' the Plying Handicap did not give general satisfaction, the on- lookers from the stand noticing that before two hundred yards had been traversed the competing animals were stretched out in Ind'au tile, with fuily|a hundred yards separating first and last, lt cannot bc denied that thc starting of this race gave rise to a wordy war which did much to mar the harmony of the meeting, and that thecavillers had fair grounds for grumbling was evidenced by the fact that in the next big event, thc New Year Handicap,., where Mr. Arthur Keeble also started, tho same horses, and with very few exceptions thc ¿ame jockeys, got- away in a bunch and for a quarter of a mile rim almost locked together. Thc result of the Plying Handicap was a fairly exciting o ie, producing, bevond doubt."the linMi or the day. Coining up the' straight, Cupid appeared to'have slightly'the advantage .: but Peter'Pinn, Duggan up, running gamely under the whip, Com- pletel}' outgeneralled Cupid at the tiaish, and won an -exciting race bv a" short head, \V. M'Combe. who rode Cupid, has been somewhat blamed for losing the race, but it must not be forgotten that the double win on tho same horse on St. Patrick's Day stands to his credit. Duggan has had tal- more experience in the saddle than M'Combe, and with the same amount of practice we are certain our local rider could hold his own. In-thc race under notice Harvester was a fail third, with Pritz close up fourth, the top weight, Hippy, h'nishing in the rear, lt may be mentioned that both Harvester and Pritz suffered severely by the indiffrent start. The Pony Hace was productive of some amount of excitement. IVitjc animals went to thc post, and on tho principle that every- one's goose is a black swan, each owner thought his pony, would be the winner. Thc event as it turned out proved to be the good thing it looked for Mr. ArthurKceble's creamy horseSovereign. This animal, who is by an imported Arab out of a nearly thorougbred niaro, and who owns a pedigree as long as his own back, has proved himself capable of holding his own in higher eoinpauy than this, having recently won a back race at Alley's, River- stone, besides having won matches galore with horses of all sizes and sorts. Thc race per sc was real I}' between tho ponies behind him, and of these Dandv. a chestnut, belonging to Mr. P.T. Wimble,aiui bred by Mr. John Atherton, Barron River, made a sail examble. The Novel Race produced only three runners, and really only one competitor in Watermouth, the others, Larrikin and Huttcrlly, starting only to comply with thc conditions of thc race, which stipulated for three accept- ances, lt is needless to state that "Watermouth won at Iiis leisure. Tin i\c\v Year's Handicap brought to tin post identically the same starters ai thc Plying Handicap, with the differ once in the way of riders that Mr Craig, yielding to tho counsels of hu trainer, Mr. Lindo, substituted Tierney for M'Combe, -with the result that Cupid easily reversed positions witl Peter Pinn, Harvester again iinishin; third. There was certainly no even of tho day giving so much genera satisfaction as this, Mr. Craig's victor' being received with hearty cheers There is no doubt that the straight forward policy invariably pursued bi our popular townsman has' niadi bim a great favourite, and an; victory- gained by. his wcll-knowi colours will invariably bc ven well received. Thc Hack Race pro doced a held of four starters, am looked a certainty for Happy Jack whi is now in grand;..fortn, and-so it after wards proved, Happy Jack winning ii a canter. Negro made his appearance ii this race, but failed to give a symptou of his erstwhile grand running. Thi race was productive of an objectior one being lodged against Happy Jae' being nlloyredto start, but.aftcr a.shpr consultation tho stewards rilled th objection as frivolous. The Hun Scurry also resulted iii. a victory fo Happy Jack, with Pritz second, and th result of this'raee showed conclusive! that the last named animal must hay been outrageously overrated by hi popular ownci'i Mr. John Macnamara Thc Consolation Handicap: brough forth the noble array1 of; two stnrtcri llarvester and Creamy .Tad-. 'When ii j was mentioned that thc latter horse car- ried loll), overweight, no notice need be I tn hen of the running, but it will be as well if tlie handicappers lake note of the fact. The last race of the day, the Galloway Knee, was captured by thc grey gelding Crocodile, an animal that had already distinguished itself by winning a back race at Alley's. Kivcr I stone, Handy a»ain showing his j ability to beat [ionics, but not horses, by finishing second. Thc measurement of thc animals contesting the Tony and Galloway Knees was certain1.}- some- what erratic. \Ve will not go so far as to say that Crocodile was really over the prescribed hciglit.but we are certain of this that in some way an anima! than measured l-l hands fur thc Pony Jiacc was found to bo only 13"3v for this event. Thc Cairns Town Baud dis- coursed sweet music during thc day, but owing to sonic misunderstanding thc stewards omitted to make a col- lection towards the fund as promised, and it is to be hoped that thc Club will take this matter into consideration when voting thc band a sum for its attend- ance. The services of tho town, bell ringer proved an immense acquisition in ringing up the different events, and we trust they will always bc secured in the future. Thc oniy unpleasant occur- rence reported during the day was thc illieit appropriation of £3 from the clothes of M'Causland, thc jockey, while thc boy was engaged in his duties riding, but this loss weare pleased to say was made good by subscriptions on the ground. Mr. Pitman of tho Club House Hotel had charge of thc booths, and thc providing of a lunch for tho stewards, general satisfaction resulting. Thc duties of thc clerk of tho course w ere faithfully carried out by Mr. John Sleep. Mr. ïlarry Harr was clerk of thc scales, and Mr. W-. 8. Alley gave the satisfaction he invariably (loos as judge. Thc races started hy Mr. John Macnamara were examples of what good starting ought to be. Apart from a few showers the weather was fair, and taking everything into con- sideration thc meeting may bo con- sidered a success. RESULTS. Flying Handicap of 15 sovs ; J mile, iii". G. Hides' Peter Pinn, 7st 71b (Duggan) ... .1 ll. Craig's Cupid, Sst 21b (M'Coouibe) 2 S. Shambrook's Harvester, hst 121b (M'Causland) ... ... 3 Messrs. Collinson and M'Kay's Hippy, lOst (Brooks) ... "... 0 Mr. "W". Hart's Creamy Jack, Sst 01b (Tierney) ... ... ... 0 E. Pvue's Overlander, (1st 12'u (Mar- , shall) ... .. . 0 J. Macaauwra's Fritz, Ssl (Howell) 0 The flag" fell af ter some delay: to a dreadful start, Harvester and Fritz being left at the post while Cupid and Peter Finn got away with the lead. At the far side of tho course all were busy with their whips, and coming into . the 'straight loud'cries were raised alternately for Overlander, Cupid, arid Peter Finn, but 100 yards from home the race resolved itself into a match. between Cupid and Peter S'ian, the latter winning on the post by a hea^JliauVs to iv_masterly piece of ridin" <M* the part" óf"Dágg5nT"*rit'í*W!M madiT up a lot of ground at the finish was fourth, with the veteran Hippy last. No time was taken. .! ' ' Pony Race of 5 sovs ; J mile. Mr. A Keeble's Sovereign (Pine) ... 1 F. T. Wimble's Dandy (Howell) ... 2 Draper's Ghost ... ... ... 3 Blink Bonny, Butterfly, Tommy, Creamy, and Tom Thumb, also ran. The flag fell to a magnificent start, Sovereign quickly talcing the lead which he maintained ^to- the end, winning by two lengths ; three lengths between second and third. Nothing iuade any show in the race with the exception of the three placed horses. Novel Eneo of 20 s^vs.; 1 mile. "Winner tobe sold for £1. . Wateruiouth... ... .. 1 Larrikin ... ... ... 2 Butterfly ... ... ... 3 There was no betting on this race, which was considered a gift for Wntermoiith. Running as placed throughout "Wateruiouth won easily by 20 lengths, 10 lengths separat- ing second and: third. Jn accordance with tho rules of the race the winner was at once put up for sale by auction by Mr, J. Mac- namara, and after some competition wa; knocked down to Mr. G. Hide; for ¿13. New Vcar Handicap of ;',0 sovs.; 1] mile. Mr. li. Craig's Cupid, Sst (Tierney; ... 1 G. Hides' Peter Finn, 7st 2lD (Duggaa) .S S. Shambrook's Harvester, Ost 121b (McCauslaud) ... ... Î Messrs. Collinson >t M'Kay's Hippy 9st 121b-(B:».bks) " ( Mr. W. Hart's Creamy Jack, Sst. 71b (Fagan). .... t E. Pvue's Overlander, Cst 101b (Marshall) ... !.. ' ( J. Macnamara's Fritz,Sst. (Howeli)... < The lot; were quickly despatched to r splendid start, the horses running in ii cluster until near the tu."i for home whet some tailing off was apparent. Coming inti the straight Cupid was seen fri have the rac. iu hand, and i i spile of a brilliant effort ot the part of Duggoi won easily by tw< lengths. Harvester third; come distance off Creamy Jack fourth. Frits and HipPj last. Time, 2 min. 23 1-Ô sec. The win wa; "very popular. Mr. Craig receiving quite ai ovation. Hack Race of 10 sovs ; 1 mile. Ilapnv .Tack ... ... ... 1 S .hhèrBoy ... .. ... ... 2 Negro ... ' ... ... 3 Greyskiu ... ... ... 0 , Won easily by Jialf-.i-dozon lengths. ',.2! lengths between second and third. Time J 2miii. 3 l-ósce. Hurry Sknrry of 5 sovs ; 1 mile. -. j ' Happy Jack ... ? ?'.:>'''-? - :;.-!- 1; Fritz ... ... 2 Creamy Jask .'. ? ... ?3-, . Watermoiith ... 0 Manion:. . -.. ... . ... 0 The flag fell to a bid start, Watermoutl b:-iiig, left at the post. Happy Jack led bi .field'throughout winuing eventually by : lengths, six lengths between second, am third. Time, limn. 57 l-5sec. Consolation Handicap of 10 sovs. Mr.-Shambrook's Harvester, 7st ... \E: Pyne's Creamy Jack, Sst 3lb ... : The winner lediall the way, winning easil; by three lengths:-'-Very»"suiall iinportanc need,' however, he attached to the result, a Creamy Jack carried about 151b over weight Time, 1 "59 4-5 sec. , Galloway Race of £ï> ; J mile. \- Crocodile . '-' : :.. ... 1 . Daudv ... ... ... 2 ".: \ Charley ... ? .ii ii ['-.;.'.; -3:M Snowdrop ... ... ... 0 - Thc winner made all the running, winning, hy two lengths-ihree leiigths between s.cond and third. 