CHAPTER ir. It is London, and it is November. We have been married jast, a week, and are beirinuinuf to irrow accustomed to the faet, and to realise ilint we are not the very first people in the world who ever entered into that holy c;i ate. Sydncv has at Inst erased to start and ]mi'_rh when she. comes inio breakfast an t lei t.ms addressee! to "Mrs. St. Ma-ir"' at her plat" : alrealy l he hotel waiters have erased to <rrin furtively at thesijrhtof s:s. and stray hansom cabmen no longer look for an extra tip. The first obtrusively newly mar ried look is bp«ini]in<» to wear off. As for me. 3 spend ray days in wondering what I ev- r did in all ray unworthy life to deserve the l>ks«inji that has come to me. and in n^a-velliiiL'liow I lirel thro-.i-jh all the dark, weary, aim-ess years before it came. Perhaps we shall hare thirty years more of jusl such happiness : perhaps forty or fifty, we are ? e1 so voimjr. I,m'li.n is delightfully empty. I have not j seen half a dozen p-ople [ know, and those I | have sacee-sndly avoided. P>ii to-nijrht we trc, to a dr.nn, or something at Lady Susan Stanley "p. People mitrht leave ns alone until our honeymoon is fairly over, but Sydney's lender lit He heart is afraid of offending her old aunt, if we do not iro. so we are, prepared for a ni'_dit of panmiee, and make up oar minds to the worst that can befall. My Sydney is. in her bridal dress -sheeny satin and forest- like lace-and I have clasped oil the diamonds myself, though she laughs at me for wanting her <o wear them. and says they are io'. fine for T.ndy Susan. 1 have a fancy for sceinrr her just as she was on her min iate morni:iLr. but she looks even s .vector. fur she is not ?=« pale. I could look at her p.ll nip-lii and never t:re; and it is just as well that I bare that 1 "ratification, for other amusements at Lady Susan's have I none. It is all very stately, very dull, very awful. " Respectable and stupid. What did I tell you 2" says Sydney, wisely. A little bad music, a great deal of dreary conversation; twice as many people as the rooms w:ll hold, who come and go in bril liant attire. Sydney need not have been afraid of, being too gorgeous. I elbow my way with difficulty to the refreshments and ? procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a sea of its melted self, and this delicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. l'oor little sweetheart! While I am still afar off I see her sittingdesolateand pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear face. " My poor child, you are bored to death, and no wonder 1" I say, as I reach her side. i; Let us make our escape as soon as possible." She looks at me dreamily and asks in an absent sort of way, " Harry, what was that extraordinary noise ? Did you hear it just now V Noise? ' I say. with mild irony. " Well, yes.. L should think so ; the infernal gabble is enough to deafen one." Oh, no. not that; I don't mean any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort of cry that sounded above everything else, a wild kind of wail-the very saddest thing I ever heard-it almost made me cry, and yet so sweet and clear. What could i1" have been ?" "That bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing ' Roberto' just now. Her voice was certainly high enough and melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness never struck me." Oh. no, Harry, I don't mean that at all; it was when no one was singing, and it was not like singing in the least, but more like a cry ata wake than anything else. 1 wonder you did not hear it, and it is odd no one else seemed to notice it. though I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish L knew v.-Ii.it it was." " Something in the street below, no doubt, unless you fancied it, which would be nj wonder ; this sort of thing is enough to give one the blues. LJut come, Sydney, let us cut the whole thing and go to the theatre for an hour: you know Aunt Susan offered us her box, and I hear there's something rather good going on." "Oh, yes. I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?" and she brightens dircctly. So we retire from the festive sccne and go to the theatre, where people arc in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can see neither head, tail, nor plot to the whole thing; our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with success to night." Sydney laughs a little, but does not seem much interested: and presently she turns to me, looking pale and unhappy, and says, im ploringly, My dear boy, don't be vexed with me; I know you wiit think me a dreadful goose, but just then I had such a fright. I am almost sure 1 saw Mr. Fitzgerald in that, corner by the wall: he was looking up with those drendful wild eyes of his, and the moment I looked at him he turned and went out. He was in some kind of a dark cloak, and looked so odd ]?ut J am almost sure I could cot mistake those eyes !"' " Bat, my darling, 1 thought you said he wasn't in England," I remonstrate. '? .Neither he was ; .lie was abroad, but it was so like him, and it gave me such a ter rible shock Don't think me a goose, Harry, please." " I'll tell you what I do think. I thins you arc tired oat, and we should be far better of! in our own comfortable room than in listening to all this rubbish : come along, there's a dear child ;" and I pat her fleecy wraps around her and take her away. But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks lip into 1113' lace. "There. Harry!" she says, earnestly "there it is again, that long, wailing cry. IIow very strange! Surely you must have heard that?'1 '. Why, .Sydney, it is mere fancy!"' I say. slm^ing- her gently. "IE I don't mind I shall have you ill. You're nervous, tired, and excited. I shall not be e.isy in niv mini', tiil yon are at home and hare taken something and without more ado I get her down stairs and back to our hotel as quickly as I can. Once in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. 1 mike her drink a g'a?s of wine and sit by the fire, and she is laugh ing merrily at her own foolishness, when there is a tap at the door, and a waiter comes to tell me that one of my brother officers is waiting to see me in the cofTee-room oil im portant business, and refuses to come up stairs. Oh, bother Frampton 1' I say, with r" groan. " What a time of night to conic and disturb one! Come up here, indeed ! I should think it a great piecc of cheek if lie did I I don't like leaving you, Sydney l ' " Oh, don't mind that, dear boy. I am a:l right now. I'll tell you what. I will putawny the ' family jools ' and take down my hair while you are gone, and then come brick and brush it here while vou have a pioe. May I ? " May you .' Of course you may anything; that is, if if you. don't object to the smell of Lobacco among your golden locks '' .' Oh. no; and we can have a nice chat over the 11 io. Don't be gone long." .. Not a second longer than 1 can help." " If I grow sleepy before you come back I shall lie down and wait for you : but mind you wake me. 1 want to sit with you while you smoke." ;i All right. Has your maid gone lo bed .' " Ves. I told her she need not sit up." " Very well, then ; I'll go down to Framp lon. Mind. if a ghost should make its appear ance vou can receive it with the celebrated dagger : 1 saw it on yourdressiug-table when we went out.. I took it to cut the string round your ilowers." Don't be silly 1and she pauses with her hand on her bed-room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet leave her for ten seconds. Frampton is wailing in the cofFee-room profuse in apologies for troubling me. " At such a lime of all others, my dear fellow! Wouldn't have had it happen for the world ! What will Mrs. St. Haur think of me 1 " etc. However, his business really is important, and do what I will, it is nearly three-quar ters of an hour, and very near midnight, when I see his broad shoulders take themselves oli". Poor lit t'e Sydney 1 she will be tired to death wail:nl' for me, and 1 dash up stairs to make j up for lost time. j Sydney is not in the outer room, however. I and i pause for a moment with my back to ] the lire, and smile as I think I need not have ! raeed so frantically after all. Then I rc- I member what she said about lying down, and j I move towards the bed room to see if she j had fallen asleep. when mv eye falls upon j the .. family jools lying in a dazzling heap j upon the table. Careless little woman ? Any j one might have eome in and carried them oil J ami she not a bit tiic wise:-. I stoop to gather them up. S nueUiing else is lyin.M near them -something almost as bright as they. With an indescribable sensation I bend nearer and see that it is the ^orsiean sheath I know so well-tliC <jsaint, curious blaek and gold sheath wound about with a Ion? shining I ress of golden hair, so smooth, sm line, so sunny it e;<n only be from on-: Lead in all the world. Why does my blooj tarn lo ice. and ray hea;t eeases suddenly to beat as ! take it in my hand a::d sea iliat something is smeared upon tie freshly severe! edges-something wet and warm ;uid red, " 5(S(i Sjmebow T. reach tba next room and das?i open the door ; somehow 1 cro?s the floor and am beside the white bed, when-, ail in her pure, dainty brid.il robes, l.-cr beautiful hail floating about her like a golden veil, lies my love, 1x13' treasure, mr bl ;e eyed darling, my bride oEavre<.-k, so still, sosik-nt, so deathly white, with a Ion?, sharp fciiife in lier heart! "V 