CABLE INT'ELLIGENCE. (Fro?o lth SUdreU DaflU Papers.) LoNDON, August 8. INTELLiGENCO has been received of the fall of one of tho pillars in tho Cathedral at Sevorille. The pillar collapsed, doing a largo amount of damago to ;the rest of the structure. The Times Charges Bill has passed through committee in the Houno of Commons. The Anarchists have been doprived of tho right of trial by jury for one year in fiftoon districts of Anatria. M. Goblet, the French minister for foreign affairs, admits the claims of Italy to Mnssowah. He, how over, connuros the action of Bignor Oriepi, the Italian premior, in oending a deopatoh to the European powers, notifying tbo annoexation of Mbasnownh by Italy, and ccanuing Franco of attempt. ing to prevent Italian activity in Africa. Tho It?v. Mr. Huntor of Stornoway, in the Island of Lewis, hno considered the propoonl submitted to him by Mrs. Jesoieo Campbell Brown, a resident of Sydooy,:who offered to asoist 1000 orofters and their families from Lowis to the colonies. The Ror. Mr. Hunter states that he is unablo to entertain the pro. posed schemo of emigration until the details of lh0 cohemo bare been received. Thie Right Roy. Dr. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, will return to Victoria in October. Hoe bn .arranged to oestablish at Ballarat ordera of the Sistors of Nazaroth and Fathers of the Congre gation of time Holy Ghost. Four persons were killed to-day by an explosion at Itandoll's fireworks manufactory at Wandoworth, about four miles from London. Angust 4. The Hoose of Commons grand committee on law and justice have expunged hoe section of the Trustees Liability Bill empowering the investment of trust funds in colonial stooks. The English government have asked the Amoriconn authorities to respite W. L. Maxwell, who is euder snotence of death for the murder of C. A. Prollor in tbo Southern Hotel, St. Lonis, in 1885. The report of the proceedings of the aittings at the Pan- Anglionn conference at Lambeth has boon published. The conference resolved not to reooog niso divorce wheore no adullotery had been committed, and refused to agree to the re.marriago of the guilty party where divorce had taken place, It was also decided that a polygamist should not be admitted to baptism. The report of the conforonoois favourablo to the proposal that primates of the Australianu colonies and India should be delignatod arohbishops. It hal boon officially denied that her Majesty will visit Baden, where, it was reported, a mooting was to talck plaeoo with the Emperor William of Germany. Germany has aniumed a protectorate over Pleasant Island, one of the Marshall Islands, a small group in tho Paoiflo, and forming part of the Mulgravn Archipelago, August 5. The latest advices from Natal otato that it is generally believed that Dinizulo, who fomented the rising in Zululand against the British, has fled to Transvaal. A destructlivo fire took pinooe at a houno in the Blowery, onoof the principal streets in NowlYorlc, by which eighteen persons wore killed and several others were more or loss seriously injured. A volcanic eruption has taken plnes at Stromboli, in the Meditorrannean. An immoneo amount of damage lan been caused to tbo town on tho eastern ided of the island. Italy has informed the European powers that the Italian flag bas boon hoisted at Zllia, a seaport town to the south of Massownh. The tiformn, an Italian journal, states that Znlla has boon annexed by Italy at the urgent request of tihe natives at that place. [Zulln, or Zoulla, is a seaport in Abyssinia, sialtuated at thoesothern extremity of Annosley Bay, on the aod Bon0 near the anolont town of Adullis.] 