A Lone Siar Bo-Peep. — *X*' TIT JIOVt'AHI) BEF.LY Bay was just breaking on tlio Chndbouvno Trail. Tlio palo mills, surprised by msy Aurora, woros'tiimpuring in Imriied dishabille across it* waveting outliue, tearing their trailing1 night-robes upon tin) thorny mc*quitea mil fleatterNg fllmy draperies in it.i livo oulc nis'.es. A fow faint stars, through floeoy cloud-rifte, still twinkled tearfully, and but a moment 1150 tlio waning1 moon, that bad languished in tlio western heaven, had litin a p.tlo fnou upon tlio sloping- shouldur of a great divido and wearily sunk to rest within its Humbro bosom. Thero is a dewy freshness in tlio nil1; a strong damp, oartliy oiour; thou on tho wings of agontlo breeze— fragrant forerunner of morning—tho scent of ft tliouemul wild-flowers, swinging thoir perfumed censors in worship of tho coming mill. Meanwhile, in tho shadowy vistas of tho dim shrubbery, vague, indistinct forms sooin moving. Thoy Hit to and fro with a skulking and stealthy movement; tlmy seem alert, unonsy, rostlo--!—tlio ghosts of incarnate niisijioion. Suddenly they mo off in a body, ■with a precipitate basto that is ludicrous in its apparent cowardice. Immediately and sharply to tho light comos a quick, startled sound, liko that mtulo by a Mono Mwkon violently in somo motal vessel. Tho sounds increase arid seem associated with tho movement of soino impeded and lumbering animal. An oath ! a shot! Tlio sulphurous suggestion of 1111111 and gunpowder I While ul'UT a silence mure iipp-uont, from tho reuont. explosion, during which tho rising orb comes proudly up the horizon, a largo peoan unit to, now visible, and from which tho recent disturbances have proceeded, raiuiidi villi shrieks mid barks, as if nil "Dgilam weio le" ho«—the impotent cries of Texan coyotes. Thoy dio away down tho wind. Tho i-ik-iico, now, and tho sunlight livid swty. Within tho Mill, dim precincts of this matte, tho skeleton of a drtnudod • cow-pen stretches its omaeiato length. A cookingstove, lidlesa, do.u'lc.-s, broken-legged, stares with unojnipromUing effrontery at the encroaching light. Garments that have survivod their usefulness, scattered hero and thore, like uniforms of tho fallen, lend their additional aid to the general air of discomfiture. Civilisation seeius to havo encountered nature and suffered defeat. Thus desolate, nineo a romoto ' ronnd-up,' lias this live-stuck Andersonvillo reinuined. It, , was loft for Mr. 1'ayo Howe to rovinit its belligerent remindings and speculate upon its analogies. 1 mil not ovor-oonfi lent that (ho gentleman was alive to the.'-o. Mr. Hnwn was sleepy. Tho languor of disturbed dreams clouded his otherwise ncuto perceptions. At. tho precise moment that ho dawns upon tlio reader's consciousness, bis bearing is unobservant, his atlitudo unconsidered. Tho details of his bivoimo urn in a senso martial, without its vigilance. Enveloped in his gray blanket mid with bin bead in tho liollow of bis saddle, ho appears lust in tho enibrac -s of tho drowsy god. Hut, tho prisenoo of hW recently discharged revolver, and nt a fow yards disUnco the already stifl'cningonrciiss of a coyoto betray evidences of recently aroused energy. The only object, at, present gifted with volition, however, stems his belled and hobbled light sorrel—from certain 'cold gravy' resemblances denominated ' OfOsr Wilde,' Mr. IIowo's romoto and Birc.-i/tio protest against lingland's then BiiJliuiont recent, infliction. Mr. !Fnyo Howe is mi American, and does not consider his omntry or its govcrmnent a neaessarily dangerous experiiucut. lie is as yet serenely unaware that ho can derivo any enlightenment political from tlio 'other side.' Mr. l?ayo Howe is not a snob; bo is not a toady. Mr. Pnyo Howe is, nevertheless, bc-twcon twenty-six and twenty-seven. For the nest hour or so, tho neighbouring 8»litudo suflers little change. Ttio hampered mustang with its unmelodious accompaniment, pursues tho ancient and equine occupation of Nebuchadnezzar with an occasional snort of satisfaction. A peripatetic chaparral-cock, with tho unoxplninnbtu weakness of tliat bird for morning culls, had perched upon a pinnacle of tho noighbouiing cow-pen, and turning his wiso head upon one side, Bpccubi'cd for Home minutes with gratuitous gravity and the air of a puzzled physician, upon tho luziness of his extemporized patient ; utid then departed upon his customary rounds. In the miautime, tlio beams of tho long arisen sun shot, through tho branches of tho overhauling p'catis and heated tho blondo bead of the sleeper uncomfortably. Ho turned uneasily. Liter several acute twirigt s luudo him conscious that ho was an obstacle to 11 mrnviiu ol pilgrim ants, which held their indexible lino of march across his recumbent bo y. He roso to a sitting posturo Willi significant. hasto. Still heavy with 1I10 dews of sleep, Mr. Howo became nevertheless ttwaro of a puttering, clicking sound, 17 ado by successive objects dropping from tho surrounding air. Staggering to his feet, he instinctively sought tho curoiue of tlio dead coyoto. It was covored with tho already proseufc.and oonstantly arriving hosts of tho burrowing beetle. A grim, Happing shadow intruded itself for n second upon its sunsteeped outline, lie raised his eyes. A tnrl.'oy-buzzard with gory crest looked down in ghoul-like sedateness from a liinb above. Tho speedy burial service of southern latitudes was already 111 progress. With a dejection of manner, aggravated, no doubt, by an ompty stomach, IIowo busied hinisolf in tho preparation of a primitive repast. An ad jacent pool of water, of which thueiicircling pecans were an infallible index, assisted him in hasty ablutions—somewhat, perfunctory under tho circumstances. Ret reslicd by these sketchy efforts, hero-kindled the embers of his dying lire, cut a forked #bick of tho mosquito, and toasted some strips ol bacon from a piece tied up in a sack liohind Ids saddle. Tho odour of tho broiling morsels stimulated an appetite alreudy whetted by thobulsnnio air of the wilds. With tho aid of a loaf of bread and somo cool water, dipped from tho neighbouring pool with the brim of liis sombrero, ho accomplished a lienrty— bsoauso hungry—repast. Tho completion of this meal, tho observant buzzard, now rein. forced by several contemplative comrades, awaited with patient etiquette which his presence enfored Thru saddling, i-.h incongruous haste, his satirically entitled steed, this solitary wayfarer sprang into hits stirrups, and redo carelessly awav from his sylvan • bed-chamber and breakfast-room, without oven a casual survey of wlmt lio left behind him. « As Mr. Howe emerged from tho shelter of tho pecin motto and redo out upon tho plain, n sense of exuberant health made him bestrido .his muscular horse with a feeling of elation. A short l ido brought, him to tlio lino of trail, into which ho lit once turned, and for a few moments pursued his wuy between its niesquite fringes with pre-occnpied tlioughtfulliesa. Doubtless few of his whilom compnnii ns would lia\ o recognised in this mn- tanned and contaur-riding wanderer a certain aspirant foi collegiato honors a few years previous. Yot suoh wns ho. A critical inspection developed tho fact that liis garments, albeit conventional mid of tho traditional type, did not. sit upon him with tho habitude of a frontiersman. Aside from their newnoss, thore was a laok of intimacy between them and tho limbs of the wearer which at oncu obtruded itself, and whiuh tho fact that garments are regarded by tho truo native as t spoeies of highly-lacornted outielo was emineutly calculated to ovorcomo. However, a certain careless freedom and withal u recklessness of mien woro not without explaining tho pmont goographioul position of tho gentleman, aud there was an easy adaptability in liis genial faco, quite in keoping with his surroundings. Tho faint scent of tho wild verbena, mingled with tho more brooding odour of buffalo-clover, steeped his senses as ho quickened his horse's paco. I'rairic-dogs, with the impudence of pigmies In their itrongholds, liarkad'nt liim ns lio ji:i»«nd, or suddonly disappeared in their burrow* \viil> 11 gurgling murmur of disapprobation lit lii* invading progress. A ontzy ' killdce,' screaming with the occasional nimlossuossof itn itinerant vendor, rim before him upon tho right, mul willi commendable cnttiterfeitinj: of helplessness attempted to dfoy him from hor young;. A jankuss-nibbit, plunging wildly from a neighboring bush, limped painfully away with itn customary mendacity, ami then turned and stared at him from under exaggerated ears. Iu cniphntio derision of iU hypocrisy, IIowo put spurs t,o the intrepid ' O.-ear,' compelling tho shameless cripple to an exhibition of (.peed whioh disclosed itn pitiful deception, and weli-nich frightened into convul.sionti the would-uo redoubtabe 1 niiilc-oar.' After a prolonged and exhilarating ennter thai; drovo the blood into Ilia browned cheeks of tho rider, ho checked ,his horso, with the perfumed breezes thrilling his pulses. As lie did oo, a lumbering gray owl of tho horned spccics clipped from u neighbouring live onk and Happed heavily nwny. IIowo drew rein mechanically. Jiouking^ip into tho near top of tlio dwarf tree from his elevated position, he espied a oupaeiom.'ne.M, in u securo fork, from which paint of vantage two pairs of wondering eyesblinkingly regarded him. He immediately dismounted, tethered bin horse by tho lariat whioh liungfrom tho pommel of his saddlo, and proceeded to climb tho tree. Arriving at the liest, ho saw what ho hud bofoTo conjectured-—two 'juvenile owls, partly fledged, andj!regardiug;;him, with grotesque wisdom, from tho midst cf debris—tho bones of moles and prairie- dogs, of tender years, purveyed for their delectation by their Hclieitmis parents. Iu that, spirit of dissont from tho proclivities of animate nature whioh hud nut triced him all the morning, Howe, after it few* moments of amused inspection, selected the most promising specimen of owllom and deposited him in tho capacious pocket of hi* ducking-cloth junket. Not. mi instant too soon, though ; for tho above- mentioned solicitous sire and mcthcr, returning in company at this critical moment, attempted to interpose a forcible but unavailing remonstrance, as the triumphant thief flipped down the tree. 'Say—mister—wot—ye—gut r' panted u mischievous voico b.'hind him. 1 mention it. with vrgret, but oandour compels it, tint Mr. Ifowo gave a very violont start. If thoro aro any circumstances uudor which r.no is justified in deeming himself securo from the fiiir, it would seem that such might he realised upon tho bald prairies of South-West; and yet, anomalous as it may appear, oucouutors with a proverbially curious sex aro not, absolutely unknown. The vastness of the surroundings, the loneliness of the solitudes, impart a feeling of isolation from feminine faseinutions — a security against observation, ho that tho first impulse of surprise suggests nn attack, or, at best, an intrusion. Ho faced abruptly around. Seeing his ovident amazement, his interrogator gave vent to a long,? loud, extravagant, but not unmusical explosion of laughter, accented by hilarious gestures of delight. IIowo uttered upon a critical survey. Tho objeut of ltis scrutiny might, bo faitlv said to ohallottgo feminine classification. What ho saw was a small fifitiro so phenotnonally clad iu garments of cither sox that indeeisiim as to gender wait pardonable, to say tho least. Slio had evidently been running, and her present merriment was heightened by tho fact that slto wai quite out of breath. Her feet and unities weru bare, and somewhat scratched with tho eatelnw nnd eitctuj, but, thoy woro vory small feet and ankles for all that. Sho woro a dress exhibiting similar signs of suffering from thorns, and through a diversity of threo-oornerod rents disclosing in red petticou t. Her hands did not appear, but a heavy hunting-jiiokot, buttoned nogligontly about delicate littlo shoulders and with several inches of superfluous sleeve, oppressed rather than chul t«*o slender atins, increasing tho general air of incongruity and discomfort. A broad sombrero of fell, heavily adorned wtth tarnished silver laco and additionally onoumbored by n strap-build with double thongs and buckles—conveying tho impression of Homo primitive variety of cranial torture—formed her decidedly cumbrous hta.lgoiir. And j et tho faoo that appertained to this much beelotlied picture of health was quaint and pretty. A pair of very roguish black eyes were J is. Telly presided over by Ions, fringing lashes. A braid of black hair, loosened by her recent activity, struggled from beneath her hat and fell upon her shoulders. The obsorvant eye of Mr. I'ayo IIowo detected a revolver worn rattier ambitiously beneath tho eoat. AVith almost a sigh for ti fastidious taste, festered in feminine matters by p:tst promenade concerts, he decided that slio was about sixteen and unquestionably a vory pretty young woman. Sho suddenly regained her composure and spolto wit h damaging abruptness. ' Don't, ye reckon yer 'nlmmccl o' yeiself— rnbbin' bird.s'-nests 1" she asked, boldly. Sumov.'hero in tho dopths of Howe's slumbering conseietiKO there lurked a faint srn.so of sTiamu for his present predicament. Ho tueitly acquitsced. 1 Why did yo go to do it, then ?' she inquired, with tho air of a privileged mentor. 'To give to you,' ho ropliod, finding his tongue at oneo in tho fabrication of this entertaining falsehood. This put a new construction on tho cusc which tho girl was quick to porceivo. Gallantry, of however doubtful a character, is always appreciated by tho artful box. Sho was apprised but not convinced. Dropping her chin suddenly, sho exhibited to tho gen'lc man's viow a blank desert of hat, and appeared to commune with tho precocious judgment beneath it. Finally, raising her faeo again, and reloading hor questioning eyes from their discreot, mourning fringes, ' Will ye—will yo swear yo saw me ?' she demanded with ridiculously Eolomn emphasis. Sir. IIowo wad not at all positive that tho circumstances demanded the gravity of tho oath. IIo betrayed tho weakness of his furinor position by nil apparent leluetanoo to oommit perjury. 'Reckon not,' sho decided. 'But will ye just naturally givo it to me—anyhow?' disclosing an entreating oirclo of pearls that was not to be resisted. Something iu tho swooning fringes of those • coping lashes, tho dewy freshness of tho red lips, suggested to the young man the idea of compensation. I say sugges ed it. The gentleman had ttt one time been a lawstudent ; ho had then beou, for tlio timo being, inclined to doubt tlio material existence of compensation. However, ho still recognised it ideally. -I submit, too, that it seemed really an age since ho had enjoyed the oscillatory privileges of female socioty. Actuated by a realizing sense of this fact, ho made buld to dcclaro his foil design. 'I do not mind bestowing it upon ono condition.' ' How ?' He started. His eur was so sensitive to tho sound of his own name. ' Well ?'—with some mischief. ' What did yo jest get to Bay t" ' I said you oould have tho owl ou ono consideration.' ' Wot's thet ?' ' A kiss'—very grimly, as if inviting her to a law suit. Tho girl retreated with fominino shynoss ; hor hands, with diifioulty asserting themselves from tho long sleeves, made hasto to cover hor presumably coveted mouth, as if in anticipation of more practical advances. 'Nn! Thank yo !' sho replied, with awkward politeness 'I don't go much on miltin' frou with perfect strangers. Ye may koop yer ornery owl,' sho added. IIowo had just reached the samo conclusion ; lie was provokingly ironical" in re fpreneo to hor (connd Hontonoo. Howboit, he experienced that enchantment wnlon aintauco is s:lid to lend to unattainable ab^Ncitwithstanding her recent disparaging comment, tlio girl still regarded tho owl with iiicoiiri-.tent longing. . f Howo confined his atlcntion to a perusal of rustic attractions. , ' Who nro yo and whero yo goiii t i«no finally demanded with charming direotnem. , , , ' My iHimo't} Howe, and I in on the road, lie replied, vaguely, exhibiting that Northern privnoy in personal limttera unsyinpathiscd , with hy tho Southern tomporiirnent. 'Hopo yo'll git thnr,' sho responded ehcorfully. „ , , Tho gentleman thanked her for her good wishes with an amused sarcasm, which wiih lout on tho recipient. • Wilt's tlio nutuo o' yer pony r' alio said, returning to the charge. It happened that Mr. liayo IIowo was ; trembling on tho verge of a siicpzo. Ho was iiwiiro of tlio Greek augury. IIo thought ho would sacrifice his politeness es a |/ullant to his classic Hiperstitiim. Besides, ho was in Texas. If his border life had inuulcatcd in the gontlcniun iv certain discretion _ which nuido liim exclusively addicted to indulging his forcible rhetoric in tho privacy^ of Iiih own company, its influence upon hia codo of sooinl etiquetto was nppavontly not ho siilutary. Ilo permitted himself tho rudo privilege, and did nut find it necessary to apolo- '< gise, but ho attempted to say 1 Oscar' at tho name iiionioiit. ' IIohb c!iv!' hlio cxclaimcu, wit.li MJom. i "Pears to mo yo uin't naturally got much j taste. Wliy didn't yo call liisn ' Sittin Hull | or ' Stand in* But lo V 'Pears to wo moil ain't worth tho flippin' a pecan n-namiii things. There'h Kubis Smart's got two lovely mustangs ho calls ' Snipo' and 'Bunch an of ho reckoned ono was a bird and t other a boil.' , Tho girl regarded him with uiiqalihed contempt., and seemed mrprised thai ho did not wither beneath it! but ho remarked very calmly: ,, , ,, , ' I presume you would havo eiiilea my lioreo ' Pansy' or ' Daisy''—Ill's, in malicious irony of feiuinino christening. _ An imperfect education in the repartee ot tho border was not without assisting her in braving the deduotioiiH of Mr. Howe's logic. Sho eyed tho mustang coolly and critically with the air of a haughty connoisseur. I must admit with grief for his ic.-thctio title, that his coat wuh wiincwhut nun-cured aud weather-beaten, and, moreover, quite guilt-_ lesa of grooming. ' No who Haid, ' purdner, Iskursley reckon I cud. Tears as I'd call him ' Quid' or 'Terbuuker." J'ayo IIowo lost hid gravity at this dally, and tho young lady'a scorn thawed a trifle nt tho reeognizod compliment to lier humour. 'Tell yo what 1 reckon I'll do,' sho finally Haid. ' What?' with exaggerated expectancy. ' I'll play yo fur tlict thnr orittor,' indicating tho owl with a disparaging wave of tho hand. . . ' What will you put up against it; inquired Howe, with well-feigned oaution, though heartily amused. Tlio girl hesitated, glanced again ut tho owl, sighed, niul immediately decided. ' My six-shooter,' drawing tho formidable weapon. . . ' Doiio !' with a violent air of business. ' Wlint shall it bo ?' ... ' Poker,' sho said, withau oasy familiarity, produoing a woo-begono pack of cards from tho side-pocket of her coat. Tho owl und rovolvor wore placed sido by cide, subject to tho diotuiu of ohiince. Tlio cards were out and dealt in grave silence. Tho girl's cheeks flushed, and hor eyea gleamed with excitement. 1 Two curds,' she said with gratifying perfiinetorineBS. . Mr. IIowo expressed himself us sutisiied with his hand. Sho scowled. ' Two pair—aces up !' said Howe. ' Full hand !' sho shouted, triumphantly appropriating tho spoils. Tlio gentleman acquiesced withau extravagant sigh of regret. Then ho took tlio initiative in questioning. ' I supposo you can hnndlo this ? lie said taking up tho revolver, an old- fashioned, muzzlo-londing Colt's ' six-shooter.' 1 Kight smart! ' sho said, without looking up; she had become absorbed in lavish caresses of tho leceutly acquired owl. ' Let mo see you blioot,' Howo requested, handing it over. Tho girl accepted tho weapon mechanically and looked round for a mark. Sho espied an on.pt.y tomato-can, probably discarded by Gomo travelling teamster. Sho pointed it out to llnwe. . . ' Watch !' who quietly remarked, raising tho heavy weapon calculatingly in both hor small hands. Howo did watoh with amused interest. Tho startling roport of tho heavy arm followed, and, us tho amoko drifted to ono Bide, tho can was seen to havo changed its position with visible damago. Mr. Fay Howe was correspondingly awed and appreciative. ' Bravo! Whero did you learn to snoot! he oxeliiimod approvingly. ' Oh 1 Pop and mo practices reg'lav 'bout the ranch.' ' Tlio rnnoh 'r' Where's that P' ' 'Bout a milo north o' here,' sho replied, indicating tl e lino by jerking tho thumb of her right hand over her shoulder, while she still caressed her lugubrious pot with her left. ' Who lives tbero ? ' ' Me and Pop.' Who's mc ?' ' Do you mean—what's ray name, Howe nodded. < Ponelopo Natulan,' sho answered. ' What does your father do ? ' ' What — does — ho — do ?' _ with round, amazed eyes. 'Whero yo ^bin, strangers' Gues* you'io a ' tender-foot.'' 'We're in equal'fix,' Bweetnc-sB,' responded the collegiun, apostrophizing tho little baro and thorn-.scratched feot. The girl looked at him embarrussedly, und said in an instant, ' Thet's plum u-plonty o' thot.' , , .. Mr. IIowo mado a mental note to avoid comparisons in tho futuro. • ' Well,' sho resumed, after a silence, evidently protracted for its eil'ect as a moral lcsKOu, 'if you're so powerful ignorant, my pop is land-agent andsheep-raiser for Coneho Onunty.' Tho gentleman reflected that she probably shared tho peculiarities of a charming but inaccurate sex m matters of business. Concho County boiug as largo ns tho Stuto of Rhode Island, it was oxtremely unliko that ' pop' monopolised the sheep.industry for that oxtent of territory. Howbeit, ho looked wiso and said nothing. 'Thar'spart of 'm,' she explained, pointing 0ut a small flock at a distance of several hundred yards. At timos during the reeeut conversation, Howe had fanoiedhe heard tho bloating of sheep and lambs, but the sounds had come so faintly against the wind that ho believed himaelf mistaken. 'Yer Bee,' 6he said, drawing nearer to him and becoming suddenly confidential, ' pop's went down to Eden this morning to a trial; lie's a lawyer and has been county judge— suro 'nuff. BUI Dр's comin* up for shootin' a feller, an' tlioy conldu't fjot 'long no-how without pop. I promised bim I'd herd them aheep whilo he's away, because our herder s loft. It's somethin' I don't generally do, she concluded, apologetioally. This lucid explanation was not without interost to Howo. It happened that ho was in quest of this very sauio Judgo Natchez m roferenco to a disputed land-title. lu view of her recent charming confidences, ha briefly developed these facts to Miss Penolope. " Beckon ye'd better stop at tho ranoh tonight,'. sho said, when ho had finished ; ' pop'll ho back by Buu-dowr, Ye can lunch with me under tnet livo oak, of ye oare to ovfr yond*r,' pointing to a trco rather larger in iti genorul outline than thn prevailing typo of that dwarf caricaturo of mi applo-trco. It wns distant about n hundred yards. 1 But my sheep's struyin' I Throw 'em in, Flo t' oho screamed to n^black and white shepherd dog that now dit closed hrrnelf in their neighborhood, nnd had been doing doublo duly in her mistress's abscnce. • Go—'round—'em !' gesticulating with a circular warn of t)io hand. Tho intelligent brute looked knowingly at her a moment, and then trotting oft', mado a wido itetour to interoept tho stragglers. But thoro was now a commotion among tho loudly lamenting flock, and a disturbed bleating camo distinctly to I ho car. ' Does that' hoss-car' o1 yours buck, Mr. Howe F inquired Miss ronelope. Tho gentleman folt it certain prido in disclaiming for his mustang that customary Texan characteristic. • Rcokon I'll hov to boiTor him, then,' she said, loosing tho tcthored pony, springing into tho .saddle, nnd throwing hor knoo over tho Moxicnn pommel; ' I'll inoefc yo over by thct treo.' And sho rode away liko tho wind, with an Amazonian abandon quito in kocping with her general innnnor. Bidden thus to an Arcadian repast, and deprived of his horse, thero was nothing for Fayo ITowc to do but to follow her instructions. Ho set out for tho appointed rendezvous, but being possessed of somo curiosity to noto tho precision of her rcccnt bliot, turned first in the direction of tho unfortunate can. Doubtless ho proceeded with less than enstommy caution, for ho was suddenly, startled violently by u peculiar warning, very similnr to tho rapid uncoiling of a broken clockspring—a sound novrr forgotten by ono who has henrd it utidor dungoroiiB circumstanoos. Bewildered '.iy its muflled character, ho sprang suddenly to ono sido, and stepped right upon an enormous rattlesnako. Almost identical in color with tho 'curly mosquito' grass in its neighborhood, it lay coiled ready to spring. Ho shrank baok with un exclamation of horror, but it was too Into. Tho roptilo darted forward, with a movement of i ts head liko successive, rapid blows of a tack-haiiinur. With a sickoning shudder tlio gentleman felt himself bitten on tho little finger of his right hand Ho staggered, ghastly pale, to the livo oak—distant but a fow yards—and fell, ruthor than sat down, beno.ith its shade. Ho was faint with nirony. Cold bonds of perspiration—lilto a death damp—starred upon bin forehead. A fuot-fall struck his osr; ho raised his lioad in rt blind, dazed fashion. Tho girl wan already returning holding tho owl. ' Wot's up K sho queried, her quick eyes noting tho feeblonot-H of his attitude. ' Bitten I' ho gasped, trying to smilo in tho presnneo of tho woakor sex—presumably. It was a ghastly failure—that smilo. Tho girl beeitino a heroine with Columbino suddenness. Tho owl, projcctod from his I airy perch, described a bewildered parabola. | Sho was kneeling beside him. ' Quick ! strip up yer shirt-elcevo !' sho cried, tearing the band from her heavy hut. Sho wrapped tho leathern thoug about his mueenlar fore-arm, and flipping tho strapain tho buckles, applied this rtido tourniquot with an oxeited, nervous strength that mado him wince. Sho produced a smull pistol flask and some matches. 'Show me,' sho said, imperatively. Mr. t'aye Howo obeyed. His little linger, his wrist—his wholo hand and fore- arm, up to tho leathern b.mdngo, were so swollen they might iiavo done justice to Goliath of Crath. Dropping to a sitting posture, sho deposited her sombrero in hor lap, and grasping his wrist firmly, sho laid tho hand npon tho thick felt. Iiavo you over seen a woman fumble and flounder with a powder flask'! Tho Texan hcroino dopositcd two charges upon tho hito as deftly as sho handled her needlo when sho eared to. Sho struck a luoifer. Howo gave n gesture of disapproval. 'Grit your tooth,' sho said, ooolly. Sho dropped tho match. A flash; a sizzling sputter; a puti" of white smoke. Mr. ].fayo Howo yelled, of course. 'Thar,' sho eaid, with a sigh of relief. 'I reckon that'll naturally fetch it.' After which exhibition of decision, fominino nerved betrayed themselves: hIio trembled violently and looked a littlo faint. However, she '.v.'s spared tho observance of this by her companion. Ho began to bo takon with a eonvtilsivo shuddering. Summoning her courage again, tho girl togan to pull and tug at tho pocket of her coat. She anally extricated a reluctant colossal lkt bottle. It was dospondontly full. Sho uncorked it. 'Drink!' she said, -imply; 'Scotch whisky ! yer life depends on it! ' Howo took a long pull at tho flask, ' Don't stop she cried; ' there's heaps more ! there's heaps moro ! I've got it hid »t the ranoli. Lucky I kep' this frcm pop last night,' she soliloquised. ' I was nfearod ho was 'lowin' to get outsido of this, so as to olear Darcy. It 8 most too pnp'lar with pop. Reckon by this timo,' she added, confidentially, as if to licr bare foot, ' ther' wouldn't been nothin' in it but ths smell, if ho'd been bit. 'Pears lie' been bit i eg lav every ovoniu' lately.' Then sho turned to Howo and said stornly. 'Why don't yo drink .>' Thus adjured, Howo mado a laudable effort to diminish tho contents of tho flask. Penelope watohed him anxiously. 'Yer must drink it all,' sho protested, ' and then' looking at him slyly, as if to note the impression mado by her bibulous advice— ' and then—yer must begin 011 tho dininiyjohn. Stop yer take breath ; throw yer head buck; shut yer eyes and let her june; tho objek is ter get the pizen drunk.' Aftor which graphic medios] treatise, she subsided with a solicitous gravity in her eloquent black eyes. The contents of tho flask were serioufly diminishing. Howo felt no exultation from tho liquor. It was the antagonism of tho virus. ' Ye must got homo,' Penelope said, in anxiety, 'Ilomo?' said Howo, wonderingly. ' Yas—to tho ranch.' Sho picked up tho unfortunate owl, which, from its apparent distross, had not oven yot regained its wonted equanimity. ' Como,' sho said, shaking tiio lethargic gontleman, 'tumblo into yer snddlo whilo there's time.' IIo mecliunically obeyed her. She oalled to her dog to ' throw tho sheep togother.' Taking tho lariat of tho impassive Oscar, who had been an apparently icsthctic and stupid spectator of her previous efforts for his unfortunate muster, sho drovo tho bleating flock beforo her, and sot out for tho ranch. The nest-building of tho Texan is not characterised by that air of luxurious refinement which once obtained among older Southern States. The humblo dwelling of tho ex-judge, land-agent, and sheep-farmer,, I regret to say, was not an exception. Notwithstanding that wealth of ability whioh his varied pursuits might seem to imply, meohanical art interposed but an obsouro and feeble shield between him and the inolemenoy of the weather. This may have been owing to a stoical indifferenoo to olimatio changes, but I am inclined to refor it to a certain oarelesanoss and implioit laith in nature, quito in keeping with the Texan temperament. The idea of carelessness was strengthened in the mind of the oasual visitor by marked shiftlessness in material surroundings, and by apparently impotent efforts to disoard articles of departed utility. The surface of the bald prairie, which undulated like a beach of sand upon the borders of the ranoli, exhibited tho saiuo disreputable ouriositios that aro sometimes fauna on tho shore of tho sea. Tin cans, empty bottles, soleless boot", broken crockery, hats, shameless in their battered exterior—all in absurd attitudes of vagranoy—covered tho desecrated face of virgin tolitudo. The forlorn emblems of ephemeral adornment woro _ #11 perriitonUy mhI uninterestingly mat-eiilinn. It >h wltti orabamiflHmont that I admit, t lat there were other artiolos, unmistakably !• limno. # . The ranch itself had been rather '"J"* | dicioubly built at tho junction of two orceks, and on » very slight knoll In a small encirclintr clump of live oaks—tlicir over-green quality offering thus a fuoblo, but J'"™'1"'"1 shade. It was ot adobn, and undoubtedly picturofquo. I'b capacity for comfort at cerfnin sortBons was apparently beneath theattention of the owner. The roof from within afforded ocoasioiml astronomical opportunities and a pnno of glass in tbo solitary window was rendered uselessly opaquo by tbo intervention of an old folt hot. Howbmt, it was not altogothor unprepossessing. It bud onco boon tbo apartment of the accomplished judge, but as tho fWgUt of tirno marked a growing maturity in Penclo{X>, tho leiral gentleman; bad exhibited a chivalrio oourtesy in retiring to tho let* pretentious, but equally lcakv, cover of a tent, pitched just outside. Thin, with enforced retreats at odd timer) to tho kitchon-a long, low Btriioturo. built of slabs, und gracod with n small cooking-stove—formed tho father's sleeping quarters, and comprised his somewhat sad attempt at housekeeping. Tho whole was encircled by a Blight rail-fence. . Tho chivalric retirement of_tbo judge from Minn Penolope's room, was, however, tempered by signs of his intermittent prescnco. A meagre array of tho resources of X«Mn jurisprudence in tho sliapo of three dcbilitatod law-books, covered with dust, ana sectirod from perusal by over-topping feimtnno " gimcraoks," was supplemented by ani ample commentary, sanctioned by ono Lynch, J. to whom frontior ideas of exact justice apparently nccesaitated more assiduous refer- : euce. Briefly, tho wall in tho neighbourhood of tho scant law-library suggested an ursinal. It'Vas 'literally fre.»coed with munitions of war—shot guns, < Winchesters carbines, pistols, revolvers, and.bowies, included in this suggostivo display of the swift retribution that waits upon crime. It is not too much to say, that, with tbo oxceptionof several artioles of apparel, discreetly voiledby an overhanging strip of calico, thoy formed almost tho only details of this modest attempt at houso-furnishing. There was, however, one other prominent picco ot lurniture. A low bod, somewhat Hhaky in its undorpinning, and exhibiting that peculiar skotchincss in make-up of which tho interim' and, in fact, tho tout emmbkoi tuns caricature of mechanical art prevailingly partook. Mr. Kayo Howo was, at present, occupying it. A demijohn restod upon the jlonr. Penelope, tin-cup in hand, with a grim resolvo 111 her pretty fenturos, and a general utmosphero of pcrfunctory dosing, was seated near him. It is only tho gravo exigoncy of Ins rcocnt misfortune which constrains mo to admit that tho gentleman ww, at presont, hopelosslv inebriated. At the interesting moment iif his introduotiou, the laudable and unremitting attentions of Miss Natohoz had captured him. . Had Penlcopc been interested m drunkenness as a purely psychical study, it is to bo believed that, at succossivo .stages, her experimental oiforts would havo been amply rewarded. 'But sho was eminently practical, and ignored details. Sereno in tho achievement of hor purposo, attendant symptoms were disregarded* The pliononiena attributablo to alcoholic cxccss are almost infinite. Tho ardont devotion of somo temperaments when intoxieatod is worthy of a bigbor inHpiration. I think I am Haft) in saying that, whatever possibilities liquor may induco, Mr. Howo 'achieved thom all. He had beon hilarious, maudlin, affectionate, oven endearing. Ho was now feebly interjectional and mildly incoherent. His naturally retentive momory, excited by his potions, constrained him at first to entertain Misa Natchez with a lengthy rehearsal of acknowledged vocal abilities. Ho sang solos, duets, trios—his intoxicating judgment oven tempting him to grapple with a quarter. This proving a lamentable failure especially as ho evinced a disposition, to curry all tlio parts'at once—ho rolapsed into collogo-glecB, and eventually into a madly whirling drinking-chorus. Awakening to a realising senso ot his proxiiRity to beauty, ho exhausted tho resources of sontiinent and an unusually rich vocabulary upon tho astonished maidon. Ho willed her 'his flower,' 'his life,' 'his dream,' 'his brooding sweetness,' ' his ecstatic nihility.' Ho was evidently near tho clouds at this point. Ho oven instituted comparisons, and drawing from the bosoin of his blouse tho carte iif visits of a most faslitonably-drossed youuir lady, expressed his unhesitating prot'orence for tho natural charms of his few nurso. These vehement efforts woro associated with certain familiarities of gesturo and caress, which Penelope repelled with commendable coyness, but. with a manifest foabloness, prompted, no doubt, by her feminino consciousness of tho fact that his critical discernment was sadly blunted by tho frequency of his libations. In tho end, woru out by his violent exertions, Mr. 1'uyo Howo bccamn helplessly comatose. Miss Penolopo Natchez picked up the picture that had fallen from his nerveless lingers. She abandoned horself to a long and careful study of its attractions. Having concluded which, with tho disparaging comment that sbo 'didn't go much on sioh flno-hairod and furbelowed gals as thet,' she heaved a deop sigh, and with a tender glaneo at tho reoumbent Howe, ruthlessly appropriated It was now night. 'Pop' had not como homo. With somo forebodings for hor sire's present physical condition, she essayed to allay her filial anxioty by renewed efforts for the comfort of Howe. Now that ho was entirely nnconseious, sho lavished a woalth of tenderness upon bini; she lifted his head, and deposited it in her lap; sho passed her hands caressingly over the bloudo beard, and softly smoothed his thin hair; sho talked to him oooingly, in a sympathetic, pitying fashion, deprecating his misfortune, and sincerely gratoful for her prompt presence. And then, as time dipped away into tho email hours, aud tho moonlight—that mysterious foo of woman—filtered through tho well-ventilated roof and fell upon her ; and tho moekingliirdB—thoso melodious extollers of Luna's demoralizing tendencies—boguiled her with their song, sho grow suddenly lonely ; her head drooped, her black mano touched his forehead, and sho kissed liim. And the halffledged but vigilant owlot, as if by this seal ho recognised her now inalienable title to his chivnco-owncrship, attested it.by a soft' Hooo-o ! IIoo-o-othat sent the blood dancing over the girl's temples, as though a oloud of witnesses were conscious of lier weakness. But Mr. Faye Howo dreamed that the fashionable lady watched over his sloop. [CONCLUDED NEXT WJ2EK.[ Many persons use tho phraeo ' iu a trico ' who havo no conception of tho moaning. A "trice is tho sixtieth part of a second of timo. Tho hour is dividod into sixty minutes, the minute iuto sixty seconds, and tho second into Bixty trices, or thirds —Spanish trU. Countrymen (to hotel clerk)—' I reckon you'll have to give me another room, mister.' Clerk—' What s tho matter with the ono you have ?' Countryman — 1 The sign says, • Don't blow out the gas,' an', b'gosh, I oan't sleep with all that light in tho room.' • I don't see why you should sneer at say engagement ring,' said the fair girl with a flush of indignation on her cheek, as she faced tho belle of tho opposition town; ' it's a groat deal prettier than tho ono you woro three years ago, and haven't worn since !' ' No, dear.' replied her friend, with a cool, far-away look in her voioe; 'not prettier, but quite as pretty. It is the same ring.'— I'uck. A little boy was told that tho Rev. Mr. Goforth, the missionary to China, would be tho only Christian minister in charge of a district having as many people as are in the wholo of Canada. 'Mv!'he said, 'won't ho ' havi3 to holler.' '—Toronto Globe; » 