TURF GOSSIP. Br Adoub. The great racing festival bag been disposed of, and by unanimous consent it has been pronounced the most successlnl ever held noder the auspices of the leading club. So large are the profits that one ia curious to know what the club will do next in the way of raising the stakes or effecting improve ments. Everything favoured the club, for though the Derby day was a bit uncomfort able owing to the heat, the Cup day was one of the most charming ever experienced at Flemington, while the third and fourth days were all that could be desired. The dainty dish of sport which the V. R.O. placed before its patrons seemed to be highly appreciated by the distinguished visitors from all climes, and by nobody niore than the representative of the King of Siom, a Siamese gentleman with a perfect command of the English language,ac a.uired at that famoas eeatof learning, Oxford University. Lord Hastings and the nume rous American and European visitors were impressed with the week's racing, and could not be otherwise than pleased at the conduct of the immense crowds which assembled upon each day. I met hundreds, aye, I might say thousands, of men whom I had seen in the other colonies, and one and all expressed their delight There were eome complaints of the railway management, but it is impossible to get so many thousands of people back to town all at once. 1 think it highly creditable to the department that the vast crowds were conveyed to and from the course without a single accident, though no doubt there jrgf *oine cause for grumbling on the Oaks day. -Whatsurprises me is that the Tramway Cbmjto&y; does not lay down a line to the raceconrse, for thousands would patronise it on race days. It ia pleasant to go back to the Gup once more, tor, notwithstanding the discomfort a pressman experiences in bis desire to ob tain information in such a densely-packed mass of humanity, one cannot help feeling proud of it a* a spectacle; yet it is not so pretty as it was yeara gone by, when the at tendance numbered lass than half of that" of this year. In those days there was ample room for the ladies in their beautiful robes to display themselves upon the lawn, but nowadays that pleasure is denied the fair sex, because the males predominate/and take possession of the promenade which was onoe the privileged domain of the fair .sex. The show «f beauty and fashion is much prettier on Oaks Day, which -year by year becomes morepopolar -with the Rentier sex, and in futswchia will surely be " ladies' day." It it a remarkable coincidence that last year Denlop ran second for the Melbourne Stakes, uud then, carrying -fish 31b., won the Mel bourne *Gup ; «nd Mentor this year also ran second forthe Melbourne Stokes, and carried Sst- filb. tp victory in the Melbourne Cup. It was aU the more satisfactory to Walter Hickenbotham to win with Mentor, because he trained both the sire and. dam, Swiveller and Nightman, for Mr. C. M. Lloyd, who was hot well enough to visit Flemington on any of the first throe days, but was able to be §resent to see the colt win the Canterbury takes, and to congratulate his old trainer upon the result With Swiveller Hicken botham won no less than 82 races, riding the horse himself to victory now and then. With Nightmare he yu eight times victorious, and should all go well With, the colt now in bis bands many an important victory will fall to the popular magpie jacket. The one disappointment of the last day was the Steeplechase. I expected to see Mernder run and win, but Mr. S. Miller preferred to stand upon The Irishman, who fell, and everything else In the rode except Flashlight made a mistake of eome kind or other. Elletalle was the firstia come down, but he was immediately retnountod by Resting, and would have bad g show but for the crowd rushing In front of the fafextfenc causing the horse to baulk. Something i be dons to prevent * recurrence of so ob \- - • ; jectionable a practice. It was gratifying, to Corrigan\ to win In his : colours ra given in the very happy portrait published in this journal a fortnight ago. Carbine, made a sorry example of Wycombe, MoIob, and Pearlahell in the Foal Stakes, for be won in the commonest of canters, and caused more expressions of regret from the thou sands who had backed bim to win the Derby. That-Carbine is a colt of very high class I am more than ever satisfied, ana as be is engaged, in the Champion Stakes, it is possible that he may figure at the autumn meeting of the V.R.C. I most hark back to the Maiden Plate just to Bay that they were not a brilliant lot, and had Aldivallocb been a game one he must have won. He seemed to me to shirk the responsibility every time Bowes asked bim, and Ilex just managed to get her head in front. Quadrant didn't finish any too gamely either, but his shirking it, I fancy, was more attributable w> being above himself than cowardice. The Ballarat party backed Quadrant for plenty of money, hut Mr. Bailey's lack was out The friends of the stable recovered some of tbeir losses in the Flemington Stakes, which Savanak won like a racehorse. I thought it a very meritorious performance for the colt to carry 8st. 111b. and win like he did, though it must not be forgotten that he gut well away, while three or four lost all chance at the start. Unburn ran like a good colt, finishing very resolutely, and if Mr. Redfearn has not a more than useful animal in this youngster I shall be considerably oat of my reckoning. Arsenal disappointed Mr. Gannon in the V.R.C. Handicap, for with most of the good horses weighted close up to him he thought.toe son of Goldsbrongh would get home, but he failed, and Bravo, who was ridden with excellent judgment by J. Anwin one of Mr. T. Wilson's Btable ..boys, galloped home even easier than he, did in the same race two years previous. Me. Thomas Wilson insisted -that the horse would; do better in the hands of the boy that always rode him than if be were ridden by anybody else, and he was right. It is a pity be was not on his back when be ran for the Caulfield Cup, for the lad would hardly have made the mistake that Gorry did, of coming to the front so far from home. By the victory of the son of Grand Flaneur, Mr. W. Jones and Mr. M. Loughlin got back some of their losses on the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups, but the horse must still owe them a pretty considerable Bum, for it is two years since he was purchased, and this was the first victory Bince he joined the Ballarat stable. There was more genuine interest in the contest for the Canterbury Plate than in any race of the day, and the easy defeat of The Australian Peer must have astonished those who witnessed it. Mentor's pilot, O'Brien, always declared that if Tradition had not seriously interfered with him in the Mel bourne Stakes, he would have beaten The Australian Peer on the first day of the meet ing. That he was justified in expressing such an opinion the result of the Canterbury Stakes proved, for. toe Peer never bad toe ghost of a chance with him when it came to a struggle, albeit Cyclops gallantly fought it out with the Can winner. »nH cot second money. It is a pity such a race as the Canter bury Plate is not a richer stake. It ought to be 1,000 sovereigns, for it is worth every farthing of it to see the crack horses ran in it Mr. John Mayo is generally about on the last day of a meeting. The astute northerner makes few mistakes, and when he pat down the pieces with each a will on the last race of the day those who knew him were aware that The Queen would not be dethroned, and they were loyal for the occasion. She won very easily, and as she was conceding 111b to The Charmer the performance was one of great merit Thus ended a meeting which was in every way successful, and the officials of the V.R.C. are to be congratulated upon so highly satisfactory a result Of the horses that ran at the meeting Mentor and Carbine were undoubtedly the best, and it is to be regretted that they did not meet in one or two of the weight-for-age races Mentor's Cup victory, his dead heat with Cyclops, and his triumph in the Canter bury Stakes were worthy of a first-class race horse. I am all the more pleased because he is Victorian-bred, and that his aire and dam are both Located in Victoria. He is a horse of the Commotion type, and it is fortunate indeed that he tamed up to keep np the reputation of this colony as hie uncle did before him. Another good horse, sturdy and strong, just the sort of animal that should be enoouraged, is Cyclops,1 who is by St. Albans, and, like Mentor, is the son of a Panic mare, so that we are indebted to Mr. Phillips's gallant old son of Alarm for some'of the excellence inherited by these two cracks. In the Canterbury Plate Cyclops gave Mentor and The Australian Peer 71b., and though defeated rather easily by Mr. Wallace's horse, there is not more than 71b. between them. It is possible that The Aus tralian Peer was not quite himself at the end of the meeting. Several of the New South Wales horses on the first day were thoroughly strung op, and seemed to me to be jaded towards the finish, while the four horses that presented a rouuder appearance were Mentor; Cyclops, Carbine, and £ravo,' who all ran well up to the finish. In the Cup Malua proved beyond a doubt that he still retained nis pace, but he died away when the test of staying took place. Abercorn was dead as a stone in the Melbourne Stakes, that terrific race he ran in his endeavour to catch Wycombe in the three-mile race at Rand wick having taken so much out of him that yueetion if be had, recovered from it. yon was light, and woundup as we never saw him before, but if he appears at Fleming ton, looking in something tike his Australian Cup form, the best of them wilt have to keep going. Tradition is another of the elders whom I expect to see quite up to weight-for age form. at the autumn meeting.' Enfilade ran very respectably,'and this fine spn of Musket ought to improve with age, though, as a rule, the descendants Of his eire are not seen at their best after three years old. The Yeoman Mid Chicago both ran well through out the meeting, out were unlucky. The juveniles shaped so badly when pitted against Carbine thatone is almost foroed to the concla eionth&t; they are notanythinglike a first-class lot, but I'munder the impression that we shall see more than one of them torn out well. Hudolph 1 should take to be the best of the lot, and whenever he meets Necklet over six or seven furlongs I believe he will heat her. The most disappointing amongst them was Eokeby, who had done ouch wonderful things on the trainipg-jgcpiind, and failed to show even decent forqy in .public. That he ia capable of great tmpgef have not a doubt, and some day the pbeaomenalform he has displayed in private will probably he repeated in public, oavanak iSia.' cqlt who will im prove with time. This opn pf St Alb&na; displayed plenty of speed in toe Maribymong Plate, and the style in which he won the Flemington ftakgs on the last day., of the meeting must nave satisfied any body , who was eoeptical omfhs point Mr. Sylvest has a good wCaccington,«n4 - is also a st^art one. Mr. 6.Mkitinj tMpk.m»fco muchofa^tokejjn In edmething'tlfci the form she displayed id Sbe&rly8pfliig;,y' -That GaelSne fa a long war the best of the tfarMj'jrair^Ids I have not the shadow of a dpa&L-; vge mined the Derby by a duke, bat Denwc made no mistake with him in the other two races which he contested. In the Foal Stakes be defeated Melos and Wycombe as if they were third-raters, notwithstanding that the former made the rnnning and the latter came at him in the last forlong. They could not extend him, and either he must be a first- class colt, or they must be moderate indeed. I expect to Bee MeloB some day im prove upon his.Flemington form, (hough it is lucky indeed for Mr. Gannon and other nominators that Carbine is not engaged in the V. R.C. St. Leger, for he would bave hadn mortagage upon it. The Ballarat stables provided the winners of the three jumping races, and there can be no two opinions respecting the quality of Bine Mountain as a bgrdle-racer. fie is one of the best we ever saw, but except in second and third rate company I doubt if he is likely to shine on the fiat. Twice he made an at tempt in Bat races, hut upon neither occasion did he show anything like brilliancy; still be will some day perhaps land a race or two when not opposed by the cream of our handi cap horses. The Steeplechase field was one of the worst that ever went to the post at Flemington, and all the interest was taken out of it by the accidents that befel every thing but Flashlight, who is a long way from being a first-class horse. At Ballarat, how ever, under the watchful eye of Mr. Thomas Wilson, he has improved in condition, and may win another steeplechase or two before hiB racing career ends. Since the days of Archie no horse has dis appointed the watchers more than Wbaka wai. It was useless to contend that Mentor's gallop ot 3min. 46aec. on the tan was the best of the season. Tne New Zealander had done it in 3min. 41sec. on the sarid track, and was a certainty ; but he proved only a " flat catcher," and I am sorry to say that those moBt intimately associated with him suffered severely. Musket claimed more winners at the meet ing than any other sire. Necklet, Carbine; and Pearlshell all being by the great son of Toxophilite. That bis name will be at the head of the list of winners throughout Aus tralasia I have no doubt, for while his descendants were gaining glory at Fleming ton his son Manton was appropriating the three rich prises at the Canterbury Jockey Clab meeting in New Zealand. Stout ola Swiveller had a worthy son in Mentor, and had Dick Swiveller not been a cripple he, too, would in all probability have gained a win ning bracket The victories of Mentor must direct breeders'attention to theSnowden horse who sired him; he is at present in Gipps land in the stud of Mr. Mackintosh, wbd bought him at'the sale of Mr. Smith's horses for 300 guineas. Chester bad a couple of winners at the meeting, and they were Plutarch and Pippo, and Croagh Patrick's son Blue Mountain placed a couple of vic tories to his credit St. Albans had worthy sons in Cyclops and Savanak, the former of whom ran a. dead heat with Mentor for the Royal-park Stakes, and the latter won the Flemington Stakes. Grandmaster bad one winner, and that was Ensign, 'who won the Derby, and Larebin, The Ace, Conntryman, Robinson Crusoe, Martini-Henry, The Eng lishman, Newminster, D&rriwell;, Dante, Grand Flaneur,Torch I igh t,and The Drummer each claimed a winner. The Victorian-bred horses that won at the meeting were Mentor, Cyclops, Blue Moun tain, Mara, Newmaster, Ilex, and Savanak, who won nine races between them. New Zealand has the honour of having bred Car bine, Necklet, and Peaxlshell; New Sonth Wales produced The Australian Peer, En sign, Plutarch, Tourbillon, Pippo, Rudoiph, Bravo, and The Queen ; Sonth Australia pro duced Surprise, Pakeba, and Menotti; and Tasmania's solitary winner was Flashlight Mick O'Brien was the most successful jockey at the meeting, which pecnniariiy was much more satisfactory than any he had had, for he won the Maribyrnong Plate with Necklet, the Cup and Canterbury Plate with Mentor, with whom he also ran a dead heat for the Royal-park Stakes, and the Oaks with PearlshelL Tom Hales was victorious four times, he having won the Derby with Ensign, the Kensington Stakes with Pippo, the Nursery Handicap with Rndolpb, ana the Yan Yean Stakes with Pakeba. J. Seobie scored the two hurdle races -with Blue Mountain, and Derrett was twice suc cessful on Carbine, with whom he won the Flying Stakes ami Foal Stakes. E. Power also secured a couple of victories, one with The Australian Peer in the Melbourne Stakes, and the other with Savanak in the Fleming ton Stakes. O'Neil, Blair.Huxley, Fountain, J. Anwin, Campbell, Morrison, Corrigan, Gough, and Howard scored a win each while Ramsge gained halt a victory with Cyclops in the Royal-park Stakes. At Mr. John Crorier's stud the last of St Albana'a stock has "been foaled. It is a curious coincidence that the mare who was the latest due to him was Malua's dam Edella, and I am glad to say that she has produced a colt, who is therefore foil brother to Mb J. 0. Inglis's celebrated crack. Edella will now, I believe, visit' Newminster, whose lines of blood ehould suit her, for, like St. Albans, he descends from Stock well on the male side, and has the Touch strain on the dam's. I saw Edi " production the other day, and he after Malua than does the yearlinj Bimilar in colour, has the same w. face, and has white hind feet. This reference to the St. reminds me that Mr. Crosie; most important purchase. It brood mares Curlew, SoHta with the whole of their profta St Albans. I take Curieyr b; most valuable mares In tralis. She it by The the dam of Goldsbrough, Martini-Henry, and her yearM Albans is one of the finest collection. Solitude will be femembemil'da the good-looking daughter - -of Robihionr Crusoe and La Mousse who'thd to well as a two year old, and ebe hae* a yearling hlly; which will, 1 think, create a little sensation* when aha enters theaale-rihg. Chloe U fait" sister to Middlemarch, and taty Maribyrnong - from Housemaid^ by" "Stockwell from Scrabbing-Brush, -hr Tonchfetorie. These mares will prove a valuable acquisition to' tUe St Albans stud. Sad-Mara beeto beaten in the Williams town Cup last week'there would, I think, have bfcen a' demonstration Bgainst the starter, Mr. Tom Wateon. He started the hones on*hotsebgck, and as he despatched ' the held htohorae Interfered with -Mere, who' lost several lengths, and being a ratbef sJ6w-; beginner into thtt bargain, aha wss ahme distance behind every thin Z when they passed ■» thestaad the drat time; Me. -Cook naturally enough wastrerr much iocenked, but She bo» i who rode the-mare nevsrt baitiedther, atsi' the worn -Had she been bealanoher nmwif trould have made wiaflarisletiie etowecds, and he would haas been per Justified in so doing. A»ae*^ju^if horse were to loee a race ttor^hciaglate fated with br en MBeMhtlinr" -could the owner recover at law? This is a point I don't care to discuss, though by many it is held that he could. Starting on horse back is ail very well when the starter is on a horse that is handy and tractable, but when he is mounted upon one that is not, and there is a large field, the chances are that eome **10 referring**! the lucky holders of Mentor in Adams's £50,000 Bweep last week I was in error in stating that they had not laidoff any of the money. Mr. J. A. Gardiner, Gobolion, with several friends, had the lucky ticket, and a commissioner laid off for them £14,650. ,, . ,, w Richworth has been sold to . Mr. W. ^'citadel, who won the Queensland Cup, is a Victorian-bred horse, he having been raised in the Glenormiston paddocks. Hib breeding will bear inspection, for he is by the Cham pion winner Wellington from Fortress, by Ace oi Clubs from Gunshot, by Rifleman. He was once the property of the Hon. w. Pearson, and occupied a place in Mr. r. r Dakin's stables, but when Mr. Pearsons horses were disposed of he was aoldw goto Queensland. Honest Ned won the Sandgate Handicap on the first day for Mr. Woodyatt, but be failed to distinguish himself in the bigger event I'm pleased to see that Mr. Huuter won the Derby wiih Greywing, who ia a son of Vespasian. It was this colt whom Mr Hunter brought to Randwick lor the A J C. Derby, but the company was a trifle too good for him there. Foreman, who won the Produce Stakes on the second day of the meeting, is a colt that took my fancya great deal when I visited the Queensland Turf Club meeting in May. Mr. Mooney 8 old horse Yabba has evidently returned to his old form, seeing that he beat Pirate, Leich hardt, and others in the Town Plate. Mr. James M'Gill won the Hopeful Stakes'with a colt named Grand Chester, a son of Darebin and Esmeralda. 1 don't know how Esmeralda fe bred, for, aa ia the case with many of the Queensland mares, she does not appear in toe gtud book. . . Tasmanians who were over to assist at onr racing carnival informed me that no less than 30 two year olds were in training in toe island. ThiB is the outcome of the produce stakes which Mr. Sydney Page and a few others introduced at Oatlands, Carnck, and Hobart, and I am very much surprised that the Taamaman Turf Club has not yst made a move in the same direction. Produce stakes «ct as an incentive to breeders to raise the best of stock, and if the sportsmen of the north have the true interests of the turf at heart they will not lose a moment m folio wing the good example of their neighbours. Bis crowds attended Kirk's Bazaar and the yards of Messrs. W. C. Yniile and Co. at Newmarket on Monday. The attraction ■pon each occasion was a sale of racehorses. At the former place it was next to an i®; possibility to obtain a glimpse of \V hakaw&i; when he was submitted, so packed was the crowd, and upon future occasions of the kind I would advise Messrs. Campbell and Sons to shut the gates and mate a charge of ( a shilling for admission in order to keep out that gang of loafers who always infest a Bale-yard and take np the best positions. Whakawai, who had done such wonderful things on the track, but tailed to corroborate them on the racecourse, was the first submitted, and after some spirited bidding be was knocked down to Mr. George Glasscock, who was purchasing, I.believe, for a friend of Mr. R. M'Kenna, who races under the name of Mr. R. Clifford, and he goes into the same stable as Chicago. Tranter was passed in at 600 guineas, and then Mr. A. Yniile purchased on behalf of Mr. John Crozier the two-year-old fiiiy Belliesima, one | of the most fashionably-bred youngsters in the world. Mr. Crozier purchased her for her blood rather than for racing, and be was wise, for she is by Musket from Pulchra, by Rosicru cian from Formosa, one of the best mares that England ever prodaced, and for her breeding alone I think she was worth double what the St Albans studmaster gave for her. After luncheon another large crowd assembled at Newmarket to see the proceedings conducted by Mr. Archie Yuille. It was well, known that there would be strong competition for Tradition and Carbine, and those who came to witness the bidding were not disappointed. Wymlet,a G rand Nations 1 Steeplechase winner with a leg oi a Imost pronounced character, was the first .animal submitted, but he did not realise much, the old son oi King Tom ! being knocked down to Mr. J. R. Lee at 30 I guineas, but the new owner was glad to let him go subsequently at a loss of two and a | half gniDeas. Mr. T. Mnir obtained a cheap j filly in a two-year-old daughter of Guinea and Solitude for 32} guineas, and if Lord Roaebery were sound he was a bargain at | 65 guineas. After several other lots had been disposed of Mr. James Wilson, sen., j purchased a very fine three-year-old sister to Tradition for 185 guineas, and I was glad to hear that there was some likelihood of the veteran training her and others. I don't (think the band that prepared so many good winners, from the days of Ebor and Mnsidora to those of Briaeis, First King, Petrea, and Savanaka, has lost its cleverness. A big, loose-made two-year-old brother to Tradition did not realise the 000 guineas reserve, and then Tradition came into the ring. He was quickly started at 1,000 guineas, and rapidly ran to 2,000, the chief competitors being Messrs. Brooribb and P. Hey wood. The set- to continued until a bid of 8,000 guineas from Mr. Brodribb elicited a round of applause, and then Mr. Hey wood advanced another 00 guineas and got him, for himself arid a couple of friends. It is a big price, but ft grander specimen of the thoroughbred racehorse has never been seen in Australia, fifewding folly 16 bands 3 inches, be is as well put together as any horse a band lower, and .baa wonderfnl substance, his legs being -fbroad and flat, and remarkably well placed. He has a beautiful temper, ana though it is asserted he is not a good feeder on fast work, I shall be mistaken if he does not prove one of the best weightfor-age horses of the day. All that bothers him just now is his teeth. So magnificent a specimen of the thorough bred eight to ha worth the money given tor pirn as a sirs, for, like Panic, those of his jjtock not fast enough for flat-racing are certain to he useful for hurdle-racing, Bteeplechasing, or some other piypose. Carbine then entered the ring, and this, the test of a|l the three year olds that ran at the v. R.0, meeting, was sold in double quick time. Off he went at 2,000 guineas, and £,200, 2,500, 2,750, and 3,000 following in quick soccessioQ, he was knocked dow to Mr. SEsnr Ryan for a patron of Walter Hicken bbtham's stable. The only other animal that fetched thrpe figoras was a two-yejur^ffd fill* b# "tab A»sm to Mr; West at j fete V.B.C. meeting was] daymorningattfiel s's Tattermll's. At l .ymembenofthSTiiigj [ the t»t " « Meet] ibadtoj paid was the 5,000 to 5 laid by Mr. J. Giles to Mr, John Crozier, who had the good lack to back Chicago and Mentor for the two Caps. The settling proceeded merrily at the Victorian Club, where there was a large gathering in the evening, and champagne flowed freely. Mr. Thomas Haydon pro posed the health of Mr. Donald Wallace in a neat little speech, in which he congratulated so good a sportsman upon the well-deserved success which had attended his efforts, and be declared that so highly did the members of the ring appreciate bim tbat be was ante they wonld rather pay to Mr. Wallace than receive from anybody else. I've been look ing for a bookmaker of this description for many years, but have not yet succeeded in finding him. When I do I shall make a note of it Mr. Wallace replied in manly style, and Mr. Alfred Joseph in responding for The Losers " expressed a hope tbat he and the other members of the ring wonld have better luck next year. Very fair entries have been received for the Standiah Handicap and Bagot Handicap, to be run at the summer meeting of the V.R.C. For the former 52 horses have been nomi nated, and the list includes Malua, Bravo, Tradition, Ben Bolt, Hortense, and many other good performers, bat there isn't a single entry from Sydney, at which I am not surprised, for most ot those that figured at our spring meeting will require all the time between this and onr autumn meeting to thoroughly recover from the gruelling they have received in the Bpring. Only 29 horses have been nominated for the Bagot Handi cap, but this number includes Mentor, Mains, Cyclops, Ben Bolt, Bravo, Tradition, Chicago, The Yeoman, and Newmaster. Lonsdale, I observe, ia nominated for both events, and so is Wbakawai, while Sydney is represented by Theorist. Mr. D. S. Wallace's colt by Wellington from Result has been named " Retort" Mr. H. C. White's colours are but seldom seen nowadays, bnt at Rosehill I notice that he won two races with Mitre and Cigarette. The first-named is bait brother to Pentagon and Victory, by The Pontiff from Victress. The thoroughbred horse Ringwood, by Yattendon from The Alpaca, died the other day at Singleton, N.S. W. I regret to hear that Mr. G. B. Rowley, the secretary of the Rosehill Racing Club, is seriously indisposed. After Eaglet's performance in the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, I am not sur prised to hear that the Messrs. Miller have acquired possession ot another of the same tribe—to wit, Vulture, who is said to be a full brother to Mercnry, by Wild Eagle from a station mare named Mrs. M'LeocL Vulture has only ran moderately hitherto, bnt in Bellamy's bands be ongbt to pay nis way. The price paid was £200, and certain contin gencies. A race meeting was held at Cole brook (Tas mania) on the Prince of Wales's Birthday. King Louis won the Hurdle Race, Helene the Trial Stakes, Promised Land the Cole | brook Plate, Hope the Nursery Handicap, Native the Steeplechase, and Semiramis the j All-aged Stakes. ) Bacchns Marsh entries will require the at-, tention of racing men on Monday, for on tbat day they close at 100 Bonrke-etreet west, Melbourne, at 4 p.m., and with the horn secretary, Mr. R. G. Fincham, Bacchus Marsh, at 9 m. One of the chief features of the programme is the Bacchus Marsh Cross country Steeplechase of 100 so vs., about two miles, which ought to attract a goodly entry, though just now we are not well off for good i steeplechasers, some of onr best having been either killed or broken dowa The other events are the Flying Handicap of 50 sova. Hurdle Race of 50sovs., Selling Race ot 50 so vs., Farmers' Plate of 20 so vs., and Snm-i mer Handicap of 50 sovs. The course hah been greatly improved since last meeting, | and Mr. H. Skinner has been appointed'1 caterer, so that visitors from town shotfid have no cause to grumble at the victualling department Special trains will run from Spenoer- street to the race course. Nominations for the Bairnsdale Handicap of 100 sovs., Bainrndale Gold Cup of 100 sova , Hnrdle Race of 30 sovs., and Railway Handi cap of 25 sovs., dose at the V.R.C. office, Melbourne, at 4 p.m., or with the secretary, Mr. James Johnston, tBairnsdale, at 8 p.m. to-morrow (Friday), November 16, Moonee Valley mixed meeting, to be held on Tuesday, November 27, will have to be at tended to by racing men on Monday, for on tbat day entries close at the office, 56.J Bonrke street west, at 4 p.m. The bill of fare opens with the Juvenile Handicap of 50 sovs., for two year olds, fonr furlongs. The other events for horses are the Selling Race of 100 bovb., five furlongB, and the Oatlands Handi cap of 50 sovs., six furlongs. The pony events consist ot the Niddrie Handicap of 50 sovs., tor 12.2 and nnder; Ardconnell Handi cap of 50 sovs., for 13 hands and nnder; Ailsa Handicap of 50 sova, for 13.2 and nnder; and the Welter Handicap of 50 sova, for 14 and nnder, the competitors in the last-named race having to be ridden by amateurs. General entries for the Wyndham meeting close at the V.R.C. office, Melbourne, at 4 p. PL, and with the secretary, Mr. M. Wall, at the Werribee Clnb Hotel, Werribee, at 8 p.m. on Monday. The events which have not yet closed are the Trial Stakes of 50 sova, for horses that have not won an advertised race value more than 20 sovs.; Selling Han dicap of 100 sovs., five furlongs; Hnrdle Race of 60 sova, about one, mile and a half j Flying Handicap of 50, soya, fonr furlongs and a half; and the .'Spring Handicap .of 100 sova, six furlongs. Those who nave horses engaged .in the Suburban Handicap of 300 sova must not forget that it they wish to get oat without any farther payment they will have to declare at the same.time and placea . Racing men who have nominated for the Wagga Gold Cup, Hnrdle fiace, and Steeple chase ;mnst not forget that if they wish to retire they will have to declare on Monday. The following stakes have been paid over this week by the Williamstown Raring Club s—Mr. 8. G. Oook, £400 and trophy for first in the Williamstown Cup; Mr. S. Miller, £140 for first in theJPrince of Wales Stakes; Mr. EL Connolly, flOQlor Telegraph Stakes • Mr. C. A. Weston, <£90,ifor Hnrdle Race; Mr. J. EL Hill,-£W< 4oc*8tam>tecbase; Mr. R. Wyman, £66 for TrsgiminaS takes; Mr. A. Havfisti £50; If* ML G'Shhnassy, £50; Mr. Wr GJaasco«*,£10; Mri J.' Denny, £10; Mr. R. Moffat* £M)fndMr. W. Thomas, £10. On WtMLnseday -lcnfl Friday next the Mnr rnmbidgee Turf rSeeune willbe held on the Wagga course. 1 feSpnot nnderetand why the races should hot be held on consecutive dare. In forme*'ysaw; Voclng liien did not cars to remain -in'Wagga four or fiVe days, which they .V«ttT compelled to' do;if they wished to see the4 meeting out, and the dab very1 wisely yCddced It %t> two drivs) buttbose who Wish to gtiend'the meeting this year will he tib'-bfetteS jrff thari fottwrij, tentiee """ the vicinity of Melbourne end Sydney that most of the country meetings will have to depend upon their local stables for lie las. When we find IVilliamstown, \tynabatn, Afoonee Valley, Mentone, Elsternwick-parK, and Epsom giving prizes of from 300 to ow sovs., it is not likely that owners will carei to go far afield. Tradition heads the list for the Wagga Cap, and has been handicapped at lOst 71b. Even if his new owner were dis posed to Bend the horse, I fancy this weight would cause him to alter his mind ; yet those under him are, with few exceptions, of the mediocre kind. Leichhardt, Minerva, and Desmond are fair animals, and so is Southerly Buster, whom I expect to see win, and next to him I like Desmond and W. E. Gladstone. Redeemer is the beat outsider. The Hurdle Race is headed by Minstrel Boy, but I like better Sooxett, Rent, and The Irishman, one of whom should win, and for the Steeplechase 1 like The Irishman, Rent, and Marmion. There will be a race meeting at Moonee Valley this afternoon, and, as usual, it is certain to attract a large crowd, though the entries are not quite so numerous as usual. For the Nursery Handicap I fancy Radoo, Lady Agnes, and Richelieu. The Corinthian Handicap will give the amateurs an oppor tunity of distinguishing themselves in the saddle, and Wyvis, Crown Brand, and Rouge et- Noir may fight it out for places. The Jane field Handicap distance, five furloDgs, ought to suit Derision, who should win, and next to him commend me to Lando and Typbon. If Yankee Grab is himself he ought to win the Steeplechase, and failing him Cuckoo or Miiepost. If Derision does not etait for the Selling Race Clarendon or Julian Gray may first catch the judge's eye, and in the Novem ber Handicap I expect to 6ee Straight Shot or St. John win. T. Lamond'a string will shortly be in creased by the addition of two of Mr. S. Gardiner's fillies, one named Radiant, by Suwarrow from Topaz, and the other Lens, by Precious Stone from Microscope. The Deniliquin Jockey Club programme for the 26th December appears this week. It contains seven events, including a Hurdle Race of 25 sovs., Boxing Day Handicap of 35 sovs., Trial Stakes of 15 sovs., and Flying Handicap of 15 bovs. Entries close with the secretary, Mr. J. W. H. Wyse, at 8 p.m. on Friday, December 8. Pleasant Creek also is in the field with a programme for Boxing Day, the Pleasant Creek Racing Club Handicap of 25 sovb. being the centre dish. It also contains a Maiden Plate, Flying Handicap, Stewards' Cup, Forced Handicap, and Pony Race. Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. A. Brown, on or before the 1st of Decem ber. Lady Annie, who won the Hurdle Race at Elsterawick-park, is by Sussex, not Al* dinga. The members of the Australian Jockey Club committee have decided npon having a winter meeting. It is to be hoped it will include a good hurdie race and steeple chase. Mr. John Stephenson and many otherNew Zeaianders departed for their homes during the week, and amongst the passengers by Tuesday's steamer were Dan O'Brien and Derrett. The Hon. E. Mitchelson went home by way of Sydney. Before be left he informed me that as he had a colt by Musket from Nellie Moore and another by Leolinus from Atlantis in next year's Derby, he would, in all probability, make another attempt to gain some of (he honours of the Australian turf. He has left Tranter behind, and the colt has gone to Caulfield, where Mr. P. Hey wood will keep ah eye upon him. Mr. Bradshaw, by advertisement, calls for entries on Mcmday next for a meeting at Richfield, Mordialloc, on Friday, 23rd insk The events include a Handicap Hurdle Race of30sovs., about one mileand a half jaSelling Race of 40sova, fourfurlongs, for 18.2 ponies; a Handicap, over a like distance; the Richfield Welter Handicap, five furlongs, in which amateurs are allowed 51b. ; the Mor dialloc Handicap, a mile and a half; and a Mile Flutter, for 14-hand ponies. Entries close at the office, 100 Bourke-street west, next Monday; weights appearing in Wednes day's papers. That there were some grounds for grumb ling at the crushing that took place at Flemington there cannot be a doubt, and the public will be glad to hear that the traffic authorities of the Railway department have under consideration a scheme the adoption of which, it is believed, will do a great deal towards abolishing the severe crowding npon the Flemington station platform and its ap proaches on race days With the object of relieving the pressure upon the platform, and of mitigating the unseemly struggles which take place in connection with the entering of railway carriages, it is suggested that three rows of short barriers should be erected IO VI OMVIV fc»f»aa*VaO ouvutu UC CtWlVU at frequent intervala In order that over crowding at the entrances to the platform may be removed, it is proposed that a number of races, only wide enough to admit of one person,- should be constructed. At each entrance to the platform there are six door ways, and from each of these ft is proposed to fix a " race" about 60ft. in length. It is con sidered that by this means similar pressure to that which was at times experienced about the platform entrances in connection with the races last week will in the future be removed. The scheme, when fully matured, will be sub mitted to tbe Railway Commissioners for approval. In Adelaide there seems every probability ot racing being carried oat in good style on1 the old coarse. At a meeting held last week it was announced that Mr. John Pile had Joined the Messrs. BLackler as co-lessee, and on behalf of the club he had accepted the offer from Mr. W. Sleekier to lease tbe course for £600 j»r annum. By adopting this course, Ma £. Ward stated, die profits would not go into private pockets, bat would be devoted to rating, and he had no donbt that ere long handsome stakes would be available; Of one thing he was sue, thet nnless tbe profits from racing were devoted' to racing Parliament would Immediately re voke the sanction it had given to die machine.' >A strong provisional committee waa elected, and the dub ought soon to be in good working order. As there has been some controversy re specting Tradition's having been tb the stud, I have asked bis late owner, Mr. West,' the facta. Se informed me that the horse covered a few mares at two years and three' years old, and he has three fine yearlings and three foals by him. Messrs. William C. Yuille and Co. report having sold the brood mares Solitude, by Bobinson Crusoe from La Mousse; Curlew, by The Marquis from Sylvia (dam of Golds brough . and. Martini-Henry): and Cbloe, Sister to Middlemarch, by Maribyrnong from Housemaid (imp.), with their yearlings by St. Albans, aha their foals, to Mr. John Crozier, Albans; also the brood mama; Restless, full slater' to Mentor, by Swiveller ; frdm Nightmare, and Axiom (damof Lamond), by Fireallck from Theorem, to Mr, S, L, West, ■ NWSoutfc'^ales, ' - ; IFlemihgtiirf presents a very quiet appear w.** Mbstbf the trainertfrdm thc^lUb tramert trO^; now represented 09. the track every morn- j in|ir. Cullen announces the opening of his new course at Hurlingham, Oakleigh-park, on Friday, 14th December, The programme consists of sir events, five of them being for horses and) one for ponies. First on the list is a Hurdle Race of 75 sova, about one mile and a half, and next to this comes a Selling Race of 100 sovs. Then follows the Qippsland Stakes, of 50 sovs., for two-year-olds, four furlongs and a half. The Flying Handicap, of 75 sova, five furlongs, comes next; and the fifth item is the Hurlingham Handicap, of 100 sova, for ponies 14 hands and nnder, six furlongs, which ought to bring out a large number of the liliputiana The wind-up is the Oakleigh-park Handicap, of 125 sova, six furlongs, which is sure to attract a goodly entry. Entries close on Monday, December 3, but the advertisement does not notify The Sydney Driving-park Club this week publishes the conditions of the Free- for-all Trot of 75 sovs., and Two-war-old Trot of 20 sova, to be decided at the meeting to be' held at Moore-park on the 15th December. The big event is open to all horses bar the American Huon, and is two mileB,Bingle event. The numerous friends of Mr. John Wbit tingham will regret to bear that Mrs Whit tingham died a tew days ago. Need I say that everybody who is acquainted with Mr. Whittingham deeply sympathises with him in his bereavement. Let me direct the attention of racing men to the summer programme of the V.R.C., whjch appears in the advertising colnmns this week. In addition to the Normanby Stakes^ tandiah Handicap, and Bagot Han dicap, which have already closed, it contains a Hurdle Race, of 250 sova, about two miles; Steeplechase, of 300 sova, about two miles and a half; and the Criterion Stakes, of 200 sova, for two-year-olds Entries close on the 10th oi December. Campbell and Sons, in conjunction with M'Namara and Co., will hold a sale of 400 horses at Tungamah, on Thursday, Novem ber 22, when a number suitable for the Indian market will be disposed of. | On Tuesday, November 20, Messrs Camp bell and Sons will submit to auction the annual draft of Sir William Clarke's horses consisting of 30 head of lour and five years old, by Defoe, Bordeaux, and the imported trotting sire Yonng Montrose, and a number of Mr. West's horses will be disposed of on the same day. On Wednesday, Novem ber 21, the firm will Bell a number of horses for Messrs. J. and P. Boland, A. J. Cheater, and J. G. M 'Donald. Upon another page of this journal will be found a portrait of Mr. Donald Wallace, whose horse Mentor won the Cup last week. It is just over 44 years ago that he was born upon his father's estate of Ballark, between Geelong and Ballarat, and it is a curious coincidence that, within a few yards from where he was born, the colt Mentor was foaled 40 years afterwards. Some years ago Mr. Wallace was a member of the firm of Sloane and Company, Melbourne merchants, but he retired from the business, and purchased a very large station in the Clermont district, Queensland, and for this constituency he was subsequently elected a member of the Queensland Parliament. Previous to this he married a Queensland lady, Miss Thorn, youngest daughter of Mr. George Thorn, of Ipswich, one or the earliest settlers in the Moreton Bay district. In his racing career Mr. Wallace has been more successful than most men, for his well- known magpie jacket has flashed first past the post in several of the great turf events of Victoria. Napper Tandy was one of the first horses that brought his colours into prominence, and with this son of Maribyrnong Mick O'Brien was several times successful, winning with him the Winter Stakes and Railway Stakes at Geelong in July, 1881, and in the following season the Flat Race at the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting, the Windsor Handicap at the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting, and the Victorian Club Cup, in which he carried 7st 10lb. and beat Sir Peter 6st. 13lb., Swiveller 9st. 2lb., Wellington 9st 7lb., Commotion 8st 2lb., and several others. Among other races he also won the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap. Sir Joseph was another horse that carried his colours, and with him he was victorious in the South Yarra Handicap and Glen Huntly Handicap. Chuckster won the Oakleigh Handicap, Malvern Handicap, and Standish Plate for him ; and Mick O'Brien was on the back of that good horse Calma when he won the Mares' Produce Stakes as a three-year-old, and also when he came forth and landed the Caulfield Cup. A very smart filly that carried Mr. Wallace's jacket was Duenna, with whom he won the V.A.T.C. Juvenile Stakes. Perhaps the best horse he ever owned was Le Grand, who sealed the crown of glory when he won the Champion Stakes for his popular master, but the colt broke his back shortly afterwards. Mr. Wallace has owned many other horses, but during the past yeart or two the best of them have been Mentor and Enfilade, and with this pair I hope to see him gain many another victory, for it is a pleasure to see so straightforward and honourable a sportsman, triumphing in the contests of the turf. Three well-known supporters of the tnrf leave Adelaide fa; the outgoing mail steamer. They are—Sir Thomas Elder, Hon. CL C. Hawker, arid Mr. Barr Smith. Now that -fit Gannon's horse* have returned to Sydney, 8. MahofL the urdll known Flemirigton trainir, has roifr Vr "fire very comfortable boxes to let or belt pre pared to take a few borate to train. . On the 9tb oi November the Hon. Johp Eales'e old .mare Chrysolite foaled acoltfo Grandmaster. As the heir to* (he British throne it (be Grand Master of the Freemasons1 of MtagUnd would it .not be appropriate If the aquire of ©qdmnfieiA were tonametais yonnirster the prince of Wales. . , Tbe following.prograijvae.hM been toned? by tbe Viotoriaq Glnb tot tbett race meeting, to be heldoo fiaturday,tbe 18thofDecember next, at Caulfieldi—Hurdle Race, of 100 •ova,aboutqne mile and.three-quartern; Two year-old Handicap,(3 »0 aovt.^ hw^HBUe Victorian, Clab Handicap, of 900 eon.', one mile and a quarter and a distaact z Belling Race, of 100 ebva;, five furlongs *,-Steeple chase, of ISO sow* about t*o tulles; Ftp Handicap, of 100 .eova.. five and a n_ furlonga This qqgbt to produce aqmp ficat claea sport . , ■ BcaAKWiKM,—MtvnnnbHgee Tort Club,—All Bo mcemenU — WinrtM Boy. BdManr, Minptpp. Ogaxita oolt,plari* Muatf miy. . < 