FRAGMENTS OF FUN. I MAUD, gahingly : * Oh, Clara. my dear, do u look as my engagement.ring? Won't all the s gilts be dying of envy?. Actually three e: solitaire. l' it OLD bachelor patients ' Doctor, I feel 51 miserable in mind and body. What shall I tl do?' Doctor (greffir): ' Take a wife.' ' My errand here to-night,' said a young a lawyer to a damsel on whom he had called, to 'reminds me of the cry of an owL' *Indeed, a said the maiden, ' what to your errand here to-night? 'Courtship,. To wit, to woo.' , Lirrm E Charlie wa visiting his three old a maid anties, and one night they had damtes. preserves for uanper. As Charlie smacked his lips and passed up his plate for more, he remarked: ' Im very fond of..preserved d damsels.' d Tar San Francisco Argonaut adapts the Ii Bard of Avon to the occasion, and says: All b the world is a jungle, and all the men are tigers. If this be true there are lota of tiger S masquerading in asees" skins. ? Docroa: Did you say to your husband, v Mra. Hendricks, that it agreeable to him 1 would send bill for service rendered during a his recent severe illnesst Mrs. Hendriols: Yes, doctor; and be thought that you had better wait until he getsa little stronger. 'P]?.uas, sir, have you seen a gentleman without a little girl !' 'Well, and what it I have, little one? ' My Unole John hu lost me, and I thought it you'd seen 'a gentleman a without a little girl you could tell me where he wa. o Way is a tallow.chandler necessarily both vicious and unfortunate Because all his a works are wick-ed, and all his wick-ed workse are brought to light. MAnte.-' Mamma, can't I go over to Kitty's house and play awhile " Mamma (besitatingly) : 'I don'S know, deer. I yes; you can go for just a little while. 1 Mamie (demurely) a ' Thank you, mamma, t I've been.! Tam GREAT MaN Waosn NAen TaR WORLD Hoaousa.-The following, aooornlog to the London " Standard,* is a boy's composition about ' Cimbus':-'.Clumbns was a man who could make an egg sand on sed without breakingi it. The King of. Spain said to Columbus: ' Can you disoover Ameris? ' ' Yes,' said Clmbns, ' if you will give me I a ship.' So he got a ship and alled 1 over the sea in the direction where he I thought America ought to Be found. The sailoe quarrelled, and said they believed there was no such place. But after mal I days the pilot came to him and said: '" tum bus, I see land.' 'Then that is Americs,'ssid CJumbus.. When the ship got near, the land was full of b.lack men. Olambussaid: 'Is s ahle Amerioi~' 'Yea, iis,' said they. Then the chief said: 'I suppose you ate Olumbasm' 'You are right.' .said he, Then the ohies a turned to his men 'nd said: 'There ia no help for it; we are discovered at last.' JoHass's Quebro --'Ma,' said little I Johnny Snooper, ' why do they always put in a scyths when they make a picture of Time? 'To represent the ehortness of life, Johnny. Time nuts people down, you know.' But when time shball be no mower he'll drop his scythe, won't her' 'It's timae or yea to go to bed. Johnny.' -IHnazoa-I am afraid that it is not for me i i?t you come so often, but for my money. I Ardent Wooer-You are cruel to say so. How could I get your money without getting Ay' Ias?uoar.'--(Sasne: A fSodok village school Goveroment inspector examlaing a dma on the subject of the Witch' of Bndo. and Samuel's ghost). Government loepetoc : ' Well, boys, what did the Witch of loder think she sawr' (Pame.) Firast Boy: ' Plae sir, that woe an apparition.' Government Inspecter: ' Quit right ; but what is sn apparition ' (Longer paus.) Second Bor : ' Plae. son,.tht .be a spaotur I' Government Insector: 'Y'Y..yes, quite ight again, so fa ; ut rwat's aspece ! (Prolonged pause.) Bright Boy, is a wild aleett : ' Plaza, sr, that be a gentleman as go about examinin' soult I ' Tea Whomo WAY.-,'Iay. Bill,' said one I London street urchin to another on seeing a dode pass y, 'that felltelooks as it is 'sad I had been Itted to 'is 'at, not 'is 'st to 'le Tax Oarsonavarm on I.-Mamma I (writng letter in the adjonini lbrary):' How Is "'wept:speile'. h7l"' "thel (recently, 'betothed) : ' 8.w--sae. (stepi, Henley I) pt-t mamma' Go1ae comes down to breakfast with a swollen visage, whereupon mamma says to the tocr-year-old: ' Geogiadono t you feel I well 'Tell mamma what the matter is.' George, full of infl.e'~ , replies: 'No, I dons feel well .B rf of my eyes is lekIin', and one of my noses don't go.' IABala : ' Young Sampeon has been de votes to you for two or three years, hasa't I?be Daughter . ' Ye, papa.' Bather: tlun't be very slow about proposengl - Teacher: 'The object of this lon is to I uInculte obedi ace. ' Do you know wrha "obey"meanne AptPapil : ' Yes ma'am. I obey my father.' Te.eber: 'Yes; thea's sight. Now. tell me why you obey your father? Apt Pupil 'Cause he' biggern me. \- Tit Bite." ' That sermon was the nest eSfort I ever beard,' said a man on his way home oram churca. ' I wouldn't have missed Is foee 20dot. I' •I'm glad you enjsyed it, John,' said his wife. '" @, I enjoyed it; but there was one thing that annoyed me.' ' What we I cbat. John r 'I bad no changs in my p oe r-se than ball a dollar for the contribudtons box,' Lr lrr NerL, (to visitor): ' Oh, I hbav Ssuch good news. Mamma and paps and I are all goin to another c ty so live. Vior : 'I .deed ? You amase me. What city isis!' Little Nell : ' It bhas ash a funny name. It . called Harry, d Is's an awnt old city.' 1 Visitor : 'Oh, you must have heard the name wrong.' Little Nell 'Ob, no, I didn't. Is was at the beekfa-t-ihtla; pa pa told I mamma to go to Old Harry and mamma told papa to go tbere himself, and then I S.ektL them to take me, and they didn's sap sayshiog btl I know they will.' Nor are HIsa -' I know that you love me.' sue said a.ntimentally, as he held bher . is est. I know: that you love me,' she repeted; 'becaue when I lay my head aal'.styour breaet your heart beats ~o loud I can hear it.' 'That,' gasped the poor fellow, as the awful truth dawne d upeohiai, 'that is oot my heart T'hat'. my Watenrbsy watch.' e Yousa wife (at dinoer table,' blnig): 'I hink you-you-ae just as mean as-a-you Uan be. I have made thea-ti at apple iumnpling as a pleaswnt esrpeise to you, and no~o?--wo mns me ben the are to cut is ope with.' Young Hrbsndi ' Gid g sao n, Maria I ethat a donpinlng A h5o nd peueles II tolk it flor a eeanat 