ROWING ISoTES. [ST MOHPHETT BRIDGE.] The Adelaide Rowing (Jlub have been specially fortunate this year in drawing byes, and will be represented in the finals on Satur day in every race in which they are entered. It' is true that they partly agreed to row the Universities on Thursday for the Harrison Cup, so as to save the Port ere w from coining to town till Saturday, but on second thoughts they declined to throw themselves into the breach, and the Ports will have to abide by their draw. I notice Smith rows No. 3 for the Port crew, and as this oarsman is also a member of the Commercials, and was picked to row in their senior crew, I presume the association rule requiring consent of both captains ha3 been complied with otherwise serious complications may arise. The committee of the association very wisely decided that the two heats for public schools should both be rowed on the Saturday, Whinham's v. Prince Alfred and Adelaide Collegiate School v. St. Peter's opan ing the ball. On the present form the fiaal heat, to be rowed later in the day, should be between Prioce Alfred and Adelaide Collegiate School, and though the latter are rowing in much better style, the extra weight of the former (who average 10 stone each) will make things pretty even. I have seen the Univer sity maiden pair-Bayly and R. He- iming out for the first time, and am much taken by their style; cctcris paribui. I should prefer their chance to either of their opponents, but the Norwood boat must give their crew an advantage of five or six lengths a big handicap over a short course. It wa3 a great pity that the Junior Sculls fell through, only one entry being received. Where i3 Frank Mitchell? Will the Corner engulf all our beat carsmen ? Crews practising should be particular to keep their right sides. From the Morphett-bridge last night I saw a pair nearly put a hole in the Adelaide's best boat. I will not name the offenders this time, but trust they will remember that the watcher on the bridge sees all. By some unfortunate mistake two Port crews were not entered on Friday, and naturally enough the clubs they would have to compete against object to a post entry. MaDson's crew, who were on the riper last night, would have made it warm for soni3 of the town juniors. The two senior crews of Adelaides cannot keep apart, and last night were again raciDg for dear life. Surely there cannot exist any lingering doubt a3 to which is the better? Poole's crew are lifting their boat; Milne's dragging theirs through the water. Lewis, the Port sculler, was pointed out to me on Saturday, but I did not believe my informant. Last night he was out again, and frem his style then he has not a ghost of a show against a strong sculler like Falk, His sculling might be good enough for a junior, but is far and away below senior form. Ballantyne's crew were putting in good work, and' with men like Bushby and Slight in the crew will serve it up rather too hot for Anderson's crew in Torrens fours. 