THE STANLEY ELECTION. To the Flitor of the Queensland Times. DeARs Sra,-1 was glad to see, in your last Thurs day's issue, the letters signed " A. Phelps" and "X.Y.Z.," because they tend to make Captain Vernor come out in his true colours, as an out-and. out M'Ilwraithian. Thoseof us who havelived in this part of West Moreton for many years of course understand this fact well, because the Captain has always been on the equatting side in politics; he was so, in conjunction with that pattern of veracity and good manners. Mr. Peter Thomson, in the old days when Mr. (now Sir A. H.) Palmer was Premier, and he has been so ever sence; so that we who are not "new chums" thoroughly understand his very recent conversion to "Independent" views. But later arrivals in the district may not take in the situation so well. To these latter let me say, Beware ! The fact that that wily old campaigner, Mr. P. O'Sullivan. has all of a sudden taken up the rule of eoftsoaper-general is, I take it, sufficient to show that the Captain is being made a tool of to split the votes, and make the seat secure for that very '" P. 0." about whom Mr. Peter Thomson once had such "startling designs" to communicate to some of those whom he wanted to cajole into voting for him. Again I say to my brother- electors, Beware I Do not let any O'Sullivan-cum.Thomson cum-Vernor combination or syndicate induce you to vote for either of the first or third persons in this trio, but give your votes to your old and tried representative, Mr. W. Kellett, and show, as you have shown before, that it takes smarter men than either Mr. O'Sullivan or Mr. Thomson to throw dust in your eyes. or to make you believe that soch ultra-equatters as Sir Thomas M'Itwraith and the great bulk of his supporters will do anything in Parliament that will tend to the advancement of the interests of the farmers and selectors in the Stanley electorate. Against Captain Vernor-whom almost everybody likes-I have not one word to say personally; but, politically, he is undoubtedly being bepraised and kept in the field, by Mr. O'Sullivan and his friends, for the purpose of detaching our votes from the Liberal party, whom we have always supported. Do not, therefore, fellow-electors, be deceiver into wasting your votes on the Captain, who has not the' ghost of a chance himself, and who has always-as I have said-been a squatting supporter, but remain true. as nearly the whole of West Moreton has done, to your colours, and vote for Kellett. Yours truly, OLD FARMER. May 19, 1888. 