ISIS SCRUB. [from oor own correspondent. I July 23. Tiiekk is a plentiful scarcity of almost everything but smoke at present in the scrub For near a fortnight we have had such fires raging round us in all directions, whatever portion of the horizon one chanced to look at he waa sure to have the same spectacle pre sented to his gaze, the red glare of fire and of smoke ascending in volnmes. Cld busbmen tell me these fires bring rain, but however much I may believe in their lore this assertion rather staggers me, as we have had fires enough to bring it down in torrents, and lo ! not a drop came. Rain is indeed badly ing purposes, as the tanks have almost every where run dry, and some people have to go several miles for what at best ie bad water. Speaking about water, I hdvc beard that the Isis Protection Association is trying through our member to get a series of bores put down in the scrub, with a view to irrigation. I have no doubt that an unlimited supply can be thus obtained, as in the few instances where we have sunk for water it has been met with at very little depth. The Associa tion deserves credit for moving in the matter, and it is to be hoped that the member for the Burrura will strongly impress on the Govern ment the necessity of providing such an im portant 'district as the Isis is sure to be, with a good supply of water, both for irrigation and household purposes. At present we are heavily handicapped through want of water, and we Tail to see that we are not as well en titled to the use of a drill as any of the west ern squatting constituencies. In the opening paragraph of my letter I was speaking about fires, but the water question led me insensibly from my subject, as I was about to say a few words about our village settlement— Cordalba. I am sorry to have to state that the efforts of the majority of the settlers there have met with very little success, as they have had very bad fires ; in manv in stances the leaves having merely burned off. This at 'the outset, is very disheartening for them, as a bad fire means a great amount of hard work, and very little in return for it. I regret to have to announce that Mr. Bar rett has resigned his seat in the Divisional Board. Increasing business arrangements would not permit him to devote sufficient time to the intereets of his constituents, and seeing this he, at the l&st; meeting of the Board, handed) in his resignation. Ii some of the other members, who cannot find time to attend the meetings of the Board, would but act like wise they would greatly serve the interests of the ratepayers. Two candidates are, 1 believe, about to contest the vacant seat, Mr. R. Grant, one of the one hundred and five gentle men whose names bave been added to the Commission of the Peace, and Mr. J. E. Noakea of your town. The Maryborough gentleman will not bave the ghost of a show, if all I hear be true. The ratepayers ore get ting tired of what I may term outside repre sentation* and are determined for the future lUn4- Mnna K.it l/\nal mon nrlin ttl-P flnmininted with their wants and will strive to get them redressed, shall have their support. They cannot see the good of putting men in who, whilst they are groaning under heavy rates, stand up and say that there are no complaints from his division, as one of: tbe members of No. 3 did at last meeting of the Board. If the gentUman in question was in touch with those whom he is supposed to represent, he would have known that there are more complaints from the division in question than from any other part of the district, and with good reason too. Ik you cannot Ret Wolfe's Schnapps In one house it Is much better forjyou to go where you can get It. 