The Advertiser MONDAY, MAY 7,1888. The members of the Anglican Communion in South Australia are in a difficulty. They are unable to answer the first ques- <*> tion in their Church Catechism—" What is your oame ?" Their Synod is styled the Synod of the Church of England la the Diocese of Adelaide, incorporated. But it aeema that a synodaman _haa to declare himself a member of the United Church of England and Ireland. At least this is the inference from a question which, according to the Agenda Papers of the late ee?slon of the Synod, was to be put by a clergyman to the president. The matter is really a grave one. A church with aliases will never do. An anonymous chnrch is not much better. The late Lord Iddeelelgh, better known as Stafford Uorthcote, once delivered aa excellent lecture on "Nothing." But a church without a name, and la search of a name, would tax the humor of even Canon Green, or that friend of our youth, the author of "Japhet in search of a Father." Meanwhile the Anglican community are nnder consider able obligations to Dean Marryat for a bold attempt to close this yawning gulf in the forum of the Church. According to the dean the Established Chnrch of Eng land la a dog and the local Anglican Church Is its tail; at least It is the tail which the Mother Church wags. We are not sure whether this claim to be the only tail of the Established Church will be calmly acquiesced In by the other colonial oftshoota of the Church of England. Cerberus, who according to classic mythology guarded the portals of one of the future homes of the human race, had three heads ; and If one dog is entitled to to liberal allowance, there is do reason why another should not have concessions In the matter of tails. Bat we are warned by the highest authority to beware of dogs. And Dean Marryat is evidently minded that the caution should not be forgotten in hie communion. The simile or < analogy is at least a bold one. It has not at all events the fault, which the Oxford tractarians OBed to charge their Church with, of speaking with stammer- j Inglips in uncertain formularies. Whether, however, the Mother Church would feel nattered by being compared to an animal, bo often coupled in Oriental literature with another quadruped which parts the hoof, and is to the Eastern mind the type par excellence of all uncleanness, la not for us to aay. Bat to a newspaper, as to the Roman dramatist, nothing human Is alien, and we offer our condolences to those who may feel wounded by the Blmtte. For the rest there 1b much in the charge delivered on the opening of Synod with which to agree. With the spirit and j principles of the address we are tho- ' roughly In accord. Dean Marryat'a zoological analogy tempts us to Bin In a similar way, and refer to the proverb, " When the cat's away the mice will play." The ab sence of the bishop to attend the Pan-Anglican Conference, from which, by -the- way, we hope and expect some thing more pregnant than the Episcopal purring which was the sole outcome of the first of these gatherings, gave the dean an opportunity to discourse upon " Constitu tional Episcopacy." What came as a surprise upon the ecclesiastical world when the judicial committee of the Privy , Council gave its f amous.dedslon in Long v. the Bishop of Capetown, and seemed like I a revelation, was not a surprise to those who knew the law of the Constitution. The wonder was that the law advisers of the Crown could have been so culpably negligent and oblivious as toad vise thatthe Crown could issue letters patent appoint ing bishops where there was a local Par liament. The late Bishop of Adelaide knew better, and made no secret of it. The celebrated case of Campbell v. Hall, argued before Lord Chief Justice Mans field, In the Court of King's Bench, in 1774, settled the law of the Constitution. The Grown can only act by the Parliament of Great Britain or by the local Legislature. The dean', happily describes the decision in the case of Long v. the Bishop of Cape Town as the Magna Charta of the colonial clergy. The effect of it is this. The bishop of any Colonial Church is only such by election of those over whom he presides. The election may be direct, or the local Church may delegate the selection to the Archbishop of Canterbury and other bishops of the Mother Church. If it is desired that the bishop-elect be conse crated by the archbishop, that State officer must apply to the Crown for license by warrant under the sign manual and signet to consecrate a person to be a bishop, to the Intent that he should exercise his functions In one of the possessions of the Crown abroad. Without this license the archbishop could not con* aecrate, and the Royal mandate merely authorises the archbishop to consecrate the person to be a bishop, taking care to omit all mention of where he Is to exercise episcopal functions. It is the local Church that provides the sedes of the bishop. All then that a bishop so consecrated brings with him are the purely spiritual rights and pastoral functions inherent In the Episcopal order. As the bishop of a merely voluntary association he has just so much coercive authority and jurisdic tion, neither more nor leas, as bis church gives him. He has nothing that is nob expressly conferred by what answers to legislative enactments, Is contained in trust deeds, or obtained by oonsensn&l; compact. There are no conventions of the Constitution here, to borrow a well* known term from Constitutional law. What Episcopal functions are not purely spiritual are temporal, and what are temporal can only come from actual conveyance. Everyone, it la to be pre sumed, knows that the coercive jurisdic tion of bishops dates from the establish ment of Christianity as the religion of the Roman Empire. The jurisdiction of the English bishops over all consecrated places and ordained persons is, like all their other powers, In virtue of statute law. What the law has given the law can take away, and the law has in some particulars taken back no small portion. The jurisdiction of the Indian blsbops is complete, because they are the creatures of-an Act of Parliament. But even an Indian bishop is limited as to his jurisdiction and the exercise of his Episcopal functions by the terms of his letters patent Wh statute law- or letters patent, where, as in the case of Crown colonies, they can still be Issued, have done for the English Episcopate, must be done by each colonial Church for its bishop. If existing instruments do not supply the powers which ought to be granted to a colonial bishop to fulfil his office It Is obviously the duty of his Church to execute such instruments as will remedy this state of things. Daan Marryat very properly calls upon his fellow-churchmen to assume their proper responsibility. He points out to them that bishops chosen and consecrated in | England for colonial spheres do uotrealise their actual position, and are apt to draw very misleading ideas from the Established Church. The dean no doubt speaks from knowledge. But perhaps to most people, whether Anglicans or not, the most Interesting question raised In the dean's address la— "Do we form part of the Church of Eng land ?" " we" of course meaning the local Anglican Church. To this there can only be a negative answer. The invidious disabilities which attached to colonial clergy, i.e., clergy who have only what may be called colonial orders, not wholly removed by the Colonial Clergy Act of 1874, show that the Established Church at all events did not consider Its offshoots an integral part of itaelf. The debate in ' the House of Lords, where Lord Blach ford introduced the Bill, proved that Colonial Churches were regarded _aB some thing inferior to the Disestablished Church of Ireland and the Episcopal Church of Scotland. But our Anglican friends 1 may take heart of grace. They have a free independent Church, Independent of j all control by any other branch, and for which no other Church has any right to legislate. The Established Church, taking the initiative in convocation, may suggest changes in its own discipline, reform Its internal economy, alterations In vital parts of the Prayer-book and articles, and then get that legislative sanction by the Imperial Parliament without which all it does would rise no higher than an expres sion of opinion. It has done so before ; but, except In the utterly improbable case of Parliament extending sich law to the Angiimm Churches In the colonies, nothing of this would be binding, ipso facto, on the Anglican communion In South Australia. If the Church here la but a branch, lopped off from a stately tree, It at all events has powers of growth and ex pansion which the parent stem has nob In the earlier years of the century Lord Melbourne counselled the bishops to set their house in order. We note by the pro ceedings in the late Synod that a society founded to do a great work for its Church has got into Bach helpless confusion that nothing but an Act of Parliament) by its own confession, will set it right. Mem bers of the Anglican Church here have been, it la understood, going on with a constitution which, if not actually in embryo, is, to say the least, undeveloped. -It has been taken for granted, ex. or., that canon and ecclesias tical law is of force here. But just as in the Established Church of England nothing la of force which cannot plead statutory authority, so in South Australia nothing Is binding—no authority, poirer, or juris diction—which has not been specifically and validly accepted. The election of two members to repre sent the Central district in the Legislative Council resulted In somewhat of a sur prise. Of the six candidates who sought the suffrages of the electors four have had Parliamentary experience, and tiro are untried men. One of the former and one of the bitter were chosen. Dr. Magarey, who has been prominently connected for Borne years past with the movement for a change in the liquor laws in the interests of temperance, but who has not otherwise taken any notable part in public affairs, was placed at the head of the poll. The second position waa secured by Mr. G. W. Cotton, who was formerly a member of the Legislative Council, and who was defeated the last time he offered his services to the electors. Mr. W. C. Buik, one of the retiring members, was — greatly to the surprise of his many friends —placed fourth upon the list- The return of Dr. Magarey was no doubt to some extent due to the votes he obtained from the local option party. * His political views generally are, however, of a dis tinctly liberal cast, and it Is reasonable to Buppose that the support he obtained wasr in the main attributable to that fact. He is a gentleman of known probity and Intelligence, a South Aus tralian who has the interests of his country thoroughly at heart, and shonld make an excellent legislator. The re election of Mr. Cotton to the Council is the deserved reward of honest and useful service in the past He had a claim upon the gratitude of the electors, and it must be exceedingly satisfactory to himself to find that, although previously rejected by a district which did not know him so well, he hi now returned by the most Important constituency in the colony. Mr. Cotton has none of the attractive graces of oratory by which the free and independent elec tors are too often beguiled to their own Injury. The best speech made on his behalf was his record as a painstaking politician, who has proved his capability, and is likely to be of etill further use in tile Parliamentary arena. As tiie author of the successful plan of settling working men on small homestead blocks, he has done good work, which must have told considerably in his favor at the recent election. While it may be admitted that the result of tiie contest has-been to pat two men into the Council who will probably justify the confidence reposed in them, it is impossible not to feel some regret that Mr. Buik failed to secure his re-election. That gentleman has not, bo far as we are aware, done anything which warrants his exclusion from the sphere of political activity. On the other hand, he has been completely identified with the party of progressive and liberal legislation, and he had a fab right to expect that he would be able to resume his seat in a chamber of which he has been for so many yean a hard-working and useful, If not brilliant, member. There were no burning questions of public policy decided by the recent election. So far as regards the question of protection, both of the returned candidates are pledged to sup port the continuance of the <vrinting system. It may be taken for granted that this matter is practically settled, and a candidate who proposed to sub stitute for the present policy a tariff framed on free-trade lines would not, in popular parlance, have the "ghost of a show." Similarly, in respeot of the Chinese question, there is such unanimity In favor of a policy of restriction that although the subject is one respecting which intense interest is felt by the public it does not In any way rank as a party issue. The candidates rejected with Mr. Buik were Messrs. P. B. Coglin, W. Storrie, and J. Z. Sellar. Mr. Coglin has had a long experience as a member of the Lower House, and Mr. Storrie was formerly in the Council. Mr. Sellar has time after time made bids for legislative honors, but has never succeeded in in ducing the electors to give him the posi tion he covets as a Parliamentary repre sentative. He must be beginning to lose faith in the accuracy of the copybook motto that patience and perseverance will have their reward. His chances were, however, greatly discounted by his advocacy of the peculiar views of tiie Land Nationalist party. When prepared to submit a more acceptable programme he may yet have his ambition satisfied, and take his place as one of the chosen of the people. When it became known in Port Adelaide on Sunday morning that some Chinese passen gers were on board thesteamer &fenmuir;, which arrived from Hongkong by the western route daring the morning, a email crowd assembled to watch the progress of events. The Secre tary of Customs (Mr. Arthur Searcy) went on board in the morning, and after the usual Customs business had been transacted the Chinese passengers were ordered on deck and formed themselves two deep in a line along the steamer's side. When counted they totalled 66 exclusive of one stowaway on board. The sad and ludicrous appearance of the Chinamen provoked a hearty laugh from the spectators. After the inspection had ter minated the Chinese were dismissed, and they ecampered off to their bunks. The following statistics were supplied by the captain of the Menmuir to our representative, shoving the colonies or ports the Chinese were bound for and how many there are for each port:—Victoria, five to pay poll tax and 10 exempt. There is also one boy for this colony, but is not old enough to have to conform to the regulations regarding Chinese arriving in the colonies. Sydney, 12 to pay pull tax and 15 exempt; Brisbane, one to pay poll tax and three exen.pt; Rockhampton, four to pay poll tax arid two exempt; Xovnaville, two to pay poll tax. From this it will be seen that none of the passengers were bound for A*pliw(lf\ and several of thtm have naturalisation papers for the other colonies. It is thought that their idea was to land in South Australia, if allowed to do bo, rather than proceed to Melbourne and Sydney and have to go through the unpleasant ordeal of endeavoring to getashorejustnow. The feeling in the Pott is very strong in the matter, and no doubt steps will be taken to prevent our Chinese population being increased in the manner suggested. Mr. Searcy communicated with the Government on Sunday, and if they agree to allow the Celestials to land, providing they pay the poll tax, the captain of the Menmuir will donbtiess be glad to be rid of such passengers. It is very much open to question, however, whether the Government will consent to this course. On enquiry on Sunday rxght we learnt that the Attorney- General had received no information respecting the matter. A decision will doubtless be arrived at to-day. The first "At home" of the season was held at Government House on Saturday afternoon, when there was a large attendance of ladies and gentlemen. The recent rain has had the effect of freshening up the foliage surroundutg the vice-regal residence, and ac the afternoon was particularly fine and sunny tha picturesque grounds looked their best. S.me very choice costumes were noticeable, and a couple of hours passed very pleasantly, the proceedings being enlivened by the police band, who were is attendance, and discoursed some lively mnsioi Eleven years ago an effort m made to eecnxe a onion of the Bible Christian and Methodist New Connexion churches in this colony, and the joint committee appointed by tbetn agreed upon terms of amalgamation; but insurmountable difficulties prevented tne eonrammation of tile desired object. Four yearslater the negotiations were retired, bat without any practical remit. Toe recent attempt to unite the minor Methodiee bodies in the colony brought these two churches more closely together and prepared for the affiliation of the Methodist New Con nexion Church with the Bible Christian denomination. There is good season to believe the onion will be mutually bene ficial. Each church supplies in a striking way the requirements of the other. Tee Bible Christians nave many good interests in tns country, but lack a first-class position in the city. The Methodist New Ooa nexion has a splendid position in the city, but no hold upon the country. The doctrines and polity of the two churches favor union, and this has been agreed to on both tides unanimously and cordially. Tae union is also in harmony with the Methodist New Connexion Missionary Society, which advised the congregation in Franklin street to unite with some other Methodist Church of kindred sympathies or that offered a ephere of usefulness and comfort. Hence forth the two congregations in Adelaide will worship in the Franklin street Church. The celebration of the union began on Sunday. At 10 o'clock there was a prayer meeting, led by the Rev. E. Gratton. the Bey. W. F. James conducted service at 11 o'clock. His text was, HaggaiiL 4—"Be strong .... and work, for I am with you saith the Lord of Ho?ts," and the sermon suitably followed the farewell sermons" in Young-street Church on the previous Sunday, when "Tae call of Abraham," "The superior glory of the .second temple** and " The Holy Spirit's relation to the Church," were the subjects treated on. A young people's service was held at 3 p.m., when Mr. J. A, Bagshair, J.P., presided, and interesting addresses were given by the fievs. J. Watson and J. Thome on *' Early piety" and " Redeeming the tune." In tile evening the Rev. E. Gratton preached from Psalm xcvi, 6—"Strength ana beauty are in His sanctuary." The congregation in each case was large, that in the evening well filling the spacious church, Excellent singing prevailed at the services, led by the united choir, and the collection wasa good one. The Lord's Supper was dispensed after the evening service by the Revs. £. Gratton anil W. F. James, a huge number being present. The city coroner has made enquiries into the cause of death of a little girl named Helena Christina Thorup. aged eight years, which occurred at Athelstone on Saturday morning. No doctor had been in attendance, but the coroner finding that the cause of death was bronchitis considered an inquest unnecessary. On Friday afternoon a sad accident, attended by fatal conseqaenoes, happened at the Grote-etreet Model School. Ernest Walter Cock, 8 years of age, was exercising him?elf on one of the gymnastic bars when be acci dentally, it is presumed, fell and injured his bead. Drs. Magarey and Robinson attended the child, but despite their efforts be suc cumbed to the injuries on Saturday night. The city coroner will make flmyririffn into the matter. The want of a railing to enclose the rail way lines and protect the traffic over the Jervois bridge was plainly demonstrated on Sunday afternoon^ A lady and gentleman were driving in a trap in the direction of the Semaphore, qmri when almost over the bridge *h* fcr%fa which was travelling towards the Fort dashed round the curve and frightened the horse, which tHffifc^Hl the vehicle over **"" footpath and commenced ptanring about. With com mendable promptitude the driver of the train pulled up, thus allaying the fears of the none and averting a serious accidents An appeal is now being made to the public on behalf of Mr. Geo. E. Juoyau, author of "The fiepresentativQ Men of South Aus tralia," *' Notable South Australian!/' and - otker works. Abont three months ago ne had a euceesuon of fainting fits, in one of which his collarbone was broken and other injuries were sustained. His mwdical adviser con siders bis illness canned by overwork of the brain and mental worry, and advises a total cessation from all literary worK and an entire change as the only means of restoring bis health. Some of Mr. Ijoyau's well-wishers an endeavouring to raise sufficient funds to enable bim to take a asa voyage, and his Excellency the Governor and other gentlemen hare con tributed to this object. AU subscriptions re ceived will be acknowledged. On Sunday afternoon, just before 2 o'clock, the quietude ot Gibaun-etreet, Bowden, was disturbed by the voice of a woman drying "Murder." Two gentlemen who were p?.??iiig, on looking through the window of a room of the house whence the sounds came, caw a nun menacing his wife with a Martini-Henry rifle which subsequently proved to be loaded with a ball cartridge. The visitors lifted the window and one of them told the husband to drop the rifle, whereupon the latter said "Is it you, yon ——," and putting tiie Tnn*An of the rifle through the open window pointed it at the speaker, whodrewbackundercoverofthewaUof tbebouse. The person on the opposite side of the window seised the rifle, and the two outsiders after an effort succeeded in obtaining posses sion of it. The wife escaped unhurt. The husband was said to have been under the in fluence of drink. A large crowd of people soon collected. Bishop Barry, the Primate of Australia, who is en route for T^b 1""*, whither he is going to attend the approaching Pan-Anglican Conference, arrived from Sydney by the B.M S. Oceana on Sunday morning, and accepted the invitation of bis Excellency the Governor to Btay at Government House until the departure of the steamer to-day. In the morning tie bishop preached at tine Cathedral, and took for his text St. Paul's Epistle to lite Coloesians, eh. iL, v. s—"Though I be absent in the flesh, yet I am with you in tile spirit," After explaining that these words expressed the spiritual element in man, and dwelling npon their Tn—niwg, he remarked that though the colonial bishops would be absent to take part in the great Conference near the old historic associations of I*ambeth, or would be worshipping in the glorious old Abbey or the vast ljondon Cathedral, yet they would be pretest in the spirit with their people in Aus tralia, as they would also be present in the spirit with their absent bishops. Bishop Bawy also preached in the evening at Christ Church, North Adelaide, before a large congregation. An ingenious swindle in defrauding the undertakers is thus described in the Mel bourne Argus of May 3:—"On Tuesday morning a youDg man of gentlemanly ap pearance called at an undertaker's establish ment in the city and ordered a coffin, for which he gave very exact measurements, and also full particulars for the inscription on tiie lid. The coffin was, he stated, for his brother, who had just died on a farm a short distance from Xolyd&le.; It was to be sent to the Prinoe's ? bridge station on the follow ing morning, and bom thence forwarded by train to Lilydale. The young man presented tile appearance of one who was endeavoring to support a painful bereavement with becoming fortitude. He represented that he was an employe' of the Railway Department, and was bearing the expanse of his brother's burial, and make that circumstance bis excuse t oi asking for a aught abatement on tile prioe demanded. The sympathy excited by tile young man's sorrow being deeper than the usual professional sentiment, a re daction in the charge was cheerfully made. The young man tendered a cheque in payment which exceeded by several pounds the price of the coffin, and the balance was given to bim in cash. The coffin was duly made and handsomely trimmed, and the under taker went to the railway station with it him self in order that no mistake should be made. IV ben he arrived there he found three other undertakers, each with a coffin to be dispatched to Lilydale by the train. The porter in charge expressed some surprise at the apparent evi dences of an astonishing rate of mortality in what is regarded as a most salubrious loeauty. and mentioned that he had already dispatched a coffin to Idlydale by the early train. Ex planations followed, and tiie undertaken discovered that they were tiie victims of a swindler, that they had all received tne same particular uutrncti^ns as to the size of the coffin, and that the same name was inscribed on each plate. Three of the undertaken cany on business in Fitzroy. and the two others in the city. A cheque bad been ten dered in payment in each ease, but in two cases the undertakers had not sufficient money in hand to cash it, and they hai agreed to get the money on delivery at the station. In the otber cases tiie sorxow- Etricken young man had been more successful, and had obtained a considerable sum. The coffins were taken away again. The police ?re on the lookout for the culprit." The following pass ngers have been booked for London by the BUS. Ooaana. whi* sails to-day: — Messrs. liugg, Hamilton, Buglet, BrUtow, Nicholas, and Spencer, Mrs. Waite and the Misses Waite (8). Sells. Mar ryat, and Rowland, and Master Waite, The frosty weather experienced had tha effect of considerably augmenting tiie number of Tinkers on Saturday, some 1,800 persona visiting the Columbia Rink, fully 1,600 of whom essayed to glide over tiie slippery floor with varied success. The season of Me. Harry Rickards'e Variety Company was brought to a close at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, when Mr. Rickards took a benefit. There was not a large attendance. On Saturday evening a dramatic season will be inaugurated. Mf. George Darrell, after an absenoe of three, years from South Anatolia, will appearwith bi? own company in his own drama, uut Sunny South." The company will include Mies Christine DarrelL Mia Alioe Dewwya, Mv? Jennie Bryoe, Messrs. J. Patterson (stage manager), Oily Deering, F. Appleton, aod R, Vernon. The piece will be well oast, and all the original scenery will be brought from Mel bourne. Banvard'e Circus was well patronised on Saturday evening. To-night Mr. Banv?rd will fjatea benefit, and as this will be the last per focP^nce there will doubtless be a good atten dance. Several novelties are announced. A large number of members of the military forces and the band will ba present. Mr. Hayes will appear in an act entitled " Shaw, the Lifeguudeman," and altogether an in teresting programme has been arranged. Hudson's Surprise Party had a Coll house at Garner's Booms on Saturday evening, when a new programme was presented. All the items were well rendered, and the finale to the first part—" Fun at the skating rink," caused most sproarious merriment. Several new features were introduced, and the performance con cluded with the farce, " Oar lodging bouse,' which evoked much laughter. On Friday the perloimanee will be for the benefit of the Ade laide Hospital, and his Excellency the Governor has signified his intention of being present. We are glad to see that lovers of high class nraeic are patronising its production. The Adelaide Musical Association have so many cnbscriben that they have resolved to adopt the evstem in vogue in the large music centres in England, i.e., of balloting for the choice of seats for the entire season. This will certainly be much more comfortable and moie con venient for their patrons, as they will then have the same seats through the season, which ?jrQl save much of the crashing and incon venience hitherto experienced. As notified in our advertising columns the ballot will take place to-morrow at Messrs. S. M?r?h?n and Son's Music Warehouse. The Orziba will arrive tomorrow, aod Miss Xiydia Ton Fiakelsteiii, who is a passenger, ??ill give her first lecture in the Town Hall on Friday evening. The oourse will consist of five lectures, the one chosen for the opening being "Homes and Haunts of Jesus," and the remaining four will be given on alternate evenings. The lecturer will be dressed in Oriental costume, and in scenes that will in clude more than one character she will be satiated by ladies and gentlemen similarly attired. The platform will be fitted up to xepresent some domestic, rural or nomadio scene; and Miss yon Finkelstein'a talent for bringing before her audiences dramatic repre sentations of every-day life in the East is so remarkable that the Pali Mail Oazette says that many enterprising managers hare made her tempting offers to go upon the secular plat- SUfili. A meeting of the S. A. Coasters' Union will be held |hi? evening at the Port Adelaide Exchange Hotel. The annual meeting of tba B.A. Poultry and Do? Society will he held at the Bir John Barleycorn Hotel this evening. Protestor Victor, the mesmerist; will give a per formance In the Town Han, Port Adelaide, this evening, and can be consulted by enquirers during the aftcni#on free of cost* At a meeting of the Australian National Union this evening the Hon. J. 0. F. Johnson (Minister of Sdacation) wfll speak on tbe subject of "Australia's ?attitude towards CUaese immigration." 