MYSTERIOUS INCIDENT IN THE LIFE OP BABON SWEDENBOEG-. ' [Leisure Hour.) EMANUEL Swedknboko was not the illiterate fanatic which many suppose him to have been, hut man of solid learning and responsi ble position in his native land. He had also travelled about and resided in many parts of the old world and the new, and was well known and appreciated by distinguished men, who were his comtemporariea, in various countries. It was in his tatter years that he almost wholly devoted himself to theological studies, and arrived at those in terpretations of Holy Scripture which are still held by his followers, called Sweden* borgiaus, and who call themselves ( members of the New Jerusalem Church.1 Of the peculiar tenets of this denomination we have no purpose to speak, but the reader will find most intelligible account of them in a volume entitled 'Noble's Appeal* by the late Rev. Samuel Noble, who for many years was minister of the New Jerusalem Church, in Hatton Garden, London The only point to mention, because connected with the story which we are about to narrate, is the claim of Swedenborg to supernatural enlightenment, obtained sometimes by direct Divine revelation, and popularly believed to bo more frequently the result of communica tion with the spirits of the departed. In fact, in reading some of his alleged 4 revelations,' we Seem in the very atmosphere of 'second sight/ as understood in the Scottish High lands, or of 'spiritualistic' communication of our own day. Mr. Gurney (of whoso death we bear with regret, while we are writing) and his colleagues of the Psychological Society have published maoy things quite as marvellous as any of the visions and revela* lions of Emanuel Swedenborg. But we must comc to the fact of the Charlottenburg story. The Ambassador from Holland to Sweden the Count do Mateville, died suddenly at Stockholm, where his widow remained till their affairs were settled. Amongst the claims set in, was a bill for drapery and other household articles. The Countess clearly remembered that this bill had been paid duriug her husband's lifetime, but she could not find the receipt. There are dis honest shopkeepers and tradesmen in all couutries who try this mode of exaction, and it ia successful where receipts have been de stroyed. Sorno friend of the widow advised her to consult Swedenborg, who already had the reputatiou of conversing with the de parted. After a few days she was informed by Swedenborg that the lato Count had taken the tradesman's receipt for the money, on such a day, in such an hour, while he was reading an article in 1 Bayle'a Dictionary/ in his library. His attention was called immediately to Bome other business, and he put the receipt into the book to mark the place at which he had been reading. The receipt was found by the Countess in . Bayle's Dictionary/ as she was told. This wonderful affair was much talked about, and came to the ears of the Queen, who was little disposed to believe in anything super* natural, but who, nevertheless, resolved to put Swedenborg's power to the proof. One evening wheu lie was a guest at the palace, the Queen took him aside, and, after referring to the faculty said to be possessed by him, begged him to inform himself from her de ceased brother, the Prince of Prussia, what he said to her at the moment of her taking leave of him for her journey to Stockholm. She added, that it was of such a nature that it was impossible the Crown Prince could have repeated the words to anyone, nor had it ever escaped her own lips. Swedenborg came again to the palace after a few days. The Queen was seated at cards, when Swedenborg requested a private audience. She said that he might communicate what he had to say before the company, but Swedenborg assured Her Majesty that he could not disclose his errand in the presence of witnesses. On hearing this the Qneea was visibly agitated, and giving her cards to one of her ladies, she requested M. de Sehwerin, one of the Court attendants, to accompany her to another apartment. There she posted M de Sch* werin at the door, to prevent intrusion, and with Swedenborg she went to the furthest oxtremity of the apartment. Here, out of hearing of any listener, he said, 4 Madam, you took your leave of the Prince Royal of Prussia, your august brother, at Charlottenburg, on such a day and at such an hour of the afternoon. You were after* wards passing through tho long gallery in the Castle of Charlottenburg, when you met him again. He took you by the hand, and led you to a window, where you could not be overheard, and then said these words -' The Queen did uot repeat what was said, although tolliug the foregoing circumstantial details to more than one of her friends ; and the strange story wa3 still current when M. Thiebauet published his Ancedotes. The Queen herself laid stress on the truth of the recital, but professed incredulity as to any conference with her dead brother haviug taken place. The same scepticism appears ut the close of tho Baron de Grimm's version of the story. He was a materialist, and could not believe, on auy evidence, the existence of man after the dis solution of the body. It ought to be mentioned that there are other versions of the story, one of which affirms that what Sweden borg repeated to the Queen were the contents of a letter received from her brother, and not words spoken ; and it was noticeable that Mr, | Thiebault did not profess to know what was communicated. There arc many other anccdotes about revelations received by Swedenborg, and there is no doubt that he himself thoroughly believed that he conversed with spirits-as people profess to see or hear ghosts in our own days. But in either case it is noticeable that the Visions arc real only to thc» 1 visionaryand the voices are heard only by those who describe them. The phenomena are not objective, but subjective. Thty are in ' the mind's oyo 9 only, although very real to those who believe in them, as Swedenborg evidently did, and others of abnormal or disordered mind, whose ravings are charitably set down to partial insanity. The possibility of some communications from the world of spirits is not here discussed, but it is right to consider any reasonable explana* tioa before admitting tho supernatural, In these eases reported ot Swcdcnborg, if there were time for inquiry and search, there appears to bo nothing miraculous in the (lis* covery of the missing receipt in the library where the Count WHS in the habit of receiving his letters and transacting his business. As to the communication from the Queen's deceased brother, the statements are not com. pletc or consistent. Oue narrative speaks of words without telling what they were, and other versious may bo only repetitions and variations of M. Thiebault'a anecdote. If the farewell words were 'written,' as one version says, the perfection of espionage in those times may have allowed even a Royal letter to be read by official experts. The police dis coveries in French history in that age might give rise to equally marvellous stories. Before we can admit the supernatural, whet her in these historical narrative# or in the psycho logical reports of our own day, we must be sure that we possess the whole of the facts of each case, not told at second-hand, bul with accurate details, and the personal depositions of trustworthy witnesses taken at the time and duly recorded. Suoh dotails are usually lacking in these mysterious stories. 