MYSTERIOUS INCIDENTITHE LIFE OF BARON SWEDENBORG. EMANUEL SWEDENBORG .was not the illiterate fanatic which many suppose him to have been, but a man 'of solid learning and responsible, position in his native land. He had also travelled and resided, in many parts of. the old world- and- - the- new,- and was- well known. and. appreciated by disting uished' inen, whobwve?e his contentd poraries, in various countries. It was in his- lattei; years thiat he almibst wholly dev6ted 'hiiiiielf to theologicl' studies, and arrived at those, interpre tations of Holy Scripture which are still held by his followers, called Sweden borgians, and who call themselves "members of the New Jerusalem Church." Of the peculiar tenets of this denonination we have no purpose to speak, but the reader will find the most intelligible account of them in a volume entitled "Noble's Appeal," by the late Rev. Samuel Noble, who for many years was. minister - of the :New. Jerusalem Church in -Iattoi' Garden, London. The only point to' mention, ,because connected with the story which we are about to narrate, -is the claim of Swedenborg to supernaturaiil e; - dlightenment, obtained sometimes -by direct Divine revelationi, and popularly believed to 'be more frequently the result of communication with the spirits of the departed. . In fact, in' reading some of.-his alleged " revelations," we seem in the very atmosphere of ' second sight," as understood in the Scottish Highlands, or of the "spiritualistic " communication of our own day. Mr. Gurney. (of whose death we-hear with. rcgret, while we' are writing) 'and: his colleagues of the Phsychological Society have published many things quite as marvellous as any of the visions and facts of the Charlottenburg story. The Anibassador from Holland 'to' Sweden, the Count de Merteville, died suddenly at Stdckholm, where his -\idow re mained till their affairs were settled. Amongst the claims sent in, was a bill for draperyand other householdarticles. The Countess clearly remembered that this bill had been paid during her husband's lifetime, but she could not find the receipt. There are dishonest shopkeepers and tradesmen in all countries who try this mode of exaction, and it is successful where receipts have been- destroyed. Some friend of the widow advised her to consult Sweden borg, who already had the reputation of conversing with the "departed. After a few days she was informed by Swedenborg that the late Count had taken the tradesmen's receipt for the money, on such a day, in such an hour, while he was reading an article in Bayle's Dictionary, in his library. Bis attention was called immediately to some other business, and he put the receipt into the book to mark the place at which he had been reading. The receipt was found by the Countess in Bayle's Dictionary, as she was told. This.wonderful aflhir was much talked about, and came to the ears of the Queen, who was little disposed to be lieve in anything supernatural, but who nevertheless resolved to put Sweden borg's power to proof. One evening when he was a guest at the palace, the Queen took him aside, and after refer ring to the faculty said to be possessed by himn, begged him to inform- himself from her deceased brother, the Prince Royal of Prussia, what hlie said to her at the moment of her taking leave of him for her journey to Stockholm. She added, that it was of such a nature that it was impossible the Crown Prince could have repeated the words to anyone, nor had it ever escaped her own lips. Swedenborg came again to the palace after a few days. The Queen was seated at cards, when Swedenborg requested a private audience. She said that he might communicate what he had to say before the company, but Swedenborg assured her Majesty that' he could not disclose his errand in the presence of witnesses. On hearing this the Queen was visibly agitated, and giving her cards to one of her ladies, she requested M. de Schwerin, one of the Court attendants, to accompany her to another:apartment. - There she posted M. de Schwerin at the door, to prevent intrusion, and with Sweden borg she went to the furthest extremity of the apartment. ' -I-lere,: out of hear ing of any listener, hlie said. " Madanm, you took your last leave of the Prince Royal of Pirussia, your august brother, at C(harlottenburg, on- such a day and at such an hour of the afternoon. You wvere passing throught the long gallery in the Castle of Charlottenburg when you met him again. He took you by the hand, and led you to a window, where you could not be overheard, and then said these words-" The Queen did not repeat what was said, although telling the foregoing circumstantial details to more than one of her friends; and the strange'stdry wasl still current when IM. Thiebault published his Anec dote. • The Queen herself laid stress on the truth of the recital, but professed incredulity as' to any conference with her dead brother havinig taken place. The same scepticism appears at the close of the Baron de Grinim's versoh of the story. He was ai matei'ialist, and could not believe, on any evidence, the existence of man after the disolu tion of tihe, bodyi. It ought to -bB mnentionied that there are otheir versions of thie story; one 'of which affirlis that what Swedenborg repeated to -the Queen were the contents of a letter re ceived from her brother, and not words spoken; and it is noticeable that M. Thichault does not profess to know what was communicated. There are many other anecdotes aboutrevelations received by Swedenborg, and.there is no doubt that he himself thorbughly believed that he conversed with spirits -as people profess to see or hear ghosts in our own days. But in either case it is noticeable that the visions are real only to the "visionary'," :and the voices are heard only by those who describe them. The phenomena are not objective, but subjective. Theyare in" the mind's eye" only, although very real to those who believe in them, as Swedenborg evidently did, and- bthers of: abiiormal or disordered mind, whose ravings are charitably set down to partial insanity. The possibility of some communications from the world of spirits is nob here discussed, iiut, it is right'to' consider any reasonable explanarihi n '-eford ad mitting, th- supernatural. -:. Tih 'these cases reported of Swedeuborg if there ,were time for inquiry and sear :h, there appears to be nothing miraculous in the discovery of the missinig receipt in the library where the Count was in the habit of receiving his letters and tran sacting his business. As to the com munication from 'the Queen's deceased brother, the statements are not comn plete or consistent.. One narrative speaks of words without telling what they were and other versions may be only repetitions and variations of M. Thiebault's anecdote. If the farewell words were written, as one version says, the perfection of' espionage in those times may have allowed even a Royal letter to be read by otticial ex perts. The.police discoveries in French history in that age might give rise to equally marvellous stories. , Before we can admit the superniatural, whliether in these historical narratives or. in the phsyological' reports of our own 'day, we must be sure that we possess the whole of the, facts of each case, not told at secondhand, but with accurate details, and the personal dispositions of trustworthy witnesses taken at the time and duly recorded. Such details are usually lacking in these mysterious stories.-Leisure [omur. 