Ha&ies;' Column. / Spoken in Ang&r.; 'Twas but a little word in anger spoken. While prond eyes flashed through bitter, burning tears : But oh, I felt that fatal word had broken The cord of love that bound our hearts for years. ' . Thy tortured face, that long, wild look of sorrow, Like some pale ghost, must haunt me while I live; And yet, "how bright, how full of joy the mor row, Had I but breathed one simple word " Forgive I" ' ? I did not hear the tender voice appealing, * Nor marked thy anguish when I cried, " De-part I" Too blind to see thy. pitying glance, reveal ing. ' The generous promptings of thy tfoble heart. How could I know that, faithful heart was yearniug, . Though crushed and wounded to its inmost core, _ To take me back, like a weary bird return ing In fear and trembling, when the storm is o'er. '?. ?' . "Remember, love, that it may be forever; '? To see my face no more by night or day. Be calm, rash heart, think well before we ? sever, . ? ; . Recall the angry word and bid me stay." Dead silence fell ; the song-birds hushed their ; singing. , . . " " Enough/' I proudly cricd; "I choose my fate." While even tfitough my maddened brain kept ringing The death-knell of my love-too late, too late 1 . . " Forgive, forgive I " I wailed, the wild tears streaming, As, 'mid the moaning trees, I stood alone ; "Love, let thy kisses wake me from my dreaming." Thy pleading voice, thy tortured face, was gone. - That angry word, I may recall it never; For o'er thy narrow grave rank weeds have grown. ? ' " Remember, love, that it may be forever." Ah, words prophetic 1 love, had I . but known 1 v My locks are gray, my eyes are dim with jr weeping, . . The face once loved by thee, no longer ' fair! Beneath the daisies thou art calmly sleep ing; There a lone woman often' kneels in prayer. * , ? ? ' > /. . - Ah, sweetheart"mine, thou art so lowly \- tying, . Thou canst not hear the tearful voice above, . ' ? ? That with the night wind evermore is" sigh ing, . . k - "I spoke in anger-; oh, forgive me, love! " ?Fanny Forrester. 