The Death of Blucher. After the events through which the map of Europe was completely altered in 1815 the Prussian Field-Marsbal Blucher, the saviour of Wellington at Waterloo, and whom nobody liked beoause of his rudeness and brutality, was put on the retired list. Disheartened by his removal, and reduced to inaction and obscurity, he left Berlin and went to reside in his castle, situated in Pomerania. Soon he fell into a deep melancholy, rendered more intense by dropsy and inflammation of the cheat. A strange change in his character took place. That rough soldier became timid, even poltroon. He would not remain alone in the darkness; soli tude throw him into singular anguish. His state of health was reported to the King, who esteemed and loved Kirn a great deal. The monarch having heard that at several times the Marshal had expressed the wish of seeing him onoe more before he died, resolved to visit him. Leaving Berlin in the morning, the King of Prussia arrived in Krieblowitz early in the evening. Immediately ho was conducted to Bluohor's room. The sick man, aged 74 years, was reclining on a sofa placed before a large chimney, in which enormous logs of wood wore burning. Their flames illuminated the room and oast mobile and red reflections on the features of the old man wrapped up in bear skin. At the entrance of his sovereign in his apartment, Bluoher tried to rise out of respect for his august visitor, who prevented him from doing so. The King took a chair and sat by the side of the Marshal. Blueher at onoe said he wished to be left alone with his master. When every one had left tiie room he said: " Sire, I have humbly requested your Majesty to come here, in this castle of Krieb lowitz; ratherthannotsee you Iwouldhavegone to Berlin myself, althoughlamdying. I have a raoret to confide to your Majesty, a terrible one. Will my King allow me to speak ?" " Certainly, my dear Marshal." " Before listening to my narrative, sire, look at me well. Assure yourself that lam in the full possomion of my senses, and that I am not a lunatic. Sometimes I believe I am on the verge of insanity; and I doubt if lam not taking yesterday's visions for a remembrance of days gone by. But no!" added he, drawing a gold bracelet from his pocket, " no, all is true, all is real, and I am sure of what I am saying. " Listen to me, your Majesty. " When,inl766,theSeven Years' War began, my father, who inhabited his castle of Gross Renzow, sent me to the manor of our relatives, situated in Rugen Island. After a while the Russian Government offered me the grade of cornet in the Blaok Hussars Regiment. I aooepted of a furlough to afford me the oppor tunity of paying a visit to my family, that I had not seen for months. A leave of absence was granted to me. " On my way to Gross Renzow I found all that part of Mecklenburg horribly devastated. Arriving abont four miles from home, I became aware that my carriage could not ascend the new steepy road conducting to the house of my ancestors. I abandoned it, and pursued my journey on horseback, followod by one of my servants. " It was fifty-nine years ago this Terr day, tho 12th August, and at the hour indicated now by this antique clock—half-past 11. A dreadful tempest shook the trees, the flashes of lightning blinded me, and the reports of thunder deaf oned mo; the rain was pouring. After galloping quite a while in the forest I arrived before the castle alone; my servant had lost his way through the inclemency of the weather. " Without dismounting ' I knocked at the door with my whip. Nobody answered my call, that I repeated three times without being answered. Out of patience, I alighted from my horse, ascended the stoop and entered the castle. No light, no noise anywhere. I avow that my heart went to my throat, and a chill crept through my body. "Whatfoolishness! thought I; the castle is deserted; my family has gone to the city. No matter, ail am here, I must arrange myself as well as possible. "And I crossed a hall and went to my father's room. A fire half extinguished was smoking in the chimney; by its faint light I saw my father, my mother, and my four sisters, seated around the fireplace; they rose when they perceived me. I ran to kiss my fathor; he stopped me with a gesture; I ex tended my arms to my mother; she fell back with a sad motion of the head. I called my Bisters, each separately; they took each other by the hand without answering me. Then the whole of them returned to their seats. "'Do not you know me any more?* ex olaimed I. 'Is it like this a family onght to receive a son and a brother ? Have yon already heaid of my entrance in the Russian service ? loouldnotrefuse. Remember that the first thing I do is to come and inform you of my action. What! my father, you do not speakP My mother, you keep silent ? Have you forgotten, my sisters, our mutual tenderness and the plays of our childhood—those plays that this plaoe has witnessed so often ?' " At those last words my slaters, appeared to be moved. They spoke low, rose and signalled me to approach. One of them knelt before my mother as if she wanted to play a gamo in which the players strike each other. Surprised with this strange fancy in a moment so solemn, I touched the hand of my taster with the ond of my whip. A mysterious force attraoted me. ♦'When ray timo came to kneel before my mother and to put my head on her Up—oh, horror! I felt a form angular and cold under her silk dress. I heard a sharp noise like tho rattling of bones, and then a hand met mine; that hand rested in it. It was a skeleton's hand. I uttered a cry of terror. They were human remains that I shook convulsively. " Out of myself, and with a disturbed mind, I ran away from this awful castle; in the yard I found my horse, I mounted and departed at a furious pace. At the break of the day my steed fell dead, and my servant found me senseless, lying under the animal. I was at the point of death for over three weeks. When I reoovered my health I learned that my family had perished, victims of this piti less Seven Years' War, and that our manor had been pillaged and ransacked many times. " I returned to Qross Renzow. I wanted to pay the hut duties to my family and to give a decent burial to those I loved so dearly. Not withstanding the most minute researches I was unable to find their sacred remains. Alone, a hand, a woman's hand holding a gold bracelet, was picked up on the floor in my father's room, the same room where the fatal vision ap peared to mo. I took that bracelet, this very ono, and the hand was buried in the chapel of the castle. << Many yean passed. Two months ago I was asleep on thia Bofa when I was awakened by a slight noise. I opened my eyes, and saw distinctly my father, my mother, and my four Bisters standing bef or me; my sisters took each other by the hand, and motioned me to join them. ♦"No, no! never!' oried I. *♦ Then the ghosts, clasping their hands, be gan to turn slowly around me. "'Justice,' said my father passing before me. ♦' ♦ Penance,' murmured my mother, inclining her sad face towards me. " ' Prayer,' said the younger sister. 44 ♦ Sword,' sighed another. " ♦ Twelfth of August,' said the third. " And the last one repeated: "' Twelfth of August at midnight.' "And again they turned around me, utter ing the same words, then they vanished, re peating: ♦♦' Good-bye! Good-bye! The twelfth of August at midnight!' " I comprehended that my life was to be ac complished soon, and nothing more was to be done by me but recommend my soul to God and my family to your Majesty." " Mydear Marshal,'* repliedtheKing," what you have related to me is certainly very extra ordinary. Perhaps fever and delirium have something to do with those visions. Courage; take courage; fight against those hallucinations and have good hope. You shall regain your health, and you will live many long years. Do you not believe meP Yes, is it not P Give mo your hand." And as Bluoher did not answer, the King of Prussia seized his hand. It was already cold and rigid! Midnight struok by the antique clock in the parlour. Field-Marshal Blueher, the saviour of Wel lington at Waterloo, was dead.—Translated from the French. 