! THE ANGLICAN CHURCH IN TASMANIA. i SIR-Will you kindly allow me, by means of your widely circulated journal, to make a few remarks upon the present important situation and outlook of affairs in connection with the Anglican Church in this island. The ri¡/v«<-» is so" Ttitnout a synod, and will in a few days be without a bishop, and in consequence many who have a deep interest in the welfare of their church ' are looking forward with no little anxiety as to what may be the proclivities, etc., of the coming regime, both with reference to Bishop and Synod. The ' dissolution of the late Synod can hardly be looked upon as a misfortune, inasmuch as the majority of its lay members could not be said to represent their constituents. This is shown by the disapproving voices of so many parishes on a grave question (of which it is hoped we have heard the lost). It is of the utmost importance that the parishes now being called to elect their lay representatives return men who will pledge themselves to maintain the sound teaching, principles, and practices of the Church of England, as I set forth in the Holy Scriptures and the Book of Common Prayer. Now is the time for action ; now is the time to place yourselves in a position to resist innovations. "To your tents, O, Israel !" . ' \- Bishop Sandford's leaving must be looked upon as a misfortune ; his warm interest in the Bible Society and ready co-operation with good institutions, irrespective of sect. or party ; his delicate respect for the honest opinions of his clergy and people, and his kindly nature and genial manner, will no easily be forgotten or readily obtained in another. It is, however, a relief to know that he will have a voice in the selection of his successor for knowing as he does that the feelings of the great body of the laity in this diocese are strongly opposed to Ritualism that while loyal to their Church they will not submit to be steered either east or west, but true by the pole star of the Reformation. It ought to be clear by this time that the ," English Church Union " is not likely to succeed in Tasmania, whether it is sought to further it by suaviter or satire, or both. The Primate of Australia showed keenness of observation in giving it as his opinion that extreme Ritualism is not likely to thrive in Australia. Still, it will be necessary to both watch and pray that the management of the affairs of our dearest church may be placed in the hands of men of the right stamp ; men full of faith and the Holy Ghost. Yours, etc" WATCH. 