A NOTE ABOUT THE GHOST IN HAMLET. F. C. BURN;1NI?, I$F "THE MONTH." : . .lii,liia interesting arid ,cnaftiifagly written 1 Kt,tlo fooK^ " Je>yels of-the Mass,!' tiie" fatigabie Sir: Percy Fitzgerald has this passage:-"Our own £i?nt .poet w'tio' .feaS touched all thing3, and the Catholic iaySid^oi above all, with an unerring knowledge thai I is almost inpired, lias left the best and most 1 pifcc'its inyigu of the poor purgatorial soul and its sufferings", (fh Q2),< .And tlicil ho gives an extract from the speecfi1 t>'f.the, Ghost in "Hamlet." Frequently have I licnrcf th'i's passage adduced as a proof that Shakespeare held the Catholic doctrine of Purgatory, and that ho meant to exhibit the " poor j Ghost" tis Coming thenco for awhile, and, at | tfock-6'rowy returnjhgth'itlier.- What with the riphoir\vnI of th'e Reformation arte? the revival of the anc'le'i:i{- Ic'jiriijh'e, of Greece and fio'rnfe',-. there was in ElizabelK'$ tirciti a mu'dflle 6'f Christian tradition and prt^'riri ?6'geV)'<l sufficient to provide Shakespeare with th§ material for creating the Ghost of Hamlet's f ather. The Ghost makes use of the ancient Catholic word " unhousel'd," "unanealed," arid desoribes his murder to Hamlet thus: /'No' 'fefiiiMfngfnade, but Bent to my account With, all my imperfections on my head." Also'he irifo'riris his soii lie is bound _ " To'fast id fit6s .Till the foul crimes; done in my days of ti titbit'/ Are burnt »na purged away." But though tliis is consistent with a part of tlie true doctriine of Ptfrgfi jovial suffering; yet the Ghost himself is rather a <k gobln damned" than a " spirit of health," for tno souls in Purgatory are joyfully suffering as being sure of Heaven at the end ; and most deitainly no soul in Purgatory, even if per mitted to revisit " the glimpses of the moon" I -and ^o'me souls (as 1 remember reading in a Saint's life; though I carinofi j list now give chapter and verse for iriy ruithority) suffer a portion of their Purgatory aftrif dfcnili in .ft particular spot on earth - no soul in Purgatory could possibly cherish a thought ofjrevenge, nor be permitted to return to earth in order to incite anyone to commit murder. And this, be it remembered, is the sole object of the Ghost appearing to Hamlet. He dnysj '.Avenge my fo'ul sind mo'st tlfinntural murder." And he goes o'ii, perfectly alive to tho lieinousness of murder in tile flb'stfact; "Murder most foul as if in the best itfo'i But this moat foul, strange, and unnatural." Yet it is for tho express purpose of urging his son to commit what in circumstances the most " extenuating," is a crime " most foul," that tills Ghost-a most unprincipled ghost -lias c'o'nle fro'iii Purgatory ! No, this Ghost came from tlifcs po'fe'fc's brain ; rtiiit ho is noth ing like so beneficent li as is the melancholy shade of Ccesar wild, from the same fertile head-quarters, ail nouces himself to Brutus as "his evil spirit," and solemnly warns his assassin that their next meeting will be at Philippi, when Brutus will como to him, not he to Brutus. And, by the way; this brief but awful apparition is a far grander conception than the communica tive, loquacious, and remorselessly unfor giving ghost of Hamlet's father. Hamlet's father is "fastingin fires" like Dante'sbrotlier in-law, Forose Donati, who suffering among the gluttonous, utters no word of vengeanco againt the cooks who had assisted him to tho grave of the gourmand. The Ghost of Hamlet's father is a malevolent spirit; he suited Shakespeare's purpose, and pleased a contemporary English audience, which wasn't quite slear as to what it believed on any subject, let alone the state of a soul immediately after death, neither bad enough for Hell nor good enough for Heaven. That Shakespeare touched up his Ghost with what he had hefird of "purgatorial fires" is as evident as that the Ghost's sentiments would be more in keeping with those of a pagan spectre in a Greek tragedy, than with those of a soul from Purgatory fn a play whore the dramatis personai, as we see from the maimed rites at Ophelia's grave, are professedly Christian. The souls in Purgatory are "in a state of grace," as St. Catherine of Genoa writes, "knowing the Truth, and knowing therefore how greivous is an obstacle which hinders their approach to God." Therefore it is that the souls in Purgatory "long," as Mr. Fitzgerald feelingly puts it. " for that drop of cold water to their tongues" which every Mass brings to them. " There is," says Mr. Fitzgerald, "something touchingly expressive in the form of this prayer which asks for the dead 'a place of refreshment, light, and peace.' and it has been pointed out that refreshment, or refrigerium, is a relief of a cooling kind suggested by tho burning pains of their situation." The Ghost of Hamlet's father tells us of his awful sufferings without any alleviation, except during the fewmoments allowed for conversation with his son, which he very naturally protracts as much as pos sible ; and yet thero is one most important thing omitted by this Ghost, something that would have at once dispelled any doubts as to his orthodoxy, and that is, he forgets to ask Hamlet to have Masses said for the repose of his soul. Of course I am aware that he could not, consistently, have asked for a Mass and a murder in the same breath. He does indeed bid Hamlet "remember" him, but the meaning of this is as clear as that of the now familiar injunction to "remember Mitchels town." The'Ghost simply means, "Remem ber my murder and avenge it as quickly as possible, as I shan't be perfectly happy until you have stained yourself with crime and despatched your uncle to well, to another place!" But had he been from Purgatory, a hopefully expiating, sorrowfully loving Catholic ghost, he would have said. "Pray for me, my son, remember me before the altar, have Masses said for the repose of my soul. Let me taste the consolation of 'a place of refreshment, light, and peace.' Warn your mother and uncle of the awful peril they stand in. Implore her, and him through her, to repent before it is too late." Had Shakespeare clearly comprehended the true doctrine of Purgatory he could not have given us the ghost of a Catholic coming back to earth an a devilish errand. THE TELEPHONE AT ALDERSIIOT.-During the recent experiments with the new rifle at Alder shot communication WHS maintained between the niarkers and the firing party by means of the telephone, and direction and elevation were corrected according to the intimations received from the targets. Some idea of the assistance afforded by the use of the telephone at these im portant experiments may be gathered from the fact that the firing took place at ranges varying from 2,000 to 2,800 yards. ELECTRIC LIGHT IS AMERICA.-At the recent meeting of the National Electrical Association of America, the president, Mr. S. A. Duncan, stated th<!.t there were now in use in the United States 192,500 arc lights, 1,700,000 incandescent lamps, and thirty-four electric raihvayswith 223 motor cars in full operation. Forty-nine more roads are in course of construction, insixmonths the capital invested in electric plant had in creased by £8,400,000. THEATRES AND THE ELECTRIC LIGHT.-It ap pears that the Italians are to a certain extent following in the footsteps of the German and Spanish authorities, inasmuch as the Turin Municipality have decreed that all tho theatres in that town must be lighted by electricity from November 