IVA.L.CMA & DISTRICT. [From our Special Correspondent.] Jan. 25,1888. Drunkenness and Gaming. I read not very long ago a very truthful remark which was made by an eminent English statesman : " That the legislature can make laws, but it rests with the peo ple to carry them out." This is borne out in numerous instances in this colony, where various laws that seriously affect our social intercourse are allowed to re main to a certain extent a dead letter. For instance, the inspection of weights and measures, the adulteration of food and drink, the granting of licenses to public houses from year to year—long af ter they have become rotten and dilapi dated, and have fallen below the standard required by the Act—and many others. Bat the thing I wish most particularly to bring under your notice in this letter is the practice of gambling, which is an evil that is widespread and extensively prac tised in this and the neighbouring colo nies : from the humble shearer, who earns his money hard enough, and with travels whilst in search of work from tb|» Burde km or Diamantma within the totid zone nfr; to the snowy mountains of Kianf ra, an<l then loses his cash by tossing coppers at the rear of a bush public house, to the lordly bookmaker, who dwells in a palace and swindles on a large scale. It appears that the laws relating to gambling are strict, but these laws are constantly ig nored. Is it not a fact that ten of thou sands of sweep tickets on the various horse races are carried through the post office every year 1 Are there not at the present moment numerous Chinese gam bling dens in Sydney where the perni cious practice is carried on in open day, and under the eyes of the authorities! On race courses, on show grounds, and wherever there is a gathering of people there is to be found, like a ghost haunting a bad conscience, the thimble rigger, the monte man, the blackleg, and the swin dler. The billiard rooms are less hurtful only in a small degree, although, I be lieve there is no more harm in playing a game of billiards than there is in cricket or lawn tennis, so long as the table is kept in a private house, or in officer's quarters and no money staked on the game. But when we see a swarm of boys and young men collected in a licensed billiard room crowding round the table like crows round a dead carcase, walking about with a cne over the shoulder, a pipe in their mouth, and, more often than not, no money in the pocket, wasting precious time, and contracting bad habits which frequently leave a lasting impression for evil in after life, we must come to the conclusion that the practice is a bad one. It is an undoubted fact that many a yonng man looks back to his first step In a down ward course to the billiard table. Look ing at this subject from a financial point of view, considering the enormous ex pense , entailed on the country through the absurdly high percentage of criminals' in proportion to the population, and keep ing in view the fact that by far the greater portion of persons who are con victed and sent to gaol for offences against the law have brought the same about by either giving way to drunken ness or gambling, one Is led to speculate as to whether it would not be a good thing to introduce more strict measures in order to extirpate the gambler. What ever loss the revenue would sustain I am quite sure would be more than compen sated by the reduction of crime, and the consequent reduction in the expense of keeping up the gaols. It is a sad thing to have to say that along with our ad vanced civilisation in every town through- ' out this colony, if it is a town of any im portance, there is to be seen the black | walls of a gaol frowning down upon it, i with its full complement of gaol warders, &c.;, which is a great expense to the coun- | try. In addition to these there is a horde i of solicitors, barristers, and judges, who, | like the jackal that devours the carrion | left by the lion, feed and grow fat on the | vices of humanity. Many persons are | under the impression that anything I that has grown to be a universal custom j is right; but I am quite sure every think- j ing man and woman will admit that there is a wide field for improvement in the matters under discussion; more particu- j larly are these evils pernicious as they j tend to lead youth astray. It is scarcely 1 to say that everything which tends to ele vate the social and moral status of the people ought to be encouraged, whilst everything which has an opposite tendency | ought to be depreciated. j The Proof of the Pudding is in the Eating.—If the virtues claimed for Wolfe'B ' Schnapps were not to be found in the ] preparation, it sales would neither be so ' extensive or outspread through such a vast i territory. These are the most infallible : evidence of its merits, and must be ac cepted as the highest tributes to it worth, j Always get Wolfe's Schnapps. Holloway's Pills.—Any dyspeptic suf- | ferer aware of the purifying, regulating, and gently aperient powers of these Pills, ' should permit no one to cloud his judg ment;or to warp his course. With a box of Holloway's Pills, and attention to its accompanying " Directions," he may feel thoroughly satisfied that he can safely and effectually release himself from his mis eries without impairing his appetite or weakening his digestion. This most ex cellent medicine acts as a nervine and bodily tonic by aiding nutrition, and banishes a thousand annoying forms of nervous complaints. An occasional re sort to Holloway's remedy will prove highly salutary to all persons, whether well or ill, whose digestion is slow or imperfect, a condition usually evidenced by weariness, languor, listlessuess, and despondency. • 