ISLAND LIFE IN NORTHERN QUEENSLAND. JJ No one who has travelled in North Queensland can have failed to be struck by the singular beauty of the many islands that fringe the coast from Rockhampton upwards. To those who have been satiated with city life, there is something supremely delicious in the idea of years dreamt away on one of these isolated Edens. Seen, as they are to advantage, in the beautiful Whitsunday Passage, between Bowen and Townsville, island beyond island, dense with foliage, each set in blue ocean, they seem very Utopias, There are sandy bays, on the shores of which the sea, nearly always calm, breaks lazily. There are reefs of coral, gorgeous of hue. There are the beautiful varying colors of the ocean now green, now blue, with the shadows of passing clouds flecking its surface. Above all the balmy air completes the beauty of the surroundings by imparting a sense of comfort which lulls one into contentment. At certain seasons of the year the islands are alive with blacks, and yet no fragment of a legend even can be extracted from them. Now and again, by the Northern camp fires, men tell uncredited stories of what they term " white niggers " being discovered in hitherto unopened country ; and no one is able, or cares, to account for their appear- ance. A moment or two of wondering speculation as to the cause of such a curiosity is generally terminated abruptly, for Albinos exist even among the blacks. Lately, to the north of Cooktown, the remains of a very old vessel were found, its very bolts being all but powder. The rotting hull was overgrown with dense and gigantic mangrove. What became of her crew ? Blacks do not always kill the shipwrecked, as witness the well- known case of James Morrell. However, it is not of the past of these islands that I would speak, full, as they are to me, of a most pathetic history, but of the life of to-day, and of those who now inhabit some of the islands. Applications made to the Queensland Government in- duced them to throw the islands open to lease, and the most habitable have occupants. I do not propose to tell of those who have taken to island life as a means of making money ; but to relate a few of the adventures of men who have taken to the life as one which had peculiar fascinations. Sixteen years ago the stories of the Hon. —and his comrades on Moreton Island were quite one of the topics about Bris- bane. The dress, or rather want of it, which they adopted ; their endeavors, highly educated though they were, to adapt them- selves to the life, led by the blacks ; and, above all, their snake-charming adventures, were all fertile sources of interest. One story comes back to me with sin- gular-distinctness. The Hon.— had the power, acquired I know not where, of charming snakes. One day he came up to Brisbane, and brought with him a choice selection of these reptiles in boxes. These were carefully arranged round his room, and their owner proceeded to "do" Bris- bane. Now " doing" a town in those days meant very much what the term " painting the town red" implies in these days of quaint Americanism, and when he returned home with one of his companions, no one was surprised at hearing a great dis- turbance, caused, of course, by their man- ner of settling an argument. But they were surprised, and very justly, when they found the house the next morning infested with a plague of snakes. Snakes were seen upon the stairs, verandahs, and even in beds. To persons of nervous tempera- ment this sort of thing was distract- ing, and not even the explanation that " the boxes were upset by accident " was taken as sufficient excuse. The Hon. was requested to leave, and take his snakes with him. That his companions were utterly reck- less may easily be believed, but were it not a well-known fact, it would scarcely be credited that one of them made the other a bet that he would run from side to side of Queen-street, emerging from a side street and disappearing into its con- tinuation, a distance of 66 feet, without being hit by a bullet from a rifle by his comrade, who was at a stated distance. The bet was carried out and the runner got hit, loosing his bet, and spending a period of retirement under a doctor. Away north again, most of the islands about Townsville and Cardwell are in- habited. "Weird stories are told of the massacres of shipwrecked crews on cloud- capped Hinchinbrook, off the Herbert River. A little further south "The Sheep Station" Island is occupied by one man herding the sheep belonging to Messrs. H —and B —. of Townsville, and not far from him B — lives solitary on the Palm Islands. If a monotonous life - broken only by moments of wild excite- ment constitutes a charm, certainly he has attained to an earthly Paradise. He started a fishing station, which was to provide & Townsville and the. -Surrounding district with fish, salt and smoked. His plan sounded excellent. Challenger Bay was fenced across with poles, from which nets were suspended, enclosing about 90 acres; . of shallow bay, into which ran a creek. At a point about the centre of this long net an arrow-head shaped trap of wire netting was erected. At the start he had two men, and when the tide was at its full they would take a boat and let the nets fall. As the bay emptied of water the fish enclosed in this net would gradually con- verge towards the trap, until at low water, were the haul good, it would be a seething mass of fish of all sorts and descriptions. There would be sharks, some about six feet in length ; fish known as electric-fish, so painful is the wound made by their spine ; barramundi, salmon, king-fish, stingaree, squid ; in fact a unique collection of marine monsters. The tide having fallen, the sport would commence. B--and his men would enter the trap armed with spears, and proceed to bring out the haul and place them in baskets. Some of these fish were very savage, and, as an example, the dying snap of a barramundi's jaw once penetrated through the leather of a sea boot. Sharks and stingaree were also very unpleasant customers to tackle, especially when the legs were bare. But nothing came amiss to these men. This sort of thing went fairly well for a month or so, when suddenly the fish left. Whether they were frightened by the poles of the net, or whether they only came at certain seasons to feed in the bay, no one could tell. The fact remained, and the fish speculation was for the time at an end. During this period of peaceful fishing, there were other excitements to keep B — and his comrades from relapsing into dullness. Jacky, a black, who with another had stolen a bêche-de-mer boat, and abandoned two white men on the Barrier Beef, arrived on the scene, and at once proceeded to make things lively. Early one morning he visited Mr. B —'s tent armed with a fish-spear, and took a quiet and deliberate " prod " at his sleeping figure. He missed his aim, however, and in recovering his spear one of the barbs caught the blanket and dragged it off. B — was on his legs in an instant, and fired a shot in the direction of Jacky's retreat, but without effect. On two sub- sequent occasions did Jacky repeat his visit, but the white men were on their guard. On the failure of the fishing the two men who were with B —went away, and he was left alone, his only other companion, on wrhom he could rely, being Coy — a Straits Islander. Once more did Jacky attempt his life, by throwing a spear from a patch of scrub which B — was crossing, whilst returning to the camp. It passed behind his back some six inches, and al- though he ran into the scrub to find him, A TERRIBLE MOMENT. the latter never made his appearance. Jacky subsequently died, on the ocean side of this island. After this episode, things became very quiet in their unvarying monotony, until one day B — and Coy were startled by seeing something large, living, and black in the deserted fish-trap. An expedition was at once organised to wade out, and the object proved to be an alligator. His mate, evidently one much larger, had broken the trap and disappeared, but this one was young and foolish, and did not know enough to escape. He was not much more than eight feet, so a pole was pro- cured which was placed across his head, and niggers held on at each end. Then the adventurous B — procured a rope and muzzled him. "With great diffi- culty he was dragged into one of B —'s boats, and he and Coy set out for Townsville. The night was miserably dark, and the rain blinding. The boat was sail- ing south under a steady breeze, when suddenly there was a big commotion in the centre of the boat, and Coy yelled out, " Look out, alligator loose !" It was wonderful how quickly B — gained the bows and Coy the stern. B —'s coat and matches were in the centre of the boat. With persuasive eloquence B — tried to induce Coy to go manfully for- ward and re-muzzle the alligator, but with no avail. Threats followed persuasion, but as B — was at one end of the boat, Coy at the other, and the alligator between them, they were equally fruitless, and elicited nothing but a "No fear-you white man-you go !" from the stubborn Coy. All through that miserable night did B — and Coy occupy their respective positions with admirable determination, and in the early gray of morning it was found-that the alligator was fast, and had never been loose ! That alligator went south by the next boat, and was exhibited to admiring crowds in Sydney-crowds all unconscious of his eventful history. . That B — was fond of sailing, always providing he could "crack on sail," goes without saying, and many an adventurous night he passed between Townsville and the Palms. This peculiarity was so well known to his friends that but few would trust themselves with him, and a smile of enjoyment would pass across their features when — in his after-dinner confidences would tell them of the almost holy feeling that would come to him on beautiful moonlight nights, seated alone, tiller in hand, in the stern of one of his boats cruising between the islands. On one occasion he was making a trip to Townsville to get stores &c.;, bringing with, him half a ton of dried fish, £14 in notes, a watch and chain and his " store" clothes. He started with a fair but squally breeze, and as usual crammed every stitch of canvas on his craft. Halfway there came a squall, and in ten seconds B — and the boy Coy, who accompanied him, found themselves struggling in the water. The boat, which was heavily ballasted, sunk with its cargo. The two recent occupants set themselves steadily to swim ashore. The nearest spot was Acturon Island, a distance of about two miles, and towards this they slowly made their way. They were both splendid swimmers, but unless one hus- bands his strength, such a distance be- comes terribly trying. Minutes seem like hours, and hours like eternity ; then there is the danger of cramp, or the more awful death from the jaws of a shark. Imagine the feelings of B — and his boy, when they discovered one of these brutes travelling in front of them ! The former, in the lead, turned his head, and told the black boy, and the latter became almost green with fear. Slowly they approached the island, and at last they reached it in safety. B — afterwards said that he never, in his life, had experienced such a feeling of intense relief as the moment when his feet touched the shingle. From this island they were rescued next day by a passing steamer. \- I must give one more story of B — before closing. Although living in the roughest of tents, he has a library with him, and, strange to say, his dress clothes. Now, H. M. gunboat Palumah happened to be cruising in the neighbor- hood of the Palms, and some of the officers rowing ashore, found B —, whom they had not previously met, attired in his every- day clothes, a shirt and hat, the rest of his body almost black with exposure to the sun. He was mending his nets, and enter- ing into conversation with him, to their intense astonishment they found that they . had a gentleman to deal with, and with their usual hospitality asked him on board to dinner. " Shall I come as I am ?" he inquired, laughingly. " Certainly," was the reply. What was their surprise some two hours later to see their guest of the evening, arriving in his boat, attired in full evening dress-white tie, white gloves-in fact, Sydney could hold no more irreproachable a dandy. Life on those islands of the Summer Seas seems to possess a fascination for cer- tain natures not easily understood by the busy, bustling, ever-pushing men of this . century. The dawn breaks on a still, opal-colored sea, and gradually rising, tops the succes- sion of granite peaks that constitute the interior. The light on Orpheus Island, : where the grass has been lately burnt, and which lies just on the opposite side of the passage, shows it of a green so fresh and vivid that no brush could depict it without its seeming unnatural. The sea . which sleeps between is lake-like in its stillness. The everlasting hills, clad with dense forest growth, are alive with chatter- ing parrakeets ; and the overnight smoke from some blackfellows' fire hangs blue and haze-like on the air, just above the tops of the trees which fringe the shore. One rises, and stretching him- self wishes that the day would continue as cool as the daybreak promises. Then one turns and lights the fire for breakfast ; gives a yell towards the camp to rouse the black boys, a yell that goes echoing and re-echoing up the gorges, until it reaches solitudes which were never broken by the presence of man ; and then a dip in the sea. Ah ! the freshness of that plunge at dawn into the sea, without a ripple ; and the sharpness of that bit of coral which one inevitably steps on ! Perhaps one did not sleep well in the early part of the past night. It was too hot, and the mosquitoes were troublesome. Thoughts of cool wooded English glades came up before sleepless eyes, peopled by the voices of those known so well in the long ago. Girls' laughing, voices ; the earnest speech of those old-time comrades ; the prattle of children ; the tender tones of the mother who loved one ! The thought crossed the mind that perhaps these ghosts of past dear days had come to drive one — what ? Mad ? "Wearied out, sleep came; and now as one's head emerges from the cool salt brine one wonders what could have made one so , sentimental in the lonely watches of the night. Drying oneself, one proceeds to dress. Costume for morning — a shirt and hat ; afternoon visit- . ing — same; evening-same, without the hat. One has but himself to dress for, and if it were not for the scorching sun by day, and the sandflies at night, he would cer- tainly adopt the attire of his earliest ancestors. Arriving at the. camp, there is a wood fire blazing lip j and the blackboy is sleepily rubbing his eyes, watching a fish just taken from the sea which is being cooked on the ashes. Alongside the fire are some scrub- hen eggs, the size of four of the best pro- duction of the domestic fowl. " Quick, Billy, get the frying pan !" Then we break one of those monsters and proceed to cook an abnormal omelette. On goes the billy, out comes the damper, and then under the shade of a grass-thatched hut we proceed to partake of our solitary meal. By this time the sun has risen in its might, and we set about doing something ; or else we do nothing, and are as busy over it as if we really had a mission in life. This until midday, when we bathe again. Afternoon spent in re- reading literature that we know almost by heart, varied on some occasions by going out fishing. Evening, more bathing, and then the night. Day after day, night after night ; nothing but one horrible round of repetition. Sooner or later, the mind must give way under the strain of awful loneli- ness ; and I cannot but think that anyone who will voluntarily adopt such a mode of life must have a strain of peculiarity. Island life is beautiful and poetical in theory, but the reality is a hideous dream of wasted existence, which I feel confident no man looks back upon but with a feeling very much akin to revulsion. It is only another of those dreams that looked at closely have all the bitterness of Dead Sea Fruits. 