PERTH BAPTIST TABERNACLE. On Wednesday evening a public meeting ?was held in the existing Baptist Church at Perth to commemorate the laying of the memorial stone of the new Tabernacle, which had taken place in the afternoon. The building was well filled, Mr W. Gibson, of Scone, occupying the chair. The meeting was opened devotionally by Pastor Walton, the minister iu charge, who then called on the chairman to address those present. The chairman, in his opening remarks, said this service would be of a purely evangelistic nature to celebrate the laying of the foundation stone of the new Taber nacle, and, although the building in which they were assembled seemed rather small, he tr jsted that now in course of erection when finished would comfortably seat all. He had much pleasure in calling upon Pastor Hyde, of Longford, to address the meeting. Pastor Hyde said truly this was a happy day, as they were enabled to rejoice in lay ing a foundation stone for a new Baptist Churcii. He extiorled me memoers ot tue present church to be zealous for God, using every opportunity of witnessing for Him. Pastor Wood, of Liuneeston, in address ing the meeting, spoke of a live church, earnestly setting forth that every member should ever put before liimthefact that unless the church showed vitality by each member being filled with the Holy Ghost, the place would soon go down. He strongly urged the undecided ones to yield to the offers of mercy, so that they could come and swell the numbers who had washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. He concluded an able address by wishing every success to the new under taking. Pastor Blackie, of Latrobe, then in his usual happy style, spoke a few encourag ing words to the believers, and invited the unsaved to come to Christ, and commence to build their foundat ion on the Bock of Ages. Pastor Archer, of Deloraine, said they wanted a church on fire with the Holy Ghost, and if every member was baptised by the Holy Ghost, and tilled with the fire of the Spirit, they would bum brightly, and be lights in the world. He pointed sinners to the way that leadeth to God, and strongly urged every member to get a baptism of' this Holy Ghost fire, so that when they entered the new church it might in reality' be a church on fire with the Holy Ghost. Pastor ll'Cullocli, of Hobart, gave a very interesting address, setting forfh liow that this day they had laid the foundation stone of a new house for God, and entreated the Christian people to be up and doing, con stantly praying, as prayer was the maclii nery that kept the church in full swing. He especially exhorted Christians to use more private prayer, and concluded an excellent address by inviting sinners to come to unn6L, wnom 10 juiuw was me eternal. Pastor Walton, of Perth, in closing, spoke a few words saying how he had profited by the warm-hearted addresses of the brethren present, and trusted their labors of that night would not be in vain. Since he had been in Tasmania he had found Perth was the right place for him. He strongly re commended the members of his church to avail themselves of every means of grace, but above all things not to neglect the prayer meetings, lie had no room to com plain of the zeal and earnestness of mem bers of the church, but still by continuing -in tliair r-t-ACAnf oniivco TtrVlOTl tll0 MPYV church should be. opened, they would be a live church tilled with the fire of the Holy Ghost , and noted also as a praying church. He concluded by urging his congregation to uphold his hands by prayer, and work while it was to-day, for the night coineth when 110 man can work. llyiuns were sung between the addresses, and a vote uf thanks to the chairman for presiding, and the brethren who had ad- I dressed 'the meeting, was heartily re-j eponded to. The meeting was brought to a clo&e; by the pronouncing of the Benediction. iNTEKKSTrNG Fir.rni-s —A writer in the Good Templars' Jirat£kwoi'd points out how to grasp the British drink bill for 1887 — £124,953,680:— Weight in sovereigns, 978 tons. Time to count it-, without ever stop ping, at the rate of one sovereign per second — three years, 11 months, 21 days. The height of a pillar if the sovereigns were placed face to face — 116 miles, or a gold rope reaching from Carlisle to Liverpool. The length of a chain if the sovereigns were placed edge ta ©dps — 1725 miles. Out of the amount spent, 35 sovereigns could t be placed on each letter in the Bible, and 1 leave a balance of £126,880. 