Our Paris Letter. [JEOM ODB OWH OOKEESrONDENT.] Paius, July 7. As if that of Panama was not uufnoient, opinion in occupied with the presumed oanals in ihe planet Mars. One canal, communicating with a vast fresh water ocean, haa a lock. Possibly it waB that circumstance whioh caused M. detcssepB to change Mb mind and apply the wrinklo tohisPaoifico-AUttnticditoh. Aocord ing to the latest aetronomical interviewer, Mars would teem to resemble not a littlo Holland ; not only bv ita cnnal system, but bv its wind mills, barge traffic, and winged inhabitants. Our planet enn at least boast of one ' Flying Dutchman.' Many speculators would liko to know what it cost to construct a, ship canal in Mars, how many times the capital was aug mented beforo tho opening day, if a lottery loan had been resorted to, and what re compen6o was accorded to the piercer. A heretio having asserted that Mars was all ice, M. Flammarion has bounded as high as ono of tho elastic inhabitants of that plnnet, whoeo every step is Baid to be of Al Borak dimensions.' No; Mara, following tho first picturesque and sentimental astronomer of Franco; unison lines- not unlike those of our own -.arth, subject to gravitation variations. But we must wait till tho Eiffel Tower bo com pleted to have an Asmodean peep into tho man sions of our planet neighbours. As everything fieems to bo bloated there, so naturally must bo their armaments — other interplanetary link. One speculator concludes from the uniformity in the height of the mountains, tho width of the rivers, and the size of the ships, that MajB must be a republic. Who knows but that tho ihree classical incarnations of Father Mars might not bo after all those tutelary deities — Liberty, Equality, nnd Fraternity. And since tho wolf uud the woodpecker were sacred to the bellicose god, do rot these symbolise come republics whose devotees are constantly devouring and hammer ing one another? Curiosity haa again swung round to know what the great European medicine man — need Bismarck be named?— is now contemplating. Evidently to secure, primarily, Germany from sacrificing a bone of a Pomeranian, or, what is equally as important, expending a pfennig ; and, secondly, to keep tho reckleaa from play infr ?with fire ! In his Quaker pilgrimage — re- presented by his master und Wb own son — to the Czar the Chancellor wins, whether ho succeeds or fails. Henri IV. said Paris was worth a muss. Bismarck considers tho God epefd of the continent is well worth tho philan thropic humiliation of Germany. The world will soon know if the Czar intends to fight, and, next, if France will back him in tho cockpit. ' How long can the European war bo post poned?' nnd not ' Cun it bo conjured f' is tho enigma. If Bismarck has to dig up the hatchet he will stir up the dry bones, as they have not be en rattled for a long time. There aro betting men who will givo tho oddB that the big war will open in the Medi terranean, nnd that the explosion will take place between France and Italy. Count von Moltke is credited with the assertion that the mobilisa tion of the Itulian army must, if the occasion nrise, be effected almost within a period to be measured by hours. Franco must naturally check that intended concentration on her Alpine frontiers, by shelling the shore railway linea of Italy. Now the latter has swifter ironclads, and ninny more mosquitoes in the shape of torpedo boats than France, and could deotiuetively shell southern Franco, and ravage Tunisia and Algeria, whilo the French fleet would be coasting down Italy. An in surrection in Algeria and Tunisia, aud the landing of Italian troops to aid the insurgents, are counted upon as a mutter of cotimj. The junction of the Austrian and Geirnan navies in the Mediterranean must bo expected. The Eussiun warships can huidly force the Dardanelles, as that would necessitate England's giving the order to clear the decks. Peace iB spoken of in whispers, but war is a staple and business subject of oonver Ention. The Orlennist8 have looked up their pre tender, the Comte de Paris, at London, to ascer tain howhs lives and moves in these fluctuating t'meB. The first thing thut struck the visitor on entering Sheen House wero vuees tied with tricolour ribbon. They were reserved for French flowers, but were empty, ns tho Eng lish fog had faded all sent from TJ'rimee. Tho conito receives his supply of butter from Nor nuindy, but did not explain how he kept that fresh. The bouse is plainly, if not moanly furnished. But what ia the ubo of investing in upholstery or bibelots when one expects fromday to day to rcsido in a palace in Paris. Besides, the Orloanists were over economical. The Oom tesse de PariB is tho man of the family, as the Duehesse d'Augoulcme, duughter of Mario Antoinette was, according to JNupoleon I., tho man of tho Bourbon family. She koepB up a voluminous correspondence with her lady par tisans in Franco ; dresses markedly in nia3cu lino attire ; prefers a hansom to every other kind of vehicle, and her chief delight iB horse manship ; and during tho season shooting over the preserves of tho family bankor — Hoths- child. The Comte do Paris is rapidly ageing. His hair will soon bo all white ; in the absence of his crown ho wears a Bkull-cap. doubtless to guard aguinst the London fog. He lives a her mit life, uud is interested in manuscripts and works connected with tho amelioration of tho working-classes. The book he is writing on this subject, and which has produced in him round shoulders und long drawn featurep will prove a philosopher's Btone it Eecmp. On things in general, the eomto t-co no clearer into a milestone than an ordinary mortal. Ho cannot name tho day for his triumphal entry into France, nor fix the date -when the European war will break out. The disruption of Germany will be effeoted, ho believes, not by France or Russia, but by the socialist and anarchists of Germany. As for Frunce herself, he nffirma that the next gencrul election will bury the republic and rcstoro monarchy ; but of the three forms of the hitter, he does not stute which -will win. Ho views Bonlanger, not as a heuvon-born Minister, but ub a Divine cent battering rum, to knock tho existing rogimo on the head. The comte only forgets that Boulangism, like every other ism — Orleanism not accepted — is played out ulreudy. Tho general did not square tlio budget, reduce tho taxes get buck Alence and Lorraine, nor expel tho English fmu Egypt, no that ho iB not a whit better than tho shoal of political redeemers thnt have, within tho memory of tho oldest inhabitant, come und gone. The comte is glad to peo that the provinces commence to kick at tho political usurpa tion of Paris, und that tho ruralu aro declining to tako both marching orders and revolutions from Iho capital. .The comte illustrates that distance lends enchantment to the view. Parisians arc deeply interested in tho condi tion of their sewers, and resent the impudeuco of certain suburban populations that decline to accept tho sewage on their lands, odours in cluded, at a reduced price, to grow early vego tablen, and also late oneB, for tho city ninrkots. Parisians have also erected a splendid prison ut Nanterre, a neighbourhood fumous for suppers nnd rosicres, into which the femulo scum of tho capital waB to bo poured, imd so permit the St. Luzoro prifon to bo demolished, it being a jchthouse and un'cycsoro. Tho now peniten tiary was finished a year ago, but no inmates are sent there, and St. Luzaro still seethes. Designed for women, Nanterro gaol is occu pied by criminal beggars and the infirm poor. Very many industries aro carried on within its walls, cavo picking tho pound of oakum daily and breaking the gallon of stones. Tho detenues havo all the comforts of a home, and the otood in order to enjoy these qualify them selves by becoming bad, in order not to bo din charged. Each inmate— for Nanterro is an hospital rather than a prison— haB a cell, thut is a chamber, and fitted up with ovory essen tial. If tho occupant wants a servant ho hnB only to push an eleorio button and Ariel appears. Haohette, the -publisher, has t-o cbntraot for supplying tho national schools of France, and her colonies, with penny copybooks, which aro stitched, covered, and mado up at this prison. They are stacked, liko hay in a riok. Another immense trado tikes pluco in note und pocket bookp, diaries, and fiy- sheot calendars. Tho old vagrants, called ' Sonators,' aro ocoupicd Bort ing tho coloured cuttingB from tho paper machines. Other? find employment making bottlo baskets for liquors and oils, toys, grid ironB. and mousetraps. Tailors tako charge of the clothing, and shoemakers of all leather work. Cutting tho hair of rabbit skins for hatters keeps many hands as buBy ai a hatter. S No needlowork is oxennttd ; tho hand cannot m compote with tho sowing-maohine ; boaideB, tho | mnmmoth soft-goodn shops are supplied by tho 3 convent;!. Tho peniteritiury coruumoB its own 3 smoke, and also its own sowago in tho vast a kitchen garden as lovingly as any Chiuainun \ could deairo. % The homeward journey of tho invitees to tho 'I opening of tho Samarcand railway was not as it satisfactory an tho outward journey. French i correspondents allude to having to wait long :| hours under a desert furnace sun till some { railway bridges that had been swept away '.! were rather rebuilt thnn repaired. That ;| kind of breakago would bo a question- '1 ablo aid to Russia in tho tranapurt of: z men and material for tho invasion of India. | When the houses on wheels train pulled up at | Geok-T6pe station, a curioua history was re- | lnted. It was that immonso citadel, 1,200 I acres in extent, that Skoiieloff a few years ago j converted into a cemetery for 10,009 mon, and j with tho slain was entombed tho power of the Turcomans. During tho attack the Russian ! bands, as usual, continued playing battle music. ' Tho souvenir of tho latter never left the minds of the nntivep, bo that a few mouths »go when tho railway station was inaugurated » tho bands performed in honour of the ; event. Instantly tho whole population i rushed out, howling and foaming ' at the mouth, nnd striking their heads against tho 1 ground, so that tho ordei hud to be given to cease playing. Native carpets und precious stones enn be purchased cheaper in London or Paris than in Central Asia. Many persons have an aversion for travelling even with the ghost of luggage. Here is a hint how Turkestan : citizens manage respecting tho refreshment basket. On removing their big dishevelled S hair hats they plunge their hand into tho J bottom, tako out some dried fruit or other 3 necessary of life, stoop the body as a camel a ,' kneels to receivo its burden, and replace the |- headgear as coxcombly ob a guardsman would JS his bearskin. The cupboard hat is a now idea. ;f. for voyagers. ?-$ M. do I esscps alleges that his now lottery -J loan has been covered. In a certain sense, it 3 bus, but in financial circles the incredulous 'a are numerous. Since it is alleged tho com- -; puny hns all tho money it needs — till tho next 3 loan, thero can be no roason for its hesitating ;; further to make a clean and clear statement of 1 its liabilities ; the expenditure account has j always suffered from a fog. j Princo Bismarck's Dr. Mackenzie is Pro- j ieEsor Schweningcr. Tho giant statesman who (? makes all Europe next to obey him, is like a s child in the hands of hia physician. But the ' latter has brought him through many a crisis. Ho is attached body and soul to tho prince, so he is regarded us almost a member of tho family, a family who huve so few intimate friends. It is the professor who enters the Chanoellor'H bedroom first in the morning, to inquire after his health, to regulate his meals for tho day, and to preEcribe his exerciso. He breakfasts always with the Chancellor, and dines when ever no big political wigs are invited. For merly Bismarck had 12 dishes served him at table; now only two; a dozen bottles wero on the sideboard, now none at all. Bismarck hntes company, despises a ;' society where all are pigmies. Ho en- j joys only the society of his family, Schwen- j inger, and his Emiu'enco GriBe, M. do Ratten- \ burg. The two latter are professionally and ( diplomatically chained to him, or, rather, he to ) them. After dinner, and reclining in a long ', chair, and armed with a hugo pipe, the prince i is in his element relating stories; but his pet J mastiff muBt ever be within reach, bo that the ! master may be able to scratch its head. Being ; an invalid, the Princess Bismarck does not receive. Tbe only dinner tho Chancellor enjoys ; is that given by him in honour of the members of Parliament — to friends and foes alike, the latter always invited first, and of whom many put in an appearance. A Munich brewer makes a special brow for this banquet, where Bismarck huB his own tankard arranged by Schweningor — one part beer nnd three parts distilled water, 60 that the prince can indulgo in several ' sala manders ' without danger. Napoleon I. hud tho habit, when he desired to be familiar with his friends, of pulling the end of their ears. Bismarck prefers to stroke their jaws with his fingers, or, if ho is highly '?: delighted with them, with his full open palm. His grandson, the little Otto deRuntzau, comos ! every day to kiss tho hand of his grandpapa ] und at the samo timo godfather. Tho little ;' fellow is a private in Bismarck's own regiment of the White Cuirassiers, bo ho visits in full uniform tho commander of. his regiment, J saluting militarily en entering tho study and : when returning to the nursery. No one has ever clearly understood tho relations botween : Bismarck and the jrrciit blind but Argus eyed Jew banker, Bleiihrccder. The latter ) is detested by tho Bismarck family, and is never invited to the house, yet ho and Bismarck are liko twin brothers ; the banker will bo received by BiBmarck tho moment ho culls, as tho King of the Belgians well knows, and when BleienrcBder visits any European capital, ambassadors wish to call on him. That bunker is tie rod in pickle Bismaruk holds ready to scourge Russia into a financial collapse, aud to squeeze French stocks when necessary. Were Frunce to be in a political tight place to morrow, sho would require immediately, ao- , cording to the Ministeriul paper, tho France, two millions to fuce her exigible cash payments. Civil servants in every country are', on point of I salary, as discontented as farmers about the j weather. Oue circumlocutionist has como to '. grief. In order to add to hiuincomo, he fitted out j a blind boy with a dog and a tin whistle, arid ' obtained a good begging site for him near a ; lending thoroughfare. In tho evening the lad handed the day's receiptBfo tho Government clerk. A now hat does not take tho shine off an old ; coat. The atrial that has been running in Harper's ' Wcrichj. entitled ' A Strange MS. Found in a Copper Cylinder,' is said to have been written by the late Professor Dr. do Mills, and to have lain in the archives of tho Harper's establish ment fur tho past }o years. This information will rather disturb those persons who have pre nouncf d it an imitation of tho peculiar literary productions of Mr. Eider Haggard. It will bo issued iu book form. Addressing an assemblage of young literary ; men i ccently, Mr^ James Russell Lowell told ; them how he escaped tho fate of most beginners ' in literature, und reaped finanoiul profits from 1 his original venture in authorship. His first 1 book had an edition of 600 copies, and he paid ! for the printing of it himself. Soon after tho \ book wub issued, and beforo many copies had been sold, a fire occuiied in the publishing- ' houte where the volumes were stored, and they wero destroypd. As tho publisher carried a full insurance on tho stook, Mr. Lowoll was i able to realise the full cash voluo of his venture, I and ho had the satisfaction of saying thut the j entire edition was exhausted. ; Lady Macbeth was a fascinating, schominr; littlo Scotchwoman, who looked after tho ' bawbeec,' and knew her husband well enough to recognise thnt however bravo in battle, hri could uot resist tho influence of a petticoat. If Delilnh could subjugate Samson, and Judith ) get round Holofernes, why should not a sharp, ? red-hnire'd Scotch thaiie'n wife ' talk over 'so superstitious a husband as Mncbeth, who suffers i alternately from '-warnings' nnd ohrouio in- / digestion ? Lady Macbeth has yet to be played i from a now point of view. Thsl_Mrs. Siddons j idea can bo improved upon, nnd thoro is no fur- ] ther need of the aBthmatio breathing1 in tho ;j sleep-walking Boeno. Sarah Bornhardt made 1 an ambitious failure of this unscrupulous Scotch- ' woman, making her a frenzied Joan of Aro. j What will Miss Ellen Terry have to say on th* ? aubjeot ?— Truth. ' & Littlo ohildren should bo taught to take ' proper care of thoir finger nails and their ,i hands. Puphing away tho fleah from tho '1 finger nails prevents ' hang-nails.' Trouble- ( come 'ring-arounds,' chilblains, and othor :| affections of ehiidish fingers may bo prevented I if a little care is given. Slivers should bo re- j moved at once and littlo hands should be ] examined after playhours to see that there are j no slivers. Even an ordinary pine sliver j passing into some purU of tho bund has been ] known to bo the oauso of Borious diseases of I tho muscles of tho hand and urm in after, life. \ Littlo girlt should have inauiouro sets, as those can now bo bought at a trifling eoBt.' Thero iB no reason why a refined woman should ' not have a dainty hand though sho mayao coinplish moro work than her idlo sister.. A careleFP, idlo person is quito likely to be negli gent of her person. 