Ulte (Steg-^Ikr. i j THE GHOST OF A CHANCE. I By S. LEES.1 In literal trnth it was that only, yet it haunted me with most ghost-like persistence, lt worried me through the sleepless hoars of the night, and danced between me and the ' P5ges of the ledger cn which I [ vainly bent my inattentive eyes. At last I could bear its uncanny presence no longer. I flung down my pen, and dragging the phantom out into tbe daylight, looked steadily in its impish, mccking face— Sensible soul,"I said, derisively, "your t dreams are „„ so likely to be realized. They are founded on such an admirable basis of solid tense. Naturally you, with your six-andtnenty years, your empty pockets, and no piospects at all, think yourself entitled to at least a place in the race matrimonial, but when you go in for the blue ribbon you must admit the betting is horribly against you, and yet last night—oh, what I fool lam !" i&d; then despite the obvious truth of the con- j eluding words my thoughts went wandering eff again, busily reproducing all the incidents on which my lunatic hopes were founded. You eee, the way of it was this. I Gerald Errington, being young, poverty - stricken, ana a fool, had fallen in love with a girl, beautiful as the heroine of the last popular novel, twenty times better bied, and as rich —well, just about twice as rich as the wealthy Banker, who, more out of regard for my widowed mother than appreciation of me, gave me a hundred a year to muddle his bocks for him. The very powers of mischief must have conspired to bring about a meeting between us, our paths were BO little likely naturally < to crobs. One bright spring morning, now I six months ago, 1 did not know of Evelyn i Fortescne's existence, and by nightfall I was hopelessly in love with her. She said I saved . c her life, and I suppose I did save her from 1 some bruises, perhaps from a broken bone or t EO, bat any bricklayer in the crowd might ' f have done the same, and she couldn't fall in ki love with him, you know. There I am, at it , again. ; It was at a concert, one of those great o crowded popular affairs at which the crush ' b is something impossible to describe and ter- , v rible to think about, when yon remember : how easily thingB go wroog, and imagine j that good-natured smiling crowd moved by < ne wild-beast impulse of self- preservation truggling through the narrow passages and " i m alf-closed doors. Bah 1 it makes me ! } sick when I think of it. I had gone early k rather to accommodate Fred Prescott, my i employer's son, who showed me a persistent < friendliness difficult to shake off, and who 1 W was a musical maniac, than to please myself; . and now, in an interval of the tinging, stood>' turning my glass rather listlessly round upon i that sea of unfamiliar faces, suddenly one ! among them caught my attention and held it ' Y fast. | "What is it, Errington?" Baid my com- m h panion with some curiosity. "Have you ' w ost ycur heart or your wits, which ?" ; lccibtyE " Look at that young lady in the front row of the stalls." ! Young Prescott raised his glass and non- ! babntiy adjusted it. He is something of . the conventional swell for all his kind- • heartedneES, and would save a friend's life j with a stiff backed slowness of movement or < speak his dying words with a society drawl. ) " Which girl do you mean ? the squinting ' one in green and yellow, the elderly party in ' f white muslin and blue ribbons, or that Bevere uch tremendous pencilling on her score?" "No, no," I answered impatiently, "A ittle to your left; there, now, do yoa see er?" He took a good long compreheusive stare, dropped his glass, and turned to me with a pitying look. My ucai dear Errington," ^..tiiBuu!., UD*« he said U luoumvciv, plaintively. , w " if your impressionable heart has any moth- : like intention of fluttering round that ' brilliant flame, never say yoa were not a warned in time. That lady is the belle of the season, the licensed heart breaker for this ' year of grace, beauty, heiress, and more than all the sensation of the day; surely even yoa mast have beard o! tivelyn Fortescue?" The South Ann; ican heiress?" The same, m> friend, and about as nn- ! approachable a young princesB as it has ever been my lot to bee; her people have an acC0unt with the governor, and I met her the I other day, but I don't presume on acquain- ! i tanceship, as it is most probable my lady h racks her banker with the coffee-coloured' servants, who tumble down in reverense before her dainty feet when she queens it at heme. So close your eyes and guard your heart while there is yet time, .like a sensible ieiiow!" The pleasant drawling voice fell on my ear, but I paid small attention to the wards it spoke. Who woald have heeded them with Evelyn Fortescue's face before his eyes ? I had seep many beautiful women before now. For in that matter all men with eyes in their head are equal, bat never this j w c girl s equal. You have seen her face on the Academy walls. Millais did his best to reproduce its proud beauty. You know the lustre of toe dark velvety eyes, the curve of the small scarlet lip B, the perfect oval of the face. But I am talking nonsense. Yon did not see her sitting like some vision of saperb unconscious loveliness within a few paces of you, or jour face would have flashed, your heart beating and gone out to her as mine did then. Aye, in spite of every argnment tbat reason c juld scrape together, in spite of that confounded blotted old lfedger and the hundred a year, always spent before it was due. How long I should have stared owl and fool like in the same direqtion I don't know, bnt Fred touched tne 6n the arm, and looking round I saw, not the mocking smile I waB prepared for, but . a disturbed, almost frightened look in Ids steady eyes. "Don't start, Erricgton," he said, in his jsoal Qiiet way, twisting the programme he held between his long, dim fingers. " Don't move or speak, but just look at the ceiling." Obediently I raised my eyes. Shall I ever fcrget the horror of that sight ? Right round the circle of the great glittering gasalier, set like an immense jewel in the centre of tha vast domed root, saw a red and increasing ring of flame, from which little jets of smoke were now Deginning to issue. "They must see it in a moment," Fred went on rapidly, still bending over the paper, 8B though be spoke only of the singer named there. " It is a marvel they have not seen it jet The managers have; they are on the rcof now. Pray heaven they get the doors well open and the passages clear before the rnsh comes." He paused significantly. I glanced at Miss Fortescne, and my heart stood still. I knew " Fire!" with a horrible shrillness, a maddened fury, the terrible cry rang ont, and then, as though in answer to some dreadful incantation, the scene changed from one of calm enjoyment to something worse than a b a ^ C T ^ ^ ^ and_ women m>ni«i Beemed possessed by so many devils. The selfish impulse reigned rampant and alone, brutally pushing and striving ouits ontward -way, trampling down women aad crowds pushed on, choking each entry, and rendering escape impossible to all but the strongest, the shrieks of the women grew more piteous, the curses of the men loader as the fire glowed more hotly, 'and a gush of blinding smoke added to the horrors and the - dangers of the men. The hall was about half- cleared now, though by the cries and trampling sounds - that reached us we guessed it to be the hall only. The passages and stairs were crowded. I looked across the narrow rows of chain that divided us, and saw with a sharp ridicu- - Ions paDg that Evelyn Fortescne was still there. The old lady and the blonde hand-- some man who had been her companions had vanished, swept from her side by the surging crowd or oblivions cf her iu a selfish care for their own safety. Whatever the , caUBe , 8he ^ ^ no* alone, and apparently undaunted by her position. With the mantilla of lace thrown over her dusky head,' with determination in her steady eye- and set lip, and a flush that was more than the reflection of the ruddy flame above upon her check, she was threading her way step by step through the abject shrieking wretches who surrounded her, and making for (the nearest door. She Jiad reached, she was about to passthrough, when a cowardly honnd—I cannot call him a man—saw her i&tention; saw, I suppose, some vacant place, sprang before her, and pushed her back with such violence that she staggered and fell—fell in the midst of that maddened trampling crowd! I don't know, I never shall know, how I managed it. I daresay I was crueller than the cruellest. I daresay I trod ruthlessly on all who stood between us, but I reached her side at last, and dragged her senseless, but, thank heaven, nninjored, from that terrible seething mass. By Prescott's aivice I made no farther effort to advance. We drew up closely to e wall, shielding the unconscious girl as well as we could from the crowd, and there e waited our fate, " Ere ' long we saw the wisdom of the course we pursued. The crowd cleared away, leaving what dreadful relics behind I need not say, every one haa read the story of that dreadful sight We led Miss Fortescue, still weak, trembling, and incoherently gratefal ont into the starlit' night we had scarcely hoped to look upen again, and took her home to her guardian's charge. And that is all. An hoar's incident is to change the whole current of my life. Makeme forget my lowly state and dream—No, I trill dream no longer. Gratefal 2 Heaven bless her. Yes, she ia gratefal enough, too grateful for my reason or peace of mind. She sought oat my mother ana won her heart, won from her that old world story w of our our past pw granaew, grandeur, oar our presen* present S J S S S ^ ' t l S f f i t g me to balls and soirees, where no one inthe least wanted me, and where. 1 found bat a sub-acid sweetness in her fitful friendliness, her changing regard. She has tried to benefit ^substantially, too,toimprovemyposition with the governor, but I. would hare none ol that, and so I told her, angrily or awkwardly I suppose, for her face grew -quite white'ana ' then fluBhed a lovely red. " . "You are right," she B&id; with a sort of prond meekness. "I will never interfere again." Ob, heavens; why had she not twopanoa ayew or I twehty thousand that I might wha ^ t * a awlIU 10011 a m And last night I dined at her guardian's. The blonde deserter, who sees the folly of my appearance in such exalted company quite aa clearly as I do, who is her guardian s son, a - captain in Her Majesty's hussars, and aB insolent and brainless a puppy as I have' yet had the pleasure of meeting, made' himself consistently disagreeable through the dinner, and Evelyn herself waB scarcely ' friendly until juBt the very last. Then I was • standing by a small side table at one end of the long drawing-room, idly turning over aa - elaborately gilt and decorated book of " Confessions" when I suddenly felt rather than . saw that Evelyn ForteBcue was beside me, ber dark eyes fixed on the book I held. " Your confession," she read slowly, " does • hold yours, Mr. Errington ?" "No, Miss Fortescue; I do not believe ia onfession." " And I do! I believe its power for good o be illimitable, that is from friend to riend, not from penitent to priest, who nows what hearts it has saved from breakng, what misunderstandings it has set right." She spoke low and passionately under cover - f a noisy piece of music then performing, er eyes glittering like angry stars from the ivid beauty of her face. I did not answer. She caught ap the confessions" and opened them.' " Your favourite hero," she : read out mobk- - ngly, "tell me yours Mr. Errington ? No, I . ast describe him for yoa. He mast be >i& muscular, incapable of bodilyiear, for I now yon set no store on moral courage, - Ia t net so?" I looked at the bright questioning face. hat did she mean ? Was she tempting me "It mast be so, since Miss Fortescue says t." "Oh! Miss Fortescue is often wrong. ou are a hero yourself. I owe yoa my life, y—oh, do not be afraid of my praise; your eroism is. not that which-contents me, or hich I most admire. Yoa would risk your ife, shed your "blood in a world-applaaded ause. ' You have not the proud, patient, : onrage that would make. fou follow the mpulse of your heart, though' you knew it to e an bonest one, when men might misin- • erpret your motives, possibly even mock at . pn. Do you know that I go fiome soon, Mr. rrington?" "Homey' T V "To my own dear home I .Yea, I have friends, but one home-;thia --With disdainful glance round the handsome lnilbouse, _ , Captain Penthyn. She broke off and moved eo quickly from . my side that I looked round in some bewilderment. On thlB other fide of the oval table stood Philip Penthyn, with a darker scowl than any but a recently rejected saitor ould venture to wear in Reneral society, spoiling the beauty of Ms insolently handsome face. Meetingmy ejehe madean attempt at supercilioue smile, which faded away m a sickly and malevolent Erm, the blonde deserter has evidently been deserled ln his turn, and takes the desertion yery.much toheart. I still stood listlessly by the table, staring, with unseeing eyes at the books and pictures crowding it. hoping, yet fearmg, that E«lyn ould again appboaoh 'when Fred Presoott &me; up. " Time to go, I think, Errington,' 1 he said, n his soft, slow drawL And not sorry to the awkwardness of my solitary state broken through and my mind made ap for tne I hurried through my «*ieuB, and followed in his wake down the staii e. We had not got more than half-way down tbe street, Fred had jnrt URhted h& cigar, and was puffing forth soft spiral wreaths of smoke and languid criticisms on the "deadalive sort of evening we had got through," when another footstep th&t; had been following steadily on our track suddenly chimed in with ours, and to my great surprise I saw th&t; Captain Penthyn had joined as. I fancy be had been drinking, for his face bad the un- natural pallor, his eyes the fixed glassy stare, rarely seen with a perfectly sober man. "Mr.—er—Errington," he began stiffly, *' I have—er—a few words to say to you." I bowed. What else could I do ? though I -dreaded the purport of those words, and -would have given much to stop their utterance. " I am glad that Mr.—er—PreBcott is with jou." (Fred acknowledged the allusion to him by a cool, prolonged stare through his eyeglass.) "It is as well that there should be a witness to my—er—warning." " Warning! CapUin Penthyn » "Yes, warning, he said doggedly. LiOok here, sir, you have been mv father's guest. Why, heaven knows he doesn't usually pick them up in Bank parlours, and so 1 won't say what I think of your conduct; bat you Bh≪ Iilay no more tricks, in his house—sneaking after a lady who"-— "Stop," I cried imperatively. Pressots laid his hand on my writt as I spoke. " Hush, Errington; don't you see the man iB drunk?" Low as the words were Philip Penthyn caucht them. "Drunk, ami?" he echoed fiercely. Not co drunk that I can't see through you, aye, and spoil your little game too. I)on t come to curbouEeagain, Mr. iSrrington. We decline the honour of your acquaintance, Miss Fortescue declines the honour of your acquaintance, or If she doesn't she muBt cultivate it somewhere else. ]Now you know what you are to He turned to go,' and turning touched against me with Btudied insolence, with such forde that the lighted cigar 1 beld flew from my hand like a falling star in a balcony full of Sowers. I was a fool, I know; but passion nas too strong for me ; my blood tingled in my veins. I clenched my fist, and the next minute Captain Pentbyn's face -stared up white and wild from the unsavonry .gutter.' I need not dwell on the row that followed; In fact I don't remember much of it, though Fred Preecott's parting words haunt me drearily enough. Well, you've done for yourself now, at any rate, J&rington.;" "Done for myself! Well, I suppose I have; she is scarcely likely to be won in a boxing match. However, the ghost and I have had it out now. She'll be gone soon, and then •—r. Well, then, I hope I shall earn my hundred a year more honestly than I have done to-day, for it's time to be off home." Hoine! This is borne, but matters are even worse with me than I thought. My ghost pursues me still. This is the homely, familiar room in which I have eaten so many hasty meals, toiled through such mountainous piles oi figures, and dreamed such frantic •dreams. The tire, light leaps. with. the eld welcoruirg movement upon the barely covered walls, the old grey cat curls up- upon the rng, the canary chirps in the recess of the window, bat it is not my mother who comes timidly forward to greet jBC. •» Miss Fortescue," I cry. and then some- -thing in her pale face and dark seriouB eyes seems to stop my speech. I Mri Errington," she answers gravely. " I am leaving England at once after what occurred last night. I have heard it all you see. I knew you would not call again, so I came to say goodby." I took the little hand she extended, it was cold as a stone. " You go at once, then," I repeated awkwardly enough. " At once ? Did Captain Penthyn tell you why my guardian's house was no more a home for me? They are cruel there now. They cannot forgive me that Philip is not my hero—Philip," she laughed melodiously, -"who left me to bum, to be trampled to death. Ko matter; I did not come to speak of that, i'cu did not desert me, Mr. Errington. Is there no way in which I can show my gratitnde to you before I go?" Something in her look, in the tremulous tone of the Ja&t; words, seemed to break down all my resolution and reserve, to force tae into speech against my will. " Forget what I am saying. Von can do more for me than t hat. Captain Penthyn did well to forbid me your presence. He guessed that I wab fool and madman enough to love _J!0«." Ko acsartr; but the dark beautiful head bends in the firelight. I hear the quick thiobbiog of my own heart. I am ungenerous, cowardly, to plead thus and here ; bat it is my last chance, and I must speak. " 1 who am penniless and worse,you call me brave, but I am a coward here. I cannot -decently cover op a pain thai you, that all the »o' (d, may mock at. With all my heart and soul I lore you. Shall I make my madness complete, and aek you to be my wife." " YeB." I could cot be mistaken, lowly as it was -spoken; tbe word fell on my ear clear, distinct, decisive, with something even of pride in its tote, and still I doubted the evidence -of my sen Be. " Evelyn ! For pity sake do not mock me now. Have I the ghost of a chance ?" God bless ber! She did not leave me long in ; doubt. - She came to me trembling and bashful, yet of her owp sweet will, nearer •and nearer, until I caught her in my arms and held ber fast. And then with her head upon my shoulder, her Bweet dark eyes upturned to mine, she whispered shyly and with many a flitting blush— " No, for it IB chance; no more a glorious, happy, and unchanging truth. But, oh! <3erald. if yon had let me go, if you had not been brave enough to grasp and hold that phantom chance, of which you were BO terribly afraid, it would have haunted you and me for ever." 