The Gilded Charm. [THE STOET OF A Sudden FORTUNE AXD a SUDDEN LOSS.] CHAPTER VIII.—CoKTDitED. "New York City," he continued, "is cot the village I should recommend to a man without dollars in hiB pocket. London, where there is an institootion, or a charity, or a hospital, or a workhouse, or a hot-soup boiler in every street, is the city for that gentleman. Fiji, pVaps, for one who has a yearning after bananas and black civilization. But not New York. No, gentlemen; if you go to New York, let it be when you've made your pile, and not before. Then you will find out that there air thirty theatres in the city, with lovely and accomplished actresses in each, and you can walk into Delmonico's as if the place belonged to you. But ior men down on their luck New York is a cruel place. •"1 left that city, and I made — — jty iu* way : Keith- I wm^ ^ Ma Bee the ol4 old ffolks 0ike T ^ ^® ee . I found oehindlong them dead, ^go and I L^gtonj was sorry. Then I went farther North. PVaps I was driven by the yellow toy hanging at my back. Anyhow, it waB only mx weeta after I left you that I found myself in the city of limerick on Lake Ontario. . ,, .. , "You do not know the city ot Limerick, I dare say. It was not famouB, nor wbb it pretty. In act, gentlemen, it was the durndest bbbegotten location built around a swamp that ever called itself a city. There were a few delooded farmers trying to persuade themselves that things would look up; there were a few down-hearted settlers wondering why they ever came there, aaOflW they would get out again; a®|Sra*ete a few log-houses iu a rowwhich called, themeolves a street. '• I got there, and I stayed there. Their carpenter was dead, and I am a handy man; so I took his place. Then I made a few dollars doing chores around." "What are chores?" " All sorts. The clocks were out of repair; the handles were coming off the pails; the chairs were without legs; the pump-handle crank; the very bell-, rope in the meetin'-house was broken.; You never 6aw such a helpless lot. I did not stay among them, because I loved them, but because I saw things." "Ghosts?" asked LaddB, still vith an eye to the supernatural. "No, sir. That was what they thought I saw when I went prowling around by myself of an evening. They thought too that I was mad when I began to buy the land. You could buy it for nothing; a dollar an acre; half a dollar an acre; anything an acre. I've mended a' cart-wheel for a five-acre tot of swamp. They laughed at me. The children used to cry out when I passed along,* There goes mad Beck.' But I bought all I could, and my only regret was that I couldn't buy lip the hull township—clear off men, women, and children, and start fresh. Some more champagne, Mr. Dunquerque." "What was the Golden charm doing all this time ? " asked "Laddk J " Thst faithful insect,Jur, was kfttiging around my neck, as when you were first introduced to him. He was whisperin' and eggin' me on, ibec&use; he was bound to fulfil the old squaw's prophecy. Without my knowing it, sir, that ^prodigy of the'warld, who is, as alive as yoa air at this moment; will; go on whispeifin' till such time as the rope's played oiiVand the smash comes. Then he*lfbe: sSeiit again." , r " He apoke with a solemn earnestness which impressed , his hearers. : They looked at - the fire-proof -safe with a feeling that at any moment the metallic insect might $pen the door, fly forth, and, after lidvering round the room^ light at Mr. Beck's ear, aM-jBegm to whisper words of counsel. r Did not Mohammed have a pigeon ? And did not Louis Napoleon at Boulogne fcave an eagle? Why should not Mr.'Beck have a butterfly. "The citizens' of Liraerick, gentlemen, in that dismal part of Canada where they bewail their miserable lives, air not it-people who have eyes, to see, ears to hear, or brains to understand. I saw that they' 'were walking—no, sleeping—over fields of incalculable wealth, and they never sMpected: iThey" smoked their pipes and ate their pork. But they never saw and they never suspected. Between whiles they praised the Lord for sending them alool like me, something to talk about^nd^ome-, body to laugh at. They wanted tp know what was in the little box ; they sent children to peep in at my .window of an evening, and report what. I was doing. .Thejr cepdrtad 1 that fFi wad always &oi4gjth0ia;^, ijiin&; laliivaja with a map of Limerick City and its picturesque and intereertin' . suburbs, staking ont the ground and. reckoning up my acres. That's what J did at night. And in the morning H looked about me and wondered where I should begin." . " What did you see when yon-looked about?" " I saw, sir, a barren bog.. Xf it had been a land as fertile as the land of Canaan, that would not have made my heart to bound as it did bound when I looked aoross that swamp; for I never was a tiller or a lover of the soil. A. barren bog it was. The barrenest, boggiest part of it all was my claim; when the natives spoke of it they called it Beck's Farm, and then the poor critturs squirmed in their chairs and laughed. Yes, they laughed. Beck's Farm, they said. It was the only thing they had to laugh about. Wall, up and down the face of that almighty bog there ran creeks, and after rainy weather the water stood about on the morasses. Plenty of water, but, a curious thing, none of it fit to drink. No living thing except man would set his lips to that brackish, bad-smelling water. And that wasn't all; sometimes a thick black dime rose to the surface of the marsh and lay there an inch thick; sometimes you came upon patches of 'gum-beds,' as they called them, where the ground was like tar, and smelt strong. That is what I saw when. I looked around, sir. And to think that those poor mean pork-raisers saw it all the same as I did and never suspected! Only cursed the gifts of the Lord when they weren't laughing at Beck's Farm." " And you found—what ? Gold ? " " No. I found what I expected. And that was better than gold. Mind, I say nothing against gold. Gold has made many a pretty little fortune " "Little!" little, sir. There's no big fortunes made out of gold. Though many a pretty villa- location, with a tidy flowergarden, up and down the States, is built out of the gold-mines. Diamonds again. One or two men like the name of diamonds; but not many. There's the disadvantage about gold and diamonds mostly- .— c Like tho young gentteman m the parftble, tbey cannot dig, and to beg ^ ^ I t l the only occupation that they air ashamed of. Then there'e iron, and there's coals; but*you've got to dig for Lotdl Lord! This great airth holds a hundred things covered up for them who know how to look and do not mind digging- But, gentlemen, the Breatestgift the airth has to bestow die gave to me—abundant, spontaneous, eternal, rnthout bottom, and free." {To It ContinueiJ 