D)i(t Bacon Write Slialtc- si»ea»r«if A GUKAT LiTRltAHY ITlillQSY. (From the Scotsman of .7th April.) ' Did Bnoon writo Shokospoaro ?", mny scom nt first sight -to bp ono, oC lhoso puru- doxionl quostior.B that require: no nnswor. Yotit is a question /"which -tins often boon askod beloro by persons strong in tho belief that tho right answer is tho ulllruialivc. And now thoro is about to bo published on both sides of tho Allaritic. simultaneously a book which is, according to Baoouians, to set the question at rest. All-.. Ignutus , Uonnolly is tlie latest and noisiest supporter of tho Baeo- ninri authorship of tlio' Shakespeare plays.. For considerably' niora than a twolvomontli: mystorions stories have, been ' app'ea'nhg in American papers and olso'whorc ' declaring that Air. Jlouiielly VtWk'- itpoQ-a ' cryptogram " or hiddoniwritiiig, the Itoy to which die Had ,disoovel-od;'.iind by whioh ho had been ablo to lay baro.ii ebrisbeutivo nur- rativo. running through the .first, fo.io, and claiming, .among other, inter-, -sting stuff, that Francis Bacon wrote tlio "plays; Mr. Don nelly has bocomo notorious by anticipation. A larger. uumbor of transnUanlic; and even a few' cisatlantic, ontliusiristsl' have hailed- "tho Pago of Niiiingor us : thoy liaro already dubbo.l him. /from his rosidonco in a farmhouso on tlio ., Mississippi, somo twenty miles below St', lhul's— is the st-audard-bouror of a great literary 'revolt,' of which tho success is already ussarod; "Among Shakespearean scholars' at ' homo the i/umors of tho cryi-lograin havo been iot'eived with absoliito dndifforenoo,- or witli the superior Btnilo of incredulous sapience. r. Donnelly arrived last week in Loud on,' and is now on-, gaged in correcting proofs. Tlio book .which will bo ontillcd " I lie Great 'Cryptogram : Francis Bacon's Cipher in' tlio dbmalloil Shakespeare Plays,'! will bo published about tho 20th April. Advanced ' proofs of tlio work lmvo como into our hands, from which wo aro onablcd to givo our readers a prelimi? nary sketch of what M r. Dbnnolly's' book contains — a sketch only, for a detailed criti cism of Air. Donnully's work' would probably fill volumes, so exhaustive' is his troutment. of tho disputod question. W1IO IS lilt. DONN'ltr.TA' P ' Mr; -Ignatius Donnolly is a woll and honor ably known citizen of tho Untied States, cx-incuiber of Congress, ex-Sonator of Min nesota, journalist who liiis long boon ideu- tifiod with thu euuso of tlio peoplo nguinat corruption nnd monopoly. He is a nativo of Philadolphia, and is now about' 55 yaars of age. ll'o is married, 'and Una two grown-up s -us mul ii married daughl or. Ho has boon a student of bhakcspciiro from his youth upwards. From tlio very first, !iF' appears, ho was inelinod to disputo tho authorship' of tho ploys, und attributo, thom to Bnoon.- 'Tho opinion grow with yeays, until it becamo a fixed conviction. Ono day it occurred to him thai, as Bnoon was .fond .of .ciphers and: hidden writings, ho. might, perhaps, lmvo put something into tho plays which he wroto under the .nam de nlume Sha.ospcare.. WHAT DONNELLY SEEKS TO TROVE. Tlio aim of Ali-. Donnelly is to nrovo (1) that Shnkosjioaro, tho man of .Stratford, ! did not writo tlio plays ascribed to tiiin ; (2) that Lord Bacon, QiieenElizaboLiTs Famous Lord Ifeopor, was tho scorct writer of ill i ' tlio plays whioh luivo sinoo pnssod under 0 tn'ikespenro's name. To proye thoso: two propositions ho («) brings unilor the roviow all tho known facts about .H lmkospouro and Bacon, as well as tho ovidoneo intornal and external ol the.. Ploys themselves, and of tho Baconian writings (b) sols forth what lie claims as his jspeciat contribution -to the controversy, a cipher narrative, i worked into tlio First Folio ; edition of Shakespoaro by Bncon, in which tho Lord Chancellor, dis tinctly lays olaim to tho Piaya as his own work, besides tolling many curiou stories about Sliakospenro (tho player), Queen Elizabeth, and others, stories, which the writton truditi -n of the ago has noL pre served for ns. It is on tho cipher that. Air. Donnelly lays tho chief stress.. It is vory o'.nborate, and it will probably .take yo irs, do- cording to tlio discoverer, ' boforo it can be successfully applied t j nil Hie Ways. Ho says:— "As, to tlio actuality of_.tlio cipher thoro can bi but. ono conqluSicn. A loug continuous narrative, ' running through many pages, detailing historical ovents in n prrL-ctly symmetrical, rhe torical, grammatical, manner, and always growing out of the sain numbers, employed in the same way, and starting from thesame or similar starting. points, cannot , be otherwise than a pre arranged arithmetical cipher ,. . . . Tlio key lioro turned, for tlio first timo, in tho secret wards of tlio Cipher will yot unlock a vait history nearly as groat in bulk as tho p'ays themselves, and toll n mighty story of ono of the gre test aud most moiiicntons oraa of luiman history, illumi- unted by tho irios'.'gifiod human being lhat over dw.'It upon tho osi-lli." WILLIAM enAKSSriA'RS DID NOT WRITE T1IB , . PLAYS. . , , : v, Air. Donnelly opons the bat'lo in vigorous slylo. Every Shakespearean solioliir is aware' how little is really, known about the real character and lifo of William Rhakesponre. His extraordinary knowledge of law, of ancient and modom history, of foreign languages, has always boon ailmittodly miraculous in one whoso only o duration had boon iu tho grammar school of b'tratfor.l-o i- Avon. Mr. Donnelly has, been at. po.uliar pains to rake up ovory pjssiblt grain of foot or fancy wlrch tonds to throw ilisirodit -'-n the r-'p utfl-1 uuMiorsliip of the Plays. Ho )ioint3 out that boforo litorary criticism .had tin-nod its lump upon the works of Slmko- sp aro tho writer was regarded ns a untutored child of nature i ' a druuknii savage"' (Vol- tuiro) ; " a iniin of no, education " :(Popo ; that lio " Warbled his ' native., wood-notes wild" (Milton); know' "small Latin and loss Greek" (Johnson)' "and so on. V Hut," says Air. Donnelly, " in tho last fifi.y yours this view-' is com-, plotely changed; 'Tlio crilica' world is now substantially agreed that tlio man who wroto tlio Plays, was ono of tho. most learned mon of tho world." In spitoof tho dictum of Ben Jouson, nil tho commentators now admit thnt lie hnd, both Latin and Greek. Knight, speak ing of tho tliroo Roman Plays, says thoy show ,"n profound, study of tho whole range of Roman iiisLorv, inoluding tho nicor details of Roiuan mariners"' which in theso days could bo gains 1 "hy'diligont reading alorio.'1 Tho snmo commentator finds ovidonoo that Shako- speaks hud studiod Pluto, and.roiinhlo , Shako- snoarian scholars havo' ex-p'reesed' tlio boliof that tlio writer had read dophoolos, Euri- pidos, Lucretius, Virgil, Uoraco, Statius, Oatul us. Ovid, aud other loss knowa classi cal uu'hors. A curious und valuublo contri bution to tho discussion is tlio unuotalod edition of Bacon's Proinus (a sort of common- placo book), by Mrs. Putt, tho, Faooiiiaii. Slio sliowo tlint a vory largo niimhor of tlio thoughts and quotations jottb'd down lioro as mqmorarida reappear- in. the plays,- oflon in oxaotiy tho same language, showing, Air. Donnelly thinks, "thut tlio writor of tho plavs must lmvo road, tho authors from whom Baoon oullod thoso sontoncos, or havo ihad aooess to Bacon's manusoript notos ; or thut ho was Bacon himself/' Sliukospoare'o knowledge of in nlorn languagos ' and litoruturos is also proved by internal ovttloiiuo to havo boon spacious nn'd minuLo Several of his plays aro based upon' Italian book-, wti'uli liad -not boon trauslatod into Eugli'li at. Hid timo IIo writes corrcot Fronoli iu, ninny of tho plays. There arc/also -.said' to bo evidences of un aoquaintaiico.witli'-dputiiBh' and Danish on the part of tho writer. And so - Air. .Donnelly" piles up tlio agony." 'IIo proves, largely, out of tlio inouths of ohakospoar.-uu soho'ars tliomsolvos, that tho writor of tho Plavs was a man of orploptodic knowledge, and concludes as follows : — "1 ho author of tho plays, whoovor ho may liaro been, was unquestionably a pro -' found scholar, nnd a most laborious student. Ho hnd rend in their own tongues all the great and soirio ' of ; tlie obscure wrilors of antiquity ; ho was' familiar witli the lungti- agoa of tho principal ..nations of Eurppa ; lu's mind had oompassod all tho loarning of hi time, and of prcoodiug ngos;; ho had poro.l over the pages of French, aud Italian novel ists ; ho iiad road tho philosophical ultor- uncuB of tho groat thinkors of Grooco una Romo; and lio 'had olosoly "considered tho narrations of tho explorers who wore' just: laying biro tho aocrots of now , islauds nud continents. 'It had been justly suid that tho plays could not '-havo boon writton without a library, and onu not, to-day bo studied witli- ouc ono. To tlioir Ipropor cluuidation , the learning', of tho wholo world' is necessary. Gootlio aiiys.qf tho writer of tho play3— ' lio drew a Bporigo! over tho ablo of'iiomnn kriowladgo.'" Mr. Donnolly tlion passes to tlio quoslion : Did AVi linm Shnkspero possess such a vast mass of informdtibn P— oouldhe luivo possossed it ? . : TUB ENVIRONMENT OS S1IAKI'EARU'S \- YOUTH. '' 'There is a c.-rtuui tono of personal aiu- mosity ruaniog through (ho chapters which deal with tho early environment nnd upbring ing of William Shakspearo, of, Stratford, which, to tlio mind of a fair roador, dulls tho odgq of much of tho criticism. Air. Don- n-lly wri csns if ho were speaking of a living 'onemy, and ra'tes up against 'Willi-un Slialc- BDonre ororylhing that id discrcditublo in tlio eyes of modern moralists. Ho argues that tlio- lives of tiic common poople of tlio limp wore "eonrso, barren, and unthrifty." Ho slioivs that Sluksponre's whole family wcro lilitorat.'. His ta her "signed witli a mark. Evon his' d.iuglitor Judith wu9 allowed to grow up to womanhood without boing nblo to read or writo. Ho quolos from a Shukspen- reati scholar (Halliwoll - Phi. lips tlio admis sion that " tlio dirty littlo liainlot of Rlrat- furd " was a bookless neighborhood." -Ho- priints out that English was probably not taught in Stratford school at all iu Hlink- sporo's time. Thou ho rakes up tlio stories of Shakspcaro's early apprenticeship to the trade of butcher, or of wool-dealer; his drinking bouts with the " Bidfrn-d topera ;" ilia . forced liiurringo witli a woman oight years his senior, who was at tho timo- prog- naut by liim ; liisvenisou'und rabbit raids on Sir Thomas Lucy's preserves ; and his final flight -'to London iu 15 IG or 1587., "To London fled all tho adventurers, vagabonds,- ' and paupers of tho roalin, 'Thoy gathero'd around the playhouses, 'l'heso wcro rudo 'structure/, o;Jon to tho heavens —sometimes the roofliiss yard of a tavoru served us tho theatre, ' and a rough scaffold as the stage. Here tho ruffians, the thieves, , tho vaga bonds, the apprentices, tho piuips, und tho 'prostitutes assembled — a stormy, dirty, quarroli one ui-.tltitudo. Hero William 'Shakspoare came. ' Ho was, wo will onn- ceJc, bright, keen, and aotiv--, intent on getting uliead i'-i the world, foud of money, but poor as poverty, n d ignorant nsibnr. barism. IV hat oould lio do ?" He boo not: . a.favorite horso-holdor,. then a. calLbov in tho theatre, aad finally im itotor in minor- parts, -such ns the Ghost in " Hauilut," and old Adam in " As You- Like it." Thoro was little room hero for- studying fiend and living languagos, arid poring into ' tho an tiquities of Grooco and Uomo. Yet -six /rears, aftor lio fled Trom Stratford is publisliud " Tho Vonus and Adonis," a work ubovo nil finished and classical iri ils hty'o ; and Mr. Donnelly is of opinion that "Hamlot" aud othor Slinkspcaroan plays wcro on the stago before William ShukBpoaro had over soon Lon don 1 What, then, our reader miry ask, does Air. Donnelly wish us to boliovo? How did Shakspearo. of Stral ford, make. IGb living'antT ri-o to Buoh worldly prosperity -as. wp know ho finally attained ? Mr. -Donnolly makoa' tho audacious answer that: ..if ' 8ilAKSFBABll was a usurer. In support of liiscoritoritioa,'VIr.;Ponnolly. quotes irom it traot eallod "Ratsoi's Ghost ?" (1606?) a passage which - Shakspoarcans nre generally agreed refers to Shakspoare in which tho following advico is givon to a player " Thou shalt loam . ,. . lo feed upon all men . to lot nono feed on tlioc, to make ihy hand a stranger , lo thy pocket thy heart' slow Lo perform thy tongue's promise ; and when thou feolcst thy purso well lined, biiy thee some place of 'liriship iii the. country, tlmt growiug 'weary of pjuying, tliy money may tlion bring thee to dignity and reputation. Then tlioa neod'st euro For no 4hp'-, no,' not' for them that -before made thee proud .with speaking their words on f the stage." The- italics, of courso, aro Mr. Doriiidlly's.- and the inferences aro obvious." Othor crumbs of fuobs aro these : 'That tho only letter extant that is addressed to Slinks, loa'ro is ono bogging a loan of £30 ; the only two lottors extant which rofsr to Siuikspeare us a third porson refers to him as a monoy-lorider. In 159S ho lout Richard Quincy, of Stratford, £30 upon proper securi y. In 1G00 Ho broright a suooessful notion against u John Olny ton in London for £7. Ho is also 9aid to havosuod a Stratford man for '2s) lo mod. ' And in August IG03 ho proseou'tod John Ad'donbro'-o to' reeovor ri dobt ; of £6, and thoreuftor suod .his surety. Theso aro some of tho ' disagroo- ablo facts wiiich Air. Donnelly oitos in proof of his eontontion.that Shaksponro was a monoy-londer. Ho likewiso seeks to prove tlint tho " . wnn of Avon " did"a littlo browing in a quiot way wlieri ho retired to Stratford Ha further arguos tliat" Sliak- spouro's uttompt to procure a coat of arms for his fnmi'y and to ontcr tlio ranks of tho g m try was bucked up by " whoh-silo lying." Finally, ho points totlio last sceno of all, tho death of tlio man nl Hrutford, whiuli, according to tlio accoptcd tradition, occurred aftor a drunken bout which brought- on fover. , What evidence 13 llioro in such a lifo, asks Air. Donnolly, of 1 lio sublime inirid that ooncoivod tlio tdinkspeirean plays ? the lost library and manuscripts. A ehaptor is dovotod.to a. consideration of tlio questions — What became of Shakanoaro's library (I10 must Iiava had Bomo books), aud wlicro are his manuscripts? Did lie write no letters in that ago of letter-writing ? Air. Donnolly puts his caso in his usual " phiiup and plain " fashion. On '< no sido we have tho p'nye-T-vast, voluminous, and : immortal, covoring and ranging .through every depart ment of human thought. 'These aro tho works of Shahespeare. On tlio oilier side tho fivo signatures, three of tlioin allLcil to his will, tho othore to logal documents— tho. total remains of tho liundwriting of Shah- spore that ha?» oomo down to us. Mr. Donnolly, in his inoradulity, even, hints iu connection with - tho sign ituros that Shak spoare could neither road nor writo, but simply truood a copy of tho narao that "was aubniiltod to liim. Beyond theso- fivo scrawling, clumsy signatures, not two of whioh are spoiled aliko, thdre - is abso lutely no writing of: Shakspoare loft; no letters, no oommonplaoo : book;-. not a' frag meat of the manuscripts .of the plays, not even a oopy of a. favoriip, hook- with, tho ownor's signature upori its' flylonf. Yot if Shokospoaro was Sliakospoaro, the groat writer of the plays, would not any ratios of him havo b;on -carefully presorred ? In tho British Aiu mum thoy have the original manusoript copies ->f religions plays writton in the ago of Honry VI., 200 years before tho lime of Shakespeare ; but lliut marvellous eollcolion has not a lino of any of tho plays writton by tho author of "l.car" and "Hamlot." An imm-nse qtianlit.v of tlio manuscripts of Bacon arc also prasorved in tho British Alusoura. How wore Shakes- pimro's lost ? - ' (To b continued.) - 