",oreaehes grunted as though satisfied. but Ssome hoarse wbhipered commentse were ;ttered by the others, which meet have plunged all hands into a long discussion, h-d :'Sltone been impolitic enough to overhear "°-them. Soon again, however, the subtle sub "-duiug influence created by the little silent Sb:.?'bbad under the tarpaulin was felt by the men. Their thoughts went to the infant and they \- -spoke of him; then Martin Goldsmith re : membered a creepy and chilly story of an ':p: P entice who had been en orphan and war S-:put to sea by an uncle whom he had talked of =as an harsh and cruel man. This lad died !t 5hroegh'a fall from the masthead. They laid ': .im outand that same night an able seaman :named Moses Bogles, going aft to take the " wheel and passing by where the body lay, saw 1 the apparition of a female with her fingers flocked upon her forehead, leaning over the -'?body and enggesting by her attitude thba; sh ?:thad diecuvered whbu the boy had been, and T'was in wild anguish. 'Bogles was so frightened,' said Goldsmith, ' that he ran back into the fok'ele, woke up all bands, who carns on deck to see the apparition, but the "-figure had disappeared. Yet there was not 'the least doubt that Bogies had spoken the truth, for his sincerity was shown by the • effect the eight produced upon his mind. He had been a drunken swearing fellow before, but from that night he read the Bible regm larly and became a pious man.' Aneon, the ;cook, had also his little yarn to deliver. Areher likewise told of a ghost, and old Breeches, never to be beaten when it came to ..epinning twiOters, narrated in a gruff but \- otremulous voice how his mother had been visited in the dead of night by an elder brother of his, who came to the street door w; hen the snow was a foot thick with nothing on but a pair of drill trousers. ' There was a moon,' esaid Bill, ' and she saw his face plain. 'but as she'd only received a letter a fortnight '--fore-be was in the Royal navy, was Joseph \--saying that the frigate had reached Kings. t-: on, .Jamaica, and was like to be kept on that there station for some months, she was ;s.o confounded, not more by his turning up in that rig than by his turning up at all, that -:s.ohe tumbled down in a fit, the noise of which Slarming a lodger that had a wooden leg who slept in the back parlour, he shipped his leg "~-,and.come out, and seeing nothen but mother -.a laying in a swoond upon the mat, he share the street door and carries her on to a sofa, where, after a bit she rewived. Well, what happened?' said old Breeches, turning his Sface, dim in the etarlight, round upon the :"-men, the glistening of whose eyes was the :: 5only discernible point in their dusky coun tenances. ' Some time after she got a letter from the Admiralty stating that her son Joseph had been drownded by falling over board at night. in Kingston harbour, and it tamed out that at the very time he was i.s o- .. she knock came at the door, and ;.his mother see elm -... .ton ,hp. \- - But it was hard upon eight bells; S.tw had finished his pipe, and drawing himself up .with'a look round at the sea, he said, 'Well, we live in a fantas.ic world ; but there's no ,.usee a growling,' and with that he walked quietly aft, pausing a moment when abreast of the tarpaplin and looking at it, and then moving on afresh with a sigh. The men after talking a little broke up. The first watch •bad begun; half. the crew went below, the others, who had to keep the deck, hung together walking in twos and twos, one pair -:. in the gangway, another on the forecastle. The shadow of death was on the little ship, and where the tarpaulin was the darkness hung deep, and as often as the spot was passed the footfall was softened, the low v:oice .snk lower yet into a whisper. It .would be mere imagination, of course.; yet -i'the whole thing appeared as though accen : .tasted by the night; by the steady solemn ab urning of the stars; by the delicate swell : that underran the schooner with a melan. e,." choly respiration; by the parting waters stealing along in sounds of weeping; by the s:r. spectral wings of canvas slowly fanning the -: darkness under the glittering heights ; by the \--,:light moaning noises breaking out, from God \- knowsa whas part of the interior of the E_ _gliding fabric. Even to thee, 0 tiny fragment of human clay there had come the marvellous gift of death; the power of subduing to' the com pleion. of thine inspirations whatever the eye could bohold, whatever the ear could hear The wind shifted in the night.. It blew, but without much weight, from the -north ward. and the sun rose upon the Golden Hope' close-hau!ed, leaning slightly, three points off her course. -Forteecue, who, in accordance with his regular custom, had turned the key' in Agatha's door overnight with greater solicitude en this occasion than he had,before felt., for*he greatly feared 'the perturbing influence of the sorrowful events of the day upon her mind and the dominion _of sorrow not lees active in sleep than in waking-Mr. Forteceue on quitting his own Y;eberith lightly unlocked her door, and after S:: listening intently for some moments, knocked, -She answered by opening the door. She wae f :u!lly dressed, but had not yet bound her hair : mp; -it "was like a son-touched fountain S, raining down her back and over hershouldere, ! wondrously plentiful and most daintily rich Sandradisnt ; her beauty, pale and hard with ? mbelancholy-with such melancholy as would posees' a mind that was without memory, without a remembered past and the solace retrospection yields-met the vision of the lover with the novelty he would have found in a marble imag e of his darling. There was a: ,darknesse under the ever gentle eyes, a 'langour in the droop of the lids which told of n troubled night. He held her hand as he asked her how she had slept. 'Not well,' she answered; 'I missed my little companion'-her lip quivered. 'Why, that was to be 'expected, 'Agatha,' he said, calling her by her name. for there was something ni the stoniness grief had out into her face that to his sensitiveness repelled .the more endearing terms he was used to em ploy;' ' but time that heals all will soon ?secdstom you to the poor babe's absence.' She looked down as though she disdained a?ch an assarance as that, and said with -darcely -movng 'lips, like one- thinking loud : ' I caused his death. It woe intended it should he so. Why was memory taken from me if it was not meant I should be alone-alone !'. She raised her hand as though to press her forehead, but touching her hair she seemed startled to find it hengior wild -bouther,und with a faint blash of coifusion -he mie as thooghto close the door upon the clergyman. "sWill you come to the table to break fast, Agatha, or shall lI bring a tray bhere to \--- 'I will come to the table,' she answered. f,?•e.said' sftiol, 'The little one- willt' be at eleven. Is it yoar wish to bd she reponded, wIth an ussaesl Sbto he present.' . " . :0'r i .f'5iso'.e.msa a ·v , o t.hs h i ito tnthe ?i.SblMo tLhe- little ? :o?.?tt?_ ,tlnd:to bear the gaze of the men, all of whom b'" d : aasembed. She camse' to-' the skD ta table when the meal was reody, but -ly" responded "very faintly and briesly to t Etrsim'e respectful salute, Seeing it was not' har humour to speak, Weeks felt silent him self. and; breakfast was got throenh with aescaroe more than half a dozen words between the~kipper and tir. Forteecna. Her manner was a blow to Weeks., who had been re hearing many observations of a consolatory character. The truth ile, he cesidered that William Stone had enjeyed too lerge a share of the privtrege of advising the clergyman and aemonising both him and Mism Fox as occua lon required. . He felt that his own parts in \- this rsee twodld remain unimagined if he I. - .. thh e .. s , , adi; d had igt*sn bhd e eplaton whioeb foted. S?rm .doniu his watch on deek' o hbli .ifomenmo hlew. Howeaur ,there ? .. be',efor it The f onwp,, l'he, orse hu Aasgao 'star and bearing thit bad eve in F:orlsesce the faipaweloied' ines he had higbesto called be nyir ?L ' u i .s?tnl felt by Weeks also as he ..' s~ae; with ab hst ogle of her from' time to time out of the co?ner of one pr6trading Whens bi?arkfit' was over she rose quietly, S neerthe elersgmn to say, ' Will you .Ylt me know when I am to come on deck for Therepon sherat-atcalght to her berth.' Se ar:eeahir dlng a'eiets oa his beopas-like looked intentlyat Forteenl,, a thouh' dIbstli hethyche ahoeld speak; but is wa ieasp i hlto h hirm to rss hs ae.oneA stil. * Healad,:ln~ hafahressw'kwhlpeaste •Neier could hsws.bllsvsd..air, she had ep' ,5nito.thsth.tth sohlmb ld, 5le:.a s i-eel own-"mother;-the'~drawnimpn'n it couldns habye aused her more grief.. Pity it happene4 sall thti? way.d6wn'here.. It wolnt so'tmuch matter itthiessoere :had lilllsn 'uponi her ,hen we was even within a:,wesek'p all 'of England, for then there'd be all the interests of the shore close at hand to smother down her lamintations a bit, end,! maybe, as Bill Stone thinks, to give, her back her memory, in which case the jorybe'd find in recolieoting o se.and bebolding once. dgain all them old watrIacltne, which '?iaoase'now ýerosive. would make this melancholylitrle j .o m small enough, though eauch is the natural gentleness of her heart that I don't mean to suppose she wouldn't always find it affecting' Fortescue had too sweet a nature ever to show impatience at the good intentions of others, no matter how distressing might be the form they took; but Agatha had inspired him with thoughts infinitely too deep for utterance to such a man as Weeks, and with fancies and fears which made him recoil from the mere idea of talking about her. Weeks's ambition to shine as a philoseopher and a moralist must therefore be baulked again. The clergyman, with a bit of com monplace on his lips, which, strive his nac~ost, he could not force into a smile, went to his berth, and Hiram passieg the back of his hand with a long sweep over his mouth, and a slightly crestfallen look, fitted a mole. skin cap to his head and climbed on de.k to relieve old Stone. The morning passed quickly. It wee now a quarter to eleven. The men were below in the foreasetle, cleaning themselves for the c-remony; the young seaman; Joe Hall, was I at the tiller, and Stone. in his Sunday clothes, paced the deck with a sober, pious look upon his face. The schooner, heeled to the extent t of a strake by the breeze, was sailing quickly but without noise, for the sea was smooth, and what small billows the wind set ruoning I were but little more than large ripples with t curls of foam flashing out of their heads here I and there, too light to break with sound 1 against the weather bow. The sun stood high I and swung with glory over the foretopmast- I head in unison with the elow breathing of f the ocean, which kept the vessel regularly t but very lightly swaying. The horizon went 1 around in ice-like sharpness of outline, for r the morning air was extraordinarily brilliant t and transparent, bearing the eye to the c nethermost horizon, whose distinctnses mogaified the capacions sphere of the light blue girdle, thus emphasising the loneliness of the schooner upon that spacious field, by f the immensity of the surface that trembled in glitteriage under the high and gloaming heavens. There was no bell to strike, but at 11 o'clook the word went along, and the crewwly aft, collecting at the gangway. whither one of them came-no other than William Breeches L -bearing under his arm a plank with the little body upon it. over which was spread the English ensign. One end of this plank he reeted ba the rail, the other he held. He was bareheaded, and kept his rugged, weother.seamed face bowed. They had, these plain merchant sailors, but little choice of clothes among them; their mourning moust be gottenout of polished faces and hair combed smooth, and clean shirts washed in salt water, and, some of them,. canvas trousers whose tarry stains defied the scrub bing brush and the lee scappers. They were P.u Jg.. iJoined by Hiram and Stone, theh ormere, dike hi.- mae, otad s.bie. best uit. Upon the skipper's long, gaunt, yellow ruse; grief, of a mute-like bpe, wan nicely colca lated to sit becomingly; but had he been act ing aorrow all his life, no expression of it he could have assumed would come near to at likeness of the manly, pathetic honesty of feeling you saw in his eyes, when, after letting them rest for a few moments on the little burden, he turned them upon the deck at his feet, gazingso. till he had tautened his wide mouth out of the twitchings in the extremities of it.. In a few moments Fortescue came out of the companion with Agatha. . The clergyman took his place close to the body. The men backed away a little to make room, partica. lasrly leaving a space for Agatha, facing thet gangway. Her face was painfully white; the I most ignorantglance would have traced the marks of the grief the lone of the child had impressed upon her. The hollows in her eyes were noticeable for the darkness in them, and for the aspect of illness they gave to her. It was difficult to look at, her and not observe the fading that had happened in twenty-four hours, without guessing that there had been an artificiality in her island bloom, in the warm flushed tropic glow of beauty that had amazed Forteecne to see in her, and that had lingered scarce unimpaired down to the last week or two, when it began to dim to her secret fretting. She fixed her eyes on the ensign that covered the plank, and .seemed utterly' insensible to all things but the. fancies that came to her from the outline defined by the thin bunting. The sailors looked at her slightly ; their respect was too strong to suffer their glance to ap proach a stare, and then again it was a moment to subdue them and to sharpen their natural regret at the loss of the little one whom' they had watched, talked to. and learned, to love, into briny pity and a rough sort of grief. Still they could not help peeping at her, for she stood near; her colonrleesness and fixed gaze, her still, rapt poetare, invited their regard. It is true that Archer had cleared their minds of the super stition she had excited in them, but the memory of the fancies toeyhad had about her recurred. This was the girl, some of them thought in their own rude tonngue, who had been beheld by that clergyman yonder, when at a distance of thousands of miles from her, kneeling upon the shore of the island, then rising and appealing to him to come to her ; from whom sickness had fallen as a garment after memory had been shocked out of her by brutality ; whose past bad blackened upon her mind and was as dead to her as the infant upon the plank there, though in sleeping she could recollect, and standing under the starlight at the rail of the schooner look acreos the rounded sea to England from the Indian ocean, and talk with her lover as if he were there instead of being at her side, and appeal to him as if there were no sanity for her but :in slumber, though when she opened her eyes in waking she turned them like a blind woman upon him I The schooner swayed gently; at every man's foot his' shadow swung, and in the panie that fell, whilst Forteecne opened his book ere raising it to read, you would have heard nothing but the innumerable whisper. Ingsofthe water,'delicately seething and softly sliding past, as though there were spirits over the side answeriog in faint notes the mutffled' questioninegs of the winde that hummed like the buzzing of flies heard afar amid the complicated cordage, and past the bolt ropesof thbestedy cloths., . Mr. Fortescue began to read.' It was a familiar officeto him, and his voice was low, steady, and sad, b?at weet with cultivated utterance. The moment he c'ommenced. Breechs quietly pulled the ensIgn off the little hammock, ready for the final lancbh. sinea he could not imagine when the worde ooeld he given; hawing but the very leideret acquo.lutauce with the burial mer. vice, and therefore seeing ' everything clear.'. as a taes csailor shbould, nuder all circum stances It was noticed that a' shudder wrenched Agatha from head .to foot, that her ingers closed into the palms as if the nails wrlnld'cot the flesh there, and that shabe let.a breath flr yfro?n her ina passionatesite lghat wasm like fainttcr to those wp'stood nearest when the hatng 'sL exgots ; other. rooted upot the-little body. But it was indeed a sight to melt any heart Never had the blue of heaven looked down upon a tinier hammock. In it' littlenos mainly ,lay the.?.ypeel that stirred Itbm' men when the old seaman laid bare the meliute ocean shioud. 'Old Stone's eyes were wet. Hiram folded his arms tightly aeross his breast ind hai hbi head, and Archer, aftera short look' at the.'baby outlinei, turned his heed awide with his bsand ovsr the face Mr. Forteecou continued eding.elowly, with a thrill running through his voiceas for a moment a-he lifted bi eyes from the book sand directed them st the plahnk, but old Stone was ?s erred to sa?denly sqoensei. knhickle ihto his eyes and regard 'gatrha sakant, but with a steadfist wa chflness ol ga.sethat must.2have made you se his mind wu.whollyoff the funeril, and that he -as thining of noshing bhat what he looked A change bad come over ber. too She had br.aka away from. her intent stare. a the by, and was now'garing at Mr. Formeecue with .siguPlar expresseon slowly entering her fiae. sod stirrint in every twoteh and line oI it, ad gradually dating her eye and lift. ing her brows like alow poison. of madness working in her brain. No one appeared to notice this but Stone. Mr. Fortece read: ' We therenfore som unithis bod(r(the dep. to heb tumed,inteo .whidi ,the -old zm instantly undestood With ia cick movement he redsse i esd of the plaikt and tlhe lny whibbe :haiamok flaeshed from the cail l ike a bird of sno.w aurt,+r. but the g waler s .neg,e lea' ·'i:?U+?obl em. sad w s.e, , pli.si wRiilr e. dl aat~i Jisaaeselh~r It was gone;, ymbolising the vaniehment of She lit?le:oee ins a manner fietruty tii d'epen the hope.expreina ii d.:hei wods" ':looking for the resurrection of the body (when the sea shsll'give ael her dead), and the life' of the world, to, comei tbroagh our "Lord Jeens Ohristi!' ,,., iu" Ii! · . The clergyman was proceeding,. solemnity gathering in. his rich voice now that the plank had emen tilted, and the feeling was tse nameles listtle stranger that had come to them for. their love and ministration was at S.ra as ,?aPae, and in the bosom of Him who had called him; whed naeaeera Bs.ana cried aut, ' Mr. Fortascue, look at Miss Fox, eir l' She was standing as though transfixed, with an expression on her of wildest as tonishment, that of its own emotional force had given a colour to her face. Her eyes were opened to their fullest extent. It. was as if a spirit moved before her-something that had at first filed her with amazement like horror, though the terror was pasling, and the lustre of delight was dimly sifting through the aetonished, half-incredulone, bht!fterrified stare that she had fired upon her lover. She tottered once or twice as if she would fall. She sought to speak, but her lips turned white at the eff-rt, and' her throat crimsoned as with strangulation ; but ere Mr. Fortescue.could spring towards her she had uttered his name, ' Malcolm t at Iarst in a choking cry. but then ' Malcolm 1 Malcolm! Malcolm ' thrice, in shrieks; and with a leap she was upon his breast, her oands locked round his neck, her head upon his bosom. ' Agatha.' he cried, 'won know me at last. Your memory has returned to you ! Beloved one, cill me again by name !' Her clasped relaxed..? She fainted. 'Tie the baby's doing,' said Stone, aloud, Looking round; ' she loved him, and be repays her by giving her her memory back. It come with the launching of the hammok,. I watched it working in her. Great God! how beautiful it is to think of a woman's happiness returning to her as a gift of love from the little 'nn she'd been as amother to!' and with working live and eyes again brimming over, the old man e'epped to the rail, and looked along the glittering farrow of the schooner towards the spot where the body of the little one had vanished. CHArrlt XLVI.-THE NeNw DAw.v. It was the girl's second swoon in twenty four hours, but this time there was a death linese init that grew terrifying. The ashen pallor was of the grave, and through the parted lids the white o[ the eyes showed like a corpse's. For a moment or two Fortescue alone knew she had fainted; then Hiram, seeing what had happened, sprang to help him, and between them they bore her below. The momentary transport of joy in the curate turned to terror as be leaned over her. loosening her drese, whilst Hiram' hurried for water and other reetoratives. She was palselese. Her bosom lay motionless as a piece of sculpture. He drew forth with trembling hand a little looking glass which he held to her lips, but it remained un tarnished. It was as sure as that the child was dead, as that the schooner was upon the sea, as that the heavens looked down upon all, that she had recognised him, and that her memory had therefore returned. Was it possible that the mad leap of the revitalised f-eItry from the tombin her brain in which it bae been Nysnwosa had broken her heart! Suadden joes, sudden griero.nhva'ee"-?a ..... to kill, but think of the power, the fae., of the emotions which must have eweptinto her with lightning swiltubes when the curtain was dropped from her mind, and her lover :tod before her ! Minute after minute went by. Cease!essly the curate moistened her brow, chafed her hand, did what he knew, with a prayer to God going up in every breath that left him; whilst Hiram, grasping a stancheon, .stood erect, mute, and waiting. Once Fortecune fancied that there was a faint stir in the arm he held; it passed, but it set his agitated thouhbts trooping along another road. 'Sup. pose, he seked himself, 'that when. she revives her memory will still be missing, that her knowledge of me shall prove but the momentary glimpse, of a' brain so wrought upon by the nerves' that its operation for the instant was like the control it had held over her when she 'walked in her sleep, and answered me, knowing my voice, and pleaded to me, visible to her sightless eyes ! A whole half-hour paesle, 'as full to the clergy. man of misery as a life time of suffering could have contained, and to the seaman stead fastly and silently watching of deeper anxiety that he had ever felt in the wildest weather at sea. Then on a sudden they heard 'a faint sigh, her fingers twitched, something of living colour entered palely into her white lips. A sigh again broke from her, this time like the respiration of one dreaming sorrowfully in sleep. She opened her eyes, looked strangely, about her as though her rest had been induced by a' powerful narcotic, until her eight coming to Mr. Forteaoue, an expression of wonder, delight, amazement, brightened in them, and she suddenly eat erect, crying yet asain with hands extended. to him, ' Malcolm I Malcolm! My Malcolm!' He took her in his arms ; he could not speak: his fall heart gave way and he wept wi'h his face against her cheek as he held her to him. Captain Weeks walked to the corm. panion and stood midway on the steps with his head outside the hatch, where. he was within'call, though he could not hear their conversation, and where he could act as sentineL Fortescue mastered his deep agitation after a little, bhut until he did so she did not move. She felt has need of couceal ing his face while he strove with his tears. and even in that marvellous moment .of the returnof her memory, and whilst still fresh and confused from her swoon, she soothed him with her cheek to his, and left the sweet pillow of her shoulder motionless for his comfort. But the inestntthe stirred, as if to lift his head, she started from his embrae,. and seizing his hands, fell back to the length of her arms with a long, searning, searching look at his face-a wondrous stare fir eyes so soft and gentle as here to fix, so full was it of astonishmentinquiry, passinate delight conflicting with incredulity and breathless amazement. ' Malcolm !' she said, in a low voice': that thrilled with the feelings which her eyeas looked. ' Malcolm !' she repeated, in a tone that deepened as it sank towards 'awhisper, i ist you,. dearest one ! is it ou., my own, from Wloe! Where am I? This is a ship; it is not the island.' SBb.e looked slowly around, labouring to master the meaning of what she raw, till she brought her- ees to rest again upon her lover. ' Malcolm,' she continued,' letting fall his and to press her forehead withagettre she had often used since he had been on board tbhe.schooner, ' have I been uleeplng Do I still Ileep and dream?'. Anexpression of terror now ewpt acroess her'faee, obliterating its bright D?x pression of intelligeiee, and she rolled her eyes hysterically. Fortesoe saw the task before :him.' He had a will that had eserved him well on more rhan oneoeaione He exaterd it to thrast down out of sight and emotions which had overwhelmed. him, and hie fne intellect went swiftly to work to consider how he should ot,. how he should. deal withth deli cate , bewilduing,- 'dangaro: '.problem' that.bathas' conditionnof mind' ubmlttd.b The whole trath mast areas her; he 'mast speak with the .tmost osausion, for the pre'ent,at.luast. ice..iL t twes possible that thefarulty of memory might prove weak and .eseouee a·Sem.v-ateto'sr sagi-stper wee' certain, at all events, that her recent swoon must to a degree have enfeebled her mind, which would require time and the growth of epirise in her, and ousnetartled preception of the happiness that had come back from behind the veil to recover its' old tone. S'Agathi.,' he' said, 'holding. nd' orsesing her hand, 'you have pased thidouh some ettreg' epetenes: bt it ie 'ell with us both 'now, tbhaks be to Almighty God. Have no fear. All that has happoeed is as nataral a.s sorrow is, or the hbiaing of the sau, or the darknee noon the esrth when the nighs comes. Yourclsar ese will pre seetly se? all:. She ianterruped him. "?aolm,'te Verlam was burnt at sea, and I Me placed in a bht, the only woman in It--siparated from my father. The boat was steee54 by he tbotawai' of the ship, a man nameArchesr, who dring our terrible -afferinge t'eated me with noble goodees., We 'rsched'n island. Thbe 'ma si ed me rom drowi? g ; f he bat wee oe·C· rt in the sart anud--and where r I now? Where I the Lsland!' TKere was a'ga·n a look of eoneteunaron sad amazement in her wide o not you remember,' he said, gently h octg to nearmmory aloile in ied-'that I came to fetch ou from the ien nthia' schooner. that i nl"di and fondroe aod. .buo.fou.?? oi. nd tei, sao hme to · deer, od Wi e4.sge f-ge. here to ki la'p betele hewt?ermemln. her. f1acertl, him dib, roL h.e:beed to remember !', and she frowned in the fierce stuggle with thosibi. - ' d d*ing'~' he said, still'speakiug very softly; aesslogithe trgh, * tell me.to; what polint doss "sour n?mofh carry' you.' ' She tookaberhand from his, nid leaned her temples upon her fingers, shutthing bet eyes. After a little she .said slowly, and with intensity : . '1 remember three men on the island. Ooe wee Arher; be was very good to me. He madea abed ina li•ttle cavern. o. suppliesi me with food and water-suah food as coul& t b no.t?-.-takn care that I should never want i mIremember-icrc .loalss of those days, the Constant thunder of the surf. thea t would sound like a roaring of wild beasts I when the night was still, I remember ! feeling ill--as ill! and dreading that I should I die before help could come, and that we e should never meet again, Malcolm; though I had but small hope that we should be resaoed, for I often heard the men talk of the island being out of the track of sbips-I remember that.' There was a pause. She repeated : ' Yea-I remember that. What has hap pened since?' Down to this she had spoken with. her 1 eyes closed, but when she asked the question i she let fall her hands and looked full at her I lover. For some moments he did not know i what to say. Is was as plain to him by her t manner as was the silver splendoor which a lay upon the skylight to his eyes, that the revivscation in her memory stopped short at t her sufferings upon the island, bringing e her down maybe-though he dared not inquire that-to her streanle with the seaman, and I her swoon out of which she awoke with her a mind blinded. All things this side, including. that straggle, were as dead to her as her previous past had before been. He believed so, at least; he could not look at her and r doubt it. The myeteri ius mehbaniem of the a mind had shifted its burden of darkness from I one side of it to the other. It was a marvel one s thing for him to witness in her, and he felt a numbness coming out of it into his heart, ( when with the rapidity of thought he con- c sidered that the recurrence of memory might be but a passing passiosnat effort of the soul ere it lapsed into a blackness that should i stand as a lifelong eclipse of all recollection h in her. C Steadying his voice he said: d ' My darling, you have passed through so li much, eo much that is heartbreaking even to 1F think of, it is not wonderful that memory in o mercy should hide from you a portion of the S sufforings of your shipwreck. Can you recall any cirecmstance associated with our pass t sage, so far, from the island? ' sae answered: f 'I do not know.where I am,' 'If I tell you,' he exclaimed, 'that this is a little sailing vessel bearing. you home to d Wyloe, can yon understand me' ,'Oh, Malcolm, yes,' she answered, with a t sweet smile. - ' Do you recollect,' he inquired, ''a French it ship asking as .if we would take charge of a nt little baby that her people had picked up at b sea?' 'No,' she answered, with a strained ex-' pression in her eyes. There was a shadow- t ing of tears, too, in the grey deoths, with' a c bint of renewed terror growing, He oroke off in the sentence he had conm menced, and cried out: fi ' Agatha, dearest one-some things have a happened which you cannot recall, but the true. the lovely. the sacred pact is with you I aganin.;.lwth o?0 with all its love and sn- c bshine., and hopes with' you ate 5-.,I who u conughst and fonnd you, thoneath you-knew me not, and for weeks have not known me till '1 this hour. It is enough for us, my precious noel God has answered my prayer. You I know me-you remember me-you can pro. nounce my name.' He flung himself on his knees, grasping c her round the waist, gazing up into her face S with eyes of moving adoration; while she, r potting her hands upon his hair, pressed her lips to his forehead, and, speechless for many t moments, they gazed at each other as though in a trance, amazement in her sleeping for awhile under the brooding emotion of joy, slowly perfecting itself with the perception 01 the reality of his beloved presence. Hiram, peeping down the companion way, saw them thus engroeed, and stepping on deck told Stone to keep clear of the cabin for the present, as though, for his part, he did not know much about love-making, he didn't need to be told that Forteacae and the lady were much too interested in the talk they had fallen into to desire to be inter rupted. - 'D' she know him?' asked Stone. 'Like one o'clock, Bill,' responded Weeks. ' Guy him his name click out in a voice like sleein':' - - S'I always said a little thing 'ad do it,' said Stone. 'A little thing he was, too. God receive him I as affectionate in his death as a holy angel, Hiram ; for take my word -for it, 'twas his love and gratltood for all she's done for him as guv her back her memory.' The old man senta wandering glance into the blue distance over.the stern. . S' Ye've made use of that fancy afore, Bill,' exclaimed Hiram, ' but I don't rightly follow it.' Stone looked over the side for a minute whilst he thought. ' Well,' said he, ' I allow it'a one of them fancies as must catch hold of the onder standing at once, because they're too delicate for explanation. There's a ,ood many ideas asis beat left alone if they don't make them. selves intelligible right out of hand.' ' Aye, that t.may. be right en-ugh,' said Hiram, 'but see here. Bill; I ain't a- fool, matey; and if a fancy's plain to you I don't see why it shouldn't be plain to me.' Now, old Stone exactly understood the t fancy that had seized him, bat when he came to rying to express it he was at a lops. As be would 'afterwards say, ideas frequently I occurred to him -when he was lying in his bank, or drowsily standing watch on a quiet eight, which seemed to him full of beauty nad poetry.- They were in his mind, and he was able to think them out, yet he could "ro more have expressed them in words than be i could have transformed the reflection of a n star-ioto the star itself. How could he nake Hiraa.understand; having no language ia which to share the notion ? His conception was that- the devotion of Agatha had been rewarded by the baby in his death; for the coming back of her memory at the moment; of the child's burial was like a sudden spiritualisaing of her, and God's presence having been wondrously visible in every pases" of' the " shooner's mission, why should not a miracle have been wrought through the instrumentality of the bairn-a mirnele symbolisine a woman's love and 'happiness -springng from the ashes of the nameless babe she had taken to her blinded hear?. and cherished? But Stone would not explain. He felt, indeed, that if he should attempt to do so he must flounder and per. haps desirojy to himself the fancy ?be wasI proud 'of, a?d 'reckoned as being" highly poeicalbecause it' wag hie own. So he got rid of the subject by asking Weeks what Agatha had said when she awoke from her faint, and'this induced a chat about the olereyman and Mis For, lnidente of the voyage, thse time likely to be occupied in rehieg home, end si forth, which put the men elbow toelbow, had set them patrolling the desk with a sense of Sunday strong noon thee, owing their being drsed. in 'their bt~elothes. whiles the schoonersltlllSoff her esare pushed swiftly through the dark'blue water. wiakh the shadowe ever swayingj, ike pendulumsh, rpe? her deck, and in the sh ijng bollowi.of her sails. Slo n.hoaur .pased. Forward the -'man had finished their.dinner, shifted into sheir old tarn rigs, and were at their varioas employments. The cook with sulky eyes frequently peered out of the galley in thi hope of iotimatlng by the exoression on his conutenmee that the cabin dinner was fat spoiling. Johnny came aft and wanted to know if he should lay the cloth; but had tha lovers ehoena to remain together for, the rest of the day, Hiram would not have had them diturtbed. At last Fortescu came on deck He wa pale, but thire was a look of peea andr qieit gladnees inhis face whiLah both Strmb aid d'Hiram .-instantly noticed. He approa~hed them and said: 'We lihai bed siefish enogb to oecupy the cabhin your exclusion. I finditis long past the dlnnerbour, : -'Oh. don't mention that, sir,' said Hiram. 'l iis For. is n.w. lying down,'. oi.lneoad the er~gman.:. I dounbt if say.girl ever went throughb more than she has, physically and mentally.' ... 'Sos hba ::her memoor, sir,' said Stone, respectfully. - 'Ay, Mr, Stone, thank God abe has her memoy,' exolaimed Mr. Fortbeecei It has returned to bar perfect Iowa to th.-drgamdfl eelsamassaoe that sauced br to lese it, bet of sllathot?.;.-es happe;s .. ie"es"''I ,i_, Nothlag l',xclanda Bted S .to n ..- ; , + . b.Nohia, ropated the ldmegymsn,wlth 'Gees. thder- esata.am, easi . :DoEat she rememhe our eiing to har o ti hseaa.slrt ist te .:.. a, . :,. - ..N , thatwheb fU ohrl,easjem,.,. I?I ?:.N4.'..l l' v r·,d d b e ,:-:,. ' Nor be.babyl Y, inquired Hiram, ins breathlesswayi.' - ''' - 'It is wonderfl --:wondeful !' exclaimed Forteecue, clasping his hands, yet it is 0o. She rqmembe~knothing, down to her swoon. ing'threebbur o." She has no recollection of the bby norof its burial which has jast akend place. It seem? incredlble Istepped into her beith before she entered it to conceal all memorials of the poor little one-happily, Mr.. Stone,. you bad aleady removed the sib--so that the light queetioms I put to her to test the memory of the baby, and of other incidents connected with the passage from the island, might not win a significance to Mherbntb t1 '.rost of he things I spoke to het about. I winaslI~lo , usps. WR h.ý you, Mr. Stone, to meake no reference to the child, nor to anything which has happened since we left the ieland, in her presence. It is best that she should slowly realise that the memory which ought to cover the past few months is a blank. There is nothing to scare her in this, nor to alarm me; indeed, I would rather she should have the truth in in my own version of it. It is, I take it, a apecial act of God's mercy that the horrible incident of her island life should be hidden to her for ever, and as a thing likely to keep her heart sad it is well, perhaps. Mr. Stone.' looking at the old man' with an emotion of affection kindling in his fine dark eyes, 'that the memory o our poor little baby should be sealed from her. Both Stone and Hiram knuckled their fore. heads in recognition of thclergyman'a wishes, and then Stone said: ' If she has her memory perfect down to the point you name, what more could she need, sir, prowiding, of course, that she goes on afresh from, this morning without any more stoppeges ' ' There's only this.' said Hiram, with a nervous look aloft and a- hesitating glance around, ' f Miss Fox has got no memory of this here worage, she'll never be able to appreciate the way we made the island she was cast upon,. nor the sailing of the holden Hope, and her behaviour in all asorts of weather.' ' Oh, but she will,' said Forteseue, miling. 'lHer present memory will enable her to preserve the recollection of what I tell her touching the voyage, and that being so, Captain Weeks, it will be my fault if ate doesn't fully appreciate the beauty of this lietle vessel, your skill as a navigator, and the loyalty and high qualitieso of orgreat-hearted oId friend here,' and he laid his hand noon Stone's shoulder. 'Well, sir,' said Stone, looking as though this condescendiong act of Mr. Fortescue would break him down. 'I can only say from the bottom of my soul I'm glad-I'm glad things have turned out as they have. I always felt as that a little thing 'ud do it.' 'Stone thinks the baby did it, Mr. For escue,' said Hiram. 'The lady's memory,' observed Stone, looking down upon the deck, 'a coming beck to her at the moment when the little hammock fl'shed' off •the plank into the water,' seemed to me as if.it wse the gratitood of the hinfant for Mtis Fox'e cherishing of him that did it Hiram here don't understand,' continued the old man, with a glance at the skipper, 'but that ain't my fault.' l understand,' said Mr. Fortescue, thought nIly, and obviously impressed with the rough tailor' fancy. Well, it's beyond my larning,' exclaimed iTram. slightly vexed apparently by the lergyman's ready apprehension of Stone's aon ' but a ship's fok'le ain't much of a 'potogse. are., you, Johnny !'?bLawuioa, 'bear a hand now with the cabin dinner. How's her head, Jim?' The course was given. SHal ' exclaimed Hiram. ' So she's come up to it. Bill,' said he, turning to Stone, 'if the trades ain't humming in our igging to-night you shall call me a farmer, and watch me pick me the hayseeds out o' my hair.' (T o a oNTIYUD.) 