A TIFF. It was their first serious one, for Mr. and Mrs, Dhsson wero a warmly attached conple, on whom two years of matrimony hod not palled, nor had the effect of lessening their aitecuon. Yet swcetfcst bells will jangle sometimes, nnd tho chords of tho humnn mind get out of tuno. Mary, the maid, began the mis chief Sho could not be induced to lovo early rising, consequently the breakfast was late. Mr. Daason, who had nn engagement, chafed nt losing n train, nnd Mrs. Dasson rebelled against the blame being laid on ber. Tbey parted in anger; hot words bad been said, cruel reproaches uttered ; the rolls and coffee left untouched ; Mr. Dasson stalking out of the bouse without his overcoat, and Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw herself on ber bed nnd cry stormily till her head nehed and her eyes were swollen. 44 What n fright I look !" sho oxclatmcd, when, an hour after, sho rose and caught sight of her wnn, tear-stained face in tho glius. " My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would I let them see mc in this state. If I told Mary to say I am ill, they would insist on coming up stairs; and if they should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled, thuy would spread the news far and wide. What shall I do? I will go out," she finally determined. "A long walk will relievo my head, and I should feel fit for nothing if I stayed at homo. . I am miserable, IIow could Alfred bo so unkind I" This ejaculation was followed by another burst of tears, but they flowed mote quietly, nnd before they were wiped away, Lela Dawson camo to tho conclusion that she had not been so frco from fault as she hnd declared herself. Who could bo more kind in gonernl, or more forbearing than Alfred ? And if ho had spoken irritably sho could not deny that her duty ns a wife was sadly ignored when sho retorted in the same strain. Bat ho had said— nnd then her bosom heaved angrily as sbo repented to hcrsolf his captions speeches. If she lmd erred, ho had been unjust ; nnd as for Mary— . Never had that culprit seen her young mistress look so ctorn as when she came down stairs dressed for walking; never boforo had Mrs, Dasson . so sharply lectured her I One phrase the lady murmured, in faltering accents, that filled Mary with remorse. " Your want of punctuality has caused rao great unfaappfucss." Her voico choked by a sob, Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand maiden, to whom she was invariably kind and considerate, quito conscience- stricken. , Tho park to which Lela directed her steps was not an inviting promenade, for tlio gravel was sloppy with recont rain, and tho shrubs half hidden by mist. However, aho persevered In pacing the roost sheltered walks till good resolutions camo to her aid, and she could return homo in a happier frame of mind Beforo doing so, however, sho went to a Bon Marche at no great distance. Sho had just remembered that Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers, Sho would buy him tho prettiest pair she could procure, nnd this gift should bo her peace-offering when thoy met in the evening. A showily-clrcsscd woman followed her into tho department oho visited, standing by her Bide while sho 'made her selection, and turning over the slippers- as if. sho wcro as- siating.Mrs, Daason in her choice ; but when tho shopman chanced to bo off guard, tbo horrified lady saw her appropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. On seeing horaolf observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod' walked away, saying, — 1 14 I'll wait for you "outsido." llut ere she reached the door an assistant, who had wit nessed the theft/sprang forward and dotaincd her. After a struggle sho was brought back to tho counter where Mrs. Dasson, terrified nnd disgusted, was still standing, and to tbo horror and dismay of the young wife, sho heard herself accused ns a confederate. Fortunately for her tho proprietor oE the emporium was quickly on the spot, and by him she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by his apologies, she would havo paid for her purchase and departed, but when sho put licr hand in her pocket her purac — Alfred's present on her birthday — was gone. Tlio polico now 'made their appearance, the thief was searched, nnd Mrs. DassonV purse found upon her. Satisfied at-lmvihg regained'possesaion of it, sho made another attempt to escape from a scone which she rendered intolerably pain- ful by tho howls and protestations of the prisoner. But her ovidonco was required; sho was the most important witness in tho case, and in spite of her absolute rofusnl to prosecute, and rxtremo re luctance to tako any part in the affair, sho was compelled to yield to the requirements of the law, 1 A cab was called, and much against her will, Mrs. Dasson was driven to tho nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day ; some local rejoicing had ended in ' a street row ; and bo many wore the rioters, so con flicting the testimony, that very faint and .» hiviilod uwcgiiiw ell. tho shoplifter was placo in tho dock. The painful ordeal of giving evidence against her was over at lost, and Mrs. Dasson frco to depart; but as, with tho nid of a policeman, sho was edging her way through tho thrpng hanging about the doors, n few words reached tier that mado hor heart stand still. "Tbo worst. accident thcy'vo over had on that lino," ono man was saying to another. "You8C6 it happened just as the train was full of city gents going up to their offices, I did hear that thoro was ten dead aud no end of wounded." 44 Is it— is it turc ?" gasped Mrs. Dasson to tho pollcoman who was piloting her. 44 And where. did it happen?'1. "wen, yes, mum, t'm afraid it's true enough I . A collission, you know, some-, wheres betweeu— "and ho named the station from which her husband travelled— 44 and the next. Happened about ninc-twenty, I reckon." Oh 1 agony that it wns to hear this !— to bo forced to tell herself that if her husband had gono earlier, as ho intended, lie would havo escaped. Sho looked so ill that tlio policeman civilly offered to procure a cab into which ho ' assisted her, asking whore ho should tell the cabman to drive. 4|To tho city," wnstho roply. And, accordingly, thither bIiq wa3 taken, trembling, weeping, praying; now yielding to despair, and feeling convinced that she should find her husband, at somo hospital frightfully maimed; now hoping ho had escaped injury ; but always haunted with a dread that ho was amongst tho killed. And they had parted in anger 1 Sho should novor bo ablu to express her patience and receivo his pardon, IIow should she endure life if ho was taken from her, or how forgire horsolf if ho woro among those who would linger out a miserable oxistenco crushed, crippled? But the cab was at tho door of tho office, and a junior clerk, catching sight of a pale, pretty faco at tho window of the vehicle, officiously rushed out . 'to . interview its owner. Mr. Dasson ? Ha hadn't been at tho offico all day. Believed tho governor had received a telegram — / . , Lela fell back- almost prostrated by this confirmation of her fears. . She contrived to- givc.tho now compassionate clerk hor address, nnd ho ' bade tbcv cabman take her to. her homo nq quickly as possible,' >. Tho door flew open, as sho lottered towards it, and Mary appeared, ho apron at heroyes. 44 Oh, ma'am, I'm so . thankful ; you've como 1" tho girl sobbed. 44 My. poor master I" Sbo threw open the dining-room door, and there, his arms flung out on this tabic, bis head resting on thom, sat Alfred .Dasson, his . hair dishevelled, his boots muddy; his clothes drenched with the rain that for the Inst two or three hours bod been' falling steadily. The opening of the door aroused him bo sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew towards him, and they wcro rapturously clasped in caeh other's arms, and Mary closed .the door upon them. Then he was safe — unhurt 1 Oh, Heaven " bo thanked I But wlicro bad bo been 7 Look ing for her ? Why, what was sbo to under- 1 stand from that? » 44 When I left here," ho explained, "the first thing I heard of wns the accident that ' bad happened to the train I missed, nnd someono told me that poor Tompkins— you , have often heard me speak of htm— was one of the sufferers by it. So I helped to carry bim to tho nearest hospital, and then hastened to his wife— she was staying with friends at Richmond— broke tho news as well ns I could, nnd took her to him. While thus employed, it struck mc that my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of the affair ; so I wired to the city, excusing myself there, and camo home to find Mary in great distress. You had gono out, she said, looking like a ghost, ami accusing her of having ruined your happiness. You bad gone away ns if you never meant to return, and I have been rushing from place to placo ever sinco I heard this to find my darling, and entreat her to return to mc. I have but just come home, so worn out with fatleuo nnd misery that I could hold up no longer." Lola insisted on deferring her explanations till he had changed the wet garments in wliich ho was shivering. Need wo say that they wcro satisfactory, or that tho anxious hours spent by both busband and wife taught them that in wedded life oven 11 a tiff" should bo care fully avoided 1 