PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Home met at 8.30 p.m. Hawtfcorae Beoandas. Id ftoswer to Mr. M'Elhone, the 11INISTEU. OF JU8T10E said a Mr. Satnnel ' Hawthorne, a brother of tho member of Pnrliatnont of that name, was employed Id his department at a salary of £380 ft'yi'ftr. Thero were throo other ©Hirers in tho office sod lor to Mr. Haw- thorn©, and-' who were now receiving smaller salaries than that officer. Cobar \ater Supply. In answer to Mr. Waddsll, tho ' MINISTER OF WORKS said there waa I an amplo supply of water of a quality that had been in use for years for tho town of Cekar, Babbit- proof Fencing. In answer to Mr. Waddell, tin" MINISTER OF LANDS said tho rabbi:-; proof fencing from Bourko to Bamngun , was constructed in snchaway that It cti:, off u large part of tho Bourko town com mons. Tho mattcrwftsreccivingconsider- ; ntioo. Bosorvea- In answer to Mr. Baunoun, tho MINISTER OFLANDS said 1811 reserves, embracing an area of 1,754,333 acres, were made during tho year 1837, and during - 1880 1377 reserves made, embracing an area of 1,504,489 acres; in 188C, 095 ro- icrvcs were revoked, embracing an area of 2,3.18.269 acres, and in 18S7, 13W reserves wcjo revoked, embracing on area of 1,428,290 acres. The Hawkeabury Bridge In answer to Mr. Walked, the MINIS TER OF WORKS said £71,442 had been paid to the contractors for the Ifawkcs bury railway bridgo on account of tho iron suporntructuro now boiag erected by Messrs.- Ityland and Mono, tho auh-con- lrnctorsto tho Uuiou Bridgo Company. A Fablle Sorvant. In answer to Mr. Fletoiibr, tho COLO NIAL TREASURER said the services of Mr. Read had been dupooscd with at the Olebo Island Refrigerating Works. He could not say whether that gentloman had since been appointed to another position in the public service. Mr. FLETCllERt It seems that this person has received an appointment in tho publio service, and no Minister seems in a position to givo any Information on the subject. Boilway and Tramway Employees. In answer to Mr. Fletcher, tho MINISTER OF WORK8 said: On a minute of tho Traffic Manager asking with regard to tho salaries for 1887, whether tbo increnses provided for by tho Com missioner's classification find thoso under the Civil Servico Act were to bo nban doncd, tho Commissioner for Railways wrote I do not recommend that the classification (which provides for annual increases, and which was in force before the Civil Service Act was Introduced) should l>o permanently abolished, but I nw of opinion that, owing to tho general depression and the necessity for economic- ing tho expenditure, tho Increases pro- Tided under tho classification in relation to all classes of employees, whether the wages or the salaried classes, should bo suspended for 1887. If tho proposal bo approved no injustice will bo done. Tho time from tbo 1st January to 31st Decem ber will be a blank as regards increases, and will apply to all oliko." Tho word " approved " across this minute Ib in tho handwriting of Mr. Secretary Lyne, but Sir Patrick Jennings has initialled it under date 3 J 1 j 87. The Totalisator. Mr. FRANK FARNELL presented a petition from the Clarence Rtrer Jockey Club, in favour of tho Bill to legaliso the totalisator. The petition was received. The northern SffaU. Mr. MOORE called tho attention of tho Postmaster-General to the fact that no 8ydney mail waa delivered at Invcrcll last night. Mr. ROBERTS said ho had eausod in quiries to be mado by wire on to tho cause of the delay, nod ho found that the bag had been carried on by mistake to Tenter- field. Mr. MOORE : The samo old gag. lower GeorgO'Btroot FoUco Station. Mr. WALKER called tho attention of tbo Colonial Secrotary to tho practice of marching prisoners through tho street of a morning from tho Police Station in Lower George-street to tho Water Police Court. 8ir HENRY PARKES said ho did not seo why tho prisoner should bo conveyed to tbo police-court In this manner. Ho would make inquiries. Personal Explanation. Mr. LYNE said ho desired to contra dict a statement which appeared in tho Evenino News that day. It was to tho effect that ho would not bo unwilling to tako ono of tho railway oommissioserahips. He had repeatedly denied that assertion which was so assiduously circulated la»t year, and he wished again to repeat that deniaL Under no circumstances whatever was thero any thought of anything of tho kind nt that timo, and nndor no consideration whatever would ho accept such a position. Clerk of the House, Tbo SPEAKER eaid ho had received a commission appointing Mr. Webb Clerk of tbo House. Tho oath of offico was then odmimaterod to Mr, Webb by tho Speaker. Tho Coronor at Bydo. Mr. FRANK FARNELL wished to know if the Colonial Secretary had called on Mr, Manning to resign his position as Coroner of Bydo, and whoa would tho papers of tho case bo laid upon the table of tho Hqueo. Sir HENRY PARKES said Mr. Man ning was called on to resign, and the pstvers asked for would bo produced on tbo following day. Tho Land Bill. Mr. LIBBS sold, now that the Minlstor of Lands was in his place, was it tho in tention cf tho Government to go on with tho Land BUI this week 7 Sir HENRY PARKES: Most cor- tninly. Centenary Colebration Act Amendment Bill- Mr. DIllBS moved tho second reading of tho Centenary Celebration Act Amend ment BUI, which proposes to reacind that portion of thu original Act that provides for tho erection of a Stat© House. Contonary Celebration Aot. Mr. DIBBS moved the sccood reading of tho Centenary Celebration Act Amend- meat Bill. Ho said bo did not intend to I detain the Bonse at any length, for lie In tended to aUow hon. members to exorcise their common eenso with (regard to tho question whether this BiU did not embuly the will of tho country at large. Tho bill provided for tho repeal of that clause of the original Act which provided for fie erection of a State Uouse. At this stage 8ir Henry Parkcs handed to the hon. member a document, which he remarked ho had just received from tho Government Printer. Mr. DIBBS said the iLument handed him contained the answer of a commission of three gentlemen to two- questions put to them by the Colonial Socreiary ; as to what would be the valuo of that portion of the park that was to be sold, if tho Stato House proposal was carried out, and what the valuo if only the proposal to create the park was curled out. Tho answers were, that if both proposals— tho erection of a State House oud the erection of a park— were carried out, tho estimated value of f f» land to bo offered jfor sale would be.- ,13,000; butif tho Stato House proposal > abandoned, the valuo in tho opinion commissioners would bo only £140, Mr. FLEK'HER: Who arc tho com missioners Y Mr. DIBBS: Mr. Francis Tait, formerly n member of tho House, but who had lived in the country all his life, aud had no knowledge of tho valuo nf metropolitan parks. (Hoar, hear.) Then thero was a Mr. Nuwman— ho supposed th photographer. II« did not know wha that gentlemen know about tho value o land, nud the third gootieman was Mr John Bennett, a gentleman largely in to tested in mining. Then ho wishea th House to boar in mind that thoro wa no estimate of tho cost of tho proposa before tho House. He had spoken t competent and reliable men on tbo qnes lion, and all were unanimous that instead of costing £150,000 tho structure, would cost between £330,000 and £750,000. lie suggested that instead of carry, ing ont tho proposal they should proceed with tho structure tho foun dation stone of which wag laid as u part of tho centenary celebrations, There they might havo a State Uouse which would include not only Houses of .Parliament and offices, but also include tbo official quarters of thu Governor, or the official quarter of the President of Australia when that timo came round. He moved the second reading of tbo bilL Sir HENRY PARKES said tho idea of tho hon. gentleman with regard to the Houses of Parliament would not find tho sup|>ort of any oxperienoed man in tho world. Tho Legislature must stand iso lated and independent. Tho Govornor ought not to bo allowed to como within the walls of Parliament except to open and prorogue Parliament. With regard to the opposition that wns given to tho proposal, it was feebleness itself. No cinglo tangible argument could bo found in tho press nor in the records of tho Uouse against the proposal. Somo persons had characterised the proposal as a fad of bis. Tho whole opposition to it had been n fad. As an instance, one of those who had submitted designs bad gouo to an editor of ono of tho Sydney newspapers, and had asked that his designs should bo noticed. And what was the reply:— "If your designs are the best in the world we won't notice tbern, because wo havo mado up our minds to writ© tho proposal dowu." Tho gentle man who could say that must havo a strango idea of the functions of tho public prccs. The publio press was not designed lor writing down anything, but for maintaining truth nad justice, and, fairly on legitimato grounds, dis cussing public questions. But were they the Parliament of this country, elected by free citizens, to bo swayed by the newspapers. Ho could not concelvo that tho Parliament would bo so fickle in mind nor bo degencrato in spirit as to go back now on tbvir own deliberate action. On tho ground of their independence and dignity, on the ground of serving com- memorntivo purposes In a higher degroo than they coulu be served by any other expedient, and on the ground of the high national uses to which this hall was to bo dedicated, ho asked them to oppose and reject this Bill. Dr. COKTIS spoke of the Government having gone in to effect retrenchment, nnd expressed hia opposition to the propoaa' to erect a State ilou60 considering the eon- dltion of tho publio finances. lie main tained tbo press reflected publio opinion in th's matter, and bo would support tbo bill. Mr. FLETCHER said he had hoped to hear something substantial from tho Colo nial Secretary to warrant hon. mombcrs In adhering to tho resolution previously passed. He listened very attentively when tho Bill was introduced, and if hia memory was not treacherous, tho only purposes for which it waa proposed to ap propriate this Stato House were to Btoro black fellows' Bpeais nnd nnlla-nulla's, in which to entertain distin guished people who came to the colony, and to afford a resting place for tho illus trious dead. During the vrholo of the Premier's speech that night, they had not heard one reason assignee why they should go on with thiB proposal at n timo when their finances were in a terrible state. Tno Premier stated, however, that tho increased valuo given to tho land by this building would cover tho cost of its erection. Ho would ask thorn to rofer to tho report of tho Board appointed by 8ir Henry Parkcs himself on this question. Tho cstimato of tbatBosrd of tho increased valuo that this building would give to tho land proposed to be sold waa only £00,550, yet tbo actual cost of the building was £150,000— bathe knew tho building would cost double that amount. (Hear, hear.) He could hardly beliovo that tho Houso, notwithstanding tho special pleading of tho Colonial Secro tary, would bo prepared to spond the people's money in tho way proposed. Every constituency of tho colony had de clared against tho proposal, and the Press had declared ngalnat it. Mr. CAMERON : That docs not amount to much. Mr, O'SULLIVAN i It would havo been had it been tho othor way about. Mr. FLETCHER: Yes, if tho Press had taken an opposite view of tho pro posal, tho Houso would bo told again and again that tho Press of tho country were in favour of tho proposal, and therefore it must bo right, II© was la favour of tho pork. Mr. O'CONNOR: You will vote against Parkcs this time. Mr. FLETCHER: Then I shall do what the hon. member lias left his bed over and over again to do. (Laugh- ter.) Mr, O'CONNOR: And I would do so again if 1 thought it necessary. Mr. ALLEN said bo was satisfied that tho creation of the Stato Houso was n bogus undertaking. (Cheers.) Ho had previously supported tho proposal, hut ho mid since had timoto reflect, and whether his constituency liked It or not. or whether thoso sitting on tho Ministerial side of tho Houso liked it or not, bo intended to opposo the carrying out of the proposal, and to support the bill. Tho Minister of Educa- t ion laughed in hU usual sneering manner. ' lie thought it was contemptible and un-- manly conduct on the part of tho Minister of Education. (Hear, hear.) If ho (Mr. Inglis) did not know lirw to behiv© litu- self as a member of that Homo and a Minister of tho Crown, too, It was time he was taught - to do .so. (Hear, hear.) Such conduct was calculated- to pro voke hostility, and was most un- manly and ungenerous. (Cheers.) When ho (Mr. Allen) was laughou at by people on his own sldo of tho Hons?, no began to think ho was sitting on the wrong side. (Cheers.) Ho hoped ; thu hliuibter for Education ' would iu the. futuro abstain from laughing and jeeriiig1 and swearing at hon.' members when they wore speaking. (Cheers.) ' Mr. O'CONNOR: Another good man gone wrong. Mr. SRE said he was quite in accord with tho Premier witn regard to the creation of tho park. That 'won a rational proposal. But no would likotocall hon. members' attention to this foot, that this park was going to cost thrco or four times as much us it was believed it would cost. Before tho park waa completed ho had no hesitation in raying it would cost £160,000. . Sir HENRY PARKES: I can assure you it will not. Mr. SEE said ho was quito euro of this fact thnt tbo park will coat double as much oa the Fruinlor thought it would— that is, if thoy were going to mako tho park as it should be made. Ho quite agreed with tho assertion that tho park would con siderably increase tho valuo of tho laud surrounding it, but how hon. membvrs could imagine for ono moment that the erection of the Stato Houso would in aoy way improvo tho valuo of tho land ho was nt a loss to understand. What possible advantage could it be to build a mansion adjoining this Stato House P (Laughter.) In his opinion this Stale Houso would, in no degree, affect tho valuo of the land, but the making of the park would consider ably cnhnnco tho value of tho land. Hut tho practical question was— vmld tho country afford to incur this expenditure: nud he had no hesitation in say ing that tho money would bo badly spent. "What need was there for this Stato Houso, hut it was timo thoy had now Houses of Parliament in which to carry on the Government of tho conn try. A proposal of that sort would havo his moBt hearty 8tip(>ort. Tho State House was simply a matter of sentiment, aud at a timo when the country was in debt bo did not think thoy were juatiQud in spending £150,000 on such a proposal, moro especially when ho knew that that sum would not construct a building such as tho Premier wished to have. If thoy were In a position to erect n Statu House, they ought to be in a position to afford a great deal more for its construction than it wns proposed to expend. Ho main tained tho proposal would cost at lonafchnlf a million of money. He should givo his voto for the bill, and against the proposed expenditure. Mr. GARRETT' waa referring to tbo House stultifying its actions if It now reversed the decision it previously arrived nt. Mr. CHANTER: It did not know tho financial condition of the country thon. Mr. GARRETT remarked that ho waanot going to havo his weak voico drowned by tho interjections nf tho other side. Mr. OAKVAN nnd Mr. FLETCUER took exception to tho charge mado against members of tho Opporition. The SPEAKER said ho could not exactly say that the hon. member wob out of order, but be would ask blut to address himself to the subject, before tbo House. Mr. GARRETT then proceeded toloeturo the House on tho necessity for ohserviug thu order of dobutu, ntid declared his in tention of putting down tho practice nf interjections. (Oh, oh !) Mr. DIBBS : And you are tho greatest offender in that respect. Mr. GARRETT maintained that ho never indulged in aggravating personali ties. (Laughter anu erics of " Oh, ob.") Mr. MELVILLE maintained that tho hon. member should address himself to the subject before the House, and not in dulge in these ketures to tho House. The SPEAKER again called ou the hon. member to address himself to tho question Mr. GARRETT then wont on to say that thiB was a party question— (" Oh. oh")— nnd had been brought forward simply with tho vlow of weakening the head of the Government. If tho bill passed tiiat Chnmbor it would not be carried in the Legislative Council. (" Oh, oh.") Ho repeated again that tho bill was of a personal and a party character, npnrt entirely from any political question. Mr. DIBBS: I deny It. Mr. GARRETT: That denial went for nothing in tho face of tho hon. member's action. Mr. WALKER: Who is disorderly Mr. GARRETT: Well, take tbo point of order if you think bo. Mr. WALKER asked tho Speaker if tho hon. member was not bound to accept the hon. member's denial. The SPEAKER said tho hon. member was bound to accept tho denial of the hon. member. Mr. GARRETT: Then, I suppose, I will not bo out of order when I say I do not beliovo that tho bill brought forward by the hon. member bas no party object. That was a matter of opinion, and ho bo- licvcd he could express his opinion. Mr. O'MARA contended that tho object of the Minister of Lands was to do tho very thing which ho deprecated us being done on tho part of tho hon. member for Mumimbidgcc. Tho object of tho hon. member was to ralso a hobgoblin— his object was to raiso a ghost. Tbo Minister of Lands now wished to mako this a per sonal and a party question. Was it not characteristic of Clio hon. member to say do not voto on tho merits of this ques tion? Do not allow this voto to bo in fluenced by an inquiry into their own minds. The Minister of Lands was trying to raise tho ghost that he, with character istic coolness, charged another hon, member with raising, Mr. WISE : You Are putting a good deal of substance in tho ghost now. Mr. O'MARA : Proud as ho was of tho wit of his profession, ho could not see tho wit in tho interjection. Ho did not know what tho substanco of a ghost was. (Laughter.) Ho felt, notwithstanding tho attitude assumed by the Minister for Lands, that a voto would bo givon on tho merits of this question, for what was this Stato Houso after all? Thoro was only ono name for it. It was nothing elso than a magnificent fad; and If it woro over con structed it would bo known elthor by tho namo of the Dead IIouso or as Parkcs' Fully. Mr. O'CONNOR: Read the Bpeoeh of tho Right Hon. W. B, Dalley oa the subject. Mr. M'ELUONE : Ho is becoming childish. Mr. O'MARA , Ho was glad to sou the hon. member was changing in regard to tho opinion of tho right lion, gentleman. Ho maintained that if a State House was1 to bo built the proper form was in the shape of Houses of Parliament. Mr. WANT said ho had listened very attentively to tho speech of the hon/ member, tho Minister for Lands, and ho fuih-d to bear one single argument why am-li a projKjral us this State Uoum should ne tilt-rated for one moment j aud if they io-'M-d through thu long record of njtaof statesmanship of the Premier, if thoy looked through nn equally long record of mistakes nnd errors, they would find not a itdiculo on him and ridiculo on single ono that had brought so much thoso who supported him as this feeble idea of erecting a Stato House. The Government came into power with » « - l,ron)k to rcduco this largo deficiency in tho public nccounts. Thoy were now asked to vote an enormous sum of money for a useless baublo. If there was any man in this community who would cut down tho civil servants to a salary that thoy could barely (live "Pn and rob them of their right— when thoy rcinemheicd tho largo amount which had been called tho deficit, and also whenthey know thero wasnoprovisIohmAde to rnj that off— who could conscientiously ay bo would be a party to this expend!- tuie for no benefit whatever, for no pur- p„flL' that could bo pointed to, nnd which could bnve no possible effect upon tho country or upon the weifaro of thoir country. Ho hoped hon. members would not allow tho Treasury to bo stripped simply to suit tho whim of tho Colonial Secretary, which could only bo n monu ment to hia own folly and which could Bcrve no possible uso whatever. Mr. HAW KEN spoko in support of tho Mate House, and looked upon it as a national shrine. Mr. WALKER maintained that no argument had been adduced to warrant this rash expenditure— nothing bub bare, simplu childish Bcntimcntality. Ho main tained that tbo ground or national senti ment was by no means involved in this paltry proposal. spoke in support of tho Hill and against tho erection of the pro- pesed structure. Mr. O'SULLIVAN said ho was surprised nt the Colonial Secretary going an with this proposal and asking his supporters to risk their popularity iuid oven thoir seats by having to support tho proposal. Thu proposal was local and not national, and to ask thorn to expend tho sum of half, a-inillion upon it wns to mako them appear ridiculous in tho eyes of tho world. It seemed to him that this farco had pro- corded far enough, nnd ho felt if hon. gentlemen were truo to their position and realised tho importance of tho voto they were about toa givo, whilo looking around them at tho distress existing among their fellow.crcnturca; and if they lookod bo- yond nnd saw what would bo the effect on tho minds of thoso men— ho said if they were truotothcmsulvcoandtothc intervale of the country, they would vote against a proposal of thin character. Mr. WISE said that if anything would induce him to voto against this hill it waa tho trivial character of tho speeches that were delivered iu support of it. Tho cha racter of these speeches stood out in marked contrast to thu speeches delivered in support of tho proposals. Ho went on to roter to the creation cf a national seat:- Mr. COPKLAKD: National ridiculo. Mr. WISE: No doubt national ridicule to thoso who denied tho claim of Now South Wales to speak for Australia j na tional ridicule to thoso who canio to tho colony from God knew where, who lived God knew how, and when they left no ono cared whither they went. Of course the newspapers were against the proposal, because they did not originate it. In this matter tho newspapers did not represent nublic opinion. (Dissent nnd laughter.) It was absolutely impossible for the leader of tho Government to he dictated to by This bill, he had noiloubt, hai'bin brought forward simply to heap indignity on the head of tho Premier. (Dissent.) Mr. ABBOTT said ho had never listened to moro impudent boyish utterances in lus life. The hon. member for South Sydney spoke of hon. members desiring to heap indignity on tho head of the Premier. What was a disgroeo to himself and to his country, nnd which heaped indignity on tho Premier, was when tho hon. mem ber accepted office, and afterwards forsook bin party becauso he could not get the patent fees. (Chcore.) They had only hoard of tho insufficiency of the salary attaching to the office of Attorney. General from the hon. member himself They never heard men like Sir Jnnies, Martin nnd Sir Frederick Barley complain of tho insufficiency of the Hilary when they held the office of Attorney-General, ami when thoy never drew patent fees, but thoy beard of it for the first timo from tbiH junior member of tho bar, when in stepping into tho position ho thought the attorneys would mako him tho leader of tho bar as the Government had, but he was mistaken. Mr. HAW KEN rose to a point of order with regard to tho personal allusion. The SPEAKER said ho did not think the hon. member was in order, beyond making a passing reference to tbo ques tion. Mr. ABBOTT raid the Colonial Secretory had heaped indignity on himself by certain persons he haa taken &s; his colleagues, (Hear, bear.) That night they hadhad distributed amongst them a report from tho Colonial Secretary's offico that ono could hardly imaglno tho Colonial Secre tary would havo dreamed of placing before hon. members. Tho Principal Under-Secretary had invited three persons to express an opinion upon tho valuo of tho lands adjacent to tho Pnrk. Now, if ho had gono to thopooplo whoso report would have boon of any value— people dcaliug with city lands— ho should not havo blamed him. But did ho go to any of those city land valuators and ask them their opinion about tho valuo of this land. Did he go to Mcssra. Richardson and Wrench, whoso valuation was accepted by ovcry financial institution in tho city ? Did ho go to Messrs. MUla and Filo P They had had Messrs. Hardio and Gorman imported into this matter. That was had enough considering their relationship to thu Government. Ho should not havo blamed the lion, member it ho had sought tho opinions of men who were competent to give an opinion of tho valuo of tills pro perty. Ira national sentiment was to bo raised it would not bo accomplished by scparatintr class from class, or by unking ono class feel that they had no Interest in tho community. They had already celubratcd their centenary in a manner which did them no credit. What moro disgraceful exhibition was thero than 11,090 tickets being issued iu tbo city of Sydooy to feed a lot of strong people. When ho found tho Government coming down bore with a trumped-up document, to influenco hon. members, he felt sure that alone would be sufficient to justify him in sunportlug tlio bill, and In doing tills ho claimed to bo as much an Australian as anybody. He was born in tho colony, nnd all ho had, aud hepoi to have, he looked to the colony for. Tho Minister for Lauds told them tint this hill hod been brought foiward with the view of slighting the Government. Why was it necessity to raise there side issues ? What did it concern the country what Government they had so long as tuoy had honest Government P (Hear, hear.) He did not care whether they were put out ur not. Thoy were tho happiest set of bnnglers they ever had. Tho Houso had given them stnnding orders that no other overnuicnt had never enjoyed; they had givcii them extra sitting days nod extra hours, and they had done less than any other Government he knew of. And when they had camo dowu with a dis- honest valuation such as that now placed in tlicir hands, wlmt could they expect from tiicm. If thoy had been honest and sincere thoy would havo got tho valuation of a firm that was worth having. Instead of that they had selected a worthy Fijian missionary, an excellent photographic artist, and cno of the most skilful tend syndicate members in New South Wales —Mr. John Bennett. These woro the nu-n they hod selected to give an opinion on thu increased valuation of thu lands in question, nnd to doitidc tho House, Messrs, O'Connor and Down, spoko in biipnort of tho Stato House proposal, and Mr. FRANK SMITH supported tho second reading of tho Ihll. Tho nttitudo assumed by tho Ministry he regarded as sheer intimidation, nnd he would pay no heed to it. The proposal, ho felt, waa ill- timed nnd injudicious. Mr. CHANTER nt this Etngo suggested nn adjournment of tho debate. Sir HENRY PARKES said tho Govern ment would bo no party to tho adjourn ment, nnd went on to romnrk that ho had mndo no mention of this question being a party question ; but let hon. members consider tho cir cumstances. Tbo Uovornment had brought down n bill to celebrato tbo Con- tennryj that was part of thoir polioy. That hill was carried through both Homes, and now a bill wns introduced by whom P— by tho loader of tho Opposition to destroy a part of that policy. If that was not n party motion ho should liko to know what could bo. Ho lookod upon this as a party tnotiftn, and if carried ho should not appear in the Houso again as Primo Minister. (Loud cries ol "Oh, oh !") Mr. DIBBS wished to know why tho Colonial Secretary had not treated this aa a party motion at thu first instead of al lowing it to posB through its preliminary stages without debate. Mr. UAKVAN suggested that stneo tho Government had chosen to treat this as a voto of censure, they should allow tbo debate now to stand adjourned until tho following evening. Sir liflNRY PARKES subsequently agreed to that suggestion, nnd at 11 o'clock tho debate wns accordingly adjourned, and tho House bub. 