THROUGH THE FURNACE. Br J. CRAWFORD SCOTT. " t (Publiteid b)j rpueial aorangement witL the sauthor)' [CHAPTER V. (continued.) When Ward was alone, and caught sight of. himself in a looking-glass, he was not aurprised that his landlord had taken him \- :for a ghost, for his hair was thickly streaked with white, and had grown very long, while his face could not have been paler had he been dead. Many people would have shown more fear than the superstitious old High lander had they known Ward before he dis \- appeared and seen him now. But Sandy had at one period of his life been mate of a Dundee whaler, and North of Cape Wrath he had seen many a ghost when the first rays of the dawn were struggling through the rents "of the wind-riven mists. It was a little time before Ward was able to collect the tumultuous thoughts which had arisen on hearing the information that had just been given him. He was alter nately intensely thankful and wildly trium phant. When he thought of the fact that the delay of only half a day would have made him too late, and remembered the despair with which he had abandoned his efforts for . his release, he became more firmly con vinced than ever that it was not his imagina tion alone, which enabled him to hear that beseeching voice which had aroused him again to action. By the time that he had washed and dressed, the morning had considerably ad vanced. He had not yet resolved upon what course he ought to pursue with respect to Faulkner, as his mind was still too unsettled to enable him to form any definite plans, but he 'had already resolved that, as soon as he was in a fit state to appear out of doors, he would go to seek an interview with Ida. He felt that he had still difficulties to overcome, and he was eager to attack them. But now, with his mind free from the terrible dread that had weighed upon it, any obstacle 'which he anticipated seemed insignificant when compared with what he had already undergone, and he seemed endowed with fresh strength, which braced him for all that still remained to be done. His two rooms communicated, and he found it easy to ob tain whatever he needed, as his property was all safe, and just as he had left it. About half.past six he heard' a hesitating: knock at his door, and in reply to his invi 'tation, "-Come in," the door slowly opened and Sandy MacLean's head appeared. -'""Ye 'are still here !" he said in a voice which betokened surprise. " Yes," replied Ward, "azid I should be much obliged if you could get me some breakfast.": i": Ye'are welcome, if ye can eat it," was Sandy's reply, and then he disappeared. For' the first time for many, a° day Ward felt a strong inclination for food. . Half an hour later Sandy MacLean reappeared, bring ing breakfast... "Peggy's na up yet," he explained, "an' I didna want to 'waken her.; for if she saw ye she might be feared oot of her wits, an' the body has na that mony tae lose." Owing to his nautical experience, Sandy was able both to cook and lay a table, so af ter he had left the room Ward sat down and enjoyed' a hearty breakfast,. By-and-bye Sandy returned, and going forward, 'he coolly lifted the cover from a dish and looked in. "Ye hae eaten a' thebacon," her observed, and tben raising the lid' of the tin teapot he continued, "an' ye hae drucken a' the tea, an' ye has eaten half the loaf, an' the feck o' the butter. If ye can stow away a break fast like that, I'm thinkin' ye are nae gbaist ava, lnt a Christian like mysel' ! Sae, gi'e me a grup o' der han', my mon, and let me welcome ie back tae the land o' the leevin'." And Sandy, with some doubt still lingering Cih his big, honest, seal-like eycs,t~ave Ward's hand a he arty Equeeze. At that moment Peggy made her appear ance; and she falsified her husband's 'opinion of her by showing .no fear at all, but only great pity and surprise, as she said in a voice of motherly concern "Dear me I a Mr. Ward, can it really be you,. that we a' thocht had met w' sich an awful end ? But puir, young man; the warlds hasna surely been treatin' ye verra kindly I Howsomever, if ye'll jist let me rin round the corner, and bring Mr. Pescod, the barber, I mak' nae doot that he'll work an improvement onye.": : "Thank you, Mrs, MIacLean," replied Ward; " "that is exactly what 1 have been wishing for."' When she had gone Sandy observed in a contemptuous tone- "Jriatilike a wumman I Ye see, her first tbocht is for extairnal impravement." Then, as if to prove that in this respect he differedIfromihis wife, Sandy went away, and returned, bringing with him a whiskey bottleand some hot water, with which he -mixed a stiff compound, and setting him the exaimple, made Ward partake of it, who was greatly benefitted thereby, and he gave his Jandlord a brief account of his escape. The barber soon arrived, and after pass. ing;throughi his hands, Ward's appearance showed a decided change for the better. Time had passed so quickly that it was now after nine o'clock. Ward asked for his writinginaterials, and when he had used them he handed a sealed envelope to Sandy, say ing, " Can you undertake to deliver this to Mr. Faulkner !" "I daur say," was the reply. " I wish you to trust it-tnoo on0e else, but to oblige me by delivering it into Mr. Faulk ner's own hands." "I'11 abide by yer directione." "Tell him that it was iwho gave you this letter td?'carry to him " ' "I'll mind tae dae that," replied Sandy; and on Ward telling him that he was anx. ious'that' it should be delivered soon, the old man went off at once on his missioni. The letter was a brief one, arid contained onlythe folldwing words "I have evidence sufficient to convict you both of embezzlement and ipcendiarism, and if y~oi' do not leave Northport within three hoiirs from the receipt df this notice, I shall take immediate ateps,to have you ar rested on these charges.-TaoMAs WAnD." The reason why he was giving Faulkner this iopportunity 'of escape was that he wishdd to avoid.the' scandal and notoriety whic would attach to his trial, ianid which must to some extent fall upon the Martins as well as upon himself. He hadresolved, however, to take steps which would prevent Faulkner leaving' the country with his ill gotten gairish which: he cous'derd: as being really the property cf Mr. Martin and him-. self. As boon as he had seen Sandy depart with the letter, he went out and hailed acab in order to drive to Mr.. Martin's house, which was some distanlce off. . hu SCHAPTER VI. Ida Martin had a lady friend staying with her, who had just suggested that it was time for her to begin to put cn her bridal attire; but shelwas' still de!aying, when 'a' servant came to tell her that a gentleman had'called who wished to see her. 'The servant had only b. en engagedi for a few days, and he did not know Mr...Ward, who, on being asked fir hi'ifiame, had cimply replied that he had come to see Mis Martin on business. ·i'" · When Ida entered the room where Ward was, she stopped suddenly on seeing him, and her lips partedd in amazement. Then she uttered a glad cry,i and the next mo ment'she was in his arms, and, with her head lying upon his shoulder, she was sob bing as though her heart would break. But the tears that flowed fast from her beautiful eyes, and down her pale cheeks, were all tears of joy and thankfulness. Till this time Ward had never spoken a word of love to her, nor had a single caress passed between them, but now-with his love still unspoken - he was kissing her brow and lips, and was pressing her tightly to his breast; and Ida felt that she would be content always to remain in the embrace of these dear arms, and never be severed from them again. The absolute separation, which had seemed to part them, had taught each of them how dear the other was, and during all that separation their thoughts had been constantly occupied with each other, sometimes to a degree that re sembled actual communion, so that now they felt like lovers of long standing who had met after an absence that had seemed eternal. Even beyond this, Ida was regarding him as her saviour from a fate which she dreaded worse than death, and he knew that he had come to rescue her from the life of misery to which she had been con signed. But now, at last, he was telling her the depth of his love,- and, in reply, she was whispering that she had never loved an other, but that it seemed as though her heart had been always his. Then, in a few brief sentences, he informed her of Faulk ner's villainy, and expressed the belief that they would never see him again, as he would seek safety in flight. Ward, accompanied by Ida, now sought Mr. Martin. The old man was naturally much astonished to be bold his partner ; and his wonder was scarcely less on seeing that Ward was hold ing his daughter's hand with an apparent sense of proprietorship, and that she was regarding him with an unmistakable look of affection in her tear-stained face. Mr. Martin's surprise was mingled with dis pleasure, as he was of the belief that some elaborate deception had been practised upon him. It was his daughter's marriage morn ing, yet here she was, when she ought to have had on her wedding dress, looking with eyes filled with love upon a man who was not the bridegroom, and who had ap parently risen from the dead I" "What is the meaning of all this ?" de manded the old gentleman in a stern voice. No reply. Ward stepped forward, and gave him an account of all that had hap pened sincO they last met, including the proof he possessed of Faulkner's villainy. Ward had aged considerably in appearance, and, while he spoke in an animated tone, both his look and voice sometimes recalled to Mr. Martin those of his father, and he was in consequence the more deeply influ enced by what he heard. But the evidences of what Ward had recently suffered, and the circumstantial nature of his account, were in themselves sufficient to gain his belief. In addition to this, the losses which the firm had sustained in recent years, together with Faulkner's acquisition cf wealth, were ac counted for, and Mr. Martin was now prone to believe the explanation. After hearing Ward to the end of what he had to say, Mr. Martin produced a letter, and then showed the effect which the information had upon him by saying to his daughter "We must always be grateful to Mr. Ward for saving us from the dishonor which, without his intervention, this day would have brought upon us." "On hearing this, Ida flung herself upon her father's breast, encircling his neck with her arms. She did not weep, nor utter a word ; but, as he felt her tremble convul sively, he realised for the first time the nature of the sacrifice which she had been willing to make for him." "I am now a poor man," continued Mr. Martin, addressing Ward, "and, in order to prove my gratitude, I must give you all Sthat I have left in the world,"-and as he said this he place his daughter's hand in Ward's-" though it is but a slight proof of my generosity," proceeded Mr. Martin, smi ling sadly, ' to give you what I believe has lone been yours." While the lovers talked lowly together, Mr. Msrtin sat down at a table, and wrote a brief letter, which he enclosed in an envel ope, and addressed. "I intend," he said, "to send this to Faulkner, to inform him of the decision to which I have come." "It is not likely to reach him," replied Ward, "as I have already warned him, and told him he must take refuge by flight. My only reason for not at once delivering him up to justice was to save you from the publicity in which you would be involved by being connected with his arrest to-day, and also with his subsequent trial and conviction." "In some matters," replied Mr. Martin, "you have proved yourself more sagacious than myself; but, in your conclusion that Faulkner will try to escape I am nearly cartain that you are in error. As you are aware, he is a man of considerable means, and he has large sums invested in various securities, many of them in this town, none of which could possibly be realised at short notice. Although I do not now doubt that he first obtained possession of capital by de frauding the firm, he did not, as you seem to imagine, obtain all or nearly all his money in that way, because, to my certain knowledge, he has made a great deal in se veral successful speculations. Now, even if he had no other reason for remaining, he will never go away leaving this wealth be hind him. No; he will stay and defend himself from any charges that may be brought against him. Owing to the ability of the man, and his craft and ciime which you have disclosed, although I do not know what there is now tobe afraid of, I believe we have reason still to dread him. Unicsas your proof he of the most cogent kind, I feel he will almost manage to escape jus tice." Ward was about to reply, when a servant came to tell Mr. Martin that Mr. Faulkner had called, and desired to see him. The two gentlemen exchanged significant glances. " Give him that," said Mr. Martin, hand ing to the servant the letter, which he had just written, "and tell him that I am un able to speak to him." "I shall go," said Ward, as soon as the man had left the room, "and let him hear what my opinion of him is." "No, no," exclaimed Ida, .clasping her lover's arm; "he has already nearly killed you, and I cannot trust you again beside him." Eager as he was to confront the scounndrel, Ward was unable to withdraw himself from the clinging arm that detained him. As Faulkner awaited Mr, Martin's appear ance, he was slightly paler than usual, but there was no sign of alarm in his expression; on the contrary, his lips were firmly com pressed, and his eyes showed more determina tion than usual. He heard unmoved the message which Mr. Martin had sent, and then he opened the letter, and read as follows : "Sir,-Owing to certain information which I have received from Mr. Ward, I must de cline to permit my daughter to marry you. You will, therefore, consider the'marriage as finally broken off. My daughter herself will refuse under any circumstances to see you., As I understand that Mr. Ward has already communicated with you, you will be at no loss to comprehend the motives which have caused my decision.-Yours, &c.;, " HENRY MARTIN." When he had read this, Faulkner coolly folded this letter again, and put it into his pocket.' Then he said to the servant, who was waiting to open the door for him " Tell Mr. Martin that I will call upon him again to-morrow." Only a very few guests had been expected to the wedding, and Mr. Martin was occupied 1 in writing brief notes to informn them that the ceremony would not take place, when the servant brought Faulkner's message. "You see," he said, addressing Ward, "that I was right in thinking that he would not leave Northport. The information that he is coming again to-morrow is meant, if I mi-s. take not, for you no less than for myself, and stands for a defiance I" '" If he remains, L shall keep my word, and deliver him up to justice." "And it is only right that you should," said Mr. Martin, rising and pacing up and down in a state of greater excitement than he had yet shown. "As I have already said,' continued the old man, "I have implicit be. lief in all your statements. This man, not content with plundering me, has burnt down my property, and as he has the means to re coup me for my losses, it is only just that he should be compelled to disgorge his booty. I am destitute; though I am still living in this house, it is no longer mine, and I have not a penny in the world of my own. It is contrary to justice that Faulkner should remain unarrested, and not be compelled to repair the injury he has done me." It did not escape Ward's notice that the old merchant seemed much more anxious that he 'should be recouped for his losses out of Faulkner's gains than that the law should be vindicated by the criminal's punishment ; and in Mr. Martin's nervous agitation and querulous voice, he thought he could perceive evidences of that weak, ease-loving nature, through which he had first neglected his business, and had afterwards been thought lessly willing to make a sacrifice of his daughter. Yet, Mr. Martin possessed many redeeming pointr. He was of a quiet, peace ful disposition, and was an affectionate father. He was a man of considerable cul ture, and his character was held by his friends to be singularly amiable. Ward was not di3 posed to attach much blame to him, for, as he looked at the'old man's refined features, he could trace in them an unmistakable re semblance to Ida ; but in her lover's opinion, and, in reality, the daughter, without the father's failings, possessed all his good quali. ties, and many virtues to which he could lay no claim. In reply to what Mr. Martin bad given as his opinion respecting Faulkner, Mr. Ward said "We agree in thinking that he ought to be arrested. As soon as the three hours, which I named in my letter to him, have passed, I shall go to the police station and give the information I possess of his guilt." Ward stayed to an 'early lunch, and as he was leaving the house he. told Mr. Martin that he intended to go at once and, secure Faulkner's arrest. On his arrival at the police station, he was conducted into the presence of the Super intendent. The Superintendent was a tall, gaunt individual, with grizzled hair and clearly shaven cheeks and chin. He was about sixty years of age, though he might have passed for ten years less. The story of Ward's re-appearance had already spiead through Northport, and had reached his ears, so he looked sharply at Ward when he en tered the room, and, with raised eyebrows, listened attentively to all he had to say. The Superintendent was a man of great intel ligence and superior education; he had :a cynical humour, which entered into many of his remarks. Now, the sudden disappear ance of a man, followed some time afterwards by a mysterious re-appearance, are circum stances which do not prepossess the police in his favor, and the Superintendent was not exempt from the prejudices of his class, of which he was no more than a typical speci men of the best order. "Of course," he said, when Ward had finished what he had to tell, "you have brought these papers which you say contain the proof of embezzlement." "I have not; I left them behind in the cellar." "That is a pity, because without them there is at present really no proof at all. You demand Mr. 'Faulkner's arrest, who will doubtless declare his innocence, and what proof have I that he is not right and you are wrong ? To put this thing mildly, Mr. Ward," and the Superintendent gave a rather sceptical cough, "it has happened ere now that men, who have been subjected to such terrible hardships as those which you 'have endured, have conceived strange fan cies, which have ultimately proved ground less. If Mvr. Martin himself, now, had came here and on oath had testified to the same matter as yourself, that would have been sufficient for me, but according to your own showing Mr. Martin had no suspicion that he had been defrauded till you infromed him of the fact. With respect to the charge of incendiarism, I have no proof either, except your unsupported assertions. Unless you bring the papers to which you have referred, and also Mr. Martin, to give his evidence on them, I can do nothing." "I shall endeavor to do this," replied Ward. " There is only one thing I wish to add be fore you go," said the Superintendent, speak ing in a more severe tone, "and that is that you acknowledge you have endca vored to thwart the ends cf justice by tell ing a man, whom you believed to be guilty, to escape. That fact, Mr. Ward, and the circumstance that Mr. Faulkner has disre garded your warning, and continues to re main in Northport are, in my opinion, strongly in his favor." Before Ward had time to reply, Faulkner himself enlered the:room. It would have beenbard to find a cooler and more collected individual than Superintendent Crosby,'but on Faulkner's appearance he visibly started, and then he fixed' his keen glance upon Ward. • . " I desire to be sworn, in order.to give an information," said Faulkner, before anyone had time o speak.- .. . . He was accordingly sworn, and. then said (To be contoinued.) 