The Hogen-Mogen. A Comedy , in an infinite number of Acts and an unlimited variety of scenes. Musical Director : — Mr. Punch. Stage Manager : — Toby. Characters : — The Hogen-Mogen, Conspirators, and over a hundred Clowns. Properties : — Cheek and £40. Act I. Scene ; — Parliament House in its usual darkness. Enter conspirator M'Millan ( Soliloquising ) : — Thefact's begun, and I must play first villain, The cast is good, as my name's Jim M'Millan, The Hogen- Mogeifs mad, in my opinion, And I'll no longer play the tyrant's minion. For eighteen months I've fauned in adulation Receiving only snubs of approbation, Standing for nought his irritating goods, While others get their railway lines and roads, But now's my time, a good idea I've hit on, To make him swear allegiance to Great Britain ; The guns I'll fire will crush his Chinese squibs, And I'll replace that injudicious Dibbs ; I'll lead, with Want and Reid as henchmen, A strong third party formed from these crossbenchmen. I must, of course, accept Beau Brummel Neild — The die is cast, M'Millan takes the field. Exit.\ Enter conspirator Dibbs ( 'soliloquising ) : — From Murrumbidgee to the dried up Bogan I'll stump the land, to oust this Rogen- Mogen, Alone I'll do it, not a friend I'll ask, I'm strong as steel, and glory in the task. On Tuesday next his Government shall cease For jeopardising fair Australia's peace. He braves Great Britain, boastful speeches fudges, Threatens our " Guvnor," slights our Puisne Judges ; Terms me Mongolian, the nation's substance i wastes, Lowers our morals, and legislates in haste. A wretch most vile, a Darwin's missing link, he Holds power by panic re the Chinkie. 'Twas ever thus with him, some " Cocklane ghost " Would be his guest, and he the public host. His game is up, and now the would-be martyr, Will find in me no Chinkie, but a Tartar. \\_Exit.\ Enter the Hogen-Mogen:— 'Ow long, 'ow long ? Yes, that's the vital question, That comes 'twixt me and my digestion. 'Ow long we'll last, or rather 'ow long Hi Will 'umbug them, oh, Cob-web law ? Hi'm dry. Hi'll not touch spirits, they always raise my rancor Burgundy, from Charley's — Crown and Anchor Will suit me best, perhaps will sooth to sleep. But if it does or not, here goes, it's cheap. What's the next fad, the peoples' taste to please Hi must think out, Hi've worked well the Chinese. The Eighteenth Clause was helped along by Abbott, And folks forget there's such a thing as rabbit. Two votes of censure will a week beguile And the Hestimates keep back awile. For something new, to please the public palate Hi'll cogitate, and then, straight for the ballot. So 'eres to Charley's presents, not 'is presence 'ere, And bless 'is dad that took to selling beer. Charley 'asn't brains ; but Cob-web law, hit's funny, Hi like men without brains, if they 'ave money. Hi think my dart should now be separation, Declare Australia han hindependent Nation ; Hi President, the title suits me well, Hand future hages could my glory tell. 