Current Items. Testimonial to William Boukne, — On Monduy night a public meeting in the Town Hall resolved upon presenting Mr. Bourno with a testimonial on account of his bravory in saving the life of Miss Clara Holmes, at Glebe Island Bridge, on Prince of Wales Birthday. A large and influential committee was formed, Messrs. B. Campboll and S. Bonsall are the sec retaries, and Mr. W.- C. Macdougall treasurer. No doubt 'a very ' becoming testimonial will be presented to this young man, and it is to be borne in mind that all may havo a share . in it, for while large subscriptions may bo forthcoming tho very smallest will also be moBt heartily received. The desire of the committee is that the testimonial should, be as wide spread as possible, so no one need hesitate to give tho smallest amount. Hoeticultubal SociETSr.— To-day; a very enjoyable event is provided for Leich hardt in the form of a display of flowers in the Town Hall, under the auspices of the Horticultural Snrt'nfv .Tbn flrm-nr show will bo oponed by Mrs. Sydnoy Smith, the Mayoress, at two o'clock, and special prizes are offered for ' after dinner de» corations,' (the Mayoress' trophy), blanc manges, jellies, jam rolls, sponge cake . home mado pickles and preserves. All ex hibit must be in before 'J.^0 a.m. on Saturday (to-day.) _ The evening will bo enlivened by singing, and the faot that tho Leichhardt Orchestral Sooiety has en gaged to givo thoir servicetis.:* guaranty} : of good music. Aid.' N. C. Neaf^is 'the secretary of the movement aud will afford any information required. ' ~ . AiWABsnra^-It -iriU be just ag well fori the lads that- have a hankering after the figs.' on the Morton ^Bay fig trees growing in tho play ground of the Superior Public School, Pigeon Ground, to 'overcome the weakness.- Mr. Friend, the head teacher,, has found it necessary to ^inform the:polico of the mischievous and destructive prac ticeVof boys' who, in throwing stones to get the. figs that are ne t worth getting, cause serious loss in the matter of broken , win dows, Boys, beware ! It is not worth while to stand before the magistrate in the police court for tho sake of a Morton Bay fig!': '-1 ' v- Political.— Some few people in Balmain have boon anxious to hear tho members of; our district report,; progress, and their silence 'has irritated ' them. With a daily ' press giving full . reports of tho doings in parliament, and particulars of private in terest,, recorded by tho local organs, they, no doubt, thought' residents had full op portunity to note ail the work of the ses sions and the actions of tho representatives. The barrier placed iu the way of using tho Town Hall for political meetings was aho, porhipa, a preventative, as no one cares for speaking in the open air. That barrier having been removed we notice by placards that Mr, F. J. Smith intends to open the ball with an address on Friday next in the Balmain Town Hall, and will follow with another at Leichhardt the succeeding week. We have no doubt good audiences will con gregate. A New Befjucekatok. — With great pleasure we draw the attention of our readers to tho advertisement of Mr. C. Coombs in which he directs attention to his patent ' Nonpareil ' refrigerator. Numer ous testimonials huve beon sent to the patenteo, Mr. Coombs, aud they are of a character that will satisfy the most scep tical. We wish Mr. Coombs great success in his enterprise,- which -has stood every test in a completely satisfactory manner. The Electhic Tramway. — One further step toward the much desired end has been mado by tho tramway contractor, viz., The surveyors are now hard at work taking the levels for the line. All day yesterday they were at the East End. By tho end of next week it is expected the levels will be com pleted and by the end of the year the_ plans will be ready to submit to the Council. If no delay occurs with our civic fathers it may bo expected that tne picas will oe at work early in the new year, and something over twelve months will see the iron but noiseless horse traversing Darling-street. More Comfort i-or Ferry Pas sengers. — Our previous remarks about the efforts of Mr. F. J. Smith in connection with providing a respectable waiting room at the foot of Erskino-strez-t must have given pleasure to those of our readers who have to travel by water to Sydney, but when wo inform them that the Treasurer (Mr. Burns) gavo an official intimation to our three members on Tuesday last, to the effect that the Government had decided to carry out the work of constructing a decent waitincr room thev will be doublv cleascd. One idea is, we understand, to resume the Victoria wharf to the north of the street and construct the necessary accommodation thereon. The Bald Bock landing will then, no doubt, bo deserted. The sooner the alterations are carried out the better, and the more praise will be awarded our junior member, who especially interested himself in this matter. No one in or out of the House will begrudge Balmain this expendi ture of public money, for all hands are agreed tnat the existing state of affairs is a disgrace to this flourishing community. He Laughs Best Who Laughs and Wins. — Some time ago we were challenged about having a supplement printed else where, and no small amount of capital was endeavored to bo,made out of the garbled statement by a contemporary who now goes as far as Melbourne for a supplement to satisfy a thirst for local news. ' All's well that ends well.' WiiEnE are the Police?— We have no intention of reflecting upon our police force in asking such a question as this, but merely wish to direct the attention of tho authorities to a condition of things that will Boon be altered by onr constables when it is brought under their notice ; of this we are assured. It appears that on Sundays a number of hobbledehoys — full of profanity, blasphemy, and asinine ignorance — congre- gate on the vacant land within the fence of Mort's Dock, at the corner of Cameron and Church streets. This is one of the highways to a ferry, and the grossest con duct is displayed by a number of young blackguards who go so far as to indecently, expose themselves from pure beastliness However, this state of things will soon be altered by Senior-Sergeant Boyd. But at the same time we would suggest that these fellows will find some other place in which to disport their wantonness. The Eev. A, J . Griffith will take for his subject' The strait gate' on Sunday (to-, morrow) ovoning. Bircugrove L. and D. Society.— The usual meeting of the Birchgrove L. and D. Societv was held in SL .Tnhn'n Rnhnnlrnntn on Wednesday, November,, 21, Mr. W. C. Ward (president) in the chair. There was a good attendance of members. Mr. J. Forster was elected a member of the com mittee in place of Mr. G. Shaw. The order of the day . was addresses. The following were spoken upon : ' Policemen,' ' Koads,' ' Present collection of water rates,' ' Pro posed appointment of Mr. Goodchap,' all wore well discussed. Mr. Dickinson (premier) will move ' at next debate ' Thrift v. Insurance,' Mr. A. E. Packer leading tho opposition. Next meeting will close tide session until 27 th February, 1889. Balmain Sailing Olub.— A meeting of the above was held at Cohen's Exohange Hotel on Thursday evening, when entries were received for the dingy race (handi capped) 14ft. and under, as follows: — Neva, 1st position. 8 minutes, colors A.S.N. Co-'s flag ; 2. Thomas Punch, 14ft., red and white ball; 3. Violet, 14ft./yellow and black check ; 4. Pearle, 14ft., blue ; 5. Bipple, 14ft., blue and white bail; 6. Begina, I4ft., blue and white diagonal. Course : From White Horso Poiut, round Goat Island, round schooners off Iron Cove Bridge, back round Goat Island, and finish at iiiiiio .uorsa jl oiuc. xo. sian at o p.m. The office beaters will bo — umpire, Mr, W. H.Pacey; starter, Mr. W. H. Golding, and prizes; trophies, will be given to first and second boat. 'A Year's Review.'— This is the sub ject announced by the Sev. John Dixon, the incumbent of St.. Thomas', for to morrow evening. The first year of his ministry closes on that day. 'Balmain is to be congratulated in having such a man as Mr. Dixon in its midst, and no doubt many will listen with interest and profit to the earnest words of this zealous and suc cessful clergyman. For many years Mr. Dixon exerted a great influence in the Newcastle district, and we hope' that for many more years he will be spared to work in Balmain. Band or Hope.— The usual monthly Band of Hope meeting in connecting with the Wesleyan Sunday School, Darling street, Balmain, was held on Monday evening, Mr. J. B. Welch in the chair. A large number of members and their friends were present. After the chairman s address an interesting programme was con tributed to by the Misses E, Coyell, E. ; Simcoe, E. McDonald, E, Laws, E. Day, M. McDonald, A. Stokes; F. Rose, J, Bovd, and Masters . M. Spmuierville and E. Bogle. Mr, J. Matthew also gave an appropriate address, dwelling upon' the ruination ' strong drink effects upon .many lives.. Eight persons signed the pledge. The secoiid quarterly meeting -will be held on Monday, December 10. Deodorant. — Arrangements have beetr by. the Borough Council for the supply of | ? d'sderising powder mid ratY- 1 payers by Mr. D. O'Sullivan. Auy failure in I rcspcct to this supply should be made known to thc Inspector of Nuisauccs. Swimming Matches.— To-daylhe 200 yards handicapwiil be 'ftwum off '-in the Corporation Baths, Elkington Park,.at 3.30 p.m. This J is the /first of a »eries of fort nightly swimming' handicaps^ and we' have no doubt that they will be most successful. The entrance, is J s.. We also see that tea. ders are called, by advertisement, for the completion of theroof'at-the baths, so that very soon every comfort will be found at Mr. Fergus son's bathing establishment, ; Cottage Hospital.— Before going to press : wc made enquiries at the Cottage Hospital, and were glad to learn that there were no serious _cases during the week. We learned, however, that the beds were nearly full, al though the cases were not such as to require ariy special record from us, 1 Balmain Regatta.— Monday night next; 'has been chosen as tho date for distribut ing prizes in connection with the above. His Worship, the Mayor, is to preside. The prizes this year are quite equal to those of the past, and while? we hope'to see a large attendance of the public, wo would also suggest that the prize winners might show their appreciation of the committee's work by making a general donation to the funds of the regatta in order to help to wipe out tho deficit of 1887. It is only fair that boating men should help in' these mitters, even more' so than land-lubbers. Kxcdbsion to Cabauita.— The combined Wesleyan Snnday Schools take their annual excursion to Cabarita on Wednesday next. The steamer 'Genista' is chartered for the occasion, and leaves Bald Rock at 8, 10,12, and 2 o'clock calling at Stephen, Darling. Cove and Weston-streets, as per advertisement. A most enjoyable trip is provided fir. and no doubt a groat, many will avail themselves of the chance for a good outing. Memorial Service.— On Sunday even ing (to-morrow) a memorial service is to be held in the Town Hall in connection with the death of Thomas Bardsloy and Thomas Nettleton, -who were drowned on Prince of Walos Birthday. The service will be conducted by the Bev. G. Hounsell, the pastor of the United Methodist Church, Elliott-street, assisted by Mr. W. L. Dash, J.P., P.D.C.B. of the I.O.B. Special hymns have been selected for the occasion, and will be provided for tho congregation. A large choir will lead the singing under the conductorship of Mr, Paiker. Mr. A. J. Spooner will preside at the organ. Under the energetic secretary, Mr. Pagdin-, all necessary arrangements have been carried out and wo have no doubt that the Town Hall will be crowded to its utmost capacity. The service commences at seven o'clock and a collection will be made to defray expenses. Mutual Improvement.— The usual weekly meeting of the Balmain Mutual Improvement Association was held on Fri day, Novomber 16th, in ths school room, Llewellyn-street. Mr. H. Shaw, V.P., presided, and a large number of members were present. Apologies were received from Rev. W. G. B. Stephinson and Mr. Geo. Jones for non-attendance. Arrange ments were completed for the debate with Boulevard M. I. Society. The order of the day, impromptu addresses, was then pro cooded with,- several interesting subjects being introduced. Tho order of the day for Friday. Nov. 30th, is a debate .upon ' Local option without compensation,' when_ a very spirited debate is ex pected. Mr. Goo. Jones,JPremier, Mr. J. B. Louat, leader of the opposition. Visitors are cordially invited. A Balmain Launch.— On Monday last the ' Dayspring ' was sent off the slips at Mr. Fenwick's yards, Balmain, most suc cessfully. The vessel' is a steamer built by Mr. W. Drake for Mr. John Fenwick, the well known tug and water tank proprietor. At about 0 o'clock on Monday morning last the vessel was released from tbe ways and by a son of the owner was christened the ' Dayspring.' The length of the vessel is 80 feet over all, and her beam is 16 feet 4 inches ; the depth of hor hold being seven feet; Her planking is of Kauri pine; with hardwood top streak and bilge streak. She is copper fastened throughout. The Elections.— The municipal atmos phere is becoming heavy with surmises and conjectures as to who is coming out, what ward so and so will contest, and what' are his chances of success. We suppose the municipal elements will be raining upon us in abundance of eloquence, &c.;, until after election day. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. E. B. Cropley was held last night, when it was decided to bring him out for the West Ward, against Aid: Walsh, Mr. H. M. Hyde contests tho Middle Ward against Aid. Bodwell. In the North Ward Messrs. Anderson, Little and Millett opposes Aid. Winkle. The East Ward will possibly be a walk over for the Mayor. The Eev. J, Dixon. —On Sunday week Dec. '2', the first anniversary of Mr. Dixon'8 incumbency will be hold and sermons will be preached by the Eev. W. Swindlehurst, of St. James', Newcastle. On the follow ing evening a tea meeting will be held, and after tea there will be a concert, at' which several friends haye kindly offered assistance, ten or twelve children will also delight the audience with ' The quarrel of thoflowers,'andone or two addresses will be delivered. The services ought to be of an interesting charaoter, and the Monday evening programme is a most inviting one. Full particulars are promised next Satur day's issue. Ball,— The Prince Imperial Social Club gave a ball in tho Masonic Hall last night which was a very enjoyable affair and well attended. The arrangements were good, so was the music, andjast, but not least, wc must give a deserved word of praise to the catering of Mr. Karl Schmidt, of Darling-street, which drew encomiums on all sides. St. Joseph's School Picnic.— On Monday next the annual picnic of the above school will be held at Chowder Bay. Full particulars are given in our advertising columns. These gatherings are always enjoyable, and in con nection with this one special attractions have been provided in the form of a geod band, racing, football, quoits, cricket and other sports. Steamers wil run every hour from Bald Rock, and Reynolds, Stephen, and Dar ling streets. It will bc seen by advertisement that Mr. J : Prentice announces the sale of his stock at greatly reduced rates, preparatory to hisleaving Balmain. Entertainment, — To-nigV.t a grand enter tainment is announced to take place in the Temperance Hall in aid of the Life Boat Band of Hope. The entertainment is given by the ivm|nrtnuv,u tuiiiaiiaui nuupo. Wesleyan Sunday School, — The forty; third anniversary of the' Darling-street Wes leyan Sunday school will be celebrated to morrow. The Rev. J. A. Bowring will preach in the morniug nnd the Rev. Dr. Kelynack in the evening. At three o'clock p.m. a' flower service will be conducted by the Rev. J. G. Martin. On Wednesday, December 5th, a service of song will be given, which we will notice in our next issue. The Balmain West Superior Publis .School children are to hold their annual prize fund conccrt on the 5th December. A special pro gramme of part songs by the children will be very attractive, and a good programme is being arranged in the matter of soloists. We understand that M'Donald is to' stroke the N.S.W, Eight-oar boat to-lay, in place of Belbridgc, who takes sixth oar. The change took place last evening. Requisition.— In our busiuess columns wc publish two requisitions in connection with the Leichhardt aldermanic elections, which show that a strong and earnest fight will be made for the scats of West and North Wards. The requisition of Mr. R. B. Cropley (a man pos sessing a good deal of municipal knowledge) for-, the . West, Ward contains a very large ? number of influential names, over 70 of which are published. For.the North Ward Mr. Little : has nearly 60 names published and others not ' auuouuccd. This latter gentleman has taken a good deal of interest iu municipal att'uird aud commands general respect. Mr. Millett has aleo announced himself as a candidate, us will be seen in our advertising columns. . ' EsJOTABLii 'Ficnio..— The Scotilnnen ' be longing to the Balmain Thistle Club aunouncc their picnic for the 9th December at Cabarita, It is likely to be a vorjr BUcce'sBful affair. On Wednesday night Sir Henry Parkes moved the address to Her. Majesty of which he had given notice relative to the colony having a yoice in the appointment of its future Governors. This debate was carried out in what may be truly described as a ' national ' spirit, such a tone pervading tbe speeches throughout. In no discussion, which has taken place of late years in the Assembly, has the House risen more fully to the dignity of its position. Party lines were, for the time, obliterated, the motion of the Premier being seconded by the leader of the Opposition, who in his spccch pertinently remarked that 'there was some latent movement in the minds of the people of these shores in the direction of what the colonies must eventu ally become. Messrs. Garvan. Reid, Wise, Slattery, McMillan, Lyne and others took part in the debate, and Mr. David Buchanan moved an amendment that the political connection of the colony with Great Britian was in jurious, on which he delivered a characteristic speech. The only support he received was from Mr. David Walkar, who thought the present time opportune for bringing about a change in their political relations. The matter was pressed to a division, .when the numbers stood at 45 to 2, the minority be ing Messrs. Buchanan and Walker. There can be no doubt that when the news of the debate reaches Downing-street. the impres sion will inevitably be produced that the colony, indeed we may say, all the colonies, have a decided opinion on the question of Australian nationality. In the Assembly the Government had to re? ply to numerous questions, including that by , Mr. Melville 'about the ghost at Little Bay Hospital. The incident of the sitting' was a telegram from Sir Thomas Mcllwraitb, ' Premier of Queensland, to Sir Henry Parkes who read it to the Honsc. Sir Thomas ex pressed the '-sincercst pleasure ' he ex perienced in reading the telegraphed account of the Colonial Governors' Debate, nnd sug gested tliat some proposition should come from ? Sir Henry to bring all the colonies into a united Federal : Council. The message was loudly chccred on both sides of the' Chamber. The debate on Ways nnd Means was then re sumed, in which the principal speaker was Mr. Garvan. who merci'essly dissected the Treasurer's financial statement, showing con clusively that there was no surplus. Mr. Lyne was equally severe on Mr Burns; who. how iver. was not to bo I rought to his feet, and . said that Mr. Garvan's incisive Bpeech 'was not worth answering.'' The debate was then adjourned. The House then set to more con genial work, and passed the second reading of the Payment of Members'-Bill by 24 votes t o 12\. The Bill was then passed through com mittee without amendment. ? ?* *? 