'^TKfiWSiiA^HV.*- -'- It is an oH allegory likening the mind of man to a walled city, with its eye gate, ear gate, and other inlets of sense ; but in the .last great siege the invested, inhabi tants looked upwards to the open sky and sent and received messages by balloon and pigeon posts. Would it beatretohlng the allegory too far to suggest that the mind of man can receive messages in a superaensory _ way 1 .That there is, In fact, a 'telepathic' post open when the senses are closed % r-l - . ..... . , To furnish evidence of ~ this possibility the authors of the work under notice have collected in all nearly 1,000 cases of com munication from one person to another under circumstances ; excluding the action of tiie ordinary Bensea. They have broadly- divided the subject into two parta-^-' Experimental Telepaphy' and ^Unconscious Telepathy'— the first being the one most readily brought under scien tific treatment. Here the agent pur posely endeavours to convey a mental impression. The percipient lays him self open to' receive such impression. Contact during the reproduction of the mental impression is avoided, the ordi nary exhibitions of (.( thought-reading' being' put aside by the authors as 'muscle^reading.' Under the influence -of this conscious telepathy, words,' names, numbers, cards, diagranu,.taates, odours, pains have been named, reproduced, or indicated with a general correctness far exceeding'mere chance Experiments in this branch of telepathy can readily be made, the only two requisites being ex treme care that all sense avenues are stopped and perfect honesty in recording results, failures as well as successes. Upon the basis established by experi mental ' telepathy the authors proceed to build up the Becond part of their sub ject, ''Unconscious Telepathy.' Here impressions are received in dreams, in the waking state, and in the border-land between sleeping and waking, the agents (or persons about whom the impression is received) being usually In Borne crisis, distress of mind, severe illness, or most frequently, at the point of death. It will be at once seen that here our old. friends the 'ghost atoriea' find place, but In lien of 'apparitions of the dead' the authors seek an explana tion In 'phantasms of the living.' It must not, however, be supposed that the cases brought forward are a mere un critical compilation of the old stories to be found in works devoted to these pleasing horrors; on the contrary, the cases upon which the authors rely are authenticated by full names and addresses, are recent, are supported by collateral testimony and documentary evidence, and tested (aa to dates) by public registers. Such only are admitted as first- class. (Some of the cases are supplied by well known South Australians.) In most cases, too, the authors are able to establish that the percipients were not subject to similar impressions, the one circumstancpi standing out aa a unique event in their lives. Sometimes the ' im pression' is so vivid as to give rise to 'hallucination,' the percipient seeing his friend's form or hearing Mis voice, but for details the work itself must he referred to, as it is the accumulation of evidence that gives its strength. Any one casa may be explained away by chance coinci dence, but scarcely many hundreds. If the person In peril exhibits extreme anxiety as to how his death will affect his relative or friend (dying, perhaps, with his name upon his lips) it may not be sur prising that the distant percipient should be affected; the easels not much unlike 'experimental' telepathy. But when a man's head is unexpectedly cut off, or he ifl suddenly rendered Insensible by a blow, it is hard to see what opportunity he has to send a telepathic message ! Again, the percipients are sometimes strangers. Why should the agent trouble himself about them, or why should his influence affect them when no previous bond of con nection had been established? Then there are the 'collective' cases, where several percipients are affected at once. Is the message addressed to each, or is only one affected, and he in turn affects those near him? Another point not touched upon by the authors is, what is the medium by which telepathic influences are conveyed? ,A distent sound sets the air in motion and by its mediation the ear is affected. For the conveyance of light and electricity a hypothetical aether has had to be in vented ; are we to burthen it still further with telepathic work. But whatever may be the difficulties of the subject, our thanks are certainly due to the joint authors for a very carefully collected mass of evidence for some very interesting in troductory matter, and for at all events a good working hypothesis. We subjoin one case (No. 17, p. 188, vol. 1) as an example. 'The parties concerned are Mr. Arthur Severn, the distinguished landscape-painter, and his wife, and the narrative was obtained through the kind ness of Mr. Raskin.' Mrs. Severn's letter is dated October 27, 1883, and the occurrence took place about three years before. 'I woke up with a start, feeling I had had a hard blow on my mouth, and with a distinct sense that I had been cut and was bleeding under my upper lip, and seized my pocket- handkerchief and held it, In a little pushed lump, to the part, as I sat up in bed, and after a few seconds . when I removed it I was astonished not to see any blood, and only then realized it was impossible anything could have struck me there as I lay fast asleep in bed, and bo I thought it was only a dream ! but I looked at my watch, and it waa 7, and finding Arthur (my husband) was not in the room I concluded (rightly) that he must have gone out on the lake for an early sail, as it was bo fine. ' I then feUaaleep. At breakfast (iulf past 9) Arthur came in rather late, and I noticed ha' rather purposely sat further away from me than usual, and every now and then put Mb pockethandkerchief furtively up to his lip in the very way I had done. I said, 'Arthur, why are' you doing that?' and added, a little anxiously, I 1 know you have hurt yourself, but I will tell you why afterwards.' He said, 'Well! when I was sailing, a sudden squall came, throwing the tiller suddenly round, and it Btruck me a bad blow in the mouth under the upper lip, and it has been bleeding a good deal and won't stop.' I 'then said, 'Have you any idea what o'clock it was when it happened1?' and he answered, 'It must have, been about 7.' I then told, what had happened tome, much to his surprise, and all who were withusatDreakfaBt.' : . Then, as usual, further enquiries were made,'1 and Mrs. Severn states that she even 'looked under her lip to see if. there was any mark,' and Mr. Severn, under date of N6vember:l5, writes a letter de tailing the circumstances from his point of view;, and .mentions the care he took to hidethematterfromhiswife./ ; ♦ 'Phantasms of the Living ' by.Gorney, Myers, & Podmore. 2 vols,, l,4irpages. 