ANGLICAN CHURCH NEWS. [Communicated.] The Rev. W. J. Thorburn will give an address at the evening service at the Cathedral to-night (Thursday), at 7.30 p.m., on missionary work. The new Rector of Carnarvon spent five years in India, in the diocese of Madras, and was instrumental in promoting the kindliest feelings between all classes of his parishioners, European and native. He sails on Friday for the North, and leaves Perth with the assurance of a very hearty welcome whenever he may be able to revisit it. Services will be started with as little delay as possible at the suburban end Of Beaufort street. Hopes are entertained that funds may be forthcoming, say from 2250 to 3000, with which to erect a small chapel on an available site in that neighbourhood, at the junction of Beaufort street, Lincoln-street, and Burt street. A plain, small edifice, capable of future enlargement, when necessary, is all that will be necessary, and will enable us to establish a centre for future religious activities. Only what is to be done should be done at once, if possible. Services will very probably be commenced in a " Church Tent." A meeting of the members of the guild of St. George will be held on Thursday, September 6, at 8 p.m., in the schoolroom, when an address on the growth and development of the early Church, and its warnings to ourselves, will be given by the Dean. Any com- municants desiring to join the guild should communicate with one of the clergy] with Mr. W. Stevens, so one of the Council. All members should endeavour to be present. The Girls' Friendly Society's Lodge, in St. George's Terrace, was opened on Tuesday evening. For two or three days past white- washing and scrubbing had been going on diligently, and when the room was opened in the evening it looked very pretty, cheerful, and attractive. Pictures adorned the walls, curtains and ottomans of brilliant colour added brightness, and the books and papers, in addition to perhaps the most important of all-a piano most kindly lent by Miss Moore, promised interest anafdnrasem'ent for all. By 8 o'clock the room was full over 50 persons being present altogether. Mrs. Mason and Miss Jones kindly gave some music, and the Dean addressed those present on the objects of the Society. It was announced that the room would be open to the members every evening from 7.30 to 9.30, and that some occupation or amusement would generally be provided from 8 till 9. The room would also be open from 3 to 5 o'clock. There are over 20 Associates, and 25 joined as members and received their cards. The G.F.S. here is in treaty with the Society of that name at home, and the members of one will be at once received on their changing their abode as members of the other. At St. David's Cathedral, Hobart, special services of praise are being held on August 5th and 19th, in the afternoon. On each occasion the Bishop gives an address, and music of Farrant's, Mendelssohn's, Gounod's, and Hadyn's is snag with organ and orchestral accompaniment. On the second occasion the band of the Hobart Garrison was to assist. It is announced that the service is to be distinctly an act of praise, and not given simply for the sake of pleasing the ear and it is to be hoped that it will be productive of spiritual blessing, both in awakening a spirit of devotion where dormant, and in deepening it where it already exists. Dr. Billing was consecrated as Bishop of Bedford, and Archdeacon Thicknesse as Bishop of Leicester on July 15th at St. Paul's Cathedral. The Lambeth Conference sat at the beginning of July. It was preceded by a reception of the Bishops at Canterbury. On St. Peter's Day, there was the usual Festival at St. Augustine's training College for Missionaries, when the venerable Metropolitan of Canada, Bishop Medley of Frederlaton preached an excellent sermon in the Chapel. On the following day the Archbishop of Canterbury, formally received his right reverend brethren at the College, and after luncheon, they proceeded to the Cathedral where His Grace addressed words of welcome to the members of the Conference, about a hundred of whom were present. On Sunday morning the Bishop of Sydney preached a remarkable sermon at the Cathedral, from Ez.XLvii. 3 5, a mystical text which the most rev. prelate proceeded to expound as an allegory of which we held the key, an allegory setting forth the work of the Holy Ghost in the soul and in the Church. On Monday evening the Archbishop of Canterbury preached at Westminster Abbey, when in spite of dismal weather, there was a vast m uster. His Grace's discourse contained many noticeable passages, among which we may mention his warning against weakening the Episcopate by excessive subdivision. The actual opening of the Conference took place on Monday morning. It was preceded by a celebration of the Holy Eucharist at Lambeth Palace chapel. The preacher was the Bishop of Minnesota, a veteran member of the American Episcopate, who has done good service among the Indians. The deliberations of the Conference are conducted in private, and nothing is known until they are published officially. The Bristol Bishopric fund is pretty well complete, and the appointment will shortly be made. The members and Sunday School teachers in connection with the Congregational Chapel in the Parish of Short Heath, Wolverhampton, having expressed to the Vicar, the Rev. G. W. Johnson, a desire to come up to the Church, on Sunday July 1st, the Chapel was opened as a Mission Room in connection with the Parish Church. Some questions are being raised at home, by persons only partially informed on the subject, as to the propriety of the words used in an Anglican Bishop's oath of homage "I acknowledge that I hold the Lord Bishop prize, as well the spiritualities, as the tem- poralities thereof, only of your Majesty." The word " Spirituulities " does not mean spiritual authority, which of course comes from God, but a certain kind of Ecclesiastical revenue and consequently there is no spark of Erastianism, as is alleged, to be found in the matter. The Rev. G. R. Greig, who was for nearly 30 years Chaplain of the Forces, has passed away at the age of 92. He began life as a soldier and fought in the Peninsula Cam- paigns of 1813, 1894. In 1899 he was ordained, and he finally resigned in 1875 on account of ill-health. 