BALLARAT CHRONICLES AND PICTURES. BY W. B. WITHERS, Author of the “ History of Ballarat,” “Reminiscences,” “Eustace Hopkins,” “The Westons,” &c.;, &c.; In Christ Church Pro Cathedral there is a memorial window with this inscription:— “Erected in loving memory of Archdeacon Potter by his Sunday schools.” There is, in the temporary uorth transept, too, a font in Caen stone, on which is the following inscrip tion:—“ln memory of C. R. Littlehales, February 12th, 1555. Presented by his parents.” This was in grateful remembrance of loving help given in sickness to the now dead soldier of the Stockade epoch. The author knew them all, aud though born before them all is left to record their death, and place in life and death, where they all, with different modes aud differing faiths,dived the one life of Christiau devoted ness to duty, showing the essential unity of their faith in the essential aim and purpose aud achievements of their several lives. In ■October, IS6O, there came to the Bal larat Presbytery from the Geelong kirk, where 51r Tait had been minister, a deputa tion with a unanimous call to the Rev. W. Henderson, bat after polite entertainment the deputation aud the call were bowed out, for Mr Henderson had cast in his fortunes with the St. Andrew’s people, and he elected to remain where he was. The first bishop of the Romati Catholic diocese of Ballarat lies buried in the north transept of St. Patrick’s Cathedral. There is no tablet, but on the chancel wall at the head of the grave, there hangs at the time of this writing a piece of cardboard with the following inscription:— “Of your charity pray for the repose of the soul of the Most Reverend Michael O’Connor, D.D., first bishop of Ballarat, who died 14th Febru ary, ISS3.” Thereto is appended a list of the indulgences obtainable in the name of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, to the number in all TOO. The bishop had the reputation of being zealous aud benevolent, and of being much loved by his flock. He was succeeded by his dean,James Moore, D. 0., who had been iu charge of the distiict before the creation of the diocese. Bishop U’Oouuor was of middle height, stout, having the Napoleonic com plexion without the eye-fire and glare of that eagle spirit. Who has not seen him about the streets or the cathedral reserve with his dean who was to succeed him in the episcopate ? The second bishop was tall, sparer, wirier, less typically Irish, with larger organising, administering, governing, acquir ing faculty. Him the author saw often, but never had speech with him. Of the other three sub pioneers the Scot was the widest and robustest mind, and the most scholarly. He only of all four contributed to the Christian literature of the times works which, if some of his admirers are to he believed, have almost the touch of geuius, aud will live. All four live revered in the memory of those who knew them best, though, doubt less, not one of them was a perfect man, yet all, the author verily believes, were of those of whom it has been said—“Hegiveth His beloved sleep.” 1 fancy myself aslTed—“ Do you remem ber Henderson ?” aud reply, “ Aye, poor ghost. He is before me in divers scenes. I see him, uow a quarter century ago, lay ing the foundation stoue of St. Audrew’s Kiik of to-day, his more thau six feet of young stalwart manho.od overtopped with massive black hair. His voice was clear, rugged, earnest. His eye bright with the kindly light of intelligence and humor, lit up with glimpses of that other light “ that never was on sea or land.” I see him fight ing with his critics over his book “ Christi anity and Modem Thought,” pelting them with words from Heilas, psychicos, and pneu maffcos, and what not, smothering them with heavy, rugged passages of German, or rallying them upon their igno rance, aud in the back ground one of his own fold hurling the Westminster Con fession at him, whilst the minister played around with fanciful trinities and scholarly quips. Years after that he published “If aud what,” lectures on Theism, delivered iu his kirk, aud having in them some subtle ties of thought laboring to make the mystery of the incarnation philosophically credible to the doubters. He said iu the preface that he thought he had a call from a higher than human source to speak, and he published in answer to a human call, wishing and praying the book “ may clear the minds of some of those who read of clouds of doubt that may have gathered over them.” I see him in his uniform, as a captain of the Ballarat Rangers, preaching from the pulpit of his new kirk to his comrades, and then marching with the battalion, gait ungraceful, yet man ful and soldierly. I see a meeting between him aud Archdeacon Sliiel, of St. Patrick’s, opposite, after a gale had blown down the west wall of St. Audrew’s, then a-buildiug. The Irishman slily joked the Scot about the l’riuce of the powers of the air, and pointed to the prostrate wall. “ Ah,” retorted the ready Scot., as his eye twinkled with the fun, “ he hasn’t the same grudge against you, perhaps.” Once, in some controversy with the editor of The Stew, the archdeacon tripped in his syntax in a latiu quotation, and the uusauctified editor did not lose the opportunity for a little correctional gibe. But the good old priest survived the editor’s joke, survived to be consecrated, in St. Fnaucis’, Melbourne, on the loth August, ISSG, Bishop of Adelaide, where he died. The archdeacon was a pious soul, and a merry, flow hard he worked in 1565-6 in the erection of the handsome stone and iron fence round the St. Patrick’s reserve in place of the uld rude post aud rail fence that had done duty since the primitive days. How dearly he loved his pinch of snuff; even iu the midst of the holy mysteries, and how zealous he was withal. How often have I seen the spare, merry eyed, little priest pacing to and fro in the St. Patrick’s reserve, with his cap and gown, aud his breviary', whose perusal would ever and anon be ac companied by an exhilarating recourse to the snuff-box. Being in jiartibits he did his best to save my heathen soul by leudiug me Newman’s “ Apologia,” then just out. Twice I read it and was fascinated—as who is not?—but, alas, not converted. The little, genial, catholic as well as' Catholic archdeacon was after that, as we have said, made Bishop of Adelaide, and soon thereafter died. Rest his soul, and all souls in God our Heavenly' Father. So, too, will pray Father Smythe, who in October, ISSG, was removed by his bishop to the parish of Castlemaiue. The estimation in which that philanthropic priest was held in Ballarat, was indicated by the following remarks iu TheSlar of that day:—“Hislate congregation feel the separation keenly, aud are most anxious, by every legitimate means, to secure Mr Smythe’s return.” Then after referring to his “ scholarly attainments and gentlemanly bearing,” the same journal says: —“lt is now over two years since Father Smythe was appointed to Ballarat; he has passed through trying times the meanwhile, iu a manner which not only gained for him the love and gratitude of his own communi cants, but earned for himself the respect and esteem of those of all creeds.” This amiable priest wassuspected by'someoftheGovernment officials of an ultra-clerical activity in sup port of the insurgent movement, but as there is no satisfactory evidence of his disloyalty, and as what is uttra-elerical in that direction is quite an arguable problem, the pastor who did so much of his professional work well, must have the benefit of the doubts. This is only fair, even if we see that the en thusiasm of some newspaper writers of that time, and the nationality of others, must be taken as qualifying elements in their praise of Lalor’s spiritual if not political adviser. But to our Presbyterian again. I see the militant Scot as he crouches with Major Smith, Captain Campbell, aud myself, in a tent upon the wind-swept, rain-soaked Wer ribee plains one night of hurricane violence in the sixties. He was the life of the tent and helped to make night jovial amid the fury of the tempest. There was no sleep for .tls, for all but the Major lay in straw sprinkled soft mud, aud the ehaplain- eaptain .gibed at the Major’s more luxurious water pr.oof mattrass, joined iu quip aud crank and jolly wile, or made rare citations from Horace that were caviare as well to the Major and the as to the general reporter, and w,ere, therefore, done into vulgar English for our greater mirth. How we laughed as we clung to the weather timbers of the tent whilst the wind burst upon it in 'savage gusts, and how, night over and tempest gone, we grimly grinned as, stiff and weary and wet, we got .outside aud saw that whole lines of tents, like the Assyrian host, “ lay scat tered aud strewn.” All me! the lay captain and the chaplain-captain, both are gone. The layman has his record in many public services, and in the reading-room of the Mechanics’ Institute is a marble tablet ft erected to commemorate the donation of £5O bequeathed to the Ballarat Mechanics’ Institute by Matthew Campbell, a worthy and useful citizen of Ballarat 1866." I see the chaplain i“ my house marrying to the man of her choice a young, loying, loveable, gifted woman, whose footsteps I had watched from childhood to womanhood. In a few brief months I see him by the dead bride’s coffin ministering in the sad but hope-borne rites of sepulture. Last vision of all, after a few more years had gone and he had been to New Zealand in quest of the better health that was never more to be his, I met him in Sturt street opposite to his Kirk. Our words were brief, and to me were inexpressibly sad. The once black tresses were streaked with white; the gauut face was hollow-eyed; tho tall form was bent; the baud of death was even then upon him. We never met again. (To be continued). 