Local and General. "THE BRIG THAT CARRIES US O'ER." — It is intended to have a little bit of a shivvo at the opening of the Yatala bridge. MELBOURNE EXHIBITION.— The Com- missioners earnestly call attention to people desirous of sending exhibits to the forth- coming exhibition. Particulars in another column. FRASER'S PAY.— We think that R. Fraser had just cause of complaint against his pay being kept too much behind for the Yatala bridge. The contract is for £3,000, and the bridge will be planked in a fortnight, and yet he is only paid up half. We think he is entitled to a little more than allowed. INQUEST.— On Monday last James Savage, J.P., held an inquest in the Court House, Beenleigh, on cause of death of John Amos who was accidentally drowned at the road bridge, Yatala, on Friday, 24th February. The witnesses examined were Archibald Currie, Dennis Grogan, Archibald Mac- Gregor, and Constable Butterworth. From file evidence of Currie it appeared that de- ceased and Currie were engaged on the pile engine and were altering one of the girders with a bar, when he overbalanced himself and fell into the water. Grogan and Macgregor jumped in after him. Grogan got hold of him when a man named Burke came up with a boat and it caught Grogan on the eye and he let Amos go. It was stated that Burke was not to blame as he could not see where Grogan came up. The body was recovered about 3 o'clock. The other witnesses confirmed the state- ment, and it was generally admitted that there was no one to blame. The deceased was a native of the Channel Islands, 40 years of age, and had only been in the colony 12 months. Mr. Savage entered the cause of death as an accident, and for- warded the papers to their proper destina- tion. MEETING OF CREDITORS.— The first meet- ing of creditors in the insolvent estate of George Bashford, railway contactor, of Ipswich, was held on Tuesday last, before Mr. William Bell, Registrar of the Supreme Court, and the following debts were proved: Robert Henderson, £487 18s 9d ; Shillito and Sons, £61 11s ; Cribb and Foote, £126 10s 4d ; G. J. Seabrook, £941 0s 10d ; A. Shaw and Co, £154 8s 2d, the Hon. P. Perkins, £217 5s 3d ; Samuel Pitt, £265 ; Thomas Shaw, £900 ; Perkins and Co., Limited, £382 14s 11d. Mr. Joseph Peir- son, accountant, was appointed to be trus- tee in the estate without securtty, at a commission of 5 per cent, on all assets realised. Messrs Samuel Shillito, of Pim- pama Bridge, Thomas Shaw, of Ipswich, and Robert Henderson, of Pimpama Bridge, were appointed a committee of inspection. The Amateur Minstrels. — Last Friday evening week (24 Feb.) the local company, under the management of Mr. Matthews and company, gave their first effort to en- tertain the public. There was a very good house, the evening being fine, and the company very encouraging. Under the good chairmanship of Mr. Spilsted the ring was well managed, and Mr. Matthews as "bones" was killing, and Mr. Potter as "tambo" quite a cure. The various songs were fairly well rendered, but a sameness and want of fuller expression was very apparent. This, no doubt, will be got over by further practice and more confidence. The full orchestra was very good in the opening chorus — "marching through Georgia" The usual conundrums, inter- spersed with the songs, were quite amusing and the old saw of the Rhine was received with such applause that several smiled audibly whilst a certain party changed colours as brilliant as a chameleon in a favourable light. In the second part, the general business was lighter and a good deal livilier — Messrs. Wright and Butter- worth displaying most elegant costumes, with provoking mirth and splendour. The concluding farce of the "Doctor shop in an uproar" was really good, and amongst moderate professionals could scarcely have been excelled. Matthews, as Pete, was excruciatingly picturesque ; whilst some of the ladies felt so entranced that it was a great question if a coloured husband with such killing manners as Pete displayed could after all be an objectionable husband. Spilstead was good as Dr. Hemlock ; and Potter, Cahill, and Rowbottom were simply perfect as fever stricken, bed ridden, halt and lame patients, desirous of having plenty of medicine for their money or for their complaints. The receipts were satisfactory, and are to be divided among local wants. The company go to Beaudesert on 16th and 17th March, and we feel sure they will have crowded halls, as they richly deserve to be well patronised. BEAUDESERT EXTENSION.— We are in- debted to Mr. De B. Persse for the follow- ing information :— On Thursday last Mr. Stanley, Chief Engineer ; Mr. Curnow, Commissioner for Railways ; Mr. Thallon, Traffic Manager, with Mr. Annett and other officers of the Railway Department visited the Logan Village extension to Beaudesert by special train to inspect the line now nearly ready for opening. Mr. Mason, the contractor, showed the gentle- men over all the bridges and works and offered every facility to accommodate the department. After thoroughly examining everything and consulting together, Mr. Persse was informed that the railway de- partment would agree to the public wish for special trains on the 16th and 17th March, to the Beaudesert races from South Brisbane, the Beenleigh train working in to Bethania. That this is by the consent of Mr. Mason, and that the department will not officially open the line till about the 2nd of April. Every convenience also will be granted by Mr. Mason for horses being carried over his section on those days. The officers then examined the Overend railway bridge. It was arranged to have it ready for testing on Saturday next, the 10th instant, so that we may congratulate ourselves that communication with Bris- bane will not be so disagreeable and the receipt of our goods so fitful and inter- mittent as it has been for the last twelve months. Of course, the inhabitants of Beaudesert were not apprised of the visit of the railway authorities or they might have prepared a good reception for them. There was no time for Mr. Persse to inform them. As it was, we think the Beaudesert people have every reason to be proud of Mr. Persse's unceasing attention to the public wishes, and may well feel proud that his labours have been so far very successful. ALBERT ELECTORATE.— A correspondent telegraphs: — Mr. Plunkett, a candidate for Parliamentary honors, held his first political meeting at the School of Arts, Caningera Creek, on Friday evening, and met with a most enthusiastic reception. There were nearly fifty electors present. Mr. James W. Lahey, of Lahey Bros., presided, and spoke in the most flattering terms of Mr. Plunkett as a candidate for Albert, and urged upon his hearers to give him their warmest support. The candidate's remarks were listened to with evident in- terest. A vote of confidence in Mr. Plun- kett as a fit and proper person to represent the Albert district in the Legislative Assembly was carried unanimously with cheers and musical honors. A warm vote of thanks to the chairman ended the meet- ing. — 'Courier.' TRICKETT'S CONDITION.— The Rockhamp- ton 'Bulletin' of Saturday last says that Trickett is in the best of health, and ex- pects to come to the post in his match with Hanlan at 13st. or 8lb heavier than he was when he rowed his last race three years ago. He has been prevented from doing rowing exercise owing to the river being flooded, but he does a great deal of walking and running. When he started training on Monday week he weighed 16st. He now weighs 15st. FOR THE LOGAN TRADE.— There was launched on Saturday afternoon, March 18, from Mr. S. Babbidge's boat building es- tablishment, South Brisbane, a smart and strong-looking schooner, which was chris- tened the Gazelle, and which is intended for the timber trade between the Logan and Brisbane. She has been built to the order of Mr. Charles Sims, of Loganholme, and has capacity for 17 tons of cargo, which she will carry on a very light draught, a feature which renders her specially suitable for the navigation of shallow waters. The Gazelle is built on very fine and graceful lines, and will no doubt prove a fast sailer. Her principal dimensions are: Length, 41ft. ; beam, 13ft. 6in. ; and depth of hold, 4ft 6in. The timbers, which are unusually strong for a vessel of her size, are all of ironbark, while the planking and decking are of the best American pine. She is a clinker-built boat, with a straight stem and counter stern. The hatch is sufficiently large to admit of timber measuring 30ft. in length being easily stowed in the hold, and there is a comparatively large and comfortable-looking cabin aft. The Gazelle is well and faith- fully built, and reflects great credit on the builder NO ACCOUNTING FOR TASTE.— An Ameri- can paper contains accounts of two strange elopements — a clergyman's daughter with a Tuscarors Indian and a pretty school- mistress with a negro "as black as a trump spade." In the first case it appears the Indian told a clergyman's daughter, aged seventeen that he was a Spaniard, and lived with some titled Europeans, and by whom he was employed. They eloped, but returned in a few days, and sought for- giveness. The indignant relatives, having ascertained that the man was a ne'er-do- well Indian, ordered him out of the house. A fight followed, and he was kicked and pounded mercilessly, and threatened with tar and feathers if he shoved his face in the neighborhood. The girl's brother is hunt- ing for him, intent on murder. It seems that the schoolmistress, who eloped with the negro, had no lack of admirers, but turned a deaf ear to all their protestations of love, and seemingly went about her work "like a level-headed girl." Her conduct has shocked her friends. THE ARGUS ON SPIRITUALISM.— Spiritualism, the "great medium" of the credulous white man, seems to have arisen out of the prevalent superstition regarding haunted houses, where ghastly raps and footballs are heard, and where spirits pro- menade in midnight darkness. As a rule, it has been chiefly distinguished by im- potsure on the one side and credulity on the other. In its serious aspect as a phenomenon of the human mind it may, perhaps, be regarded as a protest against science. Feeding that much scientific teaching was materialistic, many good people hate been carried away by the desire to find some tangible visible proof of the reality of existence after death, and to bring the kingdom of heaven to sight. They would have had a triumphant answer to all doubts had they been able to gain guidance and consolation, enlightenment and strength, by communion with the de- parted. But, unfortunately, the spirits seem to be capable of no more than bang- ing furniture and writing trashy sentences in an almost illegible style. Like the ghosts of the savages, they haunt the darkness. The main difference is that the savage honestly feared the spirits, and did everything to keep them at a distance ; the civilised man tries to induce them to visit him in vain ; the former imagines beings, the latter adds a fanciful system of theorising. 