\- Pf H t "l I 1 " — - &£' y U N' D A Y' IS ERY, I a Ks :_M: gd! ' gsa BAKHST bijah. ' "he %n)liversaryzer.y|g|.s/:at tins Church we,fl coiitinuv4,-yes»erday mommgand eveuinp n-i „ the Revs. W. A. Whitnvy and J/ Chelan "pieaclied at the respective services.."/' In |i, jnoruing. the text taken waq front Luke 9th chapter, ;5lst' verse-!-" Arid iter trio topas3 when the time was come that bo should he received up, he steadfastly set his face to go'to Tbh;.,' Km '' fli Lt ' airiu icui. 1,10 iwisiai/, 'la'reidafK:, pointed out that Christ ill! His life on rariti'v ' 'ceived ho help' fro.rii niariy that wouli enabl Hint to-ke.ep on the Course 'intended .ullimaie9 to:accpmplish man's, salvation. / Yfeldiug'neitiier to the temptations' of . Satan or the prospect rif .suffering, which He well knew lay before Him Heeding not the protestations of Peter whA said ho' would follow the Master anywhere and afterwards denied Him. Though tiie Sivii ur knew that among the twelve disciples there nas one who would betray Him, He looked beyend ali i his ; with a steadfast purpose put sued the way that He had chosen from the first, knowing that by bis suffering blessings would be Btoted up' for th'-se who believed in His name. In .conclusion, the preacher exhorted his hearers to imitate the example set before theui, 'and as ..Christians. to keep more steadfastly ou'the wav that should end in eternal bliss. - . In the evening ;the Rev. J Chenall cboie for his text 2nd Corinlhiane, 12tli chapter, 2nd verse. Iu , a very interesting diBcopree, 'inter spersed with a number of illustrations and anecdotes, he showed that God in all His deal ings with His people allowed - only such afilic- tions as were needful for them. And, as in the case of .the Apostle Paul, "bo. was buffeted with a thorn in the flesb, lest from the wonders it had been granted him to Bee in a vision, he should be exalted-beyond measure.' Yet he' was told that, though thus afflicted, God's grate would be Sufficient for him,- - and eo it-would be for all those who accepted Christ as a substitute for their sins. There ' were good congregations at buth services,1 arid the collections were in aid of the Cliprch funds. / .1 CHRIST , CHDRCH. The Rey,,E.r A. Crawford preached a ehort sermon on tbe. subject of the Trinity, the tgxt being the . last verse of 2nd Corinthiaiis— " The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the We of God and the. communion of Lite H- ly Spirit .be with you alL" . Trinity . Sunday, he eaid, differed from all the other great church festivals' in this; that they commemoiate historical event-' and it is an eternal fact relating to the God head. Trinity is merely a handy word to ex press the complex fact that "Tho Father is God the Sim is God, aud the Holy Ghost is God ; and yet they are not three Gods, but one God." The 'principal points of attack in the doctrine of the Trinity are (1) The Divinity of the Son; ' and (2)' The Personality of the Spirit. He quoted parages from Scripture iti proof of these two facts, and cuucluded by observing that in face of such a mystery as that of the Trinity, the words, of the Preacher were appropriate. " God .is in .fleaven'! apd thou; upon earth, therefore,., let thy wordq be few." . !' ! .' Presbyterian, .church. / / ' ' The Rev. Dr. M'Cay. delivered a discourse Yesterday ..morning from Luke 10th chap., 38— -42 verses, the subject being the sisters, Mary and Martha,, at Bethany. The time at which Jesus visited thu town of Mary and Martha, as here described, is uncertain, but it was. probably the same occasion as that which is spoken of in John's Gospel, wbeii they made a supper lo him after Lazarus bad been raised from the dead. If .bo, wh can uuderstand the anxiety of .the family at B.-tliany to do huaour to their / wondrous Friend. We need nut describe the scene, so familiar to Christians, but rather speak of its significance. Mary, sitting at'the-feet of- Jesus, and hearing His Word, is a type of the devout and contemplative tempera ment in the Church, while Martha represents thoactive workers. The fault of Martha lay in her censure of her Bister, and even an implied com plaint against the Lord. " Dost thou not tore that my sister did leave me to serve alone ? Bid her, therefore, that she help me." Jesus gently corrects her error, and teaches her that theru is something higher at d more needful "than the outwaid service which she was rendering, evtn communion with Him as Saviour, and Mary had chosen - that good part.. /Both were true-, hearted disciple3, but Martha -waa putting first what /was"; "'iti reality second; Indeed, . both, tempeiraments haye the'r perils/ Tq' the Marys we . need to say, - nr the words !of:Natliau the Wise— .... '"/!. ; !/. "V, ' ' '"Remember, ; ; Hpw far easier devout eirifausiasm i' ' Than a good action '; and how unwillingly / Our indolence takes up with piou3 rapture, ' ' ' /' Tho' at'the time unconscious of its end, Only to.save the, toil of useful: deeds." . iuiButmen'and women; of active.apd prpciical temperariieut may : fall : into the opposite and more'' fatal error -of- undervaluing- the bouts of spiritual communion and quiet med'tation, apd looking oil 'worship and prayer as something emliusiasttc.il arid fanatical. Both tempera- nieuts need .to be supplemented and nided by each other. Both Mary arid'Martha, and Jpljii and Peter, are beloved hy tlteir Lord and accoptedl by- Him. Miss' M 'Gibbon; of Bull- styeot,v hap" .-been appojiitvd oi-L-nnist of th®- Church, and yesterday the younglady cotrimoriced her duties in that ca'paeity, p'residitig at the in strument wilh'great ability. 