THE PROGRESS OF LEGISLATION. the financial position. ANOTHER MONTHLY SUPPLY BILL. STATEMENT BY TEE COLONIAL TREASURER. A long discussion arose in the JiOgisIauva Assembly last evening upon the state of public busincs, and the condition of the country's finances wore subjected "to frequent criticism duriuiz the course of the debate. Mr. BuuN5 commenced the discussion by giving uolice ot his intention to introduce a Temporary Supply Bill and stating that ho hoped it would be t'ue lan bill oi the kind that the Government would be under the necessity of bringing forward during the present session. Mr. fnnns said that if tbejGovernment would give the Hor.ae a definite promise that that would be the last Temporary Supply Bill for i the session ho would not f;»v one word about ! it. But it was by such promises as that of the Colonial Treasurer that Ministers went about the country throwing dust in the eyes of tho J people. lie did not' behove that the Colonial | .Secretary credited the promise just j made by his colleague. Surely he j did not think that during the present j month they will dispose of the Land i 11515 th I r.i"il (liM-nrnmnnl Tti'l th»». AffTlMil. tural Colleges Bill andithe otber.meaaure pro mised by tho Government. At the beginning of the region the promise repeated by the Colonial Treasurer that night was made, and yet they nere that mouieut being asked to vote the fourth instalment of monthly supplies. In tha Governor's speech they were told that the Local Government Bill would be passed Into law during the session, and yet uutil they were re minded bv the Colonial Secretary iu his speech at Wagga they had heard ao little about that measure that everybody thought the Govern ment bad forgotten all about it. Yet tha Premier had gone out of bii way into tho enemy's camp to tell them that they had not. The PncMiuk ; I found it a camp of friends. Mr. Levies t It shows how easily tho Pre mier it deceived. Mr. Linus said it showed the loyalty of his constituents to the Government of the colony. The House had keen promised the passage into law of the Land Bill, and yet they had only gone through 17 clauses of it. They were also promised the Railway Management Bill, and although that had been sanctioned by the House, i; was still not the law of the land. The Public Works Bill had not been passed, the Parliamentary Representation Bill had not been passed, nor yet the Agricultural Colleges Bill, and yet Parliament had been kept sitting throughout the whole of a weari some . summer. The Government came into power with tho object of reducing the deficit, and they bad done nothing with the deficit except to increase it Ho could tell both the Government and the country that the defi cit would be sowothing mora than three or three and a quarter millions when the Colonial Treasurer made his next financial statement. The Naval Defences Biil had been passed with the help of the Opposition. It was stated in the Governor's speech that the time had arrived when it was advisable to manufacture gun powder aud explosives in the colonies, and yet from the telegrams of the Colonial Secretary to the Premier of Victoria, who invited this colony to federate with it for that purpose, they would see that it was really intended to do nothing in the matter. Similarly nothing had been done towards securing the detenccs of the colony and nothing towards providing a better system, of asylums for the aged aud the desti tute. .Thus very few of the 19 promises con tained in the Governor's speech had been fulfilled, and he wanted to know whether tho Ministry intended to pioceed this session with the Local Government Bill and to complete it before the session closed. Mr. R. B. .Smith reminded the leader of tho Oppoiitiou that when he was in power be mada no less than 60 promises to the country and only fulfilled two of them. Mr. Melville said that in his opinion tho Government would act wisely in carrying the Laud Bill only and adjourning the House as soon as tuat was done. They had oetter throw the Local Government Bill overboard. Tha Land Bill at the present rate of progress would occupy the next three months. Mr. Neii.d drew attention to a statement in the Treasurer's financial speech in December last, iu which ho (the Colonial Treasurer) said tho Government ought to obtaiu the supplies and the estimates btfore'tho close of the year, or at least in tha first. week or two in January, and before the supplies were required for next year. That was, before February 1 the Govern ment ought to have been in possesion of the supplies for the year. Sir iifliVitv Parkks and Mr. Bunxs : Hear, hear." Ho was very Treasurer cheered this declaration, but whil® they did so no effort hud been made daring fout and a-halt mouths— — fsir lii-Niiv Pahk2s : Nonsense. Mr. Nkij.d : Tho hou. member fmight say " Nodsgusc," but be would refer lam to the votes and proceedings. He might hare waited, too, till he (Mr. Ncild) had finished his sen tence. He was saying that wliilo it was very pleasant to hear the bon. members' cheers it was more unpleasant to find that tho Government had sever made the smallest effort to submit the estimates to the House. Ho objected to voting these supply bills month after month. Sirilh.S'JiY Parked said it was rather singu lar that they should be reproved by the Oppo sition for the management of the estimates and the way in which they bronght in monthly suppiy bills and the mauner in which they con ducted the biwiness of the country to the exclu sion of proper Parliamentary scrutiny of the public expenditure. Tho late Government having continued Parliament in session Id months, in the ytar brought in 10 monthly supply bills and than culled Parliament together again and had tho estimates passed wituout any consideration at all. First of all, the revcuue of the year was forestalled, and noxt the estimates "were passed without any scrutiny whatever. Parliament was got to do that on the proinue that they would be con vened in May, and they weie not convened until Octouer. Thoso were pretty gentlemen to set an example of how to properly conduct the busiuess of the country. He happened to have been a member of Ministries that on more than one occasion took possession of office of Government when the business was iu arrears, and tbsy had to put it right and prorogue Parliament before the end of the year. Not only once, but two or three times had he fonnd himself in this position. - He had hoped thas with this Parliament he might have done the same, but from oue cause or another they had been unable to do it. Being unable to do what they hoped to do and tried to do they had simply tried to pass their measures at the'expeuse of these supply bibs, not because they wanted it or because they liked it, for there was no man living who disliked it more- than he did, and he hud done his best to pre vent it on all occasions. ("Hear, hear." in' the session of 131 he concluded the business of the year before Christmas. Ho had con formed strictly to all tne obligations of tho constitution, and he was tho only Minister who ever did it. They bad tried to do it now, but they had failed. They were doiair the next . best thing, aud that was to pass their most im portant measures j and they were prepared, supposing this year's work was brought to a close, to take a short recess. Tho work of this se»ioa could not be brought to a close before June, and they would be ready to take a short recess and meet again iu time to do tha busiuess of the year. If bon. gentlemen told them they had not done what they announced in the Governor's speech, all ho had to say was they had not done it iu the expected time. They had honestly intended to carry these measures aud had been at alt times in their places, with por- haps one exception about a month ago, to assist in the business of the country. They bad honestly tried to carry these measures, but they- had failed.. Xhev never said they would make up the deficit. Mr. Diuus: "No one expected you to do it." They uever said they wouid put the financial affairs of the country iu right order by this tiiau. Nothing of the kind. In his address to the electors of St. Leonards, which he supposed would ho accepted as the most important declaration he bad ever made, ho set forth that the first duty of the Government was to address themselves to the urgent work, of directing the country iu the deplorable condition into which it bad fallen, and restoisit to a position worthy of its splendid resources and the gcuerons spirit of its people .. I.i»u .vtnni tliop Viarl rlnna that. f(n. verament cheers.) And he would venture to say that the country was now iu a belter state than when they assumed ofiice, and if llieir lives wore spared and they were permitted to hold ofiice they would place this country la condition of sonnd, healthy prosperity, ia the van ot all the Australian colonies. They hud every prospoct of doing this, and be firmly believed at ibe end of the year they would be able to reduce the deficit. Gentlemen who considered they weio not fulfilling their pledges should remember that, conforming to their principles, they gave up tho advalorem duties, ami, notwithstanding that, they had a fair prospect of having the revenue of the country iu excess oi the expenditure. They were noiue their utmost in an orderly, mature - aud careful manner to bring about a reduction in the public service. It was oue thing, how ever, to swell the public service to an unhealthy extent and quite another thing to reduce it to proper limits. Their predecessors did an atasoat of rula in ths country which it woaJd take voars to entirely wipe awav, and one of tbeir actions was to swell the public service to nu enormous extent. (Government " Hear bear.") Mr. DIUB3: That statement has been mado before, but never proved, .Sir Henry Faiiklk; It is so susceptible of proof than any one who can appreciate facts must be natiufied. Mr. Diltiti: Give us the facts. Sir jlr.nry rAitKK-4: He ha J piven the facts on many occasion!!, and more than that, the ntatements ho had made had never been con iralir.ted. The long and the short oi all this v.\v; that they had not dune iu po.ht oi time all they desired. They had done, or rather tried to do, everything they undertook in their engage ments to the people nf tho country, ("lleir, hear.") He believed that the majority oi the people would now support them agaiDBL every cii'ort of those opposed to tbe:n. With regard to the bill which hi-- bon. colleague was xcekin to pass, it was under tho circnm stances an inevitable evil of which lbey couhl not steer clear.l'i'hey aumitted that it was an evil, and they deeply regretted it, but they could not help it. All they could say in reply to the tirade. of criticism with which ihcy were favored was that tho.co who blamed them had done nearly three times worse. Air. CUlf.r said the Government had no reason to complain of any feeling exhibited by members on either side of the Home with reference to the delay in passing the Estimates. "When the House met on September 2u it was distinctly understood that the session was to be a abort linaucial Kcssion, aud that tho House was to meet again at the beginning of 1888 to deal with any other legivlatiou proposed by the Government. The Estimates were laid on tho table on December 1, and there was not the least reason why they shouid not have been as well dealt with then as now. JJe supposed they must let the motion pass, but he thought it was time for the Premier to stop continually standing up to misrepresent facts. Mr. Hash all said if ever the Opposition had a right to criticise the actions of the Govern ment, thijj had that right now. The present Government had been expressly returned for the sake of restoring the country to a sound linaucial position. Sir Henry 1'akkes : We deny it. Mr. HabhalL: That was thy ground on which au appeal was made to tho country by the Premier and those who supported him. Sir Iir.NRT Parke: No. Mr. Haksall : They wore returned for the eipie33 purposo of restoring the liuancul equilibrium. Sir IJknrt Pap.KK3 : "We deny it. V»rc came into power .n our public reputation. Mr. Has.-; all, continuing, condemned the action of the Government 111 delaying to deal with tho linaucial position of tho country in order to bring forward measures which the country had not been nearly so auxioua for as for a settlement of finauciai matters. He was glad that the Government had at last yielded to the pressure which had been brought to bear from all sides and had evinced some intention of proceeding with tho business which they should have disposed of months ago. .So far, in spite of all their promises, they had not done anything either to reduce the deficit or 10 put before the country a statement of tho truo posi tion of affairs. Mr. Slattert pointed out that the Parliament was a3ked month after month to give over its greatest power— tho power over the ntringj of the public purae. It was simply afarco for 120 members to be called together to vote monthly supply bills without knowing a single item which they covered. He acknowledged that the present Government were not the first to blame, but tho time was come when the representatives of the pcoplo should insist on their right to control expenditure. Th« present Premier had always been an opponent of monthly supply bill, but he had done nothiug since taking office to introduce a more satis factory system. The Government had come into power on a tidal wave of pretcusiou that IheDibbs Administration had produced a delicit of millions, and that they were going to wipe out that deficit. But what had they done towards carrying out that promise or any other of tho promises made seven month ago iu the Governor's speech 'i They declared then that they would uko immediate steps to givo effect to the fiscal policy which had received the ap proval of Ruriiament and to apportion the bur dens ol taxation more .cquiiably. The ad- valorem duties had been abolished on the distinct promise that new taxation proposal would be introduced to restore the equilibrium between revenue and expenditure, but where were those proposals V The Fremicr was con tinually making charges as to tiio fearful ex penditure of the previous Govcmmcut, but lie had never been able to bring forward facts 10 justify his statements. Most of the expenditure on public works incurred by the previous Government had been ro.u»ered neces sary by votcs'paased during tho administration of Jjir Henry l'arkes. The deficit of £2,6'ju,uu0 had been caused by tho sales by auction of laud having been stopped by tho Stuart AGuunistrauon. Mr. Abigail : Nothing of the kind. Mr. S lattery said any man who knew any thing about finance would admit that what he said was true. fc?ir Henry Paukes: It is utter aonsease. Mr. Slattrry repeated the statement. Mr. Buknh; You are talking absolute non sense. Mr. Slattert said the Treasurer evidently was unfit ior the position he occupied, fie did not understand the papers he himsoff laid on the table. How bad the hon. member adminis tered the finances of the colony since he had been in office ? Would he deuy that tho money which should have gone in liquidation of the deficit had been used us curruut revenue ? "Would he tell tbein where tho £oGi.M)U0 caino from that had been spent on the Circular Quay property V The House had never had any iu- lormaiion about it. If the House allowed the Government 10 play with them in the way it was doing, they could not blame the Govern ment; but all he could say was that he would feel heartily ashamed 01 himself if he were a member of any such Ministry. Mr. Abigail said that the statements made "by the previous speaker wore in tbeir relation to the finances . of the country very largely false. The revenue of the colony did not fall off because of the stoppage of the sale of public lands. Indeed, so far from' any falliug off in tbe revenue between the years 1882 and 1&8U it hod increased marvellously— probably at a much more rapid rate than the revenue of any of the neighboring colonies. The fact was that the deficit had been created by the extrava- gaut and blundering policy of tbe previous Miuistry. Mr. O'Sullivan said that tbo only defence of tho present Government was that they wero no worse than their;, predecessors. They had been returned for the especial purpose of alter ing the dcfectqof the previous Government, and in this they h«l completely failed. They were not to be screened on the grounds that they were no better thau their opponents. What was the use of always raising the ghost of a .Stuart or a Dibba Ministry ? Mr. Dibbs, ns they now knew, was a new-born politician. (Ironical laughter.) From the day that he aban doned the ruined fabric of freetrade ho had become t a new man. (Renewed . laughter.) Let them, 'hen, find fault with him for misdeeds committed since that time, bat do not go back beyond and rake up the mistakes lie had made. It was useless for tho Govern ment to try to screen themselves behind the bugbear of Dibbs. The country, Mr. O'Eullivan continued, was utterly sick and disgusted with every member of tho Ministry from the i. 4CU41C1 uwnun itiua, auu ji iuuiuiiutv uuc country was appealed to it would return a majority against the present Ministry and condemn them for their half-hearted measures. If tho Ministry were not withholding the true state of the finauces they must be exhibiting tbeir ignorance of these finances, The truth was the deficit was increasing at tbe race of £47,000 a quarter, aod no doubt by the end of the year £200,000 would be added to what was already owing. Mr. Ltne, referring to the statements of tho Minister for Mines, said that tho whole of tho deficiency was duo to the withdrawal of tho land front sale. He found that in 1882, tho last year tho Parkes Government was in power, the total amount received from the sale of condi tional and Grown lands was £8,028,000. In 1883 when the auction sales were stopped there was a falling off in the receipts of £1,591,826. Supposing the Stuart Government had received that snin-of money during their term of office they would havo had £8,387,290 more revenue than they had. The deficiency could only be accounted for by the stoppage of tho land sales. He wonld undertake to say that at the end of the year instead of a< deficiency of £2,600,000 there would be one of 8,500,000. The motion was agreed to, and the House went into committee. Mr. Burns moved— Thottlicre be granted .to her Majesty a sum not exceeding £787.485, being £423,000 to defray tbo ex penses' of tbo various departments ami bcrviees of tbu colony for the month of Apvil, or following mouth of tho year 1688, to be expeudud nt the rates which havo been sauotioued for tbe year 1887, subject to the rata of auy reduction that may hereafter be rondo In the . expeudlturo of the year 1888 ; £15,000 for special grant In aid of agricul-. tural societies ; £26/>00 «.for expenses- -connected with tho Centenary celebrations ; £100,000 to meet wages to becoma duo to railway employes, ami fur railway services generally, during the mouth of May, 3888; £10.00U to meet wages to become duo to em- ployis in tho Department of Harbors nud Rivers, nud \ tor other services of un urgent nature, during tho month of Muv, IB88 ; £3-185 in part for alto fur Naval Homo and in anticipation of loan votes ; £100, OGU. further sum for completion of Lands Onicc, Sydney; £l6,0'j0 for Circular Quay improvements ; aud£25,uul) further fur country towns water supply. Ho said a wrong impression nppearcd to havo been created by his sayiug that he hoped tho Temporary Supply Bill would bo the Just the Government would have to introduce before ;ho passing) of the estimates. He did not intend to couvoy the impression that it would he the last supply bill before the passing of the Appropriation Act. What he meant was that by .proceeding with tho estimates the Government ought- to be able to base future supply, bills upon tho estimates the house might ngiee to. The Supply Bill he had asked leave to introduce would includo £26,000 for the cost of the Centennial celebrations. He wivs sure that the actual .expenditure on tho celebrations was far less than was commonly Htimated. ,Uu bad seen statements in the public prints, which wcro no doubt commonly believed, to the elfect that the celebrations would cost £H»b,'jtJU to £200,000. Now, the vote 0: £20,000 wonld be in oxce:>a of the amount actually paid for the celebration. by about £1200, and he believed thai it would be sufficient to all the obligations which were fciiii ouutHii'img. Xnii would include the grunt of inure than £7U0-> made to the Agricultural .Society of New South Walci, UMvhich. he presuinH, there could be no pos- : :,ib.e objection. Jt would iikettiso comprise £15,000 ior the purpose of enabling the Govern ment to make thrir contnoutiou to the agricultural hociclius equal to the amount of lay private fub?o:pt.oa.. to the socic.ies. Ihe previous vote ior the societies wui a ura of ';VyiU, which was U/mable at the rate of 5s. for every £1 subscribed, ani li the Hou.-:o sanctioned the new appropriation the Government wou.l giro £1 for every £i sub/cribed privately for the year There woui'i be the u/ur.'l vote of £10ty.-0»J :or waces 1 0 become due to ruilwsy empiovuH and for ruilwav cervices generally during the mouth oi May, lbsb. and Llb.Uo'.J for wages to be paid to employee's in tbu Department of Harbors and JUrora, and for other services of au urgent nature in the same -month. There would be a new item ol £3486 for tue waynient in part tor , a Kite for a Naval House iu Charlolte- piaco instead of granting for the purpose a hito which was part oi' the reserve at 1> .wes' Battery, and which it was desired by the Government to keep iutaet for the health and roc: cation oi the re sidents of that division ol thy city. Tho site in CharJutte-pJaee wou.dcost ia all £23'.m, but ail that could at present be legally paid for it was £3-185, The Government also proposed to obtain the sanction of the House to some votes for public improTcmems which they thought uhuuld be proceeded with without delay iu anticipation of loan voter. The moat important of these v.-aa £300, Odd for the completion of the Lauds Office. Tne portions oi tnc building already erectoi bad been con structed in part out of loan money and in part out ol itirpim revenue, ami it teemed to thoia that a contract should now.be taken ior tbe completion of the structure in accordance with the original design. Then there wa £ln,0uU for Improvements at the eastern ."ide of the Circular Quay, which, beside adding to the accommodation fr shippiug in Sydney Cove. would give a reiura on the investment from tbeir coirq-Dtioii. A cornpauy had alrcadv takeu tbe jetty which they wero about to erect, and thy .work would tm repro ductive. There was also a vote of £25,00u ior water ior country vuaiis u..--.... »" — .Supply and Sewerage Act — £701)0 lor Hay, £fi000 for Fori?, and £10,0 JO for Wiicaniiia. 1 he only other exumidituie wuich wou.d be covered by the bill bad relation to the saiurieH and ordinary advices for the month at the same rale as were authorised tor the corresponding month oi 187. Mr. M'Elr one asked what the improvements at Circular Quay would consist of. Mr. BURNS said there would be a jetty and some other improvements, which would give better aecotnmudaiiou for tbe North Snore Ferry Company, and the whole of the boats in couuectiou svitn the Government service would be removed to the other Hide of tbe harbor. Mr. Uaynek said it had been underBlood that a sum would be included in tno Monthly Sup ply Bill for proceeding with works to provide employment for a number of men who wore now unable to find work. It appeared to him that the reason the work was not being pro ceeded with was the deaira to footer that wretched institution, the Labor Bureau. Mr. Burn said tbe House had sanctioned the whole vote for the year for roads and bridges and other public woiks bo that the MiuUter for Works might be able to let contracts for large amount to provide work for every person disposed to take it. fc'otce of the persons uow ciamoring iu Sydney for work were amongst those who hail been offered employ- men: by contractors. However, he v/ouid urge his colleague a far as possible to put employ ment iu tho way of every person willing to lake it. Mr. Frank Smith complained of £15,000 being spent on improvements at Circular Quay ior the accommodation of tbe resi dents ot North Shore, while the electors of Bai- URiin were entirely overlooked. Mr. Burns said the money to he' spent on Circular Quay whs by no means only for the benefit ot the pectdu of North Shore. A large wharf was to bo constructed which would be leaoed to a shipping compauy from the time of its completion. The questio'n or giviug better wharfage accommodation to the people of BH- maiu had received the atteuttou of the Govern ment, but at present there was some lease which stouu in the way of the Government making any improvement. Mr. Crouch wished to know what security the Government received for the repayment of I he money to bo advauced to the towns .the Colonial Treasurer had ineutioned, and whetfier other town 8 would be accorded the sumo privi leges. Mr. Burns said the money was advanced nnuer tue aumoruy 01 an ace oi A-arnaracm, and the Government rcccivud interest at the rate of 4 per cent. The Government would be happy to make a similar advaucu to any town in the hon. member's electorate. Mr. Kelly objected 10 the provision of the £100, Out) In tbe Temporary Supply Bill for the completion of the Lauds Office. Mr.'frank Farnell considered the item referred to by Mr. Kelly au instance of most judicious expenditure. Mr. Ketiiel said thut he also thought the Governmcot«werciithoroughiy justified in their action. Mr. Melville inquired how mnch the Colo nial Treasurer was setting aside for the unem ployed. Surely ho aid not deny the existence of uuemploycd. Then he would also Uko to know something about the expenditure upon the Centennial festivities. How much, for instance, did the champagne cost per bottle? He bad heard that the Government had paid £1 a bottle for it. There was another matter. What was being done for the aboriginals at La Perouse ? He had been credibly informed that the present Government had ceased to provide them with blankets or rations or free pas es. Only la3t Sunday he was in thccauip and there found a child very ill with only a single blanket to cover it. He had no interest in those poor people, but he could not see them ill-treated by the very people who had taken their country from them. They were bis countrymen unci countrywomen, although they might not occupy the same aocial position that he oc cupied. Some other time, lis would ask the Colouial Treasurer whether tbe articles made in the prisons of the colony had been sold, and how much they had beeu sold for. Mr. Ckouuh considered that the strictures of the hon. member for Northumberland with regard to tbe treatment of the aborigines were rather unmerited. His own experieuce of the matter led him to conclude that those unfortu nate people were well looked after by the board appointed for their protection. Sir. Buudekin denied that any neglect was shown to the aboriginal at La Perouse or that , they were not supplied with blankets. M?, Melville maintained the .accuracy of his statements, and invited Mr. Burdekio, as chairman of the Aboriginal Protection Board, to goto tho cauip and see for himself. Mr. Hassall aluo spoke 011 the matter. Mr. Kelly opposed jthe .item .of £2G,000 for the Centenuial celebrations. , The hon. member then referred to tho in ability of tbe Colouial Treasurer to answer certain questions which he (Mr. Keild) had put ou the notice paper. He opposed tho expendi ture of £100, Out) for the extcasion of tho Lands uincc at a time wnen tuey were promised de centralisation and retrenchment which ought to render additional accommodation unneces sary. He urged the claims of the aborigiuals to consideration. With reference to the unem ployed, he wanted to know why men were uot eeut into districts wheie there .vas u great deal to be doue in roaainakiug and other useful work instead of being employed on useless relief works. Mr. Burns said that so far as the aborigines were concerned there was no desire ou the part of the Governmeut to limit unreasonably the expenditure of tho aborigines board. Besides increasing tbo vote for tbe year on the Esti mates, the Governmeut had advanced an addi tional £1000 which was required for special purposes, so ho was quite sure hon. members would acquit them of any desire to retrench, "With reference to ihe unemployed, he men tioned that tho numbor of men employed on re lief works was decreasing, and he hoped before long, that the large appropriations for roads aud other public works would afford so much employment as to lcavo no excuse for continuing the relief works. ("Hear, hear.") The questions which Mr. Neild complained of hU not answering would be fully answered by a return -which would be laid on tbe table in a day or two. He pointed out that Mr, Neild's questions generally fol lowed on leadiug articles in a certain evening paper, and weie clothed in similar phraseo- Mr. Neild said the articles were in every instauce written upon tho questions after he had put them. Mr. Burns snid the hon. member was mis taken. lie might inc'ntiou that one hon. mem ber on the Opposition side had gono about boasting of the iufiueuce brought to bear with that paper in inspiring articles against tbe Government. Mr. Noild's questions were ou the same track as the articles, aud showed that he had fallen into tbo same blunders as the writer. He had treated the disbursements for the quarter as au indication of the expenditure for tho year; but as a matter of fact, in that quarter the Government had paid upwards of £(i0U,00Q for services of previous yoars, aud also over £30,000 ou account of loan services and other payments which had properly uo con nection with tbe expenditure of tho quarter. The actual payments for the quarter were about £000,000 less than ono quarter's appropriation for the year. When the return which be had promised was laid on the table it would show that there was no ground for the assumption of the hon. member that the Governmeut had been udug trust funds illegally. Mr. M'Fliionk said that it was evident that tho Government had anuoyed Mr. Nuiid in some way or other and that the hon. gentleman was now revenging himself. At Adelaide be believed Mr.Neiluijliud sucked tbe. State sow pretty dry. Somebody bad told him that any- body wanting good champagne to drink had nothing to do but to make friends with the CommiAsioncr for Now Soutn Wales. As faraa tbe bluck4 were'uoi.cjrned, might say nobody could trcnt them kinder tuan Mr. Hill and his family did. Unfortunately, however, the blacks were very untruthful, and no doubt they bad received their blankets aud sold them for drink. The agricultural show had been referred Jo. I Jf be bad h!« vray be would not give tho>e societies a smgie penny. He objected to the : £26,00(1 spent in tho Centennial celebrations. Ho referred to a number of other cases in which ! he considered the public money wa3 spent cxtrav.iL'autly. Mr. NBlLl/produce:! newspapers to show that the questions he had from time to time asked had preceded the cominc-iits upon them. Mr. o'.sfllivan complained of the action of the Government in cal.iug upon the wive of futtiers on the railway lines tu act ki gate keeper without remuneration. Mr. Fitzgerald upportel Mr. O'Sullivan in his denunciation of that system. After some remark! from Mr. Stevenson and Mr. Frank Farnell, Mr. Burns said ho regretted that tho Minister for Work had been compelled through indis position to isave the JJonse, hut he would 1 bring the matter under the attention of his colleagues. Mr. Jo?Ei'ii Aijrott said that he intended to vote for the Supply Bill. Mr. Fciir.Y couiended that the case of the gatekeeper? and their lamilic! was a very hard one. It amounted to this, that the wive? of tho gatekeepers, who were in no mriso tervanta of the ck-Turf merit, wore compelled 10 stand by the crossings all day long, or if they wanted (o co to market they hud to pay for a qualified sub stitute. That kind of tyiauny hud been instituted by the pruscut Government ; aud they had aiso withheld the free pace for employes' children whj had been formerly allowed to accompany their lather on anuu::'. holiday trip. Those were illustrations of the way lu which the Govern meut was trying tu m ike both end meet by meannesses practised upon tho very people who were Icnst able to bear them. Mr. Djrr5? said that he had no desire to further prolong the disenssion, and all he could add wa thai he hoped thut evening lost tu the Government would teach two of its members the lesson of minding their own business. Tho resolution was then agreed to and Mr. Burns introduced the Supply Bill, which jA-isiuJ through its various stages without debate. 