GLEANINGS. -«, The social gossip correspondent of the Melbourne Argue writes that Mr. Labouchere has î>een rory sear giving up the ghost owing to an attach of *: poor man's gout,* which nearly touched his heart. The result is one j for t which all tfae world bas been sorry, irrespective of political or other symp^b^s/ HÍ8 wit, it is true, is a. little Ont of the fashion. Like Gilbert's, it is too mooking and "denigrating" for the mood of to-day. Still, his stories are told with a piquancy and 1 finish which other raconteurs cannot $Ui<ieP equal. A characteristic story cf his,' which is redeemed from jarring on modern taste only by the way it is told, relates to his own .unique appearance in the field of Christian missions. Sling on-one oooasion somewhere in the Holy Land in a diplomatic oapaoity, he invited a neighbouring missionary of some London society to dinner, and by way of making conversation asked him " How's business ?" This missionary answered de- jectedly that it was bad. He was paid by resulte, . and literally, the recent resulte had not béeafenoufeh td glJre^him fioul tb' celt-a statement which Mr. Labouchere was inolined to believe from the manner in which he was bolting cartloads of food. "I pitied tho , fellow," says Mr. Labouchere, " and next day dan whether there was no way in which these heathen could bo induced to embrace Christianity ?" " Certainly there is a way, sir," answered the dragoman. «'What is that?" "A bottle of brandy among four." " I bought all the brandy in theplace, abont 1O0 bottles," continues Mr, Labouchere, " and paraded UB many of of the natives as I had brandy for, dividing them into messes of four, and thea bade them ohoose between the faith of their fathers and the brandy. In the afternoon my friend the missionary performed 400 baptisms. X thought no more of the affair for j(q^ j^ejS$&J; when one day I met my friend the missionary -not the dragoman- in a shovel hat, gaiters, and an apron. He had evidently dined well every day since the day of those baptisms. He told me they had made him a bishop as a reward for his success. I forget which waa4ua^uoo4se"~*~v.-^ - When an ordinary man is blackballed at a clnb, he says not a word about it, and even affects to outsiders an ignorance of the locality and merits of the institution which has ë£prèsïed \\\¡á unwillingness to receive bim.* '-Not so Canon Malcolm Maocoll, of im- palement fame. He bas been blackballed at the Athenaeum more heavily than any can. didato ever known, with the exception of Sii William Harcourt; but instead of ignoring the foot, he has inserted plaintive paragraphs it tiie papersj giving distsi ofiall;the|titl^d and talented persons who had promised to support him,-and notwithstanding whose support oi supposed support, he was rejected. The lisl includes Lord Salisbury, who has been s friend of his-notwithstanding política hostility-ever ainpe^ they tnefc ll^years/ agí at the Congress of Constantinople, during th< brief perfod when Lord Salisbury was th« hope of the philo-Bussians. It is altogether a wonderful list, bristling with archbishops dukes, earls, nod editors ; but there is such t .thingas Vjoting for a man, and hinting tx yout5 obscurer friends tc do the opposite It was unlucky for the oanon that on the evi of his election Canon Taylor should bayi revived the memory of the old impalent storj against bim in the course of their controversy on the relative merits of Christianity ant Moslemism. Canon Maocoll took up th challenge quite -confidently, but his ol« opponent, who originally exposed the story entered into the field, and re-stated the casi attaint Canon Maccoll's assertion that he an« Canon Liddon, had seen an- impaled- mai from the deck of a steamer on4ni%iver- Sav The chief grounds for disbelieving Canoi Maccoll's story are that no one else saw tb impaled man, that all local inquiries failei to substantiate the story, that Canon Liddon without concert with Canon Maocoll, wroti an account of the same journey to th Guardián, but did not mention the inciden of the impaled man, or rather only told tb story for tho first time on reaching Paris where he saw a copy of The Times containing Canon MaccsU's apocryphal anedcote, whio] he then proceeded to confirm in a half-heartëi and uncertain way. The two canons coull offer no conclusive explanation of thei -^riginjil faîluré "So confirm one another, ani everyone who had anything to do with th Atbezuenm Club was perfectly certain fo days before iue election that that. angus society would not admit within its walls man of such dubious veracity as the amalle and younger conon. It is interesting to learn that soraps f roi Gilbert and Sutivan's opera, " The Mikado, have been sung befóte the great bronze imag of Budda, at Kamokura, Japan. Colon« <&$otig6 JP.- :Bie^ll«ot:^ Connection well-known choros, " Here's a how d'ye do:'.' The Japanese were awecj by tbè song; and thought it was offered as an invocation to Boáiba. .... . . The. i Trollope ^ family of England nave written 2^5 books, ps follows Mrs. Trql: lope, son., lié ; Anthony Trollope; 100 ; Adolphus .Trollope;., $01 Mrs. .Theodore ÍTroUoRíJO. «.« <, t L lOlZ í ú./A> The immediate canso pf the cold .whioh proved fatal,to the Emperor William was an accident which happened to him on tbe.pight of Saturday, tko 3rd Maroh. His physician. Dr. Von Lauer, bad expressly warned ¡bim against attempting te leave his bed without assistance ; but, in order to spare his personal attendants, who were in an adjoining room, the Emperor ventured to disregard the injunction. He got out of bed safely, but when ha was endeavouring to return his strength failed bim, and be fell to the floor. He was unable to raise himself, and ere his attendants entered the room he bad contract- ed a severe chill. They did what they could for the Emperor's comfort \ but he laughed it the mishap, and only besought them' " Don't sayja.wordtoliauer!'' ,, il touéliidg'inblderit, and one which testi* fies to the kindness of heart of the late Lady Brassey, in connection with the trousseau for tho approaching marriage of the Hon. .Mabelle ^Brassey,, her eldest daughter. It aeems/that wheni Con ber death- bed, the lamented lady, with that thoughtful large heartedness whioh was one of her character- istics, made a special request to the Hon. Mabelle Brassey that ber tronsBean should be entrusted to the Denogal Industrial Fdndj for the benefit of the Irish workers; ánd to show the interest Lady Brassey bad always felt in that undertaking. Her wishes are being fulfilled, and the trousseau, now ia coarse of prep&rarion;, will consist wholly of Irish band-work. Lord Colin Campbell has failed again in his effort to get a certificate that his bank- ruptcy was caused by misfortune withodt any misoondnct on his part. He is therefore disqualified for-(a) Sitting dr voting in tUe House of Lords, or any Committee thereof j {b) being elected to or Bitting or voting in the House of Commons, or on any Committee thereof ; <c) hoing appointed or acting as a Justico of the Peace; (d) beingelected or holding the offioe of Mayor, Alderman, or Councillor ; (e) being elected or holding the office of guardian of the poor, overseer of the poor, member of a sanitary authority, or mem- ber of a School Board; Highway Board, Burial Board, or Select Board. Lord Justice Fry said that " the guiding notionnnderlying this legislation seemed to be that be wbo had made jhipwiaok pf hii^wA^Çfiffl «aa-notjüt, l^lh^itriästMi *rith^WuIa&*f otíilr< people's affaire." An excellent guiding prin- ciple thb, but its application ought net to be limited to bankrupts in money alone. It ought, cays the Poll Mall Qaxette, iso be ap- plied equally to bankrupts in reputation. When men are convicted of adultry compli TSSted hy^treaohBlfy^^ the ie.'" duction of a ward er a minor, or of the se- duction of any woman on false pretences, or of the subséquent desertion of mistress and child, the same disqualifications should be enforced which are preBorioed by subsection 1, section 35, of the Bankruptcy Act. 