RITUALISM IN AN ORANGE LODGE. During the hearing of an action in the Liverpool Consistory Court, before Chancellor Espin, in which a number of parishioners of the Church of St. Mark, in that city, charged the vicar of the parish, the Rev. S. Rogers, with,having disturbed the parochial burying-ground and the bones of the dead there interred, and divers other charges of an accessory character, it transpired that what are called " habitation chests " of the Loyal Orange Institution Lodges were placed in the church. These "habitation chests" seemed to have excited the curiosity of the Court, and the Chancellor, wishing to understand something of the meaning of these mysterious chests, put some rather pointed questions to the defendant, with the result of what the local papers describe as " extraordinary revelations " being made. The following is some of the evidence alluded to:— The Chancellor said that something was said yesterday about there being chests connected with an Orange Lodge in the church. Mr. Rogers said that the chests were all old ones. The Chancellor—What do they contain? Mr. Rogers—Bibles and portions of the Prayer Book, and some collects reprinted from the Prayer Book. Mr. Lowndes—Are there not arches ? Mr. Rogers—Yes, little mahogany arches, on which are written passages of Scripture taken from the Word of God. When an Orange meeting is opened prayers are said, and the Bible is read, and laid on the table, Mr. Horridge—Is there anything else in the chest ? Mr. Rogers—Yes, a crown. The Chancellor—A crown P Mr. Rogers—The crown represents the Queen's crown, and is placed upoh the Bible during the service when we hold our meetings. The Chancellor—That is something new. Mr. Lowndes—Are there not spme swords? Mr. Horridge—Let us know all that is in the chests. The Chancellor—We have had selections from the Bible and Prayer Book, arches with texts, : ahd then a crown placed upon the Bible. What else P Mr. Rogers—Then we have a little regalia, which is worn as Masons w^ar theirs, when the lodges'sit. The Chancellor—Is any regalia worn by yourself P. Mr. Rogers—Yes, as I am a chaplain; of the order. The Chancellor—Have you worn any regalia in the church ? Mr. Rogers—I have worn my badge two or three times in the church, at gatherings there. The Chancellor—I think the ornaments rubric does not contemplate that, or allow it. Mr. Rogers—I am very sorry to have used it if I have offended the Court in any way. The Chancellor—People acre retry particular about the ornament? rubric.; They are very particular about the orna-' ments of the minister in certain churches, and if you wear ornaments not specified in the rubric you will come under the', same law as applied to people whoweair chasubles. - • Mr. Rogert—Well, I may say that it is a Bottof cbloufed stole only: The ^afibfellor-^I 1m itot jprepated'to affirm Wt a coloured stole is legal ^r; illegal, because I am not going jto affirm anything on jthe .subject.. I you iaye an orange stole and. timfc yea sometimes . wear lt- fiave^dbmatfyT •orange stolesP r:= ..-'-••• •.'>:• e.-w •n.-ijea' Mr. Rogers—Notmway^ ite are VMi'6 smallnumbejr. - •• •. • — f( 1 Mr. Lowndes—Yon all iteax stolesP - * Mr.! ^ ( . Mr. Iiowndes-rl "ft flwjp^ thp chests? V. , The Chancellor—I« else? Mr. Rogers—There are three little candlesticks. The three little candle* sticks represent the Trinity—God the Father, God the Son, 4nd God the Holy Ghost. The candlesticks ai-e used on special occasions. Of course, I am revealing a good deal, Mr. Chancellor. The Chancellor—The question is—are they the proper things in the church P Candlesticks are sometimes Objected to in the church. I have heard a great deal of objection to them. Mr. Rogers—But they are very small candlesticks. The Chancellor—Candlesticks are candlesticks, small or large; Have you. any swords P MT. Rogers—Oh, yes, we have some swords. They are very blunt. The Chancellor—I am vtory glad to hear that. Y^u might be in Bome danger from having five chests of arms there. Mr. Lowndes—Are there some banners P . * Mr. Rogers—No. Mr. Lowndes—How many swords are there? Mr. Rogers—About one sword in each box. The Chancellor—It is well that it is so. There might be a magazine. You have no powder P Mr. Rogers—No. The Chancellor—And no guns, of course? Mr. Rogers—No. The Chancellor—You would want your place insured if you "had. 