A BLACK SHEEP: SOME EPI SODES IN HIS LIFE. By A. C. Chapter XXVIII. — a Seqcf.i, to the Story. it.wrts not such a very public placo as it had been an hour ago. By this time the bulk of its Sunday Joungers had gone home to their early teas and put their children to bed. On the slojic where these lovers stood, rc-uuitcd for a moment after a separation of two-and-twenty years, only a couple of harmless old mou and a small hoy remained to spy upon them. But tho Observatory Hill might have been a desert island for all they thought about it. Kichard Dcluvel held his Constance's hand in a grip that was almost cruel, and devoured her delicate face with his eyes as a beggar in the agonies of starvation devours his unexpected crust. He was off his head with excitement. "Where have you been? What have you been doing? Why did you leavo mo without a message — -without a clue? I went to look for you, to tell you I was going to keep my word, and found you gone — not a traco of you left ! Not even so much as a note to tell me you wcro safe, not dead, or kidnapped, or starving in a gutter somewhere. I was simply frantic about you. I hunted for you all through tho city, I advertised, I should have set off on a search through tho world, and gouo on searching to us day, if I had not been tied like a chKcd convict — I would never have rested till I fSind you. As it is, I have had no rest — I havoeen looking for you all tho timo — -fretting to tynk what might havo bccomo of ynti, wnTifloT-in. .w about the world. Why did you dolt, Constance? Couldn't you trust me?" " I couldn't," the lady replied ; "nor myself, cither. I saw that something must bo dono, or you would never have had a chance, Dick. And I should havo given way, too — I could not havo borno it." "Oh, you he rejoined, with a touch of bitterness. "You novor gavo way— you wcro always safo — you might havo helped me, as you wero used to helping mo, without any risk to your own immaoulate goodness." Sho smiled faintly. Sho had recovered her self-possession, though ho had not. "You talk as if you wcro young still," she said, "but you must know better now. Anyway. I did for the best. It seemed tho only possible course to tako for everybody's sako. And I thought you would soon got over it, Dick." "I am suro you never thought that, Con stance. " "I hoped so." "You had no business to hopo so, considering what wo were to each other. Do you remember those old days when I was ill, when you nursed me, and read to me, and taught me to be a bettor man than -I had over had a chance of being — and how you helped mo whon I began to work and mako my way? Do you remombor that night whon your mother died, and wo wero left alone? Do you remombor — "Oh, hush !" sho interrupted. "I don't want to remember all that should bo buried and for gotten now." "I have not forgotten it," lie said, looking down at her with eyes full of the passion of that old timo ; and you know I never should — you know in your heart that I should not get ovor it. It was unjust to mo to think it or hopo it — if you really did — knowing what you knew. O my dear, it was cruel of you ! It was cruel and cold-blooded - and barbarous and unnecessary — yes, unnecessary, bccauso I should havo kopt my word. I have been nursing this scolding for you for over 20 years, and now I find you at last I must ea30 my mind of it. It was cruel to go off liko that, without a word, without oven a note, ns if I wero a wild beast you were escap ing from." "Anyway, it was right," sho replied. "I seo now, even bettor than I saw thon, how right it was. And if I bad never coma back again, " sho added, with a quivering nmilo, "it would havo been more right still." "No, no," ho protested, with quick alarm and oagorness. "You must not think that — you must not judgo me as I am now — upset by this surprise so that I dont know what I am talking about. I'll say no more about old times, Constance — forgivo me, and don't imagine it necessary to run away again to escape from annoyance. I should not havo lot my tonguo run so freely, but tho habit of tho old days is still strong — I novor could have reserves with you. But IU try — don't bo afraid. Tell me abont yourself. Sit down on this seat and rest — rest yourself beside me. And tell me what sort of lifo you havo been ablo to make of it. What did you do when you went away ? Whero did you go ? I went to England," sho said, seating herself where Sue had boon sitting. "My unolc's ship was in port when I made up my mind, and I asked him to givo me o passage. Ho refused at first, bccauso of having no accommodation for womon, but afterwards ho consontcd, and ho mode mo vory comfortable, and he enjoyed hav ing me with him." "I slioulij think so ! And what did you do when you got to England ?" " I stayed with him a littlo while, and then I got a situation as governess." "Governess! good Lord! To think of you drudging at that work— a slave to another woman, and to a paok of ill-conditioned brats!" "It was not slavery. Thoy woro pleasant littlo brats, and thoir mother was very kind to me." " I am suro it must have been insufferable. And how long did it last?" " About two years." And what thon ?" " Then I went into a London hospital and becamo a nurse." "Ugh ! What possessed yon to do that?" "Well, I wanted somo kind of definite work, and I wanted to bo my own mistress. And I liko nursing — I think I have a talent for it." " I know you have — a heaven-born gift such as I should think fow women can boast of. But it is one thing nursing your own — nursing those you lovo — and living morning, noon and night in an atmosphere of blood and horror, as you must have done in a London hospital." "I got used to that, and I think I mado a very successful nurse. Tho poor creatures used to brighten up when they saw mo coming. They had great faith in me, and tho doctors trusted mo almost as if I wero ono of themselves. I usod to wear a white cap and a big whito apron with a bib." " You must havo looked beautiful iu them I can imagine you ; and I can imagino tho patients brightening up at sight of you, ovon in tho agonies of death. Woll " with a deep respiration "how long did that last?" " Seven years and three-quarters." "And what did you do thou ?" "Thon I married." " What?" Ho nearly jumped from his seat. If eho had confessed to having murdered some body ho could not have beon more astounded and shocked— more tragically disappointed in her. Liko a man (who must havo a mato for himself, of ono sort or anothor), it was tho last thing ho oxpcctod to hear of in connection with the woman who had loved him, and who had been to him tho incarnation of all that was truo and faithful. "I married," sho repeated quiotly, ignoring his concern. " It was ono of tho doctors at tho hospital— Dr. James EUicott. He hod a large practice in tho East End afterwards. When wo married ho would not lot me nurse any moro, professionally, but still I did a great deal amongst his private patients." " And yon were awfully in love with him, I suppose ?" "Ho was a good husband," she replied gently. "Was? Is he in tho past ?" " Yes. He died soveral years ago." "Tlmnk God!" Richard ejaculated fer vently—almost savagely. After a pauso he continued, in n oalmor tone, "I'm suro ho novor oared a straw -for you, nor you for him. Wasn't it so, Constance? I know by your voice." " O np, it wasn't so, Diok. Wo did care — wo had a truo affection for each other. ' Wo woro as happy together as— as nine-tenths of married people are." "Just so," lie said, with a note of satis faction, almost of exultation, in his voice " I know exactly how happy that was." And ho began to fool as if ho might possibly in timo forgive her for marrying Dr. James EUicott. " And after your husband's death, what then, Constance? Did ho loavo yon well off?" "Not vary. But thero was enough. My wants wero novcr many or ex travagant. I left London and went to live at Lausanno with the childron." "Tho children!" he echoed, again in that shocked and reproachful voico. It was borriblo to think of anothor man having had possession of hor (who could novor havo belonged to him), but tho thought of children — lier's and his — was quite intolerable. "How many?" ho inquired gloomily. "Two," whispered Mrs. EUicott, withavertcd face. He looked round as if lie expected to see tbcm appear on the Observatory Hill. " Whore are they ? " he demanded. " Thoy are dead," she answered, with all the anguish of tho bereaved mother in her quiet voice. He gazed at her in silence for a minuto or two after she told him this ; then he took her hand and folded it in both his own, drawing her as if ho would havo drawn her into his arms. " My poor little woman," ho murmured, the words full of tender compassion that was like music to her cars and strong wine to her blood, "What troubles you have had whilo you have been away from mo ! And how different it might havo been — O Constance, how different it might have been ! How I would have taken care of you and cherished you — " "Don't! dont!" she protested, freeing her imprisoned hand. "Don't mako mo feel how mistaken — how wicked it was of mo to come back. I thought I would liko to sco if you wcro alive and woll — when I hud no longor any tic3 to bind mo to ono placo — and I thought I had found you living bravely and honorably, living calmly and happily, in your homo — all thoso old feelings dead and done with " " Dead and done with !" ho echoed, inter rupting in his turn. " They'll be dead and dono with when I am. and not hp for,-. " " Wo aro old peoplo now, Dick," she went on, touching his slecvo with hor hand, which ho immediately seized again. "We havo lived tho best part of our lives sinco then " "Oh, no," Constance, not the best part, by any means.'.' "The largest part — the part that should liavo boon useful and fruitfnl — that should, when it was over, bavo left us wise and strong, capable, of resisting tho tomptations that wero too much for us when wo were young. And I know," she addod in a tono of conviction, "that if I had not como back it would havo been all right. You were happy as you were— until this after noon." " Who told you that I was happy as I was ?" " I saw it for -myself. I have been here some months, and I havo seen you soveral times. " "You can't see through my clothc3 and my flesh. Yon can't seo through brick walls." "No. But I have talked with your dauglitor." " Did you know sho was my daughter when you talked to hor ?" "Yes. I had seen you together." Mrs. Ellicott looked at him with a tender encourage ment in her womanly eyes. " Only to have a child liko that should mako you happy," she said. " Sho can bo nothing but an unqualified comfort and resonrce to you." "Sho is — 3ho is," lie replied, with a momont- ary lightening of his passionate melancholy. " Sho's the best child that cvor was born. I don't know what I should have dono without hor." Then tho cloud fell again, and his head drooped towards his knees, where he rested his forehead on his hands that still grasped hers. " But, oil !" he broke out, with a sort of groan, " it has beon such a lifo of emptiness 1 It has been such a desert- waste of loneliness— that no child could fill ! A man wants his mato, Constance. I can't help it that I'm mado of flesh and blood and not of eternal spirit — I can't help it that I'm not a saint, like you. I've tried all I know to make the best of things — to suok nou rishment oul of the stone that's beon my substitute for meat — but I'vo been hungry all tho time when I haven't felt dying of starvation. It's my nature — I'm mado so — I can't ohango myself into another man. Another man might havo forgotten that ho had once found his per fect counterpart— found the fulfilment of all his droams, of all tho longings of his body and soul — and lost her as soon as he had found hor ; but I could nover forgot it. Anothor man might, whon his yule was cold, have warmed himself at littlo fires, as Tennyson says ; but not I — not I; Thero has not been a day, nor a night, that I haven't cried for you in my heart, as a baby cries for its mother. And now that you have como back— oven now, when I can seo you and hold you— oven now, aftor two-and-twonty years, I must not ask, I must not hopo for, ono moment's real consolation ! O, my God" — sobbing heavily — " how am I going to bear it !" Suo waited a long timo at tho gate below tho hill, and the thoughts that kopt hor company were oxcocdiugly bittor. For the first timo in her life bitter thoughts woro associated with that beloved father who, sho had foudly imagined, could do no wrong. Thoro had boon no mistaking the naturo of his emotion whon ho recognised his friend, and tho fact of having dimly guessed a sentimental secret in connection with tho long ago past did not lesson tho shock to his daughter of seeing that the illicit passion whioh only youth and tho pocnliar circumstances could exouso, had survived through two-and-twenty decorous years, and now blazed as high as ovor. Ho had not oven tried to disguise it. Ho had considered nothing but his own lawless feelings, just liko any common man— like the agnostic of ecclesiastical tradition, who, having no fear of eternal punishment, lives for his selfish pleasures only, and counts duty and honor as nothing. Oh! how had tho mighty fallen ! and what a tragedy that fall was! With all tho severity of young and untried virtue, Susan Delavel judged hor father, and foil that sho could nover again look up to him ns sho hod done. And undor the bitterness of this high minded disappointment thero was tho bitterness of personal jealousy, alive and full grown all in a moment where such a feeling had never beforo oxisted. Tho world seemed to havo suddenly clouded ovor. Everything was changed by this dire catastrophe. Chapter XXIX. — Love and Doty. When the culprit appeared at last he was alone. Sue did not look at him, nor ho at her. "Como along," ho said, with a sort o.f hard sternness that sufficiently indicated his state of mind, as ho sharply opened and shut his watoh ; and he hurried her down tho zig-zag road back to tho familiar streets, and hailed tho first hansom ho came across. "Look sharp." ho shouted to the driver, conscious of offending against tho domestic regulations, which was an urgent matter, uven in tho face of tho higher . tragedies of life. And then he sat and stared at the side walks, half turned from Ins daughter, and spoko not a word till they arrived at Darling Point. In the hall Mrs. Delavel met them, with the face of an avenging angel, mild but terrible. It was three-quarters of an hour pust the timo for that cold meat tea which was tho Sunday sub stitute for tho week-day dinner. " How aro tho servants to get to church?" she demanded with sad severity. " How can wo expect them to bo punctual with their duties if wo set them such on example? How nm I to koop any propor order in tho house " Her husband put out his hand, and quiotly, without touching hor, swept hor from his path. Ho was not in a condition to bear this sort of thing just now. Ho mado straight for the library, which opened off the uppor hall, and cntoring that room, whioh was peculiarly his own, sharply shut the door behind him. Ho was a complaisant husband as a rule, but thero wero times when evon Annie under stood that he was dangerous to meddlo with, and sho saw that this was one of them. But, as usual at such times, his demonstration of independence and of indifference to her possible sufferings was vory galling to her feelings. She felt that her paramount rights as a wifo wcro disregarded, which to hor, as to a great numbor of married ladies, was the deadliest of deadly in juries. And, therefore, a slow resentment and indignation hardened hor soft mouth and oyes, and hardened her heart against him. She followed his vanishing figure with a still, set look, that thoso who knew her under stood to mean a long continuanco of grievous if silent, displeasure, her lips compress od, hor nostrils dilated, offended womanhood mani fested iri every lino of face and form. As the shutting— I might say banging— of tho library door echoed tbrougli tho house, hor daughter's arms woro thrown round hor nook and sho was kissed with warmth on her comely check. "Mother, darling," grid Sue, with unwonted tenderness, " I am so sorry ! "Wo went further than usual— wo forgot about tho time. Wo mado aB much, haste as we could when wo found how late it was. I will leavo my bonnet hero " —putting it and hor gloves on tho hall table— "and we can sit down at once." Annie returned the rare embrace perfunc- torily, with a stiff and bitter smile. "I am glad only you aro here to seo how your father treats me, and not tho servants," said sho, with a vibrating voice, "I thinks ho forgets that I am his wife — that ho is a gentleman." She would have flown out at those words yes terday, but they struck her now with a kind of painful truth. Still she felt bound to defend her comrade, even in bis disgrace. "He meant nothing, mother dear. I am sure ho novcr intended to bo rude to you. But ho is tired — I think ho isn't very well. You know he gets a littlo impatient at times. Let us go and havo tea." They went to diningroom together, and Annie sat down behind her silver kettle, with tho settled resolution of a martyr. Her daughter helped her to cold chicken and ham, to bread and to salad, to butter and to salt, hovering round her with a loving attcntivoncss that was not at all in tho usual order of things. She thought it was intended to deprecate tho reprimand wliich hud boon so justly incurred ; and that rominded her of the girl's complicity in tho father's offences, and rendered her un responsive to the lattcr'sblandishments as a rock to summer waves. It was her habit when sho was displeased to "set" slowly and steadily, liko a cooling blanc mange, and sho had reached that point of stiffness now at which displeasure ceased to How in words ; ,but, as in the caso of tho blanc mango, it required substance as it Bot, and Sue, in common with' all tho members of tho house hold, know that the less sho was scolded tho moro in disgrace sho was. She folt herself re pulsed by her mother's manner — felt the breath of the Arctic atmosphere as a ship sailing in the knows that it must steer with caution ; but sho remained gentle and warmly tendor herself in spite of it, full of her now born sympathy, ber profound pity for the parent who had beon wronged so muoh more deeply than sho knew. Thoy ate and drank mcohanicslly, for the most part in a silence that was only broken by the tinkle of a teaspoon and tho noise of scraping butter upon toast. Tho father did not como to his waiting chair, and tho mother was much too proud to call him. If ho wished to Bhow his temper in a way that would certainly sot all the servants gossiping, it was for hor, ahe considered, to bear it with what dignity sho could, not to descend to vulgar remonstrance. But as the minntos passed, and he mado no sign, her smooth-faced anger deepened, her cold resentment froze. Suddenly Suo jumped up. " I will tako him a cup of tea," she said. " Ho must want some thing after his long walk, and perhaps he doesn't feel well enough to come out. May I, mother ?" Silently Mrs. Delavel pushed an empty cup towards her danghter, who filled it from tho teapot and cream jug. ' Suo cut a-sandwich and put it on a plate she added a buttered scone, then a wafer of toast, thon a little cake, with that womanly am indeed human instinct for tho right treatment of mental snfforing which tran scends reason and moral principles ; and, placing cup and plate on a tray takon from tho side board, carried them to tho library. Tho large room, that wa3 richly sombre in tho brightest day, was now in darkuess, save where tho rising moon made a white mist about tho writing tablo in the window and on a strip of book lined wall, and its lonely occupant lay in a corner out of the light, stretched at full length on a sofa, with his arm thrown ovor his eyos. Suo know whero .ho was, and know hor way amongst the masses of oaken furniture that stood between liim and tho door. Sho stole with tho footstop of a ghost over the Turkey carpet, pulled up a chair beside him, set her bnrdon upon it, and then said gently, in a flat, colorless voice, " I have brought you a enp of tea, father." Softly as sho moved, ho had heard her approach, and when sho spoke ho slowly put his arm down and looked at her. Sho could not soo his face in the darkness, coming out of tho lighted hall, thongh he could seo hers ; but she presently saw. bis two arms outstretohed, his two strong hands lifted to reach her — an appeal of which sho understood tho wholo meaning, and whioh she could not resist. Dropping on hor lcnecs, she leaned forward and was olasped to his breast, where, after a moment of passionate silence, sho broko into sudden sobs. " Old girl, what's the matter?" he whispered, knowing woll what the matter was. "What aro you worrying yourself about ?" He stroked her hair and patted her shoulder with a hush ing gesture. "Arc you finding out that I'm a bad lot, and not worth caring about any moro?" As she still wept without speaking, ho con tinued, a little bitterly, "I told you I was a black sheep, didfi't I ?" " Oh, fnthor !" sho moaned at last. And tho two little words — all sho could articulate — bore a volume of meaning to him. "But I am not nn unmitigated rascal, Sukey. I don't commit crimes of malice prepense. I don't, so to speak, lay myself out for villanios. You beliovo that much, don't you ?" Ho raised himself into a sitting posture, and mado her sit boside him. Ho laid his haggard grey face on hor droqping head, huD holding her in his arms. In this position, on tho edge of tho sofa, regardless of tho spoiling tea, thoy kept silenco for a little ; and then ho spoko again, moro collectedly than beforo. "Yes, that was Constance Bothuno," ho said. "Odd, wasnt it? — when I had just been telling you about hor for tho first timo. I dont know what pos sessed me to talk about her. I liavo never talked about her beforo. I no moro oxpcctod to seo her rise up beforo mo like that than I expected to seo her ghost. The shook was too sudden, ray dear — the surpriso was too great ; if I had had a little preparation I should havo borne it better. I suppose," ho coutiuued, "you havo guessod tho truth— you havo found out what we used to bo to enoh other ? " " Yes," whispered Sue, with burning chocks. " But, even thon you woro — you wero — " "I know — I know — it was all wrong, of course. But thoro was literally no choico. She was too sweet and good — I was too muoh with hor — and, indeed, it happened before I knew it had happened, and before she knew that I was not frco. That was tho only really bad thing I did — I did not say I was marriod when I know them first. All the rest was my misfortune, not my fault. And wo really did ' bohavo well,' as people say— wo did, indeed; you must beliovo that of us. Constance was simply a saint incarnate. I wasn't, but it was all tbe more credit to me thct I did what. I did. I fought a good fight, my girl, though I say it that shouldn't — a harder one than, ypu can havo any idea of. I havo dono my level best. No man con do more." " But you lovo her still !" ' "Yes." Ho drew a long breath. "That is a dispensation of fato— it is from no will of mino. I have tried to bury and forgot it, and, sinco it wouldn't bo buried, I bavo shut it up, so that no ono should see it— my skeleton in tho closet — my closet, wliich was liko a secret chambor in a panelled wall, unknown to everybody but tho masterof tho liouso. Haven't I kept it well ? But to-day thoro was an earthquake, and tho carthquako burst the closet door open. Ono can't provide against earthquakes." " And mothor !" breathed Suo, almost inaudi- l>ly. "Was nothing to you, from first to last ?" Ho gavo a sort of shivor as sho put this hard question— Annie's child, who was so innocent and truo. "God is my witness," ho said solemnly, "that I havo dono my duty by your mother to the host of my power— I havo never forgotten that I was hor husband." "And no w 't " "Oh, now the skeleton is being put baok again. It is not quite disposed of yet, but it will bo soon. I am at this present moment engaged in a hand to hand struggle with it— for it is much livelier than skeletons usually aro —and am, I think, rapidly getting tho best of it. Try and trust me, my littlo girl," ho pleaded, tightening his arms round her, as ho folt hor crooping oloser to him. " Try and beliovo that I want to do right— and will— to tho vory limit of my strength." Sho lifted her face and they kissed each other, sadly but sympathetically, both of them comforted by tho strango confidences that had passed between them. "I think, "said Richard, '"T will go into tho diningroom now and make my apologies to your mother." So they left the untouched tray on tho library chair, and returned to the diningroom, whero Annie otill sit at the hoad of the table finishing her own comfortless meal. " My dear, I'm very sorry I'm so late," ho said gently, laying his hand on her shoulder. " Havo you another cup of tea in the pot ?" Mrs. Delavel drew herself away from his touoh and rose with a calm air. " You must askSuetoattsndto you," sho repliod, in tones thai were calculated to chill the !>!.' si in tijeif veins ; and then she passed from the room and i 9 left them to their own donees. ? j3 Suo did attend to her father assiduously 8 Her mother's hardness to him melted any hard « ncss that might have lingered in her own heart - '"fl and disposed her to be altogether pitifuL Sbf made him somo fresh tea, buttered him another soone, knelt on a stool beside hira whilo ho ate $ and drank, which ho did perfunctorily, and Jv more for the sako of showing her that the \ : routine of ordinary life was uninterrupted than ; because he had any sense of hunger ; and whon | ho pushed away his cup and plato advised him, in the manner of a mothor to a sick child, to go and rest liimsclf on tho library sofa. " And don't fret." she whispered. "Remember, you v have got mc." " I shan't havo you for long," ho roturncd. " Oh yes, you will. I am not going to loavo you whilo you want mo— upon any considers tion. No ono can ever be what you aro to me." , "Ah, my little grconhorn, I thought you didn't know much about it !" he retorted, with a laugh. "You think you do, don't you? But you haven't learned the ABC yet. You'ro a perfect infant— a baby in swaddling clothes, my dear." 44 1 hope I shall novcr grow up if that means that I am to grow selfish," sho said gravely. "Is that meant for a reproach? Wait till you are a littlo older, Sukey— a littlo more developed than you are now — beforo you sofc yourself up as a judgo of other people, especially of nn old man who has been through tho whole campaign. It looks an easy matter to win battles that other folks have to fight — an easy tho temptation coracsto you in its fullstreugth." "With that ho left hor, and returned to tho dark library. And sho went slowly upstairs, with hor bonnot in her hand. 1 Sho had a spacious apartment of her own— bedroom at ono end, sitting room at tho other — with two French windows opening upon a balcony and overlooking the Bay. Ifc had Persian carpets and Morris-chintz covored arm ohairs, and all tho daintinossos that wealth, and teste can gather about a young lady oE position ; altogether, it betokened habits and customs that made hor choice of a partner iru lifo seem singularly inappropriate. A littlo fira burned on the tiled hearth, near which stood her slippers, and hor dressing gown hanging over a choir back. At the opposite ond of the room Hannah, was turning down tho bed, and Hannah began to scold with her usual vigor. 44 Now, Miss Sue, you did ought to know better than to put your mothor out in this way. You know bow particular she is ; and, after aU, it's not much to do to please her. YouVo got a watch, haven't you ? You know sho can't bear to havo you lute to meals. Sho's that put 5 out that sho woii't bo herself again for days His lordship came to coll this afternoon, and ho stayed right till dark, hoping you would como in " 44 O, bother his lordship! I wish he'd go back to England. " 44 1 think your mother wants you tomarqy' him," said tlie plain spoken Hannah. ' " She may want. I'm not going to many a muff like that," ".Well, Miss Sue, seeing what wretches hjua bands aro — all except your father, who's the exception to the rule — and seeing that you must marry somebody, I think a muff is the best sort to ohoose. Then you may have a chance oE managing, and of getting your own way a bit." " I should think % muff would bo the worst sort of aU to manage. He'd most likoly he aa obstinate mule that you could neither lead nor drive.!' 44 Lord Boyton isn't a mule — he's a real nice young man. Mrs. Blundoll's maid says it's quite a pleasure to have him in the house, ho'ssoeasy and pleasant spoken. And it would be some thing to oo Lady Boyton, and not just a com mon Mrs. I believe your father would like it." " Father would put him outside tho door vory quickly if he attempted to make lovo to me. He's not at aU in father's style, I can tell you, any more than he is in mine. And you needn't take to match making on my account, Hannah." " 17" cried the old woman indignantly, 4( I am the last person. But if you've got to marry . —and you'ro full old enough now — you may as well bo thinking of it. " Her hatred of husbands as a class was combined with a fatalistic notion that they wore necessary ovils by no means t® be evaded. 44 And I don't want to sec you take . up with a common colonial." The person I toke up with, though he may fcu a colonial, shall not bo a common one, "said Siie smiling into the mirror of her wardrobe, aa oho shut up her bonnet. Then sho added abruptly, 44 Hannah, when was it that you first saw my father? "Was it beforo mother camo out to him ?» A little while before. Why ?" Hannah paused in lior ministrations, and looked earn cstly at her young lady's back hair. 44 Was it while — whilo ho was living with tha Bethuncs ?" ""What do you know about tho Bcthunes?'1 tho old woman questioned sharply. Oh, nothing. Father happened to mention them this afternoon — that's aU. And I won derod if you knew them." " I know who they were," said Hannah, cau tiously. 44 You never told me," said Sue. 44 Why should I tell you? Ifc was no busi ness of yours. I knew a heap of people befora you were bom that I don't concern myself aboufe now. Are you going to sit up hero, or are you going downstairs ?" 44 1 am going to sit here." 44 Then I'll put you on another Jog,1.' caid Hannah. Which she did ; and then retired to her own quarters, wondoring what could have possessed her master to speak to his daughter about tho Bethuncs. (To be Continued.) 