The Challffy C'ollegt tie-gn tlwhich rncehi ed the pr:ze of £111 l, wa sent iin :arntirli tI by the appropllriate motto of .I17t r:t I'ita. The report of the jullge, i given on the flth page of this ihue. It gl'eie o gre:a plea: ore to a:nmollunc that the I eign wsl pr-lpr ed hby MJiere E. C. Sharlinl and i. T. El. mmurl<. architect, of 1ihblura: awl thir' su, ccss, against alll hot of colmpetitor+. dHowrvce our heartie-t coiotllil atolll I. ale :r ranged atl give :t replroductio of thCt dsig; inll our lpge at ai earlly date:i. Thie lirl of Itafuirly left IIkldura a few daIvi ago hv the Iet, eni rtie fior Ca:ilifornlia and ligland. lis intention .ai to hleave edohey t-y the Alnerictn maiil -te:ier for i Franc?iico, and lie will vi it nihtaio anld eittiwandat. thle Catey irriigation coeliie u e ii Sutern ':lifioria. Irl laiin furly intetd. alo to make a thtrongh in fpection of the principal irrigation estah lishinent, in the 1";iatent State=. 11, i e niy expect that he will ntmtake good ue of ile time. lie will - abi'e to diraf very favo.urn?hle infereneci a, to the future of 1lihlurihua from what lie will see in the irri g.ation oh ie.4 of California. It i< all ii1 itve:tntioi to obt::ihl :t? a lm y new \;lrie::e of fruit trees i- p --ile Ito plant ont li' landt Ml 31ildura : and in iitrtlucing then he will prove hin\\-elf it Ie a :lpublic hee factor. It i- plrobable th.t on hie r. trn the Coulitee of It:utfurl. will lclompany him. nitihIp i Tuesday. I[e waro' tiching. :iili uceeded in haidling two blth ashore at one pull. 1u diseutangleig themc the hook. a .vry large one, entered the teshy part of hi: llhand, d he was eutablte to extroact it. I 1 stuflTered a good deal of pain with it, :and11 went down ti Wentworth Hoslital in the evelitng to have the injury attendedo to. Owing to the rapid fall it the 31urray tiver, Captain I thie regard: it as ec.x tremeo l doubtful whether hie will be able to nake mor'e than another i trp ditr tot thei ea-on with the Trafalgar frotm Echtiea to the settlement. Isinesll menll should aecept the hint anod ly; in their stocks accordinglty. The scribes are oin thie hiit for ctpy, and 3ildtra is the prey they are tlrsiltlc. 'il he .Ivit S : n1"d .I,/ , hatve lately " sent their re porteri here, and " Teletitcli¢hlt "t< now tell inllg its oethiing it who.t he thinks of .Lil-t dulra. he litl, I le;tlOl I,-dent olrils mlnl pub-l lished the tirt part of his screed tralt week, and he furnishe- ; lot ,f new ;ool atnOth ing facts about the sc.heme. 'rite .tebaide uiu.rrer hadt o?e remai;rks btiout thle rettle Itln l y, lltlately and now the II d./y t icmers Melbournie.ha- proi?ired it ie oaof articles on 3iiltira from the able pen of Mr .\ tNoaughtie,, agriitultur editor of that jiorna:tl, who vi-ited the -ettletment :'bout three weeks ago. Thi latest effort to tell the listening wor'l about 31iltura ought to be tihe bett yet. Buildings are springing up all over the town with encouraging rapidity. Etict succeeoling week marks a difterence ih the :treet,. Our reporter cttonot keep track of hildutras progress without mtakitgl special round of the place. We have told hilt off for the work this week, and i next issue a contiuuatiot of the article on Progressive 31ildura may be looked for. .Atonig the trophies thatt aire to be run for at the Mildura Racing Cluh metetirt on I-oxing tDy will he a haindtotre atnld valu able silver cup, presented by M.r S. Cureton. of the irt of M?c-?rs Chatf'ey Bro. Ltd. It will be called the " Cutor?it Clip," and it is the iutentiot of the dotnor to repeat the gift antually for tent years. Mr Cttreton's liber ality in this direction sets a good examtple, which we trtust will hear fruit otuongst the lovers of sport. A good race mieeting is a big di.trict i advertiemein t,tid there are few ways in which the importance of a place can be so clearly manifested. Tie ralbbits are having l: bhld timne un the settletnentat preeent. A wire- lletting fence encloses an t rea of about i ,i0i acres, in which there is no grass to speak of. Messrs Chaffer Bros are making up for tie deti ciene of herbage by distributing phos phorised wiheat with a liberal hawl anml sevcral carts. The rabbits eat it and give up the ghost with their other follien. slniniess mten at Mildur.n wnill he glad to learn that tihe wharf site has been deli nitely fixed. It will conmence a:t the west front corner of M3essrs \\. 11. Gunl & Co'a large store alld extenld iup tile river Ibnik for :cl?ft. Tihe position is one that will fully satisfy public requiretnents, Iand now that the site is settled thie 3[iltlura Progrees Committee should endeavrollr to llorne the (i?eernlllentll to have tile wharf erected it once. Isn hildura soil adalpted for thle growthl of fruit trees ? Just pay a visit to Mr .. 3Mon nington's plantation anld see wlhat tiley are doing there. Some of the aphricot trees th:lt were pa:nlletl fotr weeks ago have m:ade Ii inches of growth already. The Ihaly cleared out yesterday -hortly beiore nooln with n full comnplcmen"nt of pas sengers. .\ .howing the itet'etV of lfe io ?e oranlge tree : triking int-t:l, came utdeor lnotie in l:lnection with the plallting of M1r 31,lllnnigtou's slection. oni the fur:her side If thi Sa:' alo g Vall?e. '\itl : t,'i were lrlllhlll.e nearl %4y'llVey. anill. -rilg l, their hon, miiserntr tite werie over ,ix we'ks ,n the_ wlay. o:w:h- tulndil, tlh' , they 'ere pla ntel out ;der tlc ,rrec ,t Air W . I l. l iha:ie'y. n l tiihey rrr ,h :l. . dlidly. hardly a Qi- , he! recncr,i ,l. The nlew \We-llei It itn rch. h hlclit st:, Il ol Nintlth--tree:. I iu11IM- c 111letle . and l: pre-eLts a neat and1111 trim a1lep;:ree, out-ide anlI inside. The proaiin for ventatilation and lighting i- excellent. :a?l folk. need not oIIject to go to ehlreh on the -stuw of :"lico?ifiort. The opening seriedo, will hie held on Smuday mrnling at I1. and the t! v. A. libl:day wrtill preach is the evenlig it , A pblic tc:r meeting. to celvhinte the .pen ilg of the tirst 'hureh ill thesettltenelit. will he hehl ,, Fr'idray. the letIth i-t. 'iThe nl VertitelHlitt o ile thttuhje,.t appear. eie The local ericket lih? is shui.ng nigris of n igeorui. life. iPracr:ticeltake: place every eeniaing in Iu:ekint .1evtn , the iattitlg for the 'ieket iieni, :errircl h.r the T'rfal;gar. .A matchnr will he pilaalt o:n Satu?ray afterr i nl between the' tealml picketd to Imeet Wentworth on tihe oth itl-t. anld :Ill colers:.' The tmettber.- selecteldl he t match o ittee ito itIphllol the eime of the' tetlenl iit against Wentworth o)I tile i:te nHamed abo:ve re:--IHytot,. ('"dl. Thorley, M31?:', dree., Sh`harlend, \'ert,'e. Tafylor Secretan. Willey :lnI The mpeu. Ilmer gr't'y : l)onald. hadll to conceive f mat:hll inl IbItter eveIt run the " poior fanner" point oif view. The wheat grew on .Mr J.1. F'. 'ieront's plot. at the ild of the No. " :a5ft clhanil. The seed wa, taken fro miane colllmon what that hadlbecn procurol for phIosplriiug in onler to deitro" rabilts, antt the wheat howln to o1 ha lproltelt fron soie of thalt intendtrl to knock hlunty iutt fits. Thatt vhvch has Ilot been irrigated it poor and hlurt illn st:alk :anllldl ea:lt, only abut one-thinl the ii. of thie irrigat:edl wheat. which it vigorou:ald long., with rich traw and .tro,?. well-tilled head. Mrls .r iersotl lookel aftier the irrigating of thie plot. .L special meetihlg of the 3mitillra lt:eiltng Cllb wal held in the olici of thie ]:l?inler in-Chtief on 'T'lCLesday evening. I deal with the incluion if 31r tirntio'n ci p il the stakes to ite oilnluttil for. It wat ,locitdel to substitute Mr Cureton s cip for that offlerd by 1lr 311lLaren, the latter glntlem:uan a?reilng to give a tlroph for the second horse. The rice w-ti altered to l'The Clore race meetings if tlhe club. Oine or two IId ditional altelldleIlt were matlle inl the pro gramme, which will lie found iin :in adver tisctiett elsoewthere. It will lie seet[ fromt outr dvertiing coilltumt that tendersi are iring called for tile erection of the Milliura Coffee Palace. Con tractors will notei thitenders are returnable on Saturday, the 1Oth inst. The Mutrray at 'ildura htas foallen tin during the patt week. It now regiter. 1 ift Iin above u?mttmer level. M r I;. Ili ni . i? i making thig h mll iln the timbhr line. ite hii alrleady laded a heavy :,trck of cptev s pine and red gius, tnol rte is erecting extelnsive preli-c: on the river bank. lie is also tlitting up a large steam mill for isawing red goun on thie grtinud. The plant as at preleit designedt will include a vertical and two ibench saws and other aip plialcees. The bisineto will bh eonducted by Mr W. (tldecke. whoi has lbeen connectedl with Mr llist.- Naraudera mill, for the last tnine years. Wehlave to thank our friendly contem porary I',elrh for a very uaeful noitice of tie cdltiatotr. lie pultblihe, the fact th:at the inhabitants of China, Jlapan tand the llriti<h Lsles can obtain their plaper for LI -I : ?year tand he remark- that the inhltbitants of Sen XYork. I.~nm a?d ,.ther" villaget Are pro hahlc wihl with curi--ity to knotsw what is going .n in ltildnra. That i0??. They are -to judge ftlro tileenlliries eron those dfi tant hamnlets. While l'telh enontimrea to read:l his Cldtitrator so earehingly-right dlownl t tlthe oilice ndvertiemntlt-no dal:lnger to the public int?:.t ca ensulle front hlis pleasantries. The Legislative Council nn Wedtlneday did nothing bunt d.iliberate on the Lunacy Statute Further Atmtendtmett Bill, and ofter twohours'disctussitn the secnll readilg w:ta agreed to. The Assembly oiln Weder:day ewa on its good Ilehavtliour: the e-tima:tets were proceeded tw:th. tite education votei taking up a good deal of time, "tut all were passed. The Irrig ttiou Trust Voterv' Bill was pa sed lno, teh-n severta billt dealing wtth cit and sutburban interests progressed :t stage. Jlr L. IL. umith proposed the ap ..ont,?|U of a |o':t:tneut ti-herie- cmmi riotl fur the coloun. hut im?e fur cl u blcra tion of the utatter w i.:., luio : - and granted. On Thursday ev::iil :.: eajsideratiou in c -lum ittee of .ti, E l ': : ,l I' '-t::M .\ ]lt ra ! nil T ll r uI seI' I r 1'?,1I" .I ,,h .il,u il. :to1l .? ,l " ,:allin; bhegai :u:i. Th., Ilino : far into the -t ll hour-.:111. inll e ll ed. r left licn sing, thie 1,il 111 th the repor:or- h:al tie. The ilippti..;tu ,.,l,,red hety we' . r:.le. to sit ,,n till S:ni -i. :,1 IIIh: t; eri i ulin ,pu rter< itl t hlld, t tllti ,"" Weil r, read} to d,,, the '..Mloe. ' he taluk chietly circled arouerd vwting :,an, tlhudi'i-.:,,f Solth Mellt ournlllno t, lhee el , lt,,-. ;?w on the latter point Ahrl (i elll , - V?a \' I flli' ith t:ri l ,- p -ti-al ,f .Mi -iter. It. in rr :Ir w ith h is co n. -tit muen y . I , w a intt,l ,m V di . trct with three 1etlnhr" inht-ail ,f llthreeC trilicth with one onll rotlll .l htl hll e dio l not get lie dtieirl. iir Qtuick tmored an atenmll entllt for lrepea.liUn plul-: vt;lin, ,and '' supportedtil bly .ir Mlira.ni-. ibut the , tint:irs tloot bye I i ti The lin . on until Friday aftern,,on Ain article on the crr-t:,lli tatio ftr:t: iA tIt li-hed .m hwlen. in the t ,ric. t .1n. It oltainL ?ollllne I infr ti , of greatII iL itereiit il .\l.traliuttlrit lrowev -t. - Si.tiLotr (I Iranolt'.l n l, the IIlall l l-nlll General fr the \Iln-r.,liai (c1 louie i< : pre'-ut >pendin, a e,",k in tih, etlhtleiit. 1, arriveod Io the l otihtu .'lii: Iti . erv - ingr. aitil Sle.; th:.t ll mhui lit ,e- u mrvtin riilnd getting pointh ;:hout thei it -ehie lld the mlethoul-,f ?culttr and irri..ation prn.u. ti-ed bere. sihnor k?'inlchi i- :ihut to pay a i-i- to i h ti ttii'it o untir-, ntiii it it jitt ito ible that Ihe ti -ter.-i .Millura at l. 41ihle outlet for .",1l10 of the ui'l .u< laottir there. litlo .. 'l'he Italia:; ittaket 1phlendild lalourer---- lpecially in ctniection with the gardeuing indutr:es. It will he nltietl fret , at ?aertliren?it appalrinig el<etwhtere that r FIti' Clarik t:at dli-io tl of tie ittere-t in lie bti of .'hlark, Sihairlandl a Co. The bitintieo Lif the firm will he condticto Il by .he.-rt? Sleh i"arl & Call in future. ling. Theirle uir -evral pai segr: ? and a big general cargo. T' I' .a- ti, of goods were: M\essrs 3'lK: y lint=. flvl'rinl t1 iacka. It. I. W\illiam- . C,.. 'bhatll'ei trl Ltd.. .1. It. 3\ll'ay ,t l',)., .I. K. Ihlxtotnl, ltu.la.( & I, ck. Ite.1, It. l E. It rok h lou-e", Ca.Ipt. 1).at'ie. .1. .Matthnw', It. \lida.ey,.1. Mills..l.(r,)-thwaite. T.C ; nHtnta, \\(. (Idla:gher. It.e tl'... Mlll1r. ci. Prior. . licreta . 11. F..iim 1. Ii. 11i Itimv. 11. Chitty. I). iC tt, V.lekill. tr?yn, , lihilelt , (lentn il" Iat :reckuil. T. T i l:: e T'heollntal'o /.."o:I"[ilrd .if Ith.luInI-It repro. duledl alil article fll l thr Il i r'all'tl"lr i ilng isome articular, alllt tIle prop,,ed iChal:e College of .\1*ricult lur. The It ,',rd "" wi -hc. greait stcies to theti tune?ke of ottirt i pro-peru? :aid sucee--tfitl College, libtrally mdowel o by the stai n t Ii -r± Ctitt'vy" Our reller will rei tu ll' that ini the C'ulirato ofA .Luguit ;lh ; letter wat i plh lishud in which M1r .J. 'lTod-.\ee called par tictul:r attentioin ti:h Ixt- eper ient, of Mr William Peacock, re.pIeting tie prevenitiot of fcratm"ttion of frutit. 11-r ietoiock iactedt uipon the fact di.calerit by . . I-.lteut that fermentation takes it ri-e in thei bloom uipoI the fruit, and ti a -:ic of experimtents hie stcccded in pitackit: ai shitpping fresh fruit to London in a ptee- 'tate of preser ration. by de~troving thi- bloom withhut injury to the fruit. TId- h- Todl-.1fer'cr ciurl-tiered a mlt inporucnt fIt t for Mi[Mur: fruitgrnower-. aml in hIr- Itner he -ilvoc:tted the e-tablilhent in due tinc ih, Milturi tif a deptit where tare upitititie. if fruit coa" ie lprepatred for shlmtiiit [hi y I Peaecockc : proce--. The )ltariet 1 I,,..r. give: it alnl mary of the peroee, , thitc -cent- to be tll kntowt in California. ,mt in couchtsiln this is the way it refere to th: uhjcet:--." There nty hit onlethintg inihii i itttier. hiit wihen they talk about fruits never decaying if the bloom is wiped ctI'. it -trike. u- that our .\AitraIlian friendt hi t-eht:,tetn the -uaericut record for lying hy a lih -cre." We may remark, ill the word- .r lI.well-.- Th.ey didn't kiotiev erythinigdin in .1 l.he'e." anti apparently tithey dlont t i i California, either. .otr 'altter I. Pattm i- ' , ,," it ll Met bo rne ie and may possibly vi'it .11ildutra. lie tlhe editor of pI?lication- toi tile EI:ligraots"' Il formetation Olice in Lnln. which i- a branch of the Colonial Olit. t:u1 t, lo has visited Natal, Cape Colony. .Nerw Zel:anl. Queell lano anil New South 'nler. in ordler to oh tain information for thocenetit ofi emigrant. If he caln spare the time ito i thought ti't Ie will go to South Aut-trali.o he way of 3lildura ant the Lower Murray. tli visit shotlll prove of great imporo,'tance to all who aredesirous of haviono eclrrect infolrmatilont regaoling the coloniel dito u-e'l ;lllog-t the right sort of people ill the old coulntry. Messrs Tweedie andt Yule. of St?el lill. atliotule ill nt :iL tid ll-ere:t.Ot sonwerhoee in thit paper that they are ready to receive or dere frotm Mildra resi:delnts. Thoe who keep a colonial uel hini " ic. ,T for ,oake.-hite sonttin ?eonr ae- : e ,.tŽ.nOŽtl:l" to try thn. 