THE LADIES' PAGE. ACTUiEX AKD WISTES WEAR. O?tv:..Mf«.w ±!i-s. ssaert trnr goKTQi, on account of ihs simple character of their drapery «n^ jh» anasac resolss acblered Ogr gyl i^nwimiiig, nerd Mrile other decoxaalon ; bat. nevertheless furs. braids, pfissemssaieriis, ana embroidery are shown La the most ensidog '»''«^ Where entire skin-fronts are of brocade, alk TTw.Tj.ra3* of *-lain rich qnaiisyare used, for x&s; remaining poriaon o£ tsie gavn. £s k-o ranch ferossde safcfy. away frosn the desired eases. A ricb-kokmg go-srn shown ax a recent show was m&daopinconiEassingcoloaxs-; Tb~peitic©M was formed of biscalx colonred failJe. Over this fell a welJ-cat redin^ose of dark-green velvet, finished *'iih * Test of the salk. The skirt was mads Ions enough so be worn over a bustle sufficiently lonz to bold ix in place, so tbax ix should not fall into she figure, as skins without drapery are apt to do. Trimmings there were none, as such a gown would lose its smart air if ir were trimmed at all, no im«T«pr hoar xich the g&rnitOBe; znisdhi be. By-the-by, ii is ?worthy of men tion that the velvet in this gown was coixon, or what is known as velveteen. The eouon velvets oi to-day are almost, if not quite, -as handsome as the silk ones of a dozen rears ago ; and silk velvets, plushes, «'d brocades, nnles? they are especially of a sumptuous quality and colouring, cost no more than did a good silk gown ten years since. Black gowns are always in demand, and never more than now. These are trimmed with letted net and large windmill butterfly bows of watered ribbon. Pearled tolls is employed, and tulle worked in diagonal bands with gold colour. Those who dress artistically are adopting the empire style of a softly-draped crossed bodice, disappearing beneath a wide sash at the waist. The sash is abont four inches wide and four yards long, the ends falling at the back. Women who wonder what will be the best for good everyday wear cannot do 'better than select a good woollen gown simply made If it is to be worn a great deal it is better not to choose a plain cloth, as one with mixed effects does not show the dnst nor the absolute wear ^plainly. A not- brown and wbite striped is an instance of a charming development, because it has that inde scribable air that always commends a gown. Corduroy skirts, under woollen draperies, axe a stylish combination, much favoured by tailor- gown makers. In many instances it i3 selected in bright colours, for vest and caffs only. One of the newest ideas is the red tailor gown. It is usually ofc plain red cloth, braided with black, which gives it a very smart appearance. The becomingness of red to the average type of woman — that i3, she who 13 neither distinctly blonde nor deeply and undesirably dark — made the acceptation of red gowns a foregone conclusion. Bed coats and jackets are also becoming popular. Of thege it may.be said they are never so pretty as when contrasted with a sombre skirt. . We have been told that cloaks are to be worn very long this season, and the prophecy has indeed come true. Lone mantles of cloth, velvet, or plush are worn down to the hem of the skirt, and are trimmed with handsome galons and fur. For evening wrap3 a great deal of Turkish and Bulgarian embroidery is used. The newest shape is close-fitting at the back, with the folds of the skirt just caught up below the waist, and the Ions plain fronts hanging Ioo3e from the neck. Fur of every kind is used as trimming. The most popular is erey. Grebe is again worn. It looks pretty, and is not too expensive Most women are thankful that sealskin and seal plush still retain their places in popular favour ; and, notwithstanding the fact that mistakes are occasionally made, no one has yet committed such a grievous blunder as to decry either its beauty or its richness, and there is a temptation — a personal one certainly— to add to its economy. For if one could calculate what one's several jackets or wraps have cost in the last ten years, one would probably discover that the amount would have bought a coat that, even in its last stages of shabbiness, has an air of past grandeur about it never given by any other material. So each woman solves the riddle of wraps to suit herself ; but; when it is thought over, the wise buyer is obliged to confess that the economy of a seal coat is not like Mr. Micawber'a, all on paper and in theory. The seal coat has undergone some changes. Long and short alike are much closer fitting, and have a smarter appearance than of old. Their price is, of course, still very high, but very good short seal coats can now be had for twelve guineas, which is not so bad when every thing is taken into consideration. In the world of bonnets the buyer has a wide choice. They are seen from the severely simple to the very elaborate, from the . very sombre to .the warmly bright, from the outlines that are called picturesque to those so sharply denned that the student of beauty. as described in curves shudders at the utter lack of them. Surely, with all this latitude, the becoming should be achieved. To one woman this may mean a close-fitting, simply trimmed bonnet ; to others a high one, made of a rich fabric and elaborately decorated ; to still another the large felt hat, with its neat trimming of velvet and winga, may be the ideal ; whereas a fourth sister may find her demands exactly met in the close fitting turban shape that is worn well over the face. The becom ing exists — some seasons it does not, because there has been too narrow a limit net to the shape — but now the high and low, large and small, decorated and plain, strive to render themselves agreeable to all types. It is an accepted fact that in the develop ment of a simply trimmed bonnet a certain amount of artistic taste must be expended, because while a mass of garniture will bide all imperfections, a little will but make the defects more conspicuous. A bird, a cluster of ribbon loops, or any simple garniture, must needs be posed with a certain air — that intangible something that eludes definition, but which gives character to the entire bonnet. Amateurs will be wise if they study these effects in a thoroughly good millinery shop. For the fur-bordered bonnets too much cannot be said. Graceful shapes are usually selected, and the crown is a soft full one, of velvet or plash, the trimming 'ing chosen with consideration for its beauty rather than con 'ousneas. Beaver, sable, and all silky furs are best lor brims, v of these furs is becoming enough to the complexion I it desirable. A \pretty little bonnet in this '' I '* niade at home. \The crown should be puffed, \ -civet or cloth to mitten a costume. Against the *i ndof for, about an Joch and a half wide, and \ ??'? \ in tSse iawat of ibe h&atm-t; is place.1 a s*ronp of perfced-up bows, viih an aigifczie in tlie centre. The imitation cocks* leathers, ; made in many cooours, are in large demand for high crowned j Tyrolean bass ©I fell, for yoang girls. They are artificially I curled, and are tighter, less easily blown abont than real cocks* 5 feathers. 'The favourite colour for them seems to be 'beaver.' } Soft caps of velvet, plush, plain or checked cloth, are much worn 1 by children, the latter having a band ot velvet encircling the I head. If of cloth, it should be. of course, a piece of the same as \ the coax, whilst -relvex 01 plush caps mu3t be chosen with due ' regard so the colour of the dress. Beaver sometimes iorms the I border, and a quill, fancy wing, or even a tiny bird, are the only I ornaments. Yoangsirls wear toques of plash, with simply one or ! two quills arranged in the front, and all-fur toques are fashionable for women and children. With, regard to the small matters in dress, it is to be noted thai braid of all kinds is worn — narrow and wide, silk and wool, black and in colours. Silk braid is used for binding the edges of tailor-made gowns, and it is seldom seen put to any other use. Drapery and b*^]^' edges are finished in this way, some tailors commending hand-sewing, others with equal warmth insisting «*m«-. machine-stitching is proper, so that in making one's own gown there is the privilege of choice. Soutache braid is put over another fabric on these gowns. Evestetc bodices oi satin are covered with steel, jet, or amber sequins until the wearer looks as if she were wearing an armour to protect her against that enemy of woman — age. Is jet, the beads are a3 great a feature as they have ever been., for in mounting it is only the glistening of well-cat beads that can relieve the sombreness, and the new trimmings are exceed ingly beautiful. Batadeee stripes of all grades are increasing in favour for plain skirts to wear under draperies, and tall, slender ladies should be charmed thereat. Cheviots with these stripes are especially seasonable and handsome. Steel ornaments are now once again fashionable, especially when they are well cut, and a number of clasps have been brought out in lieu of buckles, which, by- the-by, save a great deal of trouble, as they only need the belt being Dinned in on either side before it is put on, and then hooked in the centre. Paisljet designs woven upon parts of woollen fabrics are becoming very popular. They make the addition of trimming to a costume quite impossible, and, therefore, are not to be con sidered extravagantly expensive. Those who do not know, or, perhaps, choose to delude themselves, mention these fabrics as .East India goods. The latest bracelet is a large Egyptian coin. It is silver and is covered with hieroglyphics, which one need not feel called upon to decipher even if it were possible. It is attached to a narrow silver band on which are more hieroglyphics, and must never, never be removed from the arm. It is called Oudja, and in Egypt is worn by both men and women. Besides straight- edged metallic trimmings there are many which take the form of appliques, like a succession of shells, entirely composed of metallic embroidery. The kind of gimp usually employed in. inferior gold for theatrical trimmings has been greatly enhanced, and brought on tin a number of fresh designs made in such mixtures as gold and electric blue. There are so many pretty collars in percale and linen thtit it would seem especially the fault of the buyer if she does not find a becoming shape. There are the very high and the medium styles; those which turn 'over a little, and those quite deep in their roll. It seems as if each and every throat had been thought of, and, irom the lingerie standpoint at least, catered to. Oxe of the valued features of domestic dressmaking — and by no means a minor one — is discovered in the economy which may be applied to the process of cutting out the garment. ? Far less material is needful by the use of a pattern than the professional dressmaker requires. Time is necessary for the practice of economy in using up material, and this the hurried woman is unable to secure. Shoulder shawls or large kerchiefs of China crape hand wrought in floral designs and natural colours, also crepe de Chine, Indian silks, Surahs, ic, hand-painted and luce-bordered, are the fashionable wraps for evening and promenade wear. They are knotted upon the bosom with many wrinkles or else are crossed upon the breast and fastened under the arms. If luxuriously large they are tied behind in a simple knot. D it ess skirts that were made last season without foot trimmings and now show sii*ns oi wear are freshened — indeed, made highly fashionable — by being faced close to their edges with wide Titan or Hercules braid of the- same shade or black. The same style of braid will here and there touch the other parts of the dress, and, perhaps, edge the wrists, cover the standing collar, and possibly outline the bottom of the basque as far back as the postilion. A little word of advice about velvet garniture may not be amiss. Do not be deluded into believing that a cheap velvet will answer, for it will not; the contrast between the pile of the velvet and the wool is much desired, and as very cheap velvet has no such rich surface, the wished-for result cannot be attained. If one cannot afford a good velvet get velvet ribbon ; it is not so expensive and will serve the purpose, r ,^'he following is considered by many a handsome combination. Ihe skirt of rich crimson silk is draped over with two deep flounces of Chantilly lace ; crimson faille ribbons are looped across the front, and finished at the side in drooping bows. The front of the bodice is striped with similar ribbons, and the neck is finished with a band of the same. The full lace sleeves are finished at the elbow with bracelets of the same ribbon. A bow to match ia the sole ornament of the coiffure. Moiue is much worn both for evening and day gowns, in stripes as well as shot patterns, while a combination of striped moire and lace for front draperies is extremely elegant. Black faille skirts with drapery of striped black lace and buttercup-yellow moire or satin are also very pretty, the bodice being of black, from the point of which falls a full, broad yellow moire sash over the skirt back. Cream faille skirts are beautifully draped with tabliera of cream lace and moire stripes, while vieux rose looks charming thus arranged. Arnoros of velvet ribbon, a very amnrt trimming may be arranged on a Hat panel by interlacing ribbon about 2in. wide in basket fashion. The lacings must be sufficiently fur apart to show the background, but the result muat look as if the ribbon were embo3aed on the wool rather than applied to it. A trimming of velvet ribbon that is the vogue on basques, and tends to make the figure look long-waisted, is arranged as follows:— Several rows of ribbon start from each shoulder and converge towards the closing, forming the V outline so univer sally admired, the lowest points reaching to the waist. Phinted Indian eilks there are very rare in colour, and quite unique in design, since the patterns have all been taken from old 1 ersuin or Indiun blocks. Some of the designs are arranged in WKlestripes, and would ninke effective curtains or wall draperies. 8ma 11 squares of these, printed silks, suitable either tor hand kerchiefs or for table-covers, range in price trom la. 3d. to 43. Gd., nnd in width from 17in. to :Win. srjuure. The colourings of these printed silks are so ingeniously subdued that they never offend the eye, and will harmonise perfectly with any other artistic decoration. MiLLEfEEs are inclined to disli1 L..ge ' nictn^^T^^2^* of the ease with which they are tifertnel - th^ L U' becau3e feathers ia really all there is to AJbut 'aiateuS''^'1- ?f «5 ? penence that to place a plume proftfty i9 not ^ ™ ™w by ex and requires an experienced hand/ The brim is h^n^ '^'w. S wearers face, and the plumes are massed slizhtlv 2; *° 8u-t the \ one falls over the crown, and another (a very Ion °'\e 8ide ; * down over the brim and touches -he hair, while thewt Comea * downy mass against the crown, which, by-the-br i« rr/ ?ake a ^ than was the tashion last year. For early autumn »£? \Tl 4 hats are shown in olack straw, sometimes underfa^ F he8e ' deep yellow leghorn; but a large sale is not exited fol ^With ^ as the time for their wearing ia so short H^M:u Ior them, ,1 Small cold buttons are worn in the collars tho 1 styles of a year or two ago being considered very undefl1rnK?entrTic 4 some instances a small coloured stone— an emerald a r k In t sapphire— will be just in the centre of the button hnff?ra 1 equally good form to have a button of plain gold or haS. lt w '-? silver. L.ink3 to matcn are worn in the cuffs, or else thu^Ou?ed i gives, place to the caprice for having a Harrow rihWb lOn i through them and tied in loops and ends, a la Mikado A 1 tUn \ handkerchief is a pretty finish to a toilette and thrw«»i?lnty i just now with a tiny frill ol lace about them are not on it Wn * artistic but possess an air of 'nicenesa' which is very attrL rr 1 to a woman who likes fine linen. Large monoTama 1 or ? Wr1^ ' are not liked— indeed, any elaborate working of the nan! * crest is considered rather vulgar. The narrow hem-stitchert i square, with its tiny frill of lace (both lace and lawn fine a« nn. - sible), is the mouc/wir stamped with la Mode's most 00& '? approval at this time, and there ia no doubt as to its datntin»« ^ and suitability. 'wuess ; Veet little plain plush is used for evening dressea, but atrineH - moire and embroidered plushes are in great- favour esDeciaHv for dinner toilettes, which are generally made with open todies and short tleeves of pluan, finished off with chemisettes and ' puffed sleeves to the elbow of gauze, lace, or embroidered net. Some of the lace employed in this way is embroidered with uold and silver, and the dresses are decorated with bpaHa frir.™iL _c beads edging the skirt being a favourite style ot ornament .Nothing, in fact, is too samptuous or costly for these dresses which are, moreover, quite distinct in style and material from the fresh, youthful-lookinz toilettes prepared for young girls These are of tulle, gauze, spotted net, and crepe de Chine, draped with ribbon and nowere, and made in many pretty but not specially noteworthy styles. Apbopos to dinner-table arrangements, how beautiful the new f/ie/iu cards are .' The recent outbrerk of cabbage leaves, slices of lemons, and lobster claws threatened to bring the menu card to a low level indeed. But we have happily passed through that unpleasant phase, and the latest novelties in dinner programmes' are beautiful and tasteful. Parchment is chiefly used for the purpose. The names of the dishes are inscribed in silver or coloured ink upon miniature scrolls of this material, and tied with silver cord, each guest having to untie and unroll the little document placed before him. Other*, more costly and more beautiful still, are scrolls of real Russian leather, richly embossed on the oatside. of a light tan colour, within which the vienu is printed and fastened with a silken cord. They are by far the most elegant menu cards as yet brought out, and will make charming souvenirs of the dinners at which they are used. Heavy cloths with narrow surface lined are in vogue, and ate I preferred by women who find the smooth-faced iabrics unfavour able to them ; they are shown in black and dark green, the limited choice being evidence of the greater liking for either more fancy or plainer clothes. The Astrakhan effect is in black and dark blue, while krimmer is imitated in the natural grey shades. A cloth that is blanket- like in feeling and warmth has a rough surface, over which, at intervals of about half an inch, are raised slightly curled lines of the same colour. It is in three shades of blue— one so dark it seems positively black— in bright scarlet, and in deep green. Two other tones are noted in this— a light tan and a warm brown. The lines are very distinct, and the cloth itself is so delightfully warm to the touch that it is actually a winter's joy. A long coat of this cloth is smart, will hide a multitude of weaknesses in the way of worn gowns, and covers, almost caressingly, the wearer, who is apt to shiver when the cold winda first attack her. Silk gowns are worn by married women for balls, richly trimmed with lace. A new arrangement is a steel train turned back with yellow, the front veiled in point d'Alencon. Another novel notion is steel and brown combined, the bows at the side held down by birds. One of the newest brown dressea we have seen was made in brown tulle, the front covered with three deep kilt-pleated flounces, put on in a rounded form, so that they crossed the front diagonally, and eacn flounce was bordered with poppies. A new colouring ia eau de Baltique. At a first glance it might be taken for eau de Nil, but it is really quite different. If placed side by side it is found to be more yellow in tone, and, be it remembered, more generally becoming. A beautiful mauve tulle dress, indescribably draped over satin, had the front strewn with orchids. The skirt was moat skilfully petticoated witu three steels at the back, many lace-edged flounces being carried up the back inside ; silk pinking at the hem, where, in the con tact with the floor, lace is apt to set so soon spoiled, bpottea ana striped tulle are employed, but not so much as the plain or tpe new variety, covered with tiny tufts of marabout, a matermi moat useful for fancy ball-gowna. . , Libeutt haa obtained a well- earned reputation for artistic materials suitable both tor dress and furniture. His a.ut»in.n novelties merit description. The arc velveteens are particularly pretty, notably in various shades of willow green, the suvety shade being reproduced in a most attractive colour. oea Br®', are equally felicitous, and in gold shading to brown the beauty of the colours deserves the highest commendation, so 00 we crevette pinks shading to deep red. In cloths and cashmeres there are admirable texturea and colours ; the former are suppie, and would drape gracefully ; the samples of Uuiritzur caslimafl disclose several new tones of colour, and the silky 80'1ne*Jn:j the fabric renders it a valuable material to those who ,'»'«« ».°^i dressing an art. The 'Valley Cashmere' and the llimaiay» Cashmere' possess special and much to be commended »et'' ° their own. Then in cottons the variety is endless, ami t -'«:?' oa lines never beiore attempted. The embroidered Ataow cottons,' on which gold figures the designs, on roug » 85J'''* woven grounds of attractive hues, and ' Goid-printed Y^!£in8 Cottons,' will be much appreciated by those w»°uaflect,cXid and draperies of soft glittering textures. And what can l ue ^» of the silks? The Mysore printed silk, the white ^umcliuna' silks, the Mysore gold-printed silks, and the Nagpore bum. ? possess distinctive merita, and will be found useful fora vane, of purposes, some for dressea, others for sashed, aome tor n»' kerchiefs. , ; iMrt-li in A noveltv in evening gowns are white muslins erabr°17ie,icate all colours in a silk guaranteed to wash. There are ^'ica pinks, blues, heliotropes, eau de Nil, and light yd'ow. LJ!'£A the prettieat of all are embroidered in cream silk, or ?scaii. over with Pompadour sprays. The patterns are large ana i{. covering ; they intensity the purity of the n-U9'in' f 'nceh of additional firmness and importance. 'lliere is nbaiJ?B'a|ar|y material for skirt, bodice, and trirnminga ; they ar.e 8r Jjric is inexpensive, and make very handsome gowna. 1 »e flM durable, being an Indian make of book mualin- ,- ,^/of tliern ?lOin. deep, and there are nine yarda of trimming. bouff own9 have u slight admixture of tinsel with the silk. *'vem.'» bc|Oth remind us of opera cloaks, arid it new ?fina,°r; ri', colours, iis being mude in cream, cardinal, and otlier ''«' . otltlie. trimmed with banda of fine gold embroidery ^orueu d material. This forma a point at the back, ai jit w Jju , the down the entire length of the front ; a aoifc »acl^e.',d in 8teel. throat. A grey cloth cloak had been similarly w°r|^'bordered For quite young girla short cloaks with alitiR s'«e^ '£Leti witb with gold cord ; and for matrons loug pluah c'onk* velop it. with JLapland fur, define *he figure and completely envei v viwrs cuffs, and collhr of-white- cloth (the collar: yetyhichV: ? L/s to a- cloth -toilette? of any fashionable: colour. ilAny.. imiiteur who knows how t* prevent the braid from pulling can asHy arrange one fbrberself, and thus save a deal pf;moniey. ;c; ,:^: Twp old wisdom^ the jfptted wisdom of proverbs;^ seems' r«rnpd ud in brie. ' when hi doubt, abstain.' Thiaris also the SSomoE gownsi Unless yob are sure that the garniturea3?&H; ?ViT unless you are certain that the gown. is not going to/weary «mi or become ah eyesore to your friends, unless , you have ♦hniKrhfc of the, times and occasions when you will- require it, : «ip^ vou have done that mysterious something that a woman ^lla' looking around.' and unless you are certain that lateral +v,o QPnson you will not wish you had waited— unless all this is achieved, obey the proverb and abstc in. ' -/J ';-^c;^:. Cimp as we remember it some ten, or maybe fifteen yenrsago, t 1 m come back to us ; but, like all resuscitations, has undergone ihanv important changes. There are no beads upoirjhe: new nimna but they are finely wrought, and various sizes of fine cord frp employed for the exigencies of the .patterns, which are all orabeaaue in style. The special fashion's of the season are bre fpllegand very elaborate epaulettes attache 1 to trimmings for the front of the bodice, to be put on as braces ; sometimes there 5* but one epaulette used, and this ia attached only to one side trimming but mostly they are employed in pairs. These trimmings nrp to be had in all the colours to be found in the season's mate- ? rials Electric blue and mousse green are often blended, and there is much to admire in the ingenuity and beauty of the com binations. A cascade of gimp drops and tags covers the top of the arm Crochet gnlons and detachable trimmings nre also ex tremely fashionable ; they last for years, and are made of the best ailk but naturally, considering the labour they represent, are costly This work is adapted to the bretelles. Into nearly everything, whether it be bretelles, straight-edged gimps, or the embroidery on transparent canvas, which is so fashionable, the metallic thread is invariably introduced, and some of the fine cords used in the gimps are m-ide of it. ? ./:.???;? ..^ :;, :j^l.-:: In many gowns the fabrics are alike in colour, but in others i;'a- dull contrast is noted. Olive and brown, Lincoln-green and American brown, and creason and dark .mode,: are combinations; that are considered smart. Cloth generally has velvet or another ' variety of cloth combined with it, but; the softer Suitinirs show ; either velvet or silk, preference usually being given the former.; A costume of brown velvet in a ? Bhade ript-as red aa American and yet not as dark as seal is made with a short,vplainv Bkirtthat shows the colour and pile of the ^material :;tp; perfect tion. The front drapery iaquite long and is; plaitedatrone, side: to produce a cascade effect, and at the otheris raised in: the.,usual; simple loops. In the back .the drapery is arrangedto-prbduce' the effect of a sash 1 dob arid ends at the' top, and falls almost to the edge of the skirt. '? The basque hp sharply pointed in front,'! arches over the hips and theyrfoxms a rather lpng:plaitedV, postilion in the back.' : The batt/ina ar*- small and are quite close , together, but are neither so small nor so numerous as to require . a shoe-buttoner to fasten them. Above the high velvet col hir is 1 a plaiting of Bilk mull, and a similar plating is at the wrists. The gloves are of brown Suede and are heavily stitched .on- the : back. The hat ia of velvet, and has a puffed crown and narrow : brim, a bunch of olive feathers and an aigrette of pliye;formin™: its decoration. ! r ' , ? ??V:^m^%i^'Xr:'^;. Tea-gowns made of pretty but inexpensive silk, and; jtrtmme;l. with lace and ribbon, are now very eenerally worn, women iwho , find thp'm becoming wearing them, when at home; on quiet evenings, with skirts that have outlived their bodices'. These; skirts always seem the ghosts of costumes when their bpdices.are thought of, and as many times they are' quite worthy /of ''home., wear, even though outdoor use be forbidden them, it is'welh to-: know of something that will help to make them of some turther service. The tea-gowns are sufficiently long to cover most or their sins, and if care be taken in arranging the jabots. and the. masses of ribbon, my lady mny look; a veritable picture of well- :'? dressed femininity, and make even those who appreciate iier. knowledge ot the economies of gowning wonder out of whnt this; toilette has been achieved. In true economy the result will not : hint of the means. The looker-on will be conscious only of the: dainty air that is a prominent characteristic of a be-ribbpned, be- ; laced tea-gown. Black silk, with bright flowers or figures up/m: it— sillc, indeed, that looks like the 'Dolly Vurilen' costume—; is especially fancied for these gowns, and the arrangement ot ihe.v black lace.nnd bright-hued ribbons upon them is a worlc pf.art, French lace is the fancy in bluck, as it ia of sufficiently light tex ture to be easily and prettily disposed. The average woman - looks well in this demi-toilette, and assumes for the time a half-; helpless, half-coquettish air that;i3 truly delightful: . v v: ? 