ASGUCAN CHURCH- &YNOLV;* AOTTOAUSB3SI0K-i The annual aeestoa e* 4&e; Anglican Church Synod waa opened at St Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday morning, 'May 1, when the com munion wad oekbrated. ._, There waa a lance ?steouairoe 01 ctergy ana xaity. ADDHKS3 BY-DKAJHSABBYAT. Dean .MABaYAT, in. thp ^tyy^n^ of .Bishop Kennitt^/delwared' the |o)towiB£ charge : - My Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the laity— I propose- bringing before your attention in a very alight aketoh a subject upon- which maos yeata ago? I ' commenced making notes^ ^*lrat vwhich^ Tirwure of parochial duties forced me to lay aside. It ia one, however, thatr^nas 'been constantly before my mind, aa practically many of the principles discussed m Synod, especially in the earta days of its existence, formed part of St. The subject I named ' Constitutional Epucopacy,' or more stridfly the' internal Constitution of the CfanroJu'- It is one that I . do hot think baa been sufficiently considered, for t&oagh; there are plenty or -work* °cn*1 gpiaoopacy, yet thq* confinnrersiea jhaye. tamed on its .. apostolic origin and universal existence a* : -opposed fo'non-* Episcopal bodieflv-rather than on ita internal relation to the clergy or Church at large. It is I believe ainartter which wiff hire to' be thoroughly sifted : Deface* m can' attain to that unity of action which' we see in. the antocracy of the Roman Church, and in the democratic constitutions of many Protestant ripnrvmiT«^rinTia; The early colonial Bishops were appointed under letters patent, isausd by the Urown, '-which professed to confer certain powers, some of which- were on the face of them abgolutely groundleas, e.g., they declared Trinity Charon ia Ade laide the Cathedral Church of the Diocese. ' The Orown had no power what ever, oter Trinity Church or its trustees. Possibly letters patent may have been useful for a One, but there can be no doubt that they brought with them manyevila. They served to raise questions both within and without the Church, from which no good' could arise. They tended to put the power of the Crown over that of the Church, and to assert an authority which could not be enforced. They also suggested that the Bishop held a quasi-State position, which not only led to questions of social pre cedence, bat caused .the Bishops them eelvas to draw precedents, and to claim powers belonging to an established Church rather than to (heir office. It was one of the advantages of the trials in which the Bishop of Cape Town was engaged, and in which he was defeated, that the ad Terse verdicts opened the way for the forma tion of a constitutional form of Church government. The decision in the case of the Bishop of Cape Town v. Long forma to my mind the MagnaChartaof the colonial clergy. So far as I remember, it laid down the prin ciple that the ruleB of the Church to which obedience could be enforced were set forth in the Prayer-book as well as in the trust-deeds of the various Churches. Outside those rules obedience to the Bishop could not be enforced under penalty. I do not know whether the date oi that trial tallies with that of our model trust-deed, but the lesson was clear, that to enforce episcopal authority cr the decision of a Church Court, the terms must be set forth in some deed or agreement which can be bronght into Court In some points that decision gave special form to the declaration subscribed by the incumbents of this diocese before induction. In the same way the judgment of Lorda Westbury and RomilJy cleared the way for — as they showed the necessity of — provincial or general Synods with constitutions. It is sometimes asked— Do we form part of the Church of England ? And the question thereby started is one on which both sides can argue ad injiniium. As far as the name is concerned that ia settled for the present at least by an incorporation 'as the Synod of the Church of England in the Diooese of Adelaide.' The time may come when we shall have cause to alter the title, and we may have to go to Parliament to obtain a private Act, transferring the property now held by the Church under its present title to the new one which may be adopted. Bat this is only part, a small part, of the ques tion. The main point of interest is what is involved in. this title 'Part of the Church of England.' Possibly nothing bat a Court of Law can decide many points which may be raised, but so far as we are concerned we have defined the limits oi oar connection by the words of our Declaration, ' The Diocess of Adelaide doth maintain the Doctrine and SacramentB oi Christ as the Lord hath commanded, and as the said Chuich oi England doth receive the same, together with the Book: of Common Prayer and of ordering of bishops, priests; sod deacons.9 Of course even with, this limita tion there is plenty oi scope for argument as to how far we are bound by the ecclesiastical laws of England sod by the canons. Some of these are f»Ttt*fo»»Hy -HuHHig, as expressing the practice of the universal Church, and 4-y universal adoption in the several dioceses, e.?., the article to the 38th: canon, respecting subscriptions. Again, whether we are a* bberty to alter the Prayer-book in any way* although we might ., still maintain, tae doctrine and sacraments of the Church. When the question is raised the late Act of Uniformity Amendment Act suggests a mode by which, without actually- touching the Prayer-book, we may secure more elasticity if required. Thispoint, however, has not yet been raised. What 1 would point oat. is this— that now that letters, patent are no longer in existence, the Chorea? has full power of acticn beyond those- -limits which she has placed upon herself, and that there ia no power but that which comes of and from the Church. I speak especially of what con cerns the Diocese. I do not forget that we are troubled in some points by the General Synod; otherwise the relations of bishop, elergy, and laity. Their several rights and privileges are deiined and laid down either in the Prayer-book, or m the 'Fundamental Provisions and Regulations of Synod,' or in some cases certain trust-deeds. Possibly in some points there is an unwritten law which is universally accepted, and of which we are hudry conscious ; but of this there is no need to speak. It is well that our actual position should be clearly understood. We are now entirely free from letters patent, and all the present Bishops hold office urder the consti tution of their respective Churches. ' Other men have laboured, and they — the present Bitaopa — have entered into their labours.' But do they all realize their actual position ! Chosen and consecrated for the most part if not entirely in England, they are apt to draw this idea of Episcopacy from the Established Lhurcb, with its bishops as peers of the realm, its recognised position as the Church of the State, and its large endowments, over which however, the Church as a body has no control. And this they are likely to do far more than their predecessors — the founders of our present constitution and Synods. In 1S47, when the late Bishop Short was con secrated with the Bishops of Melbourne, Newcastle, and Cape Town, a great deal of attention had been paid to Church govern ment and discipline. During the excitement of the Txactarian movement the want of it as well as of organic life in the Established Church had caused ia part many clergymen to go over to Some. Many were looking for some more ideal Church, and their eyes were turned to the Church in the colonies. Of late years the controversies -m -England have turned upon details of ritual, while Church life and energy has««rted iteelf in parochial organi zation. But a Kocesa ia not a parish, and must be regulated on different prin ciples. Again, ideas drawn from the Estab lished Church are apt to be vary misleading m many respects. The Bishops at home are far more Lound by State lawB and prece dents than colonial Bishops can be, while in other respects f&ey; maybe more autocratic Since Convocation was Btknesd in 1717, the Bishops sitting, aa they do, in the House of Lords, naturally, became the only representa tives and ^mouthpiece «f the Chaceh. And -as in a Hying. body some one most speak and act, they have had to assume powers which belonged more to the Church than their own .special office. Again, very little study will too w how ecclesiastical law in England is in a state of confusion. As I have Bud, Convo cation was silenced since 1717 until a few years ago. from that date fid the Savoy Conference it was occupied- more with the divine right of kings than principles, of -Church govern ment. I'rom ine time of the Seformationl It bad compiled the Prayer-bopk, drawn uo the Thirty-nme Articles and Canons, .ana set forth the authorised version of Holy Scrip tare ; bat neither under the Tudota nor under . the Stuarts had questions, of- Church govern- , ment been practically handled^ ' There .had ' been discussions oh' the subject at the Hamp ttn Court and. at the, Savoy Con ferences, but .no ' decisiona, had .been arrived aJL Matters remained. ia the some-., what abnormal state m which, they were left at the, time of our breach- with the Papacy, when part of the power 'claimed by tfcw Pope was placed in the narids of 'the Crown, part in those oi the Archbishop- o£ Canterbury.' Previous to tH» Reformation the practice if nokthe-law.oi Church govern ment waacosstaneDy chahged_aa-4ae Crown. the Papacy, or tie ChurctLitself -gained, toe opper hand. ',1^--!hjtt(^:vof''ihe^](%uicA-k from the time of the Conquest to: a -great r extent con«i8ta«af^tte^£trugs3a,'littjpower between the Crowu, the Papacy, and the Church. -, -?W»' trace* the same k irrd '' '- of -1* straggler -jit* JQ& 'A%rfe»-8*xoir- period, wfleir thfl'Papacy'wa* devetop&Wfti; full assumptions. But ran tafore the rise of tha Papacy; Church government' wag not a* free as it ehoifld- be JuoderJ thfcirrunenoe^jF (.onttantice and. nit ^niseejtaw. ;We tout go* in England qaeatiooa of Church government' are 4egid^d-t-r~j»re--ed«ta*-rMh^4^ j)da« r oiple. In the oxtfonial CJwcfcj«e^ J»ptad toga back to-fioil princlnlejBand traoasorlafr ai»wefea^thoeewin(3pi«»wiuoh.und««lie?the laws oi-?pjlanacba| -whiob^ftBrin^iho ess* Dftheewfl^rf^tre-inrthe^eleotidn of Bishop, may nosri.be^-oo morsr th*a a? shadow. We,.:ecme: then to this point, that all the power* which the Grown? thought proper to . txinler through; letters patent on the Bishops muit now Some from. ihe, Church. There are. Df course-certampowers iuoBrent iathe-offiae Df. Bishop or. embodied; ia: the Prayfirbook whicb,^Qiurcli.«»nnQt touch, c There' are. Dthexa witiLwhieb, tbfttieaeral and Provincial: Bjaod -wayitatra io-deal* bat: in all other jpointBH ife. ia: for,-the-.^hurch to act. In a Re3teral-'SOTTre-ntt«taaa;CfauTch follow tile; wiftlogy^affprdedjby- the colony an dsr its eon StitataQiW j fieitce w|oany rthioga which the lata.3 Bisboig did: and claimed to do under bisr^fctericpaptea^: aa- distinct from the Chutehi most now be done with the approval ol-Synodrt-also possibly many .other things. which bishops in England '.-. piactically do from precedent} -arising during the long aikneeof .Convocation. In thia Diocese many matters have bega settled by trdata— eg., the- .Cathedral, St. -Baraabaa Csllsge, the Deartand Chapter (Incorporated), which in other ooloiual Dioceaea have been deter mined by Synod. ^ SJome of. thesa trusts have beenj«rtiaHy;Teccgniaed by Synod,- but they form -no part; o|, ita constitution.. .Poi.ths future aU matters connected), with, the organization of the Church should be brought before: Synod, -unlesa already provided for. by Synodical regulations or truBt-deeda. In the Diocese of. .Melbourne Acts have been passed respecting the Cathedral establish ment, -consecration ' of r Churches, Archi diaoooal Gonncila. In my opinion the queB tion raised in last 'Synod respecting the Begistrar's. fees -appears to-be one in which the Church should nave a voice. In thia matter we may take a war nine from England, as well as from at least two colonial Dioceses. In England the visitation and Church Wardens' fees are still-a Bubjeot of dissontent and-, reaiatansei while: some charges are simply outEageousi ' When we were, dis cussing the question of theological degrees, and when it was7 suggested that application should be made: tot the : Archbishop' of of Canterbury to confer .degrees after examination, especially, in connection with the colonial Church, the objection raised was the high fees. The fees for the degree of BD. conferred caiud honoris is or was £70. We have already- acted upon the principle that any Act of the Rngnah Parliament or of Convocation: affecting the Church to be of force in this Diocese should be accepted by the Synod. But the principle which I am advocating. should extend to all new prayers 01 services additional to those of the Prayer book if they are of a permanent character. Our Prayer-book was the work of both HoueeB of Convocation. So should it be with new services. It should not be in the power of any one man— even a Bishop— to Bet forth prayers which are not acceptable to the mass of the clergy. Of one Australian Bishop it waa said that he was notoriously deficient in the gift of music and poetry. Of others it ib known that they have no sense of rhythm or litnrgical sequence and harmony. In one order of service for the opening of Synod in a neighbouring Diocese there ia much beauty of expression and thought, but in some points the want of rhythm jars on the ear like a false note of music Under thia head will come the question of innovations and charges in the services of the Piayer-bcok, which have no authority from the Church or from the Prayer-book. Of late years some Bishops at home and in the colonies have introduced some changes of this kind. To my mind the reanlt can only be anarchy, for no Bishop who violates rubrics by addition or omission can sit in judgment on a clergyman, who in like manner tets his own private judgment against the rule of the Church. I remember that in the early days oi Synod the late Bishop used sometimes to- say that it would be his fate to Bee the last of Episcopacy. Practically I doubt whether he gave up a single principle. Still, possibly, he had good cause for anxiety. The experiment of Church jr« remment with the voluntary principle v. ^ rew to the great' mass of Churchmen. Popu.ar views of the Church were -also most vague. But now fears of that kind have passed away.' Full confidence may-be shown in clergy and laity, and the greater confidence* shown cannot fail to produce greater unity of sentiment. and of action. The late Prince Consort said during the Crimean War that constitutional government was on its trial. So far we hare done fairly well in meeting our peculiar circumstances; good foundations have been- laid. But much remains to: be done to set in order the things that are wanting, and to give full life- and vigour to our- Church organization. It still remainB to be Been whether the claims oi faith and of eEquiry, oi unity and of truth, of authority and of liberty, of. things ancient and modern, which exist in our Church-: almost alone, certainly more than in any other, can be reconciled for the good, and strength of. the whole. Properly directed and united they cannot fail to- be. a source of absolute strength. Not firmly united they must become a source, of weakness, as antago nistio one to the other. If we accept the Ignatian principle— without your Bishop, do nothing— we are no leea .mindful of that taught by -our late Bishop, and drawn from Cyprian's practice for. .the Bishop to do nothing without bis clergy. Two prin dplea are wanted ta do justice to. a position— L A bold policy suitable to and growing out of our colonial circumstances ; and 2. United action on the part of Bishop, clergy, and laity. We shall never attain our true power bo long as the Bichop, clergy, and laity shrink from assuming their proper responsibility, so long as there is a tendencv in Diocesan S3 nods not to face their own difficulties, but to shift them on to the shoulders of the Geneial Synod, while the General Synod passes them on to Iambeth, while Lim beth can only speak with bated breath, bound as Lambeth is to the State. Take the question of Churah union. Our late Bishop thought that it could be better discussed in the colonies. So far as he was concerned the discussion did nothing to promote the object which be had in view ; but his judg ment was right in thia— that added to the difficulties which beset the question in all lands in England is added that of the Established Church. What the Churches of Australia, whether separated in Dioc3sea or united in the General Synod, now want is a clear definite knowledge of their powers and privileges and boldness to make full use of them. The Australian Church must advance, and cannot be con tent to be wagged as the tail of the Estab lished Church. We have wants andrequire me&ts; which no State Church can supply. JNor in providing for our local wants need we with our limitations jeopardize or even weaken in the least degree onr connection with the old well-beloved mother Church, the Church of England. It sometimes appears to me as if some had a drea-l of the living Church. They speak as if the Holy Ghost were no longer given to the Church as a body, as if the Church of the present day cannot be trusted. Alas for us if we live in a time when _ we cannot expect or depend upon guidance from above, and when truth is supposed to lie alone in the long past. It ia not thus that the Lord spoke when He declared that against His Church, founded on the rock, the gates of Hell Bhould never prevail, or when Hb promised that the Holy Ghost should abide with His Church for ever. Away then with such fears. Let our prayers and efforts be to realize to the full our duties, privileges, blessings as a body composed of living members, acting under one head, moved and inspired by one Bpirit, all working together for the good of the whole —for the promotion of the glory of God and the good of mankind, A uity that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Lee us act worthily in pur position, and show our strength in united action. Happy is the Church, happy is the Bishop, happy the clergy, happy the laity who with a lively faith in God have perfect confidence one in the other,' for with perfect confidence there must follow, under Christ, that union, which, whether' in Church or in State, is and must be a tower of strength. 