DEAD MAN'S ROCK: A ROMANCE ; BY Q. [Published bv special arrangement with Messrs Casseil & Co. AH rights reserved.] EOOK II-THE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY, CUAPTF.K XI. AND IiAKT. TKI.LS HOW AT T.ASX I FOUSD MY REVENUE AND THE GKEAT Runv. "Speak-speak to me! Oh, look up and tell me you are not dead !" Down through the misty defiles and dark gate3 of the Yalley of the Shadow of Death came these words faintly, as though spoken far away. So distant did they stem that my eyes opened with vague ex pectation of another world ; opened and then wearily closed again. For at first they stared Into a heaven of dull grey, with but a shadow between them and colorless space. Then they opened once more, and the shadow caught their attention. What was it ? Who was I, and hew came I to be ,staring upwards so ? I 'et the problem be and fell back into the easeful lap of unconsciousness. Tlien the voice spoke again. " He is living yet." it said. "Oh, if he would but speak !" This time I saw more distinctly. Two eyes were looking into mine-a woman'3 ejes. Where had I seen that face before? Surely I had known it once, in some other world. Then somehow over my weary mind stole the knowledge that this was Mrs. Luttrell-or was it Claire ? No, Claire was dead. " Claire-dead," I seemed to repeat to myself ; but how dead or where I could not recall. " Claire -dead then this must be her mother, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was lying here with Claire's mother bending over me. How came we so ? What had happened, that-and once more the shadow of ob livion swept down and enfolded me. She was still there, kneeling beside me, chafing my hands and every now and then speaking words of tender solicitude. How white her hair was. It used not to be so white as this. And where was I lying ? In a boat ? How my head was aching ! Then remembrance came back. Strange to tell, it began with Claire's death in the theatre, and thence led downwards In broken and interrupted train until Col liver's face suddenly started up before ms and I knew all. X raised myself on my elbow. My brain was throbbing intolerably, and every pul sation seemed to shoot fira into my temples. Also, other bands of fire were clasped about my arms and wrists. So acutely did they burn that I fell bick with a low moan and looked helplessly at Mrs. Luttrell, Although it had been snowing her bonnet was thrust back from her face and hung by its ribbons, which were.tied be neath her chin. The breeze was playing with her disordered hair-hair now white as the snow flakes upon it, though grey when last I had seen it-but it brought no color to her face. As she bent over me to place her shawl beneath my head, I saw that her blue eyes were strangely bright and prominent. " Thank God, you are alive. Does the bandage pain you ? Can you move ?" 1 feebly put my hand up and felt a hand kerchief bound round my head. "I was afraid-oh, so afraid-that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I got down into your boat-in time ar.d without his seeing me. I know what he would do-I was listening behind the partition all the time ; bub I wa3 afraid he would kill you first " " Then-yon heard?" " I hpard all. Oh, if I were only a man \- but can you stand ? Are you better new? 7 or we must lose no time." 1 weakly scared at her in answer. " Don't you see ? Jf you can stand and w: Ik, as I pray you can, there is no time to be lost/ Morning is already break irg, and by thia evening you mu3t catch him." "Catch him?" " Yss, yes. He has gone-gone to catch the first train for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Rock to-night. Quick ! see if you cannot rise." I sat up. The water had dripped from me, formirg a great pool at our end of the boat. Jn it she was kneeling, and beside her lay a heavy knife and the cords with which Sitncn Colliver hid bound me. " Yes," I said, "I will follow. When does the first train leave Paddington ?" " At a quarter past 9," she answered, "and it is now about half past 5. You have time to catch it; bub must disguise yourself first. He will travel by it; there is no train before. Come, let me row you ashore." With this she untied the painter, got out the sculls, sat down upon the thwart opposite, and began to pull desperately for shore. I wondered at her strength, and skill with the oar. "Ah," she said, "I see at what you are wondering. Remember that I was a sailor's wife once, and without strength how ahould I have dragged you on board this brat ?" "How did you manage it ?" "I cannot tell. I only know that I heard a splash as I waited under the bows there, and then began with my hands to fend the boat around the schooner for dear life. I had to be very silent. At first I could se9 nothing, for it wa3 dark towards the shore ; but I cried to heaven to spare you for vengeance on that man, and then I saw something black lying across the warp, and knew it wa3 you. I gave a strong push, then rushed to the bows and caught you by the hair. I got you round by the stern as gently a3 I coaid, and then pulled you on board somehow-I cannot remember exactly how I did it." " Did he see you ?"' "No, for he must have gone below directly. I rowed under the shadow of the lighter to which we were tied jii3t now, and as I did so, thought I heard him callir-g me by name. He must have for gotten me, and then suddenly remeoabered that as yet I had notgiven him the money. However, presently I heard him getting Into his boat and rowing ashore. He came quite close to us-so close that I could hear him cursing, and crouched down in the shadow for fear of my life.. Bat he passed on, and got out at the step3 yonder. It was snowing at the time and that helped me." She pulled a stroke or two in silence, ai d then continued " When you were in the cabin together I wa3 listening. At one point I think [ must have fainted ; butitcinnobliave been for lor-g, for when I came to myself you 1 were 8* ill talking about-aboab John I Rail ton " I 1 remembered the sound which I had heaid, and almost in spite of myself asked, ' "You heard about " ! "Claire? Yes; I heard " She nodded simply ; but her eyes sought mine, and in them was a gleam that made me start. j Just then the boat touched at a moul- ; dcring flight of stairs, crusted with green , ocze to high water mark, and covered ' now with snow. She made fast the boat. ; " This was the way he went," she ; muttered. "Track him-track him to . hia death ; spare him no single pang to ! make that death miserable !" Her low voice positively trembled with concen trated hate. "Stay," she said, "have you money ?" I suddenly remembered that I had given all the money on me to Bagnell for getting out my boat, and told her so. At the same moment, too, I thought upon the tin box still lying under the boat's stern. I stepped aft and pulled it out. "Here is money," she said ; "money that I was to have given him. Fifty pounds it is, in notes-take it all." '4 But you ?" I hesitated. " Never mind me " Take It-take it all. What do I want with money if only you kill him ?" I bent and kissed lier hand. "As heaven is my witness," I said, "it [ shall be his life or mine. The HOUI of ona of us shall never see to-morrow." Her hand was as cold as ice, and her pale face never changed. " Kill him !" she said simply. I turned and climbed the steps. B7 this time day had broken, and the east was streaked with angry flashes of crimson. The wind swept through my dripping clothes and froze my aching limbs to the marrow. Up the river came floating a heavy pall of fog, out of which the masts showed like grisly skeletons. The snowstorm had not quite ceased, and a Btray flake or two came brushing acro33 my face. So dawned my Christmas Eve ! As 1 gained the top, I turned to look down. She was still standing there, watch ing me. Seeing me look, she waved her arms, and I heard her hoarse whisper, " Kill him ! Kill him ! Kill him !" I left her standing so, and turned away; but in the many ghosts that haunt my solitary days, not the least vivid is the phantom of this white haired woman on the black and silent river, eternally beckoning, " Kill him !" 1 found myself in a yard strewn with timber, spar3 and refa3e, half hidden beneath the snow. From It a flight of rickety stone steps led to a rotting door, and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, pondering on my next step. Not a soul was abroad so early ; but I must quickly get a change of clothes somewhere ; at present I stood in my torn dress trousers and soaked shirt I passed up the street, my shoeless feet making the first prints in the newly- fallen snow. The first! No ; for when I looked more closely I saw other footprints, al ready half obliterated, leading up the strett. These must be Simon Colliver's. I followed them for about a hundred yards past the shuttered windows. Suddenly they turned into a shop door, and then seemed to leave it again. The shop was closed, and above it hung three brass balls, each covered now with a snowy cap. Above the blinds were drawn down, but on looking again I saw a chink of light between the shutters. I knocked. After a short pause the door was opened. A red-eyed villainous face peered out, and seeing me grew blank with wonder. " What do you want ?" enquired at length the voice belonging to it. 44 To buy a fresh suit of clothes. See, I have fallen into the river." Muttering something beneath his breath, the pawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the shop. (To be continued.) 