FICTION. \--- 0 --- From English, american and other Periodicals. FAITHFUL TO THE END. CHAPTER XXXVI. GUILTY OR NOT GUILTY ? "Sparkles the dew. and shlnei the river, Glitters the tear in the lily's belt For two are walking apart lorever, And wuvc tlnl bands In a mute farewell." There were many in that group who knew that Rutledge Chester and the handsome captain had been bitter rivals for Verlie Sefton's lovo. They knew, too, of the reckleii threat of vengoance the captain had uttered. They heard the fatal vow that had burst so thoughtlessly from his lips in a moment of madness-that he would wrest her from his rival at the very altar. The horror-stricken throng gazed at each other with expressive glances and low whispered words. "My friends-you, Rutledge-can you believe this was my work ?" asked the young captain, aghast. " I swear to you I am innocent. I own that, up to to-night, I had bitter feelings against you ¡ but on this, your wedding night, I name to toll you to pardon my hasty words and my ill-feeling and to beg for the friendship that, a fortnight since, I scornfully rejected. Do you believe me ?" Rutledge Chester was too shocked to find words in which to answer bim. And those gathered around the wounded man to bear him up to the light-house, turned their faces from him with darkening brows in which ho read his answer. Suddenly, through the shocked group, a little slender fleur« hiirnti-a llfflo elim finmrn in wliif^. .......V.V.. ..ö«lo uuiou-a iiuui« »nui iiguru 1U vvmu) eurah silk, and dark, curling hair. It was poor Neddy. ' "Though the world should believe you guilty and turn from you, I should still believe in your inno- cence, Captain Lansing," she cried out, falteringly. I know you have not done this awful deed. Why don't somebody search the grounds ?" Among all of Captain Lansing's friends-many of whom had known him from his boyhood up only this one young girl stood by him, believing him guiltless. He was a brave soldier and a haughty man, but tears came to his eyes-tears of emotion and gratitude >-s he looked down upon har. " Thank you for your faith in me. Miss Temple," lie said, brokenly, bending his hoad over the little, extended fluttering white hand, and clasping it closely. " Your words have given me courag* to face this terrible accusation and prove my innocence. I shall never rest under such a cloud darkening my fair name and fame. I shall find out who did this deed committed to-night, if it costs every cent of my fortune." A sturdy official-one of Mark Sefton's old friends who had been invited to the wedding as one of the guests, never dreaming a sterner duty would be required of him-here stepped forward. .* It is my painful duty to arrest you on suspicion, Mr.-Mr.-" "Lansing," supplemented the captain, bowing gravely. "I submit, sir," he answered, proudly. " I shall not interfere in the performance of your duty." And amidst Neddy's hysterical weeping and tho murmur of his old friends-who had turnea against him in his hour of need-the poor captain was led away. And while this confusion was going on in the grounds, a pitiful scene was being enacted in the bride-elect's chamber. A dark figure had glided in through the open doorway of the light-house, swiftly ascending the spiral stairway, pausing breathlessly before the door of Verlie'a room, push- ing it open with unsteadj, trembling hands. "Is it you, Neddy ?" exclaimed Verlie, turning suddenly around. " What in the world is happen- ing out there in the grounds ? Yon promised to " come back instantly and let me know." As she spoke, she lifted her blue eyes, beholding, not gay, laughing N«ddy, but a Blim figure, dressed in a dark traveUing dress, bedraggled with dew and seaweed, her face heavily shrouded by a thick, black veil. " Who are you, my good girl, and what do you ?want here?" exclaimed Verlie, in astonishment, but not unkindly. ,"Oh, Verlie, Verlie, don't you know me?" .exclaimed a tramulous voice, that seemed to como from the confines of the tomb. " That voice !" Verlie took a step forward, trembling with terror, and, throwing off her veil, with a bitter, piteous .cry, Uldene staggered forward and flung hersolf at Verlie's feet. What happened in the pitiful moments that followed only Heavon and the listening angels will bear witness. When the bridesmaids came kack, all in a flutter, some twenty minutes later, they j found Verlie Sefton lying in her bridal robes, «ruite alone, and in a dead faint upon the velvet carpet " Ah, who has been so cruel as to toll her of the dastardly attempt upon Rutledge'a life !" they «xclaimed. " No wonder she had swooned at the horrible shock." As the hours rolled on Verlie grew rapidly worse, and tha doctor in attendance soon gave out that there would be no wedding there that night. "I said that it was an evil omen a tryin' on of her weddin' gown," muttered the old housekeeper, as Neddy, pale and trembling, prssed by her ; but Neddy was too troubled to answer her. We will pass lightly over the scenes that followed dear reader, during the long weeks that Verlie Sefton lay sick unto death, oblivious to all that \- was transpiring around her. Those horrible weeks, an honorable man-who waa innocent as a babe of the crime of which he was accused-spent in a prison cell. There was a horrible chain of circumstantial evidence around the poor captain that would drag him down to his doom. Fate itself seemed to hare tightened its merciless web about him. The tide of popular opinion and feeling was against him. He knew that he was not the first mau who had been a martyr to circumstantial evidence, he told himself, bitterly. He waa a Lansing, and the Lansing« were all brave men ; be would not be the ,firrt of race who had been called on to face a trying Ndeai I The fact which enraged public feeling was, if I the fatal Bteel had not glanced off from the gold pencil the victim happened to have in his veBt pocket, it would have passod through his heart. Even the captain's attorneys, when alone in con- sultation, shook their heads. " We are afraid, in Bpite of all the efforts we can put forth, the verdict will be a term of years in prison," they agreed, sorrowfully. In those bitter days little Neddy proved his firm and steadfast friend. In his darkest hours she would try to cheer him, declaring, hopefully : " It would be sure to come out all right soon, and that every cloud had its silver lining." Poor Neddy ! How bravely she tried to inspire him with hope, even up to the last. If ho had noticed closely, he might have known by her swollen eyes that she spent most of her time in hope- less, passionate tears. There was but one person who could have saved him, who listened attentively to all that was said of the pitiful case, in the little adjacent village to which she had fled, easily concealing her identity behind a widow's cap and blue glasses, and that was Uldcno herself. One word from her would prove him guiltless of the terrible charge, but in doing thia she would be obliged to roTeal her own identity, and from this Uldene shrank in pitiful terror. She waa dead to Rutledge and the world ; she must never reveal herself ; even Verlie, who had heard her terrible story, had agreed-for'Rutledge's sake-it must be so. She waa the only person who could point «ut the true would-be assassin, and clear this yonng cap- tain's name and fame. Should she do it, and suffer the consequence that would inevitably follow or not ? Long and earnestly Uldene pondered over the thought. If she sqt the officers of the law upon the daring stranger's track, and they should hunt him down, ho would take a horrible vengeance I upon her by blazoning her history and her story to the scandal-loving world. And yet, because of this fatal power he held over her, should she let an innocent man suffer ? Uldene was sorely perplexed. She waa so young so friendless, with no one to advise-no one to reason with her-it is not to be wondered that sho hesitated so pitifully. The days and weeks flew by, bringing at lost the fatal day of Captain Lansing's trial. The court room was crowded to its utmost capacity. Every one pitied tha handsome, young prisoner in tue box ; yee, in tne tace or. tne net-worn of circumstantial evidence around him, who could believe him guiltless ? The captain and Rutledge Chester had been bitter rivals for a fair lady's love. Rutledge's wooing had met with success-the captain's with ignominious defeat, and ho had sworn a terrible oath of vengeance upon his more fortunate rival, vowing that the lady fair should never be his bride for he would snatch her from him at the very altar. As the fatal testimony of one after another was given, brave as the captain was, cold dew stood out on his brow and trickled down on his clenched hands. His lips were set in a straight tense line that betokened the keenest agony, and tears that were no disgrace to his manhood sprang to his eyes. A prison cell for a long term of years stared him in the face. Better death than that. He realised, with his quick intuition, when he saw the faces of the jury turned away from him, as they filed slowly hack to their seats, what the verdict would be. He waa innocent ; yet on circumstantial evidence he would be convicted. "Gentlemen," said the judge, solemnly address- ing the jury, " have you found a verdict ?" The foreman rose slowly to his feet, facing the judge. There was a great hush in the vast as- semblage. Every one bent breathlessly forward to hear what followed. Every one anticipated what his answer must be. " Your honor," answered the foreman, sorrowfully yet with terrible distinctness, " we, the jury, find the prisoner gui-" The terrible word waa never finished. A slender figure, heavily veiled, rose up from among tho crowd with a piercing cry, and gasped out : " Hold, your honor ! I have something to say !" and as ahe spoke, Uldene-for it wsb she-flung the veil back from her face, and faced che. horror stricken throng. CHAPTER XXXVII. " I THBSW THE LETTES IN THB FIRE." The most intense excitement prevailed through- out the crowded room as Uldene, pale as death, drew back the folds of her veil and stood revealed before them. Rutledge Chester rose to his feet with an awful cry. "Ami mod,or dreaming!" he cried, hoarsely. "Has the grave given back its dead? Do I see Uldene before me ?" "Hold, your Honor, and gentlemen of the jury. Do not pass sentence upon the prisoner until you have heard what I have to say. I bow the fatal blow struck. Yes, I witnessed the cowardly assault, and I say Captain Lansing is guiltless. The would-be assassin is at this moment in this I room. I reconiee him ? I A thunderbolt falling from a clear sky could not j have produced a more profound sensation than j these words : and, to add to the excitement, a tall j stranger lounging near the door, with his slouch hat j pulled low over his face, made a desperate leap for j the open door; but ere he reached it Uldene hud cried out desperately : " That is the man ! Stop him ! Hold him !" Strong hands fell upon his arm, and in a single inBtant the man found himself completely hedged in. He turned his dark, haughty, defiant face toward the court, who was rapping all in vain for order. , So great was Rutledge Chester's amazement, he had sunk back upon his seat, literally speechless. He tried to cry out, but the words died on his Ups. He tried to rise, to cross over te where this being stood, to see if it were really a creature of flesh and blood-this beautiful vision who stood before him with the face and the voice of hi» lost Uldene All the thrilling, exciting scene transpiring around him seemed like a confused dream-a trance-to him-he was so terribly shocked, so incapable of action. " You dare accuse me-you ?" cried tho stronger, fiercely, turning towards Uldene, and facing her with foam-flecked lips. " Yes, I dare accuse you. I can tell my story, and then I can die. It will not matter much after that," murmured Uldene, faintly, clutching her little, fluttering white hand over her heart. Again there was a call for order, and when silence reigned amid the breathless throng, the judge bade Uldene proceed. " I must tell my story in my own way," ahe mur- mured ; and this permission granted, catching her breath with » piteous 6ob, ahe «renton slowly and j aobbingly. ' ' { " I have the strangest and bitterest story to tell that ever fell from human lips," she sobbed ¡ " and if it had not been to save the prisoner from an unmerited fate, I would have died a thousand deaths rather than have revealed that I, the lost daughter of an accursed race, and the miserable bride of Rutledge Chester, whom he believed to bo doid, still lived." There was a murmur of surprise in the vast i court-room, but Uldene held up her white hand warningly. , "Hear me out while I have the strength to speak," she said. " It is not a long story, and it is , as bitter as it is short. " There are those among you who have known 5 me from childhood up, and the first part of my 1 story will not be new to you. I can only say that r for long years I believed myself to be the child of Mark and Nella Sefton, and believed fair-haired Verlie to bo my sister. I might have had a happy enough life of it if I had never ventured beyond the confines of tho narrow strip of island on which Black-Tor Light-house stands. " I longed for change of scene, for gayety and pleasure, as all young girls do ; and honest Mark consented that Verlie and I should spend the com- ing holidays with an old friend'B family, who spent part of their winters in Washington, dividing their time between there and their beautiful villa in Boston. " In granting my prayer-with which I often petitioned him-to see the world, honest Mark cursed me with my heart's desire. , "Even now his parting words rang in my ears: 'You shall seo the gay world beyond ; but, I warn you, give no thought to love or marriage, child. They are not for you. There íb no lover on the book of fate for you. Remember, Uldene, I warn you.' I laughed gayly as I turned from him ; then, when I was quite alone, tears of vexation filled my eyes. Why should fate have decreed that I should have no lover ? I asked myself, with pouting lips. Other girls less fair had lovers, and life seemed all sweot enough for them. Every girl that has a spark of human nature in her breast has her own dream of a lover who is to come to her and woo her in tha blissful, golden future. My dreams were quita ob rosy as other girls', and I had my ideal hero. " How often I had smiled, and sung the words over to myself : * Every heart finds Ils own true mate Some time in life ; for this is tate. " Verlie and I should never have been permitted to visit at the home of Senator Chester if honest Mark had not believed that the son was travelling abroad in Europe, and through that error the whole course of my life waa changed. "When I met Rutledge Chester I said to myself I had met the hero of my dreame. " I hope I may not weary your honor with this preface," faltered Uldene, " but on this slender tangled thread hangs the weighty evidence which in the end will clear the innocent prisoner, and cast the mau you are holding yonder into his place." " But ere Bhe reaches that point she will havo spoken her own doom Í" cried the stranger with mocking defiance. Uldene bowed her hapless head until the angry tumult which the man's words had evoked bad died down and silence was again restored. *' Let me be brief," Uldene went on, speaking with difficulty, as though the worde pained her, and never taking her great dark eyes from the face of the stern judge. " Soon after I became engaged secretly to Rut- ledge Cheater. I was on the point of writing this home to honest Mark Sefton when I made a start- ling discovery, which was written in a letter from the Seftons to Rutledge's mother, and which by accident I came across. " In it Mark Sefton warned the lady to nip in the bud any flirtation which I-being of a very romantio turn of mind-might fall into if a young and handsome man should cross my path. She must never love, for she must never marry ; so ran the letter. And I full of curiosity, read these linee, which had never been intended for my eyes, care- fully to the end. It was a history of my life, that read like a tragic romance. It waa then I mads the discovery that I was not Mark Sefton's child-but a waif clasped close in my dying mother's arras-who had boen saved from a wrecked steamer, which was drifting toward tho light-house one terribly stormy night. My young mother did not live long enough to tell who we wars, or from whence we came. She cried out to Nella Sefton to take her hapless child-for she was dying-and rear it as her own. ' This child must never love-for she must never marry,' sobbed my poor young mother, bitterly, ' for a curse most terrible hangs over her hapless head that will blast her life, mock her love, until death enda it all. Listen while I tell you what it ia. But first you must swear never to reveal it even to the child her Belf-it ia so full of awful horror.' Ere she could breathe the horrible secret she fell back dead, with the bitter secret untold. " ' Now you see,' ¡wrote Mark Sefton in conclusion ' why you must guard her, dear madam, more care- fully, while she ia under your roof than most girls.' " There the letter ended. I threw it in the Are, and as I watched the glowing coala I cried out to ' myself, 'Why should I care for those written ' words ? Why should I let them rob me of love and happiness?" I could not-no, I would notl I ' would bravo fate itself and marry Rutledge Chester, i "I waa on my guard now, and I resolved ^ Rutledgo's mother should never know I loved her ' son, lest she should warn him against me. " In his mother's absence, one day, Rutledge and I were married. Oh, fatal day ! Oh, bitter hoar ! In that hour I brought my own doom upon my head. I had dared fate-1 was to suffer ¡fin full ivoogeanoe. And ah ! God help me, the penalty wotse than death. But I must not deviate. When Rxtledge's mother returned and discovered that we had been suddenly married she threw up her hands with a wild cry, fell upon her face and never spoke again. The hrrible secret those lips might have told died with her. I knew what the blow was that killed her-oh ! I knew but too well. *' I hurried Rutledge away as soon as possible always in trembling, and guilty fear lest he should meet the Seftons and learn all, or at least enough to make him fear the future-with me. " I waa happy a few short months, so happy, earth seemed to be a heaven to me. I had its fairest, sweetest gift-lore. This joy was to sweet to last, even though I fancied myself seeure. There was not a day, not an hour, but what I cried out exultantly to my own heart, ' I have married my love, and still no ill has befallen me.' The horrible sword which hung over my head in the warning, 'This child must never love for she must,never marry,' had not fallen. , ? Í« I have often since cried out wildly and bitterly to Heaven : " Why could I not have died then, in my youth and my happiness ?' But I must not digress. I must be brief while you have the patience to listen to the bitter sorrow that followed murmured Uldene while tears lell like . min from the beautiful dark eyes and down the marble White cheeks. The bilence of death reigned throughout the densely packed room ; no Bound broke the breath lees silence save the quivering sob that broke from Uldene's white lips as she went on with her piteous story-ah, yes, surely the strangest, as she hod said, that ever fell from mortal lipa. CHAPTER XXXVIII. THE CUE8B. Rutledge Chester Bprang to Uldene's side, al- most overcome by intense emotion, but bIio waved him off. " Do not touch my hand until you have heard all," said ahe, piteously. " You mutt not ! I pray you let me continue while I have the strength. "Across the sunshine of my happiness a dark cloud drifted, bringing with it-my doom, All unawares, the cyclone burst above my head ; the volcano broke beneath my feet. " I was in a picture gallery one day, with tho young girl who sits beside the prisoner-Miss Temple will remember the occurence well-when suddenly I was aware-painfully, aware-of the fixed, burning gaze of a pair of black eyes bent upon me, and, gazing up, T beheld a stranger scrutinizing me closely, with a look that burned down to my very soule ; I could not tell why. " I hurried Neddy away from the gallery, but all tho way home the dark- bearded, evil face of the stranger haunted me. " One evening, two days later, while walking through the garden at the rear of the villa, I came suddenly face to face with the same stranger, within the grounds. " I would have cried out and turned and fled, but he held up his hand in a gesture of warning, calling cautiously, in a hoarse, awful voice : " ' On your life raise no outcry-no alarm ; I am no thief, no intruder. Summon help and your doom will be sealed.' " . Who ara you ? What do yon want hero f And how dare you, a stranger, address me thus ?' I criod, fairly raging at the man's insolonce, and trembling with dismay. " ' One wh« has been searching the whole world over to find you, I answer to your first question,' he said ; ' to the second, I say, I am here to avert -a tragedy ! and to the third question, as to why I, a stranger, dare address you, I answer, oy the right of an uncle, who had been appointed your guardian, and who would have striven to prevent you, the last daughter of an accused raco, from mar ryingbad it been in human power ; but it seems I have come too late. You are married, but I con save'you from the doom that follows.' " I stood motionless, rooted to the spot," moanod Uldene, " too terrified to cry out or utter any word. Like a flash the fatal words of the letter occurred to me-the words my young mother had uttered on her death-bed, that love was not forme. '"What is your purpose here? I murmured, desperately. " ' To persuade you that you must leave Rut- ledge Chester at once and forever, or I shall publicly announce that which will cause you to he sent from him by his own command-that which will cause him to turn from you in horror and fear too great for words. I will tell you the first doom which hangs over you, and which has fallen upon every daughter of your race for generations back ; then you must choose whether you will go back to France {from where you were stolen in your infancy) or enter a convent here under an assumed name, and whore you will be shut out from the world for life. " ' I will givo you proof, first of all, that lam in- deed what I claim to be, your uncle and guardian ; thon I will tell you your story.' " I examined the portrait of my mother, which he had brought with him, which was bo like my own face it might easily have been taken for me. Beneath it was my mother's name-Uldone. I knew he spoke the truth. I could feel it in my heart. Every pulse thrilled as I gazed at th* pic tmred face in the white bright moonlight. "Ona by one I examined the papers he had brought with him ; and no doubt waa left in my mind bnt what he was indeed my uncle. " ' The daughters of your race were all beautiful womon,' he said, slowly ¡ ' but none were so beauti- ful as you, who seem to have inherited all the beauty of your race, You have inherited, too, their quick, passionate nature. Quick to lore, and love intensely, and quite as quick to hate, and hate bitterly.' " I knew his words as to my disposition wero quite true. " ' Some three or four generations back,' he said, thoughtfully, ' there belonged to your raci> a hand- some, debonair, rocklees fellow, who did more harm in the world than good. He owned a princely chateau and a large estate, and spent money like a prince. At the age of thirty he had enjoyed every happiness-every pleasure that life holds. Just as he was tiring of it all most profoundly, a beautiful gipsy girl chanced to cross his path. Her dark, glowing beauty pleased him, and obeying a Bndden impulse, he made her his bride. The flame so quick to light in his capricious heart, as quickly died out; and the fetters that bound him to the beautiful gipsy were galling to him, and a thousand times he aurscd himself for wedding her; and always to the face of hor who would have given her life-blood for one word, one kindly smile from him whom she idolized as a living god. Abont this time he meta fair-hairod maiden, whom, with him, to aee was to love with all tho mad ardor of his passionate nature. But for the gipsy girl, he told himself, he would be free to woo and win the only woman he could ever love. In speaking of the matter to a bosam friend, he was shown a loophole in the marriage bond which held him, and he was not long in availing himself of the opportunity of turning tho beautiful gipsy girl from his doors. "'It was on her eigthteenth birthday that the beautiful gipsy girl fled from her husband's home back to the nomadic life of her psople whom she had forsaken, and aU for love of him. " ' The Beena betweenthem was fierce and terrible. He thrust her from the grounds ; and maddened to freney, she attempted to draw the silver arrow that caught bock her long, dark hair, and bury it in his faithless heart. "In this she failed; but she left with him a curse more bitter than to have been slain by her hand would have been ; and this waa her curse : '"That if he married the fair-haired maiden to whom his heart had turned, that every daughter of their race should bo accursed ; and if they married young-as she, the hapless gipsy girl, had done that their marriage Bhould end in a broken heart, as hers had. She sank down on her knees amid the blue-bells of the open glade, and prayed the great spirit of her people, who had witnessed her dethronement, to make the eighteenth birthday of tho daughters of his race-should he marry again -as memorable in Borrow as hers was on that day. She prayed that they might on that day loee hope and reason. Aye, that they might go raving mad, as she was going ; and that their white hands on that day bo stained with the life-blood of him whom they loved-the «tan who iras found bold enough, despite her warning, to lead them to, the , altar. " * It was horrible-this curse the wild, untu- tored child of naturo uttered ; but it has followed tbem,' he said, 'from generation down. Each daughter braved fate by marrying, and, on her eighteenth birthday, hor doom fell upon her. Bereft of reason, a tragedy ensued. They lifted their white hands against him whom, in reason, they had loved beat; but they never knew the sad end, for each daughter, in turn, spent her lonely life after that in the old atone house on the river road that had beon set apart for their use. " ' Your mother, Uldene,' he continued, ' was nearly eighteen, and married, when she first heard the story, and, to avoid the curse, fled from her husband, taking you with her. The shock of the story killed her husband. Then we heard Bho came to America. We followed her, but found trace of her too late. '"Now, Uldene, you see Rutledge Chestor's danger,' he went on. ' If you lovo him, fly from him-save him¡ better that than slay him, or, knowing your story, have him turn from you in horror, and seok measures to confine you in an insane asylum. " ' If you refuse to fly, I will publicly proclaim your story to tho world. Choose. Take your fate in your own hands.' " I went," faltered Uldene, " although it nearly broke ray heart to part from him. * Still, I must eave him from myself,' I cried out to my own breaking heart. j " In my desperation, I cried out that I would enter a convent, and there, hidden from Rutledge and from the eyes of the world, end my miserable I days. i " He was to accompany me there ; but on the 1 journey Heaven interposed. There was a torrible ¡ railway accident, and ho who accompanied me- | aye, the whole world-believed that, then and , tbero, I mot my death. A young girl, sitting in a seat back of me, held my cloak ana satchel, sup- posing I intended getting a cup of tea at a railway station whero the train was to stop. '. I had conceived thiB idea while ho was in the smoking-car ahead. I had changed my mind about entering the convent. I nlighted from the train, it thundered on, and you know the rest. " I read in the papers of ray supposed death how I had been identified by the cloak and satchel and how, afterward, my supposed mutilated rcmainB had been placed in tho family vault by ray grief stricken husband. " ' He bolieres mo dead !' I cried, with a bitter sob. And dead to the world and to him I must ever be !' " What it cost me to live apart from him only Heaven knows, and the pitying angels. " Two years passed, and famishing for one glance at his well loved face, I dared go to Washington, where he waa. " I was heavily veiled as I passed him by, and looked at him with yearning, wistful eyes ; but ho did not know mo. He never dreamed the dark robed figure he had so carelessly passed by knelt on the spot where he had stood, and, with passionate, burning tears, kissed the cold pavement over which he had passed." CHAPTER XXXIX. "i wouldn't scakbt you to satb your lifb." Matters might have drifted on in this way for- ever, had not an unexpected event happened," Bobbod Uldone, breaking down completely now, "and that waa the announcement that greeted my eyes in the paper one day-of my husband's ap- proaching marriage. " Only God knows what I suffered as I held the paper in my hand. The words seemed to stand out bofore my dazed eyes in letters of fire. My heart gave one great, awful throb, and I fell to the floor Uko ona dead. It was many a day before I regained consciousness again and realised what was trans- piring around me. " ' Waa I in time to atop the marriage ?' I asked myself, wildly, ' for it must bo stopped at any cost I dared not offend God and man by letting the oareraony go on ; and thon-though severed from Rutledgo, aa completely as though I were indeed dead-atill he waa my husband ; yos, he was mine mine ! " I made ray way to Black-Tor Light-house, reaching there one hour in advance of the ceremony I had barely stepped upon the island ere a mon came hastily up the path, and I drew back into the shadow of the trees until he should pass. As the moonlight fell across his face I saw, to my horror, it waa ho-the man whom you are holding yonder -he who hod wrecked my life by tolling me the fatal story of the past-he who claimed to be my uncle and guardian. " Another step was heard, and he drew back, motionless, among the trees-bo near the spot where I hod shrunken back that I could havo put j out my hand and touched him. As the third per son advanced hastily, a terriola imprecation burst from my guardian's lips. '"It ia Rutledge Cheater," he oriod, fiercely, below his breath, yet loud enough for me to hear. ' He shall not marry the woman I love to night. I -I will kill him first. I owe him another grudge too. It was he who forced mo from the ranka of society ; he it was who found ma out and hunted me down, discovered that I waa aemugglar, a robber, and all that was infamous to his virtuous eyes ; and he even traced to me the duel that took place at midnight in the grave-yard, back of the old church in the suburbs. But he little knows that there and then I first meet sweet Verlie Sefton, and held her captive in our rendezvous until she escaped. I would never have harmed one hair of her golden head. I love her too well, even though she abhorred mo. I paid back the old debt I owed to Rutledge Chester in parting his first brido from him, but it recoiled on me. He ia about to marry the woman I love ; but I say ho shall die first here and now.' " I tried to cry out, bat the sound died on my lips. The toll form drew nearer. I, who knew Rut- ledge so well, saw that it was not he j yet the young man approaching waa fatally like him. In a moment *he waa abreast of the trees ; then the would-be assassin sprang from the shadows. I heard a cry, I saw the flash of a cruel weapon, and only the mercy of Heaven prevented it from being buried in the young man's breast. In the excite- ment following the wounded man's startled cry, the man yonder escaped. I saw Captain Lansing come hurriedly up the path, stumble over the prostrate torm in surprise, ana tnere tney came up- on him-it seems. " In the confusion I had made my way to Verlie, whom I found alone in her bridal robes. She thought me a ghost, at firat risen from the dead. I told her all, and sha knew, poor girl, that her marriage with Rutledge could never be- he had a living wife. She could Bee, too, that I must never reveal myself to Rutledge, but ga quietly away, again. " Verlie fainted, and I, with bitter tears, silently as a shadow glided swiftly away. That is why peor Verlie has been tossing in the ravings of a brain fever ever since that night. Heaven soften the aorrow that will be hera with the return .of memory. " I would have gone down to the grave without revealing myself if it had not been for the pitiful crime fastened upon the innocent prisoner heil- and from which I, an eye-witness, alone could save him from the unjust sentence of a term of im- prisonment for long years. " I have told my story-saved from infamy an honorable name. I have done my duty. This is the fatal day-my eighteenth birthday-and here and now let mc die. My own confession has sealed ray fate, bnt I implore you not to incarcerato me- in an oaylum. I am weak. I feel that I am dying -dying. "I have parted you from Verlie, lovo," ahe sobbed, "but you will forgive me- forgivo-I love-you-so." The words trailed off heavily from her white lips, and for the first time, she turned her eyes, in affright, toward her handsome, young husband. Should she find horror and dismay on his face, or* gloomy sorrow becauso she had parted him from his love P "Rutledge," she murmured, holding out her white arma. But ere he could reach her side she had fallen back in a deep, death-like swoon at the judge'a feet. Of course, the greatest excitement reigned, and the stranger soon found himself in the prisoner's box, in the place of noble Captain Lansing, who had been honorably discharged. " I am now in the hands of the law, where yon have always wished to behold mo," cried tho étranger, turning fiercely, yet with a mocking smile}. on Rutledge ; " but i have cneatea you rrom wars ting the woman I love. I wish you joy with your maniac bride, for auch ahe will surely be when she recovers from this shock and returns to consciousness." Loud cricB and hisses from the crowd greeted this remark, and the judge, fearing personal violence to the prisoner, had him conveyed to an innor room, and the throng was summarily dispersed. Uldene waa carried to a couch, and Rutledge gav« the order : "To the nearest hotel." " Poor Uldene ! Poor, hapless Uldene !" ho nror mured, laying the beautiful, marble-white face against his bosom, while tears, that were no shame to hi(s manhood, stole down his face. "How well you have loved me !" In that moment his heart fought a great battle with right and wrong. He muat put Verlie out of his life forevermore and turn his every thought to poor Uldene. He was only human, dear reader, and if he shed a few, bitter tears over his vanished hope of winning his lost love for his bride, we mast remember " to err is but human." Let it be said of him, he struggled manfully to put all thoughts of Verlies fair face from him, and to leam to face the world without her, and romombor only Uldene, his young wife, who had been restored to him from the very grave, it seemed. An old physician was soon in attendance upon Uldene. It was the same old physician, older and grayer now, who had held Uldene in his arms when she was a little babe, and predicted such a strange« uncommon life for the child oa he gazed at the wee,, pink palm lying like a crumpled rose leaf within his own. " In my opinion," declared the doctor, there are no symptoms of hereditary insanity here, and I am counted an expert in such cases. I firmly believed, as I listened to her remarkable story to-day, that the man claiming to be her uncle íb, in reality, a true descendant of the gipsy girl she spoke of, and that for generations past thoy havo deliberately «et about preparing this story, which has been handed downfrsm father to son, and setting it afloat to terrify and destroy the hapless daughters of this race. These frail and beautiful women wero so shocked by the prediction, and brooded over it with such horrible anticipation, that constant brooe$i ing in time turned their brains and mado them raving maniacs. The child of each fair daughter was born before this period, therefore no taint of the malady waa handed down to the child." " The man is a villain, an old offender against the law," replied Rutledge. " No crime is too atrocious for him to attempt. " I imagine he is at the end of his rope ; ha is wanted for too many crimes to over again regain his freedom." It is presumable that the man knew this, for ia less than au hour there was news that he had by hiB own hand, hurled his unforgiven soul into eternity. He left a written confession behind him, however, and strange to say, it was almost word for word the same as the doctor had predicted. He was the last descendant of the gipsy girl, and his people had for generations back deliberately de- stroyed the fair daughters of a bonny race and all for revenge's sake. The man died as he had lived unrepentant. While this scene was being enactcd,quito another, and a sweeter one waa taking place in the shady orange grove that skirted the beautiful island tipped by the Bilvery waves of the glistening sea. Two persons sat on a mossy, fallen log. They were pretty, capricious, black- eyed Neddy and gallant Captain Lansing. " Yon will answer my question won't you Neddy -dear Neddy ?" he Bays winningly edging np a little closer to the slender figure, and attempting to take one of the little restless hands that waa toy- ing with the wild flowers. "You have been »y staunch, true little ' friend through the darkest hours of my life. Be my sunbeam in brighter honra*. Say that you will be my little bride, Neddy, darling." " I wouldn't marry you to save your life, Captain Lansing," she declares, starting up from the mossy log. " Will you tell me why, Neddy ?" he persists. " Because I-I- don't care very much for yen ~ no not a bit," ßhe persists ; but the blushes on the dimpled face tell him bettor. See does care for him». The smiling captain catches the wilful little beauty in his arms, and holds her there, much against her will-and holds her there until ahe baa answered his question - and tho answer must have pleased him vastly, for, half an hour later. Neddy blushing rosy red, slips into Verlio's room at the great, dark light-house, holds up a little white hand, on the betrothal finger of which a diamond glistens like a star. " Oh, it's true, Verlie," she panta-" quite true after all. Captain Lansing loves me, and only me ; and, oh, Verlie, I'm so happy I I have promised to be his bride." Verlie looked with quivering lips into the bright face bo transfigured with beaming love ; and she kissed the girl's ripe, red lips. " May you ever be happy in your love, Neddy,"" ahe whispers, softly. " Remember love is the sweet boon Heaven does not give to all." Then they talk of Uldene in low, tender whispers» " She is very low, they say," Neddy whisper». " May God grant her life instead of death." " Amen !" breathed pure, gentle Verlie, uttering the word in which a whole prayer waa compressed - with all her heart. i And. how iared it with Uldene in that critieal | moment r We shall see. ' -- CHAPTER XL. " LIVE FOE MY SAKE, DARLING !" All day long Uldene had lain in a death-like stupor, from which she aroused just as the bells in the far-off belfry tolled tho midnight hour. Raising her great dark, fathomless eyes, she saw the face of the good old doctor, whom she had known from infancy, bending over her. " Where am IP Have I been ill ?" ahe murmured, attempting to struggle up from her pillow, but the effert was too much for her, and she fell backward, half fainting. "You are very ill, my dear," said the doctor gently; so ill that your life honga by a single thread. You must not exert yourself if you would live." «TT- j_:"i, A«o J,m nt «lin " ht- unid takintr " Here, arme one arop 01 mm, ut nuiu, »,«,"6 a small vial from the stand close by the bedside, and dropping one drop into a wine-glass full of cold, clear water. " This will produce a refreshing sleep. Ten drops would be fatal. But you are to live." He held it to Uldene's lipa, and she drank the potion, and shortly afterwards the white lids closed softly over the great dark, piteous eyes. Believing she slept the doctor had stolen Boftly from the room ; and Rutledge had taken his place at her bedside ; not at the side of it, where she might awaken, and, seeing him there, receive a great shock to her nerves, but at the head of tho bed, where he could watch Uldene, while ho himself remained unBeen. The sound of his footsteps ob he approached made no sound on the thick velvet carpet. A low moan broke from Uldene's lips, and peering breathlessly from behind the screen of silken cur- tains, Rutledge could see that there were tears on the long, dark lashes. "I am to live," she moaned, feebly-"live to enrae the life of the one being on earth I would die to make happy-live to be a barrier between Rutledge and the girl he loves-live to know that he hates me, and will rue the hour Ufe struggled back to the breast that should have »sen stilled in death. " Oh, Rutledge, love of my life, you will never know how my heart bleeds for you. A moan that was most pitiful to hear broke from her whito lipa. " What ia my life and my poor, blind, worshipful loreto you, dear P I, whose love has been your doom ? But I will repair the terrible wrong I have done you in taking you fram Verlie. You shall be free to woo and win her for your bride, love-yes, you ehall be free at the cost of my own poor, worth- less Ufe." She put out her feeble hand toward the little marble stand close by the bedside, and grasped one ef the vials, and held it up in the flickering light, murmuring faintly : " He said one drop of this gave strength while ten meant death, swift, sure, and with but one fierce throb of pain. Ten drops, then, shall be ray portion ; and as I drink it let the sweet thought sustain me that I am giving my life- yes, my life-to make my darling happy, for then he will wed Verlie, whom he loves. He will never know that his happiness was purchased with my life never know that my last words were, ' Oh, love of my heart ! my darling husband, fareweU !' " \ Uldene raißed the vial to her lipB. Its Uquid con f tents flashed like gleaming pearls in the flickering light ; but it was dashed from the little hand by a stronger one, and a hoarse, thrilling cry echoed through the silence of the room : " Uldene, my wife ! live for my Bake ! for my leve !" The voice and the words thrilled poor Uldene's heart to the core. In that one spureme moment Rutledge Chester's heart was touched and awa- kened as it had never been touched before. When one moment of silence, would havo given bim his heart's desire, his freedom back again, he had awakened to the truth. Uldene his young wife, was dearer to him than all the world beside. In that awful moment he had chosen between Verlie and Uldene-yea his heart had gone out to poor hapless Uldene, who would have given her young life to have purchased his happiness. A true, deep love, such as he had never felt for Uldene, even in the old days, came to him now. The great strength and depth of Uldene's love had, in that supreme moment when her life hung in the balance, won his in return. He clasped the frail form of this poor, desolate girl-bride in hie strong arms, pillowed her dark, curly head on his breast, murmuring, brokenly : " Live for my sake, Uldene. I have heard all. I love you my darling, the best, after all. Lira and we wiU commence life anew, and ha all the world to each other." Two white arms stole around hia neck, and a joy that he never forgot came into her beautiful I face. " Is this a. dream, Rutledge ?" she whispered, nestling closely, fearfully within the shelter of thoBe strong arms. " If this is but a dream let me die dreaming thus. Oh Rutledge, has my great love won you at last ?" Ae soon as Uldene was able to travel Rutledge took her abroad, leaving behind a farewell note to Verlie, every line of which Uldene heartily indorsed. Rutledge and Uldene remained abroad two years and, retnrning at the end of that time, the first persons whom they met as they landed were Captain Lansing and his bride, piquant gay Neddy still. " Yon ought to have come a week earlier," she declared, giving Uldene a hearty school-girl hug. " Oh we had such a grand wedding in Washington and, oh, the bride was just perfectly lovely. Gness who she was." "Not you, surely, Neddy; yon've been mar- ried longer than that." "Me!" cried Neddy, aghast. "Do you think I'd speak of myself as ' perfectly lovely P' I'll let other people say that," she added, with a Baucy little roguish laugh. The description would he by no means ont of the .«ay, Neddy," raughed Rutledge Chester. " But it wasn't me," declared Neddy. " You both seem determined not to guess right ; so as I'm dying to tell, you may as well know that it was VerUe. She has married my brother Dick. He always adored her, poor fellow, but there were al- ways so many rivals in the path, and he, being bashful, always thought he hadn't the least ghost of a chance of winning her." Rutledge Chester and Captain Lansing looked at each other, blushed, and turned away smiling. Both were ecretly pleased that sweet Verlie had become the bride of Richard Temple, for no better fellow lived than he. Our Btory is ended, dear reader, unless it is to state that three handsome villas, side by side, grace one of the finest avenues of the gay capital, and in one of them dwell Rutledge and his idoUzed young wife, who ia now tho pride of his heart and home ; in the next mansion Uves Captain Lansing and Neddy; and bist, but not least, is the imposing home in which fair Verlie and her husband live, and are the most devoted couple to each other the) . ana ever shone upon. / Every one at the gay capital knows fche strange, how their lives were entangled at one time bo cruelly by the hand of cruel fate ; and they tell, too, how happy they are now ; for in this world, out of darkness, thraugh trials and crosses, " Et»ry heart finds its own true mate Some lime Id lile i for this la fate." Mark Sefton and Nella are welcome guests at the three mansions. So is Miss Lennox, the poor patient creature who was Uldene's friend in her hour of need ¡ and, if report speaks truly, she will not be Miss Lennox much longer. Verlie and Uldene never referred to the past but once, and that was to murmur, as tkey twined their arms around each other as they had done in sunny childhood : " It is best that everything happened as it did, Uldene. The mystery that shadowed your early Ufe is a mystery no longer. And if Rntledgo and I had not been parted by fate at the very altar almost, I would never have been Dick's bride." And in their happiness we will leave them, dear reader, remembering the course of true love never doea run smooth, but to quote happy, dark-eyed Uldene's words, " Ali'i well that ends well." TUB BND. " OUR NEW TALE."-On Saturday, Jan. 21, wa shall begin the publication of an interesting now tale, «DORIS BRANDON," to tako the place of " Faithful to the End," which Is now completad. 