A Dissipated Ghost ~^iiriaac*ir Sttacr.. '-? I ns a book-keeper inOhieagoat the time of the great fire, and, like many, otberipwife left byit homelsss, penoilee*, ani (friendless, my employ ere being tub cripplea. by the calamity to continue business. Unlike many others, though; within, a waek lltaad the good fortune .to *ecidenteUy meet a civil -engineer whom l.hal known, slightly when ' 1 wa i a lad, svud on makingmyBelf knowivto'him he offered me wore as an aasiBtsnititiShe pre limthlrVBurvejf of ?'?Sorted riilrbau which heSraVAffitf % ?%& Wf *tf make? = It goM without saying that isseBeptwti gladly, line mote so because 1 was yonng and vigorous, detested office slavery, and cevjeted open -pir emplojabffiitfH sc &.-„.; ;,ir5, rr »? -,:0 The party to which i wasattachedJjnas ex cepti«al,*n jSwWfee ^t^,st»e-Were,edji- cated gentlemen and good ietyowB, good natured and jolly, withjuiiinUmitedcapacitj for maHng amqeemBiit, rwhile- Jthfe .laborers, the ' hewfasyaf awoeiiimddra.weffi ofjmvter,' seemed to follow their, Jeadrand cheerfully b^^ir jjMdflhtpp lika'plasgnj-ts.- . jit fact, I believe that fchg hilarity ,anri nrhnnityof the staff- ihad4 frtfrflv^Mi ^the very-^ttoicest of the l*bortara^»-fteekemplpjineiit with the party. At *uy 'rate, -gxcept *rtu'le-at;wofk, there was snail distmeiieji o£rjmk,*nd many an even ing 'Aid we make the qaiet night ring with the united ahoat* of thp party as «e laughed over Borne comical fttory and bandied jokes with, one another; and -often and often did the .flames ,-if,OBr camp-fire leap in unison with iTtunefcl chorus, xrhose -notes floated off intone wilderness around us and wafted Btrauas of Jthe joys .of .civilisation to the nntu ftMedjavBge in the far distance. f.'3Che -chief of oar patty was an. engineer named Jones (of course, that wasn't his name, but it will serve), a -short, fat, cheery little man, with an imperturbable acceptance of circumstances, however adverse, which oftsn struck' me as an attribute of a fatalist. Every one called him major, though nobody conld tell why. There was nothing in his bearing to inspire the application of a military title — rather thte oonfaary^but still we aU called bun major. 1 never saw anothermahso fall of straightforward enenr* «« -n— gaml of the weSnaeof- bw^~hartttantes,ao&itbfal; to his dirty, and. w)H»l,'o merry a'ad appar —fi ligut-aearted. fie seemed to like the wild life of a preliminary surrey, and once told as, as we layabout our fire at night talking of home and our ultimate return then; that be would like to die witbont ever seeing the settlements again. \- This remark set as -all to talking in a re miniscent strata, and from mothers, sisters, aid sweethearts we passed on to the rosy joys of the opera, the baUet, and the circus; of .Nilsson as Lucia, Lucca as Zsrlina, Aime3 in 'La, Jolie Pdxfumease,' Dan Brys.it aad Charlie Backng, Sothem, . Jefferson, and Booth. One fellow exalted ovisr sappeis with dashing blondes of the variety stage ; another lamented the passage of hissuccesses as a leaier of society; another gloated over all-night sprees, and discourse! of absinthe ?s a morning healer. Many were the recol lections of the Aigyle Btobis in NVw fork, of nocturnal adventures in the streets behind Covent Gardens in London, of wild sights in Paris, Vienna, Venice, or Ban Fraicuco ; andthe dancing-^irl of Honolulu, Tbkohana, and D^lhi wen: descanted nnon till a *»-ti»ta4 indication of envious discontent warned us to change our topic Then we talked ' gour mand me,' and compared whisky and bacon with omelet soufuje., bogs & Ja poulette, and champagne frappe. We were a '1 wise on the merits of the various been, and some of us could talk of Chambertin, Cloa Voogeot, Chateau Vquem, and JohannisbergeT, wnicn we Ignorantly flittered ourselves we knew sometuing about. Finally, Jack Saxcon got up and lazily stretched himself, remarking : '? Well, gentlemen, you may all talk about delicious drinks, but 1 tell you that in the old days the finest drink 1 ever lasted was a big pull out of my soft- water pitcher aooui. five o'clock in the morning.'' Most uf us knew something about that, too, and the boyS'Gaid nothing, but drifted quietly off to ilicir blankets, leaving Jones and me to fiaish ourpipo by too dying fire. We smoked in silence for a few minutes, and then the chief turned and looked intently at me, with a far-away look in his eyes thai I had never seen there before. Presently he said : « My boyB, yon wen aU ofyou wisa to take the good things of life when they were within your reach, for the time will came, alive or later, wnen the ashes of remem brance will be all you can hope for out of the glory of existence. I enjoyed those things once — enjoyed them so that 1 don'c like to talk oreren think about them. Thank your staid, old fellow, that you ate still here to embrace the fragrant delight of them.': Be leaned back on his elbow aad looked of int j the sky, diligently ehootinggrfeat znauth fuls of smoke at a cloud which swung along the horizon. At length he said, half to him-; self and almost. defiantly : '1 think I will' tell yon my story, I don't knoir why 1! shouldn't. I know yon will respect my con-i fidence, and it will serre to bring me to mind sometimes when vim atm sa erjuri nl-* citizen and I am a rotting skeleton.' I said nothing, but refilled my pips, threw a chunk} of wood on the fire, and stretched myself out again where 1 conld see his pleasant face L-«» the flickering firelight. After a few mor-: smuke-pnffj, he com menced : 'Soon after the war began 1 left college with mj civil engineer's degree in my! pocket, aad I immediately enlisted in — call it the One Hundred aad Fourth Bhode Island. I went out as first lieutenant, wai soon ma ie captain, aad was with my com pany at the battle of Antietam. During the aay i was hit in the fa* by a fta^ment of a shell, Tviiick knocked me down aud stunned me for a feir.moments, but 1 soon came to myself, found that 1 was not seriously hurt; and hurried on after the company, which had goae-aueai. When 1 caught up with them, Hie men told, me that the sam-j shell which had upset me had killed a private named John J*. Weed, completely oisemboweliing him. I ha-i pajaed the poor fellow's fragf jnents, but diun't look to see who it wan Si»a know that in the volunteer service th* sepaiaoon between officer and private wjs box ver/ marked, and 1 had come to know W*ed preUy well, but in the heat of battle there wasn't time to be sorry fjrhis death, I -took that out long afterwarj. He' was a queer, spiritna'istic sort of fellow, with no direct belief in any thing, an i entirely with out respect 'for the mom. I law* of the nine teenth century. - We often lacked together, and lie had tokt.me that iie had no kin in the world, and he used to wokder.il te ehonld be killed, what would become- of about fifteen hnhored dollars which lay W his credit in the Grocers' and Chemists* ifahfc'vf Kew York. -Bs'hsd-beenB feint CMWrt in all ways, and it seemed to^rieve him that he ha 1 not had lime to creditably e^iend it in lnxorious -}i«Bipa-inn i^frtrp hajyli«tf«i, . . . . , , 'Well, I served through'the war and came outamajar,'«na)i)yjthe way, the title is Uts (mly-TemniOiV-OI Kiy old life that clings to mecoiF.Katf IfeanVeecriddf laeti ??? 'Alter the Warl didn't ohink of going at my'pr6fettnin1ior'i;was-too ratty in it, aad I obtained a clerkihin in' The- ftr.-».fi' and Chemists' £aak, thzough the' in&aeace; of tnaads. With the vagabond instfoccsof a soidterstill in me, ixierotedmy nights pretty generally to the illicit pleasures witu which the cily &bounded;,-6ut if tuck, oy jny wjrk , during the os.y,-£h(iv-wBS -eventually made paying teller. Of. course, 4 couldn't raise the eience alTughts -withont' fiBendlhg a lot of money, so mjriai4r/%»l m'&jk; oVcrdmiFji, ' and 1 was in debt besidd. One day 1 got to thinking- of Weed, and 1 went to the books aad fuund, sure enough, the tifr^w handreu and odd dolla-3 nib to his credit. 'After that, I used U- brood orj it a good deal, and thwk whi^a p^y it wasfhiftt »oniuchlhbiiey should Ee there in the bank'tiirerer, Wver to Wj AW-^PSWy g°oai ?1^ what a'goilsena it ?ropifl be Jor me if I ha3 it. ^'Ooe fltght I got into a. game of poker, and lost ^i l-ne of my fellow clerks a good deal more money than I could pay. - 1 fare him my, l-O.V for the airnuni, and ne promUed me mr revenge whenever I chose. Toe next day, j dst as the bulk was about to close, a maii walked, up to the counter and put out his hand saying: 'Hello, Captain. Just identify me, will yon, s) I can draw mv motley.' Great G -d 1 It was John P. Weed himself! I stared at him in BTiar^ment, and sail feebly : - Bat looV here, yon Tcnpw y^n're dead.' 4 1 may be dead, but Tm alive eBDogh to want you to' dine' with me ' to nieht, and he drew a jJbeck for fifteen hnn ored dollars, an3 I, dazed with the shod paid it, knowing his signature well enongh * Now, put on your hat and catne out and take a drink with me,' hesaid, and.my duties being over for the day, I went. We ha'J a drink or two, and then went out off t*ie Bloomingdale road for a. .drive, after wh:ch we dined at Dilmonico's. I tried hard to get him to explain his astonishing reappear otk-p bnthehntmeoS with1' 'Wever mind that now ; tell you to-morrow.' After din ner, both of ns rather excited by drinking, Weed said : ' Now, 1 want to do the town to-night, and you've got to icome with me ' I protested weakly, saying that I bad no monej. ? What of that! . 1. have plenty, and it's my treat But here, it you're squeamish, take this and we'll go and copper the ace, and see if we can't win enough for you. I'll stand the losses/ and he handed me fifty dollars.' Tb*t'«o5ffiaSe^aea'8i' so we went to alike Murray's, and in half an hour I had won several hundred dollars, with which we pulled out. As we. turned into Brosdway, J s»w my poker',crWitdr on the other Bide of the street, ana Ffcxoused myself fora minute, aad rai over to him; ' I sav. Stone, I want to take up my I O U.' ?All right; but I thought you were broke.' I was just tipsy enough to bj cunning, bo I replied, ' Never yon mind that ; I ca^i always find a way to 'pay my debts of hbnor.V I gave him the money- ,''J ?»j«t»«l Weed. ? io«i was the wildest I ever pat it. Wo had a box at a theatre fore, little while, and then got a carriage ami 'toofc in the'tbwn,' spending oar money like crazy men. I left him a.\ six o'clock in the morning, at the nomaHU uuiuc, wueic us hid w; ?*-%?} Bujp ' I wa« late at the baik that momidg, and when I got there was told that the cashier wanted. me. I, of coarse, expected a reprimand for b;ing late, and hod 'concocted a yaii about a BicV'Triend ; but when I went in I saw that he had Weed's check in his hind, v .; ; ? '; ' ' Mr. Jones, did you psf this check !' ''Yes, sir.' ' - Was the party identified to yon by any one?' . . ? - ? . .', 4 'No,sir; I knew him. He wa? ia my company dnrinj the w»t-.' ' ' Was it to*Mr. Weed himself, then, fEat you paii the -money ?! ''yes,»ir/ ; ; , : ., ''H-m-m. This is very strange. Have you ever Been him since yoa left the army!' ** * If A. until ydterdty,' ' ' Did yoa nit know that lie was supposed to have been killed in the army ?' -H'Tee, sir— that is, Ithoaghthe WMkillad at Antietam.' --?? ; 'i i Were yoa n it theriat the' time J' «'Tes, eir; I waV Btrockr By ttw same sbot.' ' ' That will do, Mr. Jones.. This requires looking into. You will consider yourse'f suspended for the present, a.aa I would- Hot advise you to a'tempt to leave Uie city.'* ' ' ' 'I was horribly indignant at his implied suspicion, and went out in speechless rage, hurrying to the Hoffman House to find Weed aid take him to the bank and trium phantly clear myBelf of any accusation of dishonesty. My boy, they told me there was no sash man there. Almost paralyzed by the scrape i found mysslf in, I speotthe next three days in sconring the city for him, but he had disappeared and left no trace. Thehackmati and of her peaple wio had seen ins ©a that corsei night could not remember him dis tinctly enough to -think they would know turn again. ' On the fourth day I was summoned to the bank, and found the directors aU as sembled in the bank parlor. 1 way. given?*, seat and tha president aidr«s3ei ms : ' n ' Mi-: JoliEB,-a»5rr BTKVeTA«.rge-has bran made against you, and, after due inveeti^a tion;«-£fiiid is evidenoe et^Jngly in sup port of it. On Monday lbst you olaim to ha.Ti paid this check to Its signer, John P. Weed: WeleatntromtheWarDepkrUneit, and from some of his many comrades, that Weed was killed at Uie battle of Antietam. He has never been-e^en alire since, aid his back pay has never teen -claimed -from the Government. Ton wire his commaading officer, were familiar with bis signature, and knew that he left no hein. We have had your habits of life investigated, aad we find that yon have been aidicted to gambling and other evil ass xaations, that you are in debt, and have been living bejoad your means. We JEna that on Wdn4ay eveniug-you Aad - paid He Stone qoite/acuia of tnoney wMdh you oVfea 'him, althongo on that daj'-jou' had told him yon were unable to pay ths debt. Ton were -not seen to ..pay. this check, althoug'a all' the other chefckt were in the bank as usual until a'te: you left on Monday. Mr.' Jones, there ifi only one'conclnbion that we caaJdiBir; tanteae yon can hring Mr. Weed himself before us, we shall 'beli:ve that, yielding to what we hope wa? a.mo mentary tenVptatioiiL, you fbrgrf this ch'eck to provide the m^tnta for the in lulgence of vicijuspropenBiUes. Have you «*ything to ?ajpr''-1 '??? ' ? '? ? . '''What could I say f I conld not produce Weed ; and the temptation to get some«he to personate him wa« VJaicVly put atiSe, for diBjpver^ '*6nlfl hKve been certain. I told them; ? Th^presSaent Baid that out of con sideration for my friendj they would not pros :catearen»ave me some friendly airice about my future life, aad I Wint' out of the bank a disgraced man. My .bandsmen piid the mfney, «ad 1 ca-oe West and w^nt engineering. I heard afterwari that Stone was 'alao tiisobarged for'playing poker* Poor old Chief I lie was billed soon after ward by a border ruffi in In North Platte. Wb.9 it the ghost of WeeiJ,''-I *jna-jr, or^— ? I don't like to speculate n^oa it.'. I liked Jones, and never knew -him to tell an 'un- truth. 