LAKE TYERS. (By an Old Gippslander) Some years ago, on a warm summer's after- noon a man might have been seen to set forth from the shore in a small boat, and, hoisting sail, make for the opposite banks of Lake Tyers. The wind , which then scarce filled the lugsail, gradually freshened; the waters. suddenly became disturbed. One of these squalls which rise so quickly in these parts, had caused this change. But the man held on. He seemed uncon cerned, and although the little craft heeled over perilously, he made no attempt to lower the sail. He was a man of some fifty years of age, bronzed, swarthy, with large quick wild- looking grey eyes. He wore a heavy beard in which the grey largely mingled with the brown. He was powerfully built, and in his face the physiognomist would have read courage and resolution. He might also have discovered the marks of keen suffering in, the lines of his brow and around his eyes. On plunged the little boat. The man sat motionless, handling the, tiller mechanically. He seemed lost in moody thought. Suddenly, as he came abreast of a gorge. the wind caught the sail. Over went the boat. Then, for the first time the man, appeared to realise his poition. It was not a pleasant one. He.observed thatlho was fully half arnile from the shore. To, a swimmer this fact would not have appeared so serious; but thisman could not i.wim. -All he could do, then, was to cling to thea bottom of the boat, which was no easy task.. The waves tumbled the little cockleshell about, so that it was with the utmostdiffi, qulty he retained his hold. Gazing through the misty air at the dim. hiore he discovered no, prospect of rescue. And yet this grim circumstance did not appear to appal him. He looked neither. pae nor agitated ; only weary and resigned. I ' It has coume at last,,' he muttered. " What matter l--better thus than death by my own hand. Then with a swift transition of feeling he Cried out: 'Mary--my wife, my love. You will never know, never dream, that 1 died thus, and that your dear name was last upon my lips-your dear self: the last effort of 'my thoughts.' By a supreme effort he drew himself upon the keel. He lay thus extended on the bottom of the boat. The mast and sail acted somewhat as a centre board or false keel They at least prevented the boat from roll ing completely over under the-weight of the man. Thus he lay motionless. In truth he no longer thought of his singular position. His thoughts were of the past; he was lost in that dismal reverie which, comes to all of us at times, when the ghosts of our errors and mistakes arise in dismal array before us. Repentance !. Alas, of what avail to ex ercise these ghastly spectres ! Thus absorbed, this man, indifferent to the raving of the wind, the splash of the waves against the boat, the ceaseless rolling of the little vessel, clung mechanically to the keel-.. thinking, thinking of the past.. He felt no fear, for death it would seem had no terror for him. He had lived beyond the desire of life. Hope had abandoned him.. He awaited the end with stoical indifference. It may be observed that what is called the 'irony of fate' is frequently exhibited under such circumstances. How frequently we may note that they who struggle hardest for life fail to keep it, while they who invite death discover it evades them. It was so in this case. The accident had been observed from the shore by a man who was fishing.: He quickly pulled towards the capsized boat, but he had to contend against wind and waves. Nevertheless these elements on the other hand drifted the disabled boat towards him. In less than half an hour from the time of the accident, he reached the boat. He be held. his figure stretched upon the keel and judged that the man had swooned. ' Hulloa ' he cried, lustily. Hulloa !' At this the other looked up. His rescuer had now brought his boat alongside. In a few moments he was secure. But it was noticed by the man who had saved him, that there was no expression, of grati tude or elation in his face If anything, that set, stern, haggard face expressed disappointment. 'A queer fellow this,' murmured the other. 'He looks as if he'd rather I hadn't inter-. fered.' Then he said aloud:. 'Your. boat will drift ashore, sir--so., we'll leave her to do so. I have a camp hard by, and can offer you a change of clothing, and some blankets. In the meantime, try some of this,' and he passed a pocket-flask to the rescued man. As though by an, effort the latter cour- teously thanked him, and drank a small por- tion of brandy. As he returned the flask he said: 'I have to thank you cordially and to ask your pardon that I did not do so at once. But to speak the truth, as I lay on the keel of my boat, I fell into a kind of dream, or reverie of so absorbing a kind, that I scarce realised for the moment that I had been awakened so agreeably. I thank you very heartily, sir. Life they say is sweet, and I suppose it is all for the best that I am still in a position to verify the proverb.' The other, as he impelled his boat with vigorous strokes towards the shore, listened in surprise and silence. It was evident that this person whom he had rescued was a man of education and cul- ture. Rough and haggard as he looked, his voice was pleasantly modulated, his words well chosen, his gestures, few but graceful. 'Here we are,' cried the younger man, as he leaped ashore and dragged the boat upon the beach. ' I'm glad to see you are strong enough to walk. My camp is over yonder in ? of trees; you can see the smoke ? improvised chimney. Come along -. ...L~i~i i~f~ ~ C~L.-.. . o...:TL Presently he turned to the left, aid. follow aig ,t rough path, lid the way to the camp. IHere the rescued eaun 'cheld a rough slab hut, roofed wvith bark, situated in the midst of a clump of trees. The younger man threw open the door. Turning to the other he said, with a winning smile. 'Enter sir, you are welcome;' and the rescued man felt a glow of gratitude which had not been inspired until then. He had been careless as to his life, and felt but little' thanks for its preservation. But his heart-seared doubtless by long suffering --bounded gratefully in response to kindly voiceand words. Within the hut `he found a great fire burn ing in the fireplace. Seated in simian at titude before it was a. black boy. He was attentively watching the baking of a 'damper.' As the me.n entered he looked up and showed his white te th. ' Budgeree fine amper, Mister o Harld,'. said he, 'plenty him bolum plour me put. Him cobbon light; my' word-pouf,' and he' puffed out his chbeek to indicate his meaning.. His master laugld, as' opening a chest he drew' forth s ikets. and clothing.. 22' ' ,'tn~i~tose wet dudi, sir," taid he,' .and jump. iitb my bunk for asi hour or so; while I get dinner under weigh. Pray make yourself .at home. The stranger smiled. A light caine into his face which chased away the hard and severe expression it' ordinarily expressed. He thanked his. host; and obeyed his kindly instructions. Stretched beneath the blankets he watched the younger man hustle about preparing dinner. As he did so, a strange, puzzled look came into his face. - Then with a frown it disapr peared. .He. sighed, and turned his face to the wall. His host thought he slept and was glad. But the man was not sleeping. He was -charging his memory as to what in this stranger's face and manner recalled a former knowledge of one like him. Presently the meal was ready-a rare feast for a bushman. Wallaby soup, stewed wild duck, soused fish, hot damper, salt butter, cheese, potatoes -not to speak of sundry toothsome side dishes, made up of tinned meats, preserves and the like. Aroused, the elder man clad himself in his host's garments, washed his face and hands, and took his seat. '.It seems like enchantment,' said he. ' An hour or so ago I was floating upon the bot-. tom of a boat, and now I'm about to partake of a feast that Lucullus himself could not command.' '.Well, I don't know,': laughed the. other, as he helped his, guest to soup in a tin dish; 'but this I think, the glutton would have envied us-our appetite." ' True,' answered' the. other, 'is. it not strange what a tyrant nature is 9 It matters not what trouble. or disasters assail us, we are compelled to. divert our. attention as. the dinner hour comes round." '-And is it not well that it" is so,' replied the other. ' The wretch condemned-to death can-eat, .aye,..an&njoy.tho-;??pital-breakfast which, with a grim satire, he is allowed, ere he sets forth on his final journ?y. We can-: not control nature.' ' True, true,' sighed the other. .He was silent for some moments. :Then he said: '.You must allow, me to return your hos pitality to- morrow. I live on the other side of the lake.' . 'Farming, doubtless.' 'No, no,' answered the other with a. faint laugh, ' only playing. hermit. 1 have' lived thus some years alone, and liking my soli The next day, the elder 'man and his rescuer walked around the shores of the lake to' the farmer's hut. It was a true hermitage, wherein, however, the initellectual was not bdsent,'though therae. seemed to b~e little care for aught else. Books 'filled every corner. A gun hung over the fireplace. Fishing lines were sus pehded from the walls. 'For the rest,'a rude bed, a table, a stool, and a few pots made up the contents of the hut. The day was splendid, and after a slight repast the two men walkeda little: distance to a spot overlooking the lake. Here they sat down. '.Try a cigar,'" said the. younger, offering his case. wl The other smiled. "Twill be. the frst I have smoked since I left Engiafr,i' he said. SI put aside all.the refinements when I ex-. patriated myself.' ' Forgive me,' said his companion, 'if I say you arouse my cunriosity. Surely to a man of your cultuire such a life as you lead must be sometimes uipalatable.' 'Sir, "saidthe. elder,man, a hard look in his face; his'grey 'eyes glitteiing. 'I?. Jire the'life'of onelwho has.taken-life" ''' 'You 1' and the other.halfarose. '-Stay-~-.wibh a gesture of command. '.Listen. I will tell you my story. Judge then of my guilt which, to.my thought,-not all tde.waters of yonder.lake. can wash away. It is now fifteen. years since I married Mary Prior. I met her by accident, lbved lher, wooed her, won 'her. 'She was very young, I double her age;. yetI think, I know, I won her loive. * We were very happy--ah ! so: liaipy that sometimes, when distraught from bitter memories, I sometimes think thatbrief bliss was but a dream,'and no iiklity.' He.pause awhile, and wiped away. the Ssweat which gathered~ on his brow. ' We.lived near the sea for one brief happy month. We.had apprised my wife's family of our. marriage, but had: not received any Sanswer. * I'. was hardly surprised, because . I' gathered fromher that they were likely~'to object to her marryisg while so young, and might perhips aspire to a richer husband for her. . . .: . ' What? matter '. We were happy -at least I was, for how. could she have been so wickedly. deceiedY' me Sir, the serpent cametiitd,obur Eden, and w'rec'lied imylife. " Again he paused; the. other noted that his lips:trembled, and his eyelids.: contracted, as hle battled' With the passion that raged within hiim. "l'-had" heard-no matter h6:wi-soff?i:ar ticu!krs of my i-ife's fimnil-, aid o:f- cii~cuni sts,:s, which acounteid fiur her presen?,d in • , . . . . ... . .' . the, remote vicarage- wherein I had first u?ict her. ..Of the.family I learned . that they were well-to-do people of good standing in life: of the circumstances I referred to, that she had been pursued by a young man of handsome person and winning address, but bad reputa tion ; and that it was to avoid this person's addresses she had been seit away from home. Indeed, she had told me as much in her shy,. delicate way, and I thought, blind fool, that the story of her repugnance to this lover was all truth. Truth ! who is it 1 Bunkley, is it not ' who says. "'Trust not a woman,- even when she' dead.' 'A base slander,' interjected his listener -' at best a' cynical witticism.- You re-. member the circumstances that: led toithe satirel. A man's stepmother died. The corpse ,was set upon'a high bed ; the stepson aii on'a sofa by..the side of the bed. By some means the body fell upon the youth and killed him. Hence Buckley°' iinpromp -It -matters nothing,' said the_ other, gloomily. ' The shot, though 'fired' af' ran dom, hit theimark. 'It' fits my case, at any ratei' he'added,; with aaungh, 'as you shall ' ":I came' home :one :ight rather unex pectedly. I entered the little garden, un heard, unobserved. -. AListen,-standing beneath a great beech tree,' I saw her, my .wife, with a strangeri-a handsome man-younger, far younger than I. They were shameless, for they took no care to hide their endearments. His arm was around her waist.' He stooped and kissed her twice-once when he was so close that I could have stabbed him to the heart. a But I held back that impulse, though my fingers closed upon the sheath knife. I carried-for I had been boating, 'I waited, and while I waited, I suffered an eternity of agony. My heart went. out tomy wife. I loved her, and I thought. despite this damning evidence, that. she had some.loe. for. me. What then was to be, done I Standing concealed, I looked at them,.' In his. face I reacdindomitable will power;. in, hers the tenderest affection. Could I battle against thisl Could 1 hope to sepa rate these hearts ; to break down the passion which I saw--oh, God ! how clearly-ex isted between them I No. There was then but one way-the way my heart hungered for; the way that every throb and pulsation of my being suggested as the right way. Is there a devilI 'an it be possible that the stories of the priests are true ; and that the Spirit of Eyil surrounds us in such.moments of dire tempta .tions. as that I speak of I If so-but there 'tis.fruitless to speculate. Let me own, sir, I killed the man. Aye, shrink from me, for on these hands-he held them forth with passionate gesture-is. the stain of blood. What now 4 Was it well to save my life,, to rescue from. certain death a man who had forfeited all claim to.life ? Yes, I killed him. I waited until they parted. ie kissed her as they did so, and stroked her hair. How fierce. was the joy that filled me when I -watohiod.hi1:.eoross3:the'iawn, sm6ioikig-ai cgar, as lithe, and brave, and manly, as yourself-- t you might have been his brother, so like'you are to him. Yes, very like.' Again he checked his speech, and gazed wistfully upon the, younger man's face. The latter's eyes were turned in the direc tion of the lake, and he did not note. the other's yearning look. Presently the man proceeded: 'I followed the man, silently, and un obserived. He made for the cliff which over hung the sea. Arrived at its summit, he Sstood for a few moments and looked abroad Sacross the ocean. It was calm; all nature seemed to sleep; the more my passion raged sand stormed within my heart., He eturned, and then we stood, face to face. He must have read my purpose in my eyes. But he was taken by surprise and scarce re sisted. In a minute-silently, swiftly, se icretly, aye ! quietly-it was dolne. Over the cliff I hurled him, a hundred feet and more, into the sea. Then-ah heaven ! ,..then-I would have given my life forliis.' But it was too late. The deed was done, and thereafter 'I must carry with me the burden of my sin. Sir, I turned to regain the house. God I how can. I tell it. Not a rod frori me stood my wife;her face white and drawni; her eyes fixed and staring; her lips vainly striv ing to utter words which would not come. I had planned a secret vengeance--AND. SHE HAD SEEN IT L. At once I led. I did not dare to look upon her, or to speak. Away I hurried, nor paused in my wild flight until thousands of milis were put between us. I came here. Here I have remairied, alone -alone say I ! No, for the gui!tyare never aloie.' He groaned, and casting himself at length upop :the ,sward;, arid hid; his f.ce ipoi his arm.' ' i? could not ndiote.the compisioii, and withal content with whicitheother regarded o- o ome,"eaid the younger man, ' I also have a story to tell you. 1 say to tell:you, for as I proceed you will gather that it much concerns you.' ' Me 1' The man leaned upon his elbow and stared at the speaker. ' My name is Ashe,' said the latter-' Nay, hear me but.' I noted that yo~u gave:a: false name to iwy sister when you spoke of her- for, Edward WVayne, your wife is my only sister. With a' loud cry, the other leaped to his feet. : : ' You come for vengeance,' - he said wildly. ' Take it. The life you saved is yours, doubly yonurs.. "' Sit down, Wayne,'said the otheir quietly. 'I bring you peace, not vengeance.' Now SHe lit a cigar and went on. My pat?eits died wh" 'I :was buit very 'young. leaving also my sister-a mere baby -to my care. I was .well provided for, and 'during',.: my. younger' days. lived under my uncle's. roof. :My little sister grew up with me, my companion always,. I her faithful companion aind guardian. When, my. uhele died, l!eavring me. the property, she was a child of twelve; I a youth of, twenty.: My -sister grew up to -'be thed: beautiful, sweet creature you knew- her ;"Dn't inter-. ,:i_-piease, for 'the letter had rniade a, e." '. .' _ .g lure" ah' to ' e'1"ak, sav t1hroulTiUt. ". 'Well, iefing fairly well off and uncon trolled, it,,s iinatiral that I should exercise° my :hospitjlity freely. Among the many friends I hJd made at college was one whom I loved r a brother. Handsome, accom plished,; bnrliant, he had appeared to me the embodimeiit of all that is noble and worthy in a man.t In this belief I had eagerly sught his society, and was-never- so happy as when -I had him as.my guest at: my, place in York shire; :whe'tl~ie hunting- add shooting were excellent At lastit camie topass, so closethe friend ship. grer between us, -:that--Arthur "Farrar became'alnio6st one of our family." I make no secret that I planned in my own mind, to make him really one of us by ties of marriage. I thouglt' that I should consiul the happiness of all were 1 to secure_this-man for my sis ter's husband. The other kept:his" dark sombre eyes fixed uponothespeaker....... .. SW~e1U,; h said,; ,go on.1. SGently, have patience. I sayl. desired to hivi hisimdarnin isti s's hiisbluid.'" With the crass'ignoranceofyouth, and a woman's heart, I told my sister so. I had thought' that she 'woltlWilh'iiglt-- hae -assented, and, when .se set aside theidea,-somewhat-coldly; as it-seemed, mhei~i 'oinsidelre'dtlaf this was' the manner:of mai~lens y, ho ve;r approached I by a pro'posal "of this kind from; other lips; than alover. :At any rate I did not doubt that .ar.rar c9gqd,4f?he;:wiliedb.;:win her love. To my joy one day be spoke of this himself; i toldtrme= he =had- grown- tifoIdv?l Maiy, and." asked me.to help. him. win--her. Igave him my, best wishes, and bade him make his suit hnns'elf;'issufied of rnissiipport. . SYou are her giardi~an,'.he said, ' and with yourhbelp and good offices, I have n doubt I, shall in -my prize.': ,'.Thenext day- he .left the Hall, alleging that.he had, been: alled sudd'enly to London Two days afterwards I receiv'ed'a letter from.. him,:referrinig to" 'r'cdnversation, and ask ing me to.renew myi?promise and- consent in' writing . I smiled, for; ;i judged -this to be th eagerness of a lover, hungry for.hope. I] answered him at once, informing' him that he. could rest, :eaay, and" promising that Mary should be his wife.: v'Well; 'sir," a week after this business called.,me tr, London.. Iknew but. little of the great modern, Babylon, .aud .wa as .ignp rant of the vice, the wickedness, the tempta- I tions, and the devil's snares which lie. within its'codipass as_ l, ittled child. ,Biitfieing. young, and flushed' .:with ,the curiosity of I youth, I readily "abidoined myself to the guidance of some college chums who. were reading for the bar, and who were glad enough,-as- they-said,, to -"enlighten-" myi mind byshowing me ' the ropes'.of London.' 'The ropes ' I never hear-that expression without a shudder. I will not dwell upon the scenes I witnessed, nor tell you hdw as the truth gradually dawned upon me, 1 be came aware of the evil which underlies the cant and pretence of civilization. My friends, hardened by their experiences, took that pleasure in educating me into their own knowledge which the mian of the world -by some subtle instinet, born, .of Satan fiiidt'iri ireaking'down the 'iTiocence of ig norance. ....... - 1 saw 'life," Wayne, life-or rather the death of life, for.' surely: vice ar d ? fulness kill all that.is ,virile and wholesome 'in man's nature. 1 was taken. to--the thousand and one haunts of fashionable infamy; the1 con cert hall, :the fast theatre, -the dancing:saloon, the places of he abandoned, the gainiblinig hells. And hark ye-wherever 1 found the foulest ulcer existent,, there 1 discovered Arthuir Farrar. .1 do.ijot say thatI- always : saw him there.. 1 saw him but: seldom,: and I ihanaged'td avoid encounter. But 1 heard of hii;n ' the ' fastest of the fast.' 1 heard men speak of him as a .'past master' in debauchery.: I' "heard paiited women refer to him in termislthat made my blood run cold, and-my-heart stand stili as 1 realised that to tliis'wretch 1 had prbnimised my sweet sister.'.' ' " And.1 ,.heard. too-mark this-that he had boasted of his cdnoque'st of the girl 'that he had vaunted he held me_ (a simpleton) as a kind:of villirig slave, who believedil inliim as a species. ofdemnii-god, gnd had:rio n:otion of the real life he.had.led;and still wo4ead 1 returned home.. 1 found my sister changed-sad, depressed. 1 asked .her the cause. ,With tender re proaches, she told me'that during my absence IMr Farrar rhad run :down from London, sought an interview, and :asked her hand in marriage. She had refused him. Then he produced iy- letter,; and with sinister elo quence urged that my-promise had been ac cepted by him as :equivalent-to° her cbdonsent. At this, she yielded, so far as' to say that, supported as he was by' my preference, she would reconsider her refusal.. - 1 made up my mind, instantly. An old tutor of mine was living in?a remote county, vicar of a small ar!ish _._. : :"-To hiil'-s1ent nmy sister. 1 gae he: r 'no I reason save' this,: thit 1 desired to break off all associatibn with' Farrar,:and she, too glad to aid me, asked ino further questions; but 1 thinkahe knew :tihat 1 had discovered. the Itrue character of the man--a .krwiledge which her suatle iwoma's instinct had given her from the first. - So determined was 1 that this man should not kkoi~vof ;Eary's retreat that 1 arrariged we should not' wirit to eaicl( other, ltst by bribheor4 tricl.ie mi ight itrace whither she had gone. This settled, 1 felt easier - Then 1 wrote.to Farrir,-and told him what 1 knew of:hi1,aii'd that henceforth we were strangers. . Threed4gys ift??wards, 1,.received ia tele gram-' Come :toi' 'i;n lying --FalunR,' with; the -address of his chamber. - \- After. a few .moments of hesitation;i I obeyed the'stiminxons. I found Faria': vas indeed-in a- sad. ase. He had been stabb;ed in some disteputable quarrel, and the sur geoncould d''fttle.fo?r him.'' ! Poor wretch-4-- As Llooked upon" his pale handsome face,-: now di-avir? ??y the liides of coming.dissolution I. forgot, his- treiaheif, his vics, lirsa faultcsI'remnembered.: oly .-y old giay d rdhilliant college 'hum, whoi I had almost worshipped.. : . Well, :he died, his haii f`rist cliipled in iine, iaiid with: my. beartieit fotfgi? s~fs. br~athed'into-his.eaf "t-ftei. thei funeral I .etuinedt' home and then telegraphed to Mary-1 1cquaiinting her.with, the facts, and tllinga I'" ing her imarriage to a goeft:c:a.i of the neighborhood, and pleading that she- had taken this step without acquainting me, be citus3 she was fearful lest Farrar might re gain his old ascendancy over me, and win me back to support him in his suit. This was wholly unforseen. I was very angry-none the less because it had been my own unskilful policy which had brought about this resultf. In umy anger I did not answer Mary's letter. 1 shut up the Hall, and'cooled myself by a run to Venice. I was too fond of my sister to cherish my resentment long. In about a month I re turned to England, and at once repaired to her address. There I found her happy in all things save in our estrangement. I learned the best news of you, and waited some time for your return. You saw us together on the lawn and beneath the beech tree. I cannot wonder that, charged as you were by the rumors you had heard--of Arthur, poor Farrar's vanity -your jealousy was aroused. But I do marvel that it should' not have occurred to you to seek an: explanation first, before at tempting the life of the man you supposed I t?e to be. " 'Oh !' sighed the other as he lay face to. the grass, 'you never loved as Idid.' .°Well n,' answered the other, 'and really i i it leads to 'such tempestuous tumults, my dear Wayne, I don't wish to. However, all's 1 well that ends well:' S' What !' almost shouted the other, ' can ' you; can Mary forgive me 1 It is impossible.' i 'I have been five years looking for you,' was, the quiet answer, ' and that, too, in obe dience to your wife. ' Find him, Ronald,' she said, 'though you have to seek him in every corner of the earth. Bring him home to me., Tell him my love has never wavered, and that 1 have taught his- son to.pray for and bless him.' He ceased;, and lighted another cigar, ainiulating a cool andd composed temper. But his eyes, as they fell upon the prostrate. form of- poor Wayne, and marked the con-. vulsions which shook his frame, were full of tears. There was silence for some time. Then said Ashe : ' Tell you what, Wayne. Ther&'s no place like Australia after all.. You shall go home for Mary and the boy, I will stay here and ' prepare a home for us all in this pleasant region. Surely we should learn to love the. spot w.hereupon we met, to exehango our I confessions and so earn happiness.' ' Aye!' said Wayne. 'though it were a desert such a spot would be sacred to me. - Be it as you say, Ashe Good bless, you. You have lifted woe from the heart of a man who longed for death, and given back happi ness and hope to one who had not believed in their existence.' 'Good,' said the other, 'and now I think it is about time we set about dinner.' 'No better appetiser tl'tn a light heart !' cried the elder emp, 'and I own I'm hungry. See, there is Jacko's signal.' A puff of slrlb4, and the faint echo of a gunshot signitied that Jacko impatiently awaited their return. They were soon within. the camp. ' Here,' cried Asho, will I build mine house; on this land shall I set mine habita tion.' And the promise was kept. If I have not n.med thle particular lake in Gippshlnd, on the banks of which my friends have settled, it is in consideration of their privacy. But if tie reader can tfind them out I have no doubt lhe will obtain ready cotlirnation of the truth of these 'Two Stories.' 