KILLING NO MUEDER. Tes! DJearly forty years have made no end of a difference in this country, as you know as well as I do-and let me tell you that is one of the greatest charms of colonial life-at least for us old fellows. We have the satisfaction of looking round us, and thinking, if we don't say it, " Well, I bad a share in making Australia what it is. " In the old countries change is so slow, and the foundation has been laid so long ago, that the individual loses himself, and is muddled up in the crowd. But here every one had elbow room, and could mostly find out the mark which he had himself made. Some of us made precious small marks. But, for all that, we were contented with them, and hardly took the trouble of regretting that they weren't bigger and deeper. I found myself up at Forest Creek in '54, with a few thousands of the rarest boys any country ever saw. Barring a few diggers from California, and a very small infusion of the " old hand" element, we were mostly youngsters from the old countries English, Irish, and Scots-and there wasn't a man of us who wasn't able to hold his own in a "rough and tumble" or a hard day's work at the bottom of the shaft with pick and shovel. Marty of the boys had been swells at home, and some of them had prepared for bush life in Oxford, Cambridge, and " Old Trinity. " Lord, how hard dig ging came to us at first! Hands blistered, and backs nearly broken in two I Ugh ! it was awful! But there was real grit there, boys ; and when the skin got hard, and the back began to feel more of a piece, the swells took to it kindly, and at any rate they never funked. I had a mate then, one of the best fellows the sun ever shone on. Poor Bob! Bob Mullen was his name. A big, stout, strong fellow-one of those men who get into your heart some way or other, and once thev are in never go out again. They take up their lodging there, boys, and tho tenancy is for just as long as the blessed old concern beats. It was a time which required true friends; and, to tell you the truth, I think that true friends have become scarcer since those days. But to my story. Our hut was built alongside the ereek. It wasn't quite such an elaborate affair as the house where we live now. But, at any rate, we had made it comfortable enough for " baching." Jfear us, however, there was a big family tent pitched one day as we came back from work; and Bob and I speculated as to who and what our neighbours were. Of course we weut over, and offered our assistance to the old man and his son when we saw them in a muddle, and in a short time we mad'* friends without much trouble on either side. And in that tent I met my fate. I'm too old now to hark back and tell you a love story, because, though the romance of love is all very well when a fellow ean stroke a fluffy moustache on his upper lip, it is not quite as appropriate when he scratches a grey pate. Mary G-ardiner was a woman made to be loved; aud I fell down and worshipped her. About a couple of months after this our luck was auything but good. We had sunk a shaft by the side of the creek, and it turned out "a rank duffer.'' JNeither of us was much of a money-grubber, and our reserve was uncommonly small. It was 110 joke living at that time without money or dust-things were so awfully dear. Even tucker cost a fellow no end of mon°y; and, though there vere open hands in plenty, and open hearts too, we weren't the men to " sponge." It was a blue lookout for a while, I can tell you. At last we decided to pros pect iu one of the northern gullies, and the next day we started out with pick, shovel, aud dish. Prospecting is a bit disheartening, unless you drop upon, something good. For two or three days we never saw " the colour," and we came home with our tails down to the ground. A t length our patience was rewarded. We happened to be eitting down, eatiug at our tucker on the hili looking down over Moonlight Plat, when Bob, as he was getting up, struck the point of the pick into the ground, and turned up a speck of about dwt. You ma.y take your Davy we weren't long setting to work on the spot, and before evening we had done a rare lot of sinking. We "went home with light hearts, and Mary gave us a welcome worth some thing when we brought her the news. Well, we worked hard, and lived hard, and our prospects grew pretty bright again. In fact, our claim promised to become a very rich one as, indeed, it turned out to be. Sunday on the diggings in the early fifties wasn't much like what it is in the latter eighties, I can tell you. It tras the day for washing and general tidying, for cards and nips of whisky and rum, and for general strolling about the grand old gum-trees which lined the sloping sides of the hills, and cast scanty shadows on the rich earth. Jfow, when you stroll out without any special object you insensibly incline to some place in which you have an interest; and so one Sunday Bob and I were out we turned in the direction of our claim. When we reached the rise of the hill we were astonished to hear a regular yabbering from the shaft; and when we approached twenty or thirty dirty Chinamen went off quietly on the opposite side. They were the first of the yellow rascals we i had seen about, and as ruffianly a lot they were as any man could wish to see in a day's travel. There was I especially one scowling brute, and, you may believe me or not, when this fel low turned to look at us I felt that strange shiver one feels now Mid then, and which we describe as some one walking over one's grave. " Blame their carcases," said Bob ; " what do the Deasts want here ?" We searched all rouud, and found our little property; and gradually I reasoned myself out of my fancy. A drop of ruin when we reached home, and afterwards a quiet " spoon" with Hilary, made me all right again; so that before another week the whole circumstances had dropped from my mind. In about a fortnight or so I took a stroll by myself on Sunday evening, and again found myself in the neighborhood of the claim. I may tell you we had bottomed on first-class stuff, and everything looked bright again. In fact, it had been decided thai when we tried the dirt and found it was equal to our expecta tions, Mary and I should go down to Melbourne and become man and wife -a nice little " prospect," which made me doubly anxious about the other " prospect." You can fancv then what I felt when, as I caine near, I saw the same dirty yellow mob vab bering away, a?id hauling up the stuif as fast as they could from the bottom of the shaft. Tou may be sure that I made at them with a good-sized black-thorn stick in my hand. They took to their heels. I was gathering tip the shovels and picks which were lying about, when I saw the same ugly looking fellow whom I had noticed before coming out of the shaft. I was as angry as a man could be, and deiermined to give him as good a thrashing as ever a yellow skin got in the world. The beggar pick in his hand, and the others were coming up again when they saw I was alone, tilings began to look shady. He let out with the pick, and luckily he only struck the shovel. Well, how it occurred I can scarcely tell you. The "whole thing was done quickly. But my shovel came down on the beggar's neck, and he fell as if he were shot, with the blood spurting out of one of the arteries like a pump. It is a queer feeling one has after seriously wounding another mortal. For a minute I believe I should have given my half of the claim if that fatal stroke had been undone. But it was done, and I had to make the best of it. The other fellows gathered round the wounded man, and after a while carried him off. Just then by chance a bobby marched up, and the upshot of it was that I found myself in the cam]) that beautiful Sunday evening chained to a log, and about the most down hearted man in Victoria. Of course both Mary and Bob came to see me ; and the stockade was surrounded by a few hundred diggers-most of them swearing vengeance against all the " Johns" in Australia. Gaols were primitive a'Tairs then. A prisoner was brought into the stockade - and with drunk and unlicensed diggers there was no scarcity of them-ai d. he was just hitched to a heavy log and left there. I can safely say that never before or since did I spend such a miserable night after the noise of the camp had ceased, and there was not a sound except the yelp of some cur, or the mournful cry of the curlew. I had often enough camped out with the saiv>e sounds all around me. But I hadn't killed a Chinaman, and my dreams were all about a huge river of blood getting higher and higher until it threatened to drown me. Well, the next morning the news came that Ah Ilooey was dead; and the news did not make my position am thing pleasanter. I must tell you that at that time the relations between the authorities and the diggers were anything but cordial. The tyranny to which miners had to submit wasn't calculated to make and k«ep them loval; and veu know that the Ballarat men actually took up arm* to fight nirainst it. The Police Magistrate at the Creek at that time was one of those fellows who took a delight in doing their duty as harshly as they possibly can -. and he was us well hated by the diggers as be deserved to be be. A lid that is saying much. He liad to make an euquiry about tlie Chinaman's death; and he thought it a good opportunity of having a shy at one of the bated diggers. A jury was got together, and it gave in a verdict of " Death through misadventure." The foreman of the jury was a graduate of Cambridge ; and the "misadventure" part of the verdict was laid down to him; and, I understand, quite cor rectly. JSTow, such a verdict would have justified the P.M. in setting me free ; but that wasn't his opinion. I was brought back to the logs, under the pretence that instructions had to be waited for from Melbourne; and another night of horror was before me. My darling Mary and my chum, al most equally dear, did all they could to console me. But I was as blue as blue could be; and they at last went off, Bob saying that be should see whether anything could be done. Now, there was hardly a man in the whole camp, with the exception of the P.M., whose sympathies were not entirely with me. Both the police and soldiers did what they could to make my position easier, but the prospect of sticking tied to a log until instructions could be received from Melbourne, andafterwards having to stand one's trial perhaps for murder, was anything but pleasant for some 25 years of age; and, I can tell you, I hadn't much hope of anything better turning up. Well, my friend Bob had an acquaintance in the police. He was a friend of mine, too. And how they concocted between them I don't know. But that night Bob got over the stockade fence, and my tackle was loose in a short time. We didn't stop to swap knives then, you may bet your Isst half-crown. The sentinel was blind for the minute, and we were over the sticks in a twinkling. The soldier fired when he caught sight of us, but I am sure that he had no in tention of hitting. After one kiss, from Mary we were away, and got safe through the bush across Mount A1 exanaer. I needn't tell you of other adventures we had at the various " rushes." We worked through several, some times with good luck and sometimes with bad. At last we went to Ballarat, and there I lost my dear friend. Bob was going past a shaft one dav, when he learned that it had fallen "in, and, like the brave fallow he was, he was the first to go down to the help of the men buried beneath the earth. Poor fellow, he had scarcely reached the bottom when another mass fell and pinned him down. I happened to be going down what is now called Bridge street when I saw the litter on which they were bringing him to the hospital. When he saw me his eyes brightened up, and the awful film for a moment cleared away. " Kiss me. Jack," he whispered; and with that last kiss poor Bob pa.»sed away. Ay, bovs, it was hard-wasn't it P How hard it was no one hut myself will ever know. Well. I prospered in Ballarat. I lost no time in sending for Mary, and we were married. How happv we have been you can learn from herself, and she deserved all the happiness I could give her. But 1 haven't told you the most curious part of the whole business - which makes the storv "orth telling. I never cared about thinking of Forest Creek. There was very little of a row kicked up over my escape, for people cared precious little about a confounded Chinese, and I don't suppose if I had gone back in a couple ot mouths that a single word would have been said to me, as my friend the P.M. had been removed. Still I couldn't like the place somehow, and I never could get along with the chaff of my mates about " Who killed the Johnny ?"' and all that sort of s*uff. After some years, however, I heard of a good opening for investment at the Creek, and after considerable mental debate I dee.mined to make a visit. 1 What changes had been made. I should scarcely have known the place j and I had considerable difficulty in even making out the old landmarks. One day I was lounging at the hotel door when I noticed a Chinaman com ing down the street with a pair of bas kets swung on the ea::e. lie had a peculiar twist in his neck ; but his face had been impressed too vividly on my memory for me io forget it. Tt was my Chinaman and no other. They are so confoundedly like each other that, as a general rule, it is hard to dis tinguish them apart. But, as I have seen the fellow in my dreams on an ! average twice a fortnight or so, I couid not be mistaken if any one else could. There he was, or his ghost: and ghosts are not given to oa^rving panniers. It might be a twin brother^ to be sure ; 'but it was too much to expect that any two would be so in- 1 fernally ugly." I thought. too. that when he caught my eye the fellow looked surprised; and at any rate I was determined to satisfy mrself about it before I left the place. Now China men, as a rule, are not much regarded j by white folk, and unless that they are dirty devils, and would live where a European would starve, we know little abont ihem. The police are the exceptions, and I wasn't long iu getting Sergeant Fronde to give me his assistance. The str^eanr was one of those cute customers who *o useful in the force, and who keep a sharp eye on all the pretty fellows who might require attention. He at ' once spotted my man, and knew him under the name of Lee Hoopy. But, j ot course, whether he was Lee or A h I the sergeant could not tell, as he had ; only been a short time stationed at the j Creek, and knew nothing about the j '* misadventure " until I told him. Some of you may think it strange that j J took such a lot of trouble ;.but I can tell you when you kill a man- even a Chinaman-it leaves a queer feeling after it; and. if possible, I wanted to get rid of the feeling. The sergeant was a brick. Lee Hooey was no creditable member of society, even in the Chinese Ci.m;); and the police had him under their thumb. By dint of threats, and also by the coaxing of a few of my nuggets, he was induced to confess the whole affair ; and when I heard the story I was blessed nearly finishing the job there and then. Lord, how mad I was-when I thought of all the trouble we had, when I thought of the worry and remorse (undeserved though it was), when I thought of poor Bob and his last on earth. To tell you the truth, if I could have finished him oil* I believe it would have been a thorough relief. Tt seems that they had carried him off, and cured him themselves. It was a nasty crack. There was no doubtabout it. And, as one of the mob died the evening before, they manufactured the corpse for the occassion. I don't sup pose it was a pleasant thing for either the police, the Magistrate, or the Jury. So the examination was of the shortest, and no one suspected any trick. The blackguards bad a double string to their bow-a bit of revenge they had on one side-and as Ave were driven off the ground they had the reversion of our claim. A splendid claim it turned out to be; and inany's the good solid ounce of our gold that fouud its way to the Flowery Land. That's the story, boys ; and you may judge whether I am likely to have much love for the yellow plague which we have with us much against our will. SPERO MELIOEA, in Town and Country. " Buchc-PAIBA."-Q.uick, complete cure all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists and druggists. F. H. Faulding & Co., Agents, Adelaide. We are requeate 1 by the father of a large family to 6i,ate thiit the fashionable Easter bon:i< i this year will be the one of last year in orsr and generally fixed up. 