THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. Mr. Warner produced " Hamlet"- at the Theatre Royal last, night. The houso was crowded in sveryipar.t, and the vico-rogal | box was occupied by His ExccUsnoy the Governor, Lady Carrington, and suite. ' A ; considerable amount of intoreat attached to Mr. Warner's Hamlet ; in tho first place, : becausoof the high reputation which -the. action possesses, and in the second because ' it was known that in his study of the part : he had introduced one or two innovations which tended in a great measure to heighten the effect of the performance. One grows so accustomed to Hamlets— for what actor is there who is not prepared to ' give hiB own idea of the character if ho can but succeed in securing a puMic suffi ciently good-natured to endure it? — that one is inclined to accept anything, pro vided that, a reasonable estimate of tho character bo formed, and an intelligent reading be given. ButMr. Warner's Ham let must be placed on a higher level than this. It is not only an intelligent reading, of the part ; it is tho performance one of who has evidently made it a deep study. In Mr. Warner's interpretation you can realise that indecision of chnracter, that weakness of will, that combination ' of intellectual and moral cowardice which in the case of Hamlet stepped between biniBelf and tho duty which lie believed ho was destined to peiform — tho revongo of his father's, murder. Hamlet is brought to the level of a human being, and talks and acts like a human being. It was in Bome of the lighter touches that Mr. Warner was tho meet successful. In his interview with Polcnius and in the sarcastic passages with Kosoncrantz and Q-uildenstern, this was seen in a marked degree. But in the play scene, and again in tho interview with his mcthcr, ho rose to a height of pneeion and power which seemed to hold the audience almost spellbound. The advice to the player was given to the first player alone in a front scene, preparatory to the performance cf the play. The inno vation, if somewhat unconventional, was nevertheless effective, for it served to indi- cute the true motive of tho play. Mr. Warner, received excellent Bupport. M r. Fleming was a very satisfactory Horatio, and Mr. West a dignified King. Tho GhoBt of Mr. Vincent was exceptionally good, and the sepulchral tones of the voice and the heavy, measured utterance, harmonised thoroughly with the character. His costume, which was an unusually fine one, with the coloured light thrown upon It, preserved the illusion admir ably. Mr. Vincent doubled the Ghost with the First Actor. Tho Folonius of Mr. Palmer was a meritorious repre sentation of a court philosopher, verging on the confines of garrulity, and Mr. Gerald was a very fair Laertes. Mr" Duff gave commendable prominence to what is usually made the colourless part of Osric. The Ophelia of Miss Morris was a praiseworthy attempt to cope with a diffi cult character. Miss Jenny Watt- Tanner lilted the part of the Queen out of the region of the commonplace, and the other characters were all satisfactorily taken. The stage effects were most com plete, and the piece went without a hitch. " Hamlet" will be repeated to-night. Another of thoBe pleasant entertain ments, arranged by Mr. Perry, took place last night in the Temperance Hall before a large and fashionable attendance. Mr. Perry prebided, and Madam e&oddon; ac companied the singers in her UBual fault less style. Mr. Smith sang in character " Moriarty," and had to respond with a recitation. Miss Geaghan then sang very sweetly " Erin my Country ; " Mr. E. Baker followed with a specialty and elicited loud applause. Little Eva Murray appeared and Bang in character " Gut. in tho Cold," and fairly captivated tli- > ' -'i'.-uce. Messrs. Hayes and Holmes ci > i uted a double specialty, and elicited hi" . | j obtuse ; the "Hallelujah Band," by i'i ofeesor Godden, caused much merri ment ; Miss Watson sang " Children of Your Own" very nicely; Mr. Gibb Bang "The Old Abbey Ruins," and had to comply with " Little Darling Dream of me," Miss Smith sang " My Nelly's Blue Eyes " very nicely, Mr. Dover sang in character "Tobias and Biancas" and was encored, Messrs. Puis- ; ford and Montgomery then played some ' excellent selections on the English : concertina; Mr. Creed followed with a capital song " Wedding Bells" and elicir.nd loud applause, Mr. . Symes s>un;, v-ry creditably " The Bold Militia Boy." L'no concert was brought to a conclusion at ten o'clock with the National Anthem. 