THE MILHAM CHILDREN'S TRAMP. By R. H. STEARNS. When Lizzie Milham came home from school one day, she brought her mother a letter with a strange postmark. But, indeed, any letter at all was finch a novelty to the family in the little brown house that they all gathered round Mrs. Milham as she looked it all over on the outside, with many speculations as to whom it had come from, and at last cut away the end of the envelope and drew it forth " Read it out, read it out, mamma!" chorused the three excited children ; and so their mother began, slowly and wonderingly : "' Blue Corners, August 8,18— Respected Niece Betsy' (Who on earth can it be from ?)—' This is to inform you that my late housekeeper, Cynthia Brown, departed this life three weeks last Wednesday. Being in sore need of some one to fill her place, and hearing from mutual friends that you were in reduced circumstances, I would be pleased to visit you next week—Saturday, if Agreeable —and see if satisfactory arrangements can be made between us. I hear that you have three children, but hope to be able to endure them, unless too noisy and rude. Respectfully yours. "'HARWOOD PATTERSON.' " Well, of all things ?" said Mrs. Milham, as she came to the end of the page; " this really looks like a special providence!" " Who is it, mamma ? What does he want ?" cried the children, wild with curiosity as their mother sat back in her chair, deep in thought. It did seem as if these children, with their bright, earnest faces and affectionate ways, would be anything but a drawback to any one's happiness. Yet it was with much misgiving that Mrs. Milham at present surveyed them and meditated upon the effect of their entrance into Mr. Harwood Patterson's peculiar household establishment. " Who is it, children ? Why, it is your great-uncle Patterson, your father's uncle, that lives in Blue Corners, up North. He's an old bachelor, rich, but very queer. He has always lived all alone, with nobody but a housekeeper, in a great big house. I never saw him but just once—right after your father and 1 were married. He seemed then to take quite a fancy to me ; talked to me more than he was accustomed, folks said. So now his old housekeeper is dead, and he wants me to go to live with him and keep house for him ! And it all depends on whether he takes a notion to you, children. He is coming to see us next week. Will you be very quiet and lady-like and good-natured, so that he will be willing to have you go back home with him?" O, yes, yes!"' cried the children. " We'll be awful dood," said Bess, the youngest, "I guess you'd better look out for yourself, Miss Bess," said Carry. " I guess if you get one of your naughty screaming spells, Uncle Patterson will leave you behind." " He won't neither," retorted Bess. But these symptoms of an outbreak were quickly dispelled by Mrs. Milham. " There, there! What a bad way to begin ! Carry, don't you tease Bess about that, now. All of you had better keep practising to be quiet and good all the week, so that you'll be perfect in it next Saturday." It did seem a providence that this letter came just at the time it did to this family. Mrs. Milham was a widow with these three little girls ; the oldest eleven years old, the youngest four. For two years she had been struggling on, trying to make both ends meet— to pay her rent and bring up her children respectably. But it was a hard fight with these three hungry mouths to feed and these growing bodies to clothe, and the outlook for the coming fall and winter was very discouraging. Warm clothes were yet to be bought, and woodshed and potato bin to be filled, and it was hard to lay by anything from the small wages that she was able to earn by her daily work. And now there was a chance for an easy and respectable situation where her children might be warmed and fed and clothed and get a good education ! And yet, from what she knew and had heard of this old uncle, all depended on the way in which he might be first impressed by those children. They were, plainly, the only doubtful point in his mind. "But I'll never give them up." said Mrs.Milham to herself. " I'll starve myself first, and uncle Patterson can keep house for himself. But, oh ! if I can, only get them to keep quiet and not offend him ! It's the first time, really, that I ever wished they didn't have quite so much life in them. Goodness only knows what they won't take it into their heads to do and say ! Well, I suppose I can trust the Lord to do what's right, and needn't worry too much about it. We've been cared for thus far, and we will be still." In the meantime the children, in a state of great jubilation, were discussing the wonderful prospect which had so suddenly opened before them. To go and live in Blue Corners—a very metropolis compared with their little village—to live in a big house with a rich uncle—what more in life was left to be desired ? "It's like a fairy story,"said Lizzie. "Don't you know how the fairy godmother came to Cinderella and changed her old dirty clothes to a silk dress, and gave her the glass slippers, and took her off to the ball ? I always thought something of that kind was going to happen to us." Lizzie was a great reader of stories, and very fond of day-dreaming. " Will Uncle Paterson give us silk dresses ?" asked Carry. " I shouldn't wonder," answered Lizzy, confidently. " I think he will take a great fancy to us—we'll behave so ladylike, you know—and just give us lots of things, most anything we want." "I'm doin' to make him dive me a set o' dishes," struck in Bess," 'nd a white silk dwess, and a gween pawasol, 'nd—" " He won't give you anything, Bess Milham," said Carry, " if you don't have a cleaner face when he comes than you've got now." " He will, too," replied Bess in a high key. " If you. two don't stop quarrelling, he surely won't like, either of you," said their mother, looking in the door at this moment/ "Don't get your ideas too high up, children." she went on:"but, to be sure, Uncle Patterson has got a nice house, and a big barn, and cows and chickens and horses, and we shall live in clover, if he makes up his mind to have us. So, if you want to go, remember you must all behave so like little ladies when he first comes that he'll say to himself ' Those children won't be any trouble to me; I'd rather have them than not.''' "We surely will, mamma,'' said all three little girls; and indeed, they meant it. That was a very long week, but the eventful day came at last. Saturday dawned clear and dry and warm. There was no danger lest Uncle Patterson should change his mind on account of the weather. They might expect him by the stage, he had written. The stage came by at five o'clock in the afternoon. He would stay all night, of course. So Mrs. Milham had been giving their one little spare room an extra cleaning and arranging. A natural good taste and skill at needlework had made the room, even with its old fashioned furniture and white walls, very attractive. The bed-spread and pillow-cases and towels were spot- less. To a man who had any eyes to observe, everything in the room was the strongest recommendation of the housekeeping abilities of the one who had made it ready. There was, of course, to be something a little extra for supper. Bess had gone so far as to suggest frosted cake, but the others were not so daring. The children were thoroughly drilled and posted as to all their duties, and had made most solemn resolutions to observe all the good old rules about being seen and not heard, not speaking unless spoken to, and so forth. Nothing should be found in their words or actions that the most precise and critical of uncles could find fault with. Lizzy had been out to the village for something that morning and when she came back she had news to tell that almost drove their own great event out of their minds. " Oh, mamma, what do you think ?" she cried, running in breathless. " Now, last night there was a horrid old tramp came to Deacon Johnson's, and no body but Mrs. Johnson was home, and he was awful ugly. He made her give him some supper, and then he wanted some money, and said he'd knock her down if she didn't give it to him—and only that Deacon Johnson came home and chased him off with a horse-whip, she thinks he'd have killed her. And he hasn't been caught yet, though some men from the city have been after him." " Mercy on us !" said Mrs. Milham. " If there is one thing I'm afraid of, it's a tramp. I hope to goodness he won't wander out here. I don't know what we should do." " He'll take Bet first," suggested the everready Carry. " She's so fat he can eat her if he's hungry." ' No, he won't, neither," roared Bess, and burst into an agonized wail at the prospect. People said that Carry's nose was badly put out of joint when Bess came, and that she never got over being a little jealous of her. Certainly there never was a very long peace between them. " Why ! why !" said Mrs. Milham.. " There, Bess, nobody is going to touch you ! Carrie, I'd be ashamed to tease her so! Just think, you two quarreling, and Uncle Patterson coming only this evening!" This was enough. The two combatants subsided, and the tramp alarm was swept out of the children's mind. Afternoon came, and it got to be three o'clock, Never had the hours seemed to move so slowly to the little girls. Their clean, white dresses lay on the bed in their mother's room, reserved to be put on at the last moment, so that by no mishap could a speck of dirt soil them. Playing was almost out of the question. They could only watch the clock and long for the time to hurry on. " Well, I declare," exclaimed their mother, hurrying suddenly out of the closet," if I didn't forget to tell you to get sugar this morning, Lizzy ! There isn't a grain in the house, I do believe. Here, you run down to the village—no, I can go down quicker myself. There'll be plenty of time before the stage comes." She hastily put on her sun bonnet, but just as she was going out the door an uncomfortable recollection crossed her mind. " That tramp—what if he should come here while I am away !" She turned to the children. " Lizzy," she said," I want you to be very careful while I am gone to keep the door shut and locked. Don't let anybody in unless it is one of the neighbours. If any strange man should come, looking like that tramp, and knock, keep quiet and don't pay any attention, so that he'll think there's no one at home and go away.' The caution was enough. The children's faces grow scared and their eyes large at the suggestion. They had come to think of a tramp as an awful being combining the worst qualities of the ghost, the lion, and the ogre of the fairy stories—a creature whose very least offence was devouring children alive. There was no danger of their not keeping,their promise to be careful in this matter. Their mother went away, and Lizzie immediately locked and bolted the door, shut all the blinds, and fastened the windows. They even talked in low tones for a time, lest the horrible tramp should be somewhere lying in wait and should hear them, until Carry could not resist the temptation to tell Bess, who was sitting by the wood-box, that a great long arm was reaching out of it to grab her ! The shriek with which she greeted this announcement and the commotion that ensued in getting her quieted rather broke the spell of alarm, and they soon began to play together more naturally than they had all day. But Bess and Carry could not long agree, and, despite all Lizzy's attempts to quiet them, they soon squabbled more vigorously than they had for a week past. In despair, Lizzy longed for her mother's return. In vain she reminded them of Uncle Patterson's displeasure ; for the time even that had lost its terrors. The hand of the clock moved on to four. By that time Carry had got Bess's doll and was standing on a chair holding it above her head; while Bess belaboured her as high as she could reach, and in the utmost wrath tried to pull her down by the dress. Lizzie was almost distracted between them. " Ah ha, Bess Milham," cried Carry, in her most aggravating tone, " I wish Uncle Patterson could see you now. Wouldn't he think you was a nice, ladylike little girl !" " I don't care," screamed Bess, resisting all Lizzy's efforts to pacify her. "I wish an old tramp would come and carry you off. I do—" At this moment the front gate clicked, " There !". said Lizzy, "there's mamma coming back, and I'm glad of it." She ran to the window and peeped through the blinds, but ran back in a moment with a white face and cried in a trembling whisper, "Oh, no, it isn't— it's the tramp!" it's the tramp !" And at that moment there came a thundering knock at the door. The children stared at one another in silent terror for a moment, and then Carry began to cry. "I don't care, Bess," she whimpered. " It's your fault, yon went and wished he'd come." And for once in her life Bess was too frightened to resent the charge. But Lizzy's courage rose to the occasion. Hush, hush, children!" she said in a whisper. Don't say a word, and he won't know we're here. He can't get in, and mamma will soon be home. Let him knock. The blinds and windows are all locked, and perhaps he'll go away when he finds he can't get in. Come, let's get under the table here and pull the cover down, and then he can't see me even if he does look in." They hurriedly crawled into their hiding place,and sat in a silent, trembling heap, while the knock the door was repeated once or twice, and then a deep, gruff voice called, " Hi ! halloo ! is anybody home?" 'No!" piped Bess from under the table, in a very shaky tone, "Hush, Bess Milham!" said Lizzie. She was evidently not heard, for the strange man knocked again as if he would beat in the door, and they heard him say, " I must get in somehow; this sun is too hot for me out here." Then one of the window blinds turned, and they saw the horrible monster looking in. He was rather an elderly man, with a brown, hard-featured face, iron-gray hair, and a very grim and decided-looking mouth. He wore an old, faded coat and vest, and had on his head a high beaver hat of the style of forty years ago. It was set well down over his ears, as if it were a little too large for him. He gazed into the room intently, but could not see the children peering fearfully at him through a hole in the table-cloth which hung over them. He muttered something to himself and shook, the blinds, but they were fast. Then they heard him go around the house, trying one window after another, but they all resisted his efforts. Then all was silent for a few moments. "I guess he's gone away," whispered Lizzy. But hardly had the words been spoken when there come an awful sound from the pantry—the sound of a window being raised ! And at that moment it flashed over Lizzy's mind that there was no fastening to the pantry window—and, in fact, that she had forgotten it altogether. The tramp had found that one undefended point; he was getting in through the window! What should they do ? Should they unlock the front door and run ? No, those bolts were hard to move, and the man would be in before they could get out , and, besides, he could easily catch them. There was but one thing to do, and, in a spirit of genuine heroism, Lizzy determined upon it in an instant. "Carry," she cried, "the tramp is getting in at the window ! You take Bess and open the front door and run, and I'll keep him back till you get a way,"and so saying, she scrambled out from under the table, caught up the nearest available weapon, which happened to be the best broom, and rushed into the pantry. Did Carry and Bess follow out her directions ? Not exactly ! They did indeed follow her out from under the table, but got no further than the middle of the floor, where they stood hand in hand, making the rafters ring with their screams. But their dauntless champion, when she threw open the pantry door, found her worst fears realized. The strange man had indeed got the window raised, and was on his way in. He had pitched an old-fashioned carpet sack and a large faded umbrella through before him, and had then himself climbed, laboriously and rheumatically up through the window. At the moment when Lizzy arrived on the scene he had, in fact, got his knees and hands together, on the sill, and, in that critical attitude, looked up at her with immense surprise and the dawning of a grin on his face, as she burst in upon him with her weapon brandished. For the fraction of a second they faced one another thus. But Lizzy did not stop for question or parley. With one scream that would have done credit to a Comanche Indian, she lifted her broom, and brought it down on the top of the ancient beaver with a whack that sent the hat not only down over it's owner's eyes and ears, but over his nose as well, and even over his mouth! Her victim gave one protesting roar as his extinguisher came down over him, but his subsequent outcries were muffled and buried in his hat. He lifted one hand to try to pull it off, but, in so doing, grew unsteady on the window sill, and aided by a second blow from the broom, fairly lost his balance and toppled over in a struggling, heap, but, unfortunately, not on the ground outside, but inside on the pantry floor. At this unforeseen disaster, even Lizzy's courage failed her. She dropped her broom and fled to unbolt the front door. The two children in the kitchen set up a louder scream, if possible, at the sound of the tumble in the pantry. The unfortunate intruder grunted and groaned, and, writhing into a sitting position, tugged at the hat, which stuck to him as if he had been melted and run into it. " For goodness gracious sake," cried Mrs. Milham voice, as she hurried up the front walk, " what is going on here !" A scream from all three children as they rushed to her for protection was her only answer, but, looking in at the open pantry door, she saw a remarkable sight. There sat the strange man on the floor. He had at length succeeded, not in getting the hat back over his nose, bodily, but in tearing the stiff brim from the upper part, and freeing his mouth so as to get a breath of air. Fiery, red in the face with the exertion and suffocation, his short gray hair standing up all over his head, his eyes dilated with amazement and indig- nation, the rim of his hat hanging round his neck like an old-fashioned ruff—he was a sight to frighten any one. And yet it was something different from fear which made Mrs.; Milham start back and then stand as if she were paralyzed, staring at the stranger. "Good landy compassion!" she gasped, "Uncle Patterson!" The children stopped their screaming and gazed from her to the tramp, uncertain. Lizzy was the first to realize the situation, and to see what she had gone. This was no tramp ! This was the very uncle on-whose coming they had been counting so long, and whom they were going to receive in such a polite and lady- like way ! This was the rich uncle who had come meaning to take them home with him to "live in clover," and this was the way she had welcomed him ! All the lofty castles in the air which she had been building during the past week were shattered to pieces and tumbled to the ground, so to speak, by the blow of a broom. It was too dreadful. She cast one despairing glance at the wrecked hat and the red face, and then sobbing out " Oh, mamma, I thought he was the tramp ! I thought he was the tra-a-mp !" buried her own face in her mother's dress, and cried as if her heart would break. The other children joined in the chorus, Bess loudest of all, and it seemed as if Bedlam had broken loose to the distracted Mrs. Milham. She finally got voice enough back to begin, "Well, really, Uncle Patterson, I don't know how to apol—" but at this point she was interrupted by a new demon- stration on the part Of their peculiar guest. At Lizzy's cry "I thought he was a tramp," his angry and surprised expression had changed to a grin—a new light seemed slowly to dawn on them. and finally he broke in upon Mrs. Milham's confused excuses with a remendous " Ha ! ha! ha!" that fairly shook the little house. Even Lizzy stopped crying in wonder at the sound. The old man's amusement was irresistable; even Mrs. Milham, in all her mortification, could not help joining in. The children began to think it all very funny shen their mother would laugh, and made almost as much noise this way as they had before in their alarm. At last Uncle Patterson gathered himself up slowly from the floor, and said: "Don't ye say another word, Betsy! don't ye say another word, Betsy! don't ye say another word! Thought I was tramp, did she? Haw! haw! Never mind, little gal, ye've got right good spunk, and I like spunk wherever I see it. Goin' to knock me on the head, was she? Haw! haw! Never mind, don't ye cry; served me right for coming in on ye that way! And there ain't no harm done, except to the hat, and I guess it won't do me no harm to get a new one, anyway. 'Ye see, Betsy," he went on, taking a chair in the kitchen, "I got a chance to ride over with one of your neighbours by the name of Johnson, and walked over from his house. 'Thought I'd save the stage the trouble. But when I got here it was so hot that it seemed as if I must git in somewhere or roast. So, thinkin' nobody was to home, I made free to climb in your window, but I got caught in my burglarizin'"—here he looked with a twinkling eye at Lizzy, who hid her face—" and good enough for me!" What a merry time they had together that evening. Their peculiar introduction took away all stiffness be- tween them. The children played about in their usual way, and Mr. Harwood Patterson softened and warmed to them to a degree that astonished even himself. And at last, when Carry and Bess had gone to bed, and he and Mrs. Milham and Lizzy sat in the moonlight to- gether, he said: "Wa'al, Betsy, I guess we might as well settle it about your comin to live with me before we sleep. If you're agreeable, I am. Really, I don't see how I've got along without your company so far. And I hain't the least objection to the children. The other two is nice little gals, but I want Lizzy here very especial, Because, ya see, when she's around everything'll be all safe. At least I can be sure that there won't never be any danger from tramps !"—Christian Union. 