GLADSTONE MINSTRELS. On Friday evening last 17th inst. the Gladstone Minstrels made their second appearance in the Institute Hall Gladstone in aid of the local cricket club. There was a good attendance. Mr A. Clark as musical director may be compli- mented on the way in which the choruses were rendered. Mr Geyer was the pianist, and we understand that the whole of the music for the Orchestra was scored by him. The success of the jokes by the corner men (Messrs Smith and Southcombe) depends I a good deal on the smart ness of the interlocutor, which position Mr Maley . admirably filled. The first part of the pro gramme consisted of the following songs &c.; : — Overture, "En Avant," Orchestra; Opening Chorus, "The Darkies Wedding," Company; Song, "Angel Nina," Miss Ada Marriott ; Comic Refrain, " Razors in the Air," Mr F. C. Smith; Song, " The Pirates Doom," Mr G. C. Driffield ; Song, " Again we Sneak as we Pass bv," Miss Stewart ; Song. " Still I Love Thee," Mr S. E. Evans : Comic Refrain. " On the Job." Mr C: D. Southcombe ; Song. "Barney Take me Home Again," Miss Mabel Gardner. Messrs Smith and Evans and Miss Gardner responded to imperative encores. Mr Smith's song which bristled with local allusions especially " fetch ing" the audience. Misses Stewart and Marriott and Mr Driffield were in good voice and their vocalization was vociferously applauded. After the interval and selections by the Gladstone Quartette . Mr . S. E. Evans of Jamestown fairly brought down the house by his rendering of the " Whistling Song" and the audience insisted upon a triple encore, to which he responded by giving "My Wife's Mother." He subsequently appeared in his character sketch " The Frenchman" whioh was warmly applauded and paid his usual penalty by singing " Will you lend my mother a Saucepan. The musical sketch " Don't leave the old folks" by Messrs Smith, Cobb, Featherstone, Driffield, Southcombe and Clark was well received and the duet " I would that my love" by Misses Gardner and Stewart was rendered with much taste, Mr Smith next appearsd in his "Banjoistic Effu sions" and. was enthusiastically recalled. Miss Ada Marriott rendered "Robin Adair" very sweetly. The entertainment closed at rather a late hour with the laughable farce "The Walk ing Spectre," the characters being taken by Messrs Maley as "Robert Grabbitt Esq." (a broker) ; F. C. Smith as "Sam" (his clerk) ; and G. 0. Driffield as "Joe" (a stable boy). Mr Smith as ' Sam" ably sustained his reputation as a character delineator and caused roars of laughter. His efforts were ably seconded by Mr Driffield whose make up as the "ghost" caused some consternation. Mr Maley whose histrionic powers are well known had to play the foil to " Sam" and "Joe" and he was eminently suc cessful. 