The Shadows on the Wall. BY DILLON HUBBARD KE11XAX. While travelling from Burgo to Si. I'aui recently I became acquainted with a young man who liad been farming in Dakota and was on his way to his old home in New York. '. Yes."' he said, as he lit a cigar and took the seat in front of mine. - I have r. ranch out here in l>akota near 1'ark Hiver. but I have "i^ft it for ever."' ''The climate is unsatisfactory, perhaps?" I suggested. '? Ob,can stand tV climate, but"' lie hesitato'.i ami locked out of the car I window at the prairie unrolling itself before i him as the train sped on. I "I can stand the climate,1' he continued, i " but I can't stand-spectres I" ] I gave a start. What! This great, strap j ping young fellow, seemingly in t:;e full I rapture and radiance of health, afraid of | ghostsWas be drunk 2 Was he de i" mented ? Or was he simply acting a \edicu* IIous role ? I looked at him a little suspiciously. He saw the look and laughed. s Oh, I'm all right," he remarked ; "but . maybe you would like to know why I spoke i of spectres just now V' ! Yes." j Well, then, to begin: I went to Dakota i in ISS.j-having been driven to the step by j the fact that I had dropped the most of my | little fortune in a Wall-street speculation. I I bought a farm in the vicinity of Park river. I not far from the Manitoba line. It s a greai I grain country up there-produces colossal s crops of No 1 hard wheat when, cyclones. ! droughts. frosts, hail storms, cr prairie firef | don't prevent. Listening V | " Yes-certainly." | i: There was an old two-storey frame house I on the farm. It was in a very dilapidates j condition, and I spent a good many deli an ! in getting it made habitable. Finally, one ? dreary October day I moved in, with the | help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack 5 -a black feliow who had drifted down thai ! way from Winnipeg, and who had formerij I been a slave in South Carolina. ? " He arranged the furniture, built a roaring j are on the hearth, cooked my supper, anc j started to leave. ; '.' I want your help right along, Jack," J { said, ' so you may as well remain. You cat i have the attic room, and' 5 " '"Gosh amitey, boss!' exclaimed .Jack.bis t eboiry face taking on a look of terror. ' Gosh j amitev! Wouldn't sleep iu dis heak house 1 fer liuffia in de wotf.' | "'Why?' j "1 Ivasc hit's got de'-and his voice fell to a low, creepy whisper-' hit's got de ha'nts." . Bosh ? What put such a foolish idea as that in jour head V "' "Sense me, boss, but hit am no foolish I ness. De man what built dis house I kim a stagg^rm* home one night and vrus t nebbcv seed er-gin. 2so, sah' Kebber seed i er-gin." | *'' Was he a bachelor " ? "; No, sah, lie wus a marrd man, an; ! his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a'ter chat I night.' j "'Strange!' j ": YaaSj boss, pow'ful strange. An: when l de banker what bed de mortgage on dc place ! kim hyar for his money be foun' blood on de flo\ sha. blood on de walls, blood on de hyarth ! Den a fambly fum Oyafton dcy moved in, butdcy moved out er-gin, quicker'n quick.' "'Why?' "4 Yo'll lln" out why ef yo' stay heah twell mawnin"*' " * Fiddlesticks ! Here, take your moncj and come back to-morrow.' He thanked me sombrely and went hi# way. " The dusk grew on. The clouds trailed low over the limitless sweep of treeless prairies. The winds went whndderinground and round the house. The rain beat a dismal tattoo on the panes. I partook of my supper, then drawing my chair before the tire read until a late hour. The clock was on the j stroke of twelve when 1 went to bed. The I light of the fire made the room as light as i though I had left my lamp still burning. I | lay with ray face turned towards the farther . | wall. Suddenly 1 saw the shadows of a man i and woman on its "white, unbroken surface. I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round the apartment. It was empty-empty: but it in an occult way. I watched the phantom i pair-watched them with a nameless fear and fascination. The man was tall, slender, straight as an Indian arrow. He were a som brero and a cloak, the corners of winch were thrown back over his shoulders. His arms were folded tightly on his breast. His atti tude bespoke pride, scorn, ferocity. The woman was kneeling at his feet, with bowed Lead and fingers locked. " The man finally turned away with a haughty air. The woman rose to her feel, reeled for a moment, and followed him fol Sowed him swiftly witii open, outstretched, hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, seized her by the throat, and planted a dagger in her heart. " The ilames leaped up, shone redly for one flying moment, and went out, leaving the scene in darkness. *? I sprang from my bed and lit the lamp. ' I must have been dreaming,' I remarked to myself; but the strange, unearthly vision came again and again, n'ght after night camc when I was as wideawake as I am at the present moment- came when I was alone and when I had the companionship o£ friends. -l I am no spiritist, no believer in the sup ernatural. but I am puzzled by the phenom enon of which 1 speak. A phenomenon that has finally driven me from my ranch. Ishali never return to it." He turned his face to the car window as he spoke, and looked dreamily out at the eternal beauty of the sod and sky. 1 A young man having remarked that the i sight of certain fruit made his mouth I water, an old toper who stood by ex I claimed ? . 41 Well I if there's anything that'll mate my j mouth -i-a.'cr, L 'lin t want to see it!" : " What's an island asked the tcacher of i a school. of the cJass in sinography. ? -'The Island is '.v tie re they send Tim Failey's I father when he gets drunk," answered the head boy. A young wife, who had married a physician and was much given to boasting of her husband's wonderful professional skill, said to a circle of friends one day : " Why ! he ctired a patient of convalescence i in less than twenty-four hours!" ! Couldn't foe Otherwise.-" look ? look 1" I said tlie prosecuting attorney in his speech I to the jury, "at that man. He is the very I epitome of a villain, a smooth face, a smooth ! tongiie, a smooth manner, a-" I Of course."" interrupted the prisoners i counsel, "the man couldn't be otherwise than i smooth. He was ironed before he came into I court.'1 j Equal Sauce and Solid--" You see,' I said an English gentleman, who was handling I his dinner with a wonderful appetite, to a Scotchman dining at the same table. " I take a great deal of butter to my iish."' " Ay," said the Scotchman. " an' a deevilisk deal o' fish to your butter, too " "What dees p. d. q. mean, pa?" asked little Johnny, who is' quick at picking up things be shouldn't. Itmeans the way you will go upstairs to bed," replied old Brown. " if I hear another word out of you the whole evening.'' » He ('making a long call)-" What a very odd-iooking clock, Miss rimitb. Is it an heirloom?" SHE {suppressing a yawn)-"Oh, no ; it is a, recant purchase of papa's. He has a penchant for such things. I was about to call your nttention to sr.'"' A WiS3 Provision- - Two old men. lamenting the changes that have taken place. l'l i;st Oui M.\> (sadly)-" I cannot enjoy myself now as I could when 1 was a boy. I can't cat half as much." r?i:c<>xn Old Max-" I cannot eat as much now as I could when I was a boy, but I re gard that as rather a wise provision." Why so!" c .' Because I haven't as much to eat,1' _ l 