The Invisible Tailor and S . Tailoress. i : hT .t: OLU D CO+TRiSfi;CT'r SFrom the wvindo:w of the little tailoress one coul se the .wir.dows of Colonel Footaine's great house. As she trimmed her. kerosene TI lamp and its yellow lanme grew brighter, t the white, glittering galight tilashed up with in every room of the fitne mansion. Two little geranium pots where ullon her window C sill. All over Colonel Fontaine's house were hot-house II wers in basket ani 'vases, and bloomring on their parent stems in the con servatory. h Two strips of rag carpet, and four painted a chtait. and nneight-day clock, andsa picture of the infant Jesus, and tibd green plastor of i Paris parrots-these and a table, and some li ware on the closet shelves, were all the pro- d perty, real anwl peronal, of the little tailor- it ess. One chair in Colonel Fontaine's house was worth all her possessiona. Every sort of fline npholstery, articles of virta, carpets that cost incredible sums, pictures by the old masters and the newonesthat wecre fIsh ionahle, everything that can be crammed in- I to a house to make it sumptao:ts, yout found ft in Colonel Fontaine's. It r:scs enough to ma.ke a little woman en- d vious. The tailoress touned down her light, and laid aside her work--it was in no terrible hurry-annd went nod sat Isy.her .winrows, looked bover towards -this fine house,whevie they toiled not, neither did they spitn, wish ing, as many a hanld-working woman inrs wished before, .that her lot had been cast in nuch paths. As she sat gazing and envying, there en tered the room another.person._It was the little tailor, husbind .to thia little. tailoress. He also came and sat in the window. "There are to be fine doings there at Fon taine's," he said. " have just been talking to black dam, the waiter. IHe waits there to'night. Two hundred ipolnd does not spread the table. Think of that! , I "Atli! it's fine to'be sonie folks,!' sild the tailoress. \- " Yes, indeed," said the tailor. "Yes, yes, )oily. Yes, yes !" .; Then they looked out again in silence. The sliver stars were out in the sky and a little crescent moon; the, frost glittered on the. branchtcs of- the trees along tle sti'eted.asnt on the window panes; but tihe lace curtains only half hid the splendor within that lighted mansion. I The musicians were coming --a whole ?bind of them. They jabbered in German as they tiled pi the ,telps,.r- Tlheyý hal theit in stretiints in geen 'aized bhag 'litid ih loing black bores. l"It's p!ain there is to b. dancing," said .the little tailor. :,- .J; ;: '" Ahl poor folks don't get much time to dauce,"said the tailoress. She folded herrarm-r aln lookel a.little cross s shie saidtlhis. '?'Iler h~isi?ndl also looked very mosldy. They had better have dropped their curtain snod gone to their stitching; all that splendor was making them horribly discontented. "Unly two of em," said the tailor. "They hadeslhta child, " r 'f ,I s Slltc!i?l?efi'for lucka'nrls p6r -menfour children," said the tailoress. " Now we're got three." S"There's the carriage" company," said the tailoer. The carriages were rolling up. Sheaowsy figuare tiipihd:Ilfromn them, antl :hurried up the steps. As the door' openhed, the tgi'teii= -ing of silk and the flhsh of jewels could be Si .h !' said- th eltaiorcs-II'iisad my best stress is only alpaca" " I " Scaller tails, nodoubt-all of 'em," said the tailor. COh, dear ! ' i'" DJat I wish I is as her!" said the tailoress. :!'.LJiht i?vish I was himntl!" aid the tailor.' " 7 .. . -: '. r. I " ' "Now if only we could change with 'cm," said the tailoress. ." s;r, i "i'd take the chances," said the tailor. Sc would they," said a voice behind the. ; 'The tailor and tailores, turned their heads. A little woman in a llack-cloak aniid a red nlight-cap stnso.l beh!dil tlhen-a very little sWoman. hardly?lar-er than .a.child. She helt in her hantd-la-Ibroom, nd-her white elf. lucks tmnbhle'l illiabouther face. Her eyes were ili.ek, and ibright as the- frosty stars tha:t were glittering in the skly. S"You. aresurpriSr d tdsee nc, I presume," said the old.womani. " Well,"-said the tailor, " not to be uncivil, we are. _ Folks usually kssckos."o i I nevertdo that," said the old woman. I come through.tlke key-hole.' "Joking.,I presume, mum," said the tailor: i.::. "No," said 'the old woman. -"I'm a witch." " The tailorts got . behind the tailor as speedily as possib:e. ' I'm. a very amiable con, ilnles I'm vexed," said the old woina. :-" It does vex me to see people scared.'' I' sure I'm 'not an alarming object.'" - ' " I'm 'not a bit frightened,"saidi the tailor ess ; "only witches isn't usual.'! " Oh, I don't mind you'," said "the itch. " Yot are nothing Ibut -a fool. Here you are hs comfortable is need be, coal in your cellar, food in your cldtse; three rosy childrenabed in there-you mhdlt give them more air, it is true--plenty of work: and all you need, and you sit andl fret beeause you haven't all the linery in that house. Why, riches dol't make people happy by themselves, never did, and never will;'. • " You're :appiarettly an: older lady than k'hat I am," said the tailores., "and you had oughtter know best, being a witch.' But i'd like to know how a person that wears silks arid .velet ev'ery, day, anti has never fetched the waterfto washi hir own hands, andi goes out a riding behind her own hlore, and is complimented and admired the whlle of her life, can help. being" happier, than a.:poor little soul that stitched and "stitched naince before ever she wsas rown up ; that never ride in anything betlter than thie street cars; that counts every shilling before she speinds it; h had ithree children, LJrd helll her I and has a black sllace and-n bit of gilt bieast pin forSundays, and makes hcr thingsa last year in and year oat. "And not to contradict a lady r.ssa witch," saidl the tailor, " howu is a man that works at a tuilin,-, moiling trade, and half the time as:'t paid at that, and his a wife and three children! to feed and clottheand shoe--grum bling over what hegiveo her :it that-to be contented and as happy as a fellow that jest writes his name to a clheqesyhen he wants mioney,7ind driniks champagne nsut- them thitngs '" " A morecontehed creetutman never had for a wife," cried the tailor's wife, lursting into tears afresh. "I never--' "IHold yotr !tod~ige," (s:id thie, sitich. "Come, I'll give yot a cbance to see if hliese people aere really happier. You shall go over into that houseandrtake.aspaep at its mes teries, if you like:. TIeve" '6nly to rwave ay broomn aind you wilLbecome invisible. You'll see tthings no one else sees, hear things iso boe else. hears, and, if you wish to do so, yos shallt aftervwars change places .vithl thelm. IYot shall buhlr. Fditiaine,yj?usshanll be Mrs. Fontaisie, al.vays lrovidinig )yoeu s lcsiis.tdo: so." DI; eyes l:' cried tle tailor. " \'eil, l'tiot'l'tiiutio be invisibleceh?" cried I the tailoress. - "it's bit like taking chloroform, I sp. pose." said the tailr. 1 A,,red l" as?ked the witch, " Yes,' said the tailor; The witch waved her boom. " I feel as if I was going off," said the tailoress. ".Me; too," said the tailor. In a ro:nment more the pair felt as lightas a couple of feathers or twao bits of thistle dosrn.- They were floating about in the air, and feltsure that no-one could see them. They tried to grasp each other's hands, but there was no substance to holi. They tried to spena, but they had no voices. Still, in s:anosubtle and incomprehensible way, they comnmeiciated their -thoughts to each other, without the aid of specih. They were in the lady's chamber. She sat all alone there. Her black velvet robe swept over the floor. Diamonds glittered on her bosom and in her ears ; on her rounded arms also. Site was a burnette of the volup tuous style of beauty, hcei red lips, herspark ling eyes, her wonderfully p-rfect nose, her little cars, like tiny car-shells, were beyond description. She bent over a desk; within it la a picturre-the portrait of a fair man ill a uniform. She talkedito it in whis.pers. e' Year alfter year, daafter day, hourafter hour," she whispered, " and I cannot forget. Your blooat is upon my hands, Jerome. Ify heart is haunted by your ghost. May God forgive nis both;" There was a sound without-a step at the door. ; - "Are you ready, madam !l" said a voice. It wan that of Colonel Fontaine. The lady arose. : " One moment," she -said. " Ah, if you would but leave me in peace-if you w?ould but let me hide myself a:vayssomewhere l" " Again ?" lie said. "Come here, madam. I am waiting for you." lIeitid inot even set his;foot across the threshold of the lady's door, and she obeyed him, and passed out into the wide hall. The invisible tailor and tailoress flitted out with her. They had just as much curl. csity as they had iit the flush. Besides, what did ther come for but to listen? Do you suppose I enjoy these scenesl" said Colonel tontainie. Y l'ou seem to," she answered. "You. seem to, also," said the colonel. "It is all seeming with us. They call us anl affe'tionate couple, I presume. They do not ki6:v ho.w, since I found his letters and his picture, soe hare hiated each other."' Ido' not hate you, hIenry," said the lady. 'I'do hate aou,"said the colonel. "There is no..lhideous creature begging in the streets that tIloathe as.I do your beautiful pa rso?-I who'loved you so!" " hAbmy God utl" moaned the woliind. f Whj yrture me so?" !Ioni doit when ayou rebel," said the colonel. "Am I niot tortured - a lonely, childless manu.with a weight of secretsliame upon my sonulhYou doomed rue to this life, anid yoi; shall expiate tue crime. You shall appearbefore the wsorld ns Coaonel ontairid's cwife sho?ld. :hEor ten years we have played the farce. Ise shall play it to the last. I quarrelled with him-about . ga-ne of cards, ndt about yoii.' h?lap'pel; hin inba thd face~ anid he chakllened:uets Uat he knew;--he kniew why he died.: _I sasv it in his face as I sent the bullietto bis heart."-' - ; :. i. j "' a. have' mercy : moaned the wcman ." Ih ave hadainierc,'sarid the man. .You live. LI klied th?.morei iluoce?t of thd'tirv: Yon have your owin alartmients, I have mine; we only play our little fde 'f Darby and Joan befe?i'the world. It -is not iueh :puriish2 mbntlar.g your crime, and it keeps my name from public shame. Are you ready, mas - = - '" , I, She.uonwed. The }.went dowi the l taits tgethcrl they ýve~ r saluted by their g'est; they salited' them. The dance went on; the ini.si'eswept into.d reanid waltzes; the feast-ws E?ten, the wine flowed; buit tl:rtwo invisibl:gu.estslsaw wriat noo one could see with bodily eyes. While the lady smiled and talked, while she daniced, i?thill she sang: one form ,still moved before her eyes;--a phantompale and icery-a beautiful young man in caiptain's a unifor, vithI a deepiuoinnd in his breast. Its eves looked t?ward.her, and seemed tosays -"utorderess!" And the mnastero[ the Ilouse-what hbsanw was thlis: a life thht had n' ineeanuing, a trampled love, a shattered faith, a broken heart. Ilis own. S" Want to clhane with them !' asked the woman in the red cap and black tclok. '"Cin, if you clicose." ' Fo thE dear Lord aosake, take ia lionie," criedt the tailoress. - There they were oposite each other in the two chair. .:Tlierignlts.still gieatneil fiomu the windows of the house crer the way, and .carriages were rolling from the doior " It s queer,' said the tailor, : It's awfully .queer," said the it loreess. "I suppose it's all a dream," said the thilor. " Yes, darling," said the tailoress. 'BLlessed little Dolly," said the tailor. " I wouldn't be her for a kingdom, ' said Dell y. w I wouldu't be him.for a world,'' said the tailor. . " And howl-nice it is," said the tailoress, "to louok into thfe hal ber'ooni and see 'em so cimfortable- baby between iu, and S:lly and Kittyr in the tri?nldle bed." "' Yes, Dolly," said the tailor. " It doni take a witch to tell us that riches bys tlhem selves don't make hanpiness. It's better to be lionest ald pure and ashamed of nothing, than to roll ini gold with a wicked secret'on he mind. - " We'll pray for these peor rich pcople to night, D the ly." lore "Amen," said the tailoress. . 