THE MERC UK Y. HOBART: FRIDAY, MAY SS, 188S. ? - ' j THE great Asian mystery, which ex- cited attention not many years ago, is upon us again. The \ague wonders which DISBAELI made to be hidden in this mystery were laughed at by his contemporaries, but it must be ad- mitted, we think, that theie is some 8trauge, some inexplicable influence which affects the European mind, and makes it practically powerless when it comes in contact with Eastern peoples and with Eastern ideas. If not, how shall we account for the fantastic and foolish tricks which have been played in connection with what is called the Chinese Question? How shall we explain the fact that learned men have forgotten the very basis of their knowledge, and have had no care for the liberty of the subject or even their own reputations? We thought that if any one thing was well understood, that thing was the Habeas Corpus Aot It practically dates back as far as Magna Charta ; it is supposed, in the words of one writer, to be " the chief guard of English liberty and the envy of foreign nations," and yet we hnd that lawyers, actual Attorneys-General, do not understand what it is, or at least make-believe not to understand. In the recent applications for writs of habeas corpus i« Sydney and Adelaide, it has been argued on behalf of the Crown, or rather on behalf of the colony, for the power exercised or sought to be exercised exceeds that of the Crown itself, that a foreigner can- not sue out his writ of habeas corpus, so that he can be imprisoned for any length of time at the .will of the Executive. This entirely novel read- ing of the law, we are told by telegram, was sustained at considerable length on behalf of the colonies in which the applications were made, but was set aside by the Supreme Court as abso- lutely without an argument in its favour. We have, here again, another example of the way in which the most arbitrary and outrageous acts are defended on behalf of the people, who are ready to sacrifice, or allow to be sacrificed, the best safeguards of their own liberties, in order to gain some end which they may have in view. Most persons know, or at least ought to know, that the Habeas Corpus Act, as embodied in the legislation under CHARLES II., which merely confirmed what already existed, is the safeguard of the people against the arbitrary acts of the Crown, and that it is in- tended to make certain that nobody shall be imprisoned except in the course of law. Professor CBEASX ?' Wa'it"at'*,t " contains^two great' \- principles, the first of which is, that no man shall be -imprisoned on mere general grounds,of suspicion, or, i for an indefinite^ period, at Jtho dis i cretion or the caprice of the executive ¡ power. Here we have precisely the case of the Chinese. They have boen imprisoned at the caprice of the Execu [ tive. They have been kept in custody without any warrant in law, and 4-1.».. ""«A- *" k" k."" "ki- !»,£,.«, L1IGJ OUUIV HI UD UlUU^IIU UL1U.U a court of competent jurisdiction to learn if they can be thus deprived of their liberty. BLACKSTONE says : " Of great importance to the public is the preservation of this personal liberty, for if once it were left in the power of any, the highest, magistrate 1 to imprison arbitrarily whomsoever he or his officers thought proper, there ' would soon bo an end of all other rights and'immunities.'" Of course, all this is trite and commonplace enough to those who keep clearly in view the principles without which the liberties of the people could not exist, but itseemstobemostdesirable that the reasons and opinions of constitutional lawyers should be repeated for the benefit of those in these colonies who are eager to commit any wrong or folly, in order to gain what they deem to be an advantage. The argument that a foreigner has no rights, which seems to have been re- lied on, both in Sydney and Adelaide, may be fairly said to be a disgrace to those who used it. We are not told who appeared ou behalf of the Govern- ment, but whoever they were they must have appeared with the con- currence of the Attorneys-General of the colonies. If the law-officers had advised that there was no case to defend, the Ministry could hardly have-gone into court,'] unless, indeed, Mr. JUSTICE HIGINBOTHAM'S old craze has come up again, and it be held that whatover the advisers of the Court choose to call law is so. But, even he, though he did threaten the Supreme Court once, could hardly have meant that it was to be guided by the law-officers rather than the statutes and the general principles of law, which is really what has been con- tended for of late. For, the Executive has claimed to place the Chinese out- side the law. It has imprisoned them when and where it pleased, it has, insisted that they have no right to a writ of habeas corpus because they are foreigners, and, generally; has travestied the best known legal principles in a way which can only be described as astounding. Do these legal luminaries mean to contend that a Frenchman or a German can be imprisoned without process of law, aud cannot obtain a writ of habeas corpus ? If this is not the contention, then the whole argument breaks down, and the whole business is paltry and puerile to a degree which is disgraceful to the colonies con- cerned. To our mind, however, the legal or illegal aspect is not the worst one. That, as we see, thanks to the inde- pendence of the judges, will cure itself, as all of the Governments con- cerned have already found out. The grave sign of evil and danger, to our mind, is this-that the legal advisers of the Ministries should have allowed these things to go on, knowing, as they must have known, that thoy were utterly indefensible in point of law. Wo have in this examples of men failing to do their duty, just when it was most necessary that their duty should be well and faithfully done. What security for good government, what security for liberty, what security for . the proper carrying out of the laws can there be if this sort of thing is to go on, and it comes to be recognised that the legal advisers of a Ministry aro to advise only what suits, not what is right ? This is not the first time that this spirit of the subordination of the law to the popular desire has been shown, for it was carried to a most dangerous ex- tent not many years ago in Victoria, but, even then, not in so flagraut a way as at the present time. What- ever the other Ministers might have chosen to do, either as a matter of duty in their opinion or as a matter of political expediency, the law-offi- cers should at least have done their duty, and never allowed such a dis- play of bad law and bad feeling to be made as recently in Adelaide and Sydney. Victoria was better advised, for she released the Chinese, who had complied with the law, before the application for a writ was made. ' " BAT such things as are3et before youj asking no questions for conscience sake," is an apostolic injunction, but it may îeasonably be doubted whcMier such au injuuetion would have been delivered, unless accompanied with sonic rather extensive reservations, had the apostle lived in our times. In ancient times, befoie the art of adulteration had been reduced te a science, people could tell with a tolerable degree of certainty what they were eating and drinking, but it may safely be said that uo one resident in countries sup- posed to be civilised can tell that now. The half-clothed or naked savage of the South Sea Islands can devour his yans, his cocoa nuts, or his wild pigs with the most perfect assurance that he is actually eating what he intends to eat, and the same with his drink, whether it be the clear water from the sunning brook which ffews at hu feet, er the spirit dis- tilled or fermented fro» the juices of his native plants. Not so, however, with tb* denizens of civilised countries; If he fnlfcls the apostolic injunction and eats whatever is set before him, askiag no questions, the chances are a hundred to one that he «ill eat something which he would not ea't if he knew it ;, and in the matter of drinking the chances are »bout a thousand to one. The fact is, that the art of adulteration has been carried to such a degree of perfection in our days that hardly any one can be said to know with any tolerable degree of certainty what he is eating or drinking. His tea, in many instances, consists to a large extent of exhausted leaves, which have previously done duty in hotels and coffee-houses, and have been after wards redried and faced with chemicals ( to give them tho appearance of genuine tea ; his coffee is largely admjxtured with chicory, roasted horse- beans; etc!; and when wo reach the domain of beer, wines, and spirits, the »phoro of adul TV^T^T s-*îïrlàî \,vT Í.*T^« v!^S«¡r i«-*"» , teretioniap^ticany^riliu^edÄWe, have, so far, said nothing-about_milk, although it is well known that this-is j the article, -thatf is, most- generally adulterated,' and too often,- it is to be feared, -with most disastrous-conse- quences to the lives andthealth of Her Majesty's subjects. Some interesting revelations on this subject, however, are furnished in an article which appears in a recent number of the Westminster Review. It is there stated, what is known to be a fact in the colomes as wen as in longland, that milk is largely adulterated with water, which is technically known as " Simpson" in the trade. Of seventy six samples examined by Dr. HASSALL, twelve were found to be genuine milk; fourteen were adulterated prin- cipally with water, to an extent vary- ing from ten to fifty per cent, of the bulk. So far has this gone, that MI American humourist an- nounced that a certain milkman had been fined for not putting enough milk into his water; while a Californian paper stated that " the milkmen of San Francisco have'formed a Mutual Aid Association-one holds the can while another pumps." There are, too, it is said, fatty emul- sions, which are constantly sold as milk, made of saccharine matter (lactose, glucose, or cane-sugar), al- bumen or gelatine, carbonate of soda, water and oil, or other fatty sub- stances. The extent to which adultera- tion is carried into almost every article of food could hardly bo more graphically illustrated than in the story told by Mr. ARNOLD WHITE in his " Problems of a Great City." " There were four flies and, as it happened, they were hungry one morning. (When are flies not hungry ?) The first settled upon a sausage of singularly appetizing appearance, and made a hearty meal, but he speedily died of intestinal inflammation, for the sausage was adulterated with aniline. The second fly breakfasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contrac- tion of the stomach, owing to the inor- dinate quantity of alum with which the flour had been adulterated. The third fly was slaking his thirst with the contents of the milk jug, when violent cramps suddenly con- vulsed his frame, and ho soon gave up the ghost, the victim to chalk adul- teration. Seeing this the fourth fly, muttering to himself, " the sooner it's over, the sooner to sleep," alighted upon a moistened sheet of paper, ex- hibiting the counterfeit presentiment of a death's-head and the inscription, "Fly-poison," and fearlessly apply- ing the tip of his proboscis to this device, the fourth fly drank to his heart's content, growing more vigorous and cheerful at every mouthful, although expectant of his end. But he did not die. On the contrary, he throve and waxed fat. You see, even the fly-poison was adulterated." That this is not a greatly exaggerated picture of the ex- tent to which the practice of adultera- tion is carried ' is well known to all who have taken the trouble to investi- gate the matter. It is not only well known but is actually defended by JOHN BRIGHT, who maintains that adulteration is " a legitimate form of competition." This is surely carrying the principle of freetrade to the very extremity of absurdity, for if adultera- tion is a legitimate form of com- petition, then it becomes very diffi- cult indeed to define the limits wherein fair-dealing ends and fraud begins. To persons possessed of ordinary notions of fair-play and justice, the selling of goods known to be adulterated, will appear not in the light of " a legitimate form of compe- tition," but as nothing moro nor less than obtaining money under false pre- tences. That a vast number of adul- terated articles of both food and drink are daily sold ia this city is notorious, but as we seldom hear of any prosecu- tions for this offence the public are naturally curious to learn whether any practical use is being made of the Government Analytical department. CABLE NEHS.-Some outspoken views on the European and Eastern questions huyo been published in Russian papers. It is de- clared that Englund's fleet is not powerful enough to defend her coasts, coaling stations, colonies, and commercial fleet ; and, with rospict to affairs in Afghanistan, it ie mowed that although there ia nothing to cause disquietude in the recent skirmish, arising out of the refusal of tho Ameer of Afghanistan to pel mit the Dhcmshed triho to place itself under the protection of Russia, yet England should reconcile herself to the idea of Russia advancing on Herat, and be prepared te make an amicable partition of Afghan territory. The little trouble in Sikkim, which has caused npproheniions of fighting for some time past, has culminated in a strong body of rebol Tibetans attacking the Butisfi expeditionary force. The rebels woro, however, repulsed with a trifling loss. Germany is insisting on a rigid passpoit system on the French frontier. It is stated that the English hop crbp is back- ward, and that tho young plants arc in feetcd with, vermin. A message received on Wednesday mid the bines were looking healthv. , ' CITY POLICE COURT.-Mr. Harbottle, J.P., took his seat on the bench yesterday morning, punctually at 9 o'clock, with a view to liberating the officials as early as possible, yesterday being a general holiday through- out the town. Daniel Duffy was charged with deserting his wife. On the application of Mr. Superintendent Pedder he was re- manded until to-morrow. Norah Dhu pleaded guilty to disturbing the peace, and was fined 10s. «VI., or 14 days. This was all she business, and the Court then ad- journed. ' UbMiwKLb RCA» DISIEIOT.-The annual meeting of landholders in this district will be hela at the Couneil-ohambers at Both- well to-morrow, at 11 o'clock, for the pur- pose of electing three trustees in place of Messrs. Wm. Langdon, Frederick McDowall, and T. E. J. Steele, who retire from office by .fttuxion of time. A« Mr. H. E. Gage ha« been nominated in addition to three retiring members the polling will take place a«, before mentioned. Br/CKLAt».-Our correspondent, ¡writlna on the 23rd ins t., says :- '. We have had some rai», but not nearly enough. Old hands are predicting a very hard winter, «a severe frost« have «et in so early, though tue weather at present is «imply perfect-clear froaty night)) succeeded by bright sunshiny days. On Tuesday evening a meteor of unusual brilliancy was observed here, travel- ling from east to west. Influenza is very prevalent, and an outbreak of chicken-pox ' at Srat created some concern. The Queen's Birthday promises to be a very uneventful day throughout this district." PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING ASSOCIATION. -To-night, at the Masonic Hall, at 8 o'clock, the members of this association will debate a motion to bo introduced by Mr. W. B. Propsting for the stoppage of the further alienation of Ciown lands, and the taxation oi such portions OB aro already alienated. Having in view the growing interest manifested at the present time in this important question, tho motion should be productivo of a most interesting and 1 'vigorous' discussion! We have been-re- quested to suggest to the many ladies who \- 'now regularly attend the weekly discutslons of the association, that, to make master« as sociable and eoty a« possible, they might assist to no «mall extent in this by bringing their fanoy work to the meetings. CKïTTr.NNiAi'Exmimotf.-The tlmeifor ' receiving tenders for internal fittings, etc., for the Tasmanian court'aV the forthcoming Centennial Exhibition has been extended from the 26th hist, te June 4. ' I ORPHEUS OLDS CONCERT.-A ooncort will be given in the Town Hall on Tuesday \- evening-next by the Orphous Club in aid of tho Presentation'Convent School Building Fund. His Excellency tho Governor and Lady Hamilton aro expected to bo present, As usual a good programme will be sub- mitted, and there is every reason to' supposo that tho club's performance on this occasion will bo equal to any formar one. i ¡ ? NEW TOWK READING-ROOM AND LIBRARY. -A meeting of subscribers to' this institu- tion will be hold in Mr. Petrie'« house, opposite the Maypolo Inn, at'7.30 this evening. Tho business is to consider the recommendation of the committee to start the library in rooms rented from Mr. Potrie. BELLERIVE INSTITUTE. - An amateur theatrical performance will bo given in the Bellerive Institute on Monday evening next, at 8 o'clock. Tho pieces cltoacn for repre- sentation are The Terrible Secret, and An Unwarrantable 'Intrusion, which aro to bo staged under the direction of Major Wylly, whose dramatic taleut, and alto 'his ex- perience in the management of amateur per- form tnois should "ensuie an unequivocal success. The proceeds of the entertainment are to be devoted to still fnrther reducing the debt remaining on the Clarenoe Par- sonage. Full particular« regarding the terms for admission and tho methods of reaching and returning from Bellerive will be found in another column. EXHIBITION EXCURSIONS.-People in New Zealand are already beginning to inquire as to ways and means for making choap excursions to Melbourne during tho exhibition season, and there is a probability of ample facilities being afforded them. The Christchurch Presa understands that the Union Steam ship Co. are likely to make arrangements to run one of their first-class'steamers as an excursion boat' to Melbourne. Visitors also will not be under the necessity of hunting about ' for Bleeping accommodation, ana when they obtain it perhaps have to be content with a very second-rate kind. It is proposed by the company to give passen- ger« tue privilege of sleeping on board the the steamer while sho is In Tiarbour. Tho bustle and scurry .conséquent upon au influx of oxcucbiouiets will to a.veiy gi eat extent be obviated. The steamer'will probably have accommodation for 2S0 adult hrst-class pas- sengers. > , TUB EARTHQUAKE IN CHINA.--The Pekin correspondent of the North China Daily New» writes :-" Tho caithquakc that has just been reported to the Emporor as having taken place on JanttAry 14 in Yunnan is the most so /ere found in tho Chinese, records. It commenced at 6 in the evening and lasted till 4 in the morning., During that time tliure were 12 or 14 principal shocks, ami the destruction of houses and human life w as very créât. The locality is mountainous and dotted with beautiful lakes. Not far away are the silver-mines of Burma, j It is in this favoured spot, a few miles south of the Yttnnan lake known as Tienchib, that this disaster occurred. The whole extent of ' country disturbed by the earthquake ¡a ubout 180 miles'in length, from east to weat and 60 miles from north to south. In Shili p'iug, Chien-shui, aud other district cities the town walla were either thrown down or cracked, whilo the public offices and temples shared the «ame fate At Shih-p'ing, in the south of the city, eight or nine- tenth« of the private houses fell, iuthe east as many as a half, in the north and west rather less ; but even there more than a thousaud rooms were left with cracked or slanting walls. Two hundred persons of all ages were crushed to death, and more than" 300 permanently crippled. There was much loss of life or limb in the surrounding villages-namely, in those to the east, 800 killed and 700 or 800 wounded ; to the south, 200 and 400 ; to the west, 300 and SOO ,- to the north, 100 and 200 ; making a total, inside and outside the city together, of moro than 4,000 killed and .wounded. But this does not represent the whole of the suffering caused ; for a large majority of the people, rich and poor alike, aro left without homes ; all their provisions and other property being buried beneath the ruins of their houses. In the town of Chien shui itself seven or eight people were crushed to death, and some scores were injured. In the neighbouring villages 949 people were killed and 150 or 1U0 hurt. In Ami Chou, Hsin-hsing Chou, and Wei-yuan T'ing, though fortunately no lives were lost, n number of houses were thrown down. One of thsso was tho district gaol at Wei-yuan T'ing, from which all the prisoners conse- quently escaped." i BELGIAN FORTIFOATIONS.- Tho fear that Franco or Germany, in the event of var, will attempt a rush through Bolgium, has inspired tho Belgians to tremendous excr- ' tions to prevent such a calamity. Tho new fortifications on tho MCUBC have been pushed, ¡ until now the builders havo arrived at tho ( second stage of constiuctiou. At the two forks of the river, to wit, at Namur aud Liege, there have been erected enormous ' works with steel facings bristline with guns. It seems that most of the war material for these fortifications was long since oidcred from tho Krupp Company, at Esson, Ger- many, and, as the prevailing sentiment of Belgium is with the Fiouch, this has been the subject of protest. Recently it was dis- covered that tho enterprising Krupp Coin pany were sub letting a portion of their contract to Belgian foundries, and now the Independence Btl<jca\vX La Dtfcnct Nationale are demanding to know if it would uot bo cheaper in the end to contract directly with home manufacturero« than thus to ' order material fiom Bolgium by way of Germany. MAJOR Porovp.-A îecent cable message stated that the Bulgariuu officer who was in March last arrested on a charge of embezzle- ment, bad been tried and found guilty. As ' commamlcr of tho First Bulgarian Infautry Brigade, he had control of the garrison ac- counts, and serious defalcations therein led to his arrest. Tho Vienna correspondent of The Times thus refers to the subject: " The announcement that Major Popoff has boen aricstcd on a ci ¡minni charge will be read with feelings, of the greatest pain and surprise by the many frieuds of that gallant oflicer, and by those who have read of his exploits', iii Major von Huhn's history of the Servo- Bulgarian war. Mujor l'opoff was the most trusted of Prince Alexander's lieu 'tcnants, ono of the bravest, coolest, and ablest of the many brilliant otlicers who made tho short campaign against Servia frr ever memorable. He always showell the gi eat est dovotiou to Piinco Alexander ; and when the conspiratois who kidnapped the Prince wero plotting their fell work, their fust care was to get Major PopofT and his loyal regiment oidorcd aivuy from Sofia. The majpr seemed to be tho incarnation of honour and duty. A calm, silent ,11ml), punctilious in discipline, intrepid in action, quick and resolute in counsel,' ho rendered invaluable service to the Ko^ency by main- taining ordor in tho capitul, especially throughout the critical time when General Kaulbais "was doing his best to foment mutiny in the army, rio was greatly feared and disSkcd by the Zankoff .patty, and last youl Boan» undetected miscreants made an atteuigt to blow him up in his own house. Major Popoff never favoured the election of Prince- Ferdinand ; but for this very reason, and because M. Stambouloff had implicit confidence in his spirit ' of soldierly obodi . enuc, he was' ordered, after the election at Tirnovo, to form part of the deputation, of lu which ? went to Ebenthal to offer ' the crown to Prince Ferdinand. At fires j tho major refused to go. A few month» previously,' travelling on hil honeymoon : toiur, he had gone to Darmstadt to present , hia. bride to Prince Alexander, and ft went . sorely against the grain with him to seemk even in the discharge of a military duty, to forget bis old allegiance. However, by tk» pressing advise of friends, he ruconaidoied . his position,, bnt on K«¡ng to Ebenthal ? he i frankly told Prince Ferdinand that he «mid never cease to be devoted to [his old oktel, ' and I have it from Prince Ferdinand's, own lips that he respected the honest sofctisr the ?nore for his'outspoken stanohuess. It has lately become known that Major Popoff and M. Starabouloff have nuartlled, asa some persons will not fail to bring this i»ot into connection with the distinguished com- mander's arrest on a charge which It must be hoped, for the honour of th» Bulgarian army, will not be substantiated." 