THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. The Warner season closed on Friday night at the Royal, and the great popularity whioh that aotor has won during his all too short stay amongst us, was unmistakably demon strated -by the presence at his final ap- riparanno anil Lonpfih nf annVi a hnnea m in but seldom the good fortune of an actor to' ptay. to, or a management to make tip. Last night's bill opened with a delight fully written comedietta by Theyne Smith, entitled " A Happy Pair.'' The little work is no stranger to Syd ney audiences and its smart dialogue has elicited a hearty laugh from many and many a Sydney theatre-goer, but never before in this city has Mr. Honey ton found so able a representative. By his marvellous depiction of Coupeau. the drunkard, and later on of Hamlet. Mr. Warner identified himself in this city almost entirely with pieceB of a e ombre character, and the opportunity of seeing tho artist iu the very lightest, airiest of comedy p-u-ts wasnot to bemisBed. Those who witnessed his pourtrayal of Mr. Honey ton last night will reckon it amongst the theatrical treats of their experience. The running fire of repartee and humour was admirably sustained, and above all, tho actor was so perfectly natural that tho little scene of domestic war lost all its identity with the stage, aud strong mar ried men in front were observed to weep sympathy with Mr. Honeyton. Of Miss Isabel Morris' Mrs. Honeyton too much in warm praise cannot be said, indeed— and the actress will take it as no poor compliment — her exquisite rendering of tho character was a very, very pleasant surprise. She ably part nered Mr. Warner in carrying tlio little piece along with splendid vim to a successful ending. The after part of the programme was devoted to the production of Tom Taylor's gloomy, grizzly play "Tho Pool's Revenge," Mr. Warner's assumption of the hideous, murder-plotting jester was worthy of the actor's great name for versatility. Ono moment he was humorous and the next hideous ; and his efforts were rewarded witb a call at the end of each act. The occasion was marked by the first appearance in Sydney of Mr. Warner's daughter, Miss Gracie Warner, who at once won her way to the hearts of her audience by her natural assumption of the part of tho innocent and beuutiful Fiordelesia. Miss Warner appears very young and ha3 much yet to learn, but at least she has everything iu her favour, including tho advantage of a great mentor. The Man- fredi of Mr. Herbert Flemming was treated by that gentleman with all his accustomed carefulness and ability, and the part, distasteful as it was, was per fectly played. As Del Aquilta, Mr. Frank Gerald was capable, and in Francescha Maufredi, Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner played the injured and revengeful weaker vessel to the very life. Tho remainder of the characters were ably sustained by the bal ance of the company. At the conclusion of the evening Mr. Warner, <n response to nn undeniable invitation, came forward and spoke a fow words of kindly thanks to his good friends, the public, for their substan tial support, coupling with the announce ment of his intention to leave Sydney for a while tho wish for a speedy return. Mr, Warner was warmly cheered, and his talented daughter made the recipient of several handsome florul tributes. Long threatening comes at last, liver since the London Gaiety Burlesque Com pany made' its opening Balaam amidst artilleries of rapturous applause from a Melbourne audience, tho Sydney public havo been on the pivot of expectation, and on Saturday evening the pent-up feelings of as much of them as could be conveni ently crowded between tho roof and floor of the Theatre Royal were released by a merciful Providence, aided and abetted by the company themselves. Thoir famo had been wafted on before them, aud on the night before the battle a largo pro portion of sitting space had been alienated for the opening performance by an army of deepcrate men and determined women, who had resolved to be all there or to perish in the attempt, and go elsewhere to the next best place 'way up in Paradise. The vice-rogal party had a flower-decked area to itself, while from them radiated tho social solar system of tho city of tho beautiful harbour, and the private boxes being filled with ardent patrons like Mr. J. H. Want, M.L.A. A glance at the stalls revealed a gathering representative of sulficient coin to start a railway syndicate, while overhead thu top circle multitude bulged forward, filled with an air of exultant attention and in tense eagerness, the latter feeling being indeed characteristic of the wholo house. Even the vice-regal set remained un noticed for once, and the triumphs of tho dressmaker's art which graced tho forms of the fair multitude in the dress circle, passed unoriticised, so deep was the in terest excited by tho play. As a rule, great hopes are consider ably discounted upon realisation ; but the anticipations of this entertainment were perfectly justified in a performance un rivalled for its charming variety, pleasing piquancy, inherent fun, and the finished talent displayed in every well-developed detail. The melodrama burlesque of " Monte Christo, Junior," outlines a plot culled from tho older Dumas' novel "Monte Christo," bnt only sufficient of the heads of the yarn have beon annexed to serve to identify the characters, the author — Mr. Richard Henry — who, by the way, we understand, owes portions of the play to Miss Nellie Forren, Mr. Fred Leslie and Mr. Chas. Danby — having evidently aimed to produce a work which, while possessing all the good points of the ordinary burlesque, rejects the unmeaning vulgarity that so , frequently blotches the latter, and at the same time allows the artists an airy free dom which enables them to veneer the play with fetching varieties. The threads of the plot are united to vivacious, charm ing and original music by composers such as Myer Lutz, Hamilton Clarke and G. W. Hunt, and the picturesque costumes of tbe period to which tho play pertains -make one reflect how much the ladies of the present could loam in the matter of attiro from the dames who did the block — not the guillotine — between tho French Revolution and the restoration of the Empire. There was a hush of expectancy a3 the cur tain rose, unfolding to viow the harbour of Marseilles almost as beautiful a3 our own — upon the quay of which a variegated crowd of fishers and maritime folks are gathered. Then a Sydney audience presents its wclcomo in the shape of solid rounds of applauBO, which increase in solidity as ono by one the stars of the company come tripping towards tho foot lights until tbe climax of enthusiasm greets Miss Nellie Farren. The fun commences, and soon the audience is wrapt up in tho play. Miss Farren'b acting is something exquisitely novel to eyes accustomed to the stilted motion of an ordinary burlesque player. Her move ments are easy, graceful, and free, aud hor voice falls upon tho ear with pleasing effect, enhanced by her fresh accent. This rendering of her part makes it all her own, surrounding it with a per sonality right through the tragic and comic snatches of the piece In appearance, Miss Farren Beems very fow summers over 20, hor youth, freshness and vivacity instilling the belief that her attractions havo not 'diminished since she first won the applause of a London audience, and set her foot on the bottom step of the staircase of theatrical fame. In the island prison scene, her humour ib particularly happy, varying spells of tragedy and comedy bringing down the house every time. Tho two some, "It's a Funny Little '.v7«y I've mit,' and " I'm a Jolly Little ''nan .. i i'.-o-.iK'j" f'.lehcrf 'miMilfium uppl.u- nnd new versions. In tho shoes of Mer- cedes, the betrothed of Dantes, Miss Marion Hood gets around her audience with her graceful expression and taking ways, which joined to hor sweetly trained voice, justified tho appreciation lavished upon her and her London record. As a dancer Miss Letty Lind works miracleB in the art, the graceful softness of her dresB bearing striking contrast to the stiff curtailed skirt so commonly worn. Her movements are at once grEtceful and witching, giving one the idea that she is endeavouring to discover how much poeti cal excellence can he evolved from motion. Miss Sylvia Grey's place (Valentine, daughter of Morel, a Shipowner) was filled successfully by Miss May Russell, whose cleverness was suitably recognised. Miss Fanny Marriott as Fernand, a Catalan fisherman, afterwards Count do Morcoy, and Miss Jessie Dean as Albert, a fast youth, did all that was required of them and did it fairly. Mr. Fred Leslie, who represented Noirtier, a conspirator and criminal investigator, is a gentleman en dowed with versatility enough to run a piece on his own account. He is tho man who plays many parts. His mimicry is _ aa varied as it is truo to the original, and tho voice is equally realistic in reproducing tbe tones of tho only Mac- cabe or Henry Irving, and we have not tho slghtest doubt that ho conld let us have a speech by Sir Henry Parkcs, or a flowery oration by Dan O'Connor, at his ease. His singing and dancing arc on a par with his limitless vocal accomplishments. Aided by Mr. Charles Danby (his son and a prefect of police) he improvised a French caricature a heap more comical than two Chinamen on a buckjumper. Mr. Danby's Irish song Ballyhooley, also showed him to advantage. Mr. Fred Storey's grotesque dancing was rewarded by a large slab of applause. _ Ho does wonders with his legs, which appear to have as many joints as a butcher's Bhop. Messrs. Travers, Patterson and Cambours nego tiated minor parts with credit, while the choruB sang very effectively. Tho orchestra was eminently satisfactory. The scenery in the first act pourtraya the har bour of Marseilles, while the second depicts the Chateau D'lf, and a cave on the island of Monte Christo, which gives way in the third act to the exterior of an auberge and a Parisian salon. The play concluded punctually at 11, not tho ghost of a hitch having occurred throughout Wreaths, bouquets, 'and baskets of flowers were piled on to tho stage right through the evening, and it is calculated that there were sufficient flowers to hold Bnveral flower shows. In recognition of the enter prise of the triumvirate and tho abund ance Of talent which constitute tho com pany, the Sydney public will no doubt vie with the Southern capital in giving a solid and richly-deserved support to the Gaiety Company. The Alhambra Company played their bill to a large house on Saturday evening, and to-night tho programme will be changed in the usual way. Tho sacred concert was attended last night by a large audience, who showed what thoy thought of the performance by consistently encoring each number. The many attractions provided at Botany drew a great number of visitors to that charming resort yesterday afternoon, and whilst the concert in tho pavilion was liberally patronised, many preferred to wander in tho beautiful flower- gemmed gardens towards tho sea, or laze tho afternoon away under tho shade of spreading trees and dream that they were single once again. ££ Another week of " The Lights of Lon don " has passed by, and there is no sign of the interest in the piece abating. The play has now been running for oight weeks, and the fact that no change of bill has been found necessary speaks highly for the success of the sensational drama. Although there was a great counter attrac- tion on Saturday night at the Royal, still Iler Majesty's Theatre was well filled, and this has been the state of the building nightly. Tho audiences are as excited as ever over tho sensations, and the plunge into the canal is as great a draw as ever. Until further notice the " Lights of London Town" is advertised for pre sentation at Hor Majesty's. A good programme was presented by Ryan, Fanning and Hagan's Minstrel and Speciality company at the Protestant Hall on Saturday night, when the building was crowded with a merry lot, who laughed at the jokes, applauded the singing, re called the performers, and then went home, after enjoying a capital entertainment, well satisfied. The minstrelsy was as good as ever, and the songs nnd ballads were nicely rendered. In the specialty business some new performers have been added to the list of tho company. Tho three Leopolds, clever acrobats, did a tumbling act, and David Arnott, a now tenor, con tributed to tho vocal list. The entertain ment was as bright and lively as over, and the programme wa3 gone through in splendid stylo to the satisfaction of every body. The usual weekly change of bill took place at the Academy of Music on Satur day evening, in the presence of a goodly house, which consistently cheered every item submitted for its approval. Tho various songs included in the first part were received with forbearance, and at times a second helping was demanded in tones that brooked no refusal. Mr. Bcuhatn was quite successful with "Wake us at dawn, Mother," but we have hoard Mr. Porter give a much more spirited rendering of " The Sleeping Camp." Arthur Sulli van's corner song, " Tho Dustman's Wife," caused the house to descend iu lumps, so to speak, and a bad riot was narrowly averted by his singing the last verse for the sixth time. " Scenes from Paddy's Market," a murder-provoking sketch, in which everybody did something funny and then fled, brought the first part to a " full point." Friedman's people, in tho last half, did the various acts with which they opened at the Academy. Deverc and Oakes scored a few in their really clever musical act ; Dempsey's " Molly, my daughter," met with its old success, whilst Miss Laurel's " Who's Going to Wear Them ?" was warmly _ welcomed. The Borani's did their Demon Act to a hand-clapping, floor- thnmping accompaniment by tho audience, and the SuIIivans in "Presto," the quick change specialty, was right on timo. At this stage the proceedings were finished off by the production of a faroo in one giggle and two sniggers in which all bauds appeared. This evening Canaris, the Gr:e;o- Friedman illusionist, will make his first appearance. In addition to other attri butes, he is credited with" being able to juggle with various articles- more neatly than an unemployed actor with a free lunch ; but wo anticipate. On Saturday evening next llm company get aboard the southern train and show at Goulburn, Wagga, nnd Albury, cit route for Mel bourne, where they open for u tfeason. 