DlOCESE OF BALLARAT. . (From our own Correspondent.) The annual exhibition and distribution of prizes in connection with the select school of the Convent of Mercy, Bal- larat East, was held on last Tuesday evening. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., in the unavoidable absence of the Bishop, presided, the following clergymen, besides a good number of the parents and friends of the pupils, being present:— Very Rev. J. E. Reffe (president of the College of the Holy Ghost), Revs. G. Doyle, J. F. Rogers, J. J. Cleary, Dr. Delany, J. Kissane, Fr. Brennan, Fr. Carey, Fr. Le Mire, and Fr. Cleary. The large class-room was nicely decorated, and there was a stage at the eastern end. The exhibition reflected great credit upon the Sisters of Mercy. The programme, which consisted of vocal and instrumental music and recitations, besides a scene entitled "Mercy," and tableaux of "Our Lady of Lourdes " and " The Annunciation," was well carried out; and the way in which the young ladies performed their several parts deserves all praise, and testifies to the excellent training they receive in this convent. The vocal music, both the concerted pieces and the solos, was well rendered, while the pianoforte selections were capitally played. A noticeable feature of the programme was a violin trio, consisting of Irish airs, which was very creditably performed. The portion of the programme, however, which took the audience by surprise, was a touching scene, entitled "Mercy;" and the tableaux vivants, which were very much admired. That of "Our Lady of Lourdes" represented the apparition of the Blessed Virgin to the peasant girl, Bernadette. It was very real looking and beautiful—the rock, the spring, and every other object being represented in the scene, while "The Annunciation" was a group that was simply perfection. When this portion of the programme had been carried out the curtain was again raised, displaying all the junior pupils on the stage. The Dean, assisted by Fr. Doyle, then distributed the various prizes, consisting of beautiful and well-selected books and other articles. After the distribution the Dean said that having witnessed the splendid exhibition given by the pupils to welcome his Lordship the Bishop on his return his expectations had been raised high, but he could truly say they were more than realised that evening. He could not give expression to the great pleasure he felt at the beautiful exhibition by the pupils which they had just witnessed. The music, the recitations, the tableaux, in fact everything they had seen, were executed in the most admirable manner— it was beyond all praise, and was simply perfection. He congratulated those pupils who had been successful in obtaining prizes. Of course all could not receive them, for if they did the giving of prizes would be useless, and would have no effect. He hoped, however, that those who had been disappointed would, on next distribution, be more successful. He complimented the good Sisters upon the great success they had achieved, and said that both the pupils and parents were under a deep debt of obligation to the nuns. The dean concluded by hoping that the pupils would enjoy their vacation and spend a happy Christmas, and that they would not forget the lessons and instruction they had received from the good Sisters. I desire to call attention of the Catholics of Clunes and the surrounding district to the sports that are to take place at Clunes on . Boxing Day, in aidof the local Catholic schools. Bothw in the number of prizes and events they will excel any, similar, annual gathering. The Clarke's Hill and Ormdnd hurling , clubs have consented to attend and contest a game for the championship against all comers. The meetings in connection with the sports are held in the Public Library, Clunes, and all are welcome to attend. The sports are . being taken up enthusiastically by all, as mere were never any in Clunes until the Catholics organised them. BUNGABEE. \ . . ,-/ The Eev. J. F. Eogers, who celebrated late Mass on Sunday, addressed the congregation on the necessity of providing their children with good. Catholic reading matter. There is, continued the rev. speaker, no agency for good or evil more potent than this Press.In considering the .character ofour. colonial -Press thejre ; was, unfortunately^ too much .reason to suppose t^at, its en^r 'influence was "pwe'jijpif on every otheripoint, gnd'iin many case? the i JPress displayed; a scarcely veil&4 hostility to Gl^tiajuty .itself. : Tfcongh open .flttftcja i on : Ch^h.^Wjpise,;yp course, to be deprecated, these could u easily met by a ferm resistance. Not however, the feigned friendship of that, in order to gain CatholS take more pains to veil their attacK that their action would be like that rf the snake in the grass-the more daneer ous because it was insidious. To oppose these powerful influences is the mani- fest duty of every intelligent Catholic and in order to do this it is abso- lutely necessary that the Catholic Press of the colony should be generously supported. There was a crying want of a daily paper, to be brought out under Catholic influences, to stem the flood of misrepresentation issuing daily with re gard to subjects dear to Catholics and to all the members of the Irish race Great movements could not, however be accomplished without affording due time, and in the meantime he (the rev speaker) hoped the people of the dig! trict would generously support the Catholic Press of the colony. DUNNST0WN. The Rev. Jas. Kissane, who celebrated Mass, read a list of the names of those who were to guard the gates and the outer fences at the demonstration in aid of the Catholic schools of the district to be held in Mr. Deveraux's paddock, Bungaree Junction, on Boxing Day. An appeal was then made to the ladies of Dunnstown to assist in furnishing the tables for the demonstration, as it would not be fair to throw the greater portion of the work on the ladies in other portions of the district. 