VICTORIA TIIEATRE. Mr. George C. MIiln as Hamlet. Mit. G. 0. MIm and his company ap peared at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday night, in the tragedy of "nHamlet." The house was well filled (especially the lower parts of the auditorium, which were packed) with a thoroughly attentive and appro. ciative audience. Such an. attendance speaks highly in favour of the his trionic reputation of Mr. Miln, and which had preceded his advent here. An appropriate overture, performed by an excellent orchestra, indicated that every care had been taken to give effect to the play by the provision of good music. The audience were at first taken by surprise at the opening scene of the tragedy, which repre •ented the Hall of State at the Danish Court, with the king and queen sur rounded by their courtiers, instead of part of the battlements of the Castle of Elsinore, as is generally produced. There were also other transpositions of the usual action of the play, and which, we think, on the whole have a good effect, rendering the moteif of the tragedy more intelligible to the audience. For instance, the transposi tion of the two first scenes enables the audience, from the mouth of the king, to strike the keynote of the position of affairs at Denmark when the curtain rises, which is amplified and made more interesting by the sepulchral disclosures of the ghost of. Ham let's father. Of course, to the initiated playgoer, all explana tion of this kind would be un necessary, but to those, perhaps, who seo "Hamlet " for the first time, this and other alterations will be found to be an assistance in following out the plot of the piece. Of Mr. Miln's im personation of Hamlet we may as well at once say that it is the most vivid, vigorous, and life-like that has yet been seen in Newcastle. Mr. Miln adheres to the commousense interpre tation of the character that Hamlet is not the least insane, but appears to be so in order by that moans to pene. trate the secret of his father's death. The Hamlet of Mr. Miln is not a milk.and-,ater hero of the dilletanto school, morbidly methe holy, going about sighing and moaning with no settled end in view, but a noble soul stricken with grief at the horrible not work of duplicity and crime by which ho discovers himself surrounded. He is a well-made, handsome man, at one time "the glass of fashion and the mould of form," but now averse to all enjoyment, and very naturally, through the heavy domestic blow that has befallen him. As to real insanity, the very lucid and to this day unequalled instructions to the players (a gem in itself as given by Mr. Miln) by Hamlet is a proof that no real misfortune of that kind had overtaken the Prince of ])enmark. Mr. Miln obtained a most flattering reception, and was loudly called for at the close of the first act. This favour was repeated twice during the play and also at the close of the per formance, although the latter did not terminate till a quarter past 11 o'clock, and most of the audience had to leave for the mining townships. So great, however, was their ap preciation of Mr. Miln's acting that they persistently recalled him at that late hour-an almost unprecedented mark of approval. There is a manly and yet affectionate feature through out the whole of Mr. Miln's rendition of Hamlet which at once enlists the sympathy of the audience with him in his misfortunes. The struggle in his heart between his love for his unhappy mother and detestation for her crimes was wonderfully pourtrayed, also the scenes with Opholia and his father's ghost. The soliloquies were given to a house that listened spell-bound and in the deepest silence, terminated by spontaneous and enthusiastic applause on every occasion. Mr. Miln's by play is exceedingly good, and never overstrained. The whole orendition was a great success, and a rich treat to all who witnessed it. Our space forbids us to linger over many details which are well deserving of notice. We can but briefly refer to the rest of the cast. The Kinu Olaudius of Mr. J. P. West is too well and favourably known to need comment. We are glad to welcome him and Miss Kate Douglas back to Newcastle. This lady's Ophelia is also an acknow ledged faithful portraiture of Hamlet's hapless love. Our old friend, Mr. J. 5\. Welsh, gives us as good a repro sentation of Polonius as ever, but.why. did he omit the usual didactic lesson to his son ? The characters of Hora tio and Laertes were very fairly taken by Messrs. I. B. Atholwood and A. E. Greenaway. Miss Louisa Jewett gave us a very dignified representa tion of Queen Gertrude. Mr. B. Greville sustained the two characters. of the Ghost and Gravedigger with equal ability on each occasion. The" rest of thocharacter, were allfairly sus tained. Some of the scenery was of a most imposing character, and the ar rangaments in front were well looked after by Mr. J. L. Goodman. Alto gether, Mr. Miln may be warmly congratulated upon the result of his first appearance in this city. " Ham let" will be repeated this evening. 