Death in a' Golden Shaft. BYrB. L. FARJEON. Among my few friends and many acquain; tances on the goldfields was a man of the name of Rick Paterson. My impression was that the name was assumed, and that he had passed through some kind of trouble at home in the old country. In those days England was always spoken of by the gold miners as "home" and " the old country," and always in tones of affection. I liked Rick Paterson, and he liked me. I was a youngster then, almost a boy, and I think he was drawn to me because I was the possessor of a few books-Shakespeare, Ossian, Shelley, Pope, and others. His age, Ishould judge, would be between thirty and thirty-five, and it was evident that he had moved in good society in England. We all looked upon him as a bit of a swell, though he was the last man in the world to give himself airs. It is necessary to mention that at that time I was what was called "a gentleman gold digger." Young as I was, I had made a little money, and was spending it in proa pecting for a golden reef. I employed two men, one of whom, Tom, a Welshman, I in trodoced into my first novel, "Grif." We lived, of course, in tents, and a jolly life it was. My money was vanishing quickly,'but that gave me no concern. I was young; I was babbling over with ani. mal spirits; I was confident of the future. No doubts and fears, springing from faint. heartedness, oppressed me. I was leading a life of freedom and adventure in a new and wonderful world. My tent was pitched on the top of a range, where my men and I were following into the bowels of the earth a "spur," in which, when we first spotted it, we found a speck or two of gold. This "spur." which was about the thickness of We!sh Tom's lit tls finger (he was an enormous man, and strong as Samson), was to lead us to the main reef, say, as a matter of pleasant Epecu lation, eight feat thick, and running twenty ounces of gold to the ton. I used to conjure up visions of monster cakes of gold cooling in immese retorts, all the colors of the rainboaw ayirg on theltb.krfa:es. By the side of the fournace in which the' gol tad been smelted were pails of quicksilver, which had fallen therein from the lorg pipes of the retorts, in showers of si:ver stars. There was not only freedom on the gold fields, not only adventure-there was ro mance, there was fairyland. For these won drous rainbow colors playing like living spirits upon the surfaces of great cakes of molten gold, these showers of silver stars. dropping from a height into clear water, were veritable-to those who were lucky enough to discover a qusrtz reef e:ght feet thick, crushing an average of twenty ounces of gold to the ton. Such things happened, and to men who have been navices and bricklayers in the old country. It fell to my share to dream of them ; but I was happy enough. Rick Paterson's tent was pitched in the gully. Sometimes,of an evening, I would go down to him ; sometimes he would come up to me; sometimes we met on the way. I think be enjoyed the hours we spent together ; I know Idid. We chatted upon all maunnr of sub jects, and he learnt from me everything con cerning my private life which was worth the telling; of his own private concerns he never spoke until the evening he came to wish me good-bye. The overland mail was in, and he had received letters at the post cflice. One of these letters contained a draft for one thousand pounds. " I must-go to Melbourne to get it cashed," he said " An agreeable sorprise to receive a draft for a thousand pounds, eh, young ano!" "Yes," I said, smiling; "shouldn't mind one myself." "Ihope you will never have a like ex perience," he said gloomily. I looked at him in wonder. "The money is mire," he continued, "but it is flung at me, and the letter containing it conveys the sweetest news. I am not a saint-I know that well enough-but I am not a scoundrel either. I have been my own enemy chiefly, but I thought there was one who would have stuck to me. When I bade her good-bye she wept a river of tears. 'I will be true to you,' she said, ' to the last hour of my life.' I believed her, and I turned my back upon Old England in the hope thati would return one day and make her my wife. I had got into scrapes, and a large sum of money was necessary to clear me. Till that was done I could not settle down; her people would net hear of it. Well, my scheme was to come here to the gold-fiids and shovel out the gold. But luck has been against me, so to carry out an idea of mine I sent home for money. Itere itis, and with it the news that, if I still wished to marry the faithful womnan,-I shall have to wait till she is either divore:d or a widow; I ehall have my revege, though. I am haunted by a dream of cold, and there are more unlikely things than that it will come true. I shall hit upon a golden reef that will be the wonder of the world. I've dreamt it, young 'un. Then I'll go back to England, and my money shall be wormwood to her people; they worship it, and so does she. What do you say to coming prospecting with me f" "No," I said ; " I shall stick to my reef here. Don't you intend to return to the gully I" " What's the use "' he replied. " Half a pennyweight to the tub will scarcely yay for tobacoo. No, I shall go and find my reef, and when I do you shall hear from me. If ever you get back to the old country look me up. Here's the address of a legal firm in London; they'll tCll you where to find me. I'm sorry to part with you, young 'un." "Not so sorry as I am," I said. " I shan't know what to do with myself of an even. ing." \- We stopped up late talking. It was a most lovely night, and we strolled about the range, opening our hearts to each other. From the height upon which we stood we saw the lights of the distant township and the gleam ing white tents of the gold-diggers. It was with genuine sorrow I bade him good-bye. I had hopes that he would write to me from Melbourne, but I did nothearanything of him. I can say with truth that I felt Skeenly the void which his departure caused. But the active life I led kept me from brocd ing upon it Welsh Tom and the other man SI employed, whose name I forget, and I fotl. loed the spor deep and deuiocalv into the dark caverns of the range, always buoyed up bythe hope of coming upon the golden reef for which we were prospecting. A nice dance that spur led us ; and at last we lost it altogether. We were a hundred and thirty feet down, digging through a bed of iron sandstone, which played the very deuce with gads and picks, and consumed no end of gun powder, and then it was that Welsh Tom ad -ised me to give up the hunt. Then it was, Salso, that Tom told me a piece of news about Rick Paterson. "I: heard in the township," said Tom, " that Rick and Loa Rivers are prospectling together." : I opened my eyes at this. Lo Rivers, who Shad been working in the gully close to Rick Paterson's claim, was the last man I should have thought my friend would hare chumbed with-a low-brrd, quarrelsome fellow, and my particular aversion. " .want to come acroess Loo," said Welsh Tom. "1'11 take my oath he stole that ehort handled pick of mine the day beforehe made tracks for another diggings. r'll make it warm for him if I catch him." We fell to talking about the reef in the vrain hnnt for which I had spent so much money, and I said we would work for another four weeks, and if we saw no indications we would turn it op. That is what we did at the end, not of four, but of eight weeks, " What stall you do, Tom I' I asked. "I shall go to Arrat," said he. "I'e been thinking of it a long time. There are golden reels in the ranges thereabouts." It was the common dream-- the golden reef) eight feet thick, averaging twenty cuahnu to the ton. I doubt if there was a mtasr in all Australasia who was not bit by that seductive serpent. " Will you take me as a mate, Tom t" I said. The reason why I did not propose that we should remain on the old terms of master and man was that my funds were running low. I had barely eighty pounds left, and E this I offered to throw into the venture. Welsh Tom could have saved much more than that in my service had it not been that he went on periodical sprees, during which I he got gloriously drunk, to the last shilling Lt pcrscesed. It happened, however, that he had not indulged in one of there sprees for the last two or three months, and that he could call himself master of some twenty torn and tattered one pound notes. My eighty pounds against his twenty would cqualise for a little while the disparity in our physical powers. But I am sure he did l not consider that; he held out his great horny hand, and the bargain was struck. The next morning we started for Ararat. It was rot Tom's intention to pitch our tent where diggers moat did congregate. He had his eye on a range of hills which he had crossed some three years ago, and thither we directed oar steps. We walked for two days without seeing a human being but ourselves, and then Tom said " Here we are." It was a wonderful range of hills, and literally strewn with quartz. My heart beat fast at the prospect, and after the fashion of gold-diggers I commenced at once chipping and breaking the stone and looking for gold. I came across a speck here and there, but Tom would not allow me to linger long. Pointing to the highest range within view, he said it was there we wonId put up our tent. It was evening when we reached the indicated spot, and then Welsh Tom, clutch ing my shoulder, said I I'm damned if somebody hasn't been here before us I" Sure enough there was a shaft which had been sunk, and from the earth piled around it we judged it could not be less than a hun dred feet deep. '" They've been at work quite lately," raid Teom, examiningthe indications. "We'll see what's at the bottom. But firt I must go and get a wicdlars." He assisted me to put up our twelve oy eight canvas tent, and then he started off alone, raving he would be back on the third day. I was quite content to be left t there by myself, and I pegged out a c!aim, sixty-four feet square, tnd employed myself during Tom's absence in rambling over the hills and chipping quartz for gold. On the the third day Tom returned, and by that time I had convinced myself that there was mere than one rich golden reef waiting there to be unmasked. Tom brought a windlass, rope, and buckets with him, and the flour and meat as well. The meat consisted of half a sheep, for which he had paid three shillings. Early next merning the windlass was rigged, end the rope fastened on it, with the Lucket attached to the end. I stepped into it. and holding the rope with my left hand, I gave the signal to lower down. In my right hand I had a lighted candle. Down, down I went, and landed at a depth of about a hundred feet. Bat within a minute of my taking my foot out of the bucket I gave the ingnual to be hoisted up again. When I reached hearen's light I was as white as a ghost and trembling like a .leaf. "What's the matter f" asked Tom. " Tom," I said, " there's the body of a dead man at thebottom of the shaft." " What's to be done I" asked Tom. "I don't know," I replied. "I don't dare to go down again." " You couldn't lower me, I suppose !" he said. I looked at him-a great boned man, over six feet in height. "I couldn't trust myself, Tom." "All right," he said. He lowered the rope and bucket, and then, by same means, made the upper end of the rope fast to the windlass. "' Be ready to give mea hand if I want it," he said, "and see that the rope doesn't slip. Keep tight hold of the handle of the wind lass." He swung himself into the chasm, and hand under hand let himself down. I was in great fear for him. A slip, a frail strand in the rope, and he was a lost man. But he reached the bottom in safety, and remained there some time. When his work below wars finished he raised himself to the top, and I gave a great sigh of relief at his 1 safety. "Well, Tom 1" I said. "It's true enonug," he replied, "There's 1 adead man at the bottom, and I've made I him fast to the bucket. What's more, he's been murdered." " Murdered !" I cried. " Nothing shortof it. A pick driven clean into his skull, and with such force that the i point of it got fixed in the stone. It was as much as I could do to get the pick out and release the body. It must have been a planeed thing." "How do you know that, Tom T" " Well, the two men being below, one of them to be murdered, the d---- villain 4 must have made his preparations to get up again after he'd killed his mate. There was 1 no one to pull him up, and he mu't have fastened the rope to the windlass, as I did, and cot up and down that way." All the while he was talking he was at work unfastening the rope which he had firmly secured, and he now began to haul up the body of the dead man. " There's something more yet," said Tom. " What I" The men, whoever they were, were pros. pecting for a n.ef. Down a hundred feet, and no trace of one. Now if the murderer had waited another day-" " Well, Tom ?' "There would have been no murder done, that's all. The pick with which he killed his mate was tized so tight in the side of the shaft that I had a job to get it out, as I told you. I daresay the murderer tried to get it away, bat couldn't. Now, when I did get the pick free, Ifound it had been driven into a mass of quartz, and that the same blow which killed a man opened out a golden reef. Look here I" He rested from his labour, and showed me some pieces of quartz with lumps of gold sticking in them.. At first my eyes glistened at the light, but the next moment a shudder ran through me at the thought of the discovery under asuch circumstances. " Careful, careful, now," said Welsh Tom, as the bloody burden came into view. I ar isted to steer it out of the death chasm, and there it lay upon the surface of the hill, with lmps- of golden quartz all around it. "He hasn't been long dead," said Welsh Tom. "Not two days, I should say." S"All the moare chance of catching the Smurderer," I said, as I stooped over the dead Sbedy. MIy blood ran cold as I gazed at the I ghastly face. "My God 1" I cried, "It's Rick l'ateron I" . ""Sore erough," said Welsh Tom; "and Sthe man who murdered him is Loo Rivers. SHere'e the pick he stole from me. I could ewa anr to it, because of the 'T.' ect into the handle. I did it myself. Hie shall a swing fr it, as ithere's God in Heaven I Wemust make for the township at ones. -I r don't like lh·ipg the claim, but nobody knows we're here, and it will be safe enough for a few days, till we return. Let us start at once ; there's not a minute to lose." Wrapping up the horrible burden as well as we could, we made oar way to the town ship, some forty-eight miles off, ati there, as luck would have it, almost the first man we met was L-o Rivers. Before he had time to speak Welsh Tom seized him, and held him as in a vice. I could spin the story out, but I will content myself with raying that justice was done upon the villain Rivers. He died by the hangmaa's'rope. The business kept us in the township for some days, and then we returned to the claim in which we expected to make our fortunes. Our hopes were dasbet to the ground. There was a goldfields law that, if for a certain number of hours no work was done on a claim, it became the property of any person who chose to take possession of it. This process of taking possession of a claim was termed"jumping." Well, during our absence our claim had been " jumped," and when we got back to it we found four Cornish miners hauling up golden quartz. It was bard lines, but there was no help for it. The law was on their side. The reef that was discovered in the shaft in which Rick Paterson was foully murdered turned out to be one of the richest in Australia. I have often wandered whether Rick Paterson's people at home ever learnt what became of him. 