DOROTHY'S SECRET. By the Author of ' Patikncb BitOOKE,' 'A Doubtful Foiitune,' &c.; CONTINUED. The next day my 'alarm diminished. The ? picture could scarcely have heon taken away without hands, I nr^uod, having grown more ? reafionable in the I'ritflit rtaylij-'lit. Someone miist have taken it. Could there be any traco of the thief? And my first visit on reaching the hall was to my boudoir. I was amazed. The picture 'was in it place ! My cry of as tonishment brought Douglas from the library. Ho kissed me, and said, gravely — ' Yes, Imogen, I recovered yoar picture 'whilo you slept.' ' Where was it ? Who lmd taken it V I exclaimed. ' Miss Wynn, or, rather, I believe, the sister had borrowed it for an hour or two, to correct, or finish, or do something to nn old painting made from it long ago.' ' But why did she not ask me for it first V ' She sonfc Nest for it, I suppose — or — no' — rather confusedly — ' not Nest ; it was the Bister herself, I remember, who took it. They meant to ask you, but you were not in the way, and they thought that you would \- not miss it for so short a time. I suspected the truth, and after you were in bed called on Miss Wynn, and risked her about it. She was ju*Bt about to briuy the picture back. She is dreadfully distressed at having causod you'Bo much alarm.' . ' Bat' the appcaranco V I interrogated, with a return of my feelings of terror and nwe. i-Did you tell her of the appearance of the Blue Lady ?' ' Yes, but she refuses to believe in its being moro than the creation of your fancy.' ' Douglas,' I said, solemnly, ' it was not fancy ; it was reality.' ' But my love, I saw nothing. And what could cauHO a spirit — allowing such a thing to bo possible — to appear to you for a moment and then vanish ?' ' I don't know : but I know that I saw one plainly.' ' It was tome shadow cast by the firelight upon the picture — indeed it must have been imagination, Imogen.' ' But it was not — in truth it was not, Douglas.' ' Well,' ho said, soothingly, ' try to think no more about it, dear. Come to breakfast now.' It was easy to tell mo to think no more about it, but I could not follow such advice ; my nerves had had a severe shock. I wqb naturally timid and souBitivc, though my healthy mode oflifoathomo — the old home I moan — had braced and strengthened my natural character. From thbt wretched evening I could not bear to be alone. I lookod behind me at intervals with something I suppose, of the feeling of a haunted person, and I dreaded the twilight and the evening. I wonld not, could not bo alone. And now Dorothy proved a groat comfort to me. Sho gave up her ordinary habits of ascoticifltn to be with me when Douglas or Nancy could not ; sho reasoned with me, she soothed, she cheered. Of a morning she sat with mo in my boudoir, in the twilight in tho drawing-room, either with or without Douglas. It was very bad for my brother thus to bo thrown constantly into the society of a woman who had rejected him, and doubt less it was painful to Dorothy ; but sho seemed too devoted to her new task of cheer ing mo to heed anything. merely conventional or purely selfish. I'spoke to Douglas about its being painful to bo with us, but ho only answered — ' Imogen; 1 know my lovo is hopeless, but to be with her is happiness.' After that I said no more. We saw a great deal of Frank about this time Ho was very anxious on account.of my nervous condition, and used his best medical skill on my bohalf, regretting sin cerely, I could plainly seo, that he had even told me his own ghost-story. ' As tho oven closed in, and the autumnal galq swept ovor tho Welsh hills, my droad increased, and I could not shako it off. An atmosphere of mystery seemed to mo to envolop the PIob. Sister Monica left, but v?ns soon succeeded by another sister — a tall, gaunt, formidable looking woman, to whom I could uot ' toko' at all ; her name was Sister Bride. I had told Dorothy to use her apartments as if thoy wore hor own house, and she certainly did so. Sometimos I felt' a little cross at this suc cession of 'sistor's in our dwelling — but what could wo do ? Father Philip came often also, and fre quontly dropped in of an ovening in the twilight, and entered into conversation with1 Douglas on very serious subjects. Gradually; ho approacho'l that of religion, and engaged1 my brother in a controversy, which at first; Douglas sought to avoid,, but at length entered into, and used all tho powers of his fino mind and cultivated intellect in defond ing tho doctrines of Protestant Europe,, and especially of tho Church of England. To theso arguments I, laying on my invalid couch — for I was yot far from well — and Dorothy, sitting by me, listened — or perhaps I ought to say I did, for I observed that when Douglas cpoko sho took up her rosary and counted her beads silently instead of listening. Their arguments interested mo. I was struck by tho rich, full tones, tho oloquonce of Mr. Jerningham, and I grow to liko him vory much, though ray brother's answers; always appeared to mo convincing — indeed my own mind suggested ready replies to most of tho sophistry— as. I felt it .was—of tho Jesuit priest. Still he appoared to bo a kind, pleasant, amiable man, and I liked him os I havo snid, very much. Frank was a discordant oloment ; if, ho chanced to enter during ono of theso conversations, ho looked sulky immodintoly, and Mr. Jorningham generally took his loavo much sooner than usual. 1 Itnogon,' said Douglas to mo ono day, 'Frank has suggested that ohango of houso — I won't Bay of air — would do you good. Ho wishos you and mo and your maid to go to Trovanion and pay him a visit for a timo. Will vou go ?' 1 Oil, Douglas, I should liko it so much ! I hate Plus Madoo.' '.Thou. wo will go. And, Iraogon'— -with a sigh—' if you ronlly cannot bo happy hero, wo'SvillNaftorwards live olsowb'oro.' ? How good ho was to mo I '('ho timo was spcodily 80ttlcd-.wh.cn ouco tliC'Mh'vitution had boon accepted}1- nrirl wo wuro aooii iustnllod in Frank's clicory homo. Tho relief from my supernatural fears and the happiness of being with Frank Tressilian in his Dright, cosy house proved a grand restorative. I recovered my spirits, and be came again the lively girl I ba-1 been formerly. The days seemed to fly. After breakfast Douglas and I walked, sometimes acompanied by Frank ; in the afternoon we took long drives and made calls on our neigh bours. In the evening wo had mumc, or Frank and I played ch-'ss. It was n poriod of great happiness. But, though Prank showed that he was in lore every hour of the day, he did not toll me his secret ; and the period fixed for our return home arrived with out any declaration from him. My heart died within mo when the last ovening at Trovanion came and no word hud been spoken, and my pillow that night was wet with my tears. What did ho mean ? Why did he' look as if ho adored mo — press my hand whenever it touched his — sit 'in happy silence at my side for hmg intervals, and yet never say ho loved mo ? Was he a heartless flirt, or did some obstacle stand be tween him and his wish ? No words had boon spokon by him when the day of our departure, camo. Ho siid only that the brightness was going out of his homo, scorned depressed during the morning and at luucheon Mrs. Blake — the house keeper — was effusivo in her regret at our departure ; ' her master would be so very dull again — it was such a sad life for him all alone.' I rewarded her lihorally for her at tention to mo and Nancy during our stay, and tho old lady parted from me with tears in her eyes. Tho drive back to Plas Madoc on that dull December day was a dismal one for me. Douglas was in great spirits ; but I could not rouse myBelf to respond tohis observations on our pleasant visit, or his anticipations of ' a little quiot together now' at home. At length we reached dismal Plas Madoc. Dorothy was in tho hall waiting to receive us, as she had been on our first arrival. Sho took mo in her arms, kissed me tenderly, and said, 'I am no very glad to have you home again ;' and I — foolish girl that was— laid my head on her shoulder and wept. ' What is it, dear ?' Bho whispered, softly, as her lips felt my tears. ' I hate this place, Dorothy,' I sobbed ; ' I am so sorry to come again to Plas Madoc — I am afraid!' ' Ah !' she sighed, and she kissed mo more tenderly than before. When wo went into the light, I was struck by the change in her looks. Sho was thinner and whiter than over, and the groat dark oyes looked preternaturally largo and tnorn f'ul. I had not seen her for a month, Douglas, who -had often called at the Plas, was probably less struck by the change. ' You have been ill, dear Dorothy 1* I exclaimed. ' No ; I am quite well, and have been well during your absence,' she said ; ' but, though I do not seo much of you, Imogen, the Plas scorned doubly sad without you. Dorothy went with mo to my room, and stayed with us all the evening ; sho was genuinely glad to seo me and Douglas again. She had much to ask about Frank's home, and smiled with quiet pleasure at tho praises Douglas and I bestowod on him and it. It was with a very heavy heart that I found myself onco moro in my bedroom at Plas Madoc, away from Frank's bright homo. 