Fpotliglit Flashes. SYDNBY.-Mr. Miln'B Beason. in Her Majesty's) Theatre was brought to a oloso on Friday, Ootobsr 26, having lasted only three weekB. Previous managerial arrangomenta had, it seems, rondeted it neoeaaary to set auoh limita to hia performances. During his last week he waa aeon in Colley Cibbor'a version of Riobard III., in whioh he displayed oonaidorablo talent and undoubted vigor. Tho oharaoter, aa depicted by Mr. Miln, presented, indeod, no new pointa; at least nono to whioh any partioular interest attaohod. The actor, i with more or loaa oloaoness, adhered to the traditional business. In tho matter of oostumeitmay, however.be .noted that something of novelty was toborooognised, whioh waa alao to bo credited aa a nearer approaoh to oorrootneaa, and whioh oortainly involved no Baor.floe of picturesqueness. Though, ns most play goers are aware, tho Cibberian JRiohard ia that with whioh the naraea ot tue' greatest tragedians have been identified, there oan be no question aa to the faot that muon whioh he bas to utter is but fit "to aplit the ears of the groundlings." It is difficult to imagine that even the geniua of a Garriok or a Kean oould, in the passages alluded to, have made him appear other than a ranting androariog ruffian. In this respect Mr. Miln has about the average fortune, or mis« fortune, of all hiB predeces sors. Butin several of tbeBe scenes ia whioh mere length of wind and strength of lung oount for little, and really fine acting is required, Mr. Miln acquits himself with marked ability; for instance, in tho w oiav of Lady Anne, and ia Gloucester's interview with the Lord M*yor and the oitizens. Oa the whole, the impression created by hil " Riohard " waa a favor able one.-La-t Saturday evening " The Lights o' Lon don" gleamed once more in Her Majesty's, where # they ?have nightly been visible sinoe. Sis nights are the prescribed number for the revival of the popular drama, the reoent extraordinary long run of whioh will be|fresh in everybody's memory. It has again suooeäsf al y challenged admiration by its highly realistic * setting, and the thoroughly capable style in whioh it has been performed. " The Lights o' London " ! will servo to usher in a now sensational pieoe entitled " The Rajah ; or the Colliers' '- Strike," in whioh Mr. George Rignold will play a leading Sart, and in whioh Miss Kate ishop will make her re appearance.--In the Cri terion Theatre, a throe-aots comedy by Pinero, called. " In Chancery," and a cur tain raiser named "Bub bles," have boon the' attrac tions of the past fortnight. In the latter'tha exertions of Mr. George Anson, in a part whioh is a good deal suSges- ? tive of the delightful old Butterman in " Our Boya," deoidedly secure tho largest share of the applause. He exhibita genuine humor, too, in the oharaoter assigned to' him in the oomedy whioh fol lows "Bnbblea." It ia that . of an Irishman, a hotelkoeper and ex-oaptain of a militia regiment. From plays and novels innumerable M r. . Pinero may have borrowed hints for this personage. But ' he has turned thom to good . aooonnt. And deoidedly, in the banda of Mr. Anson,,the ; conception is realised in a , most diverting manner. Barr ing an occasional emphasis of a rather superfluous kind in the matter of brogue, the : performance is without fault. A_ curious idoa is worked out with respeot to the oentral ' figure of the comedy, and is : interpreted wi th great olever . noaa by Mr. Robert Brough. He depicts a gentleman who is supposed to havo Buffered a strange loss of memory, . ai a consequence of his haying . received a ^ Bhook from a , rauway collision, ins reooiieotions or everytmng \- which proceded that aooidont aro a blank, He has ' even forgotten hin own name, and hasn't tho faintest notion as to who or what bo is. Of ooaree, in obedunoe to the laws of fsvr Mool comedy, tho diffl onlties in whioh his distroauf ul condition lands him ate all of the mirth-provoking order. The Irishman ' proposos to mako him his son-in- law. Bat just when the marriage is about to take placo he is mistakon for a man whoBo namo ho haß innocently appro priated, and who has booomo tho husband of a ward in * Chancery, without tho oonsont of hor guardians. Tho fun ia kept up moat briskly to tho last. Tho muoh . bewildered gentleman's memory is rootorod, and all tho misconceptions, of whioh ho has boou at onoa tho ohiof oauso and viotim, satisfactorily explained. Thia horo'aoxporionooo, while ho in, BO to speak, in soaroh of himsolï, aro illustrated with vory natural and ingenious touohos by Mr. Brough, and, OB hardly nood bo addod, with vory amusing ones ns well. Miss Myra Komblo, aa the ward in ohanoory, has a oongonial part. So has Misa Maggio Olivor as th*! captain's daughter. Tho roat of tho ladiea and gontlomon inoludod in tho cast make a oroditahlo uso of tho opportunities affordod thom.-How firmly Miss Carrio Swain ; haB established horsolf in tho a good opinion of ( the Sydney publio is ovidont from tho BUOOOBB whioh has attended hor Boason in thef Theatre Royal. Aa Mah, in "Tho Minor's Daughter," Bho haB hor audionco aa ontiroly withbor os aho had When Bho ügurort in " The Tomboy," and well earns the very hoarty applause boBtowod on hor. The piece in question is, it will be remembered, an adaptation, from Bret Harte, not by any moans a vory skilful speoimonof playwright's work, but yet, in the oharaoter of the heroine-a creation onsrmingly innooent of all oonvomtionaliam-providing Miss Swain with chances whioh sko oan turn to tho utmost advanta ge. Hor accomplishment as a Bin gor and danoer are, as might be oxpooted, not lost Bight of in Mab, but Bho acts i ho oharaoter, too, with intelli gence and spirit, and with no slight appreciation of its pathetic OB well as its joyous side. Love and murder aro dealt within "The Miner's Daughtor," Mab's father gotting his quiotus from the knife of a Mexican ruffian. The latter tries to fasten the orime on tho girl's swaothearfe, but, needless to Bay, virbuo triumphs in tho long run. Thoro aro soveral situations of a highly sonaational Bort, and thoy de rive all tho additional interest whioh porfoot staging oan impart to them. Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan as Mab's father. Mr. George Leopold aa Yuba Bill, Mr. G. P. Carey BB a judge, and Mr. D'Orsay Ogden aa the treacherous Mexican aro specially notable figures in the oast.-- The well-known FauBt Family, have been giving their ""White Statuary" enter tainment in the New Haymarket Musio Hall. MELBOURNE -" Hands AoroBH the Sea " continues its triumphant career in the Theatre Boyal. The pieoe has proved a phenomenal success, though, when it waa fi ret put on, ita proBpeota seemed rather doubt ful.--Tho opera season in the New Princess's Theatre, whioh han begun with " Olivotto," is to last till Deoember 22. Six operas in all are announood for prodnotion.--Tho rovival of " Sophia " in tho B jon haB boon a vory aooeptablo ono.---In tho Alexandra Theatro Mr. Dampier haa produood "The Koyal Pardon " ; and, in accordance with the conreo whioh ho purauod in Sydiioy, ho intends to dovoto a night in oaoh wook to tho Shakespearian drama. Tho minatrol and burloBquo company in St. Goorge's Hall is doing good bueiuooa. A similar roport comes from tho troupo in tho Viotoria Hall. BRISBANE.-Misa Amy Sherwin, supported by Miss Joaophino Deakin and other artista, bogan a short oporatio aooBon on Saturday last in Her Majosty'a Opéra HOUBO.-H wry Eiokarde and bia Spooiafty Company aro drawing good honaoa in tho Gaiety Thoatro.-Tho Hicks-Sawyer Minstrels wound up tho seaeon in Brisbane last wook. ADELAIDE.-Under tho direotion of Mr. Bland Holt, Bonaational drama continuos to flourish in the Thoatro Eoyal. STAGE WHISPERS,-Tho rooent prodnotion in London of Bidor Haggard's " She " would appear to havo boen a Bomownat : qualified '. BUOOCSB. The contraat, indeed, between the high heroics oí the terrible Queen of Kôr and the familiar modern Bp eooh of her English lover ia described aa bordering at times on the ridiculous. The Bpeotaoular effeots of the pieoo would seem, however, to have been very striking.---M. Porell, the manager of tho Üdóon, has said that, onoouraged by his recent Shakespearian suooesses, ho hopes before his management of that famous houso is at an end to have presented to Eronoh audienooB translators of all the plays of Shakespeare whioh aro sti 1 in the category of tho acting drama.--Tho doath, from smoll-por, at the açe of 44, is annonnoed from Madrid of Raphael Calvo, an eminent Spanish actor, perhaps tho moBt famous representativo of tho olasßioal drama in Spain. -An English litterateur, Mr. J. T. Green, now fur nishes to the Paris REVUE D'ART DRAMATIQUE tho fortnightly review of tho London stago, whose latest productions are skotohod by him with a graphio touch. Tho Err noh printers, however, play sad ha?oo wi'h hie English names. Mr. Terrie, of tho Adelphi, becomes " M. Ferries," and his sailor part in " Tho Union Jack " ia dosoribed as that of "un Jaok Far Brittauerique."-The auooess whioh has attended Mr. Haddon Chambers's " Captain Swift " in the Haymarket Theatre possibly portends, accord ing to a orilio in the DAILY NEWS, a general re vival of tho sentimental criminal hero, who was temporarily brought into fashion Borne Bixty yea* s ago, by Bulwer Lytton; A wreath, whioh bad been presented to OharleB Wyndiam by tho aotora of tho Berlin Theatre during his v nit to that capital, and whioh was a fine sample of silversmith work, was recently stolon from tho vestibule of tho Cr tonon Thoatro.--Great intoroBt was created in Paris by tlio appearance, at tho Vaudeville Thoatro, of Da'y'a Amorioan Comedy Company in " Tho Turning of tho Shrow." Tho aotora wo- o adm red. But tho play was not muoh to the tasto of tho Parisian pubic M. Coquolin, cadet of tho Thoatro Français, pronounced it " crudo and terrifying." It may ho remarked thnt a similar opinion was nt ono timo hold by moBt Frnnohmon with roaroct to tho ontiro works of tho "Divino William."-A theatrical inhibition, tho idea of whiob, it appoars, originated with Miaa Minnio Palmer, ia to bo hold noxt yoar in London. It is to oonsiat of portraits of famous actors, pioturoa of Boonos from plays, collections of old playbills, modols of thcatroB, theatrical droosoa worn by oo'obratod Sorformoro, &o.-Mr.; Lionol Brongh (fathor of lr. Eobort Brough) has boon tho principal figure in an amuaing skit on " Dr. Jokyll and Mr. Hydo," onti'lod "Tho Eoal Oaao of Hydo and Sookyl." His imitations of Manofiold and Bandrr ann aro said to bo oxcoodingly grotesque Tho Ghost in " Hamlot " has of ton boon roforrod to in support of tho theory that Shakospoaro was a bolievor in purgatory. Writing on thia Bubjoot in ono of tho I English magazines, Mr. E. 0. Bumana" points out I that, whatever may have been tho religions opinions ' of the groat dramatist, tho sentiments expressed hy ".the-majesty of buried Denmark " are by no meanB suoh as an orthodox Roman Catholio oonld possibly ! attribute to a purgatorial spirit.-Tho Italian tragedian, Salvini, intondB to pay another visit to America. Perhaps it might bo Wörth his while to travel aa far as Australia, though, to bo sure, recent experienoo would not seem to onoonrago such a ven* turo on the part of a foreign artist. But, then, Salvini is something of a phenomenal aotor, and has thrilled audionoos to whom Italian has been an un known tongue.-All tho leading playhouses of Berlin ore lighted by eleotrioity. Tho Boyal Opera House ia illuminated with no fewor than 5(00 glow lamps.--; Gilbert ond Sullivan are nearly ready with a new oomio opera for tho Savoy Theatre. It is generally understood that the story is partly historical, and i that the scene io laid in " the spacious time of great Elizabeth."-The Theatre Royal, Glapgow, whioh had been closed for sometime, waa reoently re-opened by Henry Irving with " Faust." After the perform ahoe Irving made a rather witty little speech, ia _,_uuuj IfaUUDIIUK) up and down the earth, had nowhere mot with a mora kindly welcome than that given to him in Glasgow. The new theatre in Berlin, which is named after the great critio and dramatist, Lessing, may be called a modfll of beauty, safety, and oomfcrt. The pit can hold 556 persons, the first row of boxea 212, and the aeoond 396. The whole of the interior is built of iron, and thorp are no galleries.-From America the death, in his 75th year, is announced of W. P. Davidge, an aotor muoh esteemed in Shakes pearian and old English comedies. He was an English man, and his earlier experi ence had been acquired on the British stage. But since 1850 he bad lived in Amerioa. 