COLONEL QUARITCHj : : ' ' v.c: A TALE OF COUNTRY LIFE. . ' bt h. btder haggard, Xnth'or.of " Kino Soiomon's Mines," " Allen ; Qoatbumain," "Jess." " She," <Src.,'&c.; \- Now Finsr Published. All Right. Reserved. CHAPTER XLI.— (Continued.) Perhaps a subsequent race or trlbo bad found the chamber ready prepared, and used it to bury seme among them who had fallen in battle. It was impossible to say morf, espe cially as with one exception there was irjfching buried with the skeletons which would afsist to identify their race or age. That exception was . dog.' A dog had been placed by one of the bodies. Eridcutly from tho position of tho bones of its master's arms ho had boon loft to \- bla last sleep with his hand resting on his i bound's head. Bending down, Harold examined the seated Skeleton more closely. It was, ho dlscorored, separately jointed together with atrong wire. ; Clearly this was tho work of hands which were born into tho world long nftsr tho flesh on those mighty booes bad crumbled into dust. Bnt where was tho treasure ? He saw nono. His heart sank as tho idea struck him that he bad made au interostiog archtcological dis covery, and that was all. Before undertaking " / a closer search he returned to tbo hole and holloaed to George to como down, as tiiero was nothing but some bones to frighten him. . This the worthy George was at length with much difficulty persunded toj ijx When at last; he stood beside him in the vault, Harold explained to him what the place was and how ridlculouS/Wcre his fears, without, however, succeeding in allaying them to any considerable extent. And reallv when one considers the position, hut up as thev were iu the bowels of a place v which hod for centuries owned tho reputation Of being haunted, faced by a nodding skeleton of almost superhuman size, and surrounded by- various other skeletons all "very lino and large," with the most violent tempest that had visited the country for years sighing away outside, it is not wonderful that George was cared. "Well," he said, his tooth chattering, " If this ain't the maaterost one that Ivor I did see." But here lie stopped, langaage was not equal to the expression of his foelings. Meanwhile Harold, with n heart full of anxiety, was turning the lantern this way and \- that in'the hope ol discovering some traces of Bir James's treasure, but nought could lie sec. There to the left tne masonry was fallen' in. He went to it and pniled aside some bf tho tones.' There was a cavity behind, apparently B passage, leading no donht to the secret entrance to the vault, hut he could see nothing In it. Once more ho searched round. There was nothing. Unless tho treasuro was buried omewhere, or hidden away iu tho pnssage, it was' non-exiatont, that was all. And yat what was the meaning of that jointed skeleton sitting in the stone bath ? It mnst have been put tbthc for sbrno pnrposo, probably to frighten wonld-be plnnderers away. Could he be sitting oil tho money? He rushod to the chest and looked through the bony legs. Ho, his pelvis rested on the stone bottom of the kilt. "Well, George, it seems we're done,'.' said Harold, with a ghastly attempt at a laugh. " There's no treasure here." "Maybe it's underneath that there stone eornbin," suggested George/ whoso teoth wero till chattering. "It should ho hero or here abouts, sdrely." -This was; on idea. Helping himself to the boulder-blade of some deceased hero, Harold, . using it as a trowel, began to Bcoop away the oft sand- upon which the stone chest stood. Ho cooped and scooped manfully, but bo could hot Come to the bottom of the kist. Ho stepped back and looked at it. It mnst be one of two things — either the hollow at the top was but a 'shallow cutting in a great block of stone, orthc kist bad a false bottom. He literally sprang at it, and seizing the giant skeleton- by tho spine, jerked it out of the kiet, nd dropped it in a bristling bony heap on one -aide. Just as . ho. did so there came a gust of wind so furious that buried as they were iu tho ' earth they literally .'felt tho "monnd rock beneath it. Instantly it wan followed by a ifrightful crash overhead. George collapsed in terror, and for a moment Harold could not for tho life of him think what: had happened. He ran to the hole and looked up. Straight above kim he could see the sky, in which the first - cold lights of dawn wero qnirering. Mrs. Massey's summer-house had been blown' bodily. away, and' the "ancient British dwelling-place" was once more a) It -bad been for centuries, open to the sky. "The: summer-house has gone, George," he ' Mid. "Thank God that w« were not in it, or we should have gone too." \- !' Oh-. -Lord,. sir," groaned tho unhappy George," this is au awful business. It's like judgment." . \- it , mignr nave oeen 11 we nan neen up -above instead of safe down here," he answered.- " Come; bring that other lantern." ' George roused himself, and together they best over the now empty kiat and examined it, closely. : The atone bottom was not of quite the same color as tha walla of the kist, and there was a ' crack across it. Harold felt in his pocket and drew out his knife, which had at the. back of it -. one of those strong iron hooka that are used to extract stones from the hoefa of horses. This hook ho worked into the crack/ and- managed' ' before it broke to. pull up a fragment of atone. Than, looking round, bo found amongst , the \- rubbish, where the wall had fallen in, a long '- harp flint. This he inserted iu the hole, and ' they both levered away at it. . , i Half of the cracked stone came up a few Inches, far enough to allow them .to get their dngere underneath it. So it was a false bottom. " Catchhold," gasped the Coloael, and pull fcr your life." George did a he was bid/ and setting their -. knees against the hollowed stone, they tugged till their muscles eracked. " It's a-moving," laid George. " Now then, Ooloaal." . Next second they both found- themselves ou the flat of. their backa. The (tone had gives with B run. .... Up sprang the Coloael like kitten. The broken -stone was standing edgeways in the . kilt.- There was something soft beneath it. " The light, George, he aaid hoarsely. Beneath the stone was some layars of rotten ben.' . -Was it a shroud, or what 1 - fhay polled the Unen oat in handfale. One I nro l three 1 Oh, great Heaven ! - - t There/under the linen,- were row on row of ihiaiag gold coins set edgeways, i . For a moment everything swam before -Harold's , eyes, and hie heart stopped beating. > A for George, ho mattered sometmng inaudible \- bout-its being a "master one," and collapsed. With trembling fingers Harold managed to Sick ont two pieces of gold which had been tatnrbed by the upheaval of the stone, and t held, them to. the -light. Ha was a skilled <\- wnmismatologist, and had so difficulty in recog nising them. One waa a beantlfnl three pound . piece ef Charles I. and the other a Spur Royal of Jsmea I. - .. That , proved it. There. waa no doubt that i this was tba treasure hidden by Sir Jamas da . laMoile,.and he it must- have bun also who ...had , conceived the idea of patting a false bot- . . torn to the hist, and setting up the skeleton to \- frighten marauders from too treasure, if by any ( bines, one should enter. .For a minute or two. tbe men stood staring at \- each other over the great treasure which they i bad unearthed in that dread place, shaking with . the, reaction.. of their first , excitement, and . - geared j .able to apeak. " How deep du it go ?" aaid George. "Harold got his knife and loosed some fit the . top coin», wbich were very tightly packed, till i. be coald.move his hand in them freely. Thed . ha palled ont handful after handful- of . every . sort of, gold cola. . There, wee a j. Rose Noble of Edward IV., Doable Sovereign! of Henry .:,VIIL, Triple Sovereigns and wold 'Crowns of Edward , VI.; Doable Rials, Kiala and Ahflejs of.Mary ; Bo»e Royala, Bpnr . Berala, AageIs, large Severe Igna and Laurels . of Janual.; Double Rials ana Rials of- Elisa beth i| Three-pound pieces, Broads and Half -. Broade ef. Charles L, soma in greater quantity nadeomt- in ices, bnt all wore . represented. Handful aftar.hgndfnl did hf.pallent, end yet , tha bottom waa not reached. At last he came to it, -.Tha, layer, of < gold pieces waa- /about thirty inches' tbiek by toraa feet six.long, - " We mnat get tbia into the -bonis, George, ' before anyone is about." gasped the Coloael. . "Tee,. air, yes; bnt how. bo. we., a-going to . perry it . \- Harold theaght fer a miante, and then,- acted . thus..- .Bidding -George etay in the vanlt with , the treasure, which be was with difficulty, per- . anaded,. to do, ha climbed the -improvised rope- ladder and got in safely throngh the hole. In . be excitement he had forgotten ftbpqt,.tba anmmer-hoeae having been carried away by the . , gale which vu still blowing, though not with so much f dry \« before, and the wind-swept . desolation .that Jhet his view as he emerged Into the datrniug light broke . upoh hipe wltq a . shock. . Tjie aummer-honse was . clean gone, nothing bnt a few uprights remained of, it ; pad !> fifty vardi .aivay he thought be could, maka .. ont ,the cmmpled-up' shape of thereof. Her waa that ait' ' Quite a quarter of the. great oaks which were the glory of the place were down, ' eg, splintered -and ruined. , Bnt what, did he hare for the. aammer-honae sr.. the oaka now ? Forgetting hl» exhaustion, he ran down the slops and reached the house,' which ho entered aa eoftly as he could by tha'alda door. Nobody r waa abont yat, or would ho for another1 hour. , It wai OhriStmaa'Day, and hot a' pleasant ' ' morning to get np on, ao the servants, wbuld bs "nre tp lis , abed. . 'On bis way to' hl«' bedroom be peeped into tha dining-room, where ho had- . ' fallan asleep on the prevTons evening. When hahaifwoko np, it may be remembered, ho lit ' ''' .v) a candle. ' This candle, was now flaring Itself to i f death; for ! he had forg'otten ' to extingnish it, and by Hi side lay tht paper from which be had ' 7 ade the great dlMorery. There was nothing in it, of course, but somehow tho sight im pressed him very much. It seemed months since he awoke to find tho lamp gone out. How much tnav. happen between the lighting of a c.mdlo and its burning away I Sinfliug at this irite reflection, ho blew that light out, ami, taking another, went to his room. Here he found a stout hand-bag, with which ho made haste to return to the Mount. "Are you nil right, Qeorgo?" .he shouted down tho hole. " Well, Colonel, yes, but not sorry to soo you back. It's lonesome like down here with these dead'ers." " Very well. Look out 1 TherS'a a bag. Put an much gold iu it as you can lift comfor tably, and then make it fast to tbo rope." Some three minutes passed and then Georgo announced that the bagful of gold was rsadv. Harold hauled av:ay aud with n considerable effort brought it to the surlaco. Thou, getting the bag on to hie shoulder be staggered oil with it to the house. In lii9 room stood a massive seagoing chost, the companion of his many wanderings. It was about half full of uniforms aud old clothes, which bo bundled uucero- monlouRlr on to the floor. This done, he shot the hag full of shining gold, ae bright and uni corrupted now as when it was packed away two and a half centuries ago, into the chost, and returned for another load. Twenty times did bo make this jonrnoy. At the tenth something happenod. "Here'a a writing, nir, with this lot," shouted George. "It was packed away in the monov." He took thfe " writing," or rathor parchment, out of the mouth of tho bag and put it in his pocket unread. At last tho store, enormous as it was, was exhausted. " That's the lot, sir," shouted George, as he sent up tho twentieth bagful. "If you'll kindly let down that there rope, I'll come up, too." ' "All right," said the Colonel; "put the skeleton back first.", "Well, sir," answered George, "he looke wonderful comfortahlo where ho lay, ho anj; so if you're agreeable I think I'll lot him be." Harold chuckled, and presently George arrived; covered with filth and perspiration. " Well, sir," ho said, " I never did think that I should get dead tired of handling gold coins, but it's a rum world, and that's a fact. Well, I nlvir, and the summor- honso gone, and jist look at thim thero oaks. Well, if that beant a master one." ".Yon never saw a masterar, that's what you were going to say, wasn't it ? Well, aud take one tiling with another, nor did I, George, if that's any comfort to yon. " Now look hero, jujt cover over that hole with some boards and earth and then come in and'get some breakfast. It's eight o'clock and past, and the gale is blowing itaolf out." "A merry Christmas toyou, Georgo I" and he held out his baud, covered with cuts and grime aud blood. George shook it. " Same to you, Colonel, I'm sure. And a morry Christmas it is. God bless you, sir, for what you've done to-night. You've savod the old place from that hanker chap, that's what you ve done ; and you'll have Miss Ida, and I'm durncd glad on it, that I am. Lord 1 won't this make the Sqaivc open his eyes," and the honost fellow brushed away a tear aud fairly capered with joy, his red" nightcap waving on the breeze. it was a strange and beautiful sight to see the solemn George capering thus in the midst of tlmt windy desolation. Harold was too moved to answer, -bo he shouldered his last load bf treasuro and lunged oil with it to the bonse. Mrs. Jobsou and bhr talkative niece were np now, but they did not happen to seo him, and he reached his room iu safety. He ponred the last bagful of gold into tho chost and smoothed it down. It filled it to the brim. He shut tile chest and locked it, and then , as he was, covered with filth and grime, bruised and bleeding, nnd his hair flying wildly about his face, ho sat down upon it, and from his heart thanked Heaven for the wonderful thing that had happened to him. So exhausted was he that he nearly fell asleep as he sat, but remembering himself lie roec and taking the parchment from his pocket ho cut. the faded silk with which it was 'tied and opened it. On it was a short inscription in the same crabbed writing which he had soen in the old Bible that Ida had found. It ran as follows "Seeing that the times be so troublous that no.mau cnu be sure of his own, I, Sir James ds la Molle, have brought together all my snb- stancs in money from wheresoever it lay at interest, and' have bid the same in this sepulchre, to which I found tho entry by a chance, till such timo as peace come back to this unhappy England. - This have I done on Christmas Day, in the year of our Lord 1643, having completed' the hiding of tho gold while the great gale waa blowing. James pe la Molle." Thus on a long-gone Christmas Day, in the hour of a great wind, was the gold bid, and how ou this Christmas Day, when another great wind raged overhead,, was it found once more, just in time to save a daughter of the house of do la Molla from a fate as bad as death. urax/aar axiti. — ida uokb to jalbxt ilhit ' 7- Fate. Most people of a ocrtain age and a certain degree of sensitiveness of disposition, in look ing back down the vistq of their lives, whereon momory's melancholy light plays in fitful flashes like the alternate glow of a censer swung in the twilight of a tomb, can recall some one night of peculiar mental ageny. It may have come when first we found ourselves fnce to face with the chill and hopeless horror of departed life ; when, in our sonl's despair, wo stretched ont vain bands and wept,' called and no answer camoj.when we - kissed those beloved lips and shrunk agliaBt at contact with their clay,- those lips more eloquent now in the rich, pomp of their , unutterable silence than in the brightest hour of their unsealing. It may have come when our honor and the hope of all our days lay at our feet shattered like a sherd on the hard roadway of the world. It may have come when she, the sweet star of our youth, the Euro -and holy thing, the type of completed eauty and woman's.most perfect measure, 'she to whom wae given the chalice of our oy and who held in hor white band the love-begotten germ of all onr power, ruthlessly emptied and crushed it, and, as became ' a star, slid down onr horizon's ways to rise upon some- other Sky, Or it may have' come when Brutus tabbedj us - or when "-a- child' whom we had cherished struck us with a scrpcnt-fung 'of treachery, and left the icy poison to creep upon our heart. One way or another it' ba3 been with most of us, that loug night of ntter woe, and all will own that it is a ghastly thing to face. ' And ao Ida de la Molle- bad fonhd it. The shriek of the great gale rushing on that Christ mas eve round the stout Norman towers was not- more strong -than tha breath of the despair that shook her could not -sleep — who could sleep on tuch a night, the horald of such a morrow ? ' The wail and roar of the wind, the crash of falling trees, and the rattle of . flying stones seemed to form., a lit accompaniment to the turmoil of her. mind. She rose, and putting on her dressing-gown, went to tha window, and iit the . dim light watched the trees gigantically tossing in a great struggle for their lifo. An oak and a birch were within her view. -The oak stood the gale out — for a while. Presently there came ati awful gust and beat npon it. It, would not" bend, and the tough roots would not give, so beneath the weight of 'the breath of its destiny the' big tree broke in two like a straw, and its spreading top was whirled into the moat. Bnt the birch gave and bent ;'it bent till lis delicate filaments lay upon the wind like, a woman's streaming hair, and the fierceness of the' gust wore itself away and pared it. ; . ; , - . " Bee what happens to those 'who stand np and defy their fate," said Ida to herself with a bitter laugh. "The birch has the best of It." ': ' :: 1 " ; Ida rose and closedithet shutters ; the sight of the storm aflected her already strained nerves almost ' beyond :bearfng- Sho began to walk us and down the big room, flitting like a ghost from end to end and hack', again land again back. What could 'ehe do? What -should she do? Het. fate waa upon her; ehe could no longer resist the inevitable — she mnst marry him. And yet her whole sohl re volted from the act , with an overwhelming fierceness which astonished even herself. She bad kucVtvh'two girls who had married people whom they did not like, belug at the- time, or pretending to be, attached to somebody else, ahd she tiad observed that they accommoqatsd themselves to their fate With considerable ease. Bat it wae not to with- , her ; ,ghe was fashioned of another clay, and it made .her faint to think of what wae before hur: And yet the prospect wae' one on Which she could expect little aympatby; Her own father/ although porspually lie disliked tho man whom ehe must marry, was clearly filled .with atnpza; 'sent that' ehe should prefer Colonel Qnaritch; middle-aged, poor and plain, to -Edward Cossey ' —Handsome, young, and rioh as Croesus, "He cqnld, pot" comprehend or measure the extra« /ordinary gulf which her passion dp'g between the two. If, therefore, this was so wltn her own father, how would it be with the rest of the 'world ? She pacedsher bedroom till she was tired and then, in an access of despair, which was suffi ciently distraining in a person of her reserved and stately-: manner, flung lioreolf, weeping and bobbing, -upou-her knees, and reeling ber aching 'bead'tipon the '.bed, prayed as the had never prayed before that tme enp might pass from her. (To: be Cqntinueti.) " " 