Political and Social SYDNEY, TUESDAY ETESING. THE Centenary celebrations promise not to be a great success. t The proposed State banquet to be held in the . Exhibition building is regarded with much disfavour. The after-dinner speeches are to be delivered by persons who, it is known, are chiefly staunch Imperialists, and who have no sympathy with Australian aspirations, and who think that Australia should remain for all time a virtual ! dependency of Great Britain. The probability is that many persons who have received invitations to the banquet will not attend. If the PREMIES and the GOVERNOR were to hear the contemptuous langnage which is used by most classes in the city when the banquet is referred to, they would feel somewhat disturbed in their souls. LORD CARRINGTON is greatly exercised in his mind because tbe Labour organisations resolutely refuse to take any part whatever in the arrangements made by the Government for celebrating the Cen- tennial. The GOVERNOR has besought them to join in the demonstration that is to take place in connection with the unveiling of the Queen's statue. No 1 they will have nothing to do with the business. That damages the affair right off) I and necessarily throws a wet blanket on all the remainder of the Centennial festivities, for Labour represents considerably more than one half of the population. No wonder Lord CARRINGTON is con I cerned ; but he should remember that all the time he has been here, no representative of Labour has I ever been invited to any festivity at Government House. The moneyed classes have been invited ; but the mechanic, however skilful or gentlemanly he might be, has been kept out of the gates. The work- ing men are alive to all this, and they are not going to allow themselves to be used by Lord CARRINGTON to make a Sydney holiday. The State banquet is one of the biggest mistakes ever made by Sir HENRY PARKES. On a public platform last week, Mr. ABBOTT denounced the thing in the most trenchant language, and declared that on no account would he consent to be present. MB. DIBBS was in great form last Tuesday night. Some of the matter of his speech was old, but other portions were fresh, and he delivered the whole with such clearness and force that the audience were thoroughly delighted. It was nearly 10 o'clock when Mr. DIBBS concluded his address, but the people would not leave ; they were in the humour to listen to political talk, and during the next hour they got it to their hearts' content. Mr ABBOTT brought down the house. From him the Government got no quarter, and every hit was rewarded with a tremendous cheer. Mr. DIBBS Ls rapidly coming to the front again ; that fact ii undeniable, and ere long there will only be one 01 two of the daily papers who will be disposed to revili him. Of course they will do that until he get: into power. WE had a silver boom in the city last week. To a great extent it was worked up by a couple of th< papers, but partly it was caused by the min in; excitement in Melbourne and Adelaide. The paper: were jubilant, and predicted that the boom wonk go on growing for weeks, and become a pheao menai thing. Alas, for the propheices 1 The excite ment has already subsided, and stock, except in twi instances, is tumbling in price as rapidly as it rose By the end of next week the mining market wi! probably be as quiet as ever. This is a matter io congratulation, for the boom was nothing mor than a big gamble ; it did not increase the wealt of the community by the value of a farthing, j friend of mine has a large number of shares in on of the new mines at Broken Hill that came unde the influence of the boom ; he was so overjoye that, although he is normally a steady fellow, h forthwith went and got drunk. He caught me i the street, and threatened to pound me because refused bo be dragged into a public-house to liquc up at his expense. He was sure that destiny ii tended him to be a millionaire ; at that particule moment, however, whisky had made him a foo It is a curious thing that there should be peopl who, to express fullness of joy, must convert the stomachs into a grog buoket. THE political tide has turned in the metrópoli and is now rolling in with ever-increasing velocit and strength : a Protectionist candidate has bee chosen to fill the vacancy at Paddington. Mr. "Ï J. ALLEN is the chosen man. When he announce his intention of contesting the election, I did ni think he had the ghost of a chance. In mai respects he is not a suitable person to occupy seat in Parliament. The dignity of Parliament far above considerations of policy, and it would 1 better that Protection never came, than it w brought in by men who are frequently the slav of intoxicating drink. But to the Paddingtc Protectionists the principle was everything, and they went straight for the man who proclaimed as the central doctrine of his political creed, J the general election Mr. ALLEN polled between 61 and 700 votes, but last week he polled about 170 This shows that in the interval the Protectioni voting strength in the electorate has increased a thousand votes. IN their comments on the election, the mornii papers ignored this very significant circumstani Of course, they were not really ignorant of it ; b it did not suit them to make any reference therel That the Herald should have done this is remar able, for that journal prides itself, above all thin: on its impartiality. There was a time when tl paper was as impartial as a newspaper could b but that time is now past. THE Hon. JOHN DAVIES, C.JI.G., does not inte to be buried in the Upper House. Conversing wi a gentleman to-day, he said he would resign 1 seat at the next general election, and try to ge seat in the Legislative Assembly. But if JOHN wise, he will remain where he is ; the represen tive chamber has nothing to offer him that he cf not get in the Upper House. Two HUNDRED AND FIFTY men are to be dismisi from the service of the City Council next we They will have cause to remember the Centenni Doubtless, they will for the mo3t part go on to 1 relief works. It may be mentioned that 1 Friendly Societies, as well as the Labour organi tions, are unwilling to take part in the Centena celebrations. 