CHRISTIAN RECEPTIVITY. TEXT-St. Matthew, XV., 28. Archdeacon Julius preached at the Pro-cathedral on Sunday morning last a sermon on the above Suject. After some prefatory remarks the arch- deacon said that the common treatment of this event diil not appear to be s.itisf- ctos v. A severity, a slowness to respond to the cry for relief, is ascribed to Our Lord, which, as we ail know, is quite foreign to Ilia nature and attributes. It lias, indeed, been aliened that this is but simulation for a pur* pose—the end being the strengthening of the woman’s faith and the reward of her persever ance by the ultimate granting of her petition. That our Lord, who is perfect man, as well as pnfect God, should shadow his complete ami perfect man hood by simulating that which lie really did not feel is obviously impossible to believe. There must lie some deeper and better explanation of the event and its attendant circumstances. Our Lord’s public life of some three and a-half jears was confined to the limits of the Holy Laud. According to the Scriptures he does not appear to have visited any but the Jews. According, however, to the iievised Version he passed through Aedon. As lie himself declared “lam not sent but unto the lost sheep oi the House of ls:a< I.” Jhere is in these words an example of obedience to law. What is law? Amoie of action. Christ in his perfect and complete manhood is a truly wonderful example of obedience to law. The Jews, bigoted and fanatical as they were, were to be taught, while ilie Gentiles in Bagun darkness, who would apparently have gladly received Christ, were to wait until the commission to go and teach all nations had heeu retvived b\ Christ’s disciples, ami the Holy Ghost had come with power from on high. The teaching of oltfdienc ?. to Divine law was never more needed than atyre-en*. Irregular, spasmodic, self-willed, and undisciplined wcic the characteristics of Christian action in our colony of Victoria. A town, ship would have its four or live churches, whose un likoness in essentials of doctrine or even difference in ritual could only he discerned by a microscopic and ecclesiastical eye. These chinches have their under paid, half-starving pastors; and power, which might have been wi-ely orgau.u'url for action in the world aiound, ran to worse than waste in mutually destructive efforts. Instead of recognis ing the fact of law reigning in tpirituai, as it plainly does in scientific m dters, in which nothing seemed to be single, but all thiugsinterdependentami derivative, men take religion ami religi us action for a field in which individualism might mu mad. The world.no douht, owes much to the enthusiasm of such jikmi as Charles Wesley, who took the world for hi* parish, but there was a medium between the >elf.e intent arid isolation of an indolent selfish parish piiest, who cared not for next door neighbor and the diffuse meteoric ac tion of an unregulated enthusiasm. In his dealings with this Tyropheuiciaii woman our Saviour merely indi cated that his first imperative duty was to Hie “lost sheep* of the house of Israel.” The woman was a Gentile. To them at this eaily stage his mi sion had not a special reference, llis wondorful gifts, as P-gafds the Gentiles, while not withheld, were yet so to speak conditioned. The woman showed bv her perseverance and readiness to surmount all obstacles in the way of obtaining the object of her desire, that she possessed' a receptiv.t.y worthy of the wondeifi.l boon that she obtained. Take as illustrations (1) the c.i o of a music teacher. He lias, say, *2O pupils. The majority, some 14 or 15, may be taught the scales and the power of strumming the* piano—making day and night hideous—but as for mtisie, that was out or the question. A sort of noise, modulated after a fashion, would be got; but the soul of music could by no possibility be expressed. These pupils had no musical reeeptivitv. Th-uc were, how ever, the minority, .-owe four or five, who delighted their teacher by their ready receptivity, who really showed a womknful knowledge of the divine art, and who in their studies and musical pieces aprly set forth that “soul” that to the others w'as non-existent. Take, again, the case of a State school teacher. He had his class of, say, GU children. He knows well that to the majority of his class the work must be an awful grind—a grind alike to them and to him. He with these lias to work in view of the examination, ami, under present circumstances, with the fear of an in spector before his eyes. In the case of some pupils, a comparative few, the facts are very'dilferent. To teach these called and chosen ones is a labor of love, ex minations ami regulations arc forgotten, a divine ardor seizes botli teacher and pupils. The work is done easily, and constantly increasing demands arc made on the teacher, who glully satisfies these de mands. His pupils are rcecpl-ive. The same prin ciple can be illustrated by reference to congregiiions in churches. There is in every congregation a number, less or more, as the case may be, who are more receptive than their fellows. To them ilie preacher preaches. His discourse is of course meant for all, but all do not receive the seminal lite-givin: point of his discourse. They are not in a state of receptivity. He, the arch deacon, rememb-red when at Oxford meeting Lewis Carroll, the author of that delightful book “Alice’s Adventures in Womb-rland.” 'L„*wis Carroll, when dini.g with deans and professors, the heavyweights of society, did not at all give me the notion that lie had anything in him. The conditions necessary to the eliciting his true attributes wore not present; but when, with the dessert, the children came in, it was curious to notice how the children, with the happy unerring instinct of childhood, passed by learned professor ami ponderous dons, and fas tened on their true friend and companion, Lewis C.uroil. lie, for his part, left the table; ami shortly after, from a corner of the room, a circle of little ones, at one time in hushed attention, and at another con vulsive w.th laughtt-r, betrayed the hiding-place of their delighted amuser. This was another illustration at once of non-receptivity on the part of his fellow.observer guests, and of receptiv ity on the part of the children. Our Lord even would not do mighty works at Naza reth because of the unbelief—the non-receptivity of its inhabitants. The same law applied to personal religion. Let us all strive by a holy receptivity to obtain the good that an all-loving, almighty God is ever ready to bestow through Christ Jesus our Lord. After some fuither remarks the archdeacon concluded. There was a large congregation. 