LATER CABLEGRAMS. The following cable messages have appeared in , the Herald . London, Aug. 3. The Goodwood meeting was brought to a con- clusion to-day, when the race for the Goodwood Stakes resulted as follows : The Goodwood Stakes, a handicap, of 20 sovs. each subscription, with 300 sovs. added ; the winner of any handicap subsequent to the declaration of the weights of the Goodwood Cup, or any race value 1000 sovs., to carry 71b. extra ¡ weights accumulative ; the second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stakes j two miles and a half. Sir. A. Taylor's b h Stourhead, by Altyre Avonwick, aged . 1 Mr. A. C. Barclay's b or br h Clan Chattan, by Chippendale-Clan Alpine, 3 years. 2 Duke of Beaufort's br m Fealty, by Hampton Ragman Roll, 4 years. 3 A clerk named Grant has been sentenced to five years,' penal servitude for forging the name of Mr. R. Barr Smith, of the firm of Smith, Elder, and Co., Limited, Adelaide, to two letters of credit for £200. The Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, will return to Tictoria in October. He has arranged to establish at Ballarat orders of the Sisters of Nazareth and Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, of Stornoway, in the Is- land of Lewis, has considered the proposal sub- mitted to him by Mrs. Jessie Campbell Browne, a resident of Sydney, who offered to assist 1000 crofters and their families from Lewis to the colonies. The Rev. Mr. Hunter states that he is unable to entertain the proposed scheme of emigra- tion until the details of the scheme have been re coived. viermany ñas assumed, a proiecrorate over Pleasant Island, one of tin- Marshall Islands, a email group in the Pacific, and forming part of the Mulgrave Archipelago. The report of the proceedings of the sittings at the Pan-Anglican Conference at Lambeth baa boen ^published. The Conference resolved not to reoog nise divorce where no adultery had been committed, and refused to agree to the re- marriage of the guilty party where divorce had taken place. It was also decided that a polygamist should not be admitted to baptism. The report of the Conference is favourable to the proposal that Primates of the Australian colonies and India should be designated Archbishops. The Citizen publishes a report to the effect that Lord Carrington has intimated his desire to resign hiB position as Governor of New South Wales before the end of the year. [On receipt of the above telegram enquiries were at once instituted with the view of learning whether there was any foundation for the report. We (Heruld) have authority for saying that there is no truth whatever in the statement made by the ?Citiecn.'] London Aug. 4. Italy has informed the European Powers that tho Italian flag has been hoisted at Zulla, a seaport ?town to the South of Massowah. London, Aug. 5. 'The Riforma, an Italian journal, states that ' Zulla has been annexed by Italy at the urgent re- quest of the natives at that place. j [Zulla, or Zoulla,is a seaport in Abyssinia, situated at the southern extremity of Annesley Bay, on the £ted Sea near the ancient town o£ Adulis.] It has been officially denied that her Majesty will visit Baden, where, it was reported, a meeting was to take place with the Emperor William of ?Germany. The Judicial Committee of the House of Com- mons has cancelled the clause in the Agency and Trustees' Liability Bill relating to the investment of trust funds in colonial stocks. The frozen meat by the Orient R.M.S. Liguria realised 4}d. Meetings have been held by the companies hold- ing claims on the Etheridge goldfield in Northern Queensland, and it was resolved to amalgamate the various claims into one company, with the view of ¿UUJ.C uuviuuguijr ut3v<J.u¿i*ue uno uuu, The Shaw, Savill, and Albion Company's steamer Arawa, has arrived at Plymouth from New Zealand, i In replying to Sir Graham Berry's protest against the proposed alteration in the date of departure of the mails from Australia, Mr. Raikes, the Posb , «nasber-Goneral, states that the Imperial Govern ?*- ment will not alter their decision. He expresses the hopo that the Agents-General will induce their respective Governments to accept the situation. A volcanic uruption has taken place at Stromboli, in the Mediterranean. An immense amount of damage has been caused to the town on the eastern side of the island. [Stromboli, the most N. of the Lipari Isles, is 35 miles off the N. coast of Sicily ; about nine mile's in circuit. It consists entirely of a single volcanic mountain, which has its culminating point and crater on the N.W. side, 2500ft. above sea-level, and from the top of which smoke and flames are continually ascending, and sending rays of light over such an immense space thab ib has received the name of the lighthouse of the Mediterranean. It often makes loud explosions, and dis- charges volumes of stones and ashes, but no proper eruption has taken place for nearly 2000 years. A few inhabitants consequently ven- ture to live upon it, and receive some compensation for the fearfully hazardous life which they lead in the amazing fertility of the soil, from which an exquisite wine is produced. Tho other products are sulphur and pumice-stone.] The latest advices from Natal state that it is generally believed that Dinizulu, who fomented the rising in Zululacd against the British, has fled bo the Transvaal. A desbrucbive fire took place at a house in the Bowery, one of the principal streets in New York, by which l8 persons {were killed and several others were more or less seriously injured. 