THE SEARCH FOR , MULLIGAN'S FORTUNE- Bx W. T. Pabeeb, Well, ye see, yer honour, Paddy Mulligan lived always to himself — that It, not alto gather, as ye might say, to himself thoroughly all out, for be wouldn't refuse e l>int, or a qoerl for tbs matlher of that, rem a frtnd now an' thin, bnt be didn't wans ro eDoouroge moon ot a resort to bit fodgu's. II waan t because Ibey wor in a back stbreet, for be wasn't proud. Tbe tllckens a bit of soneate wae In poor Paddy, but be bad tbe name of a bape of money, an nobody ever beerd tbe jingle of it but bim self. \- So it was a sort of ooriosily to find out bow bo was bvin', but. 'oute enough, he kep' all to himself, like a hermit of tbe mountains, whin be wte in his tcp bsok room. Now andt:,.o ye d find bim with an odd dhUlin', but, ... a motherless call, it was htnntt. Paddy teemed to bava no relations, or, il be bed, he didn't encourage their acquaintances. But there's one thing oertain — Paddy wae full up ot money, wherever on earth be managed to serape it op, Somo say that bo dbtamin' one nigbt be found ont where there was a crook of goold bid in the Dublin mountains — that be dug it op in tbe dark and carried it home in a basket covered with weter-cressee. Yer basket' s very heavy,' eiz a polls to trial tEo moruia,' What have ye got in it V Notbln',' stz Paddy, Jnet let mo look st notbln',' alz the palls, Ah, it's only sods for a lark I have in ha basket this mornin',' Well, jost for a lark, I'll have a look at thim,' tiz the oonitable. An' whin he seen tbo goold, Sit down on ibe ditob here,' eiz 1lA ' T ' m MAI AA?n; (A vfAA IM I Via fnvAA T don't like it, and I bete to be bd informer, so we'll divide the money an' say notbin'.' Paddy oouldn't help il, so they squared it on tbe uiiob. But that's only a bit of the gossip tbat got nut about bim— just becauee bis neighbours wire jealous, Two or three times be was on tbe pop ol . ban' murrled, but somehow bo foond out it Whs tbe money tho girls wor dbrlvin' at, an' he dhrew out of the job on a sudden. 1 He abeokmated thim,' as Lannigau tbe wax nse to gey, Well, tbo' be grew to be e pur'y stale owld bsokelor, all his money, wherever he kept it, eootdn'l bowld the breath in hio body. An one. mornin' after nondetin' what wbs become of bim thro' not bavin' turned np xinoe tbe day befor began, a polls brook open -the dure, and found poor Paddy Mulligan Matlhered over the bed,' a deed oorpse. Mrs. Colly, tho landlady, said, ' His aowl must hsvs tuck its flight in tbe night.' They bed s powerful earob all over tbe room for Ibe mooiy Dp in the top bask voom. An'aflber a terrible eight of tbroubls, U In Ibe world that tbey eould come across was four and nlnepenus bilf-penny in the lift-hind oelloo pocket of his throwsers. Tbe coroner brought bis inkwest round in' «at on Paddy ; bat psba I Tbey might ae well be Ibryla' to scrape tbe silver off tbe noon. Not a serep of each, or >any paper eoasarnin any deposit, was found either toeide tbe room or ontelde tbe room. This was the qnarest thing at all. What vn tbe world bad become of bis fortune ? Was it task by tbe fairies ? Or where was «t scattered to at all, at all? Ho badn t been robbed, for hie windy and Jlltv WAS h».1l.3 .11 _r A I- I ' , MUWIIDU Mil (lUt WUIO UO WBB found lyin' dead tbat mornin'. 8ome said may be tbe polis grnsbed it into alt mittens, or it might neve been tjikilted away be tbe owld boy ; for poor . Paddy ween t ell out a oomplate pattbern In regard of bis religious dotlet. : 08" that as it may, we'ro not goinrtp jirdgs tbp cratber, now he's gdne ; but what had- ... ftoqorae of his property' waa -pne of the dead xyurcta of the stbreet wbera Paddy lodged. Mielf, for i was ooortln' her, tiU I threw . « t' b.8I1»rnl0 that she oouldn't have stole .fl«fcoflt„.n the dlediu Ibe poot-bouae itnet. Weft, poor Paddy was only just pat into the ground for about a fortnight, whin thranger kem to tbe house, an' with blS teare tbwlin' down hi. note,' fa towld Mre Kerrigan, the landlady, that he was the l«t Uvta' nephew of Paddy Mnlligan, hi, uncle! He ditoonried her tor awhile, an' towld her be wae preperin lor tbe Oburah ; an', nlek in' a prayer-book ont of bis breast pocket. b« axed her, with a mournful groan, to be llowed op to Ibe room where Paddy gov dd bis gbost, so tbat he might pray a few girayere for tbe poor nn'ortunate epeirit of bis ouole. Well, he med snob a poor month, o' was so out op in respeot of wishiq' to wave bis uncle's sowl, that the widow oonldn't refuse tbe oratber. Bo be brought bim npstalre, unlocked the door, an' let him in. Be gave three long churchyard tight at If bit heart was brook. -An',' sir be, wid more big tears beltin' down bis nrse, eiz he, I don't went to be \- disturbed, Mrs. Kerrigan, while I'm at me prayers. An', wid y«r lave, I'd like to look meeelf fo.' ' To bs aura ye may, an' weloome,' six the. As she harried off dowusteire to answer a \- mock that kem to tbe dors. Well, be hoppln an' Ibrattio', ears enough be was a quire long time srraatlln' wid bia praytrs, an' ibs widow was bsginoin' to get topaUesi at Ibe laydions delay he was ' nakia'. An' (he wae jnet half-way op the < ftalre, when the tut was nearly took from i andbtr her be the (right of hearin' the most awful ssrsuhiu' somlfl' bom the room »wit rfae thooght ths nephew was saytn hie prayertr Wid the haul leppin' abool In tor boMWn be listened, an' sba beard a whlppla bawl ot Holy aainti in glory save mo J Oh, onele, let me ont, an' I'll never uar to eome nest tbo plana agin to look for Jt money J Oah owns, murober allva 1 Marcher 1 Will no one eome an aave ma 7' It was a very dark wlntber'e night, and Mrs. Kerrigan took fit In' jumps down Ibe stairs that ye'd tblnk she'd brake her neck. Ike heart was pat across, an' she ran ont without her boonet to Ihry an' get a poto» man, and. after tarohm' about tor some nme, she ooteb one hldin' in a hell round the norner, bavin' a amoks. ' Dome round, Itolls,' eiz eho, ' at once ; there's mnrdber In the bonae The polls tod only just lit the pips. Be didn't like to be disturbed, foe bo wae a proud sort cl constable en piokin' tbe eoal ont of his pipe, bs squared bimielf np before ber with a ooneated turn, an' stnffin' tbe clay pipe in his buzzom, be axed where was the tow. ' Ob, don't 1 tell ye eff round the eomer a man bee been murdbered up in tbe top rocm. Ctn e toted el otce, pclie, or Ibaiell bo holy slaughter.' Tbe polis piominedfd solemnly round the comer to Mrs. Kerrigan's borne, an' goin' np tbo etalrs, he pne nir. tncwianer igm ine uuiu an' lint il in. An' there, np in tbe off corner, bawlin' out for the bare life, was the nephew of his ancle, jammed sideways agin tbe waiutoot to tight thai ye'd think be was riowId' cat of il. Hii arm was stnok thro' a bolo in the board tight op to the toot of tbo abowldbsr, an' be roared tbat tbe gbost ol bis nnole or Ibe dlvil bad bim ootoh into tbe wall. >Vbile all ima foes and taronnie was goin' en in Mrs.- Kerrigan' hnnse, a man belted -sutiliheriextbouiefcr thehaieli(«,noDrlytya might tey, baif.nsked, in bie shirt an' thtuwsers. An' latin around for another polis, as lack would beve It, hedhropped on the eergeant, wipin' froth ofl bis mmntaober, ont of tho back dore of a pnblio- hcuru ' Sergeant, oomo round bere. I want to show ye a rat tbat I've eotoh in a thrap, en' I'm goin' to eel tbo tarrier at bim. Come on, eergeant.' Tbe sergeant waa ol a eportln' turn, so he started off at onoe to aee the rat-bnnt, an' I euppore wid a epeuit of keopln' ordber it Mere wasn't fair play. .Dp be wint np tbe stairs to tbe top baok room, His companion unlocked the dure, ' look there, sergeant — ye aee bow I've eotoh bim,' At tbe same moment there wae en eoho ol roars behind tbe wall in tbe next room. Aad bongln' over the ebelf of a press in the wall, an' tied by a t kelp of rope to the leg olthe table, waa tbe boman hand of a man. Ob, not a word of lie in II. It was ootoh there like a double-headed revet, Wiat'i yer name?' eiz tbe eergeant. M< name is Miok M Hngh.' ' Wrll, tell us ail about ir,' bIz the sergeant, Miok pointed to some bags of ooppers that wor Jyin' on tbe table. ' D'ye ree thim money-bags, eergeant 7 Well, I bad tbem looked op in tbe press, sore enough, safe an' sound. An' I bed only turned into bed, wben I beerd a leppin' an' soratebln' at tbe baok of tbe presa. I didn't mind it at first, bnt, begar, whin I heerd some bud outtin' and eoufflin' thro' the boord, I quietly onlooked the press, en' there 1 seen the light of a candle tbto' a hole already made in tbe boord at tbe bsek ol tbe press. 'An' either a while a band was Ibruat tbro the bole. The robber ot the world had only time to ketoh howld ot one ot me money- 1 begs, whin 1 put a stopper on his night's work be grippin' a sodden howlt of his fist. I bad a piece of rope in the cupboord just bandy, n' I tied bim to tbe leg of Ibe table, ' Sergeant, wasn't it fortunate tbat I hap pened to be In so early, or I'd be deslbroyed entirely?' Bnt where did ye manage to get all the bags of ooppers 7' siz the sergeant, Well, I'm a obarity oolleotor, and tbim It me ronnda for the week. An' only look waa on me tide, to be in soon tbis evenin', or I'd have got meielf into fiacoin' tbronble.' All this while there was great oommotion In the next room. 'Well, now,' siz tbe sergeant, 'do you keep an eye to the hand while I go into tbe other bonse, an' let it loose whm I give ye tbe word. ITI just find ont wbo ia it owns it i He thin wint np through Mrs. Kerrigan's bonae, an' Ibere he seen tbe other polio in a puzzle wid tbe neighbours round Paddy's nephew, where be was stuok agin tbe wall like a barnacle to a rook. 1 Let go yer bowld of bim, Miok M'Hugb,' roared Ibe sergeant, 'until we bring bim down to the station.' So Paddy's nephew was tbrotted off between Ibe two polis wid burglary an' false pretences, an' other serious crimes. . ' What have ye got to say why sintence shouldn't be pissed upon ye?' siz Ibe magistrate, ' Well, ye see, yer worship's honour, It's all very aimpla In regard ot how the matther happened. Whin I beeid of me nnole'a death, I was oook snro, all ont, that he mast have left money bid somewhere in the room, an' I invinted an excuse tbst 1 was goin to pray for bie poor sowl that's in glory, an' wbin I looked meielf in tbe room, fair an' aiay, I began tappin' the wainscot till I kem to a holla sonnd. " Ob, bedad, I'm all right now for sarteio," eiz I ; an I worked away wid tbe ehisel till I eoooped ont a bole. Me heart got op in me mootb wbin I felt Ibe money-bsgi ; bnt wbin I wis eotoh in ibe other room I wae enre It was the ghost of me nnole ttol was gnardln' tbe bags. That's ; all I have in regard of the whole eon earn, ; yer worship's honour,' Well, Larry, you'll go np for a month for desavin Mrs. Kerrigan wid yer false pre- lenses.' Thank yer worahip,' siz Larry; an' be retired into private life for foor weeks. Well, tbat was tbe finlshln' saroh for Molligan'e fortune. Tbe etory'e made ma .thirsty ; I'll bave another pint, yer bononr. 