Opening of Byron Bay Jetty. [BY OUR SPECIAL.] THE START. ACCORDING to instructions (Monday after- noon, of the 23rd instant), saw your own on board Mr. Wood's ooach, with two well-known townsmen, en route for the above scene of action, and as we drove along, could not but notice how the country had improved in every direction since my last trip, as many new buildings with nice gardens and cultiva- tions were to be seen, amongst which were the new waterworks besides the river, while the roads had also been cleared and formed in many directions, and there was a new bridge over Wilson's Creek, with new cul- verts ; but the approaches to the bridges are muddy, and the road wants clearing in several places, to widen it, and let the sun- shine in. Anyhow, great changes have been made for the better, and in my humble opin- ion, the drive from Lismore to the Bay, the Brunswick, and Tweed River, is one of the most enticing in the district, and well worth seeing by those who wish to form an opinion of what our Great Scrubs are really like. We soon reached the pleasantly situated town- ship of Bexhill, the grass around which ap- peared to be a little touched by the late frosts, and soon afterwards came to the pretty township ot Clunes, where many improve- ments had been made of late : and I noticed that Mr. Jarvis was busily engaged in the erection of a new house. After a short chat, we again started, and reached Eureka about 6 o'clock, where we had tea, and went to rest, and 5 o'clock the next morning found us in the coach again away to the Bay. Riding in the early morning was very cold, as there was a nipping and an eager air float- ing round, with Hamlet's ghost (in the shape of heavy mists or fogs) in the distance, and we were glad when the sun peeped through the trees, and warmed up the air a little. However we drove along, and ere reaching, the Bay had some very charming views of the sea and landscape, but were not sorry when after winding in and out under the tall trees, and up and down the sloping hills, we emerged upon the nicely formed road leading to the Bay, at the end of which was erected a triumphal arch of flags. We were soon under cover at Mr. Jarman's Hotel, where we succeeded in getting some breakfast, and then strolled down, to THE JETTY. At the approach to the Jetty was erected the triumphal arch aforesaid, while further be- yond, and reaching across the Jetty, was erected a pavillion, which was nicely decorated with flags and the beautiful ferns, orchids and palms, which grow in great profusion in this favored part of the district, the entrance to said pavillion having the words "Advance Byron Bay," in green leaves, while there was a trophy consisting off sugar-cane from Mr. Atkin's plantation, maize,' native heaths and flowers, and some magnificent bunches of bananas grown by the Messrs. Wareham (and superior to anything I have yet seen in the district) together with some large pineapples,. &c.; Passing,(through the pavillion, which was closed in with greenery the whole length, we emerged upon the Jetty, which is some 1320 feet long by a width of 26 feet, and stands very high ont of the water on 66 rows of piles, and 22 mooring posts (11 on each side), and is laid with a double line of tram- way throughout. In the centre is a flight of steps leading to the landing stage, where there is 17 feet of water at low ebb tide and 22 feet at high , but which requires some mooring posts to render it complete, the ropes at present having to be fastened round the said piles. The Jetty is faithfully and sub- stancially built, and reflects much credit upon the contractor (Mr. John Walton) and his employees. It is very plain and substan- tial with ornamentation, and would be the better for being tarred and painted in places ; but I suppose these things will come in the sweet by-and bye, when the trade of the place opens out, while an addition at end of Jetty, making it in the shape of a T should be an advantage. Going to the end of the same, the view is something magnificent, and can hardly be described, as before you lays the broad Pacific ocean glittering in the bright sunshine, whilst along the semi-circular beach, some 10 miles from the Cape, to the Brunswick Heads, the snowv waves are rolling in and breaking on the sands, while far beyond the Heads, the same could be seen stretching along to the Tweed Heads and Point Danger. Over this, as far as the eye can reach is seen the densely wooded country peculiar to this district, thousands of acres of which are only waiting for the advent of the white man to be turned into some of the most magnificent farms in the world ; while far beyond are seen, the ranges of the Big Scrub, the Brunswick, and the Macpherson, and just beyond Point Danger running out into the sea, the towering form of Mount Warning looks over all, making Byron Bay much re- semble that of Naples. The only other view approaching this in the district, in my opin- ion, is that from the Nightcap, on the Tweed Road ; and should the tramp of the iron horse be ever heard in this district, there is no doubt that thousands of our Sydney cousins, ennui for a change, will avail them- selves of the opportunity of having a new sensation ; although I question much if they would like to go back after passing through a land that should flow with milk and honey and possessing scenic views below which the fa** Hawkesbury or Blue Mountains, are as ****** especially when the richness of the land, and the geniality of the climate here, is considered. But to return, by this time the Steamer Comet from Ballina was seen coming round the Cape, and was soon made fast be- side the landing steps at the Jetty, where she easily discharged a goodly number of pleasure seekers, including a number of ladies and residents, of Ballina, the Big Scrub, nnd Lismore, and, amongst the latter I was glad to see the well-known uniform of several members of the Lismore Band. Meeting as it were in the wilderness, there was more hand shaking than is usual in our little com- munity, where we are divided into cliques, and where .our hearts,and feelings are getting crusted over by the cares and pomps and pride of life. Be this as it may, the Lismore Bandsmen woke up the echoes of the distant mountains by playing some popular airs, to the amazement of the oldest inhabitants, who perhaps little thought that such things would come to pass in their day, when the advance of civilization would be such that the most eastern portion of Australia, would be thronged by well dressed ladies and gentle- men, together with a grand show of horses and several well appointed buggies, including the well known ventriloquist, travelling through the district, who discoursed most eloquently and sold his wares, as is his wont on such occasions. By this time it was past 1 o'clock and most of those present then ad- journed to THE LUNCHEON, ETC. . which was set out in the pavillion aforesaid, and to which some 200 sat down up to the time of my leaving, although owing to the said pavillion extending right across the Jetty, to which it was impossible to stop egress or regress, many who were not bidden to the feast, were said to have partaken. It was doubtless owing to the passing to and. fro of many feet, that no speeches were made, and we were informed by one of the officials that owing to the Government not taking over the Jetty for three months, it would not be possible to open the Jetty on this occa- sion, as was intended. Luncheon being over, all present adjourned to amuse themselves as they thought fit, same indulging in long strolls along the beach gathering shells, while others bought fruit at the prettily decorated fruit stalls on the Jetty, and went out picnicing, while others after drinking healths at the bars of hosts Jarman and Beaumont (who ap- peared to do a good trade throughout the day), went to witness the foot and horse racing which took place on the sands with the results noted hereafter, lt was certainly a great novelty to see sports take place on the hard sand, and some of the horses did not appear to care for facing the rolling waves, and one bolted through the surf. At this time another steamer towing a vessel ap- peared in the offing, which was found to be the steamer Protector, under the command of Captain Fenwick, with the schooner Annie Moore bound into the Bay, and the latter soon made fast to the buoy near the wharf, while the steamer Protector came alongside the Jetty and relieved the steamer Comet, which went out schnapper fishing. With a slack line steamers and vessels appear to lay easily alongside the Jetty, hauling close in when required, and in ordinary weather there should not be the slightest difficulty in discharging passengers, or loading and un- loading, and hence the Jetty should be found very useful for the settlors in that direction. I saw some splendid pine logs being shipped by the Messrs. Wareham Brothers, laying for the schooner Annie Moore, which logs are put on a truck and run along the tramway, where they are let down into the water, and picked up by the schooner, who can thus load up in a short time, and away out to sea, with none of the trouble attending bar harbours, &c.; ;and hence the Jetty should be found a great ad- vance upon the old style of things, especially when the captains of the Queensland and other steamboats call in upon their journey up and down - so that Byron Bay has a bright future before it, and will soon make a trade. At this time the scene was very pleasing, as the people were scattered up and down the beach, with groups here and there witnessing the racing and sports, while a smart north-easter woke things up, and set the flags on board the Annie Moore (dressed from stem to stern) and on the Jetty dancing merrily, while over head was a bright sun, and the seagulls, and around the huge white' capped waves chased those wandering on the sands, and in the distance the tall pine- trees and the wealth of vegetation, and the distant mountains, looked down approvingly upon the scenes. Your own, though falling into the sere and yellow leaf, felt quite en- thusiastic upon the completion of what must be considered as a national undertaking, but somehow or the other, there was not much sentiment pumped up amongst those present, (although I noticed several who could do it, in the way of talking if they liked). Perhaps the subject was too great to grasp at the time, while the people were widely scattered ; and after mentally wonder- ing why a photographer was not present to take off the scene, feeling that I must do something to take off the surplus steam, I set off in company with a friend, fo a walk round the Cape, and a glorious run we had. The surroundings of the Cape are truly romantic, as there are sea washed sands and leaping waves, salt water lagoons for bathing, interesting volcanic rocks and caves, natural aquariums with, seaweeds and fish, auriferous quartz reefs and boulders, and at the top of the Cape, some magnificent building sites, nicely grassed, without a tree upon them. Truly nature has done much here, but whether man will follow in her footsteps re- mains to he seen. Anyhow, I would like to join in a grand picnic to the Bay during the coming summer months and if those going are not satisfied, to pay their expenses my- self ; and should any amongst us remain in this sublunary sphere long enough to see a railway running between Lismore and the Bay in a couple of hours, what a change will come over the spirit of our dreams, and what delightful outings the resident of our inland towns will have in the summer time. I am afraid, however, that too many of us will be "Angels flying in the air," before that comes to pass ; but one cannot help wondering that the present state of things is allowed to exist, and that such a magnificent district should be allowed to continue in a state of nature and shut out, from the world, while there are thousands of human beings running up und down in the land, and thronging the streets of our big cities, looking for bread when there is work for so many muscu- lar, christians in these great scrubs, ten acres of which is as much as any one man can work when it is under close cultivation. How to bring capital and labour together in these remote districts is the problem, the so- lution of which can only be hastened by the advent of a railway, which should properly open up this grand piece of country, and settle the people on the land. But the sub- ject is too great to grasp, in these hurried notes. After gathering shells and pebbles, self and friend returned to the scene of action, and us we pushed along, saw, the steamer Protector leave the Jetty with the Ballina passengers, and heard the strains of the Lismore Band on board, floating over the waters. On reaching the hotel, we succeeded in obtaining a bedroom, and after an ablution, proceeded to THE BANQUET, which was set out in the billiard-room at Mr. Jarman's hotel, and being got up in a style equal to anything we have seen out of Sydney, reflected great credit upon the good taste and judgment of those connected there- with, the room also being beautifully decor- ated with flowers, ferns, and palms. The Chair was taken by Mr. Graham, and the vice-chair by Mr. J. B. Kelly, and after ample justice had been done to the good things provided, Mr. W. Graham then, rose, and proposed the toasts of the Queen, and the Prince of Wales, which were drank with enthusiasm. Mr. J. B. Kelly then rose, and read the following letter,- Lismore, N. S. W., July 23, 1888. The President Byron Bay Progress Association. My dear Sir.- I regret exceedingly to be pre- vented from joining you on this important occa- sion, viz., the opening of the Byron Bay Jetty, which is destined to be the forerunner of other important and necessary works for the proper development of our rich though long neglected district. As you are perfectly well aware I always maintained that no single part of the dis- trict can progress without the benefits being felt throughout the whole, so that we here in com- mon with you hail with satisfaction the comple- tion of the first part of the jetty, which when enlarged in the near future, will make the Bay, not only a refuge, but what it ought to be - an important port of shipment. Accept my hearty congratulations. Yours. &c.;, LUDWIK BERNSTEIN. He said, that as the Committee had been in- formed that the Government would not take over the Jetty for another three months, it bad been decided not to have the official opening on that day, as proposed. He had intended to mention this matterat the lun- cheon in the pavillion, but could not get the people together. However, he hoped that all were pleased with their outing, and what they had seen. With regard to the present gathering, it was not intended as a banquet, but was a dinner got-up by Mr. Jarman for the entertainment of his friends. However, he (the speaker), would like to take advant- age of the occasion say a few words, espe- cially as it had been suggested that he should make a few remarks in connection with the day's proceedings, and he would endeavor to do so in as brief a manner as possible. It is now somewhat over two years since the first pile of the Jetty was driven, and although work has been fairly continuous during that time, the progress was occasionally somewhat slow on account of the non-arrival of the turpentine piles, most of which were obtained from Jervis Bay, which famous for that des- cription of timber. But if the work has sometimes progressed slowly (especially to those who were waiting to use this structure) I am happy to say that the quality of the workmanship has been such, that it remains, and will remain as a witness to the skill, thoroughness, and reliability of the work- men. Indeed I believe I am right in saying that the structure we have seen to-day, will compare favorably with anything of the kind hitherto erected on our coasts, or those of the neighboring Colonies. But the Jetty you can see and examine for yourselves, and I think it speaks for itself. While you are ad- miring it, I trust that you will permit me to give you a few items to show you why the Jetty is here, and how far it is likely to be used. Within a radius of 15 miles from where you stand - and when you, remember that we are almost a peninsula here, on this most eastern point of the Continent, and that several miles of rich country are yet reserved by the Crown,- you will see how small a limit that is. Within a radius of 15 miles from here, there are 400 holders of some of the richest land in New South Wales, enjoying a rainfall the very best in the Colony. These 400 holdings comprise an area of 70,000 acres, or an average of 175 each, being 15 acres above the limit allowed by the Government in special areas. Upon almost the whole of this land the residence, and improvements required by the Govern- ment have been effected. If the required improvements only had been completed, there would have been expended upon it £35,000, and £24,000 has already been paid to the Government on this land,- so that over the area within the radius the Government have enforced an outlay of nearly £60,000. But the occupiers have done more than this, not a few of them have expended an average of £5 per acre on their holdings ; and to the best of my calculation (and I believe that I am rather under than above the mark), the areas within this radius have had an average of £1 an acre expended on them, over and above that required by the Government. That is, we have to add to the sum of £59,000,- the sum of £70,000, to get an idea of the outlay upon the area in question. This gives a total of £129,000 expended for and upon the land within 15 miles of the Jetty. It should be remembered that this represented an outlay of capital sunk - capi- tal invested forever. Were he to give an estimate of the live stock and removable im- provements upon the land, they would have too many figures to carry away, but he would wish that the figures he had already quoted would be remembered. Now following up the capital sunk in this corner of the district and allowing 8 per cent, on the outlay, there will have to made annually, to pay interest alone, the sum of £10,320,- that is, £10,320 per year, before the holders can turn to the question of profits at all. You will thus see how vital it is, that the Jetty is not only a success in itself, but what is of equal conse- quence, that it is connected with the back country by good roads. Now anyone ac- quainted with the nature of the rich soils within this district knows that the best and cheapest main roads will be railroads. In speaking of the country round from the Jetty, I have used the term - radius, of 15, miles. Imagine then this segment of a circle or say semi-circle. Now a line from here to Lismore again divides that semi-circle em- bracing the fertile valleys of Byron, Wilson's and Cooper's Creek. This is the route of the proposed railway. A railway line from Lismore to this place cuts the Big Scrub, so that there are about equal areas on either side of it. The almost equal distance from Lismore to the circle I have drawn, embraces at least, equally good land, and equally im- proved, so that you may judge of the enor- mous amount expended on land and improve- ments between this and Lismore. Anyone who would maintain for a moment that such a line would do anything but pay many times over, must be an individual of extremely limited conception. I, for one. should like to be a considerable shareholder, in such a line. The 30 miles from this to the Tweed if scarcely inferior to the land between this and Lismore, and the land on the Tweed itself, is, if anything superior. But I will not detain you longer, and desire now to say to the visitors here to day, on behalf of the Byron Bay residents, we thank you for your interest and presence on this the first day of our public rejoicing. To our Ballina friends we say, we wish you good speed and good luck with your harbour works, and we trust that before many years, we shall be able to rejoice with you upon their successful com- pletion. To our Lismore and Casino friends we say, we hope before long, to be united to by bands of steel, or at any rate, by bands of iron ; and as we drink your good healths, we say - welcome to Byron Bay. (Applause). The toast having been duly honored,- Ald. O'Flynn (Lismore) in responding said, that although suffering from a severe cold, he could not refrain from expressing his wonder and admiration at what be had seen during his visit to Byron Bay, and believed that with the rich country around, its re- sources were such that it was destined to be- come the leading natural port of that portion of the district. Ald. Cloutier (Ballina), was also pleased with what he had seen, and hoped that the district would be fully opened out by means of good roads ; and believed that the people of Ballina would be ever ready to assist them in the good work. He would now pro- pose the health and prosperity of the Byron Bay district. The Chairman then responded, as did also Mr. E. Boyle. The room being required for a ball to be held afterwards, and some of the guests (es- pecially the younger portion) getting rather noisy and demonstrative, the proceedings terminated by those present singing "God save the Queen." THE SETTLING up for the Races and Sports took place after- wards with the following results :- ATHLETIC SPORTS. FOOTRACE.-Maiden Plate. 7 starters. Stewart, £2 .1 Sharp ........2 Handicap Footrace. 9 starters. J. McGettigan, 4 yards, £7 ... 1 B. McGettigan 11yards. £2....2 R. J. Richards, scratch, £1....3 HORSE RACE Maiden Plate. 8 starters. Chester, £3 ............. 1 Paddy. ................... 2 Byron Bay Handicap. Trickett £10 ..........1 Snip £1 10s ...........2 Vanity ... ... ... ..... 3 Hack Race December, £2.......1 THE RETURN. After this your own looked in at the Ball, and heard that those present kept it going until nearly daylight, so that taking matters all round, there was surely no lack of amusement, what with a luncheon, horse and footracing, a banquet and a ball. I think a meed of praise is due to Mr. Graham Mr. J. B. Kelly (a host in himself), Mr. G. E. Kelly, the Messrs. Wareham, and others ; hosts. Beaumont and Jarman, and hostess Jarman and assistants, for their efforts to meet the demands of the 600 people present, during the day, especially when it is con- sidered that the Bay is so far removed from the centres of population, and that many people when abroad are rather, exacting. Taking matters for all in all, I think that the parties concerned did wonders under the circumstances, and hope that when the Jetty is formally opened, or there is any fun going on at the Bay that your own may be there to see. We left the Bay on our return to Lismore, about 8 o'clock, on Wednesday morning, and had a most delightful drive to Eureka, the beauties of the vegetation and country showing out well in the bright sun- shine ; and on the way back I noticed that good work has been done in clearing various parts of the road by Mr. J. Nilon and others, which it in to be hoped will be continued right through, as Byron Bay should become a favorite resort for outists in the summer months. On our arrival at Eureka we met two legal gentlemen penetrating the wilds on their way to the Tweed River District Court, and after dinner, left Eureka arriving at home shortly after 6 o'clock, feel- ing much pleased with the ride and visit to what is undoubtedly one of the grandest portion of this colony, and will yet become the homes of thousands well-to-do settlers. As yet, to go into this country requires the heart of a lion, and the pocket of a Roths- child ; but for all that, great and good work has been done by the settlers who have made themselves homes, and are clearing the trees, laying down grass, growing crops, and form- dairy and other farms. In conclusion, on behalf of self and com- panions, I beg to return our sincere thanks to Mr. Woods, of the Eureka Hotel, who was our whip throughout, and who was very at- tentive and patient, and is a splendid cicerone, explaining everything as he drives along. 