KIN, BUT LESS THAN KIND. onrrzui vr (coornucwii). AT the dinner hour leynold came in, loolk. ing tired and cross. He hold out his hand to his brother, and remarked it was abomin ably cold weather; had Guy had any skating ? " Must you go out again, Roynold 2" Mr. Oakley said, as his son gave the butler an order, without waiting for his brother's answer, and Roeynold said, sullenly : "Yes, to meet these fools at the ' Oakley Arms.' " "Let me go with you, Roynold; let me talk to them." "Thank you, I am capable of managing my own affairs." " Ioynold, are you crefnrl ? they are dos. Ierate, remember." " Sin'ce what period have you made my safety your chargo ?" Roynold demanded, sareastically, and then even he turned away from the look in Guy's honest eyes, He did not finish the bitter words burning to his lips-one day he might be glad of that. About nine o'olook, Roynold put on his coat to go out. Guy was standing in the hall lighting a cigar.. • . ' ' Going out 9." Reyuold asked, as he opened the door. " Yes. May is at the Leightons, and I half thought of looking in and bringing her home; but if you will let me come---" Good and evil struggled for a few moments in Reynold's heart. : e.' kn H ew that the moneliked Guy,~ that ?a word from him would go further .towards convincing them than fifty from himself, and he really was tired of the trouble coiso e quant on the affair, but it looked liltke a sign of.. weakness. He hesitated. Guy was shrewd, too, and he could not but remember Shis influneo. Thenou evil oonquered. "Thank you," hlie said coldly. I can manage my affairi'myself. IPerhapsI shall : want you on my return. ' Good-mnight, and take :care," Guy said,' on a sudden impulse. And Reoynold answered, shortly, "Goodl ,night" Guy went 'upstairs and unpacked his portmnuteau, then lie came down, and after some time, seeooing his ,fathor ,was asleep' by the fire, hlie put on his ':.coat and went out. It was then past ton o'olook,9. It wrs a flio night,"cold but oleari, and 'the wind was somewhat high. He lit a oigar, and walked along, deep in. .thought, till he came to the gate leading Sinto the wood whioh bordered the estate. Passing in, he walked by the edge o.of the trees, his mind running Uipon the strike at? the mine. 'Reynold takes the wrong way,!' he thought;' "If he only would--- what is Sthat.?" S Tho. last vords, s[0oehanl id weroe c .aused by a sudden ory behind him,. " Guy, Guy I" : : : : He stopped, answering: ·' ,:.'!,Y OS.;' · -. : L . ' L ' . . . , ....And in ua few' momenites he heard ?wiftly:, .approaching fdotsteops, and IMay rushed up, broeathless with haste, ,a shawl hastily 'thibowi'baok from her terror-striken face. " May It'.'l i he oeichlined, amazedly. ":' ` Where have you come from?" :: :She caught his arm,, speaking ..as fast 'as ';she oould bqtweeu her gasps for breath: " .' I' hlave beoei at thoe Loeigltons, and' 'comihg' home we passed a group of men. arouohing behind some trees;. woe wore : walking quietly, and just as we paasod diione man spoke' out quite loud: ' He's to come on and tell ustthe end on it,':he said, ' and if it's still thie: old thing,' I'll do whlitr said; Syou've only to' warn me as he passos, anud this 'li end him,' Guy, he held up a ?/o?,r I saw, it behind the trunk of a tree,'aud then he said Roynold woild pass about half past ten, and I canme past as quickly as 'I could, and ran on to toll you. Robert has gone back to meeoot Roynold and warn him, 'Io caught siglht of you suddenly, behind the' trees by the light of your cigar." Stopping to satoh breath every now and .then,.she, choluded her. story, and Giuy started baok, with a smothered-" I feared something of this 1" . ; ''I'll go oniatonice,' heskid, " Heavoen grant I ,am :not. :;too. late" Roun home,. darling." ! . " May caughtl his arm, a sutidden fear seiing her. " You-you will be adroful, Guy ?.'. " 'Yes," he said, stooping.to kiss her upl Sturned faeo. :"But I inunt snve him, Maiy,.!. Gently unfeastening the oliiging fingers, "'and with ia low !'.thank you,. my darling I " he was gone, striding at a great rate thiough the trees. SWhen:he ' ?eached :hl OakleoyArms. no' 'one was, thero--the men had all dispersed, s"bliyrtly after Mr. Oakloy left the lanudlord' :said . ".! " ,:' ' .'" Gu.gy strb?do onhastily, hoping to overtake' Royoibld befoie he rohed Ash Oorh'er; i. , He reached it, nlo one was: in sight;:. iand in the darlkess' he' eduld see no sign of the mon. . , Suddenly, from the cross. roads, whiih' 'led past the oorner, he peirceived 'his brother's' taill:figure, in his weoll-lknown light c" oat '.a, a" . ' ? " ':Reynold s smoking aoigar. The ie't" instant Guy heard a smothered ourse from behind him, and then, even as he started o ,orwaiird towards Roynold, the olick of a igun. With no thought but for his brother's Ssafety, he rushed betweeoon the aimed-at and : the aimer, shouting to Reynold. SInstantaneously, there was a flash, 'a report, and Guy had fallen without a cry. Re. ynold had started, roused by Guy's ory to a sense of dangoer, and now he ran back, calling for " help I " There was another report, but this time the murderous hand was unusteady, aind the bullet only grazed Reonold's hat. " lHe disappeared, nrushing towards the vil Iago, witliout seeooing the prostrate figure, and then two figures came swiftly out from boe ' hind the hedge, and knelt down by the mau wio had fallen. IThey lifted his head, and a ory of horror Siburst from both. 2' , ~ i' r.Guy-it is Mr. Guy I" , There was a pause of awful significanoe, then, as if oeloctrified, they started to their feet and rushed widly away. . Reynold found 'no one on his wild flight o.· totho, 'villageo, and a dreadful thought strik "ig him as he rememborod whose voice had called to him,'ho turned and rushed back to the corner where the cry liead met his ear. Something dark lay on the strip of grass which bounded a hedge. Hlie knelt down and looked-looked once more, and groaneuod--shlriecked aloud in his horror. These cries-that indistinct memory of a tall figuro rushing between him and the levelled gun-this was tihe explanation I lHe stooped, anid with paleo and quivering lips, put his hanId over Guy's heart-his eyes wildly bent on the pallid face-all his life seemed to rush before him as lie knelt there; it was lilke the visions of a drowning manl, and as he waited and waited low moans brike flnu hris lips ,gain ai d again. . Guy--i, was Guy--and had he died to save him 1 It seemed to Iloynold that his eyes had suddenly been opened; that he found him self standing before a black abyss of shams and misery. He had wronged and sinned against his brother, slandered him, and been unjust and jealous all his life; and the end of it was that Guy had died to save him. As he waited, tihe pale, cold light of the moon shining on the ashy face at his lknee, he remembered words of Guy's, spoken in the heat of sudden passion, long ago-" Are you not afraid I shall revenge my wrongs ?" Ho knew only too well how great had been the provocation for those words ; how years of continuous and potty injustice ihad fired his brother's blood at last; but soon they had been forgotten, and this was the only revenge Guy had ever taken. Ai Reynold thought he bent down till his face'almost touched that cold oue,.praying, as he haind never before prayed in his selfish life, that lifo might come back to those eyes, colour to those lips, But there soeinemed no answer. Centuries appeared to have passed before the: esudden sound of advauncing footsteps made hiimraise his head and shout for help. Agirl's figuro came swiftly forward, and as Roynold saw May's face he put up his hind as if to shield her from this sight. When she came near she knelt down, with an articulate cry of anguish, and Roynold seized her hand to draw her away. " May, itis too much; come away I " . She had put her hand above Guy's heart, and. was waiting, just as Roynold had done. He watched her, expecting a wild cry of misery, but she seemed unconsoious of any thing but her lover's face, though ever and again she gave a little moan as she smoothed beok thebo hair on Guy's forehead, gazing yearningly into the closed eyes.' " It ie--Guy ?" Reynold's answer was a groan of utter despair, and she suddenly looked up, aes if reoognising him for the first time., " ieynold-you here ?" . Do not curse me I am here'alive, and he--' " Has he died to save you? Have you, ~Guy ?Oh, God I surely-surely he will look up and say good-by; the parting will be for so long, and we loved each other so I Ieynold, why do you wait here ? Go for li'elp--are you mad ? God would not be so cruel. GGuy is not dead-he will not die I Leave me; I will watch here-why do you wait? " •Evon as shesopolke they both beard the sound of voices, and a crowd of men, hurry 'iag down the road, came up.. ;:Mhy sa: l the dillage doctor, and springing to her ,feet, olasped his arm. with fingers wlicli seemed of iron. ":"Tell neo--or I shall go nmad- is: he dead?" Would l eiynold over forget the awful moments which followed as the doctor knelt down and, with his impassive face, made a hasty examination. Voice and sipeech seemed frozen. iHe cotild 0nly look from the death-like face on the grass to the agonisod girlish eyes.at' his side as tlihey stood, heor hands looked over:her heart as if she pressed down the aiguisli wlhiih' would else have found vent in ories of agony and dospair. . :: I She askled the question--not he-as the 'otbr'at length looked up:' ,,,:,: "Tell me-iu.one word I" " ,,My. dear M:liss. Adair---no-he .:is Io" dead." r ?May fltng her' armis above her head, a' wild ory breaking' fromi' her!lips, eand then she fell forward at theirfeet. . :'Joy had been too mui. eoynold stooped and.raised her tenderly, feeling as if some one had drawn him back from the very gates of hell.'.:: :. liHis prayer had been answered; every thing but a mighty flood of thankfulness and .,joy was ,forgotten' as he bore her away. Whlen hoe returnedhe'met 'the prooossion going towards Erleston " The:y moved slowly and with great care, but when tliohey laid Guy down in the old hall Roynold's face was the first his eyes miet, ais life,, slowly flickering back, dawned in ihis eye55. . He so.miled feebly. ' " ]oynold, you are all-right ?" ':Were othoso indeed Reoynold's eyes i thoso Reoynold's tears ? , " Guy, you saved my life at the peril of your own. You have heaped coals of fire 'on my head indeed." SThey drew him away then, and Guy was carried upstairs, Roynold waiting to explain all to his father, his face still pale with a look that seeoomed to say lie had come through the shadow of a mighty fear. All night lonug he paced the corridor out. side Guy's room, listening to the slightest sound, and, when morning came, the doctor allowed him to take his place by the boed side. Guy was delirious and did not know him, and Roynold's faeoo grew haggard with anxiety, though he said little, only glanoing every now and again with a look, whioh the doeator did not understand, at a coat which lay near, and on which theoro was a deep rod stain. If oven yet Guy should die ' Would that red stain over leave him ? In the light of this awful night it soomod to him his wholo soul lay bare before him, and he told him. self it was his hand, not 'Wills's, which hiad struek Guy down. In the wqoks which followed, one watcher never loft Guy's side; one hand was never tired. Night .?and day, snatching only a few hours' sleoop, Royuold watoho'd, soothing the suffeoror. with' more than a womaS's tenderness, and listening to tile doctor's report with haggard eyes, which seemed to dare him to speak of danger. Mr. Oakley looked on with unbounded surprise and nmazement-adiniriation for lieynold his one apparent feeling. But Roynold hardly spoke to him, he seemed to take no interest in anything but the details of the sick room ; the news that Wills had eoncaped fell on utterly callous ears. and when Mr. Oakley announced that, acting on advice, ho had gone back to the old wages at the mine, hlie seemed hardly to listen. Guy fought hard with death after the bullet had beien extracted, but the grim shadow wus lchased away at length. In hi- ,'lrins he. cel over i o i have lIevi '1 (',,,' besi'lu him. JIeyno](l'a he lur heldl th e culp to hia ll,, smoothed his pillow--Roeynold was always by his side, sleepless and watchful, fore stalling his every wish. IHe thought dreamily tlhat it was all very strange. Waking up one morning after what appeared to him a long night's troubled sleeoop, he was surprised to hear what seemed like May's voice, and then as hlie put up his hand as if to clear hIis eye sight, two soft hands took his in a warm clasp, and May's face was bent down upon his pillow, heLor tears falling fast. " Why, May I" "You promised not to excite him," the minister's voice said, then, and Guy seemed suddenly to remember. " Have I beeoon ill, May ?" "Yes, dear Guy, very ill; but you are better, and now you are going to get well I You will malke haste, wont you ? for I am, oh I so impationt l " HIeo looked at her fondly. "You told me that night, May, and we saved him. Where is lhe? Reynbld ? ' droamt,.you know, that he was here-so very kind and gentle-and once--I suppose I was dreaming-that I felt his tears on my face. Was it all a dream ?" The wondering words seemdd to stab fReynold, but he' came forward saying, huskily: "No, Quy,; I am hbrele"l "Why, ybu aro, old follow; and have you been ill, too ? You look like a ghost. The shot did not touoh' you, did it ? " "No, Guy; you savedme that.'.. "Did I? I'm very gladt Who fired it ?" ' Wills; he got off. " We wer'e a:ll :so anxious andl excited, "thatt no partioihlars were asked till morning, aud by that time they had escaped." "I'm very glad." That was sb like Guy that the minister laughed, though he broke off, to wipe'i his spectacles, and remind tlihem' that thelio doetor's " five minutes" were over. ? May rose reluctantly, stooping to lay the flower she carried on Guy's pillow. Reynold saw her wistful look as she glanced back from the doorway, and saw, too, how Guy's eyes watched her as she left the room. Something seemed to strike him as he turned back to his brother's side. That evening he had a long talk with the doctor, who seemed at first rather amazed, but ended by laughingly doeclaring he be lieved Mr. Oakley was quite right. " Mr. Guy would put himself into a fever counting the hours till she returned." Then Reynold went to his father, who seem'ed at first to think his son had taken 'leave of his senses. When there was a pause he looked keenly into the other's face. " You wish-you advise this ? Have you got over it all, then, leySnold ?" For an instant Reynold hesitated, a flush bhrning :on his face, then he liftedi his head.. :"I always shall love her the best ini the world, but she once told me, and it is true, thit true love would wish her happitiess, 'not mine; I'm going to try if I can get out of my old selfishnesss." '~ And Guy ?" i :Reynold's face qluivored,. and his eyes Seemed to burn. "' Father, all my life I have been unjust 'to' Guy-lhe revenged himself by risking his life for mine ; thank God, it isn't too late to.ehow him. No, I could never make up '-but at least I'll do my best I " Mr. Oakley was evidently too lost in amazement to speak, and Rioynold con tinued : "Please, don't think because this is sudden that I'm acting only on the im pulse of the moment I When I thought Guy was dead, it seemed to me that I would give my life-all I possessed--oould I be lieve he would come back to lifo again. I vowed to myself I would never wrong him again. I've been a mean our, but I see my own hatefulness now I Thank God it's not too late I" "You-- Roynold I" ' Yes--II You know what I did II first drove him from Erleoston, and then, if she had not been true, I would have stolenu her from him, and robbed her of her' faith:and, trust. Icould not sucoeed, booeuse she is what she is." Mr. Oaklley listened in troubled 'sileneo, and Roeynold left him to pay a visit to the manse. CItse PTEed VII, 'd o hi, It seemed very strange for Reyiynold'o he at the manoe, the minister's kindly-face op posite, and May listening to what hb lid to say, her sweet face a mixture of smiles and tears. "You really think he w ould improve faster ?" ' "I am sure of it-the moment she is gone he begins to conut the hours till her return. Give May to us, MIr. Done, and lot her help me nurse Guy back to strength." Was this really Reynold ? May could hardly beliovo the fact, and when the minister had said good-by, pro mising to " think the matter over," she ran after him with a shawl thrown over her head. " Ioynold, I want to speak to you." HIo looked back to seeo her face very pale in the moonlight, her eyes suffused with tears and her sweet lips trembling. " Ruynold, all these weeks I have beeon roproaching myself bitterly.I did you a great wrong and injustice. I said very cruel things. You have beeoon so kiind, the doctor says Guy almost owes hIis life to your care, and I have felt so repentant, so remorseful for all I said and thought I Can you forgive me ?" To her surprise he shrank back, not offering to take the pleoading hand she hold out, and when ho spoke his voice was hoarse and broken. " Don't--May, you strike me to the earth. You beg my pardon-mine IWhat if all you said and thought was true ? What if I did accuse him falsely-wrote that letter -poisoned my father's mind against him ?" It was May's turn to start, but she said gently, after a pause: " But you did not ?" " I did, I am guilty of all these thiugs and I think-I am suro hlie lknew. He risked his lifo for me all the same I Can you offer me your hand now ? It is all true, and yet I should like to tell you, since this happened I have seen my sin-despised myself moro than anyoune could do I I believe ihe hs forgi','el, 'an d w'ill forgive, even ?i hes I tell him sll. imre mrve. wee uanyii' like (iny." Perhaps these last words gained him complete pardon in May's gentle heart; she smiled sudduenly and put her hand in his. " Mr. ioynold, even if it is true I can forgive you; you are his brother, and as you say, there never was anyone like Guy." When Roynold raised his bent head, May was smiling still, though her face was blush ing half.shyly. As she met tihe look in his eyes, thinking how changed was their expression-how changed and ennobled the whole man-lshe seemed to take a sudden resolution. "Roynold, long ago you asked me for a kiss forGuy's sake. I was very angry then and overything was different. But now I am to be your sister, you know, will you kiss me as a sign that the past is all for gotten- dead to us both 2 Will you kiss your sister now ? " And Reynold stooped and ktissed the sweet face, murmuring her words, half-brokenly, "as a sign that the past is forgotten." A few days later, wheno the faint January sunshine was flickering into the room where Guy lay loolking at some flowers May had brought the day before, tie door opened and Roynold came in with a business looking document in his hand. His manner was eager, and excited, and Guy watched him curiously. " What are you up to, old follow 2 When did May say she would come ?" " A little after twelve." "Anud is it not twelve now ?" "No, only half-past eleven." Guy turned his head restlessly, and to his surprise, when he looked up, Reynold was looking at him with a strange mixture of moerriment, excitement, and emotion in his glance. " Guy, May Adair is not coming, to see you to-morrow." " What do you mean ?" "Nor the next day, nor the next." "Is she going away ?" "Not that I know of." " Are you teasing me, Reynold ?" " There will be no such person as May Adair, she will be May Oakley I lNo, don't look lilke that l Guy, old follow, I'm a blundering ass-I meant to tell you all day yesterday, and could not, for fear you would excite yourself. I have boon thinking-and so has the doctor-that you'd get better much faster if you had her here to look after you. You fret yoursolf into a fever counting the hours till she comes back, and we don't want you to open your wound again, croaning your head to see her pass from the window. So as she had no par tioular objection, and as the doctor thinks you must keep quiet here for a considerable time, we thought we would let you have her." " Reynold I " "We thought we'd have a mistress at Erleston. I want my sister very much." Guy's eager face was bright with surprise and delight, and he had just clasped his •brother's hand when the door opened softly, ianud Mr. Done came in with a white-robed figure by his side, who flew to bury her face in Guy's pillow, asking, "If he minded, and if hlie would not ex cite himself the very least little bit ? " Need we chronicle his answer ? It seemed to Guy that the sun suddenly blazed out then; he forgot the pain of his wound, the throbbing in his head, his weariness, and languor, and thirst--the sight of that sweet face seemed to have cured all these ills. He held her hand fast, his brown eyes shining, and his pale face radiant, while Mr. Oakloy and the old houseklteepor canme in, and the doctor mounted charge at the tolp of the bed. The pale light seemed' to conoentrate it self on May's face, and on the little bouquet of orange blossom at her nook, and Guy's eyes never loft the loving brown ones which seemed to smile at him tenderly through the whole service. It seemed to him that the minister's solemn voice did not last long, that the sweet words made his darling his very soon., When it was all over, the joy was almost too much, and he leant back faint and exhausted. And it was his own wife's little hand which bathed his brow-his wife who kissed him first when he looked up to smile at the group. "I think lIe will do now, Mrs. Oakley," the doctor said, glancing from May's blush ing face to the elegant signature which he had just made in the marriage register. "But I shall recommend that you will allow no more visitors this afternoon. I leave him in good hands-nothing like a wife to keep a man in order. Are you alarmed at the prospect, Guy 2" Roynold knew his plan had turned out a sucooess as hlie watehod his brother in the days that followed, for every hour he seemed to improve, and the satisfied look in his eyes as he followed May's light figure round the room was very different from the feverish restlessness of old. Guy was able to wallk before Christmas, and he and his wife went to Cannes and Montono for their honeymoon, the doctor forbidding all work for mouths. When they returned, Roynold insisted that Guy should go back to his old place at Erloston, but on a very different footing. I-IHe had a long talk with his brotheor one ovenouing in the shadowed recess of a deep window, while May played softly in the dusk. Guy must come back, because he, Roy. nold, was goiug away. He had made a mess of it all, and Ghy must show his forgiveness by putting evory thing to rights. Ileynold said he wanted to travel-see the world, and come back to find that Guy's wise and loved rule had put all the crooked things straight. HIe put his hand on his brother's sleeve as he concluded "And you'll do it, Guy, I know. She likes the old plance, and you shall have your due at last. My father always ought to Ihave allowed you a decent income; he will now. As to my share in your going away, you forgave that-and the other thing long ago. God bless yon-and her I" " But, Roynold, stay with us ?" " Not now. I want to start anew, but not here. The people hate mc, and I made a nIecss 'f everythingl. I'll try to do hotlter out there." He did as hle intdiled, in spite of all persuasion, sailing for America early in the new year, leaving Guy and his wife installed at Erleston. Last of all, and after he had wrung Guy's hand, he bent to kiss May. The tears filled her eyes as he did so, and Roynold said, brokenly, and as if in greatI surprise : " Tears for me, May ? " " Not if you promise to come ato;k to us, and soon." " But how can I promise you tliati dear sister ? It is beyond my power to do so, you know. I may never reach my destine. tion; or I may reaoch it to fall a victim to sickneloss, and an unknown grave in a far.off land may be my lot." "Oh, dear IReynold, pray do not say so," pleaded lay. " Would you be sorry, dear sister ? Would you think of me as tenderly as you could, if I were never to return " " Pray, pray do not imagine anything so dreadful, R?eynold. Promise me that, if possible, you will return soon." He promised, and stood on the ship's delck watching his "brother aud sister" waiting on the quay as the vessel sailed away; . ''lThe last thing be saw was May's fluntter. ing handkerobief. A woman, watching his face andfo!lowiigi his gaze, said pitifully: "That's his sweetheartl I Poor'yojrung fellow; how sad ho looks." Reynold heard her, but hlie did not move. Miay's voice ringing in his ears brought no aching regret-no wild longing to his heart. He did not wish that she washis. She was happy, and so was Guy,; and, ah I did they not deserve their happiness 2 Mlr. Oakley died in the following year, Roynold's name the last on his lips, add a few months later Reynold wrote to say' his passage was taken out, and he was coming home "to arrange matters with his brothers, and sister." But the good ship, ' "Bormond," in which he sailed, never roached England; it went down with every soul on board, ;:and Guy, and May awaited their brother in vain. They were master and mistress of Erleston now. Rteynold would not have guessed hoiv they mourned for him, though, knowing Guy's generous heart and May's tender pity, I do not think he would hiave been surprised. He had kept his resolve, and tried again to begin anew-had risen on his dead self to higher things. Guy's patience and long.suffering had not been in vain, and now he who had once been "more than kin, but less than kind," was tihe dear dead brother, cherished ever in their memory. For they had both long ago forgotten all the past, having acoorded that complete forgiveness which knows and will acknow ledge nothing to forgive. [T.E END.] 