THE GHOST OF THE STAGE. -x 'Back again so soon 1 I did not expect t6 see your smiling phiz untiltheflower bloomed in the Spring, trala !' exclaimed a well- known agent to an actor for whominhe had negotiated a long Winter's engagement. 'I'couldn't stay.' was the almost shame faced reply, and the speaker sank into a chair and helped himself to a cigar from'a box up'on" tlie'table. : . ; . 'Co ld stay 1 WMat was the matter f The study too hard; or didn't the- audience catch on to the beauties. of your style, Ned ?'. ' Nothing of the.kind.. I had a warning not to remain and didn't play but a single night.' ' Witning 1 Whew !' and the agent whis tied merrily. ' Been crooking your elbow too often and had a touch of the horrors, my boy.' ' You know I was never on the lush,, or had: even a suspicion of delirium tremens in °'my life. -No,,the waringi?was' of a very diffrent character.' . 'Turned Spiritualist and per?itted some. adeptf-of the Diss De Bar shoolj to frig tenL you with painted shadows ' 'If everybody had believed' as little : as I. haveodone.in sob-transparent ,humbugs--the entire race of swindlers .would have, starved to death.' 'Then, by the shades of Shakespeare, what." was the warning l How., did it comel Who brought it ? Tell me all the particulars. But take anothercigar to quiet your nerves, - my boy. Yourface is as - solemn as if your venerable mother-in-law had come for a long stay.' . . ' It is useless to attempt to: lauh me out of what I know to have been a-warning from the other world-, 'Other fiddlesticks! was interrupted im patiently.' - 'I won't cite the cases of men whom, the world has honoured and acknowledged- to possess the highest courage, You know, as well as I, that many of our' profession -are superstitious, at least influenced by some. mental -phenomena not to. act upon eertain nights or assume certain hearacters.' 'The remnants of barbarism and ignorance -the sailors' fear of Friday and black cats ! I thought you more of a man, Ned.' 'A month since'. [ would have smiled as. contemptuously as you are doing had any one talked to me of supernatural. things. Now l know the-' 'Ghost of his father that Hamlet saw was something more -than the outcome of a feverish, if not unsettled brain ? Probably,. but I do not care to discuss the matter in .view of iecent developments.'. "'Well, then, you went to New .Orleans and saw a gh?bst or something that frighted you into. returning to NeW York T: 'A savizig presence weie a more appropri ate name .:But .let me tell the story in my own way: - 'Proceed. I amiall attention.' '-You know how gladly I embraced the opportunity to'visit.the C'rescent City under such favourable auspices and to. play only leading parts " ' Yes, and a pretty inessyou_ have made of it. 'De let ime' have.my own. way.' ' And say I But I won't interrupt- you againi if I can help it.' ' Wishing to becomefamiliar with thecity, see the lions, take a spin over the famous shell road and get upon easy terms with the company. I anticipated the opening by several d~vs. T. say I was pleased with everything but the theatre doesn't begin to express my feelings.'-L" 'Humph! You must behard to.satisfy for it is one of the finest in the country. :'. ' Was-but no matternow. Themoment I set feet within its walls I had the depres -sion one feels when entering a cemetery. No one else appeared to notice it, but to. me the air was damp and noisome. Passing behind the curtain the sensation increased to such an extent that 'I coiuld scarcely cuomn mand miiyself.' 'Strange, for I know it tobe one of the I lightest,- brightest, most airy and cheerful.' 'To hard' been.' - ' W bt'do. you mecan, Ned, by constantly putting my words.in the-past tense ' • - '-- 'Because-when I have satisfied you y~i will know. I did my best toconvinceresaei that it -was simply delusieon. OtherwiSe acting would become ~eery difficult.' r ., 'No man co~ld do h.imself justice expecting -a ghost to pop iqp through a trap or out frbin behind thetirigs.' - ' Every effort was useless, and every time I entered the theatre, it was with a greater sinking of heart=-a premonitioni of some im pending calamity.' 'Pshasw! Cliitiate--or-. food didn'i agree wijth you. Lucky YellowJack waniEi' lirk ing around, br you vould have been the first victim.' .. 'Yoiru ised to keep stil' How c you dexpect a man to do so unader. such provoc?tion 7 'When one deliber ately-m?akes an ass :of himself it-is time his friends"proest. IHowever, I'll do my best. SAs. thle time for my appearace drew nearer the impression of evil deepened, be came- more intense, and I could appreciate the feelineg of the poor wretch having a wall built around him, within which, shut out from ligbt and air, he would lowlyie 'This is getting serious: . 'As I am gIld:tosee you atlast. Mak ing mert at the expense of the dead is not manly, but unnatural and unholy.' I \-- -The- dead. Nedd What do you mE.an1 I and the roice. in which the question was asked was-n-olonger scornful. - 'You silfhear. Somehow 1'got through rehearsals, though particularly, nervous and irritable and had I not-been dead letter per fect long before 1 should not have been able to remember. a single length.' 'Whlt was the play ? 'Well,' with an effort-at a smile, 'I was to be Hamlet to the Ophelia of a fair young debutante, and I doubt if anyone was ever better mentally qualified for the part.' .-'I should judge not, being like the noble Dane, the'victim of premonition and imagin ary horrors.' 'Itemember tiat I was an unbeliever in every kind of spiritual manifestations, had ng..reason -to expect anything other than stridtly human, developments, and under ordinary circumstances -would have been nervous only for the girl who was to face an -audience foerthe first time.' "And probably the last, except it might be in the-stock. How many such ambitious 'attempts and failures you and.I -have seen, Ned '" ' However this girl had beauty and plenty of money behind her, and in theatrical life they cover-a multitude of sins.' . ' And fillthe house:. So far at least they I are a benefit: But about the:ghbot. We ate forgetting 'her, him, or whatever gender the apparition mnight have been., ' There ~ts n~thing particiilar about tlhIe setting of the stage, except that riQ spirit ever. wandered at dead of night, or fair daughte`r' of Poloniuis ever-was so loaded down with flowers. Well; in my suit of sables I was 1making my first speech, when I became ?ivate that somebody not upon the stage was trying to talk togme.?' 'Sheerlimagination, my boy, but not a pleasant experience to one. whose mind was already in a chaotic state.' I? Ishut- my ears and fought against be coming the victim of an unhealthy hallucina tion, and managed - so well that no one indticed anything.unusual. -Infact, I divided the applause "with the black ringleted, black efed Oplielia' - ' That is yoi played rather from force of habit than of your own volition.' j" 'Tt insetliave Ieeir so.`: tBftl T iiii-fhiad ever been-foolish enough to -fancy myself a KI ean, Murdoch or Booth.' K:' Was more ofthe opinion, perhaps, of the greatest impersonator of Falstaff when asked if he had ever played Hamlet.' 'And his answer was. '.' Yes, and you ought to see how I. can Hackett.' But go ahead,, Ned; -your ghost must begrowing tired.of waiting for- the cue to appear' 'From the time. 1 first became- aware of the oppressing intfuence I was - never free from it-scarcely am yet. But its power was not so strorig that I could not" successfully control it until the grave scene. Then- it nearly overcame me. ..... . - " 'A bold presence. ' ... ' ....' Not to my mortal eyfes l :"I was talk'i ing of poor YorickiIexperienced ristrange I might call it 'magnetic?' for want of'a bet-, ter term--sensation, ancd as - I was attering the 'word, ' I knew him well, Horatio,' niy entire body trembled,.and so- violently. that the skull almost dropped from .my hands, and the teeth in it rattled so plaiply as to be audible. ,' - ' Strange !' was all the agent could reply, for the earnestness and evident truthfulness of his fiiend impressed him deeply. 'Not' tiippingly' was the actfon of my tongue, I assure you. Indeed I stammered along, vainly endeavouring to account for the chilling flow of blood,-- the- nuinbness of limbs, the almostparalyzation of heart and will.' ' And yet nothing tangiblef 'Nothing, except that.I: appeared to be swiftly tu.ringito an ice statue, but with every sense a huindred times more keenly alert and sensitive to sight "ind sound than ever beforde.' 'It was an erperience- through which I do not desire topass' - . -"" ' You niight- .well dread it. A moment rater ther? :'cime a voice, low, sweet, but sorrowful, iand I heari just as plainly as-you hear me- now, this' waining: 'Leave the theatre as quickly asyou can, and never re !turn. It ias death to remain.' ' By Heaven, Ned, tthat would have been 'too much for me had I beeacertain there wari no deception. .. - : 'By no possibility could tera have beep. The play was going .on, every one attendin"' to his Ijarticular business; I alone was chained by some mysterious spell, held by some weird' enchantment, fascinated by some- uuknow-i unseen, superhuman influende2 ' ' What.more V : ... .....: ' - \- 'Pride, the fear of being-laughel at, aalone kept me fromiinning;away, for I felt as a very frighteneid childt iiia, lonely graveyard at night.' - " -- -" - ' I well.rcIembcrlhow . whistled once to keep up -courage in such a situation,' ~'i~ ansvwered with a forced-sinile. - , -The dreadiif noti want oE conrage, is natural to everybe u ntil os erome by famil ?-' iarity. Howeve, I.had npt tme.to nerve minysel-fE ? ien 'i s Ei as ;reasoning a misty f6rm--what'I believe is technically termed :an 'astral body' 'a white,' traiSparent cloud arose from the:mimic grave, and thewords I was about to. utter froze upopn my very ' Some- one'yout had kinown in life, Ned V .was questioned ina6 low, quivering voice., ' iy dear 'wife. : .. .. ' 1 saw her as plainly as when she lay, cold, still and beautiful, in the coffin,' was asserted, W·ith tearful eyes and an almost sob. ' She was dressed'in the soft, white, flowing robes which she had been buried. Her long hair--how golden, it wyas you will remember-was flowing over her shoul ders; her eyes were just as heavenly blue, but her cheeks were colorless, and her usual smile changed to one of intense anxiety.' 'Go on,' was breathed hoarsely. 'The dead come from their grave, the dear dead of many years, if at all-and I can no longer q~iestion it-to save those they love from some impending cala:mity. So she came to save me, and the words I had already heard were repeated again, but infinitely more forcibly, almost commandingly.' ' To leave the theatre ' ' And never again enter within its walls. With spirit rather than mortal lips 1 promised to obey the warning. Then the look of anxiety changed to a smile of thankfulness, and the vision faded. away eveni as you have seen a small white cloud from thetsky.' ' And you became yourself again ' ' Much more so than before. With my mental,, if not voiced promise, a heavy load appeared to be lifted from my heart, my nerves to be restrung, my brain to become clear, my blood to flow with natural warmth, and I am certain- I never acted better.' ' A strange story, Ned, and very like the brain pictures of one burning with fever. But of what avail such a warning when-' 'Have you not heard-' 'Nothing to throw any. light upon the subject.' 'Then read.' ' My God I' exclaimed the agent, springing rto his feet with blanched face. ' The theatre destroyed by fire and many burned. This is horrible.' ' And from it my dead wife saved me. No it was not a dream. 1 do not attempt to ac count for it; but henceforth nothing can shake my belief in premonitions, warnings, call them what you will And it may be the love of those in the beyond, having become death less, exercises more power over earthly afThirs than we have any, even the faintest, concep tion of.' { Yes, it may be so,' was the solemn answer, 'and things now wrapped in mystery will become plain when we have entered the uin known, and "the ' To be or not to be ' is no longer a vexed question.' 