BISHOP OF HOBIART'S JUBILEE. The final re.union in connection with this event took place in the Presentation Convent school-room, on Thursday, in the form of a conversazione, at which there was an attendance of about 800 persons. The proceedings were opened by the presentation of an address signed by a large number of the laity of Northern Tas mania, accompanied by a monetary testi monial. The address, which was pro sented by his Worship the Mayor (Mr. B. P. Farrelly), and read by Mr. Tennyson, after congratulating Bishop Murphy upon the attainment of his jubilee, set forth the sentiments of those who had signed it as follows :-"The success of your missionary labours during the first years of your career is evidenced by the creation of the see of Hyderabad, and by your appoint. mcent as its first bishop at so early an age that you were for some time after your consecration, known as the youngest bishop of Christendom. Your Lordship will permit us to allude to the talent with which you preserved friendly rela tions with the civil powers, notwithstand ing your fearless advocacy of the rights of your flock and your practical opposition to the irreligious tendency of much of the le;islation of late times. At last, with health shattered by continuous labours, and compelled to seek a more genial clime, your early wish to serve God in Tasmania was gratified. Through you Tasmania had the glory of being represented at the nine teenth general Council of the Church, held at the Vatican under the presidency of his iHoliness of saintly memory, the late Pope Plus IX. Of your Lordship's work amongst us and on our behalf we see the signs throughout the land. Churches have been built, the ministrations of the Church have been supplied, convents and Roman Catholic schools have been opened. It was our intention to offer to your lord 'ship an object of utility, suitable to your exalted position and to your years, but yielding to representations of your present financial position, which we much regret to hear is not as favourable as it ought to be, we have decided on making it in its present shape." Bishop Murphy, in reply, referred to hin pride at being " a soea of St. Patrick," and at finding the descendants of Irishmen in these colonies inheriting the virtues of their fathers. He said : " It was not without a pang that I left my native country to pass to the arid plains of Deccan, India, where I passed the first 25 years of my priesthood, and where I saw the Church grow and increase, and become consolidated, for Hyderabad. whiclh was only a district of Madras, was at first raised to the dignity of Ia vicariate apostolic, and ultimately to that of a diocese. In leaving India for Tasmania, I was induced to do so from representations of its charm ing climate, and the fact that the founda tions of the Church were laid by my pre decessor, aided by a band of excellent priests, conepicuoe s among whom was your late lamented pastor, Dean Butler, whose exemplary life and apostolic labours have won the lasting esteeem and gratitude of the people of Launceston. Soon after my arrival I found my anticipations fully realised, which encouraged me with the hope the Church in Tasmania would not suffer loss in my hands, but ' would go on increasing in power and influence. Nor was I disappointed, for the new churches added to those already built, and the con ventual and educational establishments which have been opened attest the suc cessful labours of the priests, whom I was so happy to have is my coadjutors, and the generosity of the people. Our chief difficulty lay with the schools, owing to tle exigency of our means and the denial of the Government of a share in the educa tional grant, to which we have a just right. But this difficulty has been over come through the helpof God,and through parents recognising the obligation under which they lay of bringing up their children in the fear and love of God. I congratulate tihe people of Launceston on the splendid schools which they have, and which under the direction of their able pastor and management of accomplished teachers are in a position to compare favourably with well endowed schools around them. My presence atthe Vatican Council was a thing never to be forgotten. To be associated with the bhigh diginiti?ie-s o the Roman Catholic Church met there, presided over by the Vicar of Christ, and assisted by the Holy Ghost in deliberating and deciding on matters of revealed religion was an honourand a privi lege which the most exalted must appreciate. I am strongly with the Colancil on the question of the infallibility of tho Supreme Pontiff on matters of faith and morals. Again, I thankl you, and pray God to bless you all abundantly." ddresses were then read to Bishop MIurphy in English by Miss Bertha Nicholls ; Irish, MiEs M. Condon; French, Miss E. Keen ; Latin, Miss T. M'Auliffe ; Italian, Miss MI,. M'ahon; and German, Miss N. Crofton. Each of the young ladies wore a costume typical of tihe nation whose language was spoken. Tise Bishop returned thanks for the addresses ; and subsequently a concert, comprising vocal and instrumental musical selections, and recitations, terminated a most enjoyable evening. 