THE1 Every one who hoard of (he Buuy.ipJ flesh-curdling horroi boast. The old worl and vatnpiro, of Australia has nothinL never wero any fauns nor any naiads in mythological hero lei wonder aud enohhntj hand has carved rccorj grey, volcanio-lookiiij Homo lonely gullies, hewn in tho mountain certain dried-up lake—J extinct volcano—mid | committee o . , liuld i on ' lor the pdrRP Ithod oijf™ Key Wliftfir of an „4utlf suggests possibilities of a forgo tteW- . of Kor. .-Nature and civilization havo.beeii very niggard hero m all that makes romance. No Australian traveller over saw tho Uuuyip with his own eyes; and though thoro aro many stockmen’s yarns aud black’s pattern, winch lmvo to do with this .wonderful monster, they have all tho hazy uncertainties which usually envelop information ot tho logoiuhuy kind. Somonight, perhaps, when you aro sitting over a cnmp-Hvu, browing quart-pot tea and smoking storo tobacco, with tho spectral wliitogums nsmghko an army of ghosts around you, and tho horses hobbles clunking cheerfully in tho distnneo, yon will ask ono ot tho over landing hands to toll you what ho knows nliout tho Bunyip. Tho lmsluuan will warm to his subject as readily as an Iiishman to liis banshco. Ho will in dignantly repol your insinuation that the Bunyip may ho, after all, ns mythical ns Alico’s Jabhorwock; and ho will forthwith proceed to rolato how a friend of his had a mato, who knew another clmp, who had once in his hio had a narrow escape from tho Bunyip, and had actually beheld it. Ho himself hus never set eyes upon tho bunyip, nor has his mato, hut thoro is not tho Bmailost doubt that tho othor chap has scon it. Whou facts coino to ho boiled down, howover, 41 tho other chap’s ” stnturnouts will bcoiu curiously vuguo and contradictory, and, if tho details aro to bo accepted as thoy stand, a remarkable contribution to natural history must bo tho result, Tho Bunyip is tho Australwn^s^-BOtpoiit,; notion inthat it docs not inhabit tho ocoan, but makcH its lioino in lagoons and still, deep water-holes. For rivers aud running creeks, it appears to huve an aversion. ^ No hluok follow will objoct to batho in a river because of tho Bunyip, but ho will shako liis woolly head mys teriously ovor many an iunoccnt-looking water holo, and decline to dive for water-lily roots, or somo such delicacy dear to tho alioriginal stomach on tho plea that “ Dobil-dobil sit down thoro.” Dohil-dobil and Bunyip aro synonymous terms with tho block fellow vrhilo ho is on tho hank of a lagoon, though “Dubil dohil” in tho abstract roprcBonts a much moro indetimto source of dangor, aud has a furvmler scope of action than most mythological deities. “ Dobil-dubil ” isneonveuientwayof accounting, not only for plague, sickness, and disaster, but also for ]M3aco, plenty, and good fortune. Accord ing to tho religious code of tho Australian nlioriginal, Ormuzd and Ahriman do not work at opposite poles, but coinbino and concoutrato thomselres under one symbol. The supremacy of Dobil-debil is uncontestud,. and ho deals out proiniscuously boneUts and calamities from the samu hand, A medicine-man, profoaiung to tui in contidential communication with Debil-debfl, may kill or cure a black fellow according to his pleasure. Tho natives have a superstition, in common with ninny primitive nations, that if an enemy possesses himself of a lock of hair from the head of ono to whom ho wishes ill, and buries it in tho ground beneath a gum-tre«, the desjKiilcd person will sicken and dm as tho hair rots away. Xu that case, Dobil-debil must l>o “piullti-ed” [entreated] by tho sick person to unbury tho hair and cast it into tho ilro, when tho charm will be dissolved. Tho medicine man, therefore, has but to assure his patient that Debil-dobil 1ms refused or acceded to his request, and death or speedy recovory •will bo tho consequence. The blacks kavo an iiftpiah (lrollory and lovo of mischief, and thoy delight in imposing on tho credu lity of their whito auditors. Thus the stories of their superstitious must not bo ■iccopted ton literally. But it is certmu that when they show a distinct Toticenco regard to any reputed article of faith, it nmy safely bo looked upon U3 geimino, Tim blacks never will volunteer information ulnnit tho Bunyip; it has always to ho dragged out of them. When a black disappears, it is generally under stood that tho Bunyip has got hold of him, mid tho particular wator-holo in winch tho monster is supposed to livo becomes nioro than ovor an object of terror and a place to be avoided. Tho water-hole may have hitherto been uncon deinnod by tradition, and the blacks may choose to disport themselves in it; hut if ono of thorn, seized with crump or einmeshed in woods, sink to rise no more, tho terrible cry of “Bunyip ” goo* forth, and those waters aro from honcof orth shiumed. ^ # ■ Tho Bunyip is said to ho an amphibious animal, anil is variously described—sometimes us a gigantic snake; somotimes as. a species of rhinoceros, with a smooth pulpy skin and a bond like that of tt calf; sometimes as a hugd pig, ita body yellow, crossed with block stripes. But it is also said.to bo something more than animal, and among its supernatural attributes aro tho cold, awesome, uncanny fooling which creeps over a company at. night when tho Bunyip becomes the subject of conversation; mid a cer tain magnetic atmosphere, supposed to envelop tho creature ami to sproml a deadly influence for somo space around, rendering oven its vicinity dangorous, is particularly dwolt upon. According to legend,, it attracts its proy by moans of this mysterious emanation, mul whon suftlciuutly.ncar, will draw man or beast down to tho water, ami suck tho body undor, and without sound or struggle the victim disappears, to bo soon no moro. It is silent and stealthy, and only very rarely, thoy say, and always at night, has boon seen to rise partially from tho black water, which it loves, and utter a strango moaning cry like that of a child or a woman m pain. Thoro is a theory thnt water is^ a powerful conductor for tho kind of oloetricity it gives out, and that u pool with dry, abrupt banks, and no outlying morass, is tolerably safe to drink from or to camn by: but a lagoon lying amid swamp • lias nlwaj’S uii evil repu tation, nnd in sotno districts it is very difllcult to persuade n black follow to venture into such to mo whon I was in Australia regarding tho buuyip “Long ago two brothers—ono of thorn bo tall that ho looked down on everybody, and tho other of ordinary aizo-^wont to a swamp to got swans’ oggs. They found a great many; and, whilo roasting somo of thorn on tho bank of tho lagoon, tho nmallor of tho brothers said that ho must got somo. moro from tho swamp. Tho taller ono forbade him to go nlono. Howover, ho did go. Ho found a neat in tho miildlo of tho lagoon, and took tho eggs. When return ing to tho shore, ho heard a tubIi of water bohiud him, and saw.tho water-fowls in front of him hurrying along the water as if frightoned. At tho Biuno tiino tho bottom of tho marsh became so soft that ho stuck m tho mud, anil could not go forward. A great wnvo overtook him aud carried him back to tho neat, where a largo bunyip caught him in its mouth. It hold him so high that hia brother buw him. Somo hours afterwards tho water became calm. The tall brother then took a sheet of bark and put a lira on it, and approacliing tho'nost,' saw his brother in the mouth of tho bunyip. Speaking to the bunyip,ho said: ‘Bo, quiet, and lot me tako my brother.’. .The bunyip. gnashed its tooth and gave him up;.but ho was dead, and his entrails had boon dovotirod. Tho brothor took tho body ashoro and laid it noar the fire, and wept. Ho thou wont for liis friends, who came and carried tho corpse to their homo. After ho had watched it for two days, tho rolativos put it in a troo for one moon, and thou burned it, with tho oxcoption of tho log aud arm bones, which wero given to tho friends of tho deceased.” • •' ■ Tho first whito man who made his appear ance at Port Fairy .(a locality named after a Bmall vessel called tho Fnlry) was coneidorod by tho aborigines to bo a supernatural boing ; and os bo was discovered in tho, act of smoking a pipe, thoy said ho must bo made of firo, for they saw smoko coming out of hia mouth, A. S. T. \- - .. foot tlmt Mr' SulmtHt uia nojSngod, and tiled _ tnembor ‘“Iviood a mem , thine.) I now dosiro prom Socxfvico. I loalM don’t know . - Vniirv^ 'nloug with ltr\\. Bowser >* T "T*?avo this lovorngo on lit®- Lifeu on, SQiuuslmmls ho 1ms his Budden fiwajMl-.'il! fciurs of forgetfulness. Ho wanted o " pair of pincers to uso for somothing, nnd boonuso they woro not right ut lmnd ho mado a gesture of despair and oxcluimod: _ “ Oh, of course! .I must got used to it, X Bupposo! Such a housokcopor us you nro, Mrs, Bowser! ” . . “ Haro tlioy are. You loft 'oni on tho lounge yoursolf last night.” ■ ' . ‘‘Lay it to mo, of courso! Wlmt’o that young’un hollowing about now ? ” “ IIo fell down.’’ ' ' ■ “ Doesn’t ho know enough to stand upr Did tho wood come up ?” “It didn’t f I ordered it tho first thing this morning! This is tho worst-run house in Do “ Do I ruu tho wood-yards ?” “ But why didn’t you toll mo it hadn’t come up f It’s a wondor tho girl hasn’t quit to climax our troubles.” “ She wont an hour ago!” Mr.- Bowsor sat down und looked at mo along time. Thou ho sighed deeply, aud said: “ Well, I supposo I must stand it, but it’s lmrd—vory hard. This is what comes of marry ing a girl who has been brought up on cara mels aiulnovolH.” ‘ I wont upstairs and brought down; the package of lottcrs. Selected one marked:— ‘‘ Exhibit A—filed 10th Soptembor, 1881,” I bognn to read: “ My Angol Ono,—I Bond you another box of caramels aud flvo of tho latost novels, und I liopo you will thoroughly enjoy thorn. Yon were lamenting tho fact that you know so little of liousowork. I api glad of it. Angola ora not oxpeeted to fry pork and wash dishes. Yon dhnlUmvft. »w. not moke oporti rrhcoi TTO all married, nnd you shall novor know a household “ That's » In ho forgory !” shouted Mr. Bow sor as I llmshml rending. Oh, no, it isn’t. 1 expected tho day would como whon you would say bo, and so I pre pared for it. Soo huro: My mother attests ft o» n wituess.” “ Well, if I wrote it, I must have boon, naleop.” “ And only tho othor day, Mr. Bowser, when I got a now dress homo, you said I hadn't any muro tnato than a elam, and that my idoaa of harmony would Btopn clock,” ■ • “Y«i, nml I mount it. You woro alwaya tlmt way.” . “ Wan IV* ■ t ■ ■ :: I selected a letter market “ Exhibit A—*2— Hied 18th September, 1881”* and road: ; (• '•* My Beautiful,—The picture of my dear obo as sho appeiired to mo last' night has boon with mo all day. You havo tho tasto of a queen iu your toilofcf and harmony is second mature with you. 011 1 iny little angol, you—” ■ “I wroto that, did I?” stonily demanded Mr. Bowsor. “ Of course.” II Novor! Tho man who says I was over fool enough to writo such stuff must dio 1” “ It is duly nttestod, Mr. Bowsor, and you. can’t deny your writing. I haven’t changod a hit in my tastes sinco our marriage. Indeed, I tliink I lmYo improved.” “ Thoro goos that young’tm again! He isn’t ,Ty unless ho is hollering like a calf mired in “ But seo hero, Mr. Bowsor.” And I aoloctod n tolcgrum marked: “Exhibit 13—1—origiuul,” anu atteatod by father, mother, and nurso, and road: “Chicago, November 20tli, 1887.—My Darling: Thunk God for tho nows of tho birth of our son 1 My heart aw oils with lovo and gratitude. It is our bond of lovo. Heaven has surely bleat us. Again, thank God. Will ba homo Sunday night. Bowser.” “I never Hont it!” shouted Bowsor. “Yes, you did! Hero is tho proof to convipfc you. Thoro isn’t a mention about * calf * in this, and as for,1 hollering,* you novor dreamed of it.” “ Oh, well, havo it your own way. You’d havo tho last word if I was dying. Somo wives are built that way. If I was liko somo husbands I’d assort my authority.” “ But you are not, Mr. Bowser, ns this will 1 And I selected a lottor marked: “ Exhibit 0 —1—original,” and attested, and road— “My Duaukst Lqyky—In reference to our conversation last night, I wish to say that 1 have always hold and always shall hold that husband and wifo aholild bo equal in authority. Noithor has tho right to dictate to tho other, though if either had that right I would givo it all to you. Wo shall nover havo a word of ilisputo—not ono. If thero ia any ‘ bossing* you may do it.V . k \ • “.And do you duro charge mo .with writing such stuff ns that!” gasped Mr. Bowsor. ' • “I-do. /Hero.is the proof,-and you can’tr wrigglo out of it.** “ I wroto ‘ Dearest Borov,* did I F* ’ “ You did. Indeed, Mr. Bowsor, you were far gonoabout those days.” i' . “I was, oh I Well, you can’t mako m« boliovo that I over wroto nny such infernal boah as tlmt J You’ll next chargo mo with writing you up in Torso.” “You ovon did that, sir. Just wait.” I selooted n lottor marked: “Exhibit G—I—* very choico,” nnd read: Tho twilight cometh noftly down, As HUiks tho Him away. And littlo children go to bed, [ iUl weary with their play, ,; , Where ia my lovo this glorious ore f “ [• Where doth her proud foot rest t [ And Whero that heud of goblon hair f Which I shall ever blow I , , • •: i * * And you any I wroto that! ’ * whispered Mr# I Bowsor. ^ ; • “ You did. It’s a beautiful tiling, too. I ! can seo those littlo children going right to ibod. 'You spoko of my ‘hoofs’ tho othor day, and ! you had u slur about rod-head! Only,fotn* years ago it waa my * proud foot * and my * golden head.'*, \ : . Ho was silent. . . vii: “ Do you want nny more, Mr. Bowsor F* X asked. .•;! : “ Mrs. Bowsor; I don’t sav that you aro ao6 . iu» goml ua tho avonigo wife, but 1^ ao say tha% you havo a mighty mean stroak in vour com position. It may bo poasiblo that wnilo I lay burning with fever, or while suffering a norvous nttack, I may hayo written a portion of those letters. Tho rest aro baso fprgorio*, ; of course, anil you aro holding thorn over mo 'a« t a nionaco. Is that wifely?” “ Wliy, Mr. Bowsor, uo you dony your ow» i hand^writing?” * “ I hayon’tseou tho writing and don’t want to. Don’t threnton mo, Mrs. Bowsor. I cMt be coaxed, but not drivon. Coaoa have been known whoro husbanda walked out and nev«r returnod.” . : > :! But that was only hia way of wriggling out of it. Tlio noxt day ho sent mo up • a now dross, took babv for a dong walk;.'and at . present is the most docile huakmd in Dotroft. 