A GHOST STOEY. " I am going to be married, my dear. I can see tbe tears in your pretty eyes as you say to Harry,' Poor Sibyl J she cau never be so happy as we are.' Of course I cannot. No woman can who does not marry her first love, while her past is without regret, and her future without shadow. But I am going to marry what is more rare than first love -perfection. Absolutely he has not a fault, and the wonder of wonders is that he should desire the society through life of one who is so full of faults as. X am. He is clever, rich, amiable, good- looking, thirty-two, res pected of all men, and (until within the past week) praised of all women. Can you wonder that dear mamma, who has been a little anxious about me this last year or so, is as happy as a queen, aud that my acquaintances are all loud in their congratulations ? But then, as they say, ' Sibyl Yaii Eyck has always been a lucky girl-' Xou and I, my Kate, might differ with them as to that, only it is not worth while recalling such a very old aud common-place mishap. Indeed, I am not without a realising seuse of my mercies myself, for that a young woman, facing her thirtieth, birthday so nearly as I do, and who has played fast and loose with such good cards as kindly late has hitherto thrust into her hands-that such a young woman should become Mrs. Brian Chester is truly a wonderful favor of Fortune. It is not the first time that you have seen his name in my letters, and I dare say that, with your usual sagacity, von have had suspicions of what might come to pass ? Behold me at length on the eve of my marriage, figuratively that is, for we are not to be married I until June, and this is only January, but it seems very near to me. " Shall I whisper something to you, my Kate, so low that Harry shall not I hear it ? (I know you keep my secrets ! even from. liim). I respect Brian Chester. I admire him, I am proud of his preference, and I feel safer and more at rest with him than I ever did in my life-yet. oh, Kate! Kate ! it is not such a love as yours for Harry ill the days of your love making, nor like mine for-the knight who wooed aud Tan away. It is because I am twenty eight, and such a dreadful flirt, as people say. or becausc Mr. Chester's affection for me is so very cheerful and matter of fact ? He is evidently incapable of jealousy, and evinces a beautiful faith in me, which my past has scarcely justified. I ought to be immensely flattered, but I am not, for that perfect love which casteth out fear is divine, and far above poor, pas sionate, doubting humanity. Do not, however, imagine me so foolish as not to know that I am more nearly happy than I have been for years, and that I shall be a very contented woman as Mrs. Brian Chester. Kiss your small violet for me, and give my love to Harry. I can trust him, whatever his criticisms may be, not to say, as Bob Lisle did wheu Mary \iuey was married last month, ' Another old landmark gone!' Always your loving Sibyx." "With a faint smile at Mr. Lisle's verv uncivil remark, Miss Van Eyck addresses her letter, and leaving her writing table, seats herself in a low arm chair near the fire. " I will give it to Lim to post, " she thinks, as she listlessly takes up the evening paper. For a second or two she listens indifferently over it, and then she reads earnestly, while her face softens, her eyes fill, and two heavy drops fall on the paper as she drops it on her lap. Only a couple of verses, with 110 beauty or power beyond their truth, and yet they can send her thoughts over eight years-such a long, loi:g time out of one's 3-outb !-and make her heart ache with pity for the difference between the woman of twenty-eight who is to marry Brian Chester aud the girl of twenty who loved so foolishly and so tenderly thnt the ghost of a handsome, fond, false face, can come between her aud her future husband even now. Sibyl ATan Eyck is a young woman usually verv appreciative of the ad vantage of becoming surroundings, but just now she is quite unconscious that her fair head and slender figure in its pale blue trailing dress make a picture very pleasing to a man's eyes as she lies back in a crimson chair in the soft warm glow of the fire. Her thoughts have gone so far and so fast that she does not hear the door open and close, nor a man's quick step 011 the thick carpet. She has iorgotten that she ought to be ex peeling Mr. Chester, until he seats himself beside her and takes calm possession of one of hei hands. She comes back to the present then with such a start that he laughs. ^ M " Tou look as if you had forgotten all about meand then gently kissing the hand lie has taken, he lets it go, and leaning back in his chair, makes himself comfortable after the fashion, more easy than elegant, of our genera tion. " She colors like a school girl, though she is " twenty-eight and such a dread- i ful flirt," and she puts the paper out j of sight under the train of her dress. " And if I had. sir ?" she asks j lightly. " I dare say you forget me, j often enough, for much more than five minutes ?" " Never, " he says, rather shortly ; and then, after an instant, "What were you crying for just now ?" " Do not you know that we women cry for anything, or nothing ?" " Not you; but do not tell me unless you wish to do so." " I assure you I have no such inten tion, " she says, gaily. " Does your lordship think that I shall make you my confessor ?" "Some day-yes," he answers quietly, and looking, not at her, but at the fire. Very quickly she lifts her eyes to his face-a very frank and pleasant face, with a look that shows its owner well content with the world and him- | self, but just now a little graver than its wont, and she wonders, with a thrill of the same pity she had felt for herself, whether he, "too, in the years ?which lie behind him has missed some thing of life's completeness. " You and I are too old and worldly wise for that," she says, rather sadly. " Old?-you child!" his eyes meet ing hers with a smile, half amused, half tender. " I am aware that you have reached the awful age of twenty eight, Miss Van Eyck, and that you have had enough experience of the world to make you wise, but, for all that, you are a child, and a child in some things you will remain as long as you live." " Ah ! you do not know how much nicer I was ten years ago," she says, laughing nervously. " If I have the bad taste to be con tent with you as you are, I do not see that it is of any consequence," he says, again taking her hand. " Besides, I do not believe it." " I wish," she begins, wistfully, while tears stand in her eyes-" I wish that we had known each other then, and that I had never-never-" " Never fancied you cared for some one else," he breaks in abruptly. if Look here, dear-here in my eyes and he puts one arm about her, while he keeps her hand. " Tell me nothing yet; I am not a jealous man, nor afraid of ghosts, and it is not your past I want, but your present and your future." When he is gone she stands before one of the long mirrors, smiling at herself rather defiantly. " You have found your master, Miss Van Eyck," she is thinking; " a good master, a tender and true master, but just a little too sure of himself." When Brian Chester enters his rooms, the first thing he does, after lighting the gas, is to find the evening paper, and, glancing hastily over it, to read, with sure instinct two verses in its columns. "Very worldly wise, indeed, my poor little girl," he says to himself as he lays it down with half a smile and half a sigh ; " and a very shabby thing of me to hunt up the cause of your tears after refusing to hear it; but you are more mine than you think, and you shall be altogether mine yet, in spite of the ghost." But, for all that, his eyes have a troubled look not usual to them, and he smokes more cigars than are good for him before he goes to bed. " If I were a jealous man (which, thank Heaven, I am not), I should endure some exceedingly uncomfort able hours," says Mr. Chester, smiling placidly, as he takes possession of Sibyl for a waltz, some six weeks later, at one of the parties before Lent; " for upon my word these fellows think that I have no right whatever to more than a stray dance." " Being a philosopher (which, thank Heaven you are), I suppose it makes no difference to you," she answers, as they waltz off. " I admire their good taste, and am thankful for what I can get at present; also, I have some faint idea that Mrs. Chester will give up round dancing." Sibyl pauses abruptly, and moves out of the circle of waltzers. " Do not you mean to be a philoso pher about-Mrs. Chester ?" she asks, softly, looking up at him with radiant eyes and flushed cheeks. " Do you think that I am always a philosopher now r" Her colour deepens, her eyes turn from his, and then, with a little cry, she puts her hand on his arm, growing suddenly white, and gazing fixedly at somebody behind him. He turns instinctively, and sees a tall, very handsome man gazing at Sibyl with more fixity than politeness permits. " Take me away-out of the room somewhere," she murmurs. Very much bewildered, he obeys, and presently finds a seat for her in a email, almost deserted room. " You are tired, " he says, tenderly. " Shall I get you a glass of wine ?" " No, no ; stay with me. It is he, " she says, looking up piteously in his face, which at those very enigmatical words grows rather pale. " Who ?- the ghost ?" he asks, unsteadily. " Mr. Derereux. I have not seen him since I-since I-Oh, what will you thiuk of me ?" she cries, with a sudden burning blush at the change ana trouble in his face. " Indeed it is i only the surprise. " _ " Of course," he says positively. " You will not mind, now that you kuow he is here, and when «>u are a little rested I shall steal somebody else's waltz instead of the one we have lost." But in spite of his positiveness and her efforts at composure an uncomfort able silence falls upon them, which she breaks by proposing to return to the ballroom. In the doorway they are met by their hostess and Mr. Devereux. " Sibyl dear, " says the lady, hurriedly, "here is a gentleman who claims to be an old friend, but doubts whether your memory is so good as his." " My memory is excellent," Sibyl answers, rather coldly, but with that utter self-possession which comes to most women in bitterest need. "I perfectly remember my acquaintance with Mr. Devereux." " Then that is all right, and I shall carry you off, Mr. Chester." "We will go together, dear Mrs. Burns," Sibyl says, with her hand still on Brian's arm. " Mr. Chester is going to take me to mamma." " Will you not permit me? " says, Mr. Devereux, speaking for the firsf time, and in a voice which falters per ceptibly. " Thanks, no; I will not trouble you." " Then may I not have a waltz, or a square dance, for-for ' auld lang syne r' " The last words are very low and eager, but Mr. Chester hears them as distinctly as if they had been spoken in his ear. " My card is full, thanks." is the steady answer, and then all four enter the ball room, where Mrs. Burns takes Mr. Devereux in one direction, while Sibyl and Mr. Chester go in another to search for Mrs. Yan Eyck, and within half an hour they are driving home. It cannot be denied, though Miss Van Eyck's lover is not a man given to jealousy, that the next week is the longest and most uncomfortable which he can remember. Business compels him to go to Boston so early on the morning after Mrs. Burns's partv that he does not see Sibyl again, and in spite of her dignified repulsion of Mr. Devereux he cannot forget her pale face and piteous eyes when she had first seen the " ghost."" He is con vinced that Devereux will do every thing possible for a reconciliation, and he calls himself an insane idiot for having refused to hear the story of her first love, whi«h Sibyl had seemed to wish to tell him, for his utter ignorance I of the circumstances prevents him | from being able to judge whether such a thing could come to pass. To add to his anxiety, during the four days that I he was in Boston he does not receive even so much as a line from her, though she had promised, half laughingly, to | write every day. The result of ali of I which is that, after having been so j absent-minded as to cause his business friends much amazement, he returns to ? New York two days earlier than he had intended, leaving his affairs very much as he had found them. An hour after his arrival he is walking up the familiar street on which the Van Evcks j live, with a great deal of outward cheer fulness, and an odd mingling of self coutempt and anxiety at his heart, for he will know his fate in another ten minutes. " My fate, indeed!" he mutters, with rather a failure in the way of a smile. If I were anybodv else, what a jealous fool I should call myself!" Then he starts as if he had been shot, for ascending the steps of the Van Eycks' house, with the confident manner of one who does not come for the first time, is Mr. Devereux. Very still stands Mr. Chester-very still and very pale for a man who is " not jealous nor afraid of ghosts"-until Mr. Devereux has rung and is admitted. " X will wait until he leaves; he will not be long," he thinks, with a strong momentary desire to follow him and confront him and Sibyl together, though all his life he has had the true Anglo-Saxon horror of anything like a scene. He walks rapidly down to the end of the block, and returns slowly, with his eyes on the Van Eycks' door; but i Devereux's visit bids fair to be a lengthy one, and he has time to repeat his manoeuvre many times, to the great interest of a couple of school girls, who, from an opposite drawing-room win dow, are speculating excitedly as to j what " Miss Van Eyck's lover " can be j about. It is not very fatiguing for a man to pace up and down a block for an hour, and yet, when that time had elapsed, Brian Chester's face had grown oddly worn and haggard look ing. God pity us all! We cau most of us remember some such hour, whose sixty minutes held an eternity of sus pense, but let those of us render thanksgiving all our days who feared in that hour only death, not faithless ness for our heart's beloved. It is nearly six when the Van Eyck's door opens and closes again on Mr. Deverex, who walks quickly down the street in an opposite direction from Chester, but the latter scarcely glances at the receding figure as he springs up the steps. " Miss Van Eyck is in the drawing room, " the servant tells him, and he passes in. Outside it was nearly dark, and here it is quite so, except when the fire makes a blaze of light; but he sees her at once, crouched in the corner of a sofa by the chimney, and weeping ah ! weeping as even women given to tears weep only once or twice in their lives. At the sight of that drooping figure and the sound of those strangled sobs; the Rtrong heart of Brian Chester turns faint and sick, for he knows BO well, with such wonderful, dreary con viction, just what she has done, and what he must do now. He casts one farewell look about the familiar room where he has been so hapyy, and then his eyes return to the woman he loves and suffers for, as only a man can to whom neither love nor jealousy comes easilv. "Sibyl!" he says, abruptly, in an odd, hoarse voice, which vaguely sur prises him, it is so unlike his. "Don't cry so terribly; there is no need." She springs to her feet and faces him in the fire-light with a low cry, and a look that changes instantly from sur prise to pity and terror. " Brian!" she says, tremulously, taking both his hands in hers, " Are you ill, dear?-or has something dreadful happened?" It is the first time she has ever uttered his name, the first time those shy fingers have ever sought his, but she does not think of that in fear of the calamity which can have so changed calm, cheerful, philosophical Brian Chester. At the frightened compassion in her eyes, he glances suddenly in the mirror over the chimney, and stares at him self, with the dull wonder men feel when they are brought face to face with the change an hour's agony can work in them. "lam a fool," he says presently, with a miserable laugh, and dropping into the nearest chair, he draws his hands from hers and covers his face. For an instant she is silent, and then the despair in every line of the bent figure gives her courage. " Dear," she whispers, kneeling be side him, "surely I, who am to be your wife, may share your troubles, and and comfort you ?" and with a rush of tenderness that sweeps her old doubts and fears away for ever, she tries to draw his head against her shoulder. But he springs to his feet, with a flush on his haggard face. "For Heaven's sake do not make it harder for me to give you up!" he gasps. " Give me up ?" she repeats, rising too, and trembling very much. " You never wrote me" -he begins, passionately. " Because I would Tather tell you than write," she interrupts, quickly. But he goes on, bitterly: " I saw that man leave the house after he had been here an hour, and I find vou breaking: your heart for him. What have I done that you should think It would accept such a sacrifice ? Do you think I want your life without your love ?" He pauses, with a struggle for the self command that seems to have so utterly deserted him, while she stands silent, with down bent head and clasped hands. I see it all," he says, presently, in a low voice, whose forced steadiness it takes all his resolute will to maintain. " You have loved only him always, and you sent him away to day that you might keep your faith to me, like the brave,true woman you are; but he will be easy to recall, so-so God bless you!"-and he turns rather blindly towards the door. But she stands swiftly before him with out stretched hands and tearful, shining eyes. " Oh, Brian, I am no heroine, only a foolish woman to whom Grod is very good. Mr. Devereux will never again be even a ghost to me. And you-do you wonder that I was crying for those years when I fancied I cared for him, and which ought to have been yours, with all the rest of my life-my love? " -Haiyaer's Weelcly. 