? Items of News. Dry, Jiot, and dusty. The Hose Maiden, to-night. ' Oar boys' did not go to the review this yew. r, , . . . Is that Ik&ossa; water scheme going to be Carried obt? Oat half the night with two gans and did not, bag a single 'possum. Theflawier Copper Syndicate bids fair to bectornea feet. Good prospects from the Lady Alice Gold thine. la that Mutooroo mine going to eclipse the Mopnta ? Tanition per head : S.A., £2 Is.; tf.S.W. £2|12si; Victoria, £2 14s. ~d.; Queensland, £3 15s. 6d.; N.Z., £3 2s. lid. The public debt of S.A. is £60 7a. 8d. per head. Sir Thomas Elder has given two statues ' Daphne ' and ' Song of the Shirt ' to the Art Mbsenm. Mrl^Simmonds. the icronaut, after having been adooeuf ol in 494 ascents in the 495th met hie death. The boys and girls were glad to see the faoe.«t the Major once again amongst them. Stii|ithe iron moulders strike in Melbourne, and fiie masters contemplate employing non union labor. A plentifol supply of coal in Melbourne will lead to the redaction of the price of gM. The overdraft of the Melbourne Hospital is. £10,000, and £5,000 has been subscribed towards 4ta defrayment. Ar$ne specimen of tnitjaoise has been found on the King River, Victoria. The. ChamDion Beef Comnanv. Victoria. has crushed 21 tons of -quartz for 140 ounces of pold. ? ...?-- i The drought is being severely felt in N.S.W. There in likely to be a general strike in the Sydney building trade. . It is reported that the fanners of Stirling Nortji an being eaten ont by grasshoppers. Price of silver 3s.|7d., market firm. Telegraphic communication with London has been interrupted during the week. The Lobethal Cloth Factory has con tracted for the uniform of the local militia fnniR . There are brer 300 applications for exam ination in music and theory at the University danog.the month of November, A ghost .at Brompton Park has taken to fli|ht at the sight of a gun. Ii that Newcastle strike going to end at last? Is thit hot weather favorable to rinking ? People are congratulating themselves at Benmark that 'as yet' there are no mos qoitos about. The^ Empress Dowager of China is about to retire from her share in th« Government. Amother in Tasmania having left to assist in laying oat a dead child, on her return homo found her two children burnt to deathy , .. :.- :- ... . . ., ,4 The ^national debt of Victoria is £33.0(0^000 as against £17,000,000 in New South Wales owes £41,000,000 Queensland £23,000.000, New, Zealand £38, Sw£iOty,«nd South Anstnriia £19,000,000. ^fNbthtng more has come to light* with oegardlo the Whitecbapel murders. More' troubles in Western Australia between the press and Judge Onelo w. , A boy only twelve years old committed ?ofoide an .Victoria by laying his head on the railway line. . In . Madrid, prisoners are occasionally allowed out at night. It costs the Grand Turk over £8,000,000 ? year for his housekeeping expenses. 