O AU LFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Br " The Sfobtsman." Tu radar. Tlie only Catilneld trained pachyderms which dis tinguished themselves by winning durinc the past week (Rosebud, the pony, excepted) were Tourbillon and Beldemoma, tne uiry little daughter of Robinson Crusoe and Cracker by ner clever victory in the Sand- buret Cup showing that the can stay letter than «as generally credited, and Mr Bailej 'n powerful gelding exempliflect tlic a.lrautoires ol perseverance by at length feuci ng In good term. Jettison unfavorably handicapped at £st, by comparison with Richelieu 7t 211>, and Lady Acnes kst 3lb failed to obtain a situation in tlie Juvenile liandicauatMoooee Valley; tlie unsound Autocrat had no chance whatever with Zona in tbe Selling Race ; and the fist 121b carried by Mona in tbe Outlands Handicap, enabled her effectually tositenco Wyvh. 8st 101b, and the uncer tain butppeedv favorite. Tlie Forsaken. 8st 4lb. 8t. John carried his 9«t 51b especially when defeated oy Richmond, ?st Olu, at Bendigo. but tbe beavily backed Straight Shot fell miserably before Vermont, in receipt of 7lb, iu the Handicap, tbe hard ground, perhaps, ill according with her humor. At Dandenong Ulue Hell continued hcr victorious career bv defeating our somewhat fancied representative Rhetorician at level weights over a mile, the day's proceedings ter- i minating with the extraordinary spectacle of a race between three " pontes, on which the rldera ' vied with each other in anxiety to Avoid first reaching tbe winning post. At Bacchus Marah 30lbs failed tc place Delga on an equality with Wyvi«. the two-jear-old filly finishing a ghost of a show with Rainbow in the Hurdle Race, lady's Maid and Laiupcrarell before Bonnie Jean in thcSelllng Race, and after Reldemonia bod some- wliai redeemed our credit hy bis decisive defeat of the more fancied Mllepost nnd Minerva, Fair Saxon re ceived Clb nnd conclusive rout at the feet of the very useful Wyvis. The training comments of lut week might well apply to this report, no tost gal- lopping having coiue to my knowledge. Old Stafford has changed quarters from l'oulgliam's to Caiter'a, a hundred guineas baring brought about the transition, and IVarfleld returned to tm old occupancy of a box at Kelly's. Sotncniisunderstfnding respecting tbe power to ecii Tranter having arisen, that horse, which the 'Messrs Campbell disposed of to our worthy trainer,, Neil Camplwll, for six hundred guineas, remains in Mr F. Bcywood's charge, and continues to do slow work. This morning Sumatra, looking blooming, traversed five furlongs smartly, with Ladv Betty ; and Yarraman subsenuently accompanied Malua over a nice circle of the course proper. Both ell and Kaoul 6trode stronglv over seven furlongs on the tan. New Star aud Fortside over five on the course, and Butt over the eaine alone. Gtsburner's portion was a strong circle, but Kewmxsl-r did not travel beyond half epeed. Uncas and Fair Saxon cantered steadily, whilst The Foranken and J.II., separately, did strong work, Bridegroom, Toujour Pret Summer, Henrietta, Jean, Stafford Uoseiface. Meere- ohauin. Rhetorician, Oxford, Crowberrr, Ginger. Mies Ta«ma, Denbigh, John S., Tjyhon, Tone, Avondaie, Daiimess, Gladstone, La Favorite, and the ponies, Little Charlief llcrcnles, Little Sister. Czarina and others, continue to do rood work, chiefly orer short distances Messrs George Cox and I. T. Canlak® have been extremely unfortunate with their extensive strings for some time, and certainly they m\v well complain that they have been anything but kindly treated by haudi cappers. Jettison, from whom Radoo fairly ran awav.has been treated as if he had run the Bras- de-fcr colt closely. ' The pony D orpin, legitimately hacked and fairly beaten, in a Selling Race at Mordialloc, l-y Roinulut, conceding Tib, has since been placed on worse terms with hit victor, and Mr Moffatt hu been, driven to return Sorelia to her owner, in Sydney, as useless so fearful were our weight adjastcrs of lowering her standard. Of the weights allotted to Gladstone ama Epicurean in the Stan dish Handicap I hare already written, and I am quite certain font there is not one fair Judge of racing here, but would pronounce Kewmaster to hold eilber as sate as if they were numbered with the dead at their respective imposts. Another Caulfield trained animal, Uitcheli.is being asked to carry 12st 31b In the Bracelet at Batlerat. and to concede nineteen aud seventeen pounds to such fair performers as Resign and Retort, has received moll consideration for hu three recent aefeats in selling races, when carrying a fair amount cf Mr Sampson's money. Ben Bolt and Lord Head- ington merely trot and canter. 