Original Paper. CHARLES GIBBS, THE PIRATE. By H. Stonehewer Cooper, There have not been many English speaking pirates in this nineteenth century now so rapidly drawing to a close. From its commencement everything has been going against piracy on the high seas. When the 18's were young execution docks now and again saw a hanging, and tbe gibbets on lire fsle QfJDogs, and those. beyoneYBlaekwoU w«re at times ornamented by iron wire ca-jes-wnteimng *be carcases of sea murderers land, robbers,* nut. about the English scoundrels -who thus met their richly deserved fate, there was nothing rvery striking, nor did they hazird any : particularly bold ventures. They were generally not so daring as the smug glers, *and r^hey—iMd-a'-Tery wholesome dread of the long canonades of the craft that Sew the white ' ensign at the. peak. Acro83'~th'e ?stormy' wal'era'oF the Western ocean things were^diffe/ent:, The century was young, and so^ toopras ?the American republic, tbe endless troubles which have since beset. -what. waaH-once Spanish America, were just beginning. Law and order on the ' Main^ were not wbat they are to-day, and there --w&9\. broadly speaking an excellent opening for an enterprising Yankee 'pirate? auip&;' provided with capital, or a swift railing vessel that could readily show her heels to any inter fering war-ship. Crcumstanees over which he had more «r jess control, led .ao American citizen, one James D. Jeffers, but, who assumed and was always known by the name of Claries^ Gibbs, to adopt the pirate role in^yliksirhe distinguished himself in many - respects, to the great* inconvenience, not- to iray suffering of hi* fellowicrSntures, mho after a time having secured Charles Gibbs, very promptly and properly went and hanged him up by the neck until be was dead; He was an eighttenlh century survival, and abo'ut the last of tile English speaking pirates who deserved the rightfully hated name. «? Bully Hayes,' of the Pacific, who not not so long ago died a *? natural death ' in the South Sea, with wbich incident an aggrieved mate and a belaying pin were not' unconnected, was intellectually the enperior of Gibbs — but at no period of his marauding, swindling, man-slaying carper, was the bland skipper Hayes, ever equal in blood guiltiness to his Yankee pre decessor in the fine art of piracy which was common to them both. Gibbs was ?born ai Providence, Ruode Inland, and in 1813 he went to eea in a vessel bound via New Orleans to Stockholm. Tuev were returning to America from Northern Europe, when weataef-^ompelied them to take shelter in; the .Bristol Channel, and-, into the' port of that city they went for repairs Here the,, Yankee trader was cmdenned, and Gibbs, went to Liverpool, and in an Americm ship the Amity he returned to toe land of his birth, and bis father's fireside. Shortly . after his arrival death deprived him of an uncle, but the event put him in the possession of some 2,000 dols. with which opened a grocery business at Bjston, Mass. The venture did not prosper, and over aud over again young Gibba was seeking the assistance of bis father. The crisis came, and the stock in trade of the grocery store was eold for 900 4ola.t which' was soon squan dered by . the ex-sailor lad, who, now ueemed to have become thoroughly soured. He never answered tl»& apathetic appeals of his father, but «tubborniy- refused to do anything elie than go to aea, and to sea he went. Die did not remain long in the ship John in which, lie sailed. Common pl»ce trading was too slow for Ca. rlea Gibbs, his ambitious soul soared high above the petty uneventful yoyflg^s of *' freight wagons' — be longed for-a sailor's life with a « tonic' to it, and tj&ifif;'fae found wh*n he deserted the Jplm ia the Cala'u bien privateer Maria, whose enterprising master was either an Englishmen or ad American, as his name wa»*ftobert Bell. They had ciuised fur about two months on the happy privateering ^warpaths of ike Gulf of Mexico, and around Cuba, with more or 1^89 success in the way of captured vessels, when an event occurred orr board the Maria that ultimately resulted in bringing Gibbs v«y much. to the fore then and to the gallows thereafter. Captain Bell with all his good qualitiea, was not too punctual in his disbursement to the crew of their prize money— an unbusiness like neglect of. duty, which at time* irritated tbe gal ! ant .sailors. Finding their olt repeat) d .. remonstrances disregard^, and nat altogether caring to air their grievances through the open columns of the public press — they determined on the simple course of open mutiny. With infinite forbearance and loni-suff^rina under trials, they spared the lives of Rail and his officers, and they were duly landed with whole skins at Peresacola. The crew . of the Maria were now absolute master'* of that vessel, and^ after; soaie discussion a9 to whether they ijuoaid continue to sail with a Columbian commi-sion they deter mined to tiy to tlie _winaiL,ajJ antiquated notions of tue law', and hoisting the black Mag wage war against the commerce of all nations. Gibta the ex-grocer of Boston now navigated Maria uuder th* skull arH cross bonus ou ibe sable ground. About this time it was -unfortunate* for the podr pirates, that they bad to pass by unmoles tad several richly -laden croft because tbey contained no specie, and were ah I v carry ing (produce .which the gay Gibbs-led treutletueu could not 'easily --et rid of in exchange . for. the .gold pnza of S;-ain. Fortune however favored them, inasmuch as one Antonio on board the Maria said that he knew a friend at Havana, who W'tild willingly receive; all their goods »nd divide the proceeds. All tinder the black fUg hailed this plan as a revelation. Accordingly the Maria ?made all speed for fil--ro Castle, and then Senor Antonio was duly sent ashore to make the contract with the merchant. He wa* most success ful in his arrangements with' bis shore acquaintance. Cape Antonio was ap pointed to be the place of rendezvous, and the merchant was id be responsible for tbe transferring of the. goods from that place to Havana. This most excellent -contract was in force to mutual-advantage for more than three years.. . .T.h6 devilish career of the Maria now commenced in all the grim earnestness of its ? murderous reality. She put to sea with a crew ,of nearly fifty men mostly maaslaughtering Spa'niarde, and ruffianly Americans, of the very worst type. The first victim was the British ship Indispensable from Bristol to Havana . — she made no resistance, and j be vessel was quick)/ taken to Ca|-e Anionio. Her crew, however, never saw. that headland — for in cold blood they were immediately destroyed — those- who resisted were simply hacked to piec-s, those who did' not were reserved for being shot afterwards. The bodies ^ of the crew of tbe Indispensable were then thrown into the shark-frequented s»a. ? Dead men ' tell no . taltV'i. was the motto of 'tha. Maria's ere w« anffi they were faithful to it even unto death. Gibbs stated when the full aliadowsof ibe' gallows was upon him, and tbe lialter 'Imbued which was to atraijjhten .out with bis corse, that he never had the least- occasion to order the deatb dealing to commence The Spaniard^ -were ^ager -«nd &nzious; for the butchery, ^and lost not a moment of lime, 'and, ihei dying - murderer -added, every Victim disappeared -in aJfery few minutes after the pirates' feet touched the deefc. of the ? doomed' ship.' l'tie Union Jack of England fell 5r-t before the cesigns of these infamous scourged of the t-ea. Then followed verv ' quickly the stars and strlp»s — for the Wdtiam of New York for Mexico, shared in e. fate of the Indispensable of Brolotj. and in like fashion ; her crew too joined the great majority. The William was conveying some tasteful furniture, and this found a warehouse at Cape 'Antonio, and a subsequent - market at Havana. An American frigate presumably the John 'AddniSf for.sht? was at- tbe West Indian station on the time, paid Maria some little attention, but seeing -her own colours displayed let her proceed on her murderous career. Once again a . British vessel, the Earl qf Moray, with dry goods f:om London shared the usual* fate, the ship was burnt, and the crew tnas&cred.; This business disposed of, the Maria cruised around Cuba, and a settlement was made with the not too inquisitive merchant at Havana. Mr. Gibbs knowing the business value of personal interviews paid a visit to his agent at the last named city, and there disclosed the scope of his present and future operations. .t-uubtles3 the Cuban merchant took a lenient view of these -Wild jack Tar eccentricities of his friend, shrugged his shoulders as he left him, and thanked an all ruling providence that he was not a passenger in the good ship Marta. Gibbs lingered by the orange groves of Havana, frequented the best cafes and lived well. He became acquain ted with several British and American naval officers who he found in social conversation at one of the hotels, and learned from them how progressed their anti-piracy crusade, and what were their future plans. In this fashion, Bully Hayes, of Samoa, or Fiji, or elsewhere in the South Pacific followed Pirate Gibbs1 example, as the first named always got sails and compasses from the warships who should have hanged him. Restful and quiet were Gibbs' hours at Havana, bat it was the calm before the storm, for when he returned to the Maria at Cape Antonio- he found a spcond mutiny had occurred, and that several of the pirates had been killed by the others. These breaches of strict discipline were exceed ingly anno* ing to Gibbe who felt hurt that such a condition of things should be possible, so having ' ended the careers' of two or three more of them, he restored authority in a comparatively peaceful and harmless manner— for him. Towards the end of 1817 or eaily in 1818 the Maria with her lamb-like crew fell in with the Dutch ship Jacobus. She was homeward bound from Curacoa with West Indian produce, a good number pasteogersj dis counting their welcomes at Rotterdam or The Hague, and she had on board further a quantity of silver plate. AU the passengers *nd crew were slaughtered according to the time honored rules of the Maria with one exception, a young and beautiful lady of about seventeen years of age, who amid the awful scenes of the massacre, had knelt down on the blood stained deck and pleaded for her life. Gibbs spared her for a time, but her presence on boatd led to a third Maria mutiny, and this again seriously incommoded the chief assassin of the gang. One of his men on one occasion was attempting to biain the hopeless victim whose terrible condition, if true human blood had ran in these scoundrels' veins, would have unnerved and unarmed the -moat desperately wicked among them. Gibbs, this lime was her avenger, for that very afternoon he took euch careful pre cautions to prevent any further interference that the man with tbe club was deposited in the sea by sun down. Well, indeed, would it have been for the poor joung girl if she too had shared the fate of her trienda and fellow travellers on the deck of the Jacobus. Her fate by a semi-mutinous -crew was sibmitled to a kind of council of war, she perished'a day or so later by poison. Tue hairoiving record gets monotonous, but the story of Gibbs the pirate shall be told. The scene of this last awful crime was no longer to pollute the waves of Goa'd ocean with her trebly accursed timbers. The Maria stranded near the Cape of the rendtzuous, and she was des troyed by her employers: and then the gentlemen at Havana — the sleek merchant with the Sptnith shruv, soon found them another vessel with which to scour indeed the seas, but deeper dye tbeir souls in the great oin of murder. This* new ship was called the Picciana and soon in the wake of tha o:hers went ships and crews respectively named Belvidere and Dido American*, Larch and Lily British, and many others. Altogether Gibbs plundered forty ship?, and murdered the crews of about thirty. He was beaten oft successfully only four times, three times by flying the British flag, and once by an American. In each of these four cases he lost three or four men. Gihbs used to affect a liking for England, but he used to dread the British seamen when at Bay. In 1819 Gibbs being possessed of money left Havana for New York, and he landed at tbe Empire city with 30,000 dole, in his pocket. He re mained., a little time in New York, and then took passage to Liverpool where as in the Slates, most of bis murder-earned money went in the wildest extravagance, in Liverpool, he lived to all outward appearances as a rich, bachelor with fast tastes. Whether the ghost memories of his catalogue of crimes haunted him or not we do npt know. Clearing out of Liverpool, Mr. Gibbs returned to Boston, where he spent the balance of his borde. In the month ef November 1830, the brig Vineyard sailed fro in the Levee New Or.eaus, for Philadelphia, and William Ujmly was her master, and. William Pobais was mate. Among the crew was Charles Gibbs, late of Boston, and a negro named Wansley who acted as cook. After the Vineyard had been five days at sea, Wansley made it known to the crew that there was on board 50000 dols.' in specie. As a result, the men consulted together how best to acquire this respectable sum, and to avoid suspicion as to these frequent assemblies, a lad named Dawes was told off to keep tbe officers chatting. The crew came to tbe resolution that it was high time to accelerate the deaths of the captain and mate, as .both were somewhat elderly, and the latter inclined to be peeviah at interval?. Murder and piracy were there fore deciided on, and the night of the 23rd November was fixed for the ciime. On that ni^'ht the captain was murdered, G. Gibbs. Wanslev and the mate ? shared the same fate at the hands of two men named Aiwell and Church. They secured the money, and drank deeply until tbe morning. Two of the crew named Brownrigg and Taebot had held aloof from the conspitacy. When within IS miles of Southampton light, Long Island — where they steered, tbey took to tbe boats. Atwell scuttled the brig, and taking to the jolly boat, hes witti Church and Talbot were drowned through its swamping. Gibbs, Wansley, Broworigg and tbe lad Da«es, were in tbe long boat, which being also in danger, was saved by throwing over some specie, and the men ultimately landed at Pelican Island, wliere tha money was buried. They then crossed to Gran Ram [aland, and went to the 'house of a Ur. JohoBon to whom Brownrig? gave .^ome informal ion. Near by, they got a wagon to cflny them further, but a* they got inte it, Brownrigg exclaimed that they might go where tbey pleased, but ?,- that he would not go; with them, as they were murderers before God and ruin. Oa hearing this, the gentleman who bad lent them tbe wagon, a Mr. L-onarJ obtained- the presence of a magistrate, and Gibbs and Diwea were .seised. Wansley the nezro lied to the .biuh, but 'was soon after taken. There was no question as to their guilt, for b th Gibbd and Wan«!ey -nade foil confession uf tbe Vineyard mutier?, exonerating Br--wnrig/, but were not so precise as to tbe innocence of Dawes. Although Gibbs made full confession of his crim**, from the first murders on board the ' Indispen sable* to the Vineyard butchery — yet he disliked any reference to them after he was sentenced to death. On the 22nd. April, 1831 Gibbs »nd Wansley we:e hanged. They arrived at the gallows about noon — around which was a guard of United Sutes Marines, Whether truly penitent or not is only known to one — but Gibbs died imploring the forgiveness of the people present for his crimes, as he trusted in the mercy of a higher tribunal. Bare facts, and not useless speculations are better in recording these matters. Wansley the misguided cook, expired . without a struggle, Gibbs died as he bad lived very hard indeed. 