GENERALITIES. A Corner in Honey—Behind a soreen at a party with a pretty girl. Inqnisitive Party — " Whose funeral ia thief" Irieh Undertaker—" hline, eor." A Persian proverb rune thus " ff yon enlist in the army say a prayer, if yon go to sea say two, bat if yon get married say three." "Is Smith mnoh of a botanist?" "Ob, . fair. lie runs to trees too muoh, though." " Well, I don't blame him; I'm afraid of cows myself." "The difference between a form and a cere mony," said Whately, "is a nice one, and.it; lies in this—yon sit upon a form and yon .stand upon ceremony." Artful Jimmy (oonsoions of nnprepared lea eons and desirous of staying from sohool)— " Mamma, dear, what sort of illness is there yon don't nave to take medicine fort" Hood suggested that the phrase "repnblio of letters" was hit npoa to insinuate that, taking the whole lot of authors together, they hadn't a sovereign among them. Edison's Agent—" Wouldn't yon like to bny a phonograph T It will store up every thing yon eay and repeat it to yon. Wont one ?" Omaha Man—" Ho; got a wife." Ada—" Why, one of yonr cheeks is red as fire, and the oiner as pale as a ghost I" Ella —" YeB; Harry was on one Bide, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other." He is detained by a thunderstorm. " Ob, Harry! did yon hear that terrible clap of thunder joet now!" "No, dear, I was lis tening to you." And he saw his error too late. Maud—"And so yon are going to marry ; yonng Softly !" Ethel—" No; I can't marry taim. I never could write a pretty capital S, and bo it would be bard for me to write my name." Uncle—" Go and get me a glass of water, please, Tommy." Tommy hesitates. Uncle —"How, Tommy." Tommy—"But I don't like to leave yon alone with the cake, Uncle!" A clergyman who preached in a prison a Sanday or two since Began his disoourse in a traditional way, thus — "I am glad, my friends, to see so many of yon here this morning." A Theological Pozzlee—Mother—"And the serpent, as a punishment for tempting Eve, was made to crawl all the rest of his life. Bobbie—" Well, mamma, how did he get along before?" Clergyman (examining a Sanday - school class)—" Now, can any of yon tell me what. aresinBof omission?" Small boy—"Please, sir, they're the sins you ought to have com mitted and haven't." Here is the latest definition of " fashion," which appeared lately ia a leading Paris newspaper:—" Fashion ia an invention of rogues and traderp, which ie adopted and followed by imbeciles." Bv Degbees. — " Well, Edith, did Mr. . Lambrequin make yon an offer of his hand last ni?hc?" "No, mamma; he's so shy, you know—has never got any further than offering me his arm so far." Last summer a gentleman was remarking on the colour of a woman's earrings, and she informed bim they were some her husband brought from sea—they were made of " the liver of Monnt Vociferous." " I am going to write a work on ' Popular Ignorance,'" eaid a young graduate to an old Professor. " I am glad of it," replied the old man; " I don't know anybody who has more of the root of that matter in him." A lady of thiiity habits bad a way oi keep ing np her oharaoter for hospitality without • any expense whatever. When visitor? called upon her she said" Would yon take a glass of wine or would you rather not ?" We have found that the longer we run a newspaper and write abont people and events \- (says a Michigan paper) the more we realize, how utterly impossible it is to scratch every man on the spot where he itohes moBt. Magistrate (to prisoner)—"Yon are charged with assaulting this man." Prisoner—" Yes, fonr Honor; he oalled me a magwhnmp, bat didn't thamp him vary hard." _ Magis trate—"Ten dollars for not thumping him harder." Jos—" How did yonng Jones happen to get shot?" Kli—"Yon see, he held a pencil be tween his fingers for one of those Western fellows to shoot at" Joe—"And he got his band shot off?" Eli—"No; he got hit in the left foot." Below e» three definitions whloh were bended in at one time "or another in one of oar pnblio eohoois, and a huh school at that (says the Boston Times)Turmoil—A hind of oil. Bandit—A lawyer. Barrister—A man who singe in the ohoir. Gentleman (to tramp)—" Why do yon ask for only a penny, my man? Most of yon people want sixpences and shillings." Tramp —" Tea, sir; bnt I'm a new hand at the busi ness, an' I want to begin right. Make it six pence, though, if yon like!'' " Do yon not think, Miss Smith," he I deeded, "that in time yon might learn to ore me J" *' Possibly," the girl replied, " If yon oonld render me a statement of what yon are worth, Mr. Jones, I might learn to lore yon, I'm very quick at figures." Teacher—'" Tne objeot of this lesson Is to inouloate obedience. Do yon know what 'obey'means?" Apt Pupil—"Yes, ma'am; I obey my father." Teacher—" Yes, that's right. Bow tell me why yon obey your father." Apt PaDil—'"'Cause he's bigger'n me!" Dootor (surveying his newly-papered con sulting-room)—" This is a very poor job of paperhanging—a very poor job, sir." Paper hanger—"I'll have to admit, doctor, that the job isn't first-olass. Unfortunately, we paper hangers have no way of buying our poor jobs." Scene, Dictation ClaiB at SohooL Teacher —"Now, Johnny, look at this. Is that the way to spell window—w-i-d-o-w?" Johnny— " No, sir." Teacher—" What is the diffe rence between window and widow?" Johnny —"Ye can. see through the erne bnt no thci tither." . "Well, of all old chestnuts I ever read,"' said a young man who holds the important position of " humourist" on a St. Louis daily, " that book contains the moBt." " What book is it ?" "' ,/E sop's Fables.' Who is this ASsop, anyway? Must be. a New Yorker." A troupe of strolling players were giving j "Riohard III." at a little town, when the following scene oocurred : — Riohard—" A horse, a horse! my kingdom for a horse I" A voioe in the gallery—" Won't a donkey do as well?" Richard—"Ay, euro; come yon down this minute!" " Have yon ever said that yon were ready to die for the defendant ?" asked a counsel in a breach of promise case. " Yes, often," re plied the goldeD-haired plaintiff. "Oh, Mary Hann, why didn't yer do so, then, hinBtead hot bringing this 'ere haction?" interposed the doleful defendant. In the Chemical Laboratory—" Professor, what , has become of Appleton? Wasn't he studying with the class last year?" "Ah, yes; Appleton—poor fellow 1 A fine atadent, bat absent-minded in the use of chemicals— j very. That disoolonration on the oeiiing— notice it ?' " Yob." "That's him." In 1849 Mrs. Grote went to see Lonis Napo leon in Paris. He was rather oool in his re ception of her owing to eome former misun derstanding, and only asked her " Do you stay long in Paris?"—a reception bywhlob, however, ehe was not disoonoerted as she calmly answered him " No; do yon ?" At a dinner-party, Sir Riohard Phillips, the bookseller, being present, Coleridge held forth with hiB UBnai splendour, when Sir ! Richard, who bad been listening with de light, came ronnd behind his chair, and, tap- i ping him on the shoulder, said " I wish I had yon in a garret withont a coat to yonr baok." Curate (musical)—" Bnt why do yon objeot j to having a hymn daring the .oolleation?"' 1 Rector fpreotioal)—" Well, yon see I preach a good sermon, which I calculate should move the people to an average of half-a crown each; but I find daring a long hymn | they eeem to oool down, and it barely brings in a shilling a bead." . The Rev. Hamilton Paul, minister of Broughton, was entertaining a dinner- party. He wae very anxiouB to begin his dinner, so he said grace in a low voioe and immediately began hie work. One of the gnests, who was somewhat deaf, said " Mr. Pan], you haven't . said grace." "I did." "I didna hear ye." j " I wasna speaking to yon!" A member of the Irish Honae of CommonB who was a fluent bnt vapid talker was making an interminable speeoh against a Bill whioh Cnrran defended. The Speaker at laBt reminded him that his time had ex pired. " Time, Mr. Speaker !" exclaimed Curran; " he has long einoe done with time ] —he ie now trenohiog on eternity!" " My beloved brethren," announced a preaoher from his pulpit, " on 8nnday morning next a collection will be taken np for onr blesBed Fiji mission." " Amen," rang fervently through the congregation. "And 1 would add,"went on the preaoher, impressively, "that amens, however reso nant and sincere, make but little rattle in the contribution - box. Let us unite in prayer." " Miss Clara," be said, " oan I speak with yonr father a moment before I go?" Cer tainly, Mr. Sampson," replied the girl, blush ing, and with a wildly throbbing-heart ehe sought the oid man, "Oh, papa," she began, later, as the front door closed, " what did , Mr. Sampson want?" "I'm his landlord, von know," replied papa. "I let him bis bachelor apartments, and he wants another | three years' lease.'.' 