Mysterious Mental Phenomena De Quincey has had the moral courage to tell the world of the wonderful effects that opium had on his mind, while everybody knows the green devils caused by the abuse of alcohol. Not that I have the slightest intention .of insult ing my readers by implying that they have any personal acquaintance with these alcoholic apparitions ; I only mean to say that they probably have heard of them. Any medical man of experience will bear witness of the spectral' illusions to which some of his patients have been liable, and also how often they have been caused by inebriating stimulants, which prevent the ordinary action of the brain, and engender the most startling fantasies, and the highest nights of imagination. It was this fact that made Dr. Johnson say that if a man would write we'd he _ must drink wine, if he would write as a genius he must drink brandy. I presume the doctor meant that brandy gave to the author the faculty of a vivid imagination, and carried him from the land of drv fact int the land of dreams. There is a vast difference between those mysterious phenomena for which we can discover no known cause, and for which, therefore, we have to find a purely theoretical explanation, and the phenomena caused by die ordinary laws of nature. Too much importance cannot be given to this difference, more especially since within the last few years spiritualism has become so confused with natural magic, tnat men are sceptical as to the possible existence of disembodied spirits. The exhibitors of phenomena beyond the comprehension of the spectators assert that they receive aid from invisible sources : but, as their seances constitute their means of livelihood, they wisely refrain from publish ing the details in regard to these invisible sources. The mere fact of a man saying that lie koldscomru union with a spirit does not improve by one iota the position, of psychological science, but, on the contrary, is apt to bring it into ridicule as being a high-sounding name, by which imposture may be screened. Insane credulity on the one hand, and arrogant incredulity on the other, cause our minds to become lost in a whirlwind of doubt. The various stories, which we either regard with the horror of the vulgar or the disdain of the sceptic, should he examined accurately, so that we might ascertain their exact relation to the state of the respective physical organs. It is the mystery involved in a Bpritual visitation which is the cause of terror, not the actual spirit itself. If it were not for this mystery, we should converse with a ghost as calmly as with an ordinary fellow-creature, and apprehensions of the visionary could be readily quieted. In short, those sights which we now regard as marvellous and incomprehensible would cease to excite our terror when they assumed the character of scientific phenomena.— G. F. Undebhiix. 