POLICE STORIES. BY WAY. MCALLISTER'S MOTHER. Thero nro nnturally spooney won—aye, nml women too— in tho world that can t live, an it were, wilhmitlnomo kind of a love, oven rhniigh is be only an imaginary onu; and theso folks will go on with the silly gninn when they havo grey hair on their licaus, mm tno nmipio rouuel them laughing at their folly. Well; T don'b think I was ovor tarred with that slick, but I own to you that I did feel asofUuss for Kato M'Ki-e, Hho was ns bright a specimen of a healthy ami happy young Irishwoman as nnv iuau , emi hi wish to speak to, and sho was ns full of fun as a healthy and happy young girl will nearly jiIwavh lis if tho rottl isn't crushed out of her with'too much training. Sho had very bhek hair, and a figure tempting enough to have settled St. Anthony's business. And nn eye. in her head. Gar I whoa I thiuk of i hut eye, and thu dimples that camo into her rosy checks when sho luuphcd, I feel queer y-fc 1 She kopt hoiwo tu Groper wtrent for her bvitiier, who was a carpuutor. uud next t her Uvod|3:mdyM4A1lifiter, a red-headed Scotcliman with n fnen pretty roach tho color of Ins hair, and a big awkward frane vmy loose in tho joints. He had bcon a ehep- hoid, or urover, iu thn old ccmntry. But though them nro plenty of sheep in Australia, M'Alhster didn't seem to take with thomvnora of them. At all events he only got odd jobs iu tho yards at Vlemington occasionally, i I went pretty often down G roper tnot tn ihore times, and I generally went nt dusk, when it was not so easy to distinguish, figures ymi know; and I usually found Knto hnpging over her own gate nt these times: and occasion- Ally M'Allistcr would draw his hugo feet nearer to tho fence on his side, and join iu our convcrsati'ius. Need I Bay tlint on riicli occa sions I cursed the big 3cotehm.<i< in my heart. " Your brother ilo«-su't hurry houio, Kate," I said to tlm mrl at ono of tlicso times, " and I think heV uelLing worse." " And why wouldn't hu?" film ari«ed >y»R» n merry lunch, "sum ho's courlin', didn'o you know ? Why ho'a to ho married in a couple o' muuths." " Am! whot'll become of you then, ?" T. questioned anxiously, fori wnta trembling nt the loss of my present, onportumtiea, "Oh, Lortl knows 1" sho answered' with another bright smilo, "If|t hud n bacliolor now, inuybii Im'd give mo a home of mu own I" "A bacho!»v?,, " Yes, don't you know that's what wo call a swoi'theart iu Ireland ?" " You havo plenty of bachelors," I said in a low. voice, " but a 'man might bo foud of you as fond conld be, and yet not bo nblo to make a home for you in n moment," " For want of money, is it ? Well, tlicrr.'u one good thing; you won't he in that WAy, Mr S— , for your work is rc-g'lnr, and so you could always bu sure of a bit for thu wife. If it was prior Mr M'AUistcr now—" " Oh, d— M'Allifltorl" I murmured. "Kill" she questioned, turning- hor firm full oyes ou inc. But as I tnado no reply to thu awkward "Eli ?" slid went on, "If it was poor M'AUistcr now, and his girl to bo loam' a home, wiiafc would ho. do ? He's so unhwlcv wilh tho work! Couldn't you gee him into the )hiUck)Mi- ti — — 1" " Ut'd imiko a fino policeman," I rotmned witti a sneer, as I glancca at tho slouching, loosn hiiug form that was leaning against the door iwst ot his tumble-down shanty, and doubtless listening to every word. "Yes. wouldn't ho now? But it s hard to get into the Forco they tell me, oh ?" "Knto!" I murmured, us low ns I could to try nud dodge tho listener, though I fancied I saw his big enr cock as soon as I stooped my head near thu Irish girl's soft face — "Kato. haven't you a sweetheart now. that yon could trust to put a ring on your hand f' And I ventured to touoh the littlu brown paw that lay on tlm rail near mo, "And if ho didn't kco bin way very clearly just this moment, wouldn't you wait a bit till ho could ?" "What would I want wid n blind inah?"sho naked merrily, "iiuvn't I two eyes of mn own; and if ho was a man I was fond of and ins hadn't a penny in his pocket, couldn't I soon kIiow him innnv a way of filling it? Ha I ha I ha I ha I" and the murry laugh broke out Irro- prtrwiibly aa alio drew her hand away from ino to clap it resoundingly against thu other. " What the deuce am you laughing at? " I asked angrily, for though I hiul almost whispered my fcri<m3 question to Rata she. had answered it loud enough for half tho neighbora to hear. " Arfnh, sure, I'm a fool 1" sho cried, wiplug the tears of loerrimeut from her bright bluo ovum with tlio corner of her apron, "and fools always laugh at thoir own fun. Me poor mother wa» always tellin' mc that, at home. An' tliat reminds ma — Mr M'Allistcr, isn't it to-tiichbyou expect your mother 1" "Aye. I'm gaun to meet her the noo." tho great hulking fellow raid, na ho turned his flat, unmeaning face round to Kate; "Iiuaunn neglect tho puir body," Aud ho camui.-ut to tho street, pulling on an old coat that was baidly worth picking out of tho cutter. "I'm rnlo sorry for noor M'Allistcr, " Kato murmured, as sho gazed up tho street after the Scotchman. "Youro sorry for everybody bift ine," I cried, "Kate, can't you b« serious with i;c ? Don't you seo I'm breaking my heart about you ? Kato glanced sideways at mc and— well, 1'in rather touchy about an increasing rotnndity. I'm developing what tha French call 'em- 'bonepomt, though what for it's hard to say, considering that thu more a man grows fat it stands to ruahun thu h ts will bu seen of his hone points. Be that as ib may, howover, KuteVglnuco humbled ns well as aunoyed me, eprciully when she went on, his heart ns they said, and ho wns that thin yott could see daylight through him. But, seri'iURly, now, MrS— , I want to tell you about M'Allifter's poor old mother." "Goon," said I viciously, oa l turned so that I couldn't seo -tho girl's bewitching face for a bit, and mnybo to hide thu uutlinu of my " ombnne|»oint." " The euilitur is very old, so hu buys, but she's "lie of tho wisest women over nenrd of. They're from tlie Highlands of Scotland, you know, and Mrs M'AUister is ono of them that can tell what's poin' to happen," " Tull a fiddlestick 1 Do you think I'm K««mg to Ifc'liuvo thut, Kato?" "You must whin you'll know yoursolf. Sure you can thrv her? There's notasacrettliat ovtr was but il you can get hor iu tho humor she'll tell it. Sho was what they call the second sight, and morever she's a November Eve-clnhi." " A November Eve olnld 1 What the deuce is that ?" "Arralil don't you know? Sure eyeryono knows that anyone born on November Eve, or what the So—tch call Hallow Eve, has great powers given Vm. Thoy cmi tell tho ti.oon and tho starj, aud .see ghosts mid »ukica and lairies and Inpri-clmuns, and all sorts." "Oh, stuff I do you think I believe such irash ? " "Well, I do then, nrnl ns soon as sho cotncs I'm going to »sl; her a thing." And Kutu loookod ut uio so shyly aud slyly from under longladi'cB that I tool: heart again. " What thing, Kate? "said Isoltly. "I want to know who's fondest of mo in all tho world" she whispered. " And if shu Buys its tv policeman, Kato I " "If she says it is will you believe in her, Mr " I will indeed." "Aud yuu'H help hor? -It's tho way tho crnttur gets Jier livin', you know. You'Jl bring some oi the young men you know." "Oh, gar, Ksto, do you want me to break tha law nttd bring n d— d old foriune-telirr business ?" I cried. "Oh, very well, I won't ask her anything at ajl thon." ' j "Oh, Knto, I'll do anything to please you, if Mrs M'Allister MayB that its a policeman loves you best, and that his name bogins with 8, I'll g' t hvr lots Of Tools to como to hor I" "And still bu a fool if elie says that— so." "You kn.jtv 1 didn't mean that, Kate," 41 Well, now, sno h»«rp, will you como dowu to-morrow night and well go in toguthor ?" " To get our fortunes told, is it?1 44 Yes. you know very well I'd go owr tho world with you, Kate. ' Aud sheltiughrd ng.im with tho rosy hps and white teeth so near me that flesh and olood couldn't stand it. 44 Kate," whispered I, "will you givo ma one kiss— juit one ?" and she gave mo a shove with both hands that nearly staggered mo into tlm gutter us sho darted to her door crying " Don't forget to-mnrrow night." You may bo euro I didu't forget it. I wont down to Kato just on tho odfpj of dark alter I wnu off duty, end she was waiting at tho gate for ino. "It's tho luokicft thing thut me brother's not coining home tilljall boural" she whispered; "Is M'AUifller tn?" I asked somewhat jealously. " No fear; do you think I'd go in. if he was thero I" and reassured I followed hot guidanoa into the cottage. Thu door was ajar, but tho outer room was in darknesss. In tho inner, however, a dim ullowcandlo burned on a dirty -table, and by it sat an old woman I knew must bo thu fortune- taller. Sho hud a hugo muslin cap on, and a big black silk handkerchief tied over founder her chin, and sho waa wrapped up In an old shejiherd' h plaid, with her elbow in tho m«uk of it. A big pair of crutches stood against the table near her, and an ugly black Tom eat sab talt upright on the table. .... "Mr M4AlHster, would .you rehd tho etors for us !" Kutu asked humbly. "This gentle man and ino we want — "Lut'tha gentleman comeforrit and spvaU 1" interrupted a muffled deep yoiob, as the woman shook her cap border fiercely at me, "tot turn cornn torrit to the llcht. ' .. .. , Of course I obi-yi-d, and osl did so the datriovated hieiUrty baekat mo. I hod tho are atest mind iiver won to knock him silly with ouaof tlio old woman' crutches that was liandy but l tlopight of Kato and controlled 'Wl'mb is ib ye're- wantin ? " tho old crea. turo usked sharply. "My fortnmi told, of cpuTse; I auswarcd, Butting the orown that Kato had told me was luchurgu ul< »au to the hugu hand. She grabbed thn cuin'ini4 tt disappeared l.ko magic, ovi« dcntly finiling.otliurs of its sort down in a deep pookei, fur it jiugled as it Aroppcd. amoug ; '.That'll, pay. for the' twa o ye," eh a grunted. "iui yo cab room m yo fulish giggling crathur.A Knle went closer io tho woman, her face liko a jed'roBo, und thu uncouqii'jroblo laugh rip pling b» hbr Iqw. . Anr'yeniiiifi-ard/lawiie?" tho hag asked BiiiUlridy. 44Tnk care thtiS'l-'dhma'nut'a uprll oujf? that yor. luugh.'U.tum ,toinurnin,J 'sorv« Jo richt if I did syno yo caro for you oivelod uniform innn."' CDmplimontary, wam'tit? but seeing tliah tlio old hog acknowledged my Kate's interest in mu I could nut resent the words "Darling aaya I m y low value, "Ask tho question vou know of before suuieona interrnpts uh." "tvui yon. lull me, please, inn'nm, who U fondest of mo?" Kato asked with sml den Keriuustiess. and there was siloncu n moment ns the old woman covered her Read with tlie plaid. Then she unoovered with a jerk and said, " It's a man that's niuiin bugiiiH with iu 8 ; he'd gi1 his lifo fur yo," 'Willi marry him?" asked Knte's low voice again. "Aye, will yo ; an' moke bin lifutholiannjcab that ovor livm' man knew." The energy oi tho wonls surprtai>d mo hut fleeing they icro so entirely Bpliefnctory i ffu not trouble farther. "Comuaway, Knto " I whispered; " she is the grandest old woman I nver heard of ! Comuaway outside till wo talk it over." But thn girl darted to tho door with a ring, ing htugh, and tho grip of tlio old woumjft fingers mi my arm held mo from immediatalv following her. "Stay, young man 1" said sho croakingly " I'vo rend yo're fortune, but IVo wnm ye, for a' that, tliat there a a heavy diaaptiolntniiiik afore ye." " Irm not going to get tho stripe, may bo Y I nshed with sudden mtorost. " Och I yo'll get fltnufts enow ; but it's from ; a woman yo'll got cm," sho sneered. ,4Achl I returned, in disgust ; "Ye'ro out llu ro ma'am. Thero isn't a woman livinr able to got tho bettor of James 8 nUh oven Sandy M'Allistar'a mother i " aj„i I walked out with a proud belief i|mk 1 hud tlie best of tho old hug j|lcro 'JaiphhS— bu taken in by a woman I oh no flir-r-cu 1 I was a foul tn pretend I hclievvd in the old devil's fortunn-trilmcn, but it was all pretence vou know, and it i>li?aeil pretty Kate Pretty Kato I How shy alio waa, ntul how her oyra danced, and her dimples deepened wlu-n slieinutlu bi'licsvo to laugh at mo I Sho nearly drove mo distracted during the next month sho (miKlit so hliy.f mi;, imly onco or twico letting me hold her hand for a moment; and unco u lii-u T prehsed her to nomo a day during tho next (j months, wlum I hojwd to havo a homo to jmb her in, shu daclared with ono of her hearth-at laughs tliat rim would be ready to bu married long before I would. The great Melbourne Racing Carnival \VM coining nit about this lime, and 1 was drafted to tho raceconrso duty with ninny nnuthur suburban constable. Before I went 1 heard a ureal dual about M'AlliMt- r'a mother ami tho hrnprt of money she was hauling in; for you must know that though rilly women were not plenty in tho9odaynAs now, thofortuno telling Immbugfi worn not so plentiful, But witli that, I nuppnxe, as with most other human .vcnknesecs and follka, 44 as thoy wero in tlm beginning thoy ore now, and will bu for ewnnore," without tho " Amen," jmuI M'Aiiia- ' tor's mother was reaping tlm gulden harvest \vu rend abour. I had a few stray complaints of thn ling' rvsidenco there from decent working men in Gruper street, whose wives had become infatuated with tho folly, and paid for it out of tlieir husband's baobunruod mum-y ; but I daren't tako nny notice, you hop, mr fear of offending Kate, thu dnrliug. For Kato ntnok to tho old ornaturo like the l:ttlu Irish brick sho was. 44 An' why wouldn't she tako the money, poor old soul P Kate 'asked indignantly; "alion not able to work, and sho gives 'ctn thu vnluu of It. What is five sinllingH, anyhow, to know who a girl is going to marry au — — "An' tliat a mot) whoso unmo begins with S — is fondest of hur iu all thu world," I added, recalling to her tho information I had paid my five HhillincrH for ; nntl Kate laughed ' with her hands on her supple rnuuded hips until shu had to take them away to wipo tlio tenrs from tier' eyes. Well, my friends, I was absent for a wcok, a.ul when I got back you may bu sure the very Drab moment I could get off I was off down to Gropcr street. Thero was a decent womnn, a widow, and. a nurse, lived a good bit nearer tho main road in Groper street than my Kato, and as it happened she was - at her door as j went along ns light of hourt and step as if I hadn't a year over twenty, or iv pound over nine etono on me. When Mrs Jones saw mo she ran out aud hcckotit d. " Como hero I" shu called. "Now don't go paBt, oouatftblfi, for I want to speak to you par ticular fur your own good." "For my own good," I repeated as I stopped. 44 Yvs, aren't you goin down now to Koto M'Keu's?" "Well I am, .why?" " Poor soul I" said she looking at tuo piti fully. ".WhoVtho poor soul !" I asked a Httlo Angrily may be. 44 Yoursrif then. Oh Hioy'vo been mtikin' thn biggest foal , of yo aethore I Don't yon go ono «te p near 'ora. Bad luok to I ray, and indeed till tho uabors are 6ayiu tho same, And pity in' yoursolf 1" " Maybo you'd tull mo what the devil you're driving nt Mrs Jones" 41 Sura I mmt.for bow will you know ? Arrah, roan, her own brother has turned agin her aiiu .left tho place, and she's married that schamcr o' ihu world Sandy M'AUister slnco yo'vo been Rune 1" ' "Who's married Sandy M'Alhator?" I asked feeling a ohokmg sensation up in my throat. "Wliv-Kato M'Kec— the shameless hussy. Oh, coiisablo, shi'M played tho dnepest gamo with yu, poor soul 1 Sim's manriud thu red headed Scotchma , and—" 44 1 don't believo ono word of it! What devils women aro I Because tha poor girl pltio tho old woman, and docs wnat sho can foe her—" " Hn, lin, Im 1" shrieked Mrs Jono " tho ould 44 Yes," said I firmly, " the old womnn. Of courso I don't hold with the foi tuno tailing nonsense, but Kate believes in it, and she'll gee niuro huuko uy uuu n, un— "Oil, Lord I" ri'peati'd Mrs Jones "thu old wouianl Why, man, theio'n no old woman at all) Ib wns M'Allistcr hiinfirif thntdrufisod up every night, mid rak<nl in tho money 1 Knto put him up to it, and kent you sweat so that ymi wouldn't interfere 1 Sundy got drunk at tho wedding, rnul let it nil out I Oh, you needn't shako your, fiat at ino I I had nothing to do with it : mid if you dun'b briiovo me, go. down and you'll nee." I didn't watt to answer her. but stallcrd dram the street with rage briling in ray veins. I'm a daugvrous man when my dander is up, ami it was up thon with a vengeanco. I didn't look to rigjit or left, but walked in nt M'Allittcr's o;>en door prepared to do. bsttlo on my own behalf If tliero was a hundred Highlanders in my way. But tliero wns no ono thero savo tho old woman sitting at the dirty tublo, with tho guttering caudle, and tho big black, cafe as usunl. It was getting dark, nod thero wns tlie old wretch, liko a dirty black spider, waiting $o calch flies and fivo shilling pieces. 7 walked straight up to Imr, aud without more ado nmdo n grab 55 the big ;mislin cap, nnd dragged it oil a dirty red h«ut— the red head of Sandy M'AlIietar. It was with Lho left hand I got the cup and with tho right I gavo 1dm a drivo uuder tlio u.ir that sent hitn liend-over-hcels into thn cornor. Thon I got hold of ono of tho crutelKH, and as tho cat was . sirittimr at ine, wait her back up liko thu arch of old Prmco's bridge, I let her imvo the swing of thu crutch till sho fouud herself flying nut tho back door.nnd> banging against the furthest fence. It is>a satisfaction to mn to know that thai cat lifts nnvc£ riuca been heard of in Groper atrcot. At this junotura I drew my breath, ond seoing M'Alllxier trying to got up out of Ins corner tackled him avaiu with tho other crutch. 44 You — red-headed, foul-smelling son of.a — old Highland— ahem 1". orio4 L " I'll let ymtknow what it is to innko a fool of Jumes S— I I'll hnmmurthu confounded Highland bones nut ot you 1" ' Will you, then? Will you da-a -r to lay a finger on my husband,, you srenkin' jmlice trap ? You pot- bellied, bear-swilUn crawlin' footcrufitier I You'd lay a - hand on him, eh? Not while I in by, nir-r-r-r I Tuke that, you dirty loafer, and that, and that, and that 1" Ana I was choked and btlndod by dippnr' "n(t«r dipper of foul-smvllmg dirrvsuds tlashcdinto my facu by my sweat Irish Kato. I havo tried to give y«u an idea of her over whelming abuse, but it is only an- idea— words cLtpjpo oaq do no justice to hers. I was beaten ftlf f.tm RiV1nj1f>» Mir- nliv. iwwt 1 r!k!i Kain'lt aIiusm, ftud whan I Went up tliu streot. wiping the dirty suds (faugh I it simiTr£i-jf rqd-hvadutt M'Allistrrrtl) out of my eyes, tlie flmghborg, includiug Mrs Jones, luugi.ed tlu-msolves sick at my expense. That was Mrs M'Allister's Inst apponrnnco in Gropcr street ; w hen I wont down next duy armed with a wnriaut for Sandy's arrest on tho serious chargo of personating a womnn, "thoy had luvautea. Nor havo I over heard of either since. Tliero was ono- tiling tliat- cut ma to tho: Uoart as my lost Kate's lafit salutation. I didn't mean to tell you, but whatSi tho two of hiding what A good many of my mates chaff mo nbotife yet ? As soon as I had one eyo cloar of the su-ls I turned round to fleewfmwus laughing at ine, and saw Knto out at M'Aliisiur's guto with tlm big Cttji, und hor head uml her out stretched hands, with onu thumb at lier bit of a novo, and tho other at tho ond of- hbr littlo finger, you kmiw, rohmhdiy "taking a lunar." And there she was, niookmgmy nndfgnifled exit 'whllo M Alllfltar WAR ivmfiiirr fL rrrwnf. ntiffilW out of a gap that Mecin«'d to Sift half his ugly read head off, "8thri|M>8 you want, is it, mu.' darlm ! Knta callud altar tno, " Ilegor, you got ein, nnd uioo durty wana, too I" Now, Is it any wonder that to this clay if I- ®au lush girl I slrnt acrcws tiio read, or that I cau t even think: of a rod-headed ScotuU- man Withnatienre? 