' BULN BULN TURF CLUB. President, Mr. D.. Conmior;' Ste. wards, Messrs. Doig, Edney, Gledhill, Leith, Lyons, Maynard, Stareley, Morton, South, Swyer, and Dr. Nolan; Judge,' Mr. Connor; Starter, Mr. Lyons; Clerk of Scales, Mr. Ross; Clerk of Course, Mr. Waidstone; Secretary, Mr. J. Picken. The annual race meeting of the Buln Buln Turf Club was held oh the Whiskey Creek race course on'Mohday last, when there was a largoe attendance from the surrounding district, Warra gui being largely represented. The' various events were carried out with punctuality and almost without acci dent, a mishap hbaring occurred to Planet, who fell in tho.Hurdleo Race. The enjoyment of the day was marred by a thunderstorm which came up near five p.m., and' the rain then poured down for some time,completely wetting all present. The judging was excel lently carried out by Mar. D. Conner, and the horses were started by Mr. A. C. Lyons in his customary good style, while the stewards assisted by Mr. Ross, as clerk of the scales, performed their various duties with credit. The 3Maiden Plate found a winner in Paddywhack; and Zodiac carried off the District Handicap. The Handicap Hurdle Race was won by Disturbance in a manner that was loudly applauded. The Buln Buln Cup had only two starters and the judge's eye was first caught by Caractacus. Renown won the Selling Race after a dead heat with Platelayer ; and Disturbance was again successful in the Steeplechase. The Ladies' Bracelet was carried off by Zodiac. The details are as follow: amuIwDE PL.ThE. J. and R. Lecky's ch g Paddy Whack, 6 yrs, 8st lllb (Williams) ...... 1 A. Dowling's b f Solace, 4 yrs, Sit 1llb (Jackson) :. 2 J. M. Coghlan's br g Happy Jack, 5 yrs 8st lllb (Gardiner) .. .... . 3 Royal Maid, Tommy and Gunshot also started, but were unsuccessful . The lead was taken alternatively by Tommy, Happy Jack and Solace, but Paddy Whack soon overtook his opponents and came in an easy winner. D.LTraICT IIANDICAP. W. Poole's b g Zodiac, aged, l0at (F. Cupitt) . ... .. 1 F. Baker's bh g Caractacus, aged, 10st 71b (G. Cpitt) ............ 2 E. Maynard's br m Norma, 6 yre, 8st (Williams) ... ... ... ... 3 Starlight and Rainbow also came to the poet. Starlight and Norma occupied moat attention until nearly round the course, when Zodiac and Caractacus took up the running, followed by Norma. Zodiac was not to be denied, however, and won with but little effort. A protest was entered on the ground that the winner was not a district horse; but the stewards decided against it. S DLE BAcE. W. Perridge's br h Disturbance, aged, 10(t 41b (Perridge) ......... W. Wright's ch g Whisper, aged, 9st 71b , ,: . -La:t:'is i? b"ian. aged, i s-.. -l This wad a gift to Disturbance, who by his speed and admirable style in sailing over the hurdles, never gave the others a ghost of a show to get near him, Whisper and Sebas tian racing home for places. " ULK BULN CUP. F. Baker's b g Caractacus; aged, 7st 51b (Thorley) ...... .. W. Wright's ch g Whisper, aged, ist 101b (Furlong) ... ... ... 2 Two only faced the starter outof an entry of six.for; this evnpot,.-,Both horses were running neck and inel for some distanoe when Carastaeus got the advantage and kept increasing it until the post was reached. KBLLINO PACL R. Scott's b m Renown, aged, 8st 121b (Gardiner) .......... .. J. Gray's br g Platelayer, 6 yrs, 8at 10lb t F. Bird a's br g Burdekin, aged, Sat 10lb, (Thorley) .. ... ... ... 3 tDead heat. Leander, Cat, Wallace and Hard Case were the other starters. This was the best race of the day as far as a finish was con cerned, the three horses Renown, Platelayer and Burdekin being so close to each other that it was with difficulty the public could determine which was first of the trio. The judge, however, on being appealed to gave it as a dead heat with Renown and Plate layer with Burdekin third. Some clamor had been made, but on the decision being announced, the judge was heartily cheered. The owners decided to run it off with the result that Platelayer was beaten by Renown with comparative ease. STEEPLrCIIAS.L W. Perridge's br h Disturbance, aged, 10st (Perridge) 1 W. Jelson's g g Edward, iged, list 71b 2 W. H. Smith'seh'm -Louise, 5 yrs, Pat 101b (h'Allister) ... ... ... 3 Dronin, Planet, No Joke and Glenrowan were the others in the Sold. Disturbance again took the lead, but was closely followed by Planet, whose rider seemed determined to prevent Disturbance from getting so far away as before, but in the last round at the back of the course the pace was too hot, and Planet turned completely over on the second last fence. Relief was expressed when the jockey was seen to rise uninjured, but the horse was found to have received serious inh jury to the stifle. In the meantime Edward had assumed second. place. Disturbance having got home by the length of the straight and Louise being close up to the second horse. LAOIZS' Bi,&C5L5t.; Miss Poole ns Zodiac, aged, Ilt 71b (Poole) ... .. ... .... ... 1 Mrs. A. Edney ns ch g Starlight, aged, 10st (M'Arthir) ......... Mrs. E. H. Maynard na br m Norma, 6 yrs. Pst Illb (R. Casey) ... ... 3 2 he other starters were Rainbow, Exile and Surprise. Zodiac again came in an easy teinner, followed by'.tislight and Norma cloje tokete, .".. A -: A couple of private matches were run off during theday; A flat race for £10 a-side between C. F. Mill's The Chestnut and M. Canavan's Snip, resulted in favor of the former; and in a trotting match for £2 Cor mack's Jeannie easily defeated Kelly's Jess. ..i?..? ? ? .-- 