Wovelist. THE RIYAL BELLES OF PARRAMATTA. A CHARMING L0V£ STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRU LING INTEREST. By LAURA JEATJ LIBEEY. CHAPTER XXII. A STA11TX.IKO DISCOVER 1'. Tlio next afternoon, as Max Forrester sat in liis arm-chair' by the lace- draped window, his fair head hent dejectedly on \- liia hands, tho door opened softly and his : ^ mother ontored. 'Mux,' she said, huskily, 'you are wearing your life out. Will you never bo able to forget V An expression of deep pain crossed his lmndsomo face. ' 'No, lio .answered, desperately. 'Try as I will, novel* for a moment am I able to forget ; waiting or sleeping, alono or in the midst of crowds, tho face of Florabel ia ever beforo mo. Despite all, I cannot believe my darling lias gone— to him. I will not believe it.' 'You must not brood ovor this matter, : my son,' said Mrs. Forrester, laying her jewelled hand on his fair, clustering curls. ' Constant brooding has dethroned many . a man's reason. You aro my only sou, Max. If anything should. liappon to you, I— I should die. You must- give up tho hope of searching out Arthur Hurlhurst and' holding him accountable,' she faltered. ' 1 will trace Ililn and find out what ho is to Florabel if it costs me my life,' ho answered, bitterly. 'Ho is in Sydnoy,' mother,' he went on, huskily. 'I havo ? traced liim hero ; sooner or lator wo shall meet.' ' I prny Heaven you may not,' an swered Mrs. Forrester, fervently. The following day, as Max stepped from a cab, the first person whom he met was Gerald Thorndylce, his old college friend. ' Why, Forrester,' saidGerald, aghast, 'how changed you are 1 I would not havo recognised you if you had not spoken. Come into this cafe. I havo not dined yet, and we will havo a talk over old limes. What do you say ?' ' Certainly,' said Jinx, leading tho way. ? , 'What- is : this you wrote mo,' said Max, turning abruptly to his friend aftor thoy had given thoir order, 'about going to marry 'ono woman while your heart was another's t Tako my advice ; don't do it.'' Gerald Thorndyko flushed red, then ? ; turned deadly pale. '' Fate has taken all choico in tho mat ter out ofmy hands,' he replied, with much embarrassment. ' Tho heiress broko off tho engagement with nie ; and tlio girl for whom'! would havo renounced a' fortune refused mo point blank, with scorn and derision, then suddenly disap peared. I havo been trying to discover lior whereabouts over since.'1 Gorald Thorndyko knew his friend's rtrict notions of honor too well to tell him exactly how tho affair had hnpponcd ; indeed, it -was a source of deep annoyance to recall the mattor at all, all save' that part of it relating to Florabel. 11 No doubt .you eensuie me, Forrestor . for admiring ono when I was engaged to another, but if you had seen Miss Vano you would not have marvelled nt that. Why, sho was as beautiful as a dream, with a beauty at once peculiar and strik ing. Hor face was as fair as a lily ; her dimpled cheolts like two pink roses ; and her eyes — it would tako a painter or a poet to describo them — thoy wore of a rich hazel, wonderfully pathetic ; and the littlo head was crowned with a mass of culling, golden linir. Why, heavens 1 Forrester, what is the i\iattor ? You look us pale as a ghost. ' ' A ghost of the past ha3 just risen up to confront me. DoytmJuiow, Thorndyke, you havo described accurately — my wife 1 I did not beliovo the round world held ono liko hor. . You shall soo hor picture, and you can judge for yourself. No doubt , but you have hoard my story ; tho news papers havo aired it protty thoroughly.' ' Yes, I havo heard of it,' ropliod Thorndyko, extending his liand and grasp in» that of Max in oarnost sympathy; ' but I hope all- will como out right in tho cud.' ' Never 1' declared Max, firmly. \- As ho spoko he took tho portrait from liis breast'pocket and liauded-it across the table to his friend. Ono glance, then Gerald Thorndyko sprang to his foot with a startled cry. ' My God 1 am I mad, or do I dreaml' . ho criod, oxcitodly. . ' Nro, no, my senses [ aro not playing mo false ; this is the por t trait If Miss Vane t Even hor namo, in hor own dolicuto chirography, is beneath it — Florabel. . Do you mean to tell 1110 this — this — is }/uitr wife, Forrester?' he said, his voico husky with agitation. 'Yes,' replied Max, woiidoringly. 'Then, -by all that is wonderful, I declare solemnly this is tho samo young girl I know as Miss Vane — Florabel Vane,' said Gerald, wliito to tho lips but not moro white than Max. 'This is tho girl with whoso lovoly faco I fell limdly iu lovo at first sight.' Mux had sprung to his foot in intonso amazement. ' I do not comprehend what you say,' cried Max, hoarsely. 'Make this thing clear to mo, Thorndyko.' 'I will,' ropliod Gorald. 'Calmyour- solf. Sit down and listen. I will tell you all and he told him briofly and. truth fully tho story of Miss Carlisle's accident, which had brought, hor and the beautiful young stranger together, and all that had transpired since. 'It is but two dai^sinco that you saw her in tho park, vo *say T' gasped Max. ' It is so,' replied Gerald. 'And you havo been searching for hor ever since, but can find 110 trace of he-1'1'' questioned Max, bi'e;Ulilc'lV i u , 'If tho -o'''1' 0!U''1 h.'id suddenly onencd and swallowed her, silo could not v. — -»? ooriiplctely lost to tho world,' said Gorald. ? 'For weeks sho had beon tho com panion of Miss Carlisle. Tiiat was proof positive, then, that she was not with Hurl hurst. He could havo cried aloud to Heavon with very joy for tlmt. How cruelly tho world had judged her, his poor, innocent darlin'. A flash of something vory liko tho truth dawnod upon him. ' Believing that ho would keep his word — that he meant to leave hor — she had gono quietly away— to face tho great cold world — alono. Then, in tho faco of all this, ho roniem bcred her letter. She had written on that tear-blotted page that sho was ' going to Arthur;' and at tho thought his faco grow dark and stormy. Ho would havo given his lifo to have believed in hor inno cence ; but, ah, Heaven 1 how could he ? how could hoy He bowed his handsome, troubled face, in his hands, liis tall form shaking like an aspen leaf. It had been a severe broaking up of a pretty lovo dream to Gorald Thorndyke. It was his creed to fall in love with lovely young girls ; but ho never mado the fatal mistake of admiring or giving one thought to a beautiful woman on whom another hat! claims which should always be held sacred. ' ' I will pledge you my word to do all in n.y power to aid you in finding her, Max,' ho said, us thoy parted an hour later. ' Rest assured, if sho is in Sydney wo shall soon know it ; and this fellow Hurl hurst — we will give him a littlo attention, too.' Gerald Thorndyke walked slowly back to his hotel. 'I'm the most unlucky dog under tho sun,' ho ruminated. ' Miss Carlisle and her fortune gone ; and the girl I have loved so madly, Max Forrester's bride. Was there ever such a contretemps — such a strange revolution of the wheel of fate !'' Ho walked into the reading-room of tho hotel, and threw himself down into nn arm-chair near the window. A young man sat opposite him, glancing eagerly down the columns of a newspaper. His faeo scorned to attract Gerald Thorndyko strangely at first glance. Feel ing intuitively tho deep scrutiny of tho prolonged gaze bent upon him, tlio young mail dropped tho paper nervously and turned hastily away. ' Why should he do that V' thought Thorndyko, picking up a paper and pre tending to be absorbed iu its columns. 'There is something wrong there, I feel sure. That fellow will bear watching.' Twice the young mail rose from liis seat and paced up and down the iloor of tho reading-room, eagerly watching the great bronzo clock on tho wall. Stveral strangers entored the room, and Gerald Thorndyko saw liim glance keenly, and with repressed uneasiuess and agitation, very carefully at each and every one ; aud as thoy looked at him indif ferently and passed by, lie turned'away in apparent relief. As tho porter passed by tho door lio' beckoued to him. 'Has my baggago been taken down, from my room yet?' ho asked, hosi-' talingly. ( ' .Not yet, sir,' returned' tho man. ' You aro to lake tho 8:45 train. It is only 8:15 now. You have pionfcy of time,' The young man resumed his seat and his paper. ' I shall nevor feel safe until I havo put considerable distanco botween Sydnoy and nie,' lie muttered. At that instant ono of tho boys stopped into tho room, holding a, telegram in his hand. : .'Is Mr. Arthur Hurlhurst here?' he asked, glancing quickly among tho dif ferent groups of gentlemen. ' A telegram forhiin.' Tho young man spravig'to his feet and hold out his hand for it, saying, in a con strained voice : 'This way, my lad. I am Arthur Hurlhurst.' CHAPTER XXIII. 'SEND'I'Ol! 1IIM. TELL HIM I AM DYING. I CANXOT It EST IX JtV GRAVE UXI.F.SS I H.WF, SEEN HIM.' ?If a thunderbolt had suddenly fallen from a clear sky and exploded at Gerald Thornilyke's feet, ho could not havo been more starllcd. Could it bo possiblo that tho man For rester was looking for — who had caused him such a world of woo — was within his grasp 1 In an instant ho had made up liis mind what courso to pursue. He would detain liim until Max Forrester could be sent for. Approaching him, Gerald opened a' conversation with him with great care, taking tho precaution of sending ;- special messenger in great hasto.for Max first. Gorald Thorndyko know so well how to muko himself a ' thoroughly good fellow,' as liis companions expressed it, that ho quito charmed Arthur. ' I am sorry I did not meet you beforo,' ho said, rising to leave tho reading- room. ' I kiavo Sydney to-day. 1 shall havo to bid you good-byo now.' There was a quick, ringing stop outside ; Bomo ono burst into, tho room with a bound ; and before Arthur Hurlhurst could wheel about, a hand liko a grip of iron fell on liis shoulder, and a hoarse voico— which fio know but too well — fell hoarsely on his ear, crying out : 'I havo tracked you down at last, you / villain ! Most any otlior man would shoot . you down on tho spot ; but I will give you au equal chanco with mo for your lifo. But I will havo this accurBcd affair cleaved up first. Answer mo 1 Whoro is Flora bel r Arthur Hurlhurst attempted to shako himsolf froe, but tho grasp on his shouldor was na firm as bands of steel. - Much to Mux Forrester's amazement, tho brown oyes of tho young man met his unflinch ingly. ' Upon my honor, Ijinsworyou candidly I do not know,' ho roplicd, calmly. 'Tell mo on tho spot, or I will not bo accountable for what may happen after : what is Florabel to you T' It almost killed Max Forrestoi'-to utter these words ; but ho must know tho truth. ' I may as well mako a clean breast of it,' said Arthur, fralikly, 'and throw1 myself upon your mercy. - Excuse will not avail. 1 soo you are in for hearing tho wholo truth.' ' Yes,' said Max, hoarsely, ' I will havo tho tr''1*' ' ..'j.vrunt I have to 3;iy shall never bo told beforo a third parly,' said Arthur, proudly. 'You can retire, Gorald,' said Max. ' I will deal with this fellow alono.' ''N.iw, thon, speak out quickly,' cried Max, harshly. 'Answer my question at once.' 'I am Florabol's brother,' replied Arthur, -slowly. ' This I swoar to you. But beforo I 'explain further, you must give mo your solemn promiso that you will not reveal what I am about to tell you to any living poi son, for upon this strango point hangs what seems to you poor little Florabol's unaccountable actions.' Max Forrestor dropped back as though ho had been shot. 'Florabol's brother 1' ho gasped. ?' Impossible 1 IIow dure you tell mo this? Sho has no brother.' ' I am her brother — hor miserable, un happy, worthless- brother,' responded Arthur, sadly. ' I wish to heaven I had never mado myself known to the poor girl, to have brought all this misery upon her. If you were not blind,' Forrestor, you could trace iu my faco tho relationship. It does not admit of doubting.' Ah, yes I Horo wore tile samo hazel oyes, tho sweet mouth, tho crinkled,' goldon, curly linir ; tho samo trick of cresting tlio. head backward. Yes, yes, ho must boliovo tho truth. This was certainly Florabol's brother. Gladly he gave the required promise. His Gxcitomcnt was so groat he scarcely breathed as ho listened to Arthur Hurl liurst's or rather Arthur Dean's recital of tho lifo he had led. Hunted down .for crime, how ho had met Florabel, recog nising hor instantly as his sister, and how he had made the fact known to her whon sho met liim, at his earnest request in the rose arbor. ' Oh, how much misery might havo been spared if Florabel had bnt told mo I' groaned Max, burying his face in his hands. 'Tho poor child believed you would leavo her if you know her to be the daugh ter of a criminal and the sisler of a forger,' replied Arthur; '-'-and on lier knees she begged me to keep all know ledge of that from you, although sho wanted to toll you I was her brother. But this I mado her take a solemn vow j not to do, for I dreaded lest, with your find notions of honor, you would hand mo over to tho authorities. ' I bade her good-byo and left her. Tho next thing I knew she came on to- Sydney to nie, telling 1110, with sobs and tears; of your oruol suspicions, and beg ging mo to go back With her .and set the matter straight. I put the poor child off from week to week' for, as I said beforo, I feared lost you would givo 1110 up to tho authorities if you knew all, and it would be sure to come out.' Thon, with faco flushing and paling with shaino, I10 told tho story of the diamonds which ho had taken from Florabel, and not boing bold enough, to faco her, had desortod hor, leaving her alono, penniless, in tho largo, strange city. Max Forrester's emotion was so great he could hardly withhold his terrible wrath at this point, on listoning to tho pitiful desertion of poor, beautiful, hapless Florabel, his wronged, innocont darling. 'From tho hour in which I left her to take out the diamonds to sell I havo not looked upon her face,' concluded Arthur. Slowly Max drew from his broast pocket a pencil and memorandum. ' What is the name of this firm whom you havo wronged, and who aro hunting you down V' he asked, abruptly. Arthur told liim, also tho amount of his defalcation. 'You stand clear with tho world all savo this ?' Mux askod. 'Yes,' replied Arthur. ' Then, for Florabel's sake, you Bhall walk amongst pooplo-'a free man once more. I will send tlio firm a cliequo to cover the amount. Leavo ine. I cannot look upon yonr face, remoniboring how you left my darling so heartlessly at the mercy of tho world. Go 1' Ho would listen to no- thanks, no re grots. ' Go I'' he said. 'You have brought about all tho trouble between- Florabel and me. Never let me seo your faco 'I swear to you I will reform. Tho time shall como whon Florabel will havo no need to blush for me,' declared Arthur. ' Lot me prove my gratitude for what you have dono for 1110 by trying to find her. If 1 wore to put a personal in tho daily papers, asking her to como to 1110, sho would do it.' Max eagerly caught at tho suggestion. Despite all their efforts thoy could find 110 trace of Florabol. As Gorald Thorn dj'ko had said .' 'If tlio earth had opened and swal lowed her, she could not ho moro com pletely lo3t to tho world.' The golden summer waned ; tho first fall of snow heralded tho approach of winter. Where was Florabel V Max wondered, with a deep groan, as he stood watching' tho blinding snow-flakes. Ah ! had I10 but known. Inez Clavering had hoard tho wonder ful _ story -of poor Florabol's complete vindication with a boating heart. Her hopes were dashed forovor now in regard to Max's applying for and obtaining a divorce from Florabel. \- That would novor bo now ; but sho should tako a terrible rovongo upon Max because sho could novel' win him. Sho could soparato hiin and Florabel forever. Inez Clavering had secured a bonrd ing- placo for Florabel with her old nurse, Mrs. Burgoyno, in Geolong, a woman whoso soul seemed bound up in glittering gold. 1 ' You must soo. to it that she writes no letters which you do not mail ; and those you are to send secretly to me, telling hor, of course, from day to day, thero has beon as yet 110 ;;nswor.' Th-'! ? had beeu Inez Clavoring's strict instructions, and tho woman carried thorn out to the letter. - Twice a week Inez— who, undor tho guiso of friendship, was Florabol's bitterest foe — went to- Geolong to 000 Florabol, for she was vory 'ill now. O11 this stormy day Inez had gono to Geolong to seo Florabel, for tlio old niirso had written her boforo midnight in all probability tho crisis would bo past. Florabel hold out hor littlo white hand to hor as Inez approaohed tho couch with tho most wan, pitiful smile that over was soon. 'Is ho with you, Inez?' sho mur mured, in a fearful whisper. 'Did you tell him how ill 1 was ? aud would bo not 001110 ?' ' I told him,' replied Inez, smoothly ; ' but I10 made no reply ns to whether I10 would como or not.' 'He must como! oh, God! ho must como !' criod Florabol, starting up, and wringing her hands wildly. ' I am going to die, Inez,' sho wailed piteously. 'I am suro I am. Whon tho dark shadows closo around 1110, lot his faco be tlio last I shall see. Let me die with my head on his breast. Oil, Inoz, I cannot rest in my grave, no mattor how doep they bury 1110, until I have soon him.' ' I will telegraph him to como on at once,' assented Inez. ? All through tho long hours that fol lowed Florabel was asking : ' Has I10 oomo ?' Tho answer was always ' No.' CHAPTER XXIV. ' MY' HEART AND My AIULS A11E EMPTY.' 'Ho will not come! lio will not 001110 !' groaned Florabel, turning her white face to tho wall. Sho grew so alarmingly ill by midnight that the doctor was sent for in all haste. ' I will leavo you now,' said Inez, in a whisper to Mrs. Burgoyno. 'If any great change should o:cur let mo know at once.' The first streaks of early dawn were piercing the dark clouds of the night sky, when Mrs. Bugoyno hastily entered Inez's room. ' You told me to awaken you if any groat change occurred,' sho said. ' I have come to tell you that tho beautiful stranger has a lovely littlo daughter.' 'I will go to her at once,' replied Inez. 'You remain hero and tako a littlo rest. I will tako your place by tlie beside.' A fow moments after Inez reached Florabol's apnrtniunt' tho doctor left. Florabel had fallen into a deep, dreamless sleep. Inez drew her cushioned chair closo to tho couch and sat down, watching, with frowning brow, the sweetlittlo face turned toward hor on tho pillow. ' I shall always hate you,' sho mut tered, turning abruptly away. Suddenly, a3 he sat thero, tho greatest temptation of Inez Clavering's lifo came to her— a temptation that mado hor faint and dizzy, and almost cry aloud in horror, for it led to a sin . Tho child would surely bo tho link which would draw these two estr.mgod hearts together. All, if it had but died ! ' I could not stain my hands with its lifo blood, but I could tako it away,' muttered Inez. 'Place it where sho couhl never find it. She would not know, but what it died.' The thought of Florabel being happy in' the future in the love of husband and child drovo her to madness. 'It shall not bo,' she cried. 'It must not bo.' Inez Clavering lojt no time in acting upon the horrible thought that had taken possession of her. Hastily robing . her self in a long dark cloak which sho found in tho wardrobe, and snatching up the child, and wrapping a thick shawl about it, sho hurried out into tho street. Ah nie ! what a terrible storm 1 How (ho winds shrieked aud moaned around tho street corners. ? 'To the orphan asylum,' said Inez, drawing hor thick veil more closoly over hor faco, as sho stopped into the vehicle. The driver sprang to his box, touched his horses with tlio whip, and away they flew through tho gray dawn of tho early morning. Bidding the driver wait for her on an adjacent comer, Inez mado hor way on . foot to tho orphanage. Early as the hour was, tho busy bustling matron' was up and about. Inez was shown into tho reception-room, whoro tho matron soon camo to hor. 'I 'am hero on quito a delicate errand,' said Inez, flushing, as sho unwound tho shawl, adding, without a tremor or a blush' at the terrible falsehood that burned her lips ; ' I found this on our doorstop this morning, and not knowing what to do with it, ns I am a poor woman, I liaye brought it to you.' '' '.Poor littlo Ihing I' exclaimed tho kind-heartod matron, taking tho littlo creature in her arms. ' Wiiat a horrible night for it to bo left on a doorstop 1 I wonder you did not find it frozen to death. It seoms to 1110 tho vengoanco of God ought to follow a woman who so wrongs a helpless littlo child,' sho said, feol in&ly.; A deadly pallor shot ovor Inez's faco, but sho vouchsafed no answer. After the usual formula was gono through with, baby was received into tho asylum, and Inez Clavering, with n sin 011 hor soul .that tho angels up in heaven must havo wop t over, took hor departure. ' The poor littlo tiling must bo given a name,' said tho matron, ns sho handed tho baby ovor to an attendant. ' With a faco so sweet, she should liavo a vory pretty name.'' It must havo boon tho vory irony of fato that suggested itself to her to call baby 'Flora' — Flora Winters. . Inez readied tho house, and gained Florabol's chamber without having boen missed. It was quito half an hour later ere Flora bel opened her oyes. Inez bont quickly ovor her. 'Is it a dream, Inez,' she whispored, vaguely, ' or was there a littlo child ? Havo I really a — littlo child?' 'Try to forgot it, doar,'' murmured guilty Inez. ' Thoro was a littlo child, but it ia 110 more, and it was takon away. You must forget it.' Florabul sobbed aloud. 'Taken away beforo I had tinio to kiss its littlo faco !' she sobbed, piteously. , ' All, -Heavon, why mustl lose everything I love 1 I should have lovod it so much.' 'You mus't bo content,' returned Inez, hoarsely. ' How can I bo content with my heart and my arms both empty !' moaned poor Florabul. ' Oil, Inez, it is hard, very hard. I wish I had died, too, with poor baby. -3 It was a littlo girl, wasn't it, Inez ?' ' Yes, but you must not talk about it ; you will make yourself ill,' declared Inez, nervously. 'Hero, drink this; it is a quiuting draught.' I lorabel quietly obeyed. An hour lator Mrs. Burgoyno camo to relievo Inez. ' Why, whoro is tho baby ?' sho cried out, in amazement, as sho turned tho coverlet down. 'IIusli !'' whispered Inez, cautiously. 'Tho child died and tho doctor took it away with him.' The steady gazo of tho cold, hard, brilliant eyc3 that mot Mrs. Burgoyno never flinched. ' The child died I' muttered Mrs. Bur goyno, when sho found herself alono. 'A likely story for you to attempt to mako 1110 boliovo, Inez Clavering. You have made away with it in some fashion. I will make it my business to find out where it. is ; thon I will havo you in my power. You shall pay mo handsomely for holding my tonguo, or I will go to this girl and tell her all.' Weary life had commenced again for poor Florabel ; death would'not come for tho asking. Tho day camo at last whon she told Inez sho. could consent to be a burden upon her no longer. 'I will nover mako another appeal to Max to take 1110 back to his heart, now that baby is dead,' sho said, hor lovely eyes filling with tears. ' Tho time has come when I must do something for myself.' ' What could you do ?' asked Inez, curiously. - 'Whatever I can got to do, ' responded Florabel, bravely. 'I was speaking to Mrs. Burgoyno about it yesterday, and sho was telling 1110 of a vacancy in ono of tho largo dry goods stores. I might try there.' ' If I can bo of any use to you at any time in tho future you havo but to com mand 1110,' said Inez. ' Will you wr'to to mo onco in a while, Inez, and tell 1110 how he is? I am dif ferent from him. If ho were ill, I would go to tho other end of tho world to him. Ah, that is truo love, Inez. .1 thought when I married Max ho loved me like that.' ' Max was always fickle in lovo affairs, as liis mother snys. Havo spirit about you, Florabel. Show liim' your heart is not broken.' ' But it is broken,' declared Florabol, piteously. 'Any ono who looks in my faco can soo that.' Thero wore many applicants for tho vacancy in tlio great dry goods houso already waiting when Florabol roached there the following morning. But from among tho many Florabel was selected fo'r tho position. Hor pretty face and modest, retiring manners pleased tho proprietor, Mr: Wallingford, immensely. Here, also. Florabel gave hor name as Miss Dean. , 'You may commence your duties, as soon as convenient,' he said. ' You aro to bo in the ribbon department. Sliss Van Horn, 0110 of the young ladies in charge, will show you all that is re quired.' In all working places, wherever thoro aro a number of young ladies employed, thoro is always 0110 who reigns supremo over the other girls ; and iu this dry goods houso, Aletha Van Horn, a protty, dark eyed brunette, was tho rilling spirit. 'How do you liko tho now- comorj' chorused tho girls, gathering around their leader at lunch hour. 'I hato her,' muttered Aletha Van Horn, in a luitf voice. Ono of hor companions laughed aloud. ' That is because sho has a protty face, and you nre afraid your lover tho manager, may fall in love with lier, Aletha^' sho declared. Tho rest all tittered, for thoy knew it was tho truth. 'If I10 should fall in lovo with her pretty pink and wliito face, I would make hor mo tho day sho ovor camc here, I can tell you that much.' As Aletha glanced in tlio direction of tho handsome young manager, Charlie Whitney, sho turned deathly pale. Ho was watching Florabol with liis heart in his eyes. -Ah, if Florabel could have fore seen the horrible end of this affair. (To be Continued.) 