? OUT OF EDEN. 1 (BY DOHA RUSSELL.) CHAPTER II. TIIE NEW AGENT. ' Miss Florence,' ho said, ' cxcuse me — forgive me speaking to you ; but — but I can not bear to see your grief.' She started when she heard his voice, and then, as he went near to her, she spoke, look ing at him with the same piteous wild look in her eyes. ' You have heard, then 1' she said. ' You know he is dead — T.udy Blunt killed him 1' 'Oh! no, no, dear Florence, no,' said Robert, and he took her cold hand. 'Yes, but it is so,' answered the girl eagerly ; 'he was well and happy last night, and she sent for him, and when ho came back he had death in his face; I heard him all the night wandering up and down ; and then I fell asleep, and in the morning —it woke me ! itwokenie !' ! And the unfortunate girl gave a cry, and wrung her hands in her overpowering grief. In vain Robert tried to comfort her. Over and over she told the same sad story. The noise of the fatal shot had roused her from her restless sleep, and she had gone into bis room, and found her dying father. „ ' He never spoke a word,' she said j ' only looked, and looked — and then he died ; and that bad and wicked woman killed him 1' She repeated this again and again, ' Lady Blunt killed him 1' and Robert found it was useless to argue with her on the subject. Hp tried to get her mto'the house, and while lie | was doing this young Thirl well, the doctor's assistant, who had. crept after Robert with trembling steps, and' stood shaking at the garden gate, having now reassured himself that it was not Mr. Chester's ghost that was in the garden talking to Robert, but his daughter, appeared on the scene, and advanced, assuming a professional attitude. ; ' We can't have this, Miss Florence,' he said ; ' we really can't. The doctor sent me up to see . after you ; what would he say if he heard you were wandering about in the moonlight ; you really must go in.' Florence made no reply ; but she went into the house,! and the young doctor laid a de taining hand on Robert Fletcher's arm. ' I say, Fletcher,' he said, ' didn't I get a start. 1 thought the old boy was out of his coffin again, and taking a stroll over the old familiar scenes. But that ' girl should have someone with her — someone to control her, for there's1 something wrong here,' and he signi ficantly touched his forehead. 'She ought to.have a lady with her. I suppose your sister would not come 1' ,Mr. . Thirl well made this proposition quite coolly ; for he had now got over his fright, and he was not bashful, and for a moment Robert felt; and looked surprised ; then, after consid ering for a second, he recognised the good sense of Mr. Tliirlwell's idea. I -will ask her,' he said, ' if you will stay here till I come back.' 'Well,' replied Thirl well dubiously, who did not quite relish the idea of remaining at Westwood, '? if you're quick.' ' I'll be very quick,' said Robert, and he hurried away, leaving Mr. Thirlwell still feel ing a little nervous. But Robert kept his word, and as quickly as he could walk, he went down the path by the lake side ; and as he neared their cottage he saw Mary standing watching for him in the moonlight. CHAPTER III. A SICK NDBSE. When Mary Fletcher saw her brother re turning, she advanced eagerly to meet him. : ' I've been so anxious about you, Robert,' Bhe said. ' What did that woman want ?' 'I'll tell you another time, Mary,' an swered Robert. - 'Now I've got a favor to ask you— a very great favor.' Mary's beautiful complexion flushed, and an uneasy look came over her face. ' Whatjisit?' she asked. ' That poor girl, Florence Chester, is nearly mad with grief,' continued Robert. 'She should .have someone with her, some lady— Mary, will you go to please me ?' And Rob ert took hold of his sister's hand. \- ' Why should I go 1' said Mary. 'Surely there are other people more fit — and she has her sister.' ' They are both very ill, Mary - T have seen Florence — she was wandering about in the garden, rhalf out of her mind, and that fool, young Thirlwell, took her for a ghost, and got a terrible fright. But1 Florence is really ill— too ill not to be watched.' ' Why does my lady not watch her, then V' said Mary. 'They say, Robert, that- Lady Blunt is' going to take these girls to live with her at thee Hall. Dr. Humphrey's told some, one thai Lady Blunt meant to do this.' / 'Lady Blunt!' repeated Robert, in sur prise. ' Yes, so they say— and they say also that my lady-killed Mr. Chester, or rather that she made him kill himself.' 'What folly, Mary/' said Robert, rather angrily. ' Perhaps it is— but at all events I would rather not go near them, Robert'.' For a moment or two Robert , was silent, and then he; put his arm through his sister's. ' ' You are prejudiced against Lady Blunt, Mary,' he soid. ' All that is nonsense j she iB. I am sure, most kindly disposed towards these poor fatherless girls, and she may, for nnything I know, have offered them a homo And as for her causing poor Chester to shoot himself— why, it's absurd — he must have been temporarily insane.' 'People always say that, don't they, whon a man prefers to face death to dishonor 1' ' Mary 1' said Robert, much annoyeil, and he dropped his sister's arm. For a moment or two they walked on together in silence, and then Mary, ufter glancing at Robert's face, suddenly clasped his hand. 'Forgive me, Robert,' she said, ' I am rude — yes, I have been rude — I should not have said what I did.' ' Well, it was not kind, Molly.' ' I know — but I was vexed — oh ! Robert, I cannot tell you how vexed, about you going up to that woman at the Hall to-night !' ' But, dear ? — ' ' Don't have anything to da with her, Robert,' continued Mary, with a passionate ring in her voice. ' [ cannot forget — if you can — our mother 1' ' Nor do I forget her, Mary, said Robert, very gravely; 'but Lady Blunt had nothing to do with our mothers wrongs— our poor mother was dead — you knew this, before Sir Honry married Lady Blunt.' Mary did not speak, she was crying, and Robert laid his hand kindly on her shoulder when lie said this. ' It is all so dreadful,' sobbed Mary. 'Oh, Robert ! oh, Robert ! if you would but go away.' ' Go away ! Why? Where do yon want me to gu away to, Mary 1' ' Anywhere, — I don't care where it is — but out of the sight of Lady Blunt — out of the hearing of — ' ' My dear,' said Robert, as Mary paused, 'I know all this — all the circumstances of our unfortunate position must be very painful to you, but l cannot nelp it. 1 cannot go away Mary. I may as well tell you now, Lady Blunt sent for me to-night to offer me what her husband left her in his will, a com mand, to offer me — ' ' What !' exclaimed Mary, starting and looking up. ' Sir Henry left a . clause in his will re questing Lady Blunt, in the event of Mr. Chester's death, to o9er me the agency of the property.' ' A nice way of providing for you 1' said Mary, with extraordinary bitterness. Robert shrugged his shoulders, but made no . answer. ' And you will take this T said Maay, turning round indignantly, and looking at her brother in the moonlight. 'You — you, who ought to be master — will take a paid servant's place?' Robert still did not speak ; lie was biting his lips, and trying to control his temper. ' Surely you will not do this V continued Mary. ' Go up there ! see this woman every day ! Oh ! Oh ! Robert, you cannot ! you cannot !' ' My dear,' said Robert, ' it is' useless talking thus — I have accepted the position — I shall be glad of the income.' , ' To marry Florence Chester ! Is that it 1' asked Mary passionately. 'If she will have me, yes,' answered Robert ; and with a sort of cry Mary heard the announcement. 'And this is so?' she said ; 'I understand it all now,' and bitter tears began pouring down her cheeks. 'Yes, I understand' answered Mary, with a choking sob. ' I want you to be kind to her, to try to love her for my sake. She will be your sister, I hope, some day, Mary, and she is in bitter trouble just now.'' ' Oh, very well, I will go,' said Mary suddenly. ? 'Will you really, ray dear? It is very kind of you.' 'Oh no, not at all kind— I don't go out of kindness.' 'What do you go for, then, you silly Molly?' ' To please you, of course — to conciliate my future sister.' (To le Continued.) 