MY UNCLE'S GHOST, j BY FRAXCIS FOOTE. I Ono rainy evei.in^ In.' I week I lounged into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the 1 hotel for a talk and smoke. One of my ! uncle's hobbies was to be surrounded at all I times by young men ; and,. indeed, he seemed ! I little more than a boy himself in feelings, . I although lie had passed his fiftieth biithrlay. j I And we were all devoted to ' the major,' as I we called him — I believe that was bis title ! I during the war. j | There svas no one so willing to offer a ! I helping hand when we were in a college i | scrape; nn ono who would, loan money so | ; readily when an allowance fell short 5 there j | was no one with such a fund of experiences : I from which to draw for amusing or thrilling j j tales; and then his wines aud cigars were j j unimpeachable. : On this p.irtic-ilar evening I found him : stretched out before the fire, his eves fixed ; reflectively upon tlie ceiling, as he blew ; huge rings of smoke from his pipe. 'How are you, Tom?' he. said, lazily; 'you've saved me from myself by coming in. It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and an ; evening like this I always mope, and think j of m.v ghost ' I ' Your ghost?' I echoed, j ' Why, yes ; you know I have the pleasure I of owning one. D-- you meau that I have ? never told you the story ?'' I I say ' No,' emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed ! above all others was a good story told by him j self ; aud they were always good. ... j ?' Order whatever };ou wish, Tom,' lie said, j u I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and ! you will find the best cigars on the top shelf.' At last wc were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. 4 It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go right through ns they do now, aud stopped oftcner. It might have been five o'clock in che evening, and we had one more night to ride, when the train beyan to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. 'The sea's were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said 4 Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of n bag with her. ' Vou know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when I sec her, aud a lady. She was both, although lier dress-was plainand black, and hcrgloves had been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most en teitaining of which I offered her, and when she thanked me. her voice was the sweetest I have heard — low soft and musical. ' 15 v Jove 1' said tbe major, excitedly, as he reached for tho brandy, ' I know that woman would sing with her whole soul j she couldn't have helped it with that voice. II Well,' he continued, 41 she took up a book, but she didn't read much ; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked about a berth. 11 1 1 am sorry/ he said ; 1 you should have telegraphed. Wc are very full, and there is nothing but an upper oue left, You would like a whole section ?' 4,4 1 would,' sherepliedj 'although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me ?' 4i{ l'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how/ and that burly conductor did seem sony, out of sympathy, as he saw. the troubled expres sion in the girl's face. tl Then I spoke,— ?' I have a whole section to myself,' I said, 'and I always prefer tho uppir berth ; so if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to yon.' This was a lie, for 1 had never slept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. ' I shall never forget the glance she gave me. 1 had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, aud thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale .'cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called hcrill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticcd was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. II I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothiug by which I could discover who sho was, where .she was going, or why sho was travelling alone. 11 Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping lier foot. She glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book. » * I've got to do it,' 1 heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe *bo knew that she spoke i aloud, so occupied was Bbe with her own thoughts. 41 In a few moments she spoke agalu, still talking to herself, — i( Tliey must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I woul 1 never—' ?? I lost the m:xt two words, but they sounded like 'disgrace him,' She seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly nt me. 1 turned a page of my hook and seitlcd back faither into my corner. Then she opened her little bag and tool: from it a picture. As near as I could make out it wns the likeness of an aristocratic voting man with blue eyes and smiling iip*. 14 She looked f-t it for aboutfUtcon minutes I longingly, passionately, then .she kissed I it fervently under cover of her handker* I chief. ! 41 After that, she covercd it with both i hands, fjave one little sob, and then began to j tear that picture into inch bits. I tM Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel 1' I thought; i and yet it didn't seen like that. It was tuo I serious ; like a parting forever. , ,l In a little while she turned to me. She 1 was paler than ever, and the old scar was brighter. 441 Will you please open tho window?' she asked. 4 1 have something to throw away.' 'I did as sho wished, and she scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. ,MNovv that is over the rest will be comparatively easy,' she said this time to me. 44 ' What will be easy,' I ventured, 41 4 l'ardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,' she replied. 4 1 suppose I mean I life will bo easier while wc live, and death when we die.' 4,4 Life should ahvay3 be easy for one as young as yourself,' I said, gallantly. 4i She turned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slowly,— '?Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been' sweet/ with an emphasis on the ' has been ' 4 too sweet to last; but now — well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.' And she turned away. 41 After that L could only make her speak in monosyllables. 44 At last that whole car full had settled down for tlie night to try and gain the little I rest which might be found. Everything I was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyes and I tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the [ occasional groan of the engine. I 44 There was a little, scraggly, pale Novem I ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked j at it, and made me imagine all sorts of. | creepy things. ^ I thought I heard a stifled j sigh once or twice from the berth below. I | even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant | odor. All my senses were abnormally | active, and as I was an old traveller I was j very much ashamed of myself. 41 When finally I did sleep a little it was to | dream of a frightful accident, in which that | pale, yellow moon and. I- hfvu a'-I.rwd-to.band j fight to^ see which of us should, save the | pretty girl, and during our struggle she had 1 been crushed under the car. ! ' I had important business a few stations I this side of Chicago, but I had made up my I mind that I would have a little talk with the [ young lady before I left the car. In the j morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellowpassen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it had been all night, the girl had not yet appeared ; could she be ill ? I was very near my stopping-place— I could not go without saying ^oud-by. The porter passed through. I called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not ! yet been heard from. She might he sick. I 4* He went to t he berth directly, and made I one startled exclamation. The passengers ! began to crowd around. There she lay, the | lashes resting thick 011 her cheeks, her lips I still that wonderful dash of rcil, but her face 1 was like marble, her hands were ice, and her j heart— ah ! there was no action there. She 1 was dead 1 | ^ 41 By her side was a bottle half-filled with 1 !,.;vlnnum. which showed that she had tnken j her own life. | 41 1 did uot wait for anylh'uvg more, to hear 1 the criticisms aud the questions asT^-who she was, and why she did it. I jti3t took one loii'/, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 wont out to the platform again,. and remained there until I reached my station.' The major smoked violently for a few moments. 41 But where does the ghost come in?' I asked at length. 14 The ghost I' he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, whieh I had never heard there before ; 44 she is the ghost. Jler pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. I can hear her swet, musical voice aj plainly to day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. There is a place in my heartnow for those poorliLtle mended gloves, which wore in themselves a pathctic story. 44 1 am never onduty at night that she does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I. reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was — you will say an illusion, a fancy — I call it her ghost. 44 How tnauy. times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession, of that man's picture, 1 would have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had done. Yes, wrong, for I know that in some way he had driven her to her death. Per haps that is why X have never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is ; and I saw bec but once ; she was not even a name to me ; of herself, her character, I know nothing, aud Ijim called a man of the world. 44 And yet, boy,' he exclaimed, turning to mc, his face gray with passion, 44 1 am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her — spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should be if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to (ling soft arms about my neck, to kiss 111c with tenderest lips. Forgive me,; Tom ; 1 seldom speak of my own feelings and ! emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly undeistand how much reality there can kbs even in a ghost.' ' ' j The major had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good humoredly over his pipe as if romance, women and he had always been, as they always would he, strangers. 