The knowledge of languages, history, art, and science is a most valuable pos session, but it by no means necessarily follows that the method by which this knowledge, or any branch of it, is usually imparted, is the best which could be chosen. Here Mr Justice Williams joins issue with the de fenders of our ordinary school and University curriculum, maintaining, by arguments which cannot be readily set aside, that not only is the due order of precedence as to the value of the sub jects taught often inverted, but that the method of•• teaching is radically imperfect and unsatisfactory. , This is a grave indictment of our modern process of education. In. its lesser bearing it means sadly faultymaehinery for mental training. In its greater bearing it means for scholars and stu dents a lot of wasted energy and of wasted time. Mr Justice Williams, in lecturing on the subject of “ General Views upon Education by an Outsider,” at the Australian Church in Melbourne, a few days since, made a semi-apology for the fact that he is not,' technically speaking, an educa tional expert. But the views of a man of ~ acknowledged experience and culture are- all the better worth listening to when he is free from the hampering and limiting influence of any weH defined and deeply worn technical groove. His Honor conceives the chief object' of education to be the greatest possible amount of happiness to the student. He’ holds that we should select that kind of edu-. cation which is of the yeatost worth to the greatest number, and that, having regard to the short span of edu cational life, we should be content, for the most part, with a general knowledge of those subjects, and not demand or., expect a knowledge of detail. At the' same time lie is careful to explain that, these ■ propositions have only a general application, as those who pro pose to attain high positions in any given line must of course go through all the labor of acquiring details. This, in fact, goes without'saying, and does not affect liis Honor’s main contention tliat our ordinary educational system contains a mischievous amount of ela borate and useless detail, and that, as mereteachingraachinery, it works badly. With regard to his first proposition the lecturer starts with the axiom that happiness, or enjoyment of life, is possible. to only such as have a sound mind in a sound body, aud to this end he would insist upon n general knowledge of the physiological laws which govern the. conditions of health and disease. Said the learned lecturer: —■■■ In how many instances has the absence: of even elementary knowledge of this descrip tion led to enfeebled health, sown the germs of disease, caused premature decay, and lamentable and often irreparable errors in the physical training of children, result ing in the production and rearing of weak, and delicate instead of vigorous aud healthy uuits of the community? This, his first count against our com mon educational system must be con sidered as proven. His next one is that too much time and too much brain work is expended upon de tailed acquaintance with subjects, of : which a general knowledge would be quite sufficient. Reading, writing, arithmetic, and spelling are necessaries common to any skilled avocation. But why should an archi tect, a merchant, a banker, or a' surveyor, for example, go through the drudgery of learning the dead lan guages, or a medical student worry his brains over occult mathematical pro blems 1 It is no doubt true that mental application of any sort has its value considered merely as discipline. Even an elementary acquaintance with mathematics tends to precision and clearness of thought long after all the problems and their solutions have been forgotten. Judge Williams freely admits this, and more than this. He considers the study of modern lan guages not only an elegant but a most valuable practical accomplishment, but he also says:— In our schools and universities, subjects, the knowledge of which may reasonably be expected to prove practically useful, should take precedence, each according to its degree of relative worth; knowledge of the less useful kind, and of what are called accom plishments, being postponed to whatever leisure time there may be available for its acquisition in after life It is a lamentable fact that those who follow pur suits and occupations common amongst us are left to pick up as best they can, after— I repeat, after—their education is finished, that knowledge which is essential to suc cess, instead of receiving during the period of education, that kind of education which would be likely to prove of most worth to them iu the struggle for a successful career. There is no doubt that this also is a true bill. His third count is that even in the methods of imparting knowledge our practice is in most cases obsolete, and imperfect, and often absurdly tortuous and ineffectual. Asa chief instance he gives the modern fashion of cramming boys with information of various sorts, not with the slightest regard to its probable practical value to them, but merely that they shall be able to face the uni versity examiners without getting plucked, and the “ exquisite refine ment” as His Honor calls it, of Eng lish analysis, in which the dissection of a sentence is regarded as a higher merit than the grammatical construc tion of one. Of this exquisite refine ment or exquisite foolery His Honor says;— How cornea it that it was an unknown study to the greatest ornaments of English literature, past and present? Poll the judges aud bishops on the judicial and episcopal benches throughout the British empire, and you will hardly find one to whom this sub ject as taught is not an unknown tongue. I will undertake to say that there is not a judge, bishop, or hank manager in Austral asia who would not he hopelessly plucked in the easiest paper that could be set in English analysis as now taught As parts of the analysis of any ordinary English sentence we have the divisions, com plement, adverbial adjuncts of the predicate, attributive adjuncts of thecomplement, com pletion, extension, and I know not whatelso besides. I suppose I ought to confess with shame that to me much of this is worse than Choctaw or Pawnee. I think I may safely say that to very many of you it is equally unintelligible. Yet our hoys aud girls are day after day, and night after night, strug gling and toiling to decompose sentences in accordance with this new fangled and appa rently much- prized jargon. For what end? This, however,isamodern innovation, but there are many absurdities which obtain a spurious veneration on account of their very antiquity which ought to be remorselessly swept away. The unwritten rule which requires doctors to write their recipes in Latin, and the insane jumble of Latin witli English phraseology in legal deeds and judeial procedure are anachronisms which are nothing less than barbarous. A thoughtful survey of the whole subject will tend to temper our pride in modern educa tional advancement with regret that this advancement is not on truer lines. There was a good general business transacted in the share market last week, with a fair prospect of further improvement. Obviously the stability of the market is largely dependent on the results of the development of the Kingston and Smeaton dis trict and the Ballarat West and East lines; and as the reports from the (various localities referred to, as also from several other districts con nected with Ballarat, are showing steady signs of progress being made, a corresponding increase in share market business may reasonably be expected. Berry Consols on Monday opened with sales at £lO Is, but after a large business at upward rates they closed on Friday with sales at £l2 Is. True, the stock was a little easier the same evening, and also weakened further next day, still there were no sales on Saturday lower than £ll 14s. Berry No. 1, on Monday opened with sales at 60s and ran up to 68s the same day; on Tuesday, they sold as high as 795, closing with buyers at 73s ; on Wednesday, they declined to 625, closing with buyers at 64s ; on Thursday, they opened with sales at 71s and declined to 655; on Friday, they.had a good market from 66s tqp 70s ; and on Saturday, they were taken at 68s, 66s 6d, and 675. Berry Consols Extended had a very large busi ness . in the earlier part of the week, with sales as high as 225, but : subsequently eased a little, closing on Saturday with buyers at 19s, : and sellers at 20s. Madame Berry were in good demand nearly all the jweek. On Monday they were wanted-at £l3 7s 6d, but sellers held out for £l3 15s; on Tuesday sellers held out for £l4 ss, and tlie stock was then marketable. • at £l3 15s. On Wednesday and Thursday the shares eased, but on Friday they were market able at £l3, and on Saturday they were: held for £l3 ss. This stock is so firmly held at present that it very seldom changes' hands. Hepburn Estate also advanced; very materially last week, sales being made on Monday at 47|s 6d and 475, while in the'middle of the week shares sold at 50s 6d, and on Saturday there were sales up to 535, sellers .at the ; close holding out for 545. Earl Beaconsfield were also in improved demand; .they, were only .marketable at 60s on Monday, but on Thursday they had business at 655, and on Satur day they closed with buyers at 63s 6d, sellers holding out for 703. Lord Harry were quiet at the close of the week, and were then marketable at '74s, sellers holding’,out for 78s. Hep burn Npi T improved on Monday’s rates, and were subsequently market able at 8s to 8s 6d,' no sellers coming forward. The Star of the East has had a splendid return, 163 tons of stone from the 1420 feet level yielding 167 oz 19,dwt of gold. This mag nificent yield, at such a deep level, has of course inspired great confidence regarding the whole of the Sebastopol lines. Star of the East changed hands as high as 925.... Matters at the Band and Albion are also look ing well, and the stock is keeping steady, with buyers at 80s,-sellers 81s. There were no particular features in the Chalks’ group last week, and they kept pretty firm without much busi ness. The Sliaws’ group were a Tittle weaker. Duke,, 'Timor, had a few transactions, but generally the market in them was wide. Napier Freehold advanced, closing on Saturday with buyers at 565, and sellers at 60s. Burnt Creek were in strongly improved demand, closing on Saturday with buyers at 51s 6d, and sellers holding out for 555. New Kong Meng had a little business at current rates. In the Ballarat East stocks, the principal business was done in Britannia United, Prince Regent, Sulieman Pasha, and North Woah Hawp. Parker’s United and Kangaroo Extended were both weaker at the close of the week. Smeaton Reserve and Spring Hill and Central Leads were taken at upward rates. In several other stocks occa sional transactions took place, and generally there was a pretty good tone in the market. During the past week the following dividends were declared: —South Clunes United, Is; Band and Albion, 2s. It is, we understand, intended to request the lion. D. Gillies, the Premier, to unveil the statuary at the Botanical Gardens when all is in readiness for that ceremony. The selection is all the more appropriate seeing that Mr Gillies was a personal friend of the late Mr Russell Thumson, who bequeathed the money from which the statuary was pur chased. It will be learned with regret that ill's Newman, mother of the late Mrs YV. C. Smith, expired on Saturday morning, at her residence Lyons street south. The deceased lady, who had attained to the ripe age of 90 years, had been ailing for a long time pre vious. She was a very old resident of Balla rat, having resided on Specimen Hill 32 years ago. Iu accordance with the wish of 'her relatives, the funeral, which takes place to-day, at 12 o’clock, will be of a private nature. At the meeting of the Ballarat A. and P. Society on Saturday, a letter was received asking the society to provide a building in which the travelling dairy might be worked for the convenience of those who might de sire to see it working. It was at first sug gested that the dairy be obtained during the two show days, but it was pointed out that there would not be room in the grounds. Ultimately the letter was referred to a sub committee to make arrangements for the exhibition of the dairy in the yards for a few days. Our report of the proceedings is unavoidably held over, A letter was received by the last mail by Dean Hoy tie, V.G., from the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, who was at the time of writing in Dublin, stating that he had . secured the services of a number of Fathers of the Holy Ghost to take charge of the college which the bishop intends opening in Ballarat at the commencement of the new year. The college is to be established at Koonda, the late residence of Mr YV. H. Gaunt. This is one of the objects which Dr Moore had in view in going to Europe. He spenta week iu the College of the Fathers at Black rock, Dublin, and the general of the order came over expressly horn Paris to make the necessary arrangements with Dr Moore. The president has given as the first superior of the college Fr. Relfia, who is considered by Dr YY'alsli, Archbishop of Dublin, Dr Fortune, President of All Hallows’ College, and others, as one of the most capable men in Ireland, aud as a teacher the former considers he has no superior in the Irish Church. Fr. Relfia is a French man, but speaks English fluently, aud writes it with ease and elegance. Asa proof of his ability Dr YY’alsh, it is stated, endea vored to have him appointed over the Roman Catholic University of Ireland. Fr. Reftia, who will be the first president of the new College will he assisted by four other fathers, two Frenchmen aud two Irishmen, of thi3 order, all of whom have taken their degrees at the Londou University. The Fathers’ College, it is said, has for many years past held a prominent place amongst the educa tional establishments of Ireland, and has obtained the highest prizes at the interme diate university examinations. The five will come out with the bishop in October next. Dr Moore will also bring with him six secular priests for the Diocese of Ballarat. It was announced at St. Patrick’s Cathedral yesterday that he would also be accompanied by a community of nuns, known as the Little Sisters of Nazareth, whose special mission will be to take charge of orphans aud afford succour to the aged and distressed. These ladies are also to have a special convent for the carrying out of their good work. The funeral of the late Mr F. E. Day, publican, of Eureka street, took place yes terday, and was numerously attended. Among those in the cortege were members of the local fire brigades, Oddfellows, and Licensed Victuallers’ Association, Mr Day having been a member of each body. The Soldiers Hill Drum and Fife Baud pre ceded the hearse, playing the “Dead March.” The coffin-bearers wore Messrs G. M’Kenzie and Johnson, of the Ballarat City Brigade, and Messrs R. Perry aud Noonan, of the Ballarat Brigade. Appended are the names of the pall-bearers:—Messrs YV. T. Glenn, E. Foord, YV. H. Hennah, G. T. Lee, J. Ditty, J. Coghlan, Gilbert Duncan, aud YV. Trahar. The Rev. R. T. Cu nun ins officiated at the grave. Mr Charles Morris had charge of the funeral arrangements. A widow named Alice Bollom, 63 years of age, who resided at No. 17 Seymour street. Soldiers Hill, died on Saturday afternoon under circumstances that seem to point to suicide. With the deceased resided her daughter, who is grown up, and a boarder, who is an employed in the Railway Depart ment. It appears that on Friday night these two went out in company, and this seems to have offended Mrs Bollom, who on Saturday afternoon spoke to the boarder about it. Some two hours, afterwards she told the latter that she had taken mice poison, but ; asked him not to send for a doctor, as she thought she would recover. The boarder very properly disregarded her wishes, and. immediately sent for Dr Morrison, who arrived as promptly us possible. All his efforts to avert fatal consequences were, however, unavailing, as the unfortunate woman was seized with strong convulsions and died shortly afterwards. The symptoms appear to point to strychnine poisoning. An inquest will be held to-day. Mr John Courtney, the well-known miller, had his leg broken on Saturday by a fall from a cab.: He was taken .to the Hospital, and admitted. ■ • A little girl named Coghlan, daughter of Mr Coghlan, of Neil street, Soldiers Hill, yesterday wandered away from her home. The parents left the child playing in the yard when they went to church at a quarter to 10, but when they returned they found her -missing. She wns fonud ' some hours afterwards near the Redau, much to the joy of her parents and friends. A narrow escape from a fire took place on Sunday at Sebastopol when some ivy grow ing aronnd a chimney and ou the roof of a house took fire, but fortunately was ex tinguished before the roof was ignited. The fire was observed by-several'members of the City brigade contingent, but their reel was not brought into requisition, conse quently wo alarm was given. The Centeuiiial Mission was continued-at the Lydiard street Wesleyiih Church yester day. The Rev. E. YV. Nye occupied the Shlpit at the morning service, and based his iscourse on the words contained iu the 2nd Chronicles xx.,l2 —“ For we have no might ' against this great company that comctk against us, neither know'.what to do, but our eyes are up unto At, the - evening service the'Rev. Arthur Powell conducted the service, -.and discoursed appropriately from Ist Kings,xviii, 21 (part)—“ How long halt ye between two opinions.” It was an nounced that:?the special services would bo continued during this week, and that the meeting on Wednesday evening would be specially for young people. The midday prayer meetiugs are'also to be held, and the. singing band will also assist before and dur ing the services. JEtegarding.thc. petition from the.residents of .Soldiers Hill, asking that Seymour Crescent be opened to full width, the public works committee of the City Council report that the narrow portion' complained of is caused by the natural declivity overlooking Havelock street south, and that the council fenced it in for public protection. The wqrks committee recommend that the owner be re quested to erect -a retaining wall on his boundary, and on -his compliance therewith' that the council fill up the hollow betweeu the] road and wall. A proclamation is issued in the Government Gazette of Friday declaring that the close season for quail shall extend from Ist August to the last (lay of February in each year. An effective water-color drawing of pecu liar. local interest has recently been com pleted by our esteemed fellow townsman, Mr Ernest D. Stocks, and sent by him for ex hibition ,to the Fine Art Gallery. It is en titled “ Ballarat from the Rifle Butts,” and will prove an acceptable companion picture to Eugene Von Guerard’s oil painting of “ Ballarat in the Early Times.” The view presented is taken from near the rifle butts, at a point off the Buninyong road looking about north-west. Golden Point, the site of the first local gold discoveries in September, 1851, is seen on the left of the middle dis tance, and on the right of the same all that is now left of the once familiar landmark, appropriately designated the Black Hill, .be cause of the dark green foliage which then clothed it, is easily recognised. Between these two extremes is a graphic delineation of the City and Town of Ballarat East. In the first mentioned, the railway sta tion, City Hall, Post Office, Hospital, and other principal features are distinctly visible, and equally conspicuous in the latter are Victoria street and St. Alipius Church. In the far distance are the Bald Hills, Mount Bolton, Weatherboard, and Mount Misery; whilst an old bush road coming down from the ranges to the Buninyong Road, and fringed with grass trees and ti-tree scrub, is very successfully depicted in the well worked up foreground. Leisurely winding their way homewards a group of cows, driven by a boy and his dog, and an old dame sturdily hampering along with her evening bundle of brushwood, serve to give life and animation to an artistic as well as realistic composition. The right hand side of the picture, more especially, is in admirable keeping, the cloudy sky being well and faithfully ren dered, and had the atmospheric effect re ferred to been a little more pronounced in the left far-distance the work would, per haps, have gained from an artistic stand point, though doubtless , at the expense of topographical accentuation. To those who have attentively watched the career of Mr Stocks it has been a pleasure to note a very marked advance in his efforts asa landscapist, and he is to be congratulated on his succesful endeavor to pourtray a locality with which he has for so many years been closely identified. The fortnightly meeting of the City Council takes place this afternoon. The general committee of the Benevolent Asylum meet this evening. The number of out-door recipients of relief from the Benevolent Asylum last week was 611\. There are 244 inmates remaiuingiu the Asylum. Mr Thomson, P.M., attended at the City Police Court on .Saturday morning, aud dealt with one inebriate. Applications from persons desirous of being employed in the Victorian foot police will be received at the Police Depot, Victoria Barracks, St. Kilda road, Melbourne, on Wednesday, the loth August, ISSB, at 10 o’clock a.m. Each applicant must preseifl personally a written application in his own handwriting, when, if considered suitable, he will be examined by the board appointed by the Government for the purpose. Further particulars are to be advertised. The Rev. E. W. Nye, aud Mr W. Eyres, have been appointed trustees of the Savings Bank at Ballarat vice Mr F. M. Claxton, de ceased, and the Rev. W. P. Wells, resigned. The Centennial Mission Services were con tinued in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church on Friday evening, when there was a large number present. The meeting took the form of a consecration and testimony service, and was very impressive. Miss Eyres presided at the organ. The meeting was led by the Rev. E. W. Nye, and was concluded with prayer by the Rev. Mr Ross, of the United Methodist Church. A yokel from the neighborhood of the Mallec reports to the Town police that he has been robbed of £4 in notes and silver. It seems that the man visited Ballarat on Friday “to see what the place was like,”, and duiing his tour of inspection he wan dered along the lower portion of the Main road, Ballarat East, where he made the acquaint ance of women who asked him to “shout.” He complied with the request, and it is alleged that while he was regaling the com pany with substautial refreshments his cash disappeared as if by a feat of legerdemain. The women sympathised with the " green horn,” but this did not bring back the missing money. Enquiries are being made by the police iuto the reported robbery. The Public Service Board, after hearing the appeals of teachers, did ou the 14th day of June, in exercise of the power conferred by Act 773, section 56, amend the classified roll of teachers as follows:—Third class— First sub-class—Males—Charles Watson, John B. Healy, John Blyth, Charles Radford, Thomas Holding, Francis G. Manchester, William H. Powell, John W. Russell, Peter Miller, William Field, Richard Tobin, Ben jamin B. Burston, George Robinson, Wil liam T. Lewis, Charles Reddin, William Ryan, George Mackay, George F. Hutton, Hugh Young, Laurence Whyte. Fourth class—First sub class —By adding Mrs Rosa Russell, Mrs Ellen Kenny. Fifth class— First sub-class—By adding Flora M’Lean, Mrs Margaret Millar, Bridget Colgan. The Ballarat City Council intend to apply for IS feet of space at the Centennial Exhi bition for the display of pictures. Mrs Benjamin, wife of Mr Sam. Benjamin, fish salesman, of Humffray street, Ballarat East, died suddenly on Saturday morning. It appears that the deceased had not been well for some days prior to her death, com- plaining of pains in the head, and at noon on Saturday she took a fit, aud expired before medical aid could be summoned. Much sympathy is felt for Mr Benjamin and his family in their bereavement. Dr Dimmock having certified that death resulted from apoplexy, an enquiry will not be held. The commission of Lieutenant Alexander Fraser, of the Militia, who was appointed on probation, ha3 been confirmed. Master J. A. , Courtney,, who was recom mended by the judges to receive a speoial prise for the manner in wliioh he sustained the character of a crossing-sweeper at the carnivat at the Columbia skating rink, is, it appears, an employe of Mr T. W. Purdue, saddler. The lad on Friday night collected the sum of 8s 9d for the Hospital, and the collector for that institution ean obtain tko money by calling at the office of The Steer. A man was on Saturday night arrested by Constable Gorin ou a charge of insulting be havior. There were five persons in the cells at the city watchhouse last night,: suffering from the effects of over-indulgence in intoxicants, in addition to two others who were arrested on more serious charges. In consequence of the great success attend ing the late production of “ Belphegor” - by the Ballarat Dramatic Sooiety, and at the express wish of a number of influential gentlemen of this city, it will be reproduced for the benefit of the Benevolent- Asylum as soon as the theatre is available, in place of " Richelieu." A committee will bo formed to carry out the arrangements on a much larger'scalc. Miss Von Finklestein will' arrive from Melbourne this afternoon,, aud in the evea ing, at the Academy of Music, she- will de liver her opening lecture, '‘Homes and Haunts of Jesus.” It was in this lecture on herfirst night in Melbourne that the lady achieved such an iustautaneans and unquali fied success. , • ' James Rampling, the young man who was charged at the last General Sessions at Bal larat with larceny, was on Saturday arrested at the instance , of a bondsman. It will be remembered that the jury'were unable to agree upon a verdict when Rampling was tried, and he wus accordingly admitted to bail-to answer - the charge at the next Ses sions, John Nuun,' who went ,bail for Rampling, hearing that the latter was about to abscond, desired to be released from nis responsibility, and a warrant was issued at his instance. Constable Ranking effected the arrest during Saturday. During the past week 315 out- patients and 110 in-patients received treatment at the Hospital. Dr Woinarski is the lion, medical ■ officer,-and Dr--Bradford tho bon. surgical officer for the present week. The Rev. Willoughby Flower delivered his interesting and highly popular lecture,- entitled “ A century's.review; of progress social and scientific,” in the new hall, 'Skipton street, on Friday evening, under the auspices of the South street Debating Society. There was a very fair attendance, consider ing the powerful counter attractions. The .rev. gentleman spoke at length on the great strides science hud made during the last century, and the improved social position of tiie people. The lecturer was listened to with much attention, and was accorded a hearty I vote of thanks, on the motion of Mr Rowsell, and seconded by Mr R. Madderu. . Anotherof the series of monthly temper ance meetings, held under the auspices of the Blue Ribbon Union, will take place this evening, in the Manchester Unity llall, Grenville street. These meetings ha\'e be come very popular, in-consequence of the good programme that is ahvay prepared, and this one will be fully up to the standard, as, 111 addition to the addresses to be given by the Rev. J. B. Johnson and Mr R. Harvey, the popular choir from the Humffray street Bible Christian Church will carry out the musical portion of the programme. A young man named James Walshe was arrested in Ballarat Fast on Saturday night by Constable Tolmie on a charge of insult ing behaviour. Prisoner was subsequently admitted to bail, as were also three prisoners charged with drunkenness. The Ballarat Painters’ Union held their usual monthly meeting at the Trades’ Hall on Friday last; Mr H. Desnoy occupied the chair. Messrs Phillippe, M’Collough, and Bond were elected members of the union. Mr E. Desnoy and Mr J. Darcey were elected to represent the union at tiie Trades and Labor Council, Some routine business was transacted and the meeting closed. We understand that applications for up wards of 46,000 shares in the Federal Stock Exchange Company, Melbourne, were lodged at the Union Bank, Ballarat. The whole share list comprises only 40,000 shares, of which 10,000 had been taken up privately and 10,000 were offered to the public at a small premium. The applications at Ballarat alone, therefore, covered nearly five times the number to be issued. Our Sandmirst correspondent last night wired that the Anglican Bishop of Mel bourne held a confirmation service at Sand hurst yesterday. One of the grandest concerts ever held in Hlabarook (writes our local correspondent) was witnessed on Friday evening last. It was got up in aid of tile Ballarat Hospistal. Mr John Ross, the honorary secretary, de serves much credit for the manner in which lie had all business in connection with the affair carried out. The doors were open at S p.m., and Mr Poynton, chairman, in a neat speech, thanked those present who had come from a distance to lend a helping hand. He also remarked that lie was surprised to see such an audience, the house being crowded. The siugers, who were from all parts of the district, and included Messrs Wylam (who is a host iu himself), Lawless, Prentice, Pitman, Lucas, Aisbett, nml G. Ross; also Misses Clarkson, Ross, and Poynton, who were all strongly applauded and encored. Subsequently the room was cleared and dancing was kept up until 6.30 a.in. to the music supplied by Messrs Ross and Poyn ton, who played in their usual style, and gratis, the funds being in aid of such a de serving institution. The returns are ex pected to reach about £9 10s. The ordinary meeting of the Carnglmin Widows and Orphans’ Fund committee was held on the 4tli inst. at the residence of Mr Storey, Mr M‘Kay in the chair. The balance sheet and auditors’ reports for the year were presented and considered satisfactory; and the secretary wa3 instructed to call a meeting of the subscribers and public to receive re ports aud elect members of committee. The ordinary committee meeting of the Buninyong Miners’ Association was held on Saturday last at the Buninyong hotel. Pre sent—Mr D. M. Davies, president, in the chair; Mr D. Kerr, vice- president; and Messrs W. Treloar, \Y. Hanley, C. Westh, J. Brown, J. Simpson, and T. Coswello, sec retary. Correspondence wa3 received from C. W. Langtree, Secretary of Mines, in reference to land at Durham; from R. B. Squire, manager of the Madam Bent Com pany, in reference to land applied for at the Durham by D. Kerr; and from the secretary A.M.A., forwarding business-sheet for con ference to be held on the 24th inst. Some routine business was also transacted. A miner named Edward Miles, who had been resident at Avoca for 2S years, met with death by drowning at the Golden Stream Company's mine at about 1 o’clock on Friday morning. On the previous even ing, shortly before 5 o’clock, one of the clacks broke, aud caused an interference with pumping operations for three hours, during which the water rose 2 feet. The midnight shift oil going to work went, with the exception of Miles, down the air shaft, owing to the water on the flat. Miles, beiug flat man, went down the main shaft to take up trucks, timber, &c.;, and he after wards went to the balance- shaft to get the truck with men’s billies, &c.; Being absent some time his mate went down, but not seeing Miles, conluded that he had gone back on account of the water. He (the mate) took up the truck, and on coming back agaiu with other trucks, saw the body of the unfortunate man j lying in the well with a whole candle in his I hand. The assumption is that Miles saw the caudle floating on the water whilst going for a truck, and reached over to procure it, and the cage coming down the shaft at the same time caught him on the back and stunned him, and he fell into the well. Dr M'Mahou was sent for and found life had been extinct for some time. Mucli sympathy is expressed for the widow and family in their sad bereavement. Some idea of the seriousness of the Chinese question in the far north (says the Herald ) may be gathered from a private letter just received by a gentleman in Melbourne from a friend engaged in the railway survey near Palmerston. The writer says:—“Just now these wretched Chinese are troubling us a great deal. They seem to he getting bolder every day. Only on Thursday last five of them attacked a European iu hi3 tent up the line, robbing it-im of £33, stabbing him in five places, aud seriously injuring his head. The man is, I am glad to say, likely to recover, but it will have to be with great qare. II was camped only 10 miles off at the time, and shall he camping at the very place next week.; Fortunately, there are three of us camped together always, besides three Cin- j galese, and as the latter mortally detest the .'yellow agony,’we stand a better show, as they don't care to attack more than one EuropCau at a time. We always sleep with a loaded revolver under our pillow, so yon sea things are not quite so comfortable as they might he. Tho worst, I fear, has yet to come, for when 3000 Chinks, at present engaged on this line, are knocked off, tho question is, what are they to do ? I can only say that they will have to have a fight for it.” The. negleat of the grave-digger at the Gordon Cemetery (says the Advertiser): was the aanse of a coffin, containing the body of tha lata Mr Dermody, of Ormond, who was buried oa Saturday last, being exhuined. It was noticed, on the body being lowered into tho grave, that the coffin rested only 15 inches from the surface, whereas the Ceme tery Act provides that no body shall be buried at a less depth than 4 feet. The body was exhumed on Wednesday aud re buried in the next grave. Great credit is due to Mr A. Chapman and Constable Moore for the prompt action they took in the matter. The position of affairs between certain of the State school teachers and the Govern ment authorities was discussed at a, meeting of teachers held on Friday aight under the auspices of the Melbourne District Teachers*' Association at the Temperance Hall. There were about 50 ladies and gentlemen present, and Mr J. Sargent presided.' Resolutions (says the Age) were passed expressing sympathy with tiie assistants who were similarly circumsUaoed to Miss Stavk, and who hud not been classified, though tiie decision of the Supreme Court had declared them ;to be legally entitled to it, and ex pressing regret that, the Government-had seen fit to appeal from the decision of the highest tribunal in the colony with reference to this matter. The secoud resolution re ferred to the action of the Government in appealing to the Privy Council as an to evade the decision of the Supreme Court by legal proorastinatiou. Oue of speakers considered that the accUm of the .-Government in appealing from the Supreme Court's decision was “ cruel, spite ful, and cowardly.” Another resolution ex pressing sympathy with the endeavor of Mr H. W. Mills to obtain recognition of the legal right of teachers to retire on a pension after 15 years’ service wns also passed, and other subjects of intetest were informally .discussed by the meeting. Sympathy was also expressed with the position of noil exempted teachers, and it was announced that a deputation would wait.on.Mr Pearson at 11 o’clock next morning. The Part Time Teachers’ Association also held a meeting on Friday night at the White Hart hotel. The secretary was instructed to. communicate with the Education Department, requesting that part time teachers be recorded for transfer on application at any time to any district, also that iu no case should the maintenance allowance provided for st- part time school fall below that for an allotment of 20 to 30, and that the Board of Advice be empowered to erect stable3 out of the allow ance for repairs. The Bendigo Advertiser of Saturday last says:—“The 12th July, dear to Protestants throughout the British dominion, is to be the occasion of great rejoicing in Sandhurst tlu3 year. By reference to our advertising columns it will be observed that divine ser vice will be held to-morrow evening in the Primitive Methodist Church, Rowan street, and on Wednesday the celebration will be further continued by a soiree and public meeting in the Masonic Hall. The attend ance is expected to be large, as both halls have been engaged for the occasion, ihe public will have an opportunity of hearing fresh speakers, in the persons of the Hon. J. B. Patterson, member for Castlemaiue, and Mr R. T. Vale, member for Ballarat City, and Rev. T. E. Jones, late of New Zealand. Judging from the programme, which is be fore us, a large and enthusiastic gathering may be expected.” Avery satisfactory report regarding the progress of the Working Men’s College was presented to the Trades Hall Council on Friday night by Mr Yewdali, one of its re presentatives on the College council. The active work of the institution commenced in June, ISS7. The number of students on the roll had increased from 043 to 1950, of whom, when a computation was made last May, 164 were females aud 592 juniors (under 18 and apprentices). The number of classes had increased from 23 to 53, and of instruc tors from 13 to 24, whilst the amount ob tained in fees had risen from £162 to £457, and the sum paid in salaries to instructors from £lO5 to £43S. Ihe total receipts, from April, ISS7, to Juue, ISSS, nave been £4747 10s, and the expenditure £4167 Is lOd, leaving a balance of £SSO 8s 2d. The pro gress of the college has been retared by want of space, but the council was lately presented by the Government with a valuable piece of ground alongside the present building, and they are considering the desirability of erecting workshops upon it. A Mr Geo. Smith, of Coalville, England, has for a considerable time past endeavored to ameliorate the condition of the canal boat population, who iu many instances live on board their craft. Many evils have resulted from this practice. Mr Smith is now likely to receive aid from a quarter least expected, viz., the London and North-Western Rail way Company, who have commenced laying rails alongside of the Shropshire Union Canal bank, to try the effect of drawing the boats by locomotives instead of horses. It is proposed to place a small locomotive on the rails and attach it to the canal boat. Some difficulty is likely to be experienced at the bridges and locks, but these are not thought to be insurmountable. The canal banks in agricultural districts are to be strengthered, to prevent damage by the wash consequent on the greater speed attained. On Tuesday and Wednesday, 22ud and 23rd May, the experiment was tried. A small engine was put on the line, the 10 boats were connected by ropes, and were drawn with ease at the rate of seven miles an hour. The experiment was regarded as sati-factory, and it is thought there will under this system be no need for the boatman to have his family on board any more than the locomotive en gine driver. The old adage which says that if there is a lie told or mischief wrought the devil or a woman is sure to be at the bottom of it, (says the Nhili Free Press), was illustrated here not many days since. In one of the churches in Nhili a series of addresses on popular topics is being given by the pastor. In a recent address he advised the young men when cn the look out for a wife to select one who is acquainted with the science of cooking and not entirely given up to fancy’ work and the piauo. He told them that while courtiug they might find it pleasing to listen to the strains of music or look at the last new pattern in crewel work, but after they were married they would discover they had stomachs, the claims of which neither music nor fancy work would satisfy. This plain wholesome advice got greatly “mixed” at a conference of “gos sips,” and one of them waited on the pastor’s wife to ask if her husband said such a shocking thing as that women have no stomachs till after they are married. Moral —Always listen to what is said, and if you must repeat it, say what you hear. 