SUICIDE OF MR. F.C. BRUCE. SHOT THROUGH THE HEART, VERDICT OF TEMPORARY INSANITY. Great surprise was occasioned on Thursday morning when a rumor gained currency that Mr. Frederick Oberlin Bruce, of the well- <*> known [?] of Bruce & Moore, solicitors- of King William-street, had committed suicide by shooting him?elf with a re volver. On enquiry the terrible news was found to be but too true. Mr. Thomas A, Wood, a clerk in the employ of the firm, on coming into the office aa usual at about balf-pa?t S in the morning, discovered Mr, Bruce sitting in bis arm chair before his table. The truth was at once apparent to the startled clerk, for underneath the chair was a pool of blood and the instrument with wliich the un fortunate man had committed the rash deed— a six- chamber revolver. On the table waa a letter addressed to Mrs; Bruce, Wood at once gave information to the police, and two foot constable were quickly on the scene, and kept out curious spectators, who very soon thronged the passage leading to the office. It was in Mr. Brace's private room that he shot himself in the region of the heart, and the body pre sented a ghastly sight. The head reclined on the back of the chair, slightly on one side, and facing the open door. His hands lay quietly on his knees, and but for tbe pallor of hr- face and tlie presence of the blood and the revolver one might have easily imagined that the deceased was but sleeping. The revolver had fallen from his grasp, and behind the body the bullet was ..una on tbe floor. The room was in an untidy state, and a number of books were strewn about it. The coroner (Dr. Whittell), the mayor (Sir £, T. Smith), and the Commissioner of Police were communicated with, and made an investi gation of the room, The various documents were taken cars of, and the room locked up, and placed in charge of the police. Much sympathy ia felt for Mrs. Bruce, The letter addressed to Mrs, Bruce was forwarded to that lady, the Commissioner of Police, after consulting with the Attorney- General, having decided not to open it, It was, however, returned to the Commissioner later in the day and produced at the inquest, the evidence adduced at which is given below. Mr. Bruce waa about 49 yean of age at the time of his death, the Badness of which is aug mented by the fact that he was only married a few months ago. H_ wife, who was Mis. -lay Good, was his junior by about 26 years. He was of a retiring and reserved dis position, although he commanded the liking and respect of all who knew him, Aa a lawyer he was considered very sound, but he seldom appeared in the courts, preferring to occupy himself with the conveyancing- and other o_ioe work of tbe _rm to which be belonged. He never sought any public position, and his habit of sticking close to his desk often induced his friends to try and get him out for a holiday. Almost the only public amusement for which he cared v-33 a good race __eting, and he waa a member of Tattersalls. He came out to South Australia when quite young in company with his'father, who ie still alive in England, and other members of the family. He was articled to the _rm of Stow _ T. P. Bruce (his brother), and was admitted to the bar about 1868, join ing in that year the present Judge Boucaut in the firm of Boucaut & Bruce. Subsequently Mr. M. Stuart, cow Commissioner of Insolvency, lock Mr, Boucaut s place in that firm, and at a later date he was replaced by Mr. R. G. Moore, the firm of Bruce & Moore being solicitor, to the Adelaide Corporation lor several years and cp to a recent date. Mr. Bruce*s esrviving brothers are Mr. Theodore Bruce, auctioneer, now of Broken HOI, and Mi, J. A. Bruce, the asaayer. Only the day before yesterday the unfortunate man ap peared perfectly cheerful and in higher spirits than usual among a circle of friends. It is a angular circcmrtance that the de ceased gentleman, with his wife, attended service on Sunday evening at Stow Church, when the Rev. W. E. Fletcher preached from the passage in'the 14th chapter of Job, "If a man die, shall he live again 7" Although Job sras not clear aa to the an_wer, the preacher pointed out that the quest! >n wa- of impor tance to every individual, becauseldeath, like a precipice, was in the pathway of all living, Had the deceased any thc_?tts of tie imme diate descent of the precipice when he sat listening to the sermon: "Man givetb up the ghost, and where is he". We learn tbat tbe deceased gentleman left h:s house at about the usual hour on Thursday morning, and there waa nothing in his de meanor to lead bis wife to entertain a sus picion that he intended to take hie life; on the contrary be asked ber more then once to meet _i_> at C o'clock, when be would have finished his business for the day. On the previous evening he made a remark, it is said, to Mrs. Bruce, which in tbe light of subsequent events possesses a peculiar significance. "If any thing ever happens to me," he said, and then he advised his wife as to what ehe should do. 