A Seance with a Spiritualist. Messages from the Dead: When I received an invitation to a private seance with Mr. Fred. Evans, the psychic who has just arrived from San Francisco, I expected to have been introduced to a gorgeously furnished house, full of possibilities for secret contrivances, and which I was prepared to regard as being " readied up" for the occasion. Nothing could be farther from the reality. I found out Mr. Evans' address in Warry-street, after a little difficulty, as he had only moved into the place the day before. It was an ordinary house —one of those detestable, hot, ugly, unventilated 18-shillings-a-week abominations that are un fortunately so common to Brisbane, and that seem as if they had been specially built to withstand the rigors of *a polar winter, instead of being designed to stew humanity in the tropics. The room in which the seance was held was almost destitute of furni ture. The walls were bare weatherboard. There were no hangings except the ordinary window-blind. A table and three chairs, a pile of slates, a few pieces of paper on the table and oilcloth were absolutely all that the room contaiued. It was high noon—broad daylight—on Saturday last, perhaps one of the hottest and sunniest days we have yet had this season. There was no exclusion of any light whatever. It was an ordinary apartment visited and occupied for the time being in a very ordinary fashion. Mr. Evans has the appearance of being quite a young man. He is fairly good- looking, with a Grecian sort of profile, dark hair, and a moderate moustache—in fact, you can see dozens of his sort any day in the week, especially among the young bucks of the Hebrew fraternity; those Hebrews, I mean, who do not possess the " beak " feature in physiognomy. He has large full eyes, which have a sort of set and complacent dreamy reverie in them, and, if he will pardon me for being so very personal, though he does not exactly squint, the rays of light from his eyes do not stream out in parallel lines, but, sufficiently produced, would converge at a point. He is slow of speech, and conveyed to me the im pression of embarrassment. In fact, he does not seem what Britishers call " bright" and Yankees term " smart." His only eccentricity to a Bohemian of my stamp was that he wore a wonderfully em broidered fancy jacket, which at once called up associa tions of conjuring and necromancy. Mrs. Evans ia a plump, homely woman,- with auburn hair, jolly manners, and a most decidedly New England accent.: Any one with half an ear could tell that she came "from the States, neow," and, to an imaginative person she might have stepped out of the " Biglow Paperi " as a rew character whom Mr. Lowell forgot to immortalise. You know now all about the house, the room, and the medium. Mrs. Evans did not take part in the " manifestations," but remained in the other apart- ! ment which I need not describe. It remains for me I to confess candidly that I went to Mr. Evans with, hostile intent, meaning, if possible, to prove him a fraud, and to expose any trickery or humbug, if such were present. If I have failed to do so, it it not for want of as critical watchfulness as I could command. Mr. Evans and I were alone in the apartment, he on one side of the table, I on the other, some two feet from it. I had brought with me a hook slate that had been in use in toy office for some years. It had been cleaned by myself and was shoved up under I my waistcoat. I had previously .preferred the ! request to Mr. Evans that, I might bring my own slate, and he had agreed to submit to the test. Why spirits should prefer slates to pen, ink and paper— or even pencil—let spiritualistic teachers explain if I they can. However, I had determined that my slate should at least be genuine, and - not a chemically prepared one with any sort of sympathetic solution. This is what happened. Mr. Evans dropped a couple of grains of slate pencil into my slate which I then shut up. I sat holding this slate in my hands, quite three feet from Mr, Evans. Meanwhile we chatted about anything and everything—the heat, the difficulty of getting decent houses at decent rentals, "Hans the Boatman," &c.;—- in the most commonplace manner possible ; in fact, as if we two were engaged in anything else but trying to " raise ghosts." Presently, Mr. Evans handed me a slip of paper and said—" Write down the names of one or two of your friends in the spirit life, and lay the paper on the slate". My book slate, be it re collected. I wrote down these names— Charles Wesley Caddy Henry Smethhurst Theodore Emile Argles. It is with the first that I have now to do; the others—recalcitrant spirits!—did not respond. Poor Caddy, my readers will see if they look up the Figaro for two or three weeks back, was the other day run over and killed by a tramcar in Gertrude street, Fitzroy; Melbourne. , He was a chum of mine, and I chose him rather than any relative be cause I was really so jokingly sceptical that I did not like to invade the sanctuary of my own feel ings. I tried hard not to let Mr. Evans see the names I wrote down, and I believed I had succeeded. . His back was turned to me and he did not appear to be "foxing," but the reader must recollect this, and pend judgment—There are such things as small mirrors in rings, or 'studs, or elsewhere, and there is the possibility that Mr. Evans read the first name on my list. My book-slate, in the meantime, had been lying on the table, but as it was closed, it was safe. I now took it up again and we chatted, as before. Presently, Mr. Eivans said—" They're trying very hard to do something,. but there is some difficulty. Open the slate." [ I opened it. On the second leaf of the slate was a thickly and heavily traced flourish, which might be taken as the effort of an ill-educated spider to write, "Gray," or might be a rough sketch of the ridge bone of the Himalaya mountains in miniature. Here, I would like to say that the slate had never left my hands. When dropping in the grains of pencil, Mr. Evans may have touched the slate. If he did so the movement was so rapid that it escaped me. My impression at the time was that he did not touch, it, but as i desire to account for .that flourish by natural means, if possible, I give the reader e very chance. The slate being closed again, but, at, Mr. Evan's request, the covers being thrown back, In order to let the " magnetism flow more freely/' the seance proceeded. At this point Mr. Evans certainly did touch the slate, but with such rapidity that it tvas hardly perceptible and he seemed to be merely helping me to lift back the cover. , Presently, he said—" Have you any spirit-friend named Cuddy, or something like that?" * . This gave me a bit of a start and I said—"Caddy." '' Charles something Caddy," continued he, J " the middle name is a hard one." " Wesley," I explained. Suddenly, taking one of his own slates, and sponging it clean seemingly on both sides, Mr. Evans apparently threw it upon the floor in .the centre of the room; then he pitched two or three grains of pencil upon it, and finally he heaved another clean slate on top of it. "They're at it," he said. I regret to say that, in looting at the slates on the floor, I had my eyes off the medium for some few seconds, but to the best of my belief he did not touch my book slate, which was the test on which J relied, and which I held (covers thrown back) in my hands all the time. The slates on the floor were now taken up, and on one of them, were three messages, the whole side being written closely over. :> Here are The Spirit Messages. " God ^bless you for coming to hear from me I am glad to assure you that spiritualism is a mighty truth and feel happy in knowing that we are not Parted for ever but will meet again ■ to Part no more love to all from the spirit of Charles W. Caddy/' This was certainly not .in Caddy's writing, but in a schoolboyish hand, and the sentiments are most decidedly unlike anything that Caddy would have said while in tlnTflesh. The spirit of the poor beggar must have turned a complete somersault, for he didn't care " that much " if we "parted forever," for he was as I may have hinted, more of a " chum " than a close friend. The above message iwas angled off on a part of the slate. Underneath it was another, and away in the lower left-hand corner was a third. "Both these were in small delicate writing, unlike anyone's I know. Sarah. Comes Up. The second message ran as follows :— " I cannot inform my Joy in being able to come back and write these few lines to you.I know you often doubt this phenomena But I will: soon Prove it to you atyourhome ; Sarah Caddy " Fie on you, Sarah! Hadn't you ou£ht to have been introduced to me first before you talk about visiting me at my home? Who you &re; Sarah, I know-not ;■ you may be a'disreputable spirit and, as such, an undesirable visitant. You've evidently mistaken me for s6hiebody felsei arid got hold of the wrong man'. I know you don't belong to Charles, and I must get him to give you fitting reproof for. making me such a free otter of acquaintance. Fie, Sarah; fie!' v Samil Rolls Up* In the lower corner,, written in (roughly) the form of a pyramid, ran this, message:— " You may expect to hear of news in a few days that will benefit you both financially and socially I have met many here who you knew when on earth and they all Join with me in sending love and best wishes to you lpve to all from the spirit of Samil C." Thisiis jferplexmg. '^Samil C." knows me and a lot of my dead-and-burieds, but I don't know him. ■ He promises me; luck and, sends me lpts of love, and I: feali't1 say,J K^S,me to yoii and-many on 'em," because I never .knew ^anypne with so extraordinary a name as '* Samil CI mentioned this little difficulty to Mr. Evans, but he told me that it was all right and that if I raked over my memory, I'd fix <f Samil" somewhere. I've raked it fore and aft and I know that I never knew a" Samil" till I got this note from his " sperit." ? The Book Slate. On the underneath pide fcf the lower slate, there were some extraordinary faint scratches. Some of them werelike those curves with which schoolboys represent, swallows flying in the air; others were simply jerks, as if somebody had been trying to write wt»ose hand trembled from the fantods. Irregular as to position, nohow as to elegance, might barely be deciphered these words— " come again and we do better John Gray." " John Gray" is, I understand, Mr. Evans's familiar spirit^ and is unknown to. me, personally. And, here, I would remark that at 4rst reading I made the name out" Harold Gray," and as that was the familiar name of Theodore Emilie Argles, the third -name I submitted to the spirits, I was pretty considerably " set back.'' And I am sorry to say that Mr. Evans let me depart under that im pression, though I have since 'learned that "John Gray" is the " spirit" who turns up at every seance as his own special familiar, and that he should therefore have checked iny unrestrained astonish* ment" at seeing what I thought to be Argles's u other name." Reflections. I cannot accord bejiief to spiritualistic phenomena. It was all , very clear^ but not—in my case—super natural. The slate on the floor, with Caddy's and the other message^, I disregard altogether. So soon as Mr. Evans got possessed of the name—and I helped him .to it—the rest was possible by leger demain. His own slates were on the other side off the table, below my line of vision. He appeared still and I didn't detect him at any fixings; still it was possible for him to handle a grain of pencil without my knowledge. If the spirits could give him the name " Caddy/' they would find np djfficaitj in communicating to that the middle name was fi "hard &&?*■■' £ by some means, Mr. Evans managedto catchvsigl® of my writing; that ue mead the names 'vCharle® and " Caddy"—the quite at first ventured on ''ddy, or ^omethingV, that"—but that he did get a clear reading of? "Wesley." What object .ud he in asking mejbcf; write down two or three names? Clearly togain; time so as to be able to read the first. You will " observe that it was the first name that answered to the call, and then the spirit was so obliging as to bring up a " Sarah Caddy" and a Samil C/'—of whose acquaintance I never had the honor, and yet/; who speak to me as to a dear old friend. Again, Caddy wasn't "built that way" as to start with a holy greeting; he would more probably "round" ontne and say, " Can't you let a feiloW rest when he is quiet ? Is it as hot where you are ?" The book-slate inscription puzzled me sorely at first. I am not ashamed to say that it greatly dis turbed my mind and reasoning faculties for some hours. But, as I look at it, it is evident from the position of the words, and the erratic markings that the message was written in several pieces—in several tries. Mr. E vans said," They've been trying awfully hard and had a lot of trouble with you/' I believe Mr. Evans must have touched the slate with light ning-like rapidity—l am examining the "message" as I write—at least.five times. That, he first wrote " Come j" that his second attempt produced "again," which is an inch away to the right; that his third effort was mo'e successful and produced " and we do better," which is in a line by itself, slantwise from thp " come again," and is also badly spaced; that,; in His fourth assay, he only got out the word "John;" and that, in his fifth endeavor, he finished up with " Qray." Besides this, there are two or three " swI^^Ssoratches, which seem to indicate that he h^lflied previousjjouches and had failed. It was all marvellous]y-i%na|^^bpj9 my mind, clearly not been demonstrated by< niy I^was^ fiaber gasted a bit at the to, con clusioni; which my .' Sobeir^iii^menf were unsupppSe4,^pt|^j^^^|£^^,,. ■ I have thou^t ;^ % I T^ll t^|i5 one at pre^nl',.ana£-^ • to-'see h#w Mr^JEvans would'pullythrough the*>rdeal. I forgot to mention" that Mr. Evans's hands were not always above the table, and you will remember the elates were alongside of him. A dexterous cop.?-,, juror, after sponging one slate clean, conld, in the mere act of seeding to pitch it on the floor, substi tute another slate for it. If that were so—I don't say it was, but I say it is explainable by that theory —the reader can imagine how easily an imposition1 might be built up on that trick. 9 Final Remark* It must be clearly understood that, although I can not consider the conditions of the above soance as incontestable and as not tjeing explainable by, the most Ordinary means 6f parlor coojuHng; yet/ I db not dare to assert that Mr. Evans actually did do anything that I have suggested, and my mind is still perfectly open and .receptive to any thorough impression. Again, what may satisfy spme people may not satisfy me. Those who search after know ledge must enquire for themselves and rest them- ■ selves entirely on their own experiences, perceptions and judgments. 