Sermon. The following interesting and able dis course was given in St. Paul's Church, Balmain West, by the Rev. George Grimm, M.A. : — CUBIST HIE FlllST FRUITS OF THEM THAT SLEPT, Now is Christ rison from the dead an 3 be come tho first fruits of them that slept.' — 1st. Cor. xv. «h„ 20 verte. The exotic plant of the Apostolic Church could not have found n moro unkindly soil than liceutious Corinth, Devoted toi the basest vices that emerged from heathenism, this populous city had become tlie home of the old world's corruptions. But Paul was charged to prench tho gospel to every creature under heaven, mul that burning zeal which urged him to proclaim his message in imperial Rome would not suffer his voice to be silonfc in wickcd Corinth. Hither he had come on the errand of mercy, and here lie planted a Church with his prayers whilo lie watered it with his teal's. Throughout its planting mid nurture the Church at Corinth held the bad pre- eminence o£ being tho least satisfactory of nil the Apostolic Churches, and it awakened in the bosom o£. Paul the distressing fear lest in this case lie was labouring in vain in the Lord. Unhappily these unstable Christians had lent a too ready ear to false teachers who threw discredit, on some of tho fundamentals of Christianity ; and in the wake of this heresy Uiero followed great corruption of morals — another instaucc, if such were needed, to show tho vital connection that subsists between the belief of tlie mind and tho conduct of tho life. Chief among Corinthian errors stood the denial of the resurrection of the dead in the Scripture meaning of that doctrine. There appears to have beon a rationalizing party who subjected the peculiar doctrines of tho Gospel to tho judgment of human reason, and rejected as incredible all that surpassed its comprehen sion. In this way they made short work with the resurrection of the dead. 'There is a sense in which this doctrine is true,' so they seem to liave argued, ' and there is a sense in which it is false. Taken according to tho letter there surely can be no such thing as the rising again of a dead body. What can be more unreasonable than to expect a new life for the dceuyed tabernaclc after it has rotted in the grave and returned to its kindred ele ments, or been burned on tho funeral pyre and its dust wafted by the winds — no man knows whither; or its flesh devoured by tlie monsters of the deep, and its bones reduced to atoms under the rolling tides of the ocean ? What can be more unnatural than to expect that in some far distant age every lost particle will yet be sought out and rebuilt into a living organism, to be called a glorified body ? Such crude notions fit well into a system of super stition, but should find no place in a scheme of rational Christianity. Read in the light of sanctified reason tlie resurrection loses the corporeal and assumes a spiritual meaning. The real grave of man is tlie state of sin. The soul, dead in trespasses and sins, is quickened by Christ, and rises with Him into new life. This at last is the true doctrino of the resur rection, and it is tho whole of it.' Paul meets these opponents of the resurrec tion upon tlioir own ground. He assumes for a moment the possibility of their position being true, and from this miserable scepticism draws out half a dozen consequences which are in fiat contradiction to all tho instincts of the Christian life. 1\. '? If there be 110 resurrection of the dead, then is Chvist not risen' All the difficulties connected with the resurrection of any ordinary person meet with full force iu the ease of Jesus Christ for He was a true man subject to death itself. He was, moreover, a dead man. He gave up the gliost upon the Cross and breathed out His soul unto C4od. When Pilate's soldiers came to break His legs they found Him dead nlready. And after dying Ho continued under the power of death for a time, having become a tenant of tho gloomy grave, which was sealed and guarded as no sepulchre had bren before. If then thore are such difficul ties attending the resurrection of an ordinary man as to preclude belief in its possibility, equally strong will be the argument against Christ's rising again, Our fondly chcrislicd belief in a living Saviour must, therefore, vanish like a dream ; ana Christendom is loft to mourn for ever over a dead Christ.' 2\. 'If Christ be not risen, then is our preach ing vain, and your faith also vain.' The resurrection of Christ was the outstanding feature of the Apostles' preaching. First of all, was it insisted upon by Paul ! 11 For 1 have delivered unto you first of all . . . that Christ was buried and that He rose again the third day, according to the Scriptures.' Such was tlie tenor of all His preaching — Christ's dying aud rising again — His death being viewed as efficacious just because it embraced His resurrection as its necessary complement. Moreover, if Christ be not risen your faith is also vain. Yoi- cannot be saved by believing a falsehood. Christ constantly appealed to His resurrection as the seal of His divino mission. ' Destroy this temple and in three days 1 will raise it up.' If He is not risen He cannot' be the promised Messiah, and conse quently your faith in Him as the Saviour must be a delusion. 3\. ' We are found falso witnesses of God, because we have testified of God that He raised up Christ, whom Ho raised not up if so be that the dead rise not.' One main design of the Apostolate was to bear witness of the resurrec tion of Christ, and one indispensable qualifica tion for an Apostle was to have seen tho risen Lord. But if thero bo no resurrection this purpose is void, and tho Holy Apostles are brought in guilty of false witness. The sin is not against man, but against God, because they testified of Him that He raised up Christ. ?1. ' If Christ be not raised ye are yet in your sins.' Christ took our sins upon Him for the purpose of taking them away by His dying and rising again. _ Ho died for our offences, but it is to His rising ngain that wo are to look for our justification. In becoming obedient unto death our imputed sin had, for tlie time being, the mastery over Him, Ho went down under the accursed load as He foresaw and foretold He would. In that tempestuous sea of divino wrath all tho waves and billows went over Him. If, like tho storm- beaten barquo, He sank to rise no more, then both He and we are for ever tho captives of sin. 5\. ' If thero bo no resurrection of the dead, then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished.' The Apostle speaks not of those concerning whose future charity forbids us to hope, but of suoh as have given full proof of faith in Christ. It is the case of fathers and mothors, of brothel's and sisters, yot more be loved in tho Lord than thoy were in the bonds of a common kindred. They havo gono to bo with the Lord j they sleep in Jesus ; and their bodies rest in the grave awaiting the resurrec tion of the just, flow bright and calm was tho horizon in which their sun wont down, only expanding all the moro as it withdrew from this world's gazo ! How firm Was their con viction that though worms destroy this body, yet in their flesh they would see God I What a lesson of faith was taught us when, trusting to the rod and staff, thoy ontered the volley of tho shadow of death fearing no ovil 1 And can we find it in oiir hearts to believe it has proved to them a valley of Achor without its door of hope I Are we to embrace a dootrino which tell us that tlioso who wero delivered from a worse than Egyptian bondago and led with safety through a great and terrible wilderness, yot perished miserably in tho swollings of the Jordan 1 6\. Finally, if thero bo no resurreotion of the dead wo beliovors 'arc of all men tho most miserable.' We sacrifice much of what tho world holds dear for tho hopo of heaven. Persecuted on account of our belief, wo oft go mourning becauso of tho oj^reiision of the cneniy. Wo olioose to suifer affliction rathor than to enjoy tho pleasures tf sin, having respect unto tho recomponso of reward. But if our hopes are an idlo dream ; if wo arc sacri ficing upon the altar of delusion ; if wo are building our refugo on the sands of superstition, then wo aro surely of all men the most miser able, If thore be no resurreotion of the dead, and, therefore, .on tho Scripture view, no immortality, why not take for our rulo the heathen maxim — ' Lot us eat and drink for to-morrow' wo die I' Suoh wero tho dismal conclusions that invaded the mind of tho Apostle as he contemplated the possibility of his oppononts being in tho right. The subject was to him a most painful one and lay heavy on his spirit, but ho was not to be crushed. Happily ho hnd tho witness within himself. With his own eyes he had seen the risen Lord, whoso ho was and whom he served. Ho will parley no longer with tho orrorists, but, com mitting himself to the full forco of his convic tions^ oyf ully gives utteranco to the moit preci- ? ous and best established of all truths, — ' Now is Christ risen from the dead nnd bocomc tho first fruits of them that slept.' We pause here for a moment to 'explain the words 'first-fruits' nnd 'slept.' Tho former is a harvest term and occurs frequently in the ancient ritual. By the law of Moses tho Israelites were required to present to the Lord, as a ceremonial offering, the first sheaf of the ripened crop. Until this wns done, tho harvest could not bo commenced. Henco it happened, that tho first fruits came to be symbolical of the whole harvest which was afterwards gathered in. ' Sleep,' again, is one of thoso euphemistic terms by which m;n havo sought to tone down the harshness which is associated with the word death, Theso soft ened expressions aro found in all languages, but it is only in the Gotpel that tho riniity corresponds with the now name, Christ having abolished death and brought immortality to light, those who die in faith arc said to sleep in Jesus while thcii bodies rest in thoir graves until the resurrection. It iB in this sense that tho metaphor is used in tho text. Genorally, the meaning intended to be conveyed is that the risen Saviour boars tho same relation to tlie resurrection of the just as the first ripe sheaf did to the whole harvest which was afterwards to be gathered in. This eomplex fact shall now bo dealt with more in detail. 1\. In the simplest and most general sense of tho term, tho first-fruits signify the first 'in ordcrof time.' The relation which the firstsheaf sustained to the whole harvest is tlie 9ame as Christ bears to tho whole resurrection. 'Every, man in his own ordor. Christ the (irst-lruits afterward, thoy that are Christ's at His coming.' But here it may be objected that in point of fact, Christ was not the first that roso from tho dead : for have we not as instances to the contrary, Lazarus of Bethany, the widow's son at Nain, and tho daughter of Jairus, the ruler of tho Synagogue ? So far tho objection holds good; but there is one important distinction between tho resurrection of these three and the rising of Jesus, and it is this difference which removes the difficulty. Lazarus, tho widow's son, and the daughter of Jairus rose to die again at another time. They were raised to life but not to immortality. But on the resurrection morn Christ rose to die. no moro, and Ho was the first that over did so. It is interesting to notice how tho Scriptures indicate this distinction, yet in such a way as to make it apparent only to the attentive reader. Those whom Christ raised came forth bound hand and foot with their gravo clothcs. They brought with them these trappings of tho dead because thoy wore to need tliem again. But not so did Christ rise from the tomb. When Peter stooped down and looked into the sepulchre, ho saw not his Lord there ; but found tho linen clothcs and the napkin, that was about His head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself. The Saviour left behind Him the cere ments of the gravo because He was to need them no more. He rose again after the power of an endless life and so became the first be gotten from the dead and the first-fruits of them that slept. II. Tho first-fruits were of the ' same nature and quality as the coming harvest.' So there will be a correspondence, or likeness, bctweon Christ and them that are His at His coming. ' It doth not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when He shall appear we shall be like Him for we shall sec Him as He is.' ?' He shall change our vile body that it may be fashioned like unto His glorious body according to the work ing whereby He is able even to subdue all things unto Himself.' This conformity of the resurrection body of the saints to the glorified body of Christ lias doubtless been over-stated by those who have imagined that the bodies of deceased infants and those of men and women who have died in decrepit old age will be raised in the full bloom of man hood ; just as Christ appeared in the resurrec tion body at the period of middle life, being then of tho ago of thirty-three years. Although this opinion can plead the sanction of the name of Augustine the greatest of the Fathers, it is certainly over-refined and savours of a desire to be wise abovo what is written. Lot it suffice us to rest in the clearly revealed truth that the bodies of all believers when raised from the dust of the earth shall, in a way that wis dom sees best, bo made like unto that glorified body which not even a beloved Alary might touch. III. The first-fruits woro regarded as repre senting the whole harvest. The law required the first ripe sheaf to be brought into tho sanctuary ami presented as a thankoffering to tho Lord. The thanks were given not for the single sheaf, but for the whole harvest, tho ingathering of which was reckoned ns assured when the tirst-fruits were presented. This ceremony being over all anxiety regarding the harvest was at an end. Now tho day ap pointed for the presentation of the first sheaf was that which followed tho Passover Sabbath and by a happy coincidence — let us rather say by divine arrangement — that was the very day whon Christ arose from the dead, Oil that same day when . the priest waved the first ripe sheaf before tho Lord, the Saviour of the world burst the fetters of the tomb and appeared as the first-fruits of thorn that slept. Just as the Israelite regarded the consecra tion of the first sheaf its a pledge of the in gathering of the wholo harvest; so the Apostle saw iii a risen Christ the earnest of a glorious resurrection of them that believe on His name. And such, too, is the Lord's own as surance ; for it is on His own rising that He grounds Ithe certainty of the final resurrec tion — ' because I live yc shall live also.' This whole subject emphasises an important doctrine which we are very apt to over look, — the redemption of the body, Wc often think of Christ as the Saviour of souls, but Ho is not so at the expense of the body. It too has been debased by sin and. thank God, is also included in the scheme of redemption. By grace it is made even now the temple of the Holy Ghost, and in glory it is to be fashioned like Christ's resurrection body. Such privi leges and such prospects should havo a dircct influenco in leading to a holy life. Everyone that has this hopo in Him should purify himself oven ns He is pure, and should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification aud honour, 