LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. i TiuinsDAT, DEC. 20. The SPEAKER. took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. SUNDAY TRAFFIC AT LONGWOOD. In reply to Mr. GRAY ES, Mr. GILLIES said that railway wood trucks'wereouli sent to the Longwood station and loaded on Sundays on occasions of great pressure of traffic. It was not the practice, nor was it contemplated by the department, to carry on such work on Sundays. EXCURSION TRAINS FOR JANUARY. In reply to Mr. IlArf, Mr. GILLIES said that the Railway Commissioners would arrange that excursion trains should be run from the Goulburn Valley and Yarrawonga districts to Melbourne during January, to enable the farmers of the locality to visit the Centennial Exhibition THE POLLUTION OF THE YAN YEAN. Mr. J. HARRIS asked the Commissioner of Public Works if he had received from the Sanitary Commission a resolution passed by its members drawing attention to the fact i that drainage from farms and dwelling houses Homed towards the Yun Yean reservoir, and urging that all areas of land from which drainage passed in the direction of the reservoir should be resumed by the Government. No time should be lost in giving effect to the recommendation. Land was advertised to be sold on the margin of the Yan Yean reserve, and he was told that the drainage from it must pass into the reservoir. Mr NIMMO said that he had not received the resolution to which the hon. member referred, but precautions had been taken to prevent the pollution of the Yan Yean, and to stop the surface drainage from adjoining lands flowing into it. THE CASE OF' MR TAYLOR, P.M. Mr. O GAUNSON asked the Attorney-General to consider the case of Mr Taylor, P.M. That officer some time during the present year had obtained extended sick leave. He had been so ill that at one time it was thought that he would not recover. It was stated that he was to be superannuated Mr Taylor was now quite recovered, and was fit to perform his duties. There were three other magistrates in the Government employ who, like Mr. Taylor, were Bexagenurians, and if their services were to be retained, it was not quite fair that those of Mr. Taylor should be dispensed with. Mr. WRIXON said that he would bring Mr Taylor a claims under the notice of the Minister of Justice. STATE SCHOOL TEACHERS BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Council, announcing that an error had been made in transcribing the amendments of the Council in the second schedule of the- state School Teachers Bill by the omission of mention of the insertion in lines 23 and 20 of the words "or as second female assistants in first-class schools," and asking the concurrence of the Assembly in the amendment. Mr. PEARSON moved that the amendment be disagreed with. The amendment provided that second female assistants in first CLUBS schools should be placed in the fourth class, instead of remaining in the fifth class The reason why the Government objected to the amendment was because, if it was agreed to, a dangerous precedent would be act that the Council had the right to increase the burdens of the people. Mr. LAURENS wished to understand clearly that the Ministry were not opposing the amendment on its merits, but on constitutional grounds Mr. PEARSON.- near, hear Mr. ANDREWS said that the amendment registered the opinion of a great number of hon. members in the Assembly, as well as of the majority in the Legislative Council, that the female teachers received scant consideration from the Government compared with that accorded to the male teachers. It there was a constitutional objection to accepting that amendment, it would have to be opposed, but on its merits the amendment ought to become law, 'The Government had given i'CO.OOO to the male teachers, and yet had refused the smallest concession to the female teachers, although ladies did the greater portion of the work in our state schools. The amendment had been submitted in the House by his colleague (Mr Munro), and it the Government had not told hon. members that they would sooner drop the bill than that it should be carried a majority of the House would have adopted it Mr LANGRIDGE asked whether the diffi- cully would not be overcome by striking out the word female." Mr. GILLIES.-That will aggravate the club. Mr. LANGRIDGE made the proposal because there were some 30 male teachers who desired to be put in the same position as the female assistants should the amendment be carried. Mr. PEARSON said that if the suggestion of the hon. member was agreed to the constitutional position would be made much worse. He, however, would be cordially in favour of such an alteration if it were desirable that the amendment should be carried. It would however be better to disagree with the amendment, and in a few months' time the case of the teachers could again be discussed by the HOUSE. Mr. DUFFY coincided with the constitutional argument that had been put forward by the Minister of Public Instruction, but it the Government really wished to relieve the teachers it could introduce the necessary amendment by Governor's message. Mr. GILLIES.-That would be a rather dangerous practice. Mr. DUFFY agreed with the Premier. He had always protested against Governor's messages, but the Government had made use of them in such a manner that it could very well go a little further, and meet in that way the grievance of the teachers. Mr. MUNRO said that as practically a majority of both Houses had assented to the principle laid down in the amendment, the Government ought, although objecting to it on constitutional grounds, to see that effect was given to the wishes of Parliament. Mr. GAUNSON said that there was not, as had been assumed by hon, members, any legitimate cause for quarrel with the other House over this amendment. The Legislative Council had not interfered with the privy leges of the Assembly, or Bought to impose fresh taxation upon the people The House must not permit itself to be handed over in constitutional matters by the Premier and the Minister of Public Instruction What was more contemptible than the conduct of the Government towards the female assistants The men could get everything, and the women nothing Mr DUFFY -Men have votes Mr G AUN SON" was surprised to see that the hon member for Dalhousie line so easily fallen into error regarding the constitutional objection raised by the Minister of Public Instruction, in these constitutional matters it was well to refer to the book Hon. members, as a rule, never read the Constitution Act, or it they said they wanted two lawyers on each side of them to explain its provisions before they could understand it The hon. member for Ballarat East (Mr Russell) had said that there was no person for whom he had so great a contempt as a low bred lawyer, if there was such an individual Mr RUSSELL-Oh, bury the hatchet (Cheers and laughter.) Mr GAUNSON Let hon members consider in what way the amendmentsmfiinged upon or infringed the rights of the House Perhaps the proper thing to do, under the circumstances, would be to express concern at the amendment of the Council, but to pass it on the understanding that it was not to be looked upon as a precedent the objection, however, which the Minister of Education had taken, with the object of injuring female teachers, was both miserable and contemptible he had newly s had a respect for the Minister until to night, but that respect had now been forfeited (Laughter) Every- one was aware that he had the greatest res- pect for the Premier, consistent with all he knew about him, blithe should respect him a great deal more n Then he saw him out of the House. Mr M'LELLAN said the question was one which had been settled over and over again, after many) struggles The amendment of the Legislative Council would result in an increased taxation to the extent of between 3000 and is 600 per annum The House had always resisted any attempt of the Legislative Council to deal with monetary matters It was a pity that the hon. member for South Melbourne (Mr Gaunson) who professed to be a lawyer, should have uttered the driver he had made use of It was ridiculous to think of the hon. member, who ought to be going to school with a twopenny school book in his hand, endeavouring to instruct sensible men in constitutional law (Laughter ) Mr. JONES remarked, with reference to the constitutional aspect of the question, that most of the older hon. members would bear in mind that, in the day set crises, and of struggles between the Legislative Assembly and the Legislative Council the hon member for Ararat was never on the side of the people The hon member was always at that time ready to support the Legislative Council in its pretensions that it could deal with the tariff and monetary bills. Mt M'LELLIN-Never. Mr. JOHN S "Now, however, when a ghost of a constitutional question was raised with the object of preventing women obtaining what the good sense of the Legislative Council had declared they ought to possess, the hon. member declared that the question was of great constitutional importance, to the extent of between £1,000 and £4,000 a year The Legislative Council had not gone beyond its rights in declaring that there should be an amendment of the law. It there were any doubt on the subject, however, it would be better if a conference between the two Chambers were held, in order that it might be seen whether any constitutional difficulty might be overcome Personally, he would rather disagree with the amendment than that the bill should be lost, inasmuch as it was a very great improvement on the existing law Sir Bia AN O LOGHLEV said it was apparent that if the House did not disagree with the amendment the bill would be jeopardised He voted for the amendment when it was before the House an 1 it was to be regretted that it was not carried Certain hon. members however simply followed the lead of the Government and this had been going on dunn), tho whole of the session Hese hon. members ought tole said he 1 with any injustice which had been perjure trailed in connections with the remuneration of female teachers Mr GILLI! S Bald hon. members would recognise that the House had a right to insist i! it thought fit on an increase in the salary of any officer in the public service The bill under discussion however was introduce 1 with a totally different object from that of dealing with an increase of the amounts paid to lady) teachers the Government believed that the claims of the lady teachers, as put before it, ought not to be dealt with alone there were others who had an equally good claim and that claim ought to be dealt with Dr ROSE Is the claim just' Mr Gil I H S believed the claim was perfectly just In times i ist there had been disputes as to the money powers of the Legislative Assembly and the legislative Council one for one, had never 1 united for the Legislative Council any right to deal with money bills or to make what might be termed monetary amendments in bills I he I emulative Council so far as be knew had never claimed any such power It was true that 1 Professor Hearn had asserted that an amendment might be made by the Legislative Council in a bill the consequence of which might be an increase of expenditure This question was raised in connection with the proposed insertion of a new line of railway in a railway bill at the time Sir Charles Gavan Duffy was at the head of the Government but it had not yet been determined hon. members could not pretend to say that the amendment made by the Council in the bill under discussion would not increase the salaries of certain persons in the public service Nor could hon. members acknowledge without further consideration that the Legis lative Council had the right to increase the salary of any public officer Mr MUNRO-We don't say the Legisla- tive Council hue that power Mr GILLIE S -lion members had contended that the Legislative Assembly had the right to do it If it were considered desirable to make any proposal for the increase of the lady teachers salaries at all he would prefer under the circumstances that it should be done by another I argument which might if it thought proper pay them arrears of pay (Hear hear ) Mr HAR] R said it had been erroneously inferred that he was opposed to female teachers receiving every consideration but that was not the case. The teachers who had had their claims advocated in the House were however amongst the best paid and if they approached Parliament again it would be much more generous of them if they did not ignore the whole bulk of female teachers employed in the country districts Dr ROSE said the 1 runner in his speech had practice ally admitted the justice of the female teachers claims and he had been in formed that the Minister of Education has admitted the same thing in female teachers were certainly not receive" the lad ailment of the promise which was made them when the education kill was before the House. Mr. LI y II N said it was very clear the question could not be debated at that stage upon its merits as should not do to allow another place to increase the taxation in any shape or form in giving his vote against the amendment it was not on the merits of the case but to support the Government in the proper course it was taking the House divided upon the question that the amendment of the Legislative Council be agreed with, with the following re- ault - Majority against the amendments 11 The following is the division hot - AYfcs Mr Andrews air Jones Mr Peirce \- bent - Lam. Ion Dr Hose -. Gaunson - Murpl y Í.OÍS Mr W An lemon Mr Gillies sir is OLotrulon (Creswick) - dor Ion Mr Outtrim Mr Anderson AY - Graham - Batterham (Millera) -Orates - 1 came i air Dalles - Hall - Hall \- Baker - Harris A - Russell \- Bourchier - Harris J - Shackell \- Brown 2 - Highett - Smith C \- Can grow - Ki) s - 1 poker \- Cope In - Lanirldgo - Uren \- DeaKI i I Laurel s - Vale \- Detail -Levien - Waller \- Dow - bladder i - Whoclcr \- I) iff v - M Coll - Vi soda \- till - M Lea i - darkest \- lerg ison - M Allan - Wrixon \- Forrest -Munro -dollie; A \- Gardl 1er - Nimmo - tax The following members paired -Ayes, Mr Shiels Noes, Mr Officer the bill was ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council with on intimation that the House had agreed with some of the amend mema und disagreed with others SAWMILLS ON THE BLACK SPUR, Mr MURPHY drew attention to the care of Messrs. Crowley and Fitzpatrick who had applied for a sawmill site upwards of 12 months ago in the Victoria Forest where there was an area of about CO 500 acres reserved for sawmill purposes, and had been unable to obtain one No injury whatever could accrue to the Watt River water supply, but that was the reason given as an excuse for refusing the UceiiBO There was a small tributary which crossed the road at one point but injury to that could be avoided by cree ling a bridge He hoped the Mluiuterwoulil grant the request Mr DOW that the only objection to grant- ing the license was that the Water Supply department had been advised by its engineer that sawmilling operations would lead to settlement of a character that would pollute the source of the water supply, and, of course, the objection of the Water Supply department must be considered in such an important matter. Mr Perrin, conservator of forests, was in consultation with the officers of the Water Supply department to see it an arrangement could be made whereby the license could be granted Mr. MUNRO -I hope it won't It would be n am to destroy the forest on the Black Spur. Mr. DOW-The public interests will be fully considered THE ELECTORAL ACT 1869 AMENDMENT BILL The amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Electoral Act 1865 Amend- ment Bill were taken into consideration. Mr DEAKIN said he would ask the House to disagree with the amendment of the Legislative Council with regard to plural voting, but there were some other amendments which did not affect the principle of the bill which might be agreed to. The amendments in clauses from to 12 inclusive were agreed to, Mr DEAKIN said that clauses 7 to 51, which had been struck out by the Council, contained the provisions for the abolition of plural voting The Government would vote against the acceptance of the amendments in those clauses The amendment to omit clauses 47 to 53 inclusive was disagreed with. The remaining amendments were agreed to" The bill was ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council with a message that the House had agreed to certain amendments, and disagreed with others. INEBRIATES ASYLUMS BILL A message was received from the Legislative Council transmitting a bill to provide for the establishment of asylums for inebriates, in which the concurrence of the Legislative Assembly was desired. The first reading of the bill was agreed to Mr DEAKIN, in moving the second road inst of the bill, said that its clauses originally formed part of the Lunacy Bill, and as such received very general approval It was however thought unfair that inebriates should be classed with lunatics, and the portion of the bill referring i to inebriates was withdrawn with the view of being brought forward as separate measure There was already an inebriate asylum of a semi public character at Northcote will have completed a large amount of good work, but it was controlled by one man only, and the fee of three guineas a week was beyond the means of the poorer classes It was proposed to erect an asylum under the bill, probably at Springvale, Oakleigh, immediately he trusted that the House, recognising that the measure was one which had been recommended by the Lunacy Commission, and which had been already under consideration, would pass it Mr ZOX hoped that the House would pass the bill, although he did not agree with all its provisions he recognised that there was no time to discuss details, and the principle involved was of such importance that it should be at once put into operation Hon members would be astonished if they knew the number of persons who desired to go into institutions of this class, one half of them being afflicted with dipsomaniac, which was an absolute disease, those afflicted being no more responsible for their actions than lunatics The evidence given by the best medical authorities before the Lunacy Commission was that if steps were taken to place inebriates under some restraint there would be a great difference in the number of inmates of lunatic asylums. There were many alterations which might be made in the bill, but being brought forward at the close of the session, it ought to be accepted without minute criticism Mr DE\KIN-It is a great advance Mr ZOX -It was a step in the right three lion, and after an experiment the House would be in a better position to make any alteration of the law. The motion was agreed to. The bill was committed Mr SHIELS considered that as the bill affected very seriously the liberty of the subject each clause should be read and fairly considered Mr DEAKIN would be glad to have the clause affecting the liberty of the subject read. Mr. SHIELS had not been able to read the bill through and compare it with the statute previously passed He would therefore like every clause to be read. Mr. DEAKIN pointed out that the bill was simply an extension, according to the recommendations of the Lunacy Commission, of the measure which was already on the statute book. Mr. LANGRIDGE asked whether any provision was made for the supervision of the institutions and mr visiting them. Mr. DEAKIN-These are to be Government institutions, and they will be put under official supervision. Clauses 1, "short title," and 2, "Repeal of Act No 578," were agreed to On clause .!, " Interpretation," Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that he did not like the way in which "inebriate" was defined, The clause provided that the word should mean any person regarding whom an application for detention or treatment had been made. Mr. SHIELS thought the definition might be very materially amended for the better. It was a harsh thing that directly a charge was made against a man he should be called an inebriate Wrongful charges might be made, and nothing should be allowed which would offend a man's instincts. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN drew attention to the way in which an inebriate was to be sent to an asylum Mr. 'ZOX pointed out that the fourth schedule of the act gave the form of declara- tion to be made by a medical practitioner as to his examination of an inebriate. Some caution should be exercised before the in- carceration of a man, but the act seemed to be satistactory enough in this respect. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that under the bill a person who called himself a friend, even though he was unfriendly, might procure a summons from a police magistrate and have a person brought before the Court as an inebriate. The clause was agreed to. Clause 4, " Governor in Council may pro- claim an asylum for inebriates," was agreed to. On clause 5, Appointment of superintendent and officers," in reply to Mr saints, Mr. DEAKIN said that the Government was able to appoint officers and inspectors, and could make regulations for inspection. It was the intention of the Government to have the institutions most carefully inspected. The clause was agreed to. On clause G " The Governor in Council may from time to time make, alter, and repeal regulations which shall be pub ished In the Government Gazette, for the management and regulation of asylums for inebriates and for the care and treatment of and for the discipline and conduct to be observed by patients and residents therein, and for the fees payable by patients and residents therein , such regulations shall, If the Governor think fit, provide for the separation of the said ask him into two divisions with a different scale of accommodation and of fees to be paid by patients and residents in each elie vision, and such regulations may provide generally for the better carrying. out the increases of this act, as it affects the said as hints for inebriates, and the officers, patient-, and residents therein ' Mr SHIELS moved the insertion of the words supervision and inspection" after the word management. The amendment was agreed to Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN moved that after the words treatment of the words "releases" should be inserted. Agreed to Dr ROSE said that it would be well if a maximum fee was fixed for separate wards Mr. BAKER asked if poor people who were unable to pay for an inmate could be sent in at the expense of the Government. Mr. DEAKIN said that they could. The clause as amended was agreed to. On clause 7, " Inebriates may apply for admission," Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that the power to issue summonses should be confined to the Master in Lunacy and judges of the County Court Under that section, which extended the power to magistrates, a person wishing to annoy another could drag him before a magistrate. Summonses were issued by magistrates as a mere matter of form, and the harm was done by the actual summoning. The word "friend" ought to be struck out Mr. DUFFY moved that the words " husband or wife" should be included in the clause The use of the term friend would suggest that the Legislature had purposely omitted " husband or wife " Mr. DEAKIN said he had no objection to the insertion of "husband or wife." Mr. SHIELS said that a husband or a wife would not take upon themselves the onus of such action, "The danger pointed out by the hon. member for Belfast should be guarded against By the second schedule, a person making application for a summons under the act could do so without responsibility. The word " friend " should remain in, but " police magistrate should be struck out. Mr. SHACKELL -That would shut out the country districts altogether. Mr. SHIELS.-If a friend took out a sum- mons, he should do so with lorne responsibility. Mr. DEAKIN said that if a person maliciously brought another before the Court under the bill he would be liable to heavy damages under common law. As to the omission of the word police magistrate," always question of how far the bill was to be availed of If the words police magistrate 'were struck out, the country districts would derive no art vantage from it at all For his part, he considered that a police magistrate required just as much information before issuing a sum mons as a County Court judge The amendment was agreed to, and the clause as amended was agreed to. On clause 9, Inebriates may be committed " Dr. ROSE said that, unless the words " by statutory declaration were omitted from the clause, medical men would refuse to certify that a person was an inebriate There would always be the risk of prosecution after the inebriate had recovered Mr DEAKIN said that the words to which the hon member objected were in the exist- ing law, and ought not to he removed from the statute book. Mr C YOUNG said that the public must be protected Unless mallee were proved, the medical men would never be lined the clause was agreed to. On clause 10, Duration or effect of orders," Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that the Minister who was responsible for the good management of the asylum ought to have the power to rescind an order of committal Mr SHIELS said that there would be great danger if political influence were exercised in the direction suggested by the lion mern her The power to rescind should be vested in County Court judges or police magistrates, as well as in judges of the Supreme Court He would move to insert after Supreme Court the words master in lunacy), any judge of the County Court, or any police magistrate " If judges of the County Court and police magistrates were to have the power to commit they ought also to be in the position to rescind the order for committal. Sir BRYAN O LOGnLEN said that on a recent occasion it had taken him a week to obtain an order from a judge of the Supreme Court for the release of an inebriate from confinement. Mr DEAKIN would accept the amendment. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause as amended was agreed to Clauses 12 to 15 inclusive were agreed to. On clause 10, Penalties for improper treatment of persons, or supplying intoxi catingdruiks," Mr C YOUNG said that if the words "except in case of urgent necessity' were retained still intB might be improperly administered to patients It would be better to omit the words Sir BRIAN O'LOGHLEN" said that care of necessity might arise during the absence of the superintendent of the asylum, when stimulants ought to be administered to a patient Mr. DEAKIN'S then make it superintendent or officer in charge That will Cover everything Sir Blti AN O LOGnLEN -The words ought to be kept in the hall If there was an urgent necessity for giving stimulants, the persons administering them ought not to be guilty of an offence Mr DEMON stated that all liquors would be under the charge of a superintendent It that gentleman were absent, the person in charge of an inebriate would, it liquor were required, and if the suggestion of the hon. member for Belfast were carried out have to obtain it from outside This would be an infinite!) longer process than obtaining it from the officer in charge of the establishment Mr C YOUNG said that if the smallest loophole were left open, the whole influence of inebriate asylums would be destroyed it the attendants were amenable to monetary persuasion, the object for which an inebriate was placed in an asylum might be totally destroyed Mr BAKER was opposed to intoxicating liquors being taken into inebriate asylums, whether by the order of medical men or not. Mr SHIELS objected to the exclusion of sedative narcotics, as provided by the clause, from inebriate asylums in certain cases '1 his inmates of these as, mine ought not to be treated as prisoners Mr DE ARIN I he Superintendent would have power to allow an inmate to smoke tobacco if he thought fit Mr SHE IS -It was possible that the Superintendent might be in and tobacconist It was not desirable that he should have the power to air his "lads ' Mr. PEIRCE said the absolute exclusion of tobacco from inebriate asylums might be the means of preventing persons entering them. The clause was agreed to. On clause 17, " If any inebriate white detained in any asylum for Inebriates wilfully neglects or wilfully refuses to con- form to the regulations for the time belair In force therein or to any rule made in pursuance of such regulations, or is guilty of any violent, unruly, or destructive conduct, or escapes or attempts to escape therefrom, he shall, on conviction before justices, by liable to penalty not ex "eediner five pounds, or at the discretion of the cone steamer Justices to be detained for a period not exceeding; one month In the asylum after the expiration of the original term of his. detention, for the same purposes and on the same conditions as those on which he was originally de tallied, and shall also be liable, to make good or pay for any damages which he may have caused to the property or furniture and in reckoning the period of his detention, whether original or under this sec- lion, the time, If any, during; which such person has been absent with leave of the superintendent from the asylum for inebriates, shall be excluded from coupe tallon " Dr. ROSE considered that the first portion of the clause was too rigid Many inmates of inebriate asylums were virtually urBane, and were not responsible for their actions. Mr. Í.OX thought the word "wilfully" covered all objections which might be made in reference to the portion of the clause referred to Mr GAUNSON said he would like to be introduced to the "blooming" idiot who had drafted the clause 'The idea that an in t mate attempting to escape should be liable to another month's detention was preposterous. He moved that progress be reported. The motion was negatived Mr DEAKIN said there was some weight in the objections which had been urged, and in order to provide all necessary safeguards he was prepared to amend the clause, so that no conviction should take place unless the medical superintendent certified that the offender was responsible for his actions Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN moved that the clause be amended by striking out the words which made it an offence to refuse to con- form to any rule made in pursuance of the regulations, and also by striking out the words giving power to a magistrate to order a further detention of one month as a punishment Mr DEAKIN said he would accept the first portion of the amendment, and as regarded the second part would consent to the reduction of the term of detention to a fortnight Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN agreed to this, and his amendment was then agreed to The clause as amended was agreed to The amendments were reported to the House and agreed to, and the bill was read a third time Mr SHIELS suggested that the second schedule, which provides: that a brother, relation, or friend may make application for a summons to show cause against a person, upon a statement that the person indicated in addicted to the habitual use of intoxicating drink should be made more guarded A statutory declaration should be made as in the form of the 4th schedule, where a medical man certifies that a person is suffering from the use of intoxicants in excess 'There was more danger of the abuse of the powers of the act by relatives or friends than by medical men Mr DEAKIN said the form was the same as in the existing act, and had not been abused Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN moved that the words do solemnly and sincerely declare" be added to the statement in the schedule Mr SHIELS seconded the proposal. Agreed to A consequential amendment was made at the end of the schedule. Mr GAUNSON moved an amendment of the third schedule, so that police magistrates could dispose of cases at their chambers in the same way as the master in Yanac) and County Court judges Agreed to The bill was passed and ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council, with a message that the House had agreed to certain amendments in which the con- currence of the Council was desired BANKS AND CURRENCY BILL A message was received from the Legislative Council transmitting the Banks and Currency Act Amendment Bill with certain amendments, in which the concurrence of the House was desired Mr. BROWN complained of a breach of faith on the part of the Premier in regard to this bill. After the promise had been given that it would not be dealt with on Tuesday night, It had been pushed through in a turn House in a disgraceful summer, Mr GILLIES said that the statement made by the hon. member was altogether without foundation (Hear, hear ) What he had said was that the Government proposed to take the orders of the day to a certain point, and to strike the remainder from the notice paper. He was specially asked by a member of the Opposition and other members whether he proposed to go on with the bill, and he said that if he had the support of the House he would do so. The House generally agreed, and it was passed without amendment. He thought he was perfectly justified in What he had done. Mr. MUNRO said that after the Premier had made the statement as to what bills would be taken in the House, he told him (Mr. Munro) privately that the bills beyond A certain number on the notice-paper would not be taken. On the faith of that State " ment he had gone home. Mr. OILLIES.--But that bill was above the number. Mr. MUNRO., it was not. The number was 10. The action of the Premier was not such as could be commended. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that he had also left the House under the impression that the bill would not be dealt with. Mr. GAUNSON could not see his way to join in the condemnation of the Premier. If members would not attend to their duties they had no right of complaint. They should not walk off at 11 o'clock at night. Mr. MUNRO.-It was passed at 2 o'clock in the morning. Mr. GAUNSON was referring particularly to the hon. member for Geelong, when he Bau! H li at it was not right for certain members to walk off to their comfortable rots and leave others to do business up to 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning. He was in the habit of pitching into the Premier when he deserved it, but when he did not deserve it, he (Mr. Gaunson) spread a shield over him, (Laughter.) If a distinct promise had been obtained that this particular bill would not be dealt with, the matter would be altogether different. he could not help protecting the Premier from the brutal assaults that were made on him. (Laughter.) Mr. MUNRO pointed out that clause G, which had been amended, provided that banks might advance money on land, although another enactment prevented land banks from receiving deposits. When a bank advanced money on land it got a mortgage, which was a condition of purchase. It was unfair that financial institutions should not receive uniform treatment. Mr. GILLIES explained that the alteration which had been made in the cause by the Legislative Council was simply to extend its operation to English chartered banks. As the clause originally stood, it only empowered banking companies incorporated by an act of the Legislature of Victoria to lend money on security on land. The amendments were agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council. STAMPS AND LICENSES BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Council transmitting the Stamps and Licenses Bill, with amendments, with which the concurrence of the House was desired. Mr. WRIXON said that an amendment had been made simply placing collectors of imposts under the operation of the Public Service Act, There was also a, verbal amendment. In answer to Mr. Gn WES, Mr. WRIXON said that the bill would come into operation on the 1st of March, but it would not be thoroughly effective and regulations were made. The amendments were agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council. MINING ACCIDENTS INQUEST BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Council, returning the Mining Accidents Inquest Bill, with a notification that it insisted upon its amendment to disallow the members of the Miners' Association from attending inquests officially. Mr. WRIXON Bird the hon. member for Sandhurst (Dr. Quick), who had charge of the bill, was not able to be present, but he had asked that the House should insist upon the amendments. The Council had struck out that part of the bill which was the very soul of it, and it it was not agreed to the bill would not be worth passing. He moved that the House still insist on disagreeing with the amendment by the Council. The motion was agreed to, and the bill was returned to the Legislative Council. EDUCATION ENDOWMENT COMMISSIONERS BILL. Mr. GILLIES moved the second reading of the Education Endowment Commissioners Bill. It had been before, Parliament for a long time, and he believed that in large number of people and hon members were strongly in favour of it, It was introduced for the purpose of meeting the expenditure incurred through the Education department, which was increasing year by year with the population. We felt somewhat proud of our educational system, although it might not be perfect, hon. members must feel that the time would come when it would be criminal not to make some provision whereby the expenditure in connection with it could be met The Crown lands had been passing away out of the hands of the slate and little remained in some parts of the colony that was likely to become valuable. The present opportunity ought to be taken to appropriate them for educational purposes, for there could be no better object The consolidated revenue ought in a few years to be free from the very heavy charge annually made upon it by the Education department. At the present moment the revenue did not feel the, strain, but in a few years it would, and it was important that Parliament should set apart lands as endowment, the value of which would in 20 years The incalculable. Some of the lands in the neighbourhood of Melbourne, on the south bank of the Yarra, it they had been reserved for Una purpose only a few years ago, would now field thousands and thousands of pounds per annum, but quite recently they were permitted to pass into the hands of private persons. Although the matter was now submitted to the dying Parliament, it was brought forward years and years ago. The provisions of the bill were to create commissioners who would have powers which would enable them to use lands in such a way was to produce the largest revenue, but they would not be able to part with them. The persons who were to form the board of commissioners were to be the Minister of Public Instruction for the time being, the Chief Justice, or in his absence the senior puisne judge, and the Governor in Council would appoint three others. Power was given in the bill for the Governor in Council to take back any lands reserved for railways and other public purposes. The total area of the fund to be reserved was a little more than 1,600,000 acres, and the Governor in Council would have power to reserve other lands from time to time for the same purpose. It was one of the most important bills which had been introduced this session, for it not only provided for the immediate present, but was far reaching and looked forward to the future In passing it Parliament would show its wisdom in looking to the future. Hole members had, be believed, always supported the principle contained in the bill, and all the provisions contained in it were on the same lines as those Parliament had passed from time to time with reference to commissioners It was practically the same its the lull which created the Railway Commissioners. The House could remove the commissioners created under it on the same conditions as those under the Audit Act. That was necessary to enable the commissioners to do their duty without fear, favour, or aldermen. There were some people who thought that members of Parliament should not be members of such a commission, but the Government considered that it was not right, under the special circumstances, to direct that members of Parliament should not be on the board, and, therefore, the Officials in Parliament Act would not apply-, A small sum was to be setnpnrtfor fees for attendance of the commissioners, and their travelling expenses would be defrayed, otherwise there would be no re- muneration The lands which were proposed to he vested in the commissioners were 000 000 been a at 1 Fisherman's Bond, including Cundo Island; 1,!'.15,000 acres in the mallee country, 103,0(10 acres on the Dargo, 5/,000 acres not far From Forest- hill, KLOOT acres near the New South Wales border, and 1115,000 acres near the coast bordering on the line to Cape- Howe. The total area was l,hU7,C00 acres, and vvuavnliied nt 1M,000,0M>. When the eouiinibaioiiera had disposed of those lands III leasehold and in other ways they would be able to provide the funds required by the educational system Ex costing the University and the techno- logical education, the educational system of the colony at pit. sent cost IW 0,00 a year, and that was increasing. The strong opinion of the Government and lion m> no beer was that not a moment should be lost in securing the endow- ment proposed for education. He trusted that hon, members would see that the bill would tina noble and valuable work in en- dowing The educational e-tiibliBlinient», so that there would be no interference with their work. Mr. PATTERSON said there was but one opinion as to the principle of the bill to which the House had already agreed, but there was much debatable matter in the bill which could not be dealt with fruit night. The appointment and pay most of a board was a question which might be debated for some time, in reply to the plea of urgency, he might remind the House that the GoicTiiineiit could still reserve the lands, and there was therefore for crossing on the score of urgency (or the impropriety of passing the bill without further consideration. The principle of endowing education was one which would meet with concurrence nil Mund, but the question of appointing the board would occasion much difference of opinion. Three of the members of the board were to be members of Parliament . Mr. ANDERSON (Villiers). Not necessarily 80. Mr. PATTERSON.-The hon. member might pledge his word that it would be so. The question should be held over so that the country might have an opportunity of endorsing the opinion of the House on the main principle, and it would probably be found that the feeling in the country was as unanimous as it was in the House. It was, however, unnecessary to ask the House to deal with the question at that hour on the last night of the session. Mr. ZOX agreed with the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr. Patterson) that there could be no two opinions about the principle contained in the bill. The Premier had said that there was no more important question brought forward this session, and he said that it was absolutely necessary that certain portions of Crown lands should be alienated for the express purpose of the education It would, however, be impossible for the House to pass the bill at that late stage of the session. The principle contained in the measure met with the approval of every hon. member. Why should not the Government extend it further, and instead of asking the House to authorise the sale of the Kew and Yarra Bend reserves endow them for the purpose of subsidising the charitable vote? (Cheers ) Having obtained an expression of opinion from the House in support of the principle which the bill sought to establish, the Premier should withdraw the measure. Mr BROWN said that after the expression of opinion given utterance to by the two lost speakers the Premier must recognise the urgency of withdrawing the bill, especially as his explanation of its provisions had been so mean. Mr. GILLIES.-Whafs that' Mr BROWN-The bill contained most important provisions for the creation of a new and expensive department, which, how ever, was to be outside the control of the Public Service Board The bill was before the House last session, and if the members of the Government had intended to go on with it they could have introduced it at an earlier stage. Here was to be another enormous department Mr. GILLIES-You cannot work the scheme for nothing Mr. BROWN.-Why should not the officers of the: Lands department be utilised to give effect to the provisions of the bill. There was clause 31, which made the commissioners land jobbers. He would put it to the House. Mr. GILLIES -You do not want the bill. Mr. DOW.-It is precious little you know about the matter. Mr. BROWN know as much about bills as the hon. member. If the hon. member referred to a little circular which was going about the House he would perceive that he knew as much about bills as the hon. member. These interruptions were not fair. He did not care much about them, because the hon. member's character was thoroughly appreciated at its true worth outside, it was a piece of gross impertinence for a Minister to act as the Minister of Lands had done on several occasions. Mr. DOW.-You are such a thundering ass (Interruption.) Mr. BROWN Mr. Speaker, I ask you to take that down. I will not allow it Mr. DOW.-I withdraw. Mr. BROWN.-That is no apology. No doubt the Minister of Lands considered himself to be sheltered by the privileges of the House, but if the hon. member were a younger man, and in another place, he would kick him. The SPEAKER -I cannot allow the use of such language. The hon. member must withdraw those words. Mr. BROWN had nothing to withdraw that he knew of. He had not made use of any objectionable language. He had simply made a statement which he was prepared to repeat elsewhere. The SPEAKER. It is proper to withdraw. Mr. BROWN -No. (Dissent) The SPEAKER. You must withdraw. I am sure you will be good enough to do so ; but at the same time you must do so. (Cheers ) Mr. BROWN-At the Speaker's request he would withdraw. He had thought that the Parliament was to be allowed to expire pleasantly, but such was not to be the case. An hon. member ought to be heard with attention, but it was quite true, as the Minister of Lands must know, that a silk nurse could not be made out of a pig's ear Mr. LANGDON.-\\\ by does not Dow withdraw also' The SPEAKER. An hon member inter- jects, the interjection is replied to, and then something is said of which the whole House disapproves. It will be much better if hon. members do not interrupt, and if the hon. member for Mandurang (Mr. Brown) refrains from saying anything which will cause irritation Mr BROWN was only too pleased to bow to the Speaker's ruling, but at the same time there were members in the House who were prepared to do their duty despite the majority of the Ministry. It would be a splendid thing to endow land for educational pur Cases, but the establishment to be created by the bill was objectionable. The House recognised the wisdom of preserving this land, but after hon. members had affirmed the principle of endowment the bill should be dropped Mr. GILLIES-Having admitted the principle, does the hon. member mean to say that he does not intend to carry it out ? Mr. BROWN.-Bahl You are usually clever in your questions, but that is not clever. Mr PEARSON said! that it was announced in 1889 in the Governor's speech that it was the intention of the Government to secure a national system of primary education by the permanent endowment of land. The House in the same year endorsed the policy of the Government, and the principle contained in the bill might then be said to have been affirmed by hon. members The bill was brought forward in 1887, when it was opposed by the hon. member for Mandurang (Mr. Brown) on quite different grounds to those then advanced by him. The reason why the bill was not considered at an earlier stage in the session was because of the time which of necessity was occupied in the discussion of the Government Budget proposals hon. members were familiar with the principle of the bill. The details were substantially the B ime IIB contained in the measure of 1887. It had been urged that the state would not alienate these lands. Mr. GRAVES -Some of them have been alienated during the past month. Mr. PEARSON -The interjection of the hon member supplied him with an excellent argument Unless the land was endowed, corporations would soon find excellent reasons why it should be alienated, but from the moment the commissioners were appointed the land was really appropriated to the purposes for which it was required He was astonished to hear the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr. Patterson) oppose the passing of the bill, especially as it sought to effect the object for which he had pleaded a few nights since, viz", tile dctriDing of the expense of our educational system from a settled source of income instead of from loan. The most sensible thing the House could do would be to pass the bill. Mr. JONES said that the main object of the bill was good, and therefore he intended to vote for the measure If any matters of detail were wrongly handled this session the measure could be amended before the blunder acted adversely to the interests of the colony. Important us the bill was, it ought to be allowed to go through in the present Parliament, all matters of detail being critically dealt with IIB occasion might require The work of the commission would always be under the purview of Parliament, and we should be able to deal promptly with any appearance of improper action It was highly probable that the commission would do its work well and that the fund, rising in value, would, in the perhaps distant future, do something towards defraying the cost of our educational system, in the hills were not reserved they would be granted away or sold, and in that case the unearned Increment would accrue to the benefit of individuals or companies, instead of to the mass of the community, If it were objected that the measure must not be dealt with because it was important, his reply was that the House, had lately dealt with several measures reputed to be important, and it might try to deal with one more. Mr. C YOUNG was surprised that the Minister had not asked for power to reserve these lands, if he did not already possess it, at an earlier date He did not Her win the necessary power to reserve the land should not be granted now, all matters of detail being felt to be dealt with by another session. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN intended supporting the bill, although he did not think Its result would be so effectual as the Premier Inngined. He noticed that one section of the land-portion C- was 1,1')5,000 acres in extent, and this was proposed to be reserved for quills, landing places, tramways, railways, railway stations, roads, canals, or other internal communication, or for roSnrvoira, aqueducts, or watercourses, or as a watershed or gathering ground for water supply purposes, or as camping grounds, or for watering purposes or the sites of markets, abattoirs, public baths or washhouses, state schools or other Institutions of public instruction, reserves of timber for sawing and splitting purposes, and reserves for the growth and preservation of timber, gardens, parks, or hospitals, asylums, or Infirmaries, or places for the Interment of the dead, or for the recreation, convenience, or uuiuseraontof the people. Not a word was mentioned about churches. Mr. DOW-We don't grant sites for churches now. , Sir. BRYAN O'LOOHLEN.-The omission was a blot on the bill. It was to be regretted i hav when Important matters of this kind Came on for discussion the members of the Government cleared out of the House. The members of the Ministry were the authors of this extraordinary system, which had been established during the last two or three months, and he intended charging them with it before the country upon the public platform. While the denomination he was connected with was willing to vote the lands of the colony to endow the system of education approved of by the majority of the people, it was his duty to ask the House and the country to consider whether the anomalies and injustice of that system could not be removed. It was not a mere theoretical or sentimental stand which was taken up, for by its action through a series of years in, maintaining schools without assistance from the state the denomination had shown that it entertained a solid conviction that the exclusion of the teaching of religion from the primary schools was wrong. Although it might BUs hon. members at times, for political reasons, to sing " God Save the Queen," to beat the drum, and to raise the cry the Education Act is in danger, the people of the country knew that there was no solid foundation for the cry, and that it was consequently a mere bi Mern fulmen. Mr. WOODS -It is a mockery to discuss this question at this period of the session. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN -What did the hon member who said that think of the action of the Government in delaying this question till the present time. He (Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was an opponent of the education system, and it might be considered by some an extraordinary thing that he should support the present bill. Bathe had always supported every vote of money for building schools, or motion for allocating loan money for the support of education He approved of the policy of allocating certain lands for the support of education, and would therefore support the bill, which would he felt sure, meet with approval in the country. Dr. ROSE hoped that the bill would be passed with as little delay as possible. The expense of the education system was increas- ing so rapidly that before long it would entail a very heavy burden of taxation upon the people of the country, therefore, it was a wise policy to set apart valuable lands for the support of the system. Mr. GRAVES disagreed with the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr. Patterson) in the opinion that there was plenty of time to a deal with the question next session, There was not an hour to lose Valuable lands were rapidly passing away from the possession of the Crown The Minister of Lands might include other areas in the endowment which were almost unknown to the Government surveyors, but were amongst the most valuable in the country. Population was rapidly increasing, and new schools were being called for in localities which a few years ago were unpeopled. There should, therefore, be no delay in reserving lands for the endowment of education Mr. VALE said the history of endowments in the old country, whether for charities, churches, or other purposes, was a record of shame Their management was a series of robberies and robberies. There was not a clean record in a single instance. The failure of the various commissioners in this country, including the Commissioners of Audit and the Public Service Board, did not encourage the House to put the management of these lands into the control of a board In many of the shires endowments were a nuisance and a loss to the revenue of the country. Ever) 0-10 acres of land could sustain a family, and every family meant an addition to the Customs revenue alone of £20 ori'30a)eir. It would have been better to dispose of the endowments und devote sufficient money out of the ordinary revenue to meet the requirements of agricultural colleges. There was not the slightest provision for the maintenance of the present education system under the bill It was simply an attempt to prevent the land from being settled One clause provided that the Minister of Education should he chairman of commissioners, which meant that the present Munster could hold the office in perpetuity. People who were in favour of endowments should acquaint themselves with the history of them in the old country, where for the last 200 years 1861 out of every L10 realised had been diverted from the object for which the endowments were made. Mr. WOODS declined to have anything to do with a bill that ought to have been introduced six months ago There was no necessity for It being passed at once. The Minister could make what reservations of land were necessary). Mr. DOW That is all the bill wants. Mr. at ODDS -The bill gave the control of endowments to an irresponsible body, and created a new power in the state of the nature of the Harbour Trust This was special appropriation with a vengeance He thought the special appropriation was to stop with the defences Mr. BOW. This means the defence of education Mr WOODS It meant that a trust mainly nominated by the Government would have the control of nearly 2,000,000 acres of land. Mr, DUFFY felt himself in the same position as the hon. member who had just spoken He was not prepared to give that attention to the bill which he would like to. The point of view presented by the hon. member for Ballarat West (Mr Vale) was worthy of serious consideration. The trusts which had been created in England had been woefully mismanaged, and the endowments were a barrier to the progress and improvement of the neighbourhoods where they existed. The same result would follow here ultimately. there was no reason why the Minister should not make reservations and trust to being iiukminhtd by a Parliament fresh from the country. Colonel SMI IN said that ever since he had been in the House he had advocated the principle of the bill. The arguments of his colleague had been used by Sir John O'Shanassy 22 years ago Mr GILLIES-What The same argu- ments? Colonel SMITH Yes The principle was a sound one, and he would accept it in whatever shape it came It would be all right so long as the lands were within the control of Parliament, and the chairman of the commissioners, who was to be the Minister of Education for the time being, would be amenable to the House. The principles of the bill were what he had advocated the whole of his life. Mr. 'TUCKER cordially supported the system of land endowment, and considered that there could be no two opinions as to the wisdom of the step proposed. If it had been taken 10 years ago the Government would now have £'.'00,000 per annum, he would place the lands away from the control of a Minister, and the only way of permanently reserving them was by vesting them in commissioners or trustees. There was another art that ought to be included in the land which was to be vested in the commissioner and he was glad to see that the Government was taking power to add to the reservation from time to time. The land he referred to was on the south bank of the N. Yarra. V Ity should it not be taken over and the money obtained from it mud into the Education department as a nucleus for the [und'' He was sorry that hon. members would neglect the opportunity of taking credit of belonging to a Parliament that reserved land for the endowment of education Mr. LAURENS thought that as the proposal was calculated to meet the annual educational expenditure in times to come, it was a step in the right direction, and one which ought to be sanctioned Mr. MEN FreRE felt bound to vote against the bill. Why was the Government not pre fared to accept the unanimous wish of the house to grant the land 1 It could turn the grant to as good use as trustees. At any rate there would be no serious loss sustained by leaving the matter over for six mouths. Mr COOPER said that it was unfortunate that the bill should have been brought in at a time when discussion was precluded. The principles of endowment were very proper and just a sufficient safeguard was provided that the land would be kept for the use for which it was granted, but it was unwise to create new departments The work in the Lands department was materially decreasing, and as the officers there would soon have plenty of time on their hands, they should be given the control of the lands which it was proposed to vest in commissioners. Mr. MURPHY said that until the state was prepared to deal even-handed justice all round he would vote against the bill. Mr. GAUNSON moved that the bill be read that day six months. He did not intend to any un) thing respecting the endow- ments for educational purposes. He could not help telling, however, that the proposal to appoint commissioners was a most undesir- able, one. Mr. DENT seconded the oniPiidineilt The bill was brought in for platform purposes, and it was never intended that it should be carried The bill dealt with lands worth i 1,000 000, and some of these lands lite Minister hudflt- rhutttd to ho gi Vin- to his own private Griffiths > ("Order, order,") Mr. BROWN. the will do anything. Mr. DOW,-I wish hon, member for Brighton would explain what he means by that statement Mr. HEN c-The explanation is simple. The hon, member for Delatite had pointed out that land had been taken up during the last few days. Mr. DOW.-Legally. J ask the hon. member to withdraw the remark he made, Mr BENT.-I will not withdraw it at an: i Mr. DOW.-Mr. Speaker, I wish to draw your attention to that statement the hon. .rneriib*r,ha» made, and to ask you to request ,bim.to,«?itlidraw it is JI.M ÏBENT.- I.'-l*lH<not withdraw it, because -tttawfatbtji -J S 1 the I 3 The SPEAKER.-The hon. member for Brighton had better, perhaps, explain the statement, as it might not then bear the meaning which I presume the Minister of Lands puts upon it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BENT.-1 am not going to withdraw. Notwithstanding that the bill has been on the table for months, the Minister Mr. DOW.-Mr. Speaker, I must insist on a withdrawal. Mr. BENT.-And I insist that I will not withdraw the statement. I will repeat it again. Mr. DOW.-Mr. Speaker, I must draw your attention to the statement made by the hon. member for Brighton to the effect that I, as Minister of Lands, gave away the lands of the colony to my friends. I do not wish the hon. member to withdraw the statement so much so that he should deliver himself of an explanation showing that the words used are not intended to convey the meaning which may be put upon them. The SPEAKER-The whole difficulty probably arises out of a misunderstanding. I feel sure that the hon. member for Brighton did not mean to impute corrupt motives. Mr. BENT.-I have nothing to withdraw. Although the bill has been tabled for a month, the Minister-I do not say illegal..' has allowed land to be taken up by his friends. Mr. DOW.-That is most offensive. This particular land, if it has been dealt with at nil, has been dealt with under the laws of the country. Selections have been made, but what they are I don't know. I wish to affirm, however, that I have never given away any lands to my own friends or to anybody else. Mr. BENT. Is not that what I have just said? (Laughter.) Have I not said that, with the knowledge he possesses, the Minister has allowed this land to be given away to his friends ? Mr. DOW.-This is unwarranted. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GRAVES.-I don't think the Minister knew of it. Mr. BENT.-With the knowledge that this bill was to be brought before the House, the Minister has permitted these gentlemen to obtain the land. Mr. MTNTYRE.-That settles it Mr. BENT.-TheMinistry did not want to pass the bill. The Premier desired that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen should speak on the Roman Catholic question. He said on a previous occasion, " Sir Bryan has talked on the Roman Catholic question, and I will fix him." He wanted a chance to "lix" him again. Mr. GILLIES.-Sir Bryan O'Loghlen did speak about the Roman Catholic claims to- night while you were asleep. Mr. BENT.-Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was true to his convictions. The Opposition desired to pass this bill as much as the Government did. Mr. GILLIES.-But you won't do it. That is the strange thing about It. Mr. BENT.-We know that if it is carried, 1 you can't pass it in another place. Mr. GILLIES.-Let us try it Mr. BENT.-We won't let you try it. It is simply a bill to provide billets for some friends of the Ministry-. I Mr. GILLIES. This is not in order. It is monstrous upon the last night of the session. Mr. BENT.-The Premier is ft Pooh-Bah we know, land now he wants to be Speaker. Mr. GILLIES.-This is quite of order. Mr. BENT would have no objection to allow the bill to go into committee pro forma on the understanding that it went no further. Mr. DOW.-The Ministry is going right through with the bill. Mr. BENT, out of sympathy for the Speaker, who had been a long time in the chair, would allow the bill to go into committee. Mr. GRAVES said that some of the land which it was proposed to reserve was open for selection. If the bill was not passed the Minister of Lands should take steps to prevent its alienation during the recess. Mr. BROWN sympathised with the Speaker, but felt it a duty to oppose the progress of the bill. Mr. GILLIES suggested, as it did not appear probable that the bill would be allowed to pass, that the amendment be withdrawn, and the hon. member would move instead that the debate be adjourned. Mr. GAUNSON had no objection to withdraw his motion. He was told that the Government did not want to pass this bill, and he would, therefore, let it go to its second reading. The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the withdrawal of the amendment. Mr. BROWN.-Alter the experience of the other night I have no confidence in anything coming from the Government The Premier has made a deliberate misstatement Mr. GILLIES.-This is not in order, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER. Do I understand that there is any objection? I Mr. BENT.-Yea ; I object The amendment was negatived. The bill was read a second time. THE PUBLIC HEALTH BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Council transmitting the Public Health Bill, with amendment-). The House agreed with the amendments, and the bill was ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL. A message was received from the Legislative Council transmitting the Electoral Act 1865 Amendment Bill, with amendments, and stating that it did not insist upon some amendments, but it insisted upon others, the amendments insisted on were that the clauses relating to the abolition of plural voting should be struck out. Mr DEAKIN said that the House had to consider whether it would pass the bill with the omissions insisted on by the Legislative Council The measure dealt with a large number of the defects which had been discovered in the electoral machinery, and as such was extremely valuable. It was a great misfortune that the gentlemen in another place had not been able to see eye to eye with the House in the matter, and a still greater misfortune that they had not made one step of approach towards the proposal to abolish plural voting Mr. GAUNSON Is it true that your Ministers in the Upper House voted in favour of retaining plural voting? Mr. DEAKIN -Not that I am aware of. Certainly not Mr. GAUNSON.-That goes to show the sincerity of the Ministry. Mr. DEAKIN did not propose to enter into such issues. The question to be considered was whether the clauses which had been agreed to by the Council were worthy of being placed on the statute book, and, further, whether by doing so the House would be weakening the claims for the other reform. He thought that the position of the House with regard to plural voting would remain unaltered if the bill were passed us desired by the Legislative Council. Mr. McINTYRE -We ought to abolish the Upper House Mr. DEAKIN would be happy to consider that question if it were put forward in a constitutional way. or. MTNTYRE-Let us have a dead lock. Mr. DEAKIN moved that the police do not insist upon disagreeing with the amendments made by the Legislative Council. Mr. FEILD had been surprised on reading what had taken place in the Legislative Council. The House had it right to expect that the Government would command a certain amount of support in the Upper House for its proposals It was about time to consider whether there was not a growing desire in another place to overshadow the House and deal with matters it had no basis- lica, to deal with. Rather than accept the little that the Council had been graciously pleased to give to the House, one would vote for going to the country on the whole of the bill. By accepting this little the House, to a certain extent, removed the probability of the present or any other Government attempting to abolish plural voting. Mr. DEAKIN.-Not In any way. Mr. GRAVES said that although plural voting would be a very great evil in his district, he did not agree with the Chief Secretary Those in favour of plural voting must obtain more representatives during the coming clqctt6ni-antl therefore the evil If it worel'lone-would be intensified, and there would be no hope of its abolition. Mr. JONES said that among young people liailnllumupon this bill passing, and unless it did they would not be able to get their electors' rights in time for the next election. For that reason he wanted the bill paused. It the Jlotiso had to fight another place, he would like to see a Ministry in power that would be properly represented in the Council. Mr. LAURENS said that now that the Electoral Districts Alteration Bill was become law it would be possible for sunni electors to record their votes in 20 or 30 electorates (hear, hearings the amendments were not disagreed with A gentleman had boasted to him that he had recorded 13 votes at the last general election, and was actually insolvent at the time. There were some good provisions in the bill, and he was sorry that the other Chamber had not made some overtures with a view to settling the disputed points. It would be best to accept the remaining portion for the present Dr ROSE said (that the action, oFtWother Chamber proved the necessity, which was put before the House at the time of bringing in the bill to abolish plural voting before the Electoral Districts Alteration Bill Mr McINTYRE was surprised at the innocence of hon members Did they think that the Government even in tended that the bill should pass ' hon. members had a right jet to say whether they would insist upon his scheme for mid gating the evils of plural voting Mr GILLIES -On I this is an electioneering dodge Mr MINIYRE.-The whole work of the Government had been an electioneering dodge and he is wanted the country to realise how the Government had acted Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that the house had been fooled by the Government for the second time during the present session the first instance was in regard to the stock tax and the second in relation to this question of plural voting The Ministry had allowed the bill to increase the members of the Legislative Council to pass away, and had therefore put themselves in the power of the Upper House The evils of plural voting would be added to tenfold by the manner in which the constituencies had been cut up under the Electoral Districts alteration Bill Mr V \LE had been under the impression that plural voting was a question of public policy, and that the Ministry as a body was pledged to it. He, for one had thought that he could rely upon the statements which the Ministry had made Such being the case, he was puzzled to know what action the Ministry intended taking Was the Ministry going to take the House and the country into its confidence or was the action of the Legislative Council to be taken as an absolute indication that the Ministry was broken up' Mr GAUNSON regarded the action of the Legislative Council as a most scandalous proceeding The Ministry had invited the legislative Council to throw the bill out I his charge was proved by the fact that when the Redistribution of Seats Bill was before the House it was proposed to insert certain clauses for the abolition of plural voting whereupon the Government pointedly called attention to the fact that if these clauses were agreed to they would cause the loss of the bill in the Legislative Council That was nothing more nor less than an invitation to the Legislative Council to pass the redistribution of Seats Bill and do anything it liked with the Plural Voting Bill The Premier had laid down the principle that a bill which dealt with the Canned alone should not be interfered with by the Assembly except under special circumstances the very pith and marrow of the Anti plural Voting Bill concerned the Assembly alone and yet it was now proposed to accept the Council s amendment of that bill The House divided on the question that the Assembly do not still insist upon disagreeing with the amendment insisted upon by the Council, with the following the suit - Ayes . IG Noes 16 Majority for the motion IS The following is the division Hat - AYES. . Mr W Anderson Mr Forrest Mr Peirce 4 (Creswick) - Gardiner - Huase 1 ' \- VV Anderson - (Sillies - Shackell (Villiers) - Gordon - Daniels \- lost to - Graham - Smith C \- Rourohlor - Harris A L Tucker " \- Cameron - Harris J - Air Uren \- Davies DM.- Madden - Wheeler \- Dealtm - M Coll -Wright \- I'erliiin - M lean - VVrKoo \- Do v - M Berlin - Fox \- DuTy - Munno - Young, A \- Ferguson - Pearson Î.0L3 Mr lîaVer Mr Jones Sir B O Lochlea \- Pent - Langdon Mr Outtrim \- Brown - Lauirri IRA - Patterson \- Feild - Laurens Dr lose \- Gaunson - M Intyre Mr Smith his ZUM Murphy- sale The bill was ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council with a message that the House did not still insist upon the amendments which the Council disagreed with FATAL MINING ACCIDENTS BILL A message was received from the Legisla- tive Council transmitting the bill making better provision for the conduct of inquests on fatal mining accidents and stating that it still insisted upon the amendments disagreed with by the House Mr WRI"XON said it would be perfectly useless to proceed further with the bill, and he moved that it be laid aside (Opposition members, ' Oh I oh ' ) Agreed to 'THE CHAIRMAN OF RAILWAY I COMMISSIONERS. Mr. GILLIES asked the House to be good enough to go into committee for the purpose of considering the message from the Governor with regard to the increase of the salary of the chairman of Railway Commissioners. The Government did not intend to ask the House to agree to the appropriation, but be would formally move that the House go into committee, so that members might have an opportunity of expressing their opinions on it if they so desired. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN did not think any more business ought to be done in the House after the disgraceful conduct of the Government on thesuojectof plural voting. Mr PATTERSON congratulated the Premier on his decision not to proceed with the matter. It was impossible to get the House to agree to the appropriation, and nothing should be done which would be likely to create any ill feeling in two years' time, after Mr. Speight had taken his well earned holiday no doubt the House would be prepared to give him the increase of salary. Mr. WHEELER thought it would be unwise to go into committee, us an angry discussion might possibly be engendered. It was perfectly useless to discuss the subject in any way. Mr. JONES said that the matter ought to be left to the country to deal with. He did not wish to say one word of unfair criticism or a word of disparagement of Mr. Speight It was merely a matter of courtesy that they should receive the message. The House went into committee on the question that the appropriation be made out of the consolidated revenue for the purpose of increasing the salary of Richard Speight, Esq, chairman of the Railway Commissioners Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN asked hon. members not to deal with any more business. Mr. VALE understood that the bill was to be dropped. Mr. GILLIES -I don't propose to proceed farther with the bill. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN moved that the Chairman report progress They were not going to be fooled about the Plural Voting Bill. Mr. BENT said that some hon. members had an impression that he had made some remarks on a previous occasion re Electing on Mr. Speight He had only said that the railway management was bad as he would say that the Ministry was bud. Mr. Speight was conducting a had system, but he was a good man, and one who could save or lose a country £50,000 a year. The Government, by its action, was placing him in an awkward position. If it had been asked that a sum be voted to Mr. Speight as his expenses to go on a visit to England it would have been given willingly. Mr. BROWN.-He has no right to go. Mr. BENT.-In conducting the Railway department Mr. Speight had worked very hard, and had been a success, and he would make one to vote him a sum of money to take him through America. Mr, McINTYRE said that, having gone so far, not having received the message, hon. members ought not to go any further, the House might express its satisfaction at the manner in which Mr. Speight had performed his duties, and then let the bill be abandoned. Mr. GAUNSON said that the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr. Patterson) had asked whether it was desirable that a man's salary should be increased during the middle of his engagement, If the man was worth more than he had originally bargained to pay him, it would be unjust it he continued to retain his services at less than his value. Personally, although he might be inclined to waive IIIB feelings in the matter, he could not overlook the fact that his constituents were against the proposed increase of salary to Mr. Speight. What that gentleman had to complain of was the want of straightforwardness on the part of his friends, the Ministry. The Government had made his .E^cetlencv, the Governor a party' to a,.' dumbly ' ijiesBugo which it did not desire to be carried into effect. He wished Mr. Speight'.well of his friends on the Treasury benches, ,;/I'\,,l Mr. BAKER said that when the time came he would be prepared to recognise the claims of the three Railway Commissioners for consideration at the hands of the House. Sir BRYAN - O'LOGHLEN sold, that if Mr. Speight linn come to Victoria at a salary of £4,000 per annum the country would have had no reason to complain. One of the difficulties in the way of increas- ing his salary was that the Bellum to. the Railway Commissioners Who would have to do Mr Speight's work during that gentleman absence for the next six months would have to be increased Mr G GRAVES considered that Mr Speight. as a railway manager vvas-unsurnasseil Mr GAUNSON! -Yes there's no man in the world like him Give him jaDOO a year (Laughter ) Mr. GRAY E-5.- He could not understand why the Government wished the message of the Governor to be reported Mr PAtERSON- The inference is that the whole matter will drop alter it is reported 1 Sir BRY VN 0 LOGHLEN -How can it drop' Mr P UTTERSON How can anything be done without a bill' The motion that progress, be reported was agreed to Sir BRI N O LOGIIL1 V asked the Government whether there was any intention of using, the measure in any practical manner Mr GI! Lil S said the Government remained of the same opinion on the question as when it first proposed to ask the House to vote the a a national s Mary and when the proper time came the Government would be prepared to express that opinion again A PERSON AL EXPLANATION Mr II LRCP desired to explain that having been kept up for two nights pre v ously when the plural voting division was taken he was unfortunately asleep and was records I on the wrong side (Laughter ) Mr DUE BY He scored with the noes (Loud laughter ) CHIN! SL IMMIGRATION BILL A message was received from the legislative Council transmitting the Bill for the Further Restriction of Chinese Immigration an 1 mt man g that it had agreed to the same with amendments. The amendments were taken into con- sideration Mr GILLIES moved that the amendment to clause 4 providing that three Chinese women and six children may be admitted for every 100 tons of tonnage on the vessel be disagreed with the amendment was totally foreign to the principles of the hill Mr L. L SMI IH agrees with the amendment It did aw ly with one threat objection which had been made against Chinese immigration The motion to disagree with the amendment was carried Mr Gil LirS moved that the House dis agree with the amendment providing that Chinese who have taken out letters of naturalisation be a matter The motion was agreed to Mr Gil I ITS moved that the amendment in clause 3 reducing the penalty from 60 to £100 be acree 1 with It probably would not make much difference and he did not desire to disagree with an) amendment unless it was absolutely necessary The motion was agreed to. On the question that the House agree to the amendment of the Legislative Council to omit clause 9 penalty on entering by land without authority Mr GILLIE S eui that the clause was one which had been generally agreed to at the Sy Ineyconterence Itwasrec gauge I whiteness colony should have the nghtofprotectint, itself from an influx of Chinese from another colony It was very sir men that after an agreement had been come to by the colonies it should be said in another place that that agreement should not stand There would be difficulty in coming to an understanding with the Imperial Government on the bill if it were thrown aside the colony would have nothing to protect itself the Government had not attempted in the slightest degree to affect the status of the Chinese within the colony) The Chinese but not receive 1 better treatment in any part of the world than in the colony and they occupied the same position as British subjects so far as the protection of our laws was concerned, to say that they had been treated in istry was an outrage on common sense Let 1 Englishmen co to China not see how they would be treated the Chinese within our borders had received ample just ce and we had a right to say whether we would receive any more It was univers lily ucknowle feel that it was undesirable that any large influx of the Chinese should be allowed I to British colonies as they did not assimilate with our race The colonies were perfectly justified therefore in meeting in conference and coming to a joint understanding to pass common legislation Was it right that the common conclusion should be brought to naught for a sentiment elsewhere that the 11 use was done an injustice' Mr G VUVsON -A good sentiment Mr GILLI! She House was doing no injustice to the Chinese in the colony and it was perfectly justified in trying to give effect to nineteen twentieths of the people of the colony to strike out the clause was to strike at the very root of the agreement which had been come to He asked the House to disagree w to this amendment of the Legislative Council Mr DUII Y said it was a pity that the right of a member to appear in either House did not obt up in the colony for if the Legis lative Council had been able to hear the a tourable addressed the Premier it might have been induce 1 to take a more reasonable view of the clause than it had done the address had been delivered in the wrong place for the members of the House all agreed with the Premier Mr 0 MUSSON Could we not make a proposition that the Premier should be heard at the bar of the Council. The sentiment that the Council has indulged in is a foolish and absurd one and I had hoped that the Premier would have said so Mr M INTYRE asked whether it was the intention of the Government supposing the Legislative Council refused to alter its decision to show any backbone Would the bill be dropped Mr GILL 11 S-Certainly we won't agree with this amendment (Cheers Sir By VAN CLOSELY Y gave the Ire oner every credit for his determination and hoped the House would support him. The amendment of the Legislative Council was dis agreed with The bill was ordered to be returned to the Legislative Council, with an intimation that the House agreed with some of the amendments and disagreed with others. Mr GILLIES moved that the House approve of the proposed reference to the Privy Council of the matter of the disputed boundary between the colony of Victoria and the province of South Australia. A number of years ago, when this colony formed part of New South Wales, a desire was intimated that the boundary should be fixed between New South Wales and the province of South Australia. Of course, in those days, the methods of fixing boundaries were not as easy as at the present time, however, a boundary was fixed, it was accepted and proclaimed by the Governor of both colonies fresh surveys were made after Victoria was created a separate colony, and it was found that the line was not correct. Shortly afterwards the province of South Australia drew attention to the fact, and asked that a new survey should be made by an officer from each colony Nothing was done then, but the matter was raised again when the late Mr Francis was Chief Secretary The Government then decided that, as the boundary had been allowed to stand so many years, and had been proclaimed there was no justification for altering it From that date considerable correspondence had passed, and five years ago a strong effort was made by South Australia to have the question re opened, suggesting that it should be remitted to the Privy Council on its merits It was thought as South Australia had so much territory It would allow the boundary to remain as it was The terms on which the appeal was to be made were very fair, and Victoria might rely with confidence on the result. The course proposed would be made better than leaving the matter unsettled, with a chance of a dispute arising between the colonies at any time, and hiivingultimntely to be referred to the Privy Council, but only one narrow question. It should be decided at once on the broad question. He did not think that South Australia had a legal position to stand on in the case. As far as he was concerned, he was prepared to submit the case to an ordinary arbitration. If the House was satisfied with the broad merits of the case, on what grounds should hon. members refuse to appeal to the Privy Council The case would not then be settled upon bare legal technicalities, as might happen if the House did not concur in the motion. The tribunal before which the case would be heard was impartial, and would determine this little question between the two colonies either as it was right or wrong. The Government would be undertaking a serious responsibility If it declined to make a reference of the kind he had indicated to the Privy Council. If Victoria were in the same position as South Australia, and possessed such a superior territory, its people would not raise such a small objection and continue In its agitation that the question should be determined as had been the case in South Australia. At the flame, time he felt so could lent upon the honest, merits of the case that he had no hesitation, in asking the House to allow the relereiifn',)p,be made to the Privy Council. The Government had taken care that all the nice questions which were involved in the matter should be included in the reference. The matters of the selection of land, the money which had been paid for it, and its occupancy had all been considered, and, in the event of South Australia obtaining a verdict in its favour, it was to place all the settlers in the same position as if the disputed territory continued in the possession of Victoria. It our colony was in the wrong would it be honest to it to hold out? It appeared as if South Australia Bimiily wished to have the matter determined one way or the other However perfect scientific instruments might be it was impossible that the border could be defined with perfect exactitude. Mr. MADDEN-If you alter it now you may have to alter it to morrow. Mr. GILLIES -The Legislature ought to be above evading the consideration of a question concerning which rational doubt might exist The House might safely rely upon the merits of the case which the colony had to present to the Privy Council. Mr. DUFFY said that if that was the last opportunity which he would have of nd dressing the House, he would use it in raising his protest against the proposal. As a representative of the people he could not consent to give up an acre of land belonging to Vic- form, or to part with one of its inhabitants. The hon. member might say that the colony had all the equities on its side, but the person who went to law was only safe when be as sumed from the outset that he would lose his case. The Government could have adopted two courses other than the one which it had submitted to the House An appeal could have been made to the Imperial Parliament to pass a validating act which would give Victoria the boundary it already possessed, upon any equitable terms which might be determined upon by the Legislature of Great Britain. On the other hand, the Government might have availed itself of the Imperial act, which gave to the Governors of any Australian colonies power to agree between themselves in case there was any dispute about boundaries. Mr GILLIES.-That act does not apply. Mr DUFFY-Why crop There was nothing to prevent the two Governments, through their Governors, horn discussing the whole subject and defining where the line should be drawn, and upon what conditions The Speaker at this stage 20 minutes past 2 Smallest the chair, and was relieved by Mr. Cooper, Chairman of Committees. Mr. DUFFY.-Victoria was the smallest colony of the group, and it was well known that a great part of the territory of South Australia was acquired to that colony through the exertion of Victorian citizens. In spite of this, however, the South Australian Government, on a purely legal quibble, disputed our boundary At the same time, if it were decided that South Australia has a right to the land Victoria would be liberal minded enough to pay for it in money. What he objected to, however, was that we should think of parting with a single acre of our Already circumscribed territory, or what was more important, that we should virtually give away one of our citizens without his being consulted. The representatives of this particular district would in form the House, it need be, that as far as they knew, the inhabitants of the disputed territory were not willing to be [ handed over to South Australia. Mr. GILLIES.-Are they to determine whether the territory belongs to South a train or Victoria.' Mr. DUFFY.-If the Premier did his duty no necessity for such determination would arise The Premier had frequently alluded to the broad merits of the case, but as far as he could judge, the Privy Council would merely have to determine the legal aspect of the question, and to define the boundary The Premier ought to have told us something concerning our legal position in the matter. The only shred of legality which was attempted to be set up with a very thin one indeed The boundary of South Australia was fixed before the colony was constituted, on the 1 Hat meridian. When Victoria was constituted a colony, it was defined that the western boundary of Victoria should be the eastern boundary of South Australia And it was contended that because the boundary had then been fixed in the ground, it must be the boundary referred to in the subsequent act of Parliament, and not the 1 list meridian. Upon this legal quibble the whole of the legality contended for by the Government rested. When the colony of South Australia was originally fixed it did not matter much where the boundary line was drawn because the country was not occupied In IS lb, however, when the country was beginning to be settled, the Governments of South Australia and New South Wales agreed that a boundary line should be fixed A South Australian surveyor was accordingly sent down, and he, determining where the 141st meridian was, gave the full benefit of it to South Australia. After this the South Australian Government, by notice in the Government Gazette, agreed that the line should be fixed as the boundary line of the colonies A proclamation might declare a certain line to be the boundary, but it could not fix the position of that line. The Premier seemed to imagine that a meridian of longitude was a mark upon the ground, and that a smart BUt ever could (get it and run his pegs along it Mr. Ellery, who was a competent authority, had declared that a meridian of longitude could not, by any human means, be definitely fixed, but he further said there was an error in the line as at present fixed of from a quarter to half a mile. When a line was once fixed on to the boundary between two states, that agreement was not subject to any difference which the advance of human knowledge might make as to the question of the actual position of the line. Hint was the position which had been accepted with regard to the boundary between the United States and Canada and between several of the United States. This disputed boundary question had been revived on several occasions Mr M'Pherson, when Premier, agreed that a surveyor should be sent out to survey the line, but upon advice from some of hisoflicera.drevv back from that agreement Mr. Francis refused to re-open the question, but Mr. Casey, who was his Minister of Lands, left a long memorandum on the question, which was an able statement of the case for Victoria Mr. Mann, who was then Premier of South Australia, attempted an answer to and memorandum, but admitted that it would be unwarrantable if the case was between sovereign states or private individuals He drew a very fine dis action between those cases and the case of two colonies which it was very difficult to appreciate The Premier, if determined to submit the case to arbitration, should have put in a clause to provide that in no case should the territory of Victoria be taken away. He could not believe that South Australia hankered after the miserable step of country If the Premier used a little of that adroit strategy with the South Australians which he was in the habit of displaying in the House, he could manage the whole thing South Australia would part with the territory for a very small sum indeed The Government had not treated the House fairly in bringing this important subject forward at a time when hon. members could not give it proper consideration Mr GILLIES-You don't want to make a longer speech than you have, Surely' Mr DUFFY thought the Premier ought to be much obliged for being kept awake If he had proposed to take advantage of the statute which enabled the colonies to settle the dispute between themselves, he would have done better than by bringing forward this resolution Mr BAKER moved that the debate be adjourned As the representative of the people residing in this territory, he would inform the Premier that they had a very strong feeling in favour of being retained in the colony of Victoria. He regretted very much that [17 or 18 members should be asleep in the Chamber while such an important question was being debated II an injustice had been done to the South Australian people, it had been done at their own request, for their own surveyor settled the question, and the Governors of New South Wales and South Australia agreed to what was done there was no use of the South Australians talking about sentiment What they wanted was the railway stations, and railway that were within the territory I Mr GILLIES That is all settled. I [The House was still sitting when we went to press J 