COUNTRY NEWS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS,] WESTBURY On' 17th inst,, St. Patrick's Day, the Westbury Lodge, 6,125, M.D. Order of Oddfellows, held a grand demonstration for the purpose of airing their splendid new banner, and also to inaugurate, if possible, an annual sports meeting at the Agricultural Society's Show Ground. A procession was formed at the Westbury Hotel, where the lodge meets, and after being photographed the members marched to the ground, headed by the Perth Brass Band. A sumptuous banquet had been prepared by Mr. and Mrs Smith, of the Berridale Hotel, and about 80 pe'Sins sat down to the tables, Mr. Lakin, of Launceston, in the chair, supported right and left by the Revs. F. B. Sharland and T. M. Callaghan, and representatives of the district lodges. When the wants of the inner man had been attended to, the Chairman proposed the healths of " The Queen " and " The Governor," which were duly honoured. The vice-chairman, Mr. Drew, proposed "The Grand Master and Board of Directors." Responded to by Bro. Lakin. Mr. T. Morton proposed " Kindred Societies," briefly acknowledged by Mr. Elgar, of Westbury Working Men's Club. Mr. Curran proposed " The Westbury Lodge," acknowledged by Mr. Betts, who read a brief report, setting forth the satisfactory position of the lodge. The number of members on the roll, 59; funds in hand, £308 Us.; the increase for the year being £55 15s. 3d, During the past financial year £19 3s. 4d. had been paid a sick allowances. Bro. A. J. Scott then proposed " Our Visitors," which was replied to in turn by Mr. G. Newton, Rev. F. B. Sharland, and Rev. T. M. Callaghan. Mr. Lakin then closed this part of the proceeds rugs by giving the toast of the " Host and Hostess," which was received with enthusiasm. The races were then commenced a little after the advertised time. One hundred yards, for all who have never won public money brought 15 competitors before the starter. Some trouble was experienced in getting the men off, but at last it was done the race ending in a dead heat between Ritchie and McLean. In running off McLean came in an easy winner. McLean, first prize, £2 ; Ritchie, second, £1. 100YDS. HANDICAP FLAT RACE -Open to all 14 entries. First heat Crocker, Grainger, Parker. Second heat Maher, Ward, McLean. Final heat Crocker (£6), Maher (£2), Ward (£1). THREE-LEGGED RACE (150yds.) Five entries. Won by Salisbury and Parker, 10s. THREE MILE BICYCLE RACE HANDICAP. Eight entries. On account of the bad condition of the ground only two men accepted, and after a vexatious delay were started, finishing thus R. Phillips, 880yds. 1 (£3); Belbin, 300yds., 2.. , ' 100YDS. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE Nine entries. Donovan, ' 1 (£5) ; Coleman, 2 (3) : Parker, 3 (£1). HORSE JUSIPINO.-Nine starters. Little Jack, 1 (£5) ; Archdeacon. 2 (£21. Some alarm was created in this contest by Merry maid knocking down and riding over Mr. Dominic Brennan, who unfortunately got in the way. Beyond a shock to the system, and a bruise or two on the head, no harm has resulted. The other advertised events Pea Puzzle, Obstacle Race, and Handicap Flat Race did not come off, and the proceedings came to a close about 7 o'clock. A great deal of time was wasted during the afternoon. 'No doubt the committee will manage better next year. A concert in aid of the Sports Fund took place at the Library Hall in the evening. The house was moderately filled, the receipts being about £8. Mr. A. Drew, NG of the lodge, presided.- The programme consisted of a pianoforte duet by the Misses Phillips. Songs "Coming through the eye " and " The old folks at home," Mrs. O'Meara ; " Far away " and an encore, Mrs. S. Scott ; "Queen of the earth " and " Vanity, " Mr. Harington ; " Irish Schoolmaster," " Call her back and kiss her, Mr. Drew; reading, "High art music," Mr. S. Phillips ; pianoforte solo, " Canary bird quadrille," Miss Drew. The second part was an entertainment by the Westbury Minstrels who sang a number of melodies to the accompaniment of Mrs G. Ralph, A stump speech was delivered by J. Best, and a step dance by T. Alexander, the whole concluding with a farce Grand- mother's Ghost. March 19. I . As the turf club formed last year was found to be in an unsatisfactory condition, a meeting was convened for Monday night, 19th inst., in the Library Hall. There was an excellent muster of the right sort, and Mr. G. Joy was voted to the chair. - Business was transacted promptly with the result that a new club was formed, called the Westbury Turf Club. President The Hon. T. Reibey, M.H.A. Vice-presidents: Messrs. John Martin, H. R. Falkiner, and John Symmons. Hon. Treasurer: Mr. G, Joy. Secretary: Mr. R. D. Field Committee : , Messrs. J, Holliday, sen., W. Bennett, W. Smith, J. W. Phillips, T. Keating, M. Ryan, J. Best, and T. Harding. It was decided that the annual subscription shall be one guinea, and that the first race meeting should take place on the 25th April next. An excellent course has been secured on Mr. Hegarty's land, not far from the township. ' ' , A committee meeting was held at the close of the public meeting when a programme of races was arranged, and other matters of detail decided upon, full particulars of which will be duly advertised in a few days. The days are warm, but the nights are bitterly cold. No sign of rain on the plains although squalls are to be seen passing over the mountains every few days. r A cake and agricultural produce show in aid of the Chancel Fund of St. Andrew's Anglican Church is to be held - on Easter, Tuesday. March 20 