fLeltgtmta gUtos* EMANUEL SWEDENBORG: HIS WORK. Sunday, January 29 .bsiog the 200th anniversary of the birth of Emanuel Swedeaborg, the Rev. E. G. Day, pastor of the New Church, Hanson-street, delivered two discourses, based on words from John L G— " There was a man sent from God whose name was John." John, he said, had been sent to announce the advent of Jehovah i i the flesh, and the testimony he bore concerning Christ was accepted by those who listened to his teaching and submitted to his baptiEDi. There were many others, " KingB and leaders, prophets, seers, penmen of the Sacred Word," that were aent by God to bear witness of the coming light. Some did miracles and some did not, yet they were acceptedae teachers sent fromGod "by all who were willing and obedient to the heavenly vision" they declared. But many persons believed that 200 years ago God sent into the world £jtnanuei Swedenborg to stand in precisely the same relation to the Christian world that John the Baptist stood to the Jewish Church and people. John announced the first advent of Jehovah in the flesh; Swedenborg was sent to announce the second advent of Je*us Christ. He would review the work Swedenborg did in the world as the iceesenger of God's second advent. It was not until 1745 that the opening of his spiritual sight was fully effected, bat there was ground fcr concluding that although the Lord appeared _ to him at the time, yet his immediate preparation and the opening of his spiritual sight were operations extending over several j earn. It was now generally conceded by his biographers and those best acquainted with his scientific and theological works that Swedenborg was so truly a man sent from God that he was really prepared from hia infancy and during the whole coarse of his life, from the time he took hiB degree in 1709 as .Doctor of Philosophy, and commenced in the following year hiB foreign travel. This travc-l and his duties as assessor in the Mining Department of Sweden all served to perfect bis powers as a natural philosopher, and to deepen profound religious feeling, so that before the opening of hU spiritual sight he was really made a many-sided man, and was especially fitted to become the servant of the Lord Jesus. But even in his childhood, to use his own statement, he was cocEtantly engrossed by reflecting on God, on ealv&tion;, and on the spiritual affections of man. He often revealed things in lus discourse which made his parents dec!are that certainly the angels spoke through bi6 mouth. It waB his greatest delight to converse with the clergy concerning faith. His only belief was that God was the creator and preserver of nature; that He endowed man with understanding, good inclinations, and other gifts derived from those. His theological works added many particulars to that faith, but never questioned it. When his son was 41 years of age Bishop Swedenborg wrote that ''God has to this hour indeed been with Mm." Swedenborg then had no idea of the wonderful experience that was in store for him. But there had been a " continued tendency from the natural to the spiritual, a steady ascension from the sciences towards natural theology, and an acceptance throughout of Biblical revelation.' 1 Is 1744 heaven was opened to him, " the reason why be, a natural philosopher, had been chosen for the office being that spiritual knowledge might be easily learned and naturally understood, because spiritual truthB answer to. natural ones, which originate, flow from, and s^rve aa a foundation for them." It would seem that he expected the kingdom of God to come npon him in the shape of clear principles deduced from all human knowledge, a scientific religion resting os nature, and revelation interpreted by analysis ana synthesis bom the ground of a pore habit and holy life. Hie expectations were marvellously fulfilled. He was indeed a man sent from God, fully He prepared was indeed and supplied a man with sent knowledge and ability. Nothing short of the fallest ' from acknowledgment of Swedenborg's mission would open men's minds to the reception of tbe troths of the eternal Word, for the revelation of those truths by the Lord through the instrumentality of Swedenborg waa what really constituted His second advent—a fulfilment of the promise He made to His disciples, " Hereafter I will show yon plainly of the Father." The information must needk be given to men by some man who bad been especially prepared by the Lord. Open vision waa a necessity in Swedenborg's case in order that the information given by the Lord might he spiritually seen and rationally understood. In that Swedenborg differed from the prophets of old, as it was not necessary for them to understand the internal senee of what they wrote. What Swedenborg wrote in exposition of the internal sense of that Word was what. God revealed to him as its spiritual meaning. Hence the-authoritative character of the internal sense as given through Swedenborg in the "Arcana Celestia," the "Apocalypse Revealed and Explained," and in tbe summary exposition oi the prophets and Psalms. They were all written while he was under direct spiritual illumination. And so the doctrines revealed to the new Church, which was emphatically the New Jerusalem, were identical with the doctrines of the Holy Word as understood by the angels, being drawn from the literal sense of the Word confirmed and illustrated 5 Jy Its spiritual meaning. Like jchn, Swedenborg was not that Light wbich tbe teaching of each revealed, as Jesus waa the true Light. John cried in the wildernecs of Judea. Swedenborg. by his writings cried in the wilderness ol the Christian Church, which iq bj§ day wfts vw„ MaB t™ w „ w both barren and nncttltivated, dStitute | alike of good and truth. Wllen understood Swedenborg's teachings fed the | practical effect of preparing human minds by j repentance and spiritual purification from j evil to accept the tne Lord's lxirae teaching seacntng by Dy the { Holy Ghost sad - with the baptism of ' fire or the purifisation of lore. Whatever he was or was not, Swedenborg was certainly the servant of the Lord Jesaa Christ, and in all his work had a angle eye to his Master's service. He was taught to make known the revelation of the truths of the Holy Word's internal spiritual sense by the Lord himself. Swedenborg, therefore,. did not originate any of the spiritual ideas which are written in his works and called the " Internal cense." Swedenborg never claimed individual authorship. He was not inspired in the literal sense of the word; his written words became the actual result of his rational perception of those spiritual things which the Lord revealed. Therefore what Swedenborg bad written was really the authorized meaning of the Written Word. No other estimation of Swedenborg's writings would meet bis case. It became necessary that Swedenborg should be enabled to distinguish between the really Inspired book of the Word as haying d the internal sense, and those usually regarded by the professing world aB inspired. Swedenborg accordingly had said that of the sixty-six books forming the volume called the Bible only thirty- fonr were really inspired. In the Old Testament there were the five books of Moses, the Books of JoBhoa, Judges, Samuel, and Kings, the Psalms, and all the Prophets, and in the New Testament the four Gospels and the Revelation. The proof was that his "Arcana Celestia" gave the internal sense of Genesis and Exodus, and lus "Apocalypse Revealed" the internal sense of the last prophetical book—the Revelation—while the "Summary Exposition of the Prophets and Psalms" gave in a brief but understandable form a summary of the internal sense of twenty-two books, and including the posthumous explication of the Apocalypse. Some 13,000 at least passages from all the other books had' been briefly explained, so that any person acquainted with the law of analogy on whish the word was written could decipher the rest. It was not correct to say that Swendenborg rejected the Acts of the Apostles and their twenty-one epistles, for he regarded them as good and useful for the edification of the Church, but not having the internal sense, and were therefore only dogmatic writings. Of the nine other uninspired books Swedenborg regarded Job as a very Book of the Church after the flood; five were mere merely historical, of no very great value compared with the historical books. In the Proverbs andEcclesiastes were some of the wisdom and possibly some of the pessimism of Solomon, while bis song had been long out of the catalogue of inspired books among the learned, and considered only an Eastern love song. The doctrine Swedenborg had given was therefore that without a revelation from the Divine man could not know anything concerning eternal life, nor even anything concerning God, and still less anything concerning love to and faith in Him. Swedenborg's works bad had slow recognition; bat there had been a great change in the ideas of thinking men during the past century concerning the subjects upon which Swedenborg wrote. Swedenborg during his life never attempted to become the leader of a sect, his mission was to write, and give to the world that internal sense of the written word which the Lord had revealed through him. Swedenborg died on Sunday, March 29, 1772. Some three weeks before - that event he took the sacrament of the Lord's Supper from the hands of a Swedish clergyman named Arvid Ferelius, who remarked that "as many persons thought he had endeavoured only to make himself a name by his new theological Ejettm—which object he had indeed attained —he would do well new . ,. , » „ . 3 had indeed attained to tLe worlo, snd to recant »nt to publish either the the whola whole truth • or 2 pert Of H;at he had advanced since ho , m wif Btfbicg mors to ppest trpa the; world. On tearing those words Swedenborg raised himse Jlhal JcgriRht, and placit, his sound hand opca his breast—the ofehff being paralysed—aid with great zsal ard emphasis, "A tone as you see me bBfoei yon, so tree (everything that I hif-s written." A1 that Swedenborg did tf circulate his writings was to sec/, copies to the colleges of learned men. Fifteen years after his deith Borne Separatists joined with Robert HindmireS: and established the Society of the Me* Church fGr public wership in London. Since then 76 other Satieties had been formed; Jbeing in Scctlatd, 1 in Jersey, and 68 ia England, with a memberehip of nearly 6,030. There were 17 Societies for mission worfc, Sunday schools with over 7,000 pupils, and lending libraries containing 19,000 volumes. Similar progress had attended the visible New Church in America, France, Italy, and Sweden. That was not much to boast about, but the author's writings had really only been extant for the last 100 years, and the progress was at least encouraging. The discourse was divided into two portions, one being delivered in the morning and the other in the evening. At each service there was a fair attendance. 