I REVIEWS AND MAGAZINES FOB FEBEÜARY. | SECOND NOTICE. Tho February issue of the _ítne.__n¿7i Century con- tains at least one n«vel feature. There is not a singlo duke, marquis, earl, viscount, or baron among the con- tributors to n magazine, the freedom of whose pag.s is popularly supposod to be enjoyed by every distinguished and undistinguished member of tho peeiage. The initial article is "The Struggle for Existen.» : A I Programme," by Professor Huxley. According to the learned scientist, the extinction 'of poverty is the | pressing problem of the day, and its solution is to b_ found in the careful technical education of the peoplo. Under tho titlo of " Chatter or Business ?" Mr. Frank Hill-tho last editor but one of tho Daily News-discusses the impending question of the reform of parliamentary procedure. Mr. Hill has elaborately calculated tho statistics of debate during the last session of the Houso of Commons, with the following interesting result:-"Mr. Speaker and Mr. Courtney had to listen to 11,468 speeches. The followers of Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Parnell mado 7800 ; tho Conservatives and tho Liberal Unionists made only 4100, _ although there are in round numbers 390 Unionist morn bera in the House and only 280 Glad stoniaus and Parnollites. For every 10 speeches mado by supportera of the Government, who form four sevenths of tho House, 29 were made by Gladstonians and Parnellitos, who form three-sevenths of it" From these facts Mr. Hill infers that the only remedy for such deplorable volu- bility is closuro by a bare majority. Miss Octavia Hill, well known for her philanthropic activity at the East end, makes a pathetic appeal for "moro air for London," and the multiplications of accessible open spaces. Mr. Herbert Spencer once again de- molishes his irrepressible opponent, the Duke of Argyll, by "A Counter Criticism," wielding the literary sledge-hammer with the same dexterity and determination as of old. " The present position of the Medical Schism" is dealt with by Dr. Kenneth Millican, who is very angry with our othodox phy- sicians, because they have no dealings with the homoeo- paths. Mr. George Somor Layard undertakes to prove the possibility of living on £700 a year. If wo travol third-class instead of first, ride in omnibuses instead of hansom cabs, smoke pipes instead of cigars, forsake the 6talls for the drcss-ciicle at the theatre, and insist that our wives shall do their own marketing, the thing, ho argues, may bo doue. And, indeed, it may bo said there oro many people who would willingly essay to solve the problem, even with- out the admirablo directions and advice of Mr. Layurd. Mr. J, Stephen Jeans is hopeful and enthusiastic about " the Panama Canal and its prospects," #nd Miss Sewell is pessimistic and despondent about " the Reign of Pedan try in Girls' Schools." Educa- tion, eho belioves, will never follow tho right lines until wo " loam to take our instruction from tho providonco and wisdom of God, inatoad of from tho confused and feeblo conceptions of our own minda," Tho extension of devotional teaching MÍBS Sewoll regards as the one great > requisite of our High schools, for " earnest, sober, practical religion will ultimately do more to awakon tho intolleot than any secular instruction, however valuable." Tho editor of the Conieniporary Seinem has pro- duced a capital Fobruary number, containing threo articles, at least, that should be read by everyone. " Has the Liberal party a future ? " is the quostion asked by Mr. E. Cunninghame Graham, M.P.-now paying, by six week's enforced retirement from the world, the penalty of a quixotic attempt to hold a publio meeting in Trafalgar-square. Speaking as the representative of the Socialists-a party just now par- ticularly anxiaus to bo taken soriously-he îeplies that tho Liberal party is practically without a future, unless it determines to cashier tho " nobodies " who at pro sent direct its councils; "pledge itself to an Eight Hours Bill, institute a municipality for Lon- don, nationalise the land, and commence public works for the unemployed." Of intorest to Englishmen in genoral, and to English missionaries in particular, is an acute anonymous Burvoy of the pro gross and prospects of " Islam and Christianity in India," " Mahomedan proselytism," the writer con- tends, " succeeds in India becauso it leaves its converts Asiatics still; Christian proselytism fails in India because it strives to make of its converts English middle-class men." A review of Mr. Kinglake's " Crimean War " is contributed by Dr. W. H. Bussell, tho pioneer of war correspondents, who writes with exceptional .authority, seeing that ho has "been himself a part o£ what ho saw." As will readily bo conjectured, the veteran "special" is not at all disposed to acquies_o . in the " Eoglan worship " which forms the motive of Mr. Kinglake's work. Only two other papera demand mention., The pen of tho Dean of Peterborough is still occupied in an assiduous ondeavour to demonstrate tho antiquity of the Pontatouch, while an alarmingly erudite disquisition on " The Homeric Hero " is scat by Mr. Gladstone, who invariably turns the comparativo leisure of tho roces_ to profitable literary a.count. ?v ** In the Fortnightly, Sir Charles Dilke gives a further in.talraent of his exposition of the numerical weakness and haphazard organisation of the British army. Tho régulai-, he contends,"can never be moro than partially mobilised either for home or foreign ser- vice, and that only by tho indefenaiblo procesa of rob- bing Peter to pay Paul. The volunteers, the yeomanry, and the militia, on tho other hand, can be of little prac- tical use, even in tho ovent of an invasion, becauso of thoir lamentable and ridiculous deficiencies in field artillory. Future articles are promised, to show in what way our military shortcomings may most easily be ropairod. The paper which comos next in interest ia a lightly -written monograph of Turguenoff-the Russian Henry James-by Mr. Georgo Mooro, best known as tho autbor of that remarkable work of fiction " Tho Mummer's Wife," and as tho literary apostle and high priest of the Improper. The present article, however, may safely be trusted in the hands of youth and innocence without fear that blushes will bo obliged to mantlo on tho cheek of modesty. The remaining contributions to the number aro IOBS conspicuous for excellence. Even Mr. .f. B. Digglo, tho laborious chairman of the London School Board, fails to excite any very absorbing in- terest in tho question of the abolition of school fees. " Beauty, Composition, Expression, Characterisation," in art, are treated by Mr. John Addington Symonds, who would be more uniformly readable if he could escape occasionally from his high-strung pitch of alliterative intensity, and write less in the style of an agonised sibyl, delivering the everlasting oracles of inevitable fate. M. F. Howard Collins complains of " The Ways of Orthodox Critics"-Mr. W. S. Lilly and tho Itov. T. Llewellyn Davis, to wit-who have unfairly fallon foul of Mr. Herbert Spencer. The article will bo of moro interest te philosophers-a small, although, per- haps, a growing class of the community-than to the genoral reading public Mrs. Lynn Linton writes of " Italian Women in the Middle Ages," a subjoct which docs not palpitato with actuality ; while Mr. Frederic W. H. Myers sends " A Cosmic HiBtory" in verse, which is probably excellent, and unmiatakably mysterious. February marks the beginning of a new volumo of the evergreon Chambers's Journal. The aerial story is from the pen of Mr. Grant Allon, who won his Bpurs in fiction by "Philistia," a novel which first appeared in tho pagoa of Belgravia some years since, and attained to very considerable popularity. " This Mortal Coil," as the new tolo is called, treats of tho loves and struggles of a Bohemian brothorhoou of uwocognisod geniuses in every lino of greatness, and is full of that smart but genial cynicism which Mr. Grant Allon has mado peculiarly his own. A completo novelette, " The Golden Incubus," is contributed by Mr. I George Manvillo Fenn ; and light articles, replete with ] facts, are givon on a variety of topics, all of which will bo of interest lo somebody, including " Walloon Tradi- tions " and " Odd Actors," " The London Police," and " Kitchen Boilers." Cornhill is nothing if not amusing. Tho best thing in the present number is a story of a corida Uncle Joe-an Oxford man, devoted to tho doctrines of Mr. Iluakin-who consecrated his life to tho htudy of pra-Itaphaulitism, and the business of a tallow chandler. How he engaged himself to ai\idow of con- genial WRtcs, and how his sister, the worldly wife of an unduuful dean who dabbled on the Stock Exchange, discovered that his fiancee was only a musio hall urtiato a£i author is not givon, but one is strongly tompted to sug- gest " auf Grant Allen, aut dialolus." A naturalist con- tributes notes about " A Storm in the Marshes," and a traveller describo, some interesting details of the lifo of " Tho Burr-an at Home." " Poachers and roaching" aro sympathetically treated by some one who regards tho occupation as " one of the fine arts," and insists that " tho most successful poachor is always a specialist," The most interesting papor in Macmillan's Magasine ÍB a personal reminiscent» of the " Early Days of Darwinism," by Professor Newton, the distinguished occupant of the chair of zoology at Cambridge Univer- sity. Among other things, Mr. Nerv ton alludes to a delightful passngo of arms upon tho subject between Bishop Wilberforce and Professor Huxloy at a gather- ing at Oxford of tho British association. " I, for mj part," said tho Bishop, " am content to find my first parents in the garden called Eden. Other people, if thoy chooso, may sock theirs in tho garden called Zoological" Tho professor was greatly incensed at tho insinuation, and replied, portinontly rathor than politely, " I for my part, would rather bo descended from an apo than from a bishop." " Virgil in English Verso," a review of Mr, Justice Bowon's recent translation of tho ÜSitoid, by Mr. J. W. Mackail, a young Oxford scholar of mark and merit, is eloquent, appreciative, and judicious. "Robospierro's Love" for Eleonore Duplay is told, briefly but vividly, by Mr. Edmund Knox, while Mr. Honry Jamos's story, " The Roverbetator," will, no doubt, commend itself to that dasB of leaders which docs not Uko fiction to bo loo exciting. Belgravia is a number of moderato interest, neither much above nor much below tho average. Its solid fiction includos instalments of tho two serial stories now running from month to month,, " Untlor Currents," by the author of " Phyllis," &&, and " The Black Hall Ghosts," by Miss SARAH Trrusn. There is yot another story dealing with tho supernatural, " Miss Mas sareone's Ghost," by E. A. Henty, not to be con- founded with Mr. Georgo ITonty, tho famous war cor- respondent Mr. John Loyland following in the foot stops of Mr. Swinburne's drollory, conti ibuto3 an essay entitlod " The Great Crv ptogram of Orlando Tap pleby," tho object of which is to prove, in mock heroic fashion, that the lauieato's "Idylls of tho King" may be traced to the pen of Mr. Bobort Browning, a ridiculous love story being interwoven with tho plot This is poor fooling at tho beat, and somowhat stale. Tho National Review, the Conservativo monthly par excellence, opens with a disquisition by Mr. Goldwin Smith, on" " Conservatism, and Female Suffrage," in which tho learned Anglo-Canadian professor casts his vote against the ladies. Mr. Matthew Arnold-as only Mr. Matthew Arnold can-proses on tho loves of tho poets, as if ho had never heard of Mr. Vondem's '* Amours of Groat Men." Lady John Manners asks " Arc Irish Landownets Idle ?" As a mailor of courso replying to hersolf in tho negative. The wife of the late Postmaster- General gives a list of mngazinos and re- views which, in her view, tho landed gentry oro bound to read, thus adding, it would seem, an added terror to /aristocracy. And, finally, Lady John Manners writes " It could bo wished that those who condemn the rich and powerful could gain a truer insight into the manner in which thoir lives aro spent" To which wo would only add-" Arnon to that sweet prayor." As a rule the national Review is not exactly light reading. Nevertheless, the Fobruary number contains a discur- sivo paper on the " Evolution of Humour," ranging from tho Attic efforts ot tho Athenian drôles to the latest efforts of tho oontomporary comic press. Mr. Traill, one of our foremost journalists aud littera- teurs, proves to demonstration that it Í3 possible to write about humour in a most serious strain. 