ATK DIED %' 10 who 0 words, woeful, woeful day ! Most lamentable day ! most woeful day ! That over, ever, I did yet behold. OdayTodayi'o day! O hateful day Never was seen so black a day as this! *' Romeo and Juliet," not to., see So crooned the old nurse in the play, and doubtless the same melancholy dirge, with variations more or less, was charged by five people out of six on Saturday. The area of population was a large one over which the mill of disaster hung. The resident in city or suburbs who are of in decent time on Saturday morning and Surveyed The state of the weather, as the Anglo-Saxons do when they get out of bed, must have been struck with the exceptional atmospheric surroundings. The impression, no doubt, was that the surround lines had the host of it, and that the atmosphere was out of it for the day, and had resigned in favour of dust and _ ashes. However advisable it may be to moralise on the fact of our ultimate condition being a conglomerate of dust and ashes, we can fairly be content with meta- physical study, and let the practical pass by. On this doleful Saturday we breathed dust and ashes, we were coated with dust and ashes, and probably we carried about with us the corpses of innumerable microbes in the tops of our hats and the webbing of our stockings throughout the day, in the form of dust and ashes, thereby turning ourselves into perambulating cemeteries. The railway travellers from the suburbs who ventured early into town and had the opportunity of conversing on 'bus and tram with those who had come in from far inland had their ears tingled with harrowing recitals of the perils through which these travellers had emerged. Blistered railway carriages and a general shaped appearance of those who had just assailed from them, amply testified to the tales of woe. The thermometer on Saturday stood at something like a hundred Fahrenheit. It might have been a thousand for aught our nation of Salamanders care. Eighteen men ran four miles in compiling 162 runs on the Association Ground in a cricket match. How far those men who tried to stop them is not to he calculated by any machine from that of Babbage downwards. How far the man who hit the ball could see it after it commenced its travels in such a haze it is hard to say. A team of Banners would probably have exhausted the stock of cricket balls in the city shops, by hitting them into space, beyond the range of human vision. Whether there was any football or not one does not know, but it is very likely. Sixteen men pulled a boat race, and one batch covered three miles-it very likely is more in some seventeen minutes. The Maoris, who know nothing about temperatures of a hundred in the shade in their native lairs, Unless they tumble into a hot geyser, or "o in for their kind of a Turkish bath, and a whereupon, went through their shrieking and sal- tatory exercises at Bondi, setting heat, dust, and ashes at defiance Everybody was equal to the occasion, and why not we ? Let us get afloat, There should be case for tortured livers and parched palates on the water. Humidity must surely be found somewhere. When Horace warned us of our fate and wrote, " Oras ingens item Umus equator," he clearly imagined the vasty deep to be the river Styx.. Why not try to realise the situation of those from ted ghosts which haunt the Stygian Shore ?" Or if we want to modernise our Latinity why not pass on to Dante, and try to divine what yachting on the Infernal Lakes would be like? Cultured companions -arcades aforesaid "We will do so," and we leave the parching, dust-laden, heat of the city and try what a " blow down the harbour " will do for shrivelled humanity. It really seems the only thing to do under the Tartarean circumstances. Circular Quay is our point of departure. The labourers in wool and hides, and the samples of tallow and beeswax, have gone their wicked way and left their merchandise to melt and former, as the case may be. The rats are holding high jinks in the deserted collars, for Saturday is a picnicking kind of day for them, and they invite their friends from the sowers to" partake of a more luxurious fare. The Quay is deserted by everybody who has anything to do, save tenders for the harbour steamers, and to one of these brazen confined gentry we apply for tickets to voyage round our\i)Dautiful harbour," and see what we can of it in a dry fog." It would be a great relief to us to know, at the present juncture,. what the name of Charon's boat was, in which he plied for passengers over the Styx, because our particular Charon be amply fulfilled the conditions of imagination. The Greek authors always treated Charon as a humourist, and our Charon was one of a special type. He laughed at sextants, chronometers, barometers, and compass. The only scientific instrument he pinned his faith upon was apparently a glass tube, in which the water bubbled to show how much of that element he had in his boiler. Even in this he was guided by the advice of a colleague, who passed his life midst oil and vapour. These things, only in an indirect way, assist the scientific navigator. But the Church of the harbour is equal to any emergency without the aid of science, and his mode of steering his back to the haven of rest does not depend in any way on astronomical or meteorological observations. He decides eclipses of sun, moon, and planets, as he goes by the light of nature which has nothing to do with celestial constellations. It was interesting to observe how he proceeded to got from Circular Quay to Watson's Bay, and his method is worthy of note owing to its being carried out under untoward and particularly exceptional circumstances. It is very clear that if you cannot see any bearings, the only thing is to feel for them, and this our Charon did by starling atom first to discover what was behind him. It proved to be the broad side of the Orient steamer lying off Flood's stores. Wo paused after the information was obtained for the purpose of considering what land- mark lay at the opposite side of the Quay, which was by this time hidden in mist and haze. Going full speed ahead for a few minutes it was discovered to be the bows of the German mail steamer with the Seamen's Bethel as a background. It was clear that the eye was not to be relied upon, and the nose was accordingly tried instead, and as the scent was strong in the direction of the Fort Macquarie sewer, the mouth of that interesting output was soon matched by a kind of tick. So successful was this mode of nasal navigation that another highly flavoured scent was sniffed on the other side of the harbour, which proved to arise from a smouldering heap of manure and offal which was being burned at the sheep quarantine ground. The nose, however, at this point ceased to act as a guide, as we were out of the range of smells and the steamer's head was turned into the fog, and it is presumed that the aid of Providence was invoked. Be that as it may, our bark sped on its wild career. The horn of the Syrian was heard on the wave, and as we did not hit anybody afloat, it is presumed that they got out of our way. We pass through a fleet of half deckers and cockboats which are taking part in a regatta. There is little or no wind ; but that does not seem to matter at regattas. From advices from the Observatory, the wind was expected about sundown. It came sure enough, but what became of the mariners in flannels we did not learn. It was very exhilarating to hear our fellow passengers describing to divers country cousins Buch points of interest as they could see now and again coming out of the base. There was not much time to look at them, as no sooner did Charon on the bridge catch fight of one ahead than he turned round the other way, and followed a zig-zag course. This, no doubt, caused elderly amateur sea-faring persons to mistake Shark Wand for Pinchgut, and the Sow and Pigs for Manly. However, we got to Watson's Bay at last, Md after the experience of a dry fog in the harbour, we may say that an accomplished harbour navigator could find you in any part of it in the thickest feather, unless he should happen to miss his way and and himself outside the Heads. In such case the subsequent proceedings would not be likely to interest you, as it is pretty certain he would soon find his way I inside again. Watson's Bay is very much in the same state as it has been for many years. Any amount of people go there, but none of them over slop. Trees and shrubs appear to 8.rt_ol',nlj" is one SPot' which reminds us of" one of »io,".;b.icioi1 groves telected by pious hermits and anchor tons of old. There may be one living in this one. The view from "Watson's" would have been very fine, and a comprehensive idea been gained of what the fellow looked like in a fog, if we could only have seen anything. There is not much in a view when there is nothing to see. To a certain extent you sew so, but only in the way that the Egyptians Saw him darkness-that is to say-by feeling it. is- you gazed at that copper-coloured lozenge in the sky overhead, which appeared as if someone had nibbled the side off", you failed to notice the fact of its being the sun, and inclined to the belief that it was a railway signal with the 'danger lamp turned on. You felt that it would have been better never to have read Campbell's poetry, especially the " Last Man." It was also a mistake to have studied Martin or Dors in canvas. But the Sandford and Merton party who were digging up molluscs and crustacea under the direction of divers Mr. Barlow's, more or less venerable and scientific, cared for none of those things. They were hungering and thirsting after natural historical knowledge, and reach ing their young disciples the difference between natural antenna and mandibles by the simple process of picking up any marine creatures they spied about, and finding out whether they bit or not. If the creature did bite, then it had a mandible and if it did not, then wore its legs or tentacles, or whatever they might be, merely for use in become a tion, and not for offensive purposes. Watson's Bay, , as a locality, is not very famous in colonial history, so far, but it may be hereafter. Military savants tell us that, if over enemies invade us, this is the spot at which they will land. If they do, possibly the inhabitants may be able to induce them to stop them. Hitherto they seem to have been by no no means successful in persuading their friends to do so. The chances, however, are against a lengthened stay by any stranger should there be any fogs about it. 