MISCELLANY. CuBttEjfT ldTEBATC&& — Recipes for poddtngs. Always laugh at your own jokes. If you want anything done w«l do ityourself. " It is thaiittie things that tell." says an old adage. Yes, especially the tittle brothers. The moat"nnkipdeBt cnt of all is to be found in the average 30;shilling suit of clothes. These is no beitaxntte for dyspepsia than the knowledge that there' a hdth.ng to cat in the house. A countby -paper contains tlie following satisfactory announcement" A number of deaths are unavoidably postponed." The truly helpful wife is the one who al ways returns her husband's pencil when she borrows it. She has not been horn yet. It may be some consolation to a man to feel that if he everistheoauaeafa mourning bonnet being worn the price will make no difference to him. " What kind of boys-go to heaven V asked the Sunday-school superintendent "Dead boys," cried the youngest member of the infant class. Mother—" Now, Emma, what is the tenth command men t V Kinina, aged five—" The same aa it was last Sunday." What can give such a finish to a room as a tender woman1# teoaf" asks a writer. A tender woman's scrubbing brash. A Macistbate once consoled a man who complained that justice bad not been done him by the remark that it was " very lucky for him." Young Medical Student (to old doctor)— "The profession does not pnietloe bleeding a patient nowadays to any extent* does it, doctor!" Old Doctor (slyly)—" Not with the lancet." Pbofkssor—" What is your opinion con cerning Caw's plans just before his death T Student—" Oh, I entirely agree with your views, pro cessor." A utile boy, who had been used to re ceiving bis elder brother's old toys and clothes, re cently asked—" lln, shall I have to marry his widow when he dies 7" " I shouldn't care to marry a woman who knows more thas I do," ho remarked. " Oh, Mr. De Sappy," she replied, with a coquettish shake of her fan. "lam afraid you are axso&flrmed.; bachelor." Gold-handled nmhrellaa asp coming into fashion. The handle b so of ranged that it can be taken off. This is an improvement on the old style, where the entire umbrella was taken off. Conversation between two "cultivated" young women:—'" Wasn't the concert lovely V' " Yes, isn't it beautiful to look at thellrst violins, and sec all their arms go 1" It is about an even thingbetween man and the orange -peeL Sometimes. the man throws the orange pqel into the gutter, and sometimes the orange peel throws the man into the gutter. ' Women bave much more Adaptability than iroen. The girl with the tiniest rosebud mouth ean 'hold from four -to. eix- inoh clothespins between her lipson wash-4ay. A Doubting Thomas.—Teacher—'' With the exception of the animals Noah took with him | into the Aw, , every, jiving creature perished in the flood." PwM£ul>Ttommy—"The fishes, too?' I ; Hfi Didn't Mind it.—Landlord (to newly- ] arrived guests)—**1 oen give you a room, but it only contains a single bed." Husband—"Oh, that's all right. • We are used to rooghlng it.' My wife out sleepon ttefloor. I don'tentedftta the toast" WHEn young Lazybones wm reminded that the garden of the olaggard brought forth nothing but weeds and briar* ha, remarked that being so fond oi smoltiag, that was just the sort of garden to suit him. . •. : i Anxioch Wboer^-" Then, air, I have your consent to pay my add resses-toyiour daughter. Ah, iff only thought I could win'her affections F* Eager father—" Why not, my dear Mr,-why not 1 Plenty of others havb soooeeded,'* ; In the High Schpol OF, 1900.—Principal— j" Who was first in war, 11 lefcta peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen f Chorus (by the entire Bphoal^ standing, and with unooyetod heads)—" John < .Burin (exchanging bridal costume for travelling dress)—*" Didlsppear nervous at all daring the ceremony, Oara?' Bridesmaid (envious)—"A little at first, door, but not after George had said' 1 wflL'** : • • wBl>*: A Curious Custom.-vThey have a carious way of wianiog a bride hi Western China, oeootding to the report 61 travellers, though everybody who has travelled muob knows bow nnoerfcain the reports of braveUereara. We h&etl;&ea; ; hesitate to beliere the Veporti we mrichof^Fown' travels. Among the Woe ef China It Is,the eustomforayoung lady who has reason to' believe thateho tebefag sodght o .Atfora bride to climb some bugs trm imd peTch herself on the ^highest hitaolLWe tmteaoetiiey select the * . 1t -tirolianlpnv Then her elder femele . .. istetnhtASwwThutofamea wlfttdi^ dented,, alUldee/i more branches there are to the young woman's family the morehohas to'overcome before he reaches the one on which the fair Lolo perches. Sometimes he fails altogether and retires from the contest, satis fled tbat he has barked up the wrong tree.—Texas Sittings. The Soft Answer—"I have had many peculiar experiences rinoe I eommenoed selling goods, but I shall never forget one of my first attempts. It tanght roe a lesson as to how to handle people, which has been of inestimable value to me ever since. I entered a store, and calling for the proprietor, asked him whether I could show him my samples. He was a surly man, and particularly so on this morning. ' No, I don't want to buy anything,' began the pro. prietor, after I had put my stereotyped speech to him. 'But 1 assure—' 'Do you see thatdoor? said he. ' Yes, sir; but—' ' Git oat i Gitout 1 or I'll put yoa out,' eaidthe man, motioning to the door. I walked slowly out of the door, and turning round, said : 'Say, mister, Will you allow me to stay in New York a couple of days?1 This oonquered nlm. He smiled and 1 smiled. He broke out into a loud laugh, and I walked into the store again. I took tbat man's order for 1&0 dollars worth ol goods, and he is to-day one of my best customers."—Texas Sittings. She Understood Him.—" Madame," he began, as the door opened, " I am selling a new book on etiquette and deportment." "Oh, are you?'she responded. " Oo down there on the grass and (dean the mud off your feet" " Yes'm. As I was saying, ma'am, 1 am ael " " Take off your hat 1 Never address a strange lady at her door without removing your hat." " Yes'm. Now, then, as I was saying—" " Take your hands out of your pookets I No gentle man ever carries his hands there." " Yes'm. Now, ma'am, this work on et " " Throw out your cud. If a gentleman uses tobacoo, he is careful not to dis gust others by the habit." " Yes'm. Now, ma'am, in calling your attention to this valuable " " Wait t Put that dirty handkerchief out of sight and use less grease on your hair. Now you look half [ decent. You have a book on etiquette and deport ment. Very well; I don't want it. I am the hired girt You ban come in, however, and talk with the lady o! the house. She called me a liar this morn ing, and I think she needs something of the kind."— Detroit Free Press. Beau Hickmans Secret.—"Speaking of clever things," said Captain Hassler, who enjoyB the reputation of being one of the best storytellers in public life, " you all remember dear old Beau Hick man, the notorious ' beat' of ante-bellum days, I shall not soon forget my first meeting with him. It was in the early days ol the war. One day a crowd of soldier boys, myself among the number, stepped into the Rotunda at Wiliard's Hotel. The first person we met was Beau, faultlessly dressed and serene, smiling as nsuaL The boys gatberea about him, and began plying him with questions. 1 Tell us, Beau,' said one ;ol the youngsters, ' how you manage to live without workingy 'Ah 1' eaid Beau, drawing him self up stiffly, ' that's a secret, and I don't tell my secrets without being paid for them.' He paused for a moment, and ooolly counted us over and said, ' There are just 16 of you. If you'll chip in a quarter apiece I'll tell you.' In less than 30 seconds 16 shining 25c. pieces were laid in Beau's hand. He satisfied himself that the number was correct, and then, Sliding them deftly into his trousers pocket, he faced about, and 08 he stalked majestically away he added, ' You wanted to know, gentlemen, how I live without working. Well, this is one way. To, ta 1' And then, as he disappeared in the direction of the bar, the boys with one accord shouted, 'Sold, by Jove I' "—New York Herald. Hebe are some humours of the Dublin gal lery, taken from " Murray's Magazine f—One of the funniest scenes I can remember occurred in the old Fishamble- streetTheatre. The play was "Hamlet," and the gallery chaffed the Prince of Denmark un mercifully, especially in the scene with the " ghost," At length Hamlet stepped forward, and addressing the gallery, said, "Look here, me bovoa, if yiz don't step yer eoddin,' me an' the ghost will go up therean' bate the devil out o' the lot iv yiz." But it is the Queen's Theatre which has always held the palm in the matter of gallery chaff. And, indeed, sometimes the Queen's pit broke forth. An old fellow wearing a white hat entered the latter portion of the house one nuht. Why a white hat is such an eyesore to Dublin playgoers I cannot imagine, but eo it is. '* Take off that white hat 1" "Who shot the donkey 7' and other remarks of a like nature greeted the stranger, who didn't appear to take the slightest notiee. The noise In the gallery increased to a regular uproar. Then the old fellow rose, looked up towards the gallery, mid, waving his hand for silence, said "Gentlemen, if yon don't etop this noise, I'll leave the' theatre." A shout of laughter from all parts of the bouse greeted this, and the wearer of the white bat was left in peaoe for the remainder of the evening. I remember a nice comedy being produced at the Queen's. It was written by a Dublin gentle man, and was announced as "A new and original comedy, in which the author will appear." The house was crowded from top to bottom. I think it was during the third eoene in the piece that the autnor, who played the hero, appeared. He was a stout, fat man, very awkward and painfully nervous. His confidence was not restored by a little urchin in the front row of the gallery crying with a scoffing laugh, "Oh! lard save us! there's an author I" As lor Che audience, they simply yelled with laughter. One of the stock company during the management of the late Henry Wcob was » miserable, cadaverous looking man. He had the following line to speak in some piece:—" No, no, dear child, I oould not eat" " Ah, thin, God forbid I was a mutton chop before you," came a voice from the "topi". It was in this famous little theatre that the late Charles Sullivan, best and brightest of Irish comedians and good fellowB, was playing In some pantomime in which a large property eagle was used. In one scene its wing —or rather one of its wings—happened to tall off. There was a ripple of laughter through the house, which was changed into a roar upon Charlie singing out, '* Begorra, the bird's moultinV 