A Tl I TJ S THE LIBYAN. AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. Ciiaptek IX.— The Democeact op Faith. (Continued. J it wbb perfectly natural, therefore, that while both Arius and Theckla were almost children in many respects, they should both be far advanced in religious learning, each of them in harmony with one of the separate eyetems under which they had been reared; and that they should be, in many attitudes of thought and feeling, a pleasing enigma to each other. The girl, although brimful of bright and pleasing fancies, had all her life whatever was taught her as sush, and the .very _ basis of her training had been implicit and unquestioning obedience to authority without reason, so that she had never, perhaps, attempted to exercise an inde pendent ^thought, judgment, or enquiry about any question of religious, political, or social life, her existence having been passed in strict and unconscious conformity to rigid Egyptian customs, into the molds and forms of which she had been fashioned from her infancy. The illness of her mother, which left her to the freedom of thought, expression, and action, characteristic of every Christian household, was a new and intoxicating experience to the girl ; and whatever else it might be possible for her to become, it 'was manifestly impossible that she could ever again reailiate into the moral and social mnmmyism of ordinary Egyptian female life. The bondage of Egypt was broken. But the boy, fixed and immovable in his faith in the few salient and all-important doctrines covered by the Apostles' Creed, as that creed was taught during Ithe first three centuries, as to everything else, had been freed by bis training from the shackles of authority, and bo unconsciously enjoyed and exercised ' the liberty of the gospel ' in which he had been reared by questioning, investigating, trying every phenomenon — social, religious, and political— that came within the range of bis observation and experience. Am-nem-hat imagined that in these two youth! ul but well- instructed young people he beheld the living incarnation of the opposing civilisations under which they had been reared ; and it was a pathetic and beautiful thing to see with what eager intentness he noted almoEt every inflection of their voices, every expression of their countenances, almost every peculiar turn and change of their thoughts, while he encouraged them to talk, hardly caring what might be the subject of their con versation. At the beginning of their little feast the ancient eaid: — 'Arius, if ye Christians have any custom of thank- offering, prayer, or libations before ye partake of food I would deeireto iiave thee performer repeat it now,' Then answered Arias— 'We make no liba tion or offering, nor are we restricted t3 any eet formula for returning thanks to God, bat generally we repeat the Pater e-moti.' ' Wilt thou do bo no w V Tuen the boy said, 'Yea, gladly;' and while they watched him narrowly he solemnly said, ' Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name; Thy kingdom come; Thy will be done on earth as in heaven. Give ub daily our daily bread ; and forgive us our debts as we forgive debtors ; and let us not be led into trial, but deliver us from trouble ; for Thine is the kingdom, and tbe power, and the truth for ever.' Then said Am nem-hat, ' Theckla, what form of worship haet thou been taught to ob eerve before partakjog of thy daily food?' And the girl eaid, 'On solemn occasions, our fathers make libations; but it is not according to Egyptian customs, or religion, for a female to meddle with any sacred rite, be yond her own private devotions, as thon, O priest, must assuredly know.' ? Dost thou know the reason, Theckla, that woman is thus excluded, not only from partici pation in the sacred rites, but from every plase that is inconsistent with the idea that Bbe must of necessity be either a slave or a domestic pet, having right to existence only as the appanage of a man upon whom she is dependent as slave, wife, or daughter?' 'Nay,' she answered ; 'but I have been so taught, and, therefore, it must ba right and proper.' *'I will tell thee, Theckla, for it is verily a thing which every female ought to know. Tha reason of it is that the original idea of God was that of a dual being, equally divine and glorious in both aspects of his double nature. But nearly ali nations, as they sank deeper and deeper into idolatory, degraded the femi nine conception of this dualism, and some of them utterly lost it. In Kgypt they have held Hes to be consort of Hesiri, and although inferior to him yet entitled to great honor. Hence the Egyptian women have never been shut up, kept in seclusion and ignorance, and esteemed only as slaves or as chattels, as ia universally the case among nations that have entirely fallen away from the divine troth. But I tell thee, Theckla, that the religion of the Christians alone maintains the absolute equality of the Godhead, by maintaining the Holy Ghost, the Mother of Nature, to be ctra subEtantial with the Father, and henca it alone elevates woman to her true position, and endows her with responsibility, respect and honor, rights and duties ; so that, although all men on eaith should reject and curse the Christ, every woman, who iB trua to herself and to her sex, should cleave unto Him in spite of pain and even death itself. Do thou remember these things, Theckla ; and when thou shalt eee with what respect, honor, and love the Christian husband treateth his wife and daughters, remember thou that the vast difference between them and other men in that regard ariseth not out of any difference in the nature or disposition of the individuals, but out of the difference in their religion only ; for that faith regardeth women as persons, not as things. Forget not these truths. Taeckla ; for, whether it be true or false, Christianity alone bath ever done justice to womanhood, wifehood, maternity : and the woman who does not love and followJeeus betrayeth herself and her sex.' 'Surely thou, also, art a Christian!' said the young girl, ' Nay,' answered Am-nem-hat ; ' I say not that to thee ! For I cannot understand what it is to be a Christian. But, having carefully studied this religion as I have done all others known among mankind, I do solemnly assure thee that it iB the only one on earth that is fair and just to chaste and intelli gent women. For it teacheth that the equal, consubstantial Holy Spirit conceived a Saviour that was virgin born ; and it so serveth to redeem all womanhood from centuries of contempt and degradation ; for no man who hath an intelligent faith in Christianity can ever regard woman as the mere instrument of his pleasure, or as the mere slave of his will, but as a frisnd, helpmate, and companion, worthy . of love, honor, and respect ; so that, whether it be true or false, every woman should cleave thereto, because it is for her, at least, temporal salvation. For Christianity differeth as radically from all other religions in regard to the esteem in which it holdeth women as it does in regard to slavery and to the poor. And while the rich and the great may hate this system be cause it would deprive them of the Bocial and political precedence which every other religion maintaineth for them, the slaves, the poor, and the women should never forget that Jesus Christ is the truest friend they ever had on earth.' Then said Ariua, 'Father Am-nem-hat, why art pot thou a Christian, haying views of our religion that are so wise and just?'' And the old man answered, ' That thing, my son, I cannot tell thee, nor can I compre hend it for myself. I cannot understand what is tbe precise attitude of mine own spirit toward Christianity. Canst though instruct me?' 11 Nay, verily,' said Anns. ' In my heart I yearn for the power to Bay something that might open thine eyes onto the light ; bat my email knowledge and experience serve not to enable me to understand how it is possible that cne bo aged and wise, bo well instructed in our Lord's own teachings, can fail to be a Christian. But my father was an idolater in his youth, and he is learned in our religion. If thou wilt go home with us, thou ehalt be received with honor and affection, and he, perhaps, can give thee aid. Wilt tbon not go ?' 'I thank thee much,' said Am-nem-hat. ' But the way is long and the mountain steep for one bo old as L And besides, it Beemeth to me that, if human knowledge and patient thought could extort any final truth out of the mute lips of Nature, even I could have made her speak !' ' But,' said the boy, 'the tree of knowledge is not that of life. Even the most ignorant and depraved find peace in believing, and I have met with none so wise as thou. If thou wilt come to us I will bring hither on to-morrow a she-ass, gentle and sure of foot, which my mother is accustomed to ride, and will walk beside thee to our home if only thon wilt come.' ' Yea,' cried Theckla, ' thou must aurely come, for I will tell nay mother chat I have met the high- priest of Ombos, and ebe will long much to Bee thee.' Then Am-Dem hat, as if overpowered by their persuasions, replied — ' You are both so kind to an old and lonely man that I cannot resist your entreaties, and will even do aB ye desire, for ye know not what pleasure the old may derive from the polite and heaity attentions of the young.' Then the two young people bade the old man a kind farewell, and with the light heart of youth and health took their way homeward down tte mountain. And when they had corce to the edge of the pasture land they met with some of tbe cattle, and among them was the young bull-calf who3e peculiar markings had bo excited the wonder and superstition of Theckla ; and AriuB cried out, laughingly, ' Lo, Theckla ) there is thy god, and tbon ehalt ride home upon the back of the beast.' And he cut a long withe aad fastened it upon the hornB of the bull, and led np the gentle beast, and seizing the youog girl in his arms he lifted her astnde of the fat, round calf, and led him along. And when Arius mocked and ridiculed the young Apis the girl joined in hU merriment, and he was glad to see that she was fast losing all EuperBtitious reverence for the brute and for all the other pagan deities ; for her growing contempt for Apis necessarily struck at her reverence for the whole system, of which a bull with a black hide, a triangular white spot on his forehead, a spread-eagle in in the hair of his back, a crescent white spot upon his eide, and a knob like a ecarabsens under his tongue was so important a part. When they had reached that part of the pasture which was nearest to the house Theckla Bprang from the animal's back, and, with some lingering doubt of ihis divinity still troubling her mind, she said — 'Arius, I really wonder whether the Apis had a knob under his tongue in the shape of a scarabaeas ? Wilt thou not look into bis mouth?'1 'I know not that,' said the boy; 'but if he bath not a rather odd-looking spot under his tongue he is the only boll cajf I ever saw that hath it not ; and I suppoBe it would be easy to irritate and inflame this spot until it would look like a natural knob about as large as a good lively beetle.' ' I had never thought it might be possible for the prieBts to so deceive any one,' said Theckla. 'Perhaps they did not do so,' answered the boy ; ' but they may bave been deceived by the cunning of those who had such beasts and desired to Eell them.' Theckla Ei'gbed, but her reverence for Apis and for all of his mysteries was utterly gone forever. (To bc continued. ) 