iUexIciltl JIu II JFItflit, Tiie hideous calamity which has just boon reported from a. Mexican city, at a hull-light, ought to havo somo effect in bringing about n ooniploto suppression of tho extraordinary pastime. Butonly n very sanguine person indeed can havo nny firm faith in tho early prrival of so desirable nn ovont. Tlio lovo of the hull-fight is deeply rooted in tho Spanish nature, and tho Sloxicnn naturo'istho pure Spanish nature roughened and vul garised. It is not truo, indeod, that all educated Mexicans, nny moro than all oducatod Spaniards, approvo of tho bull-fight. Thero aro Spaniards in Madrid nud in Sovillo who will not allow tho women of thoir families to attend a bull-fight, and no doubt thoro nro some Mexicans who adopt tlio samo principlo. But these reformers aro said to bo considered a littlo nustrro and puritanical, ovon, wo fear, by somo of tho ladies of their own households, . Thoy nro regarded vory muoh as an Englishman would bo rognrdod who forbado his wifo nud daughters to attend a performance of a Frenoh : opera buuff'v. Yet the horrors of tlio bull-fight oven in in Spain, can r hardly bo exaggerated, and in Bpain tho wliolp thing is Bysteinntiscd and regulated and in a mattor which would bo hardly possible in most of tlio mvxican towns. Englishmen in Spnin and in Moxico usually go to seo at lunHt ono bull-fight, Some novor go again j somo go again and again. Tho moro speotaclo boforo tho first bull comes out into tho arena is un doubtedly a magnificent sight. Tho oity itsolf, on tho day of tho hull fight, is a ouriouH scene. Nothing in an English city, nothing in tho way of a publto holiday here, displays anything liko tho samo dcgrco of publio oxoiiomont. Even if Epsom woro in tho immcdiato suburbs of London, ncoefisiblo by a short drivo in a cab, London would not present tlio somo nppearnnco on tho Derby Dny ns that proaouted by Madrid or Seville or eomo Mexicnn towns on tbo dny of n bull-fight Tlio wholo popula tion streams out to tho show. Tho city cmptioH ilnelf on to tho thoroughfares which leaf! to tho nronn. Evory omnibus and tramear is covored with liugo letters which tell thnt it is hound for " tho hulls." Tlio day is a Sunday or a holi day of some kind, and everybody is at leisure to go to tho hull-fight, and, spenking roughly, wo may say that overybody goes thero. Tho orona is, as wo have said, a magnificent Biglit bo foro tho bull-fighting begins. The vast nmpliithentro has an opon roof'— it is roally roofod by tho bluo, bright, cloud less Rky. Evory 6ent is tilled. Tho bottor seats, for which tho highor prices aro paid, aro naturally thoso on tho side whoro during tho timo of tho fight tho shndow is euro to rost. Tho sido tho sun is on is mado cheap and uncomfort- ablo by tho almost blinding gloro. Tho brightest dresses, tho most varied colors, tho picturosquo garb, not only of tho women but of tho men, add to tbo animation of tho sccno, A stranger who doos not feel that he is committing a moral offonco by sanctioning tho show ovon by his preliminary prcsonco would do well to survoy tho vast amphithoatro boforo tho work of hlnod begins. Tho moment of iutensost Anxiety for thoso who stay is wheu the doors of tho pnsHago leading to what wo may call tbo don, or prison, of tho bulls, are thrown open, nnd tho first hull is to como in. In Spain the appointed moment is, an a rule, vory punctually kept j in Moxico punctuality is not so cortain. Tho mounted fighters nro on their horsos ; nnd very sorry brutes tlio horsos aro, Thoy are usually animals on thoir last lege — animals who, in tho ordinary courso of things, ought to bo on thoir way to the knacker's yard. Tho sympa thy of most Ntraugors — of all English men — is given from first to last to iheso doomed nnd unhappy horses, thoso walk ing filcolctoiiH, tlicHo living ghosts of horses. Thcrefuro somo Spaniards, and some Mexicans too, endeavour to plead for tho sport by pointing out that tho horacs would have to dio very soon any how, nnd thnt they might ah well dio in tlio arena nnd afford somo amusement to civilized and Christian man. Tho poor horses, of course,' do not fight ; thoy only stand up or limp about to -bo killed, Tltoj nro partially l>limlfol<l«iI, for if they could sco that they wore being' ridden at tho bull no forco <>f spurring would drive them to tho charge. Tlio riders arc Foi tho most part pretty solo. Their bodies and logs are covered ami shciithed in tho thickest padding. Only when a bull turns horse and rider over in tlio anuia is tho mounted fighter likely to ho hurt, and then bo will bo hurt by bruises rather thau by horns. Tlio swift and dexterous pedestrian fighters, tho men with tho swords and the blood-red cloaks and tho fireworks, arc sure to rush in and divert tho attention of tho unfor tunate bull from tho overturned cavalier. Meanwhile, wo nro anticipating. Tho doors have bcon flung open, but tho first bull has not yet como out. Every oyo is turned, every thought is strained, to tho spot from which he is to rush into the arena. Theophilo Gautior lias mado tho truthful remark that the tuost beautiful womau in tho world might cotno. in to take hor seat at that moment without diverting ono single glance from the opening through which tho first bull is to rush. For those who linvo no relish for tbo more horrors of the scene ovory- thing is an anti-climax after that moment of BuspcnBO, that moment of strained, jntensiucu, almost ngomscu uxpuciuwuu of tbo coming of the first bull. Will ho flash into tho arena like a thunderbolt? Will ho rush at his enemies like some dospcrnte gladiator, cngor but to kill boforo he is killed, Tho bull does not always ruk. Vory often ho trots in heavily, confused by tho wholo scono, not well knowing what to mako of it. oil, or why bo is thcro ; his fighting instinct suppressed by his mere porploxity and discomfort. Then tho horsemen mako up to him, and then he gets angry at t<ioir rude intrusiveness and tho fighting instinct is alivo and awako again. Tho horsemen, in Spain at least, arc only allowed to prod him with spears tho points of which can draw blood but cannot kill. Via are speaking now of tho ordinary public bull-fight There aro bull-fights some times on grout occasions, when "gentlemen riders," as we may call them, present themselves on their own horses, and nro allowed to defend thomselves and thoir animals tbo best way they can, and to kill tho bull as quickly as they may. Thoro are, too, minor bull-fights in which tbo horns of the bull aro made harmless, as tho foil is mado harmloss by tho button, and not much hurt is done in any way. But tbo ordinary hull-fight is conducted as we have described it, and the death of the bull is reserved for tbo dexterous band and blado of the pedestrian swordsman, who must kill with'u single touch. The swordsman has to wait ub opportunity, skip this way and that if ho is pressed too closely by his enemy, vault with consummate acrobatic dexterity OAor tho barriers which gird tho arena, and then snrinf? bnek fo tho fifriit nirnin. and liido his time and chance. When ho gats his -ohanco tbo sword flashes downward, with bo light and easy a descent that its owner seoms as if ho had thrown it earolcssly out of his hand, and it piorcos tho vital point, and the combatant bull drops dead as suddenly as if tho levin from tho thunderoloud hod struck him. Tho dexterity and swiftness of tho pedestrian fighters make tbo solo rcdeoming feature of tho show. Tho horsomen aro prac- tioally eafo : tho horsos are morely gored to death, Tiie unsuccessful Bwordsman IB hissed and hooted : tho one whose point tolls truo is cheered to tbo echo ; and in Spain handfulls of cigars aro sboworcd upon him, os bouquets aro pelted at a great actress or singer in an English theatre. Often, in Mexico, coins and ornnmonts aro flung as well, Tho unfortunate bull hates tho fight as often as not. Sometimes ho will not fight ; ho trots discon- cernedly away to tho other side of tho arena, and is merely followed up and killed. When ho docs fight, ho shows all tho native heaviness of com prehension that belongs to his bovine nature. Many a bull might make carnage ot his persecutors if only lio would open his eyes and his understand ing to tho fact that when hie enemy waves a rod cloak in his face, he ought to let drive at tho enomy, and not at tho oloak. Tho bull-dog would not long make a mistako of that kind. Ho would soon Bee that tho mail who waved tho cloak was tho object to go for, and not tho harmloBS red rag iteclf. But tho combativo intelligence of tho bull will not riso to tbiB, and ho makes for tbo fluttering cloak again and again until ho lays himsolf open to the unerring thrust of a fatal sword. The horrors of the arena, the mangled horses, tho bleeding and staggering bulls wo ncod not dwell on ; evorybody knows about them. Nobody from those countries who has seen them desires to think over thom. Tho fearful scono whicn has tnkon place, or is reported to have taken place, in tho Mexican city, might scorn as if it wero meant to illustrato the vengeance of tbo bull on his human persecutors. The slaughter, dreadful as it was, might bear good with it, it it could only bring about tho suppression of the bull-fights oven Mexico. But thoro will be bull- iights in yet in Mexico and in Spain. — London Daily News. 