NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. The first item on last night's programme wets a set-to between Mr. Gormly and the Go tcrnment. The bout occupied nearly the whede of the time devoted to private busi ness, and eventuated in Mr. Gormly sending his opponents heavily to grass nfter a long and severe tussle. Ho moved — " That in tho opi.vion of this House it is desirable to proceed with the construction of works for the purptise of conserving water in Lake Cudgelico -and the Lower Lachian River." The Mimstlry took up the gage of battle on this question with a light heart, Mr. Abigail undertaking ,to polish off the proud invader of their political domains single-handed. It was not deiurabie for the House to meddle at all in the -matter, ho contended, but to trust in the wisdom of the Government and hope for tho b-.tat- He asked Mr. Gormly, therefore, to witi\i'rnw his motion and save himself a politi'gnl drubbing by going away. Mr. Gormly would see tho Government any-thinged at all .Grst. If they bit their thumbs at him he wr\s for them. And with that the grapple begmu. Lake Cudgelico, according to Mr. Goi'taly, is one of the finest lakes outside the County Kerry. It has only one drawback to mar its perfection that is total lack of watar. Now, the best lake in the world would Uud itself severely handicapped by such it defect as this. Cudgelico, therefore, war not to be sneered at on that account. A lake with out water is about a3 tanttviising a thing whisky bottle to the past-master of the temperance lodge when nobody is looking. What Mr. Gormly wanted was 1 0\e construc tion of works for running the lVcod waters of the Lachian into the empty .lake and storing them there against the ree urrence of dry seasons. A sheet of water 10 square miles iu extent and lift, deep, he says, could easily be conserved in this way. All the bairk block members supported Mr. Gormly, atari most of them h.xl Iake3 of their own whicit, they maintained, wanted nothing but wa tur to render them equal to any lakes irn the country. When the debate bad gone on. for a couple of hours, Mr. Gormly demanded a division, which, being taken, showed him ho be the victor over the Government by'.a close on three-to-one majority. " Resign,.' shouted his jubilant followers to the forlorn Ministerial minority. Mr. Gormly, however,1, is not anxious to be "sent for he is quite satisfied at having taught the Government the lesson never again to either despise his political prowess or disparage the waterless lal.u of Cudgelico. Mr. Burns led off Government business by making a statement of accounts for the past quarter. This will be dealt with in another pluce. What Mr. Burns makes out is that the revenue for tho year just completed is upwards of seven hundred thousand pounds better than that of the previous one. He seems glad of this fact. We should have been better pleased, however, to find our Treasurer able to make ends meet with- a decrease of seven hundred thousand. We cannot tax ourselves into prosperity. Our revenue is quite big enough to provide for the government of a million peaceful, progressive and hardworking people, and making it bigger at their expense is not necessarily making them richer. In so far as the increase implies a revivnl of trade, it is of course a matter for congratulation, but it would be more satisfactory still if we bad the revival of trade without this tax upon it. The most successful Treasurer is not he who raises the largest revenue ; it is he who succeeds in doing with the smallest. Mr. Dibbs at once moved the adjournment of the House and the Opposition prepared to make a night of it, playing ninepins with the Treasurer's figures. It afforded a ghastly amusement to Mr. Dibbs to hear of good times coming, with himself so remote from the Treasury benches. There could be no good times under such palpably absurd conditions. " If she be . not fair for me, what care I how fair she he 1 " What on earth did it signify to Mr. Dibbs that revenue beyond the dreams of a Treasurer's avarice was rolling in when he was not the Treasurer who had the hand ling of it. And, worse than all, as the bright vision of prosperity approached the pallid ghost of protection receded like an evil spirit haunting the political night into which he plunged the country, but exorcised by the return of financial daylight. He therefore implored the Treasurer not to say that the year was about to close without another deficit. He was looking to Mr. Burns to show one of at least three-quarters of a million — a poor little affair, no doubt, com pared to his own productions in that line, but nevertheless a deficit. This was .the effect of Mr. Dibqs' musings on the state ment thinly disguised under the form of what he called " a friendly criticism." Mr. Melville was sure that there would be a deficit at the end of the year. Perhaps he had not the slightest notion of what Mr. Burns' figures meant, but he wanted to console Mr. Dibb3. And if this was to be dono by arguing that seven and six make 19, Mr. Melville was not the man to hesitate risking his reputation as a financier in an effort to bring comfort to his forlorn chief.' But there was other balm in Gilead. Sup pose Mr. Burns did get an increase of revenue Mr. Melville could assure Mr. Dibbs that it was only obtained from the employment of prison labor. Surely that ought to reconcile him to it The back block members got up an angry buzzing here about the alleged harshness of the- Government towards the Crown tenants. They were getting revenue by overcharging the squatter and holding back the appeal cases so as to avoid having to disgorge. Nothing that Mr. Mel ville, Mr. O'Sullivan or any of them could say gaye Mr. Dibbs such hope as this. Wait till they were .compelled to refund this plunder with which their accounts were temporarily padded ont. he said, and they wonld see what they wonld see. His deficit would be all right at the close of the year, and comforted by this new hope he dropped the subject and allowed the business of the night to proceed. Late on in the night the Premier moved the House into Committee to consider a bill to amend the new Bailway Act, The mea sure was rendered necessary by the engage ment of the new Chief Commissioner, who is not prepared to accept the salary authorised by the original Act nor to enter upon bis duties within the time specified. What the bill proposed to do, therefore/was to raise the Gbiof Commissioner's salary to <13000 a- year and allow the Act, 'if need be,, to stand -over for I ' ' six months. The whole debate on this resolved itself into a mere reiteration of the " claims" of Mr. Goodchnp by bis political friends to the Chief Commissionersliip. If Mr. Sutherland had his way in Cabinet, said Mr. Dibbs, Mr. Goodchap would never have been passed over. "The Minister for Works will not say so," replied Sir Henry Parke3. There he put his foot in it. " The Minister for Works has said so to me himself," quickly retorted Mr. Dibbs. Poor Mr. Sutherland 1 We can imagine the sort of half-hour he will have with the Premier after this. Caught carrying Cabinet secrets to Mr. Dibbs ! Mr. Dibla then went on to intimate that had ho known that Mr. Goodchap would not have got the billet no Railway Bill wonld have passed. Quite rightly, the Premier described this as one of the most "iniquitous " things ever uttered in Parliament. What were we coming to when men stood up in I arlia- ment and asserted that they would not hesitate to obstruct the legislation of the country in the personal interests of their own friends ? After a long, sleepy and futile protest from the Opposition, leave was ulti mately obtained to bring in the bill. 