REVI8ION OF THE PRAYER BOOK- THE MARRIAGE SERVICE. Tlm quosiinu rninnj by a Ncncomformist clergyman as to tlm desirabloncRs of revistngtha Prayer Book of tho Church of England has created vory great interest in nltnoafc overy rolicioua circle. Tho opinions of Dean Macartney, Canon Potter i and Dr Bromby, publishod, yesterday, havo boon eagerly .can vanned. ' As many of otit- reudora probably novor wero acquaintod with tlio- marriago servico according to tho rites of tlio Oliuroh of England, whioh to tho portion ot tho' Prayer Book chiefly objected to, and as many! others havo probably forgotten it, wo below givo tho servico in full s— The Fork o SOLEMNISATION OF MATRIMONY. ; H Firtt the Bannt of all that are to Remarried!- together viuat be published in the Church three several Sundays, during the time of Maniing- Skrvtcc, or of Evening Serricc if there be no Morning Service), immediately after the second Lesson ; the Curate saying after the accustomed manner , I publish tho Banns of Marriage botwoon M. of and JV". of — — . If any of jou know cause, or just impediiiient, why theso two per- should not bo joined together in holy Mntri- mony, yo are tq declare it. This to tho first (second, or third) timo of asking, j that are to he married dwell in divers Parishes, the Banns must be asked in both Parishes ; and the Curate of the one Parish shall not solemnise Matrimony betwixt them, without a Certificate of the Banns being thrice asked, from the Ouratc of the other Parish. IT At. the day and time appointed for solemnisation of Mutrimony, the persons to be married shall come into the body of the Church wth their friends and neighbors, and there standing together, the Man on the right, hand, and the JKomtm on the left, the Priest shall say, Dearly beloved, wo aro gathered together hero in the sight of God, nnd in tho face of this congregation, to join together this Man and Woman in holy Matrimony, which is an honorable estate, instituted of God in the timo of man's innoccncy, signifying unto ui the mystical union that is betwixt Christ and His Church, which iioly ostato Christ adorned and beautified with His prcsonco, and first miraclo that Ho' wrought, in Cona of Galilee; nnd is commended of Saint Paul to bo honorablo among all men, and therefore to not by any to bo rnterprisod, nor taken in hand, unadvisedly, lightly, or wantonly, to satisfy men's carnal lusts and appetites, liko brute beasts that havo no understanding; but reverently, discreetly, advisedly, soberly, and in tho foar of God, duly considering the causes for which Matrimony was ordained. First, it was ordained for tho procreation of children, to bo brought up In tho fear and nurture of tlio Lord, and to tho pratoo of his holy Name. Secondly, it was ordained for a remedy ngainHt cin, nnd to avoid fornication ; that such persons as havo not tho gift of coniinoncy might marry, nnd keep thoinsclves uudefilcd members of Christ's body. Thirdly, it was ordained for tho mutual soaiuty, help, and comfort, that tlm ono ought to havo of the other, both hi prosperity and adversity. Into which holy ostato theso two persons present como now to bo joined. There fore if any man can show any just cause why thoy may not lawfully be joinnd togother, let him now speak, or else horcaftur for over hold Ills peace. 1T And also, speaking unto the persons that shall be married, he shall say, I require and charge you both, as yo will nnswor at tho dreadful day of judgment when tho secret of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if eithor of you know any impediment, why yo may .not bu lawfully joined together in Matri mony, yo do now confess It. For bo yo well iwsuved, that so many us are coupled togothor othorwiso than God's Word doth allow are not joined togother by .God) neither is thoir Matrimony lawful. If At which day of Marriage, if any man do allege and declare any impediment ivhy they may not be coupled together in Mutrimony, by God's law, or the laws of this realm; and will be bound, and sufficient sureties with Aim, to the parties; or else put in a Caution to the full value of such charges as the persons (o bemarrtcd do thereby sustain) to prove his allegation; ihen the solemnisation must be deferred , until such time as the truth be tried. IF If no impediment 6c alleged, then shall the Curate say unto the Man, M. — Wilt thou linvo this Woman to thy wedded wife, to live togother after God's ordinance in tlio holy ostatu of Matrimony. ? Wilt thou love her, comfort line, honor, and' kcop her iu sickness nud in health; and, for saking all other, keep tlioo only unto her, so long as ye both shall livo ? IT The mm shall anstoer, i win; % Then shall the Priest say unto the Woman , J\T, — Wilt thou havo this Man to thy wedded husbaad, to livo together after God's ordinance . in tlio holy estate of Matrimony ? Wilt thou obey him, and sarvo him, lovo, honor, and koop him in sickness and in hcnltli ; and, for saking nil other, keep tlioo only unto him, so ; long a3 yo both shall livo ? . 1F The Woman shall answer, I will. IF Then shall the Minister say, Who givcth this Woman to bo married to this Man ? IF Then shall they give their troth to each other t» this manner. The Minister, receiving the Woman at her father's or friend' fhands, ' shall cause the Man with his right hand to take the Woman by her right hand, and to say after him as follotoelh, .1, Mi, tako thee, if., to my wadded wife, to havo'and to hold from this day forward, for better for worso, forrloherfor poorer, in sick ness and in health, to lovo nnd to oltortob, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight tiieu my troth. IT Then shall they loose their hands ; and the Woman, with her right hand taking the il/an by his right hand, msnaU likewise say after the Minister, I N. tako thee M, to my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worso. for riohor for poorer, in siok- noss and in health, to love, cherish, and obey, till doath us do part, according to God's holy ordinanco ; and thereto I givo thee my troth. IF Then shall they again loose their hands ; and tlie Man shall give unto the Woman a Iling, laying the same upon the book with the ac customed duty to the Priest and Clerk. And the Priest, taking the Iting, shall deliver it unfo the Man, to put it upon the fourth finger of the Woman'sleft hand. And the Man holding the Iling there, and taught by the Priest, shall say, 'With this iring I thoo wed, with my body I theo worship, and with all my wordly goods I thoc ondow: In tho Naino of tho Father, and uf thu Sun, and of tho Holy Ghost; AraaiL . V Then the Man leaving the Iling upon the fourth finger of the Woman's left hand, they shall both kned down, and the Minister shall say, O Eternal God, Creator and Presorvor of all mankind, Giver of. all spiritual grace, tho Author of everlasting life; Send thy blessings upon these thy sorvants, this man nnd th I woman, whom we bless in thy name ; that, as ' Isoao and Rebecca lived faithfully togethor, so these persons may surely perform and keep tlio vow and covenant betwixt them made (whereof thin Ring givon anrl roqoivod to a token and plodgo), and may over remain in porfeob lovo nnd peaco togethor, and live according to thy laws ; through Jesus Christ our Lord. IF Then shall the PrUst join their hands together and say, Thoso whom God hath Joined togother lot no man put asunder. IT Then shall the Minister speak unto the people, ' Forasmuoh as AT. and if. havo consented to gother in holy wedlock, and have witnessed tho samo before God aud .this company, and thereto havo givon and pledged their troth either to.other, and have declared tho same by ' giving and receiviug of a Ring, and by joiuing of hands ; I pronounoo that they bo Man and Wife together, In the Name of tho Fathor, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.: Amen. Tf And the Miniiler shall add this biasing, God tho Fathor, God'tbe flan, God the Holy Ghosts bless, preservo, and keep you j the Lord mercifully with hja favor look, upon yon; and | so fill you with all spiritual benediotion and ; grace that ye may so livo together in this life that in tho world to comeyo may . havo life everlasting. Amen. . . ,Then the Minister or Clerks, going to the , Lord's table , shall say or sing the Psalm follow ing. ' Beati omnes,' Psalm oxxrill Blessed aro all they that tear tho Lord, and walk' in hto ways. : ' -'i. - /- For'thoushalb eat tho labor of thy hands; O welltotliflc,. and hippy slialt thoa be. ; ;v Thy wife Bhalt be as the fruitful vine : upon the walls of the home ; — . . ; -. j A . Thy ehildren like tho olive brauojiasi round about tHy table-.' L6,J.thus shalt the man bo blMsed ; that fearothtHeirf.'''','''V. Thq Lord from. out/of Ston shall so tflessi thee ; ' that thou 'ihalb see - Jenualem In prosperity all thy life long); % ; - Yea, . that thou shall see : thy ehildrapY QRIMran|'aud'pftM npnn Ixrael-' . Glory be Ut the Father, and to.tb 3U I Md Wthe Holy Gbosl ) . <'; As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall Ixu world without end. Amen ... Y Or this Psalm . Bens misereaiur. Psalm lxviL God be merciful unto ns and btoss us? and show ns the light; of his aiunlennnce, and bo nioroiful imto us.' That thy wayniayhu known upon earth: thy saving health nmoiig nil nations. Let thu poople pratoo thee, O God : yea, lot all tlm pooplo praiao thee. O let tho nations- rejoice nnd bu glad : for "thoir shalt Jn'dgo the folic righteously, and govom thu natrons upon earth. Lot the people pratou tlioo, O God t yon, let all the people praise theo. Then shall the earth bring forth her in- crease ; and God, erta our owu God, shall 1 givo us hto blessing.' God shall UIohs us i and all tho enda of tho world Rhall fear him. Glory bo to the Ifatlier, and to tho Son : nnd to tho Holy Ghost As it was In thu beginning, is now, and ever shall bo: world without end. Amen. IF The Psalm ended, and the Man and fAo W o man kneeling before the Lord's Table, the Priest standing at the Table, and turning his face towards than, shall say, Lord, have mercy ujion us. Ans. Christ, hove mercy upon us. Mtn. Lord, havo mercy uiwm us. Our Father, which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom coino. Thy will bo done in earth, As it is in heaven. Give «ih this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trcs;wwioH, As we forgive them that trespass against uh. And lead us not into temptation; , But deliver us from ovil. Amen. Jl/imsfcr. O Lord, save thy servant, and thy handronfd; Answer, Who put their trust in thee. Minister . O Lord, Rend thotn help from thy holy place ; Answer, And evermore defend tliom. Minister. Be unto them a tower of strength Answer. From tho faco of cheir enemy. Minister. O Lord, hear our prayer. Answer. And let our cry como unto thee. Minister. O God of Abraham, Gcxl of Isaac, Go»l of Jacob, bless tlicflo thy servants, and sow tiio seed of eternal lifu In their hearts; that what soever m thy holy Word thoy shall profitably learii, they may in deed fulfil the same. Look, O Lord, mercifully upcu them from heaven, and bless them. And as thou didst send thy blessing upon Abraham and Sarah, to thoir peat comfort, so vouchsafe to send thy hjess ing upon these thy servants ; that thoy obeying thy will, and alway being in safety under thy protection, may abide in thy lovo unto their lives' end; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Y This Pray fr next following shall bt omitted, where the Woman is past child-bearing. Omcrolful Lord, and heavenly Father, by whose gracious gift mankind is increased ; Wo beseech thee, assist with thy blessing these two persons, that they may both bo fruitful in pro creation ol ehildren, nnd also livo together so long in godly lovo mid honesty, that thoy may see their children ohristianly and virtuously brought up to thy praise and honor; through J csus Christ cur Lord. Amen. Oh God, who by thy mighty power hast made all tii.ngs of nothing ; who also (after other things satin ordcr)didst appoint, that out of man (created after thino own imago and siimlitudo) woman should tako her beginning ; mid, knitting them togethor, didst teach that it should never bo lawful to put asunder thoso who thou by Matrimony lindst mado one : 0 God, who hudst consecrated thectatoof Matri mony to such an excellent mystery, that in it is signified and represented tho spiritual marring© and unity betwixt Christ and his Church ; look mercilul upon theso thy nervnnu, that- both this man nmy lovo Ins wife, accord ing to thy Word, (as Christ did love his Hpouiie the Church, who gave himself for it, loving mid cherishing it oven as his cxvn flesh,) and also that this- woman may be loving imrl amiable, faithful mid obedient to her hus band ; and in all quietness, nobriety, nnd pence, be n follower of holy and godly matrons. 0 Lord,. bless them both, and grunt thorn to inherit thy bvorlasting kingdom ; through J c8ub Christ our Lord. Amen. IF Then shall the Pricat say, Almighty God, who at tho beginning did creato our first parents, Adam and Eve, and did sanctify nnd join tliein togother in marriaco ; Pour upon you tho riches of hto grace, sanctify and bless you, that yo may plenso him both in body and coul, and livo together id holy love unto your lives' end. Amen. IF After which, if there be no sermon, declaring the duties of man and wife, the minister shall read usfolloweth All yo that are married, or that intend to take the holy estnato of Matrimony upon you, hcar'whafc the holy Soriplure doth say as touch ing the dutytif husbands towards thoir wives, and wives towards their husbands. Saint Paul, lit his Epistle to tho Ephcsians, tho fifth chapter, doth givo this commandment to all married men: Husbands lovo your wives, oven as Christ also loved tho Ohureh, and gnvo himself for it, that hu might sanctify and cleanse it with tho washing of water, by tho Word ; that ho might presont It to himself a glorious Oliuroh, nob having rpot, or wrinkle, or any siioh thing ; but that lb should bo holy, and without blemish. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. Ha that lovoth his wife loveth himself ; for no man over yet hated his own flesh, hub nourtohoth and cheriHhcth it, oven as tho Lord tho Church ;.forwoaro momuers of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. For this catieo shall a man leavo hto father and mother, and shall bo Joined unto his wifo ; and they two shall bo ouo flesh. This is a great mystery - but 1 speak concerning Ohrtob and thoChuroh. Neverthelow, let overy ono of you in particular so lovo his wifo ; oven as himself. Llkuwido tho same St. Paul, writing to the Colossians, upuakoth thus to all men that aro married ; husbands, lovo your wives, and bo not bitter' against them. . Hear also what Saint Peter, tho' Apostlo of Christ, who was himself a married man, naitli unto thorn that are innrriod : Yo husbands, dwoll with your wives according to knowledge; giving honor unto tho wfe, as unto tho weaker vessel, and as boing heirs together of tha graco af llto, that your prayers bo not hindered, . Hitherto ye. have heard tho duty of tho hus band toward tho, wife. Now likewise, yo wives, hear and learn your duties toward your husbands, oven as it is plainly set forth iu ho Scripture. Saint Paul, in tho aforenamed Eptoblo to tho Ephcsians, teaohetli you thus; Wives, nubmic yourselves unto your own husbands, ns unto the Lord, For tho husband, to tho head of tho wife, oven as Christ is tiio lioad of tho Churoh; and lio is tlio saviour of tho body. Therefore, ns tho Church is subleob unto Christ, so lot tho wives bo to thoir own husbands in ovorytld ng. And again lio fiaith, Lot tho wifo sho that sho reverence her husband. And iu liis- Epistle to tho Oulossians, Saint Paul glveth you thto short losson : Wives, sub mit yoursoU os unto your own husbands, as it is fit in tlio Lord. Saint Peter alsj doe instruct you vory well, thus saying : Yo wives, bo . in subjection to yoar own husbands ; that, if any obey not thu Word, thoy atoo may without tho .Word bo won by tho conversation of tho wirus; whilo they behold your ohasto conversation coupled with fear. Whose adorning, let It not bu that outward 'adoruing of plaiting tho hair nnd of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel ; but lob it bo hidden man of tha heart, in that tyliloh is nob corruptible ; oven thu ornament of a meek nnd quiet spirit, wluoh is in thu sight of God of great price. For after this mnnnor in tho old timo tho holy woman also, who trusted in God, udorncd themselves, boing in subjection unto their own husbands ; cvon as Sarah obeyed Abraham, calling him lord ; whoso daughters yo are as long ns yo do well, and aro not afraid with any amaze ment; IF It is convenient thai the new-married persons should receive the holy Communion at the time of their marriage, oral the first opportunity after their marriage. w ; 