THINGS THEATRIOAL. Br -Fiqaro. Doc3 anybody, by any olinncc, over hear tho libretto of un opera, cutnlo or othcrwlso, oxeopb' mg only G.ilbort'mf Tho words of any of tho Giihurt- Suillvau coinlo operas are always ex- cruciatingly funny, nnd with their quiet but pointed satire and quaint " topsy-turveydoin " humor, share with tho charming mcludioa of BuUivan tiiu'houors of tho over-popular pro ductions, but tlm average libretto, especially whuu "donu into English" Jrum a inoro or less uninteresting French original, is n thing tho reading of which ib a turturo and a nightnmro to' tho Jaded Mfcrnfcnr," Dono into Enghflli 1" Was tiiuroov>'r inoro cold-blooded butonurythnn in -donu to tho jioor, innocent paper of virgin purity by thu " rttddigory"- pan of n crazy and homicidal scribbtor. In support of my words I wilt just quote from tho 'libretto of Dr Mnokonzio's (tho Principal now of tho Royal Academy of Muaio in London) > grand o;wra, called Tlio Troubadour, which wns written by a man of imsition in tho world of lettera, Dr Francis llueffcr, who certainly ought to liavo known better, or rather how lo do better. Hero is n ciiariuing couplet, tlio rvthin of which is nt least remarkable, to nay nothing of tho senti ment— 8o drank her Hps tho kisses of his Hps, Bo did her mouth cling to his yearning mouth. And then again— Farowell to tho days that pass To tho darkness of sorrowful nights : To a life that Is brittle as gins?, 1 drink to the death that unites I Fancy the poor heroine giving tragic utter ance, without tho ghost of a smile, of course, to such funny, words I When it is added . that tho last lines nro sung by Margancla as sho' is about to drink tlio bluod of her slain lover, their poctio beauty will bounderstood and appreciated. But what, you will ask, nro you driving at, Mr Figaro? Lotid mo thiuo oar, gentle render, mid I will tell thee— hi confidence, so don't repeat it to anyone. Somebody has been so kind as to lend me the libretto of a now opera, very shortly to bo pre sented for tho first tnno to nn cxpectnnt.puhlio in oho of tlio throntres, not a hundred miles from iiourko strcot, Melbourne. But pray do not bo nnxiotiH— you won't hear It, nobody ever does hear " tho words," thank goodness. So Islmn't-bo botraying any confidenco if I givo you just a selection or two, quito aub roan, of course, and only between you nud mo aud tho post. Hero is a snmplo : — Clontlo of heart, pretty of face, My lovo iu sweet, my Gmllo Is pretty With mvect L nppincss my glaueo shines. If in mv fitco looms thu spark of lovo— - For Mint alone I conlido— on tho wlnirsof tho wind v The plcasliw sound of prattling ncconte. Oil. return, oh return, -prcs mo to your heart, And blessed dnvs ot lovo we'll llvo. This is sung by the liotoino und exhibits a refreshing modesty nuent hor personal appear- nncu, but whnt woman does nut know thu ftiil value of her charms i Then hero is n verao of n ballad sung by tho same lady, whoso faithful thouglitn are still fixed upon tuo object of her affections. But I hare need of repose, And then In my dreams Return, Oh—, my angel art thou 1 Oh, In vain we attempt to resist The divine feeling That on tlio eternal pages Is written by fate. Wo must all lovo I Now, who of you knows a crusty old bachelor who is prepared to rudoly contradict a lady by confuting tliis statement 7 If there should exist such n one, please trot liiin out. I uhoulrl like to make his acquaintance. But I must hio ino to " fresh woods nnd pastures now." » I promised lost week to tell yon tho plot ot " Tlio Butler" wliioh is to bu produced next week (2nd November) nt tbo Symtoy Criterion. Messrs Brough and Bouoicnult havo shown thoir accustomed good senso in securing this comedy, for it is exceedingly funny, and it is bound to mako a greab hit. I'm only afraid that it will tako such a hold on tlio Sydney public that they won't let B. nnd B. bring it to Melbourne for vory many, wacks to come. Well, tho picco is a neatly written coincdy, full of comical dialogue and ludicrous situations, and, ns is not Always tho caso in farcical comedies, thu characters maintain an air of reality which adds to their interest. David Trot, tlio butlor, by diub oE loving and faithful service during thoir less fortunate years, has gut his master nud mistress completely under his tiiumb ; lie cannot 'repress ills laughter when lie addresses him by his now title of Sir Johu, and when for sumo supposed misdemeanor and for;pri\ftto motives, Sir John Tracoy talis him thoy muss rart, ho simply replies "Oh I Where nro you going to ? " In fact, .as he hhn- 8olf declare!, Sir Johu might as well try to get rid of tho water rato aa of him. Tho story of tho play is 'ciosuly . identified with tho oharnotar of tho butler, and so Mr Anson will havo plenty of opportunities of keeping himself in evidence. Sir Johu Tracoy, Kuicht, who has mado his money in mustard, and Is tho Mayor of .Buncombe, bos a pet jchoino, which is to marry his young, well- educated sou to tho citnrming daughter of a broken-down old peor to whom ho has lent various sums oi money, thus buying tho Btingy old) reprobate's consent to tbo wedding. But tli ere are various obstacles against the con summation of his wish. Tbo son is already in > ovo with his mother's companion, Alico Mar- Khali, a charming girl whom tlio kindly Lady Tracoy had rescued from poverty, and who has won thu good woman's love by her sweet- noqs and goodness. Lord Babicoinbe's daughter is herself in lovo with "an aristocratic cousin of hers, Frank St. John, nud Imp, therefore, good reason to object to tlm proposed marriage. Lord Babicoinbe nnd Ills daughter, Ludy Anne, call on the Tracoys. Lady Tracey is so vulgar iu her mnnnors that Lady Anne openly sneers at her; nnd when tho invalid old Lord has a fit of cousliiug, David Trot, in tho hurry of thu moment, makes his Lordship swallow a dose (if Ellinmn's embrocation instead of water, wliioh very nearly kills him, Tho two pairs of lovers inert on lliu sly and discusstho situation, whilst Trot " keeps on hovcrin' un beknown," liko a faithtul 'watchdog, on their account, aud makes lovo to the pretty newcomer, Miss Muddle, oh Ids own account. Sir Jolm, seeing that his project is nob progressing vory rapidly; deter mines to precipitate matters by getting tho faithful Trob and Alice Marshall out of his sen's way ; but he laysluB plans so badly that on the morning tho young girl leaves the house tlio lovers havo ro arranged mattorfl that tlio thrco men provide themselves with special liconses, and thoy gob quietly married to tlio girls of thoir uiioico whilst tlio bluuderiug old knight is chuckling over his own plans nt tlio breakfast table. Thus thu play endti with the return of tho thrco pairs all gay witb smiles, blushes nnd bridnl bouquets. After saying good-byu to her private friends in Sydney, Miss Esaio Jenyna will ho joined by her mother and step- father, Mr nnd Mrs W. J. HoUoway, and tho party will sail for Eng land in tho Mogul on Gtli November. After spending Christina in London, they go to tho Coutiuent, spendiug 'about six months or so in Germuny. Meanwhilo Miss Jonyns will combine study with pleasure, pre paring horsolf for tho great ordeal r!io will go through when sho lays mega to tho hoarts of ttio London public, some timo in the mid-year. An to tho place and manner of ber debnt, no definite arrangements havo boon mado, nnd Mr Holloway will havo to placo theso in the bauds of a competent 'London manager, as bo much depends on tlio ohoico of tho tboatro and floleotion of tho company. Beforo tlio well- known W. J. Holloway company was dis banded thoy presented their chief with on interesting memento iu the sbapo of a hand some album containing tbo photos and signa tures oi the entire company, wliioh will servo to remind him of the days wbon by his pluck and luck, aided by bis undoubtedly high busi ness capabilities, ho mado for his stepdaughter a splendid ropntation,' and was enabled to lay by for himself a comfortable competence. Mr Holloway's company was to have been kept together by his manager, Mr W. H. Manning, and this' arrangement would havo been eminently satisfactory, as ib included several clover players who had grown used to oocb other, and played woll together; but a- combination of circumstances postponed tills notion— at least for tho present— and soveral of tho actors obtained engagements elsewhere. Messrs Robert Inm&n; and Atholwood goto Brisbane to. join Mr O, G. MUn, the American aotor, who lias boon playing tho "legitimate" witb euoh aucoess la Byduey during tho present month ; and Messrs Oolietb, Dobson, Roberts and Oarie go to strengthen tho Harry BtMaur Oomedy Company in Tasmania. Miss Nita Steele also goes to Tasmania, bat on a holiday tour for a month or so, and I hear that Mr oberb Stewart and bis wife, Miss Constance eoswyn, are contemplating a' holiday, as In what Gross u)ith oaUs " the happy father land " of pipes and "sour orout." Tbo proposed revival of 'Struck Oil, that most popular of favorite' melodrama at the Sydney Theatre Royal, when Mies Carrie Swain vacates, reminds me of. the various long rime which have heen secured in the colonies. Ai l have said with regard to Hand Aorou the Sea, the most' suooesriul, jrom a flnanolal point of view; of - dramatic entertain ments is certalqly .the oeneational melodrama and the /longest ran in these odonRi tbat I can cfldltotnind -WM reached by the produc tion aVthe Old - Princess's Theatre hero of Undo Tom's Cabin, which kept tha bills for twontv-ouo conaocutivo wcoIcr. Tho fact witb rcgaru to the original production of Btruok Oil, at tha Melbourne Theatre Royal, lu AuguBfc, 1874, go to domon strato tlio cliflloulty experienced by managers 'in correctly gauging tho public taste. When Mr J. O. Williamson ontno out hero from America witli his now play nnd offered it to tlio manugemonb of tlio Theatre Royal, ho was unable to command oven LOO a week for his play and his own services, nnd could only persuade them to produce lb on tlio half-profits principle. As things turned out, this agreement was highly sntislnotory to tlio actor, for his pieco was micli nn hmncnro success that ho mado several hundred pounds a week in placo of tho sixty tho management had refused givo to hiin. Struck Oil continued to aitrnab nudioncas which literally packed tlio theatre for noven weeks— from 1st August to 19th Septi-mhor, 1874. Tho manngemonfc ad vertised thnt 90,000 persons had witnessed the performance. 