TTTP! WATTR!RT!nn HTTP WHETfN'a ' The moat successful meeting ever held at Bnckland Park waa brought to a conclusion on Thursday, when there were quite 1,500 neonlfl on tha crnnnr?. Thin in tha ln.ro-oafc attendance over seen at a day's coursing, and as a matter of fact the crowd waa rather a nuisance, as it included a number of people who would persist in encroaching on un beaten ground. Mr. Rounsevell, who had chareeof the beaters, did hia best to keep people back, but he was not altogether suc cessful, yet as thirty-five courses were ran off before 4 o'clock there waa not much to complain about. As on Tuesday and Wed nesday, the weather waa delightful and everything went well. Mr. Fred. Ayers and the Hon. E. C. Baker, who had assisted Mr. Stirling with the field arrangements during the first two days, were not present on Thurs day, but Mr. -.BounseveU and Mr. Howaid stayed through the meeting, and Mr. Mathie son (Mr. Browne's Manager), Mr. Irish, and others did a lot to make things run smoothly. Haiea were not so plentiful as they were, last year, but there were quite enough, and after all it is much better to wait a while for a hare than to have two or three get up and see the doss take after different ones. There waa a good deal of excitement over the Cap, the betting being of a more spirited character than usual. Mr. W. B. fiounseveli supplied the favourite in Mr. F. Richardson's black dog Rustic, a very fair plump ton1 performer in Melbourne. This son of Chesterfield's brilliancy was undoubted, and on the night of the draw 60 to 40 was laid on his beating Logic in the first course. These odds were safely landed, but as the local dog wentto the Blips there was not much merit in the performance. Three to 1 was laid on Rustic wheD he met Hope On, but this time the layers went down, as after making play at first Rustic was badly beaten. Walter Melroae, who came over from Melbourne with the favourite, must have been greatly disappointed with hia performance, but coursing in the open and on a plumpton are very different matters, aa witness the de feats of Rhodanthe and Red Hind at Buck land Park, ftlext to Rustic the smart little Warwick and Mr. Bubble's blue dog Mozart were most fancied. Tha latter, a good game dog of average size, is a splendid worker, and he won, but Warwick was not disgraced. He showed more pace than* the ultimate winner, and had the pair got on to a weak hare would have won the Cap, bat pass stood np for a long time and enabled Mczart to make up his lost ground and win easily. Mozart won all hia courses de cisively at the finish, and there is very little doubt that given a good strong hare he was the beat dog running at the meeting. Mr. Charles Mallen, the well-known brewer, nominated' Mozart, and waa highly pleased at winning a Waterloo Cup. This is the second time the winner has spruDg from Mr. W. E. Hubble'a kennel, Hop Bitters having won previously. Of tha others we think Fancy Fair was lucky to ran np, bat of course no notice must be taken of her running in the final, as in addition to getting a tremendous fall azaiast a wire on Wednesday she got a very severe gruelling in her bye through getting on to a second hare. The winner of the Derby (Mentor) is a very brilliant puppy, and he won all his courses in the moat deciaive style. Mr, Irish, who has been most unlucky lately in eo far as coursing is concerned, bred Mentor, and gave him to Mr. Hubble. Yunta was probably second best in this Btake, but he refused to fence in hia last trial. Mr. Irish owns a grand puppy in Instep, and with luck he should make a name for himself some day. Fawn Rosy, the winner of the Oaks, is a most brilliant slut, «nd in winning this stake Mr. Wheaton was repeating his victory of laat year when Fairy was successful. Fawn Rosy, like Mentor, was given away, Mr. Ford having presented her to her present owner. Irish Queen and Butterfly are both smart, but nothing in the stake showed such form as the winner. Mr. Cowan, a local sportsman, secured the Plate with Surprise, and Mr. Johnston, of Oakbank, owns the Bracelet winner. Unfortunately for himself and Mr. Hope, the Judge (Mr. Stirling) got a fall daring the final coarse for this stake or tbe verdict might have been reversed. The visiting sportsmen, Mesara. W. T, Hoare and A. RobertBon, were un lucky, but it is to be hoped their non-success will not deter them from having another try next year. The stud success of the meeting waa Mr. C. Pearce'a ReBterton, This dog sired Mentor, Fawn Rosy, Newsgirl, and Minnehaha, while Turpin was responsible for the Plate winner ana Faultfinder for the winner of the Gup. Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., who acted aB Judge, was warmly cheered at the close of the meeting, J. King again acted as Blipper, and got through his arduous duties successfully; while Mr. F. W. Davis had plenty to do in the capacity of Secretary. Owing to the late rains ths ground waa in capital order, and barring the accident to Porcupine, none of the dogs met with any mishap. The Running. The Bracelet Stakes.— Second Ties— Musket and News Girl had a no go, and the former getting hung in a wire was so muoh in jured that he could not go into slips again. Newsboy led and did a lot of work before Fleet came in and killed,! Muldoon was quickest from slips, but Fair Helene was first up, and did everything until they went out of eight in the wattles.-- Barney led and took -two turns, when Peeress placed herself, and sticking to the game she quickly equalized matters, while Barney loat ground through hanging in a wire. THE DERBY. Second Ties.— Mentor led and took tarns, after which Tim got in and snapped up the bare. Chester had all the beat of Yunta in a short course, but aB h0 went off the line in going np to the hare Yunta'scored the verdict. Too Scon led without doing much, and took the hare all round the wattles and away to the plantation, Smuggler never being able to get up pace enough to score, THE OAKS. Second Ties.— Butterfly led and did all the work, Truthful hardly scoring a point.. Fawn Roey and Peach Blossom had a short coarse in tbe wattles, the former showing a deal of dash and swing cleverly. There was not much between Irish Queen and Reticent in ihe runup, and the former killing directly she won. THE CUP. Second Ties.— Warwick led ud three lengths, and working round very cleverly he kept bis place for a couple of turns. Then Mozart was in for some pretty work, when Warwick got placed again, and was doing bo well that his victory eeemed assured, but Mozart once more asserted himself, and with the hare chopping about he kept behind her in very clever style, and after the game went across the road, he kept in possession to the end of the trial, Warwick tiring to nothing, Hope On led, and took a turn or two, when Miss May came in, and there was some good give- and-take work, but Miss May hung off a good deal, and after they crossed the road HoDe On did everything. Fancy Fair led Victor and did all the early work, when they got into a paddock, where ths Judge could not see dis tinctly, and, although those with glasses thought Victor had won at the finish, the verdict was for Fancy Fair. THE PLATS, Second Ties.— Moss Queen led. and ran rings round Fury, (surprise ran a bye, THB DEBBY. Third Ties.— Mentor and Yunta had a very flaky course, the bare continually getting iu to the wires, and Yunta, fencing badly was easily beaten. Too Soon and Irish Queen ran a bye together, the pair working very evenly. THE OAKS. Third Ties.— Fawn Rose dashed up, and knocking her hare aboutin fine style, did all the: early work, but Butterfly came at the finish, and had ehe not killed too quickly might have had a chance. . the cur. Third Ties.— Mozart led and scored several times before Hope Un got in and worked the bare into another paddock and behind a cot tage. Coming back Mozart gave her a go by, but the bitch took possession again. The hare then 'made for the plantation, when Mozart gave bis kennel companion another go-by and took the hare to cover. Fancy Fair ran a bye with Mionehaha, who never allowed the fawn a chance in a long gruelling course. THE BBACELET. Third Ties.— Kews Girl led, and beat Sheet Anchor almost pointless. Newsboy waa much too smart for Fair Helene at the begin ing of the trial, but they had a grneller, and at the finish Fair Helene was scoring well. Little went out of her course going up, but when the hare waa once reached she over worked Peeress and won easily. THE DBKBT. Deciding Course— Mentor led up, and made several wrenches, when the hare went through a fence, and got away, Mentor leading out of sight and winning. the oaks. , , ... Deciding Course— Fawn Rosy led, and dia everything, Irish Queen never doin? anytmng in a short course. THE PLATE. , , Deciding Conrse-Sorprisa led, ana to ok two turns, when they went tfarouKh a wire and the Queen hung. The pair got together ?*«*.. but Surprise held her own and won cleverly. THE BRACELET. Third Ties.— Newegirl led and kept posses sion until approaching the bushes, when Lottie made a point or two bat when tho hare got to cover Newsgirl had won easily. Minnehaha led and always had something ia hand daring a short course, the blue killing. XHK'br/p. Final Course.— This was a very hollow affair, Fancy Fair being very much off when put into bIipb. The pair were let go on tha flat, and Mozart racing awav never allowed his opponent a ghost of a chance. THE COLLAR. Mentor and Fawn Rose met for a Bilver collar presented by Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, M.P. Fawn Rose led up, and working with wonderful fire, she put in a good score before Mentor could get in. Directly the Derby winner was beginning to score the hare got into the bushes and Fawn Rose won. THE BBACBLET. Deciding Course.— Neva Girl was up first, and did the early work, when Minnehaha made three good wrenchs, and was quickly making up her ground, when the Judge's notes fell heavily, and Mr. Stirling could sea nothing more of the work. 