Intercolonial News. New South Wales . (FROM OUR OWN REPRESENTATIVE.) SYDNEY, June 4. The past week in Parliament was marked by three principal events—the resignation of Mr. Dibbs, the passing of the Estimate, and the arrest of Mr. M'Elhone. The first-named was the result of the ill- advised waut of confidence motion which Mr. Dibb3 uudertook a week before without consulting his quasi-followers and persisted in against their wished. But Mr. Dibbs never really led the varied oletneiite which go to make up the present Opposition in the Acseiubly. It 13 very questionable if any one man could do so, und to hhow how this is recognised one has only to observe tho many oandidiites for the vacancy and tho utter im possibility for either of them to It ad tho real". In fact, men like Melville and M'Elhono will be led by no one. That tho Estimates wero at last pasted in a few hours was the result of the disorganisation of tho Opposition, and tho fact that the proposed reductions in the civil service salaries nave to bo either adopted or rejected according to the report of the royal commis sion. Tho M'Elhone episode was thoroughly characteristic of that gentleman's peculiarities. Ho insulted tho Minister tor Lands in his übsenco by charging him with having fleeced the Treasury. When oalled to order, he .defied the House to do itd worst, refused to withdraw or to apologise, and de liberately weut home to bed. Next day when given into the custody of the Sergeant-at-arms for his fault, he, under pivtenco of apolojficing, insulted tho House still moro grossly. Eventu ally members had to accept a half apology, reluc tantly tendered, as they saw no other way out of the difficulty. The plea which carao from Mr. Abbott that" considering tho temperament of the hon. gentlemen (Mr. M'Elhone), the House had reoeived as much from him as could reasonably be expected," was a new code of morals for legislators, and as the plea was practically admitted, somo new developments in Parliamentary manners may be looked forward to shortly. Some of our members have very distinot peculiarities of temper, and if they are allowed to exhibit them in their own particular way, aln M'Elhono, there will be " wigs on the green," and not even the new rules can curb the disorder. The Chinese question is still a prominent one in men's mouths, and it is a faot that some of the Chinese have gone, despite the Supreme Court and the local mandarins, baok to China. But it is also a fact that as many were allowed to land and to be absorbed into tho population as were sent away, and that the Chine:O vege table hawker still plies hid daily vocation as successfully as he did before Saturday's anti- Chinese demonstration. For, as Mr. Ninian Melville told tho Domain crowd, they were anti-Chinese to the backbone, but for all that they liked to get cheap vegetables from the Chinamen and let their brethren starve; and he had no doubt that many of those present had that day helped down a sumptuous dinner with Chinese vegetables. The olergy say that abao lute exclusion is as impossible as it is unjust, and urge legislation in the direction of wise restriction. The Legislative Council has done yeoman servioe in declining to rutth on with the new Chinese Restriction Bill, aud in thus allowing wiser counsels to dovolop and receive attention from leaders of public thought, out side as well as inside the walls of Parliament-. A letter has at length been reoeived by Cap* tain Rounding from Mr. Owen Jone*., manage ing-director of the Canadian-Paoifio Cable Company, from New Zealand. His silence ia explained by the fact that he has been Buffering from illness, to oure which he took a trip to the hot lakeß of the North Island* Thence he went to Auckland, and there, without coming baok to Sydney as he originally in tended, ho went on board the Mariposa and left en route for Canada. New Zealand, according to Mr. Jones, is with them heart and hand. They have secured the co-operation of Victoria and Tasmania, and New South Wales will be likely to follow. The Canadian board will meet at Montreal as soon as Mr. Jonc-t gets there, and after consult ttion with them ho will go on to London. The cable route between Suva and Auckland is now being survoyed by the Egeria, and her noxt work ought to be the line from Suva to Brisbane, but that, of course, depends on the new Government. The meeting whioh responded to the invita tion of the mayor to attend at the Town Hall and disouss the Paling Convalescent Home scheme waß a very small ono, considering the importance of the - subject. Mr. Paling's munifioent gift of ground, buildings, and a sum of £10,000 needs to be supplemented by a further sum of £15,000 before the suffering poor can derive benefit from it The meeting, however, was fairly succoasful from a financial point of viow, as nearly £1600 was collected in the room. Sir Henry Parkes made ono of his characteristic speeches, in course of which he narrated how, somo twenty.two years since, his attention was called, to the inefficiency of the nursing staff at the Sydney Infirmary, there being only oue female, and that one a Mrs. Ghost. He accordingly sent to England and enlisted tho sympathy of that most glorious and loving of women, Florence Nightingale (how the audience cheered at the mention of the name!) in selecting a trained nursing staff for tho institution. Under the matron, Miss Oaborn, these did good service in their time, and wore tho origin of trained nurrting in the colony. The promoters of the Paling Home are confident that the sum they require will soon be at their disposal. The ancient law croppod up aguin in the Police Court last week, when the three fortune tellers, Sabrina Johnson, Fanny Gilroy, and Jack Bosco, were sentenced to one year's imprisonment eaoh for fortune telling. The conviotion was made under one of tho Acts of good old George 111., and, besides the term of imprisonment which they imposed, the bonoh were empowered to send the prisoners to stand in the pillory for an nour on market day. Whether it was for laok of the instrument of torture was not stated, but the latter part of the punishment was not inflicted. The return of the transactions of the Sydney branch of the Royal Mint for the month of May shown Queensland still to the fore in the supply of gold for coining purposes. Of 46,8550z. received during the month, value £166,054, no less than 38,4450z. came from the Northern colony. New South Wales sent in more than usual, the month's return from this colony being 66180z. The total amount received since the Ist January was 253,9600z., valued at £905,941, of whioh 200,8660z. came from Queensland —or about four-fifths of the total quantity. One hundred and fifty-six thousand sovereigns were coined during May, bringing the number ooined for the first five months of the year up to 893,000. During that period also £2139 worth of silver bullion was issued, as well ait £2185 worth of new silver ooin (imported of course), and £270 worth of new bronze coin. The British footballers bid fair to teach us as much about their own particular pastime as the early cricketers did about theirs. Their superiority over our best local men was dearly demonstrated on Saturday last. They are, of course, a picked team, and are typical foot ballers—not too tall and thickset, but as active as oats. The general opinion was that their clever passing and the determined vigour with whioh they tan the ball over the line won them the game. The local players gained most ground in the scrimmages, but In open play lacked combination. The return of Miss E«ie Jenyns to the Sydney stage on Saturday night was a veritable triumph. Money was turned away in a style that was heartrending to the lessee, Mr. Solomon, while Miss Maggie Kuight at Her Majesty's, another reappearance, was nearly as fortunate. Mr. Jewett, her husband, who with Mr. Rignold, plays with her in " Two Orphans," talks about playing for Queensland in the next intercolonial football match, as he did two years ago. Stdnbt, June 9. The Parliamentary week seemed likely to be aa barren a one as usual until just before its close, when the Premier indulged the Assembly with some insight into what the Government intend to do during the rest of the session. The Land Bill is to be abandoned, whioh is not to be wondered at considering the opposi tion it has met with from all parts of the House, and the utter inability of the Govern ment to carry on the business of the country in the Assembly. The Premier anticipates passing his taxation bills; so, at least, he says. But though the end may be near, the termina tion of the session may be just as perturbed as any part of its boisterous career. When the new Chinese Restriction Bill comes down from the Council, emasculated of all that made it dear to the Premier, and so changed that its original framer would not know it, there is sure to be a row. The in demnity clause has been altered so as to oon form it to the principles enunciated by the Supreme Court whioh Sir Henry defies, and the other stringent provisions have been either watered down or eliminated altogether. Some see in this an inevitable conflict between the two Chambers, with an awkward deadlock on the horizon, and an appeal to the country with the anti-Chinese ory for a party watch word. Perhaps, however, the conference, whioh starts it* deliberations on Tuesday, may even moderate the stubbornness of Sir Henry Parkes. At any rate its decisions will be ra oeivtd with respect throughout Australia. If the state of things in Parliament will only allow it, some wise steps should be taken shortly in connection with the oolony's system of defence, as the recommendations of the Select Committee of the Legislative Council are nearly on all fours with those of General Schaw, and should result in important rearrangements in the torpedo and submarine mining branches, as well as in some of the higher posts in the colonial army. It will be well if the changes oan be effected now, for we are in the happy state of being free from panic, while at the same time the position of affairs in Europe is bidding everyone to set his house in order while he oan. The conference at the Town Hall between the representatives of the Chambers of Manu factures and Commerce of the different colonies has been sitting all the week considering the proposal, emanating from the Viotoriau mem bers, for free-trade among the Australasian colonies, based upon a Customs union with a uniform tariff, to whioh the Tasmanian repre sentatives moved an amendment advocating reciprocity in natural products, or goods manu factured from them. Mr. Adye Douglas, the ex Agent-General for Tasmania, made a very determined speech, in which, on behalf of bis oolony, he stoutly resisted the free-trade pro posal, especially as it excluded England, and referred to Victoria jto the wont enemy that Tasmania had ever had. As for the olive branch which Victoria was said to be holding out to them, Mr. Douglas said there were no leaves upon it at all; it was simply a barren stick, meant to beat them with. Mr. George Stupart, vice- president of the Maryborough Chamber of Commerce, made a very effective speech on Friday morning, in whioh he claimed that the verdiot at the recent elections had been in favour of a protective policy for Queensland. He believed, however, that the people as a whole were in favour of intercolonial free-trade, although of course there were persons interested in the various manufactures who would each seek to secure protection for his own industry. 41 Queensland had," said Mr. Stupart, "spont two and a half millions of money on immigra tion, and the Government of the colony mußt, therefore, feel the necessity of finding occupa tion for people it had cost them so much to import. The decision of the Government to have as much of the ironwork of railway loco motives made in the colony as possible would bring about (he stirae beneficial results as had followed tho adoption of the principlo lv Vic toria. If tho resolution wore pawed and given effect to population would increase in a rapid way, for expirieuco showed that the wants of the people gave employment to the pooplo, just as America had compelled Coats, Clark, and other Euglich manufacturers to establish f aotories in hrr micfot. He quite agreed that all could not be brought about within the next few years. [Dr. Smith: • Oh, won't it.'] Still, it was necessary that a start should be made, and very toon the idea would permeate the whole community." Mr. Stupart was loudly cheered when he resumed his seat. Shortly afterwards the delegates went in to see the mayor. The different colonies were requested to keep together, so that each might be pre sented as a body, and Mr. Stupart was jocularly urged to be sure that, as the sole repre sentative of Queensland, he did not separate in any way. Mr. Stupart got rid of his isolation by taking Mr. Moore, the sole and diminutive representative of Fiji, in under his wing. Mr. John A. Clark, of Brisbane, passed through here on Tuesday on his way to Ade laide. He was interesting himself in the anti- Chinese movement, as usual, and from the ac oount he gave me of his proceedings here it seems that he saw the Minister for Mines, Mr. Abigail (an old friend of his) in the first place, and sought from him assistance that he might interview the New South Wales representativea to the Chinese Conference. Mr. Abigail re ferred Mr. Clark to Sir Henry Parkes as being most concerned in the matter, but at the same time said that the Ministry were under the impression that the people of Northern Queens land desired the Chinese for tropical cultivation. Mr. Clark replied that of the seventy-two representatives just returned to the new Par liament none had dared to hint at suoh a thing, but that one and all were equally determined to stop coloured labour throughout the colony. The Premier subsequent'? received Mr. Clark very cordially, and, after stating the object of his interview, Mr. Clark conveyed to him the thanks of the Queensland anti-Chinese League for the action h« had taken in prohibiting the landing of the Chinese, at which Sir Henry seemed very pleased. In regard, however, to the suggested postponement of the conference until Queensland could be represented, Sir Henry said he could not initiate anything of the sort, as the meeting had been called by the South Australian Government. Mr. Clark had better, said Sir Henry, write to the chairman of the conference, expressing his wishes, and that course was agreed upon. Mr. Clark then left for Adelaide by steamer, and his letter will now be rendered unnecessary by the appoint ment of Mr. Maorossan to represent Queens land on the commission. A more consistent opponent of Chinese labour, especially on the goldfields, could not have been chosen. There seems to be a difference of opinion amongst the members of the Rabbit Commis sion as to the merits of the Tintinallogy disease which Drs. Butcher and Ellis have been so busy propagating. The doctors on the commission professed when they visited the laboratory of Dr. Ellis at Double Bay and saw the result of that gentleman's experiments, to detect weak points in the system, and while applauding the industry and enterprise of the young surgeons, told them that they were not yet in a position t, earn the Government bonus of £25,000. Since then Tintinallogy itself has been visited, and two lay members of the commission, Messrs. Tabart (Tasmania) and Bell (New Zealand), who are now in Sydney waiting for next Tuesday's moetit.g, have been very much impressed by what they *aw there. Th«y say the run in question is now quite oleared of rabbits, and the neighbouring runholders who, of course, in face of a penalty for doing so, will not say that they have introduced the disease, are oertainly sharing in the benefits accruing from it. And there is oertainly no deleterious effect on the sheep in the locality, whioh are described as be ing in good store oondition. This is also taken as a proof that the rabbits did not die of star vation as some have asserted, as what will keep the sheep will certainly also keep them. The rabbits' bodies do not lie about to taint the air, but are drifted over by the sand or disposed of by birds. The matter will be brought promi nently before the oommiseion at its next meeting. As everything affecting the rabbit question is of interest in Queensland, I will point out that the London Anti-vivisection Society have addressed a letter to the Agent-General of Vic toria in which they refer in strong terms of protest to the proposal by M. Pasteur to intro daoe chicken cholera into Australia as a means of extirpating the rabbit. In order to impress the views of the society upon Australians, the secretary says his committee have taken the opinion of several English medical men who have given special attention to the subject, and have found them of opinion not only that there will be danger to animals other than rab bits and birds, but that there will be reason to fear the outbreak of pestilence from the putre faction of thousands of rabbits dead of obioken cholera in a climate like that of Australia. One eminent surgeon added that " the lethal effects of diseases, whioh among civilised people are hardly fatal at all, become terribly so when applied to a new population, or under new ctrcumstances." And further, " the story of the introduction of the rabbits themselves into the Southern Continent shows how unexpected the results are when new conditions are sup plied to the old forms of life." Another expe rienced medical man gives the opinion that there may a*ise "danger to human life by eating rabbits in whose bodies the poisonous germs of fowl cholera had been only partially The mining market still continues depressed, and operations on the Open Exchange are more limited than ever. As Btated in my last letter that a panic was likely to be caused at Broken Hill owing to the fall in silver stocks, the pre diotion has almost been fully borne out, as stocks in this district have fallen over 40 and in some oaves 60 per cent (since writing last. The Melbourne market is also very dull in silver at present. The people there have been plunging to a greater extent than in Sydney. There are some enormouß sums of money in the way of deferred payment which the Melbourne people have to meet, and scrip is rolied upon to do this to a large extent, and until those de mands, which are now so heavily presoing, are met, and holders not so anxious to sell, things will remain at a low ebb. Not alone is the fall noticeable in silver shares only, but also in those of gold ; very little, if any, business is done in gold scrip just now. The Mount Mor gans have had a good deal of attention lately, but thiß week they havo experienced a fall of no le9s than £2,000,000 in their ootual value, thus vrluing the mine now at £12,000,000. This valuation is considered by some people to be over-estimated, and when you come to take into consideration the fact that on a valuation of this kind for even ft 10 per cent dividend to be looked forward to, this mine will have to return the enormous amount of £1,200,000 per annum. In the interests of public confidenoe, not to mention mining, it is to be hoped the Mount Morgan will prove as successful aa people anticipate- If so, it cannot be doubted for a moment that it will strengthen the gold mining industry throughout the colony. An important decision bearing upon the law of impounding was given in the Supreme Court this week in the case of Emblem v. Bae. The defendant, it appeared, was possessed of a horse, which in October, 1886, was stolen from him by one Weir, and on the oonviotion of the thief the fmi""d was handed over by the polios to Bae at the instigation of the Distriot Court Judge who tried the case. In the interim, however, the horse had been found trespassing on certain lands, the owner of which impounded it, and it was sold by the poundkeeper to Emblem, all charges being properly paid in due form. When the horse was again in Bae** possession Emblem applied for the upsetting of the District Court instruction and made good his claim, the Supreme Court holding that the power of restitution exercised by the lower court was a nullity, inasmuch as the ownership of the animal had pawed away from Bae by the ordinary and proper operation of the Impound ing Aot. It was pointed oat by the court what a severe blow would be given to all pound transactions if the decision were otherwise, the fact tint a purchase out of a pound gives a good statutory title being the basis of the sound market value of animals so sold. Bae was, however, awarded the money realised from the sale. The old Queensland Wharf at the bottom of Sussex-street has been completely renovated by the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company, by whom it was purchased some time since. The old jetty has been removed, and a new one, with convenient tram lines in the oentre, put in its plaoe. The offices are also more modern than those in use when Brisbane boats went there. The Holloway season at the Theatre Royal is a great triumph. Miss Essie Jenyns is r^rj popular in Sydney .and a crowded house greets her every night. The company are mainly the same as wnen they were last in Brisbane, and, consequently, they play together admirably. Bland Holt, who opens to-night at the Theatre Boyal in the sensational play, " The World," hai been engaged by Mr. Holmes for the Brisbane Opera House, following on after the Williamson opera season. The Jungfran Capelle were to have given their concerts in the Courier Hall, but Mr. James Morgan, Mr. Taylor's representative, who is now in Sydney, offered them such liberal sharing terms that Messrs. Hughes and Jinkins were unable to resist the temptation, and so they go to the Theatre Boyal. Mr. Morgan goes to Mel bourne on Monday in Bearch of further attractions for bis theatre. We are at last getting a little winter weather, with intermittent showers, but, an a rule, the days are still bright and genial. Gladstone Chambers, 90 Pitt- street. 