®rumO0, DulL ' Circus. j Cloudy. Theatre. 3 Garner's. , Birzy and the Press. An IriBh mob sabred. Scotch festival to-night. Last three nights of Maccabe, Honour for the Scotch surtteuu. Barometer at noon to-day, 3012. Our Agricultural Bureau at work. The MacDonnell Range Co.'a mystery. New Engineer-in-Chief has started work. Small fire in Grenfell-street toia morniog. Eleven shillings for a broken window pane. The royal road to love is not a flowery path. Chief Justice locked np the Jury last nigbt. EmpresB Victoria intends to assert woman's rights. The new Government Printer—Mr, H. F. Leader. MiBB Ada Ward has returned to the colonies. Orient steamer Orient'arrived on Tuesday morning'. Posen people are enthused over their new Empress. Seventy-fire people arrested out of that Ennis mob. Prince Bismarck is a heavy loser through thoje floods. B<emarokian bounce is not likely to succeed much longer. Conservator Jonca in the South-East on valnation duty. N.S. Wales had 1,016,868 acres under culti- vation last year. Norwood Corporation visiting Hardy's vineyards to-day. Complimentary Scotch festival to-night in the "Victoria HalL Seveni>y-five would-be martyrs run iu at Sunday's shindies. Railway Commission will probably begin their dntieB on June L Cheeky Randolph is trying to get back amongst his old friends. The Fatherland will again learn what an energetic woman can do. Chancellor Goschen'a Budget proposals passed by the Commons. N.D.L. steamer Hohenzollem reached the Semaphore late lest night. Major Templer acquitted on the charge of divulging military ceorets. Uncle Sam and the Sultan of Morocco are now prepared to rub noses. Ten thousand shareB transferred to that English Syndicate—for what? Next session's Parliamentary burne» now worrying the Ministerial m nd. Sultan of Morocco will be ; taught that he must respect American subjects. Moseoo threatens to retaliate on John Bull for his proposed extra wine duty. Female influence may now be the chief factor in keeping Europe at peace. The German Chancellor will now find that he hasn't an old fossil to deal with. The newly-elected Master of the United- Service Lodge is Brother Plummer. The Assistant Engineer, Mr. Lovell, wants srs months' leave prior to resigning. Sir Morell MacKenzie complimented and decorated by the German Emperor. Detachment of the G.O.M,'s Irish brigade ringleaders in Sunday's lawless mobs. The Lord Mayor of .London was lately entertained at a Court bail in Brussels. Three inward oceau steamers at Largs Bay made things lively for the boat service. New theatre contemplated to be built in Cnrrie- street—accommodation for 4,000. Sun rose at 6.22 a.m.; Beta at 5.41 p.m. Moon rose at 5.54 &.m,; gets at 5.54 p.m. John Grace sentenced to death for the murder of John Stapleton at Hill Grove. The German Empress will personally see to the relief of her drowned-out subjects, "London's Lord Mayor has started a fund for relief of flooded districts in Germany. Old Blood-and-Iron may find that he h&3 played the fool on that betrothal business. Russia Is now waiting for a "sudden revolution in Bulgaria" to settle her d'ffioulty. Our blue- coated soldiers are now the subjects of the General's tender solicitude. The etiquette oE Court mourning doesn't prevent the German Empress doing her duty. Judell & Co.'s store at Petersburg insured for £2,500 in the Hamburg-Magdeburg Company. Tbat stranded steamer TituB was nnder the command of our old friend Captain Snewin. President Meeks will giro his farewell speech at the Chamber of Commerce this afternoon. General Downes has arranged for a Staff Instructor to drill the different Volunteer Companies. Some members .of the Civil Service Commission off to Melbourne and Sydney on enquiry bent. A ssilor who died this week in Melboarne left £700 to Commissioner Howard of the Salvation Army. A hen at Truro, owned by Mr. J. H Fairey, has been laying eggs weighing from 4 oz. to 5 oz. each. This is held to be the record. 'Next, please.'' What a different complexion that royal betrothal has assumed since Queen Victoria arrived in Berlin ! Our Crown Princess has established a splendid reputation for English women among her German subjects. Quotation for Apiil 11:— Let tby fair wisdom, not thy passion, sway. Twtlf<h Sight. ThatStaffOrderistoo courteous:—".Ottuera commanding battalions are requested," &,;. " If what, your Honour ? " If you please." The daughters of the Prince of Wales being of mairiageable age, Parliament, it is said, is to be asked to settle upon them their portion. Some people want Salisbury Cemetery Reserve speedily utilized, but the Government consider West-terrace quite equal to our needs for Borne time. A thunderbolt, whioh fell at Brixton, having been analysed, was found to consist of 40 per cent, of iron, 40 per cent, of solphpr and a little lime, nickel, and silica. The Great Northern Railway Company are now running carriages lighted by electricity. A dynamo, with accumulators, is placed in the guard's van, and IB driven from the axle of the train wheels. The Queen has sent a gold and diamond locket; containing her portrait, to the infant daughter of the parish minister at Crathie, near Balmoral, The child has been named Alexandrine Victoria. Mr. J. Z. Sellar contributes the following definitions of religion:—" Love to God, love to Christ, love to man." " To know the right and to pursue it." " Enthusiasm based upon reason, reaching after a pure morality." The rich costumes worn by the Queen of the Sandwich Islands dnring her jubilee visit to England have been destroyed by the native ladies, who are indignant that their sovereiga should have given herself np to the follies of fashionable London. A hamper was lately handed in to the guard of a train at Doncaster, addressed to the stationmaster at Midgley. Upon being opened it was found to containa living infant wrapped in flrnneL The baby was sent to the workhonse. The Queen is to have some permanent memorial of the Women's Jubilee Offering in addition to the Prince Consort statue and the Nursery Institution. The ladies of the committee contemplate presenting Her Majesty with a pearl necklace—one 1 of great cize and beauty,havingj>een prepared by a Court jeweller. Her Majesty having' been! BO often applied to of late by the mothers of triplets ordered her Secretary to inform a Leigh applicant that " there Is no Rush thing as a Qaetn'a Bounty. It is merely a charitable donation granted to those who are in poor and indigent circumstances, to assist them to meet the unforeseen demands caused by .the unexpected addition toi the family." A " ghoBt" which lately had nightly terrified people in a village on the outskirts of Shrewsbury has been rffectually laid; 50 villagers set out with sticks and missiles, and succeeded in'effecting a capture. The ghost was none other than a farmer. Hii captors chastised him severely, and he w» only released on hiB handing over £5 for tha looal infirmary byl way of compensation for his folly. 