Dramatic. 11 An'fc please your honor, players.'* . -TAMINO OF THE SHBEW. Act 1,'Boone 1. A POPULAR COMEDIAN. MR. J. R. GREVILLE. Mr. J. R. Greville's entrance on the world's stage took place in Dublin, in 1834. He early showed a taste for acting, and figured with no little credit as an amateur. At the age of 18 years, and while yet undecided as to what career he should choose, he caught the prevailing gold fever, and started to seek his fortune in Australia. After a varied esperience on the diggings, he joined the first theatrical com- pany whioh played in Bendigo, in the Shamrock Theatre. Beginning in small parts, he soon came to the front as a comedian, though, like many who have excelled in that line, tragedy was his first love ; and he had, as many old residents of the goldfields will remember, even boldly wooed her in such characters as the Ghost and King in " Hamlet," and Baradas in "Richelieu"-not to mention Iago and Othello. But the frolic sister muse was not long in claiming him aa her own. In the year 1855 Mr. Greville beoame managor of the first decently-built theatres of which Ballarat could boast "The Old Montezuma," and " Charlie Napier." There he got acquainted with his fellow townsman, G. V. Brooke, and with George Coppin. By the latter he was induced to accept an engagement as leading comedian, and also to take the stage management of the Pavilion Theatre, Cremorne, Melbourne, the company of whioh inoluded Hoskins, Rogers, Julia Matthews, and the Edouin family. The season waa opened by Mr. Coppin himself as Lovibond in Tom Taylor's "Overland Route." When it had closed, Mr. Greville played two engagements in Geelong with his own burlesque company, and also supported the Gougenheim sisters, and the Irish comedian, John Drew. In 1858, and for some years following, during the very successful engage- ments of Joseph Jefferson, Charles Dillon, Lady Don, and Walter Montgomery, he managed the Adelaide Theatre, always playing leading comedy and burlesque, ranging from Queen Elizabeth and Lord Dundreary to Touchstone and the First Grave digger in "Hamlet." His next venture was responsible management in partnership with Alexander Henderson. They rented the Prin- cess's Theatre, Melbourne, for a short season of extravaganza with the Nelson sisters. Shortly afterward he resumed business relations with George Coppin, for whom he managed the Hay- market Theatre, Melbourne, and the Victoria and Prince of Wales's Theatres, Sydney, during the engagements of Barry Sullivan, James Anderson, and Madame Celeste, and the farewells of Julia Matthews and " Billy " O'Neill. In 1877 he went into partner- ship for five years with Messra. Coppin and Hen- nings in the management of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. In connection with their regime are to be remembered many brilliant productions and revivals assooiated with the names of favorite actors. Daring 1880 the partners successfully conducted the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, till the house was burned down, after whioh their enterprise, was directed to the Queen's Theatre, where, with the engagement of Miss Pomeroy, and the pantomime of " Jack the Giant-killer," they secured big returns. For the success of their Sydney seasons (as it may be worth- while to add) Messrs. Coppin, Greville, and Company acknowledged that much thanks was due to their courteous and indefatigable Sydney agent and acting manager, Mr. Harry Smart. Since he gave up management Mr. Greville has played long engage ments with Messrs. Williamson and Company and latterly, under the banner of Mr. George Rignold in Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, he has been renew- ing what has always been a mutually agreeable, acquaintance with the Sydney public. As Mr. Greville's regular apprenticeship to the stage began in this country, and as the whole of his subsequent professional experiences has been acquired here, he is of course to be regarded as, to all intents and pur- poses, an artist of purely native growth. There have been few moro popular ones here, whether native or imported. It may be mentioned that all his surviv- ing relations are residents of those colonies. His father, at a good old age, is still living in Victoria; his youngest son, Robert, is making his way as an actor ; while his eldest son, Dr. Sampson Greville, is returning to Australia after having won medical honors in Edinburgh, and tho M.R.C.S. degree in London. 