HELEN'S DILEMMA CIt.U'TEn vii. (coxtisued.) After dinner thoy lounged nliout tho torraco, fed tho poncocks ; and. oh ! happy thought ! hurriotl upstairs as tlio daylight ivanod and routed among tho old ward robes for tho drosses and decorations o£ a uymmo ago. Thoy would all dross up for suppor !— this was Katie's idea ; anil it was carried out, dospito Helen's remonstrances, that b'io could not think of wearing tho gar ments of Sir Rupert's ancestors. Would not dream of taking such a liberty ' " Ridiculous nonsenso !" saitl Loo-Loo, who wns standing amid, a lioap of old brocades with a pair of high-hoolod sllp- pnrs in hur hands. "Ruport lots us do ns wo ploaso with all tho old rubbish. "We had a lot ovor at homo for our charades. Thore's ouough to dross tho wholo county hero! Como, mako vour choico. L'or moroy sako look at Katio in tho brocade witli tho pink and hluo roses as large as caulillowors ! " pointing to hor sistor, wlio wns rapidly transform ing horsolf by moans of flour, cork, and paint, into a lady of tho Inst century, nntl was intensely absorbed in lior own reflections. . " I shall hnvo this brown ? tmd onlil TtTif.b flin nftffinrtnf " j "Woll, if I must, I mustl I think l this white satin and gold body and train oyer tho ennnry- coloured petticoat, and theso funny littlo shoe3, and that bit of old Inco, will just complete my costumo. No ono is to look at nnyono till we nro nil drossod. Wo will moot nt supper — is 1 not that tho ngrooinont?" Holon said, bundling up hor finory, aud quitting tho npartmont, Hnlf-nn-hour later sho made hor ap pearance downstairs, walking vory slowly . into tho library with hor trnin ovor hor 1 nrm, Sho mado a doop revoronce to tho I two. sisters. Thoir oxulamations of snr- , ... I - -pi-inn nnd dolight. worn warmly cohood by Y Mrs. Banco, wiio loudly assured Helou I that she. wns, for nil tho world, liko ono l of tho pictures in tho gallery como down out of its frarao. Certainly it would havo boon hard to find anything prettior than Miss Holon Brown. She woro a low, white satin body, roundod on hor shoulders, and finished off with a littlo lnco fichu j tho olbow sloovos woro nlso gnrnisliod with . doop rufilcs to match ; a long swooping \ train ovor a bright yollow satin petticoat, ' , l-ovealihg tho duintiost littlo foot in yollow \- Bilk stookings and vory pointed yollow . ' shoos ; hor wavy hair was pulled low ovor hor' foroliond to rosomblo tho Btylo of ciliffuro of tho time of Charles tho S'ocond ; a Erenoh volvot round hor wrists and throat, and a bunch of crimson rosos in hor broast, completed hor costumo. "Whon suppor wns ovor thoy plnyotl whist, thou thoy rnmmngod among tho books ; and finally, about bodtimo, thoy began to toll ghost storios. Katio soomcd to havo any number nt hor fingers' onds, and oaoli moro grisly and blooil-cnrdling than tho last. Loo- Loo sat a trniisfixod listener, with staring oyos and opon mouth, nnd a faco oxpross- ivo of tho liveliest approhonsion ; but Holon laugbod ovory story in its turn to scorn, suggested lobster suppors, night- mnro, sloop- walking, robbora — in short, ovprything but ghosts ; but ICatio and Loo-Loo woro both firm boliovors, and liat to ho laughed at with impunity. Thoy bocamo nrgumontativo — hot — finally, angry. "It is all vory woll to talk!" Bnid Katie, scornfully. " Ono ia couragoons enough in company, and over this roar ing big firo, anil a woll-lightcd room, but if you liavo tho courngo of your opinions show it. Will you go nlono, without n light, to tho vory end of tlio pictuvo-gallory and bring mo my fan, whioh I loft in. the window-soat? Como now ! " "Why? I accept your cbnllongo!" said Holon, standing up and pushing hack hor oliair. _ Just as slio got to tho door sho lightly kissod tho tips of hor fiugors to the girls at tho firo, and saying — " Faro thec woll, and if for ovor, Still for ever, faro tlieo woll," immediately disappeared. It wns a bright moonlight night, nnil about half-past twolvo o'clock as sho spod upstairs, flow along the empty cor ridors, and clattered down tho stops loading to tho picturo-gallory. Pattor, patter, patter, went her littlo liigh- hoolcd shoos, all down botweon tho two rows of staring pictures — somo of whioh woro in bright light anil somo in slindow. "It is cortninly vory crpopy!" slio said to horsolf j and what ii noiso hor Bhoes mado in tho dcnil, opprcssivo silonco. Sho had almost reached tho ond of hor journoy. Hor hand was already strotcliod out for hor prizo.'whon it suddohly dawned upon > hor highly-strung senses that someone was standing in tlio ombrasuro of. tlio window — a man with folded arms and a dark, resolute fnoo ! — a man in a stool cuirass and crimson sash — 0110 of tho pictures— Sir Everard himsolf ! ; Hor heart literally stopped heating for n: socond, nnd thon wont on in loud, audiblo thumps. Still stretching out hor .hand to snatch tho fan sho was about to turn and floo, but slio was hold fast. A grasp of iron onoirclod hor wrist, and tho figuro spoke. " So wo havo mot at last, madam, it said, with slow distinctness. Helen ti-omblcd- liko n rood shaken in tho wind, nnd was unablo to articulate a word. " NVhother.in .tho body or tho spirit, you do not stir from lioro till you mako known your namo and orrnnd 1 " Roloaso mo ! lot mo go ! " orioil Holon, vainly struggling to froo hor hand. " Wiio ovor you aro, you linvo no right to detain mo — I command yon to roloaso mo ! " " I will lot you go on 0110 conditionv my pretty, trembling littlo ghost!" said tho cavalier, gazing down into hor faoo of agouizod horror. " Wlioovor you are, you must givo mo a kiss," drawing hor nonrer to him. Sho looked nt him paralysed with fonr. Yes, ho was tho vory solf-samo Sir Evor- ard who was snid to walk in tlio. gallery, ovan to tho smallest details of his dross ! Thoro could ho no possible mistake ! ns slio gazed at bim withioyos nonrly glnzod with hovror. Ho Btoopod forward with a sinilo nnd prossod hor lips with his black monstacho. J " Now you may go," ho said, with a gesture of fnrowoll. Sho needed no socond bidding. Two minutes later, Holon had burst into tlio library as if a wholo logond of spectres woro in liot pursuit. Panting for broath, and whito as hor gown, she'east horsolf into a chair, and, holding hor hand to hor heart, ox- claimed, — " I have soon him ! " "Soon whom?" criod tho two girls, simultaneously. v " Soon Sir Evorard. Ho was at tho ond of tlio lousr irallorv. Oh! it nnarlir killed me I Look ! " sho addod, her voice rising to a littlo scream — "thoro ho. is again!" And at that instant tho opposite door opened, nnd tho cavalier calmly walkod into tho room. "Ruport! exclaimed his cousins, rising, with' groat amazement. ""Who would hnvo oxpeotod to soo you horo to night ?— and in fancy dross !- "Whoro did you drop from ? " "I came from tho ball; I had hod onoagh of it. My aunt told mo you woro liora pbnt I thought you would all have boon in' your beds hours ngn." " Thon it was you who have just given LLU1U11 OUl»ll Utl U1T1UI iliUV t OMMl AiUU Loo, pointing to whoro Holon Bat, still whito nnd trembling. "Pardon mo, it was just tho othor way," ho replied, bowing mhordirootion. " I was crossing tho gallory to go to my own' room, when I hoard a patter, patter, patter of liigh-hoelod shoos coming down tho gallery, nnd thon I bohold tho white lady advancing towards mo with tho utmost spood. I enn assure you I very nearly fainted. Howovor, I nm delighted to find that my fenrs woro unfounded, and that alio is roal flesh and blood. May T lm.vn flio linnonr nf -an Intrnfliiafinn. In tho form of a follow-mortal 1 " ho added, looking at Katio. "Please assure your friend that I am a solid foot ! " "Miss Brown, our governess — Sir Ruport Lynn." Holon made n vory faint inclination of lior head. Sho had by no moans for given Sir Ruport for tlio awful fright ho had givon hor, her hodvt was boating loudly still — anil thon tho kiss ho had dared to tako ! At tho moro rocolloction tho lilood mounted to hor pnle choeks.\ Sir Ruport gazed in incredulous amnzo- mont, lina thon 6aid, — " Pray forgivo mo, Miss Brown, for the start I must havo givon you — it was wholly unpremeditated," laying down his broad-loafod hat, and taking a okuir bo- sido bov. " It wns partly our fault," interrupted Katio. "Wo dressed up for fun, this evening; nnd thon, from old family pic tures, wo got to talking about ghosts, and Holon doclarod sho did not beliovo in thom ! — so wo dared hor to go to tho ond of tho picturo-gnllory alone, and sho no- oopteil tho cliallongo with tlio result you soo ! " looking ovor at hor friond, who lay bock in hor clinir, and still soomod almost as if sho woro about to faint. "I nssnro you, I'm awfully sorry. Miss Brown," snid hor host, looking full into lior faco with his handsome dark oyos. "I thought, at first, you were a ghost, and I wns dotorminoil to mako you stand nnd deliver ; thon, whon I saw you woro mortal, I imagined you to ho somo girl who wns playing a trick on mo,, and I was dotorminoil to pay you out. Will you forgivo mo ? " ho askod, humbly. "I cannot forgivo you nltogothor 1 " said Holon, with scnrlot chooks, and with out raising lior oyos. " What nonsonso, nolen ! Of courso you will forgivo him— he only gnvo you a littlo fright ! oxcluiinod Katio, indig nantly, innocontly unaware of tlio littlo kiss. "I-Iow odd that you should moot in such a way— masquerading, and both in tho characters that bolong ' specially to tho gallery.' " " Young Indies ! young ladios ! " ox- claimed Mrs. Banco, opening the library door, and sponking in a shocked voico. " Is it posit We that you aro not in your boils hours ago? Whatever nro". you doing sitting up liko this ? I havo boon so busy gotting Sir Rupert's room airod that I forgot all about you till I saw tho fight, under tho door, nnd hoard voicos ! " " Mrs. Banco, I liavo boon the innocent moans of giving Miss Brown n torriblo fright," imid Sir Ruport. " Sho must havo snmo wino — n glnES of that Madeira, " — Holon mado a quiok gosturo of dissont, and an effort to rise — "and, indood, I think wo would all bo tho bottor for a littlo BUppor. Do you think you can forago out anything for us in tho lnrdor ?" " Woll, Sir Ruport, M see what I can do. Thore's a cold raised pio and a fruit tart. But I'm sure Into suppors, and theso hours, aro not tho thing for Miss Loo-Loo ! " suiil Mrs.' Banco, with a glnncoof respectful romonstranco. " Nonsonso, Mrs. Banco I Lato suppors nnd lato hours will just suit mo down to tho ground ! And I'll com-- and liolp you to carry up tho things — Murks is in lior first swoot sloop, of courso 1 " said Loo-iioo, bounding out of tho room liko a young kangaroo. " Now, Rupont, toll mo how you camo bore ? whoro you camo from ? nnd what you liavo boon doing P" said Katio, loaning hack in lior clinir, and gazing at hor cousin imperiously "How I camo horo? is your first question — I enmo in a fly from tho King's Iload, Toreliestor. Whoro I camo from is quostion nurnbor two ; I camo from tho Duko's ball ; I only landed at Dovor this morning, nnd as I had a dross and an invitation, I went with somo friouds, I stayed an hour, saw all tho most wonder ful costumos, bow you motlior — who, by- tho-by, is going to Bond for you nt cook- crow "to-morrow — and fooling rathor dono up after my loug journoy, I thought I would go homo mid turn in, as I was not very keen about dancing ! " " Wasn't Banco 111 a fino state of fuss whon you \ 'alkod in ? " " Oh, Banco is usoil to it," I10 replied, lightly ; " and I sont my things, mybng- gago, ovor from Torchcstor early in tho evening ; so she had somo warning." . " Wns it a good ball P " " Yes, it Beamed going off all right— awfully orowdod, of coilrso." " I supposo Flora Fox was tlioro ? " " I suppose sho was 1 " ho answorod : with u smilo. " Halloa, horo comos sup por at last ! Loo-Loo bearing tho fruit tart!" , Miss Brown now rose, and declining wino, suppor, or any refreshment, bado tho compuny good-night and retired, vory inuoh to everybody's disappointment, " Now, Ruport I " said Loo-Loo, draw ing hor chair cluso up to hor cousin, with a confidential hitbh. " TeU lis what you- think of hor ? and give me a good helping of pio, and plenty of paste nnd gravy." " If you mean Miss Brown, r could not possibly oxpress any opinion on so short an acquaintance! Sho must bo a very re markable character. To have boon ' your governess for six wholo months, and to ;be. ablo to retain her situation: and' hor reason ! " ho oddod, with a laugh. "Sho is not a hit liko what you ox- pooted.to soo, is slio P" askod ICatio. "Yeu hod no idea sho would bo so pretty, had you? — and sho is twico as nico ns sho looks !." " Dolly told mo sho was a stunner — an out-nnd-outor ! in a, confidontal moment ; so I was hot utterly unprepared." : "And don't you think she is awfully pretty?" abIcou Loo-Loo, ,wlio had a groat rospbot for her cousin's opinion. " I don't think wo ought to discuss her in this way," he replied, ovnsivoly. " Let mo tell you about all the pretty things 1 have brought you from Constantinople— Bilver filagree, slippers, and sweets." : " ,Oh\ liavc you ? you doar, duok of a Rupert 1 "s said Loo-Loo, clapping hoi; hands; iyorwfiolming him with questions and ontirely 'forgetting her governess's good looks. : ' But all tho timo Ruport was saying to himsolf " that Miss Brown was simply tho loveliest- girl ho hod ovor. soon — such, oyos, such a profile, such a oarriago ! Tho rule of governess was a gross misfit for a young lady of lier ago and appearanco. Who could sho bo ? Whoro did she come from?" A fow diplomalio questions put' him in command of all the faots that his cousins millri toll Itim Rhn nnmn frnm Tnrlin she was an orphan— sho had no friends in this country, and she was vory poor ; but sho was olevor, accomplished, of a vory bright disposition, and altogether and in every way charming. "And how do she and Blanche coa lesce? " ho asked with a curious smile. " Oh ! thoy hardly soe each othor ! Wo stay up in tho schoolroom; and Holon very rarely gooa to tho drawing-room, unless she is required to play and sing, if there is company. She hales it, I can tell you ; "but Bho has not had much of it, as the mater and Blanoho were in London all spring — and Dolly was a good rid- danco ; ho was always prowling' about the schoolroom or the park bothoring us. I don't think Helen likes him ! " sho added, in a burst of confidence. To this Rupert mado no reply;. but mentally remarked to himsolf, " that I10 was by no moans Burprisod at tho intelli gence." "Thoro is ono o'clock striking ! " ho ex claimed, rising. . " Girls, you must go to bed," ho added, authoritatively. "I don't know what your mothor would say to mo if she were to hear of this midnight dobauch!" So lighting thoir candlos .he politely escorted them into their own corridor, anil thon rnado his way to liis own far . distant apartment. As ho walked down tho long, eohoing pioturo- gallpry, I10 still seemod to soo her flying towards him in the moonlight, a nigh resolve imprinted in her perfect faco — sho who was occupying a most unusual share of his thoughts — who subsequently ap peared to liim in moro than ono odd fantastio dream — Helen Brown, liis cousin's beautiful govornoss I OltAETER viii The noxt morning was a lovely one, in tho early part of Juno. At nine o'clock tho throo girls camo trooping down to breakfast, which was laid out in the library, closo to an opon window. A curious old tea-equipage (a voritablo Ann), choico old cups and saucors of dolicato orown Derby china; hot cakos, homo-ourod ham, homo-mado preserves, and frosli oggs graco the hoard, groupod round a contro-pioco fillod with forus and exquisite rosos. Tho host was already down, and was sitting half ia and half nut tho open window as they entered. Seen by broad daylight, without his bright cuirass, fancy dress, and cavalier hat, ho was a tall, slight, liandsomo young man, with dark oyos, dark moustnoho, and a singularly expressive face, drossod in a woll-mudq, light morning suit, with a bit of jessnmino" in his button-hole. Ho immediately roso, and greotod his cousins cordially — thoir govornoss deferentially. He looked into her . lovely eyes— thoro he plainly saw that sho had by no means forgotten their little advonturo of tho previous night. Sho now wore a plain, but woll-fitiing, whito morning dress, hor golden-brown locks pushed away from hor low, broad forehead, and wound into a tight, mas sive, shining knot at tho baok of hor classic hoad. Breakfast was by no means as convivial as tho late suppor had boen. Dospito Ruport's valiant ondoavour to inako con versation gonoral, Miss Brown was as cold and irresponsive as tho typical ico- borg. It was a falso position ! — a horri ble position ! — thoir Doing horo in this young man's houso — entertained by him ! Of courso it was accidontal — hut, novor- tlioloss, it was oxcocdingly unpleasant; and as to the scono in the picturo-gaUory — it would not boar thinking about ! After breakfast thoy roamed about tho placo, oscortod by Sir Ruport. who paid a visit to tlio kennels and released his old setters — Dash and Grouso — and was al most thrown down by thom in tho oxu- boranco of their dolight. Thon thoy went to tho stablos, whoro ho was gladly recognised by his hunters. Gradually thov mado thoir way into tho grounds, ana thon into the gardon ; and Holon, in spito of horsolf, was drawn into tho con versation, and found it impossible to re sist tho seduction of Sir Ruport's maimer. Thoy visited tho fishponds and foil tho fish ; thoy loitorod anil dawdled about for nearly two hours, and thon Katio, seating horsolf on tho bottom stop of a shallow flight, dosirod Ruport to tako Miss Brown to soo tho haunted troo, just by, and tho lovors' walk, as sho was too tiroil to walk anotlior stop, and Loo had gono in for another supply of broad for tho fish. In spite of Ilolon's disclaimers that "it would do anotlior timo," Bho was lod nway by hor host, conduotod down tlio steps nnd along a. shady walk, whoro old branching limos interlaced thoir arms ovorlioail, and almost shut out tho sun light. It wns called tho "lovors' walk," anil surely 110 pair of lovors who ovor broatliod out vows of eternal oonstimoy, or pncoil nrin-in-nrin uiuloriiunth thoso old troos, woro ovor as goodly to look on ns tlio couplo who now oamo down from tho tcrrnco and passod into its cool shadow! Thoy walked in doop medita tion for at lonst five minutes, aud at lost bespoke. " Miss Brown," ho snid, glancing at lior, "I nm glnd to liavo a momont with you alono, to nsk you to forgivo ino for — for my littlo uiistako last night." No answer. "It was ontiroly unintentional," I10 plondod ; "I had not tho smallest idoa who you woro. I thought " "If you will promiso novor to sponk of it again," broko in Holon impationtlv, "I will do my best to forgot it. Yes, I will ondoavour to forgot it, sho addod tremu lously. "That is more than I Bhall do," ho rashly admitted. " I shall never forgot it ; but if I havo your forgivonoss, I can hear tho recollection with fortitude." " Sir Rupert!" exclaimed Holon has tily. _ "Aro you taking advantage of my position in your aunt's houso to sponk to me iu a manner you would not dare to do to any young lady whom you might think your equal?" , Sho stopped, folded hor hands before her, anil looked at him with glowing ohoeks and indignant oyos. "You quito mistake mo, Miss Brown," said hor companion quietly. "I don't know about tho word 'dare,' but I cer tainly would not care to make the samo spoech. to any of the young ladies of my acquaintance — and you aro thoir equal in ovory sonso of tho word, in my opinion. If I havo offended you, for/rive me." Again Helon mado no reply, but, avert ing hor faco, walked on in silence. " Horo is tho tree," ho said, as, thoy camo out iri tho avemto, and walking a few pacos in the park, stood undor a wide- spreading, vory bright, coppor beeoh. " The logond is that a murder was com mitted beneath this troo, and that from boing nn ordinary groon beoch it in stantly. took tho color of a reddish coppor ; but I cannot vouoh for the truth of tho statomont," ho said, withaBmilo, ." Havo you mode up your mintl ? Aro you going to forgivo mo ? " ho prooooiled. " Como, Miss Brown, I did not think you woro so hard to convinco ! You had hotter be on good terms with mo, as when. I am at noma 1 spona nan my tuno in tno school room at IGiigscourt." " You will havo to obtain my permis sion now /" sho replied, a smilo stealing round tho corners of hor lips. " I allow no idling." "I promiso novor to intrude uninvited, if you will bo friends with mo. Como, now!" — holding out his hand— " I nm making a great concession — it is to ho peaco, is it not?" "Well! atruoo, at any rate,' sho re plied, putting hor little hand in liis. Alas ! at what a momont ! Just as Mrs. Despard and Blanoho woro rolling past up tho dyonuo, roolining tit almost full longth in thoir luxurious landau. "Mamma! did you soo that?" oriod Blanoho, storting into a bolt upright position. "What!" asked hor mothor, snap pishly. " Ruport nnil Miss Brown ! under tho hooch treo, hand-in-haml ! " sho answorod, with almost tragical solomnity. " Impossible ! " exclaimed tho matron, now thoroughly rousod. "Impossible! is must havo beon Katie ! Miss Brown is a singularly well-conducted young per son. She nover ovou speaks to Dolly ; and that sho nnd Rupert should already liavo made such strides towards familiar ity iB simply preposterous ! " "Woll! snoing is bolioving," said hor daughter, acrimoniously. " Look book — who- are tlioso people walking across tho grass ? " sho askod, imporiously. "Bless _my soul!" ojaoulntod her mother with unusual vohomonce. " I can hardly holiovo my oyos. It is Rupert and Miss Brown alone t to iip. contikukd. 