DEAD MAN'S ROCK. THE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. A Romance bx Q. ' BOOK IL CHAPTER VIII. (Continued.) ' SELLS HOW THE CURTAIN PELL UPON ' PBANOKSCi I A TBAGEDY.' I do not know who composed the overture. It is haunted by one exquisite air, repeated, lading into variations, then ruing once more only co sink into che tender Borrow of a minor key. I have heard it but twice in my life, but. the music, of it is with me to this day. Then, as I heard it, it carried me back to the hour when Tom and I aat expaotaut io this same theatre, ne trembling for hie play's success, I for the sight of my love. Poor Tom 1 The end melody wailed upwards as chough it were.the voice of the windplaying nbout his grave, every note breathing pathos oc suspiring in tremuloas anguish. Poor T.jm i Yet your love was happier than mine J better to St. with CIa«o'o aiaa .arm upon' the lips than to live with bat the memory of it. The throbbing music bad ended, and the play began, As before, the audience were without enthusiasm at first, but to-uight they knew they had but to wait, and tbey did so patiently ; bo .that when at lust Claire's voice died softly away at the close of, her openiug song, the bushed house was suddenly shaken to its roof With the Btorm and tumult of applause. There she stood, serene and glowing, as one that had never known pain My very eyes doubted. On her face was no sign of suffer ing, no trace of a tear. Was (the, then utterly, without heart?' In my memory I retraced the scene of that afternoon,- and all my reason acquitted her. Yet us she s-oon there in her glor ous epiphany, illamined with .the blazing lights, and radiant iutbe joy ami freshness- of youth, I could have doubted whether, alter all, CluriSBa Lambert- and Oiaire LuttrelL were one and the same. . There' was one thing wbioh I did not fail, however, t> note as sirango. She did not ones glance in the direction of my box, bat kept her eyes steadily averted And it their iiddealy dawned upon me that ehe mast be playing with a purpose ; but what that pur pose was I could not guess. Whatever it was, she was acting magnifi cently »nd had for the present completely surrendered herself to her art. Grand aa that art had been on the fir«t night of ' Franceses:' the power of that performance was utterly eclipsed to-night. Once between the acts I heard two voices in the pnssige outside my box — ' ' What do' you think of . it ?' Baid the first: ' What can I ?'- answered the other. - Ana how can I tell you ? It is altogether above words.' ' Ha was right. It was not bo much admira tion as awe and worship that held the house that night. I have heard a man say since that he wondera how ths play could ever have raised adything beyond a laugh. He Hkoald have heard the sobs that every now and then would break uncontrollably fortb, even whilst Claire was speaking. He should have <elt the hush that followed every scene before the audience could recollect itself and pay its thunderous .tribute. Still Bhe never looked towards me, t'nongh all the while my eyes were following my lost love; ' Her purpose — and somehow in my heart I grew more and more convinced that some purpose lav beoeath this trunsceadeut display— was waiting for its accomplishment, and in the ringing triumph of her voice I felt it coming nearer — nearer — nntil at last it came. The tragedy was nearly over. France-'ca hoy) niammufiH H op nlrl IfiTOr ftnd his iiaw bride from their oaptivi y and was now left alone npon the stage. The last expectant fiuah had fallen upon the house. Then she a epped slowly forward in the ded silence, and aa she epok the opening lines, for che firefc time. our.eyea met-. dure then, all end a ®U invo, all. bate, all vows,"' > It vio r-'oroaohe v Aye, 'tis better bo. OttbI lie bsefi. forgive nod I forget . / t'Uoetse ha 'ohaled him to a llfeloog curse,',; Who « so htrt sabt 'o give eoa, gtvoain vaia, While hfo remained ih»t mdf fo'itmneaB doar. hotter to elea«o him— lovl ir m ra Mow lovo Itslovo aod bo i? he«( .. Tcad sh -u d i'. by. epjoyratn'- reek his joy, ttlivhiloc nia love lor whom loue 1 lived. No, no. Am Did i j i-t, It could not be. Yet, oh, my lovo, bvbpt>yfo the d»ys 1 may noSfhare. with mr «boe present lips B'lrotbrtrigbtbof Vmotv > I wald noa have th"e think. e»ye now and. then. e in & drem that Ib uot ah a drara— on har whOFelovo was satifhltie fo« an hoar, " » hen did or e'er U« th-am" «:ou'd bla 6 tny ltfo. Be hapovafidfcret what m'tht nave been, ( : Parget my dear embrace in bcrarma My lips in here, my children Id bor eone, ' WMlel- - Dear love, lfc Is not hard to die . Mow o»cethe path DpUto. oe, I accept And step »8 gla 'Iylo the MOrlflce 0 any maid uunn her brlda» m rn— " One ilSUe a roha— one tiny toaub of pain ... And I am quit of pain for evermore. Tt needs no tirvery. Wert tfaoa hore to see, ' I wiiaia nut htve theo weep, but look— one etroka, And ibus— - What was that shriek far back there in the house ? What was chat at siaht of. which the udience rose while and aghast from their seats? What was it thai- made Sebastian as he entered rn9h suddenly forward and fall with awful cry before Francesco's body T What was that trickling down the folds of her white dress ? Blood ? Yes, blood ! In an instant I pnt my hand npon the cushion of the box, vanlted down to the stage »nd was kneeling beBide my dying love. Bat &b; the clapmroaa bell rang down the curtain, i beard above its noiee a light and silvery laugh, and looking up saw iu the box next to mine tbe coal-black, devilish eyes of the yellow woman. Then the curtain fell. CHAPTER IX TELLS HOW TWO VOICES LED MB TO BOABD A SCHOONER ; AND WHAT BEFELL THERE. She died' without Bpeech. Only, as I knelt beside her and strove to staunch that crnel stream of blood, her beautiful eyes sought mine in utter love, and, aa the la»t agony sho k her frame, b'fove to rend the filmy veil of death and speak to me still. Then with one loag contented sigh, my love was dead. It was scarcely a minute before all was over. I pressed one last kiss npon he yet warm lips, tenderly drew her white mantle across the pallid face, and staggered from tbe theatre. I bad not raved or protested as I had done that same afternoon. Fate had no power to make me feel now ; the point of anguish was passed, and in its place succeeded a numb stupidity more terrible by far, though far more blessed. My love was ded- Then I was dead for any sensibility to suffering that I possessed, Hatiess and cloakleas, I'stspped out into the freez<ng night air, and regardless of the curious looks of the passing thrnng I turned and walked rapidly westward up the Sound, There was a large and eager crowd outside the Coliseum, for already tbe news was spreading : but something in my face made them give room, and I passed through them as a man in a stance. The white orb of the moon wsb high in Heaven ; the frozan pavement sounded hollow nnder foot ; the long street stood, oat, for all its yellow gaslight, white and distinct against tbe olear air ; but F marked nothing of this. I 'went westward because ray h»rae lay westward, and some instinct took my harrying feet thither I had no purpose, no sensation; For : aught I know, that night London might have been a city o tbe dead. Suddenly I halted honea'h a limp-pns', and began dimly to think. Mv Jj8 that waa the one fact that filled my hough at. firet. an so I -trove to image 't opou! Hr»in, but ooald not. But a« I foehlv struggling with the thought ano r took its pl«ca. . Why Bhbul<?t I !,v® ' conirse hot ; better and . it a'' ®t and possessed with, this idea I ttat®< ®" once mora. m ' I," . J. B- " degree?, as I walked, a ot .shaped itself before me. I would go. home, get jny. grandfather's key. together with tne tin WDX containing my father's journal, and then www for the river. Tn at would be an easy oetw, and I could Bink for ever, before l penshdfl, air trace of the black secret which had pM- sued my life. I and the mystery would together — so . best. Then, without Pfjfflt almost with ghastly merriment, 3 thought that this was the same river whioh had mnrr inured ao sweetly to my love. Well, no doubt its voice would be just as musical over my grave. The Bute river — but nearer the sew now— nearer the infinite Beg, _ ' As I reflected, tbe idea took yet Stronger possession of me. Yes, it was in all respeew the beBt Th? curse should end now, ' Lvfln as tbe Heart of the Ruby is Blood and »ta Eyes a Flaming Fire, so shall it be for tngSk ihat would possess it. Fire shall be their portion and Blood their inheritance . fOt ever.' For ever? No; tbe river ehomO wash the blood away and quench the fire. Then arose another text and hammered at the ' door of my remembrance. ' Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the Roods dro<vn it.' 'Miny waters— many w at era. The words whispered appealingly, invitingly in my ears, ' Many wacerB.' My feat boafa tune to tbe words. ' I reached my lodgings, ran upstairs, took out the' key and the tin box, and descended again into the halL My landlord was slipping down the latch. . He Btaredat seeing m« Do not latch the door just yet. I am going out again,' I said eimply. .' Going, out I I thought, sir, it was you-as just now come in.' _ . V«b ; but I mast go oat again. It is im- portant.1 , : He evidently thought m® > and ,,ec> indeed I wasJ . , _ .. ' Wbat, sir, in that dress ? , You've got no hat; no ' ' ..i I bad forgotten. ' True, I said ; . get me » hat and coat.' He stared and then rap upstairs for them. Returning, he Baid : . ' I nave got you thsBe,. sir.; Abut , 1 can s find them as you usually wears.' ' , . . Those will do,' I answered. I muBt hayo lef tbe others at the theatre.' TutB reduced Ut tu bu ufetoi i?DflPCnIflS8D6Wf Mutely ho bolped mo to don tho ovor my thin evening dress. I slipped the tia- box and the key into the pockets. Aa I stepped out once more into the night my, landlord found bis speech : „> 1 Whm will you be back, air ? The question startled me for a moment for a Becond or ! wo I hesitated. ' I asked b-cause you have no latch-key, aa I -appose you left it in your other coat. So chat — — 4 Icdoa9 notmatter,' I answered. Do not sit uo. I shall not be back before morning, and with that I. left bim still standing at the- door, and lia eemg to my footsteps as they hurried down the street- ' Before morning !' Before morning I should be in another world, if there another world. And then lb struck me that Claire and I might meet. Sbw had taken her own life and so should I. Bub no, no — Heaven would forgive her that ; it- conld not oondemn my saint to tbe pit where ,. I should lie. It could not be bo kindly ; cruel ; and then I laughed a loud and bitter laugh. ' , b ill in my dull stupor I found myself nearing the river. I have not mentioned it before, but I must explain now, that during the summer I had purchased a boat, in whiiyi my Oiaire and I were used to row idfy between Streatley and PaDgbonme, or wbitheraover love guided our oara,. TbU boat, with the approach of winter, I bad caused to be brought down the rivar and hart h'luaed in a waterman's shed juit aboye Westminster, until the return of epritag should bring back once more the happy dhye of its employment. ,, t , _ In my heart I bloBaed the chance that had stored it ready to my hand. Stumbling through dark and tortuous streets where tha moon's frosty brilliance was almost completely hidden, I came at last to the waterman's door and knocked. He was in bed, and for soma time my sum mons was in vain. At last i heard a sound inths room above, the window was let down and a sulky voice said, 1 Who's there ? ' Is that you, ' Bagnell ?' I answered. ' Comedown. It is I, Mr. Trenoweth, and I want you.' . There was a low cursing, a long; pause broken by a"mhttered dispute upstairs, and then the street door opened, and Baguell appeared with a lantern. Sagnel). I want my b'oatl' ' « Tn-nigtit, sir ? : And at this hour ?' f Ysb, to-night. I want it particularly.' ' But itis put away behind a dozen others, 'and can't be got:' ! 'Never mind. I will help if you want- assistance, but I muBt have it.' -l Bagnell looked at me for a mmnte, and 1 com a Bed tattb ao luidiu» breath. Is it serious, air? You re not 1 1 am not drank, if that is whatyou mean, but perfectly serious, and I mnst have my boat ' . ' .. Won't another do as well ? \- ' No it willnot." 1 felt in my pocseta ani found 'two sovereigns and a few ehillinga. 'Look here,' I said, 'I will give you tw» poonds if you got this boat out lor me.' ' This coo'quered his roluc ance. He stavew- fot a moment as I m ntionod tho amount and then hastily deciding that I was e'erkr mad, but ' hai it was none of his businese, put on his hat and led the way to iri» boat- iard. ' , . : S umhling in the nnoertam light over innumerable timbers, spars, and clo oars, reached the shed at length, and coge hev iDanaged, after much delay, to get out th®. light boat and let her down to the water. --I gave him the two Bover-ignB as w.ll aa the- few ehillings that remained in my pocket, and us I descended, reflected grimly that, after all, they were better in hiB pusaes- gion ; tbe man who should fiud my body would have so much the less Bpoil. We bad acarc-ly spoken wbi<st we were getting the- host out, and what words we used were- uttered i-. that whisper which night always, enforces; but Ob I clambered down, for tho tide was now far out, and Bagnall passed down the sculls, he asked = : ' When will yoq be back, sir ? ; The same queetion ! I gave it the same- answer: . ' Not before morning, I said, and with & 'ew strokes was out upon tho lido aud pulliQg down the liver. . . I saw him ataudinsj there above in tne1 moomight, etill wondering, until he faded m rhe haze behind. boat wae a hunt Thduiea dingeyt bo that, although I ieU thft' tide running up againat me, it oevertbei«fB&- made fo>r progteBB. What decided roe to- null against the tide rather than floa' quietly upwards r do not know to th»e day. , bo deadened and vagne was all my thought that it probably never occurred to me ,tq correct the- direction in which the first f®jw strokes had taken me. I. ws_ conscioas of. nothing but a rowof lights gliding pa«t ma on either hand, of hero and there » tower oe tall building, that stood up for an ins(«ok against the sky and then »wam ei"wly oat of. -ight ; of tbe creaking of. my sculls in the. ungreased rcwlocks, and, above all, the whita shimmer of the moon following my boat as it ?wung downwards I remember now that, in a childish wayJt tried to escape this persistent brilliance ihat still clung to my boat's side with every Stroka I took that somehow a dull ttiumpti Pg se-sed me when for a moment 1 slif.pqo bene.th the shadow of a bridge, or Cfe'pb behind. a. black and- eilent hull. All thie_ I c.n recall now, and wonder at the trivial natcre of the thonght. Then I caught thtv scent of white roae. and fell to wondering: how it came there. Tnero had been »hesaiB&- scem in the drawingroom that afternoon, X remembeted; when Claire had said good-by& for ever. How bad it followed me ? .Af'tr tnis, I set myself aimle-ely to c unt tho. tights that passed, lost count, and begailk again. And all the time the white glimmu. hung at my side. , , I was -till wrapped up m my cloak, .although the cape waa flung back to. give my 'arms free play. Rowing bo, 1 must quirkjy have been warm ; bnt I felt it no more thanY had felt the ould as 1 walked home trom thfe. » hnnl-.A \ Jfn kAaf orna pronninn glAn>i fhew Middlesex shore, by the Old Temple Smiia,. and Dressn'iy threaded its way through mora, crowded channels, and passed nnder tho- blackness of London Bridge! How 'ar below this I went, 1 cannot clearly-' call to mind. Of distance, as well as of time, I had lost all calculation. I recollect makine:. a circuit to avoid the press of . boats waiting, for the early dawn by Billingsgate Market, and have a vision of theWhite Tower against, the heavens Bat my next impression of aljy , clearness is that of rowing under the sbarfb'w- of a black three -masted schooner that lay close undu shore, tilted over on ber pork Bide in tha low water. As my dingey fl ateiil out agaio from beneath the overhanging., bull, 1 looked up and saw the word?, 1 W ater Witch painted in white upon her pitch-dark bows, . , By this time I was among, tbe tiers ot( shipping. I, looked back over my ehonldqv,. and saw there countless masts looming npjha far . as. eye could Bee . in the dipa light, and . tbeirlaisps, flickering and wavetillgnpoQ tti®,., I, rowed about aecore ot strokes, aud ttqn, stopped. Why go furtoer.? , Tbi« place Wpula serve m well ae any other. No one _R.ke!y. to hear my splash as I went over- coarq, and even if heard it would not be in-: -6rprbted. ( 1. was still near enough to the Middlesex bank to be ont of tbe broad mrou- light (hat lit np the middle of the river. I tppk the tin box out of my cloak and stowed itl&r; a moment io ihe stern. I could sinK it with the key before I flnng myeelf in So. txtlHug tbe key ont of the other pocket, I took off the cloak, then my dress-coat and waistcoat, and . folded them cate- aud placed them on tbe Btern seat. "This done, I slipped the key into one pocket ofriny trousers, my watch and ohain into the other I would do all quietly au.i in order, I reflected. I was silently kicking off my shoes, when a thought struck ma In my last Htrp.-rieB ic was possible that the desire of Ii& would master me, aud almost uncon- AGkiUi-ly I micht 'ake tn nnimminv Tn tha oJddtiya at Lizard Town swimming had been as' natural to me aa walking, and I had no m$i'>t that - 3 so-.n as in the water I shonld tjqgin to strike o.nt. Coaid I count upon -determination euoueb to withhold my a ms and let myself slo-ly drown ? . Here was a oifiiculty ; but I resolved to inake'everj thing eure. I took my handker- ohief nnt of tbe coat pocket, and bent down to tie my. f-et firmly together. All this I d(U, quite calmly and mechanically. Aa far can 6 certain of anything at this dis- tanca of time, I am certain of this, that no thought of hesitation came into my bead. It was not that I overcame any doubts ; they never occurred to me. X'was' stooping down, and had already bound the handkerchief once aronnd my ankles, _ when my boat grated softly against something. I looked up, and saw once more above me a daik ship's hull, and right above my. head the white letter- , Water Witch. This would never do. My boat had drifted up the river again with the tide, Btern fore- xnpBt, bnt a lit -ie aslant, and bad run against tfiq .warp by_ the echooner'a bows. I must pull out again, for oiherwiae the people on board wonld .hear me. I pushed gently off from the warp and took the sculls, when -suddenly I heard voices back towards the stern. My first impulse wait to eet away with all peed, and I had already taken half a etroke, wnen sometning caused my hands to drop and my heart to give one wild leap. 3Vhat was it ? Something in the voices ? X®8 Pbmethinpj that brushed my Btupor from me as though it were a cobweb ; some thing that made me hush my breath, and etrain with all my eats to listen. Tne two voices were tbosa of man and woman. Tbey were slightly raised, as if in a quarrel ; the woman's pleading and entreat ing, the man's threatening and stern. But that waa not the reason tbat suddenly set my heart uncontrollably beating and all the fclood rushing and Barging to my temples. For in tbo-e two voices I recognised Mrs. Lutirell and Simon Colliver ! .' ' Have you not done enough ?' the woman's voice was saying. ' Has yonr cruelty no end, that yon must pursue me so ? Take this money, aud let me go.' ' I must have more,' waa the answer. ' Indeed, I have no more just now. Go, only go, .and I will Bend you some. I swear ' I cannot go,' said the man. 4 Why ?' ''Never mind. I am watched.' Here the voice muttered some words which I could not catch. , ' So tbat unless you wish to see your husband swing — and believe me, my confes sion and last dying speech would not omit to mention tbe kind aid I had received from you and Clar ' , 'Hush! oh, bush! If I get you this .money wilt you leave us in peace for a time ? ' Knowing your nature, I will not ask . for pity; only for a Bhort respite. I muBt tell CiLire, poor girl ; she does not know yet ' Quite softly my boat had drifted once more across tbe schooner's bows. I palled it round until its nose touched tne anchor- chain, and made the painter fast. Then slipping my hand up the chain, I stood with my shoeless feet upon the guuwale by the bowe. Still grasping the chain, I sprang nsd swung myself out to thejibboom that, Wl.th the cant of the vessel, was not fur above the water ; then pressed my foot between the stay and the brace, while I hung for a moment to listen. They had not heard, for I could still catch the murmur of their voices. The creak of the jibboom, and the swish of my own boat beneath, had frightened me at first. Ic seemed impossible that it Bhould not disturb vuwmsi aiau aitva n uiutucu u iu/ bUUiPje returned, and I pulled myself np on to the Lowspirt, and lying almost at full length along . it, for fear of being spied, crawled slowly along, and dropped noiseleEsly on to the deck. "They were standing together by tho mizen- 11)596, he with hia back turned full towards tne, she leBB entirely averted, so that I could eeo; a part of her face in the moontgbt, and the silvery gleam of her grey hair. YeB.it was they, surely enough ; aud they had not seen me. My revenge, long waited for, was in my graBp at 'ast. Suddenly, as I stood there watching them, I""-remembered my kuife — the blade which bad slain my father. I had left it below— fool that I was ! — in the tin box. . Could I creep back again, and return without attiaci- ing their attention ? Shonld I hazard the attempt for the sake of planting that piece of steel in Simon Colliver's black heart? . It was a foolish thought, but my whole eoul wbb set upon murder now, and the chance of eUying him with the very knife left in my father's wound seemed too dear to be lightly given up. Most likely he was armed now, whilst '-I had no weapon but the -naked hand. Yet I did not think of this. I' never even occurred to me that he would defend himself. St ill, the thongbt of that knife - was eweet to me as I crouched there beneath the shadow of the bulwarks. Should I go, or not ? I paused for a moment, unde cided ; thi-n roBe slowly erect. \- As I did so Mrs. Luttrell tamed for an inBtant and- saw me. \- 'As I stood there, bareheaded, with the moonlight shining full npou my white shir" sleeves, I must have seemed a very ghost ; for a look of abject terror swept across her face ; her voice broke off, aud both her hands were flung up for mercy— 'Ob, God ! Look ! look !' As I rushed forward he turned, and then, with the spring of a wild cat, was npon me. Eyien as he leapt, my foot i-lippeil upon the gTe'aBy deck ; I staggered backward one Btep -itwo stepB— and then fell with a crash down the unguarded forecaBtle ladder. - , . CHAPTER X. TELLS IN WHAT MANNER I LEARNT THE 8ECBE ' . OF THE GREAT KEY. \- As my sens a came gradua iy back I could distinguish a narrow, dingy cabin, dimly lit by one ilickeriug oil-lamp which swung from a rafter anove. Its faint ray jnst revealed tbe furniture of the room, which consisted of a seaman's cheat standing in the middle, and two gaunt stools. On one of these I was seared, propped against tbe cabin wall, or rather partition, aud as I attempted to move I learnt- tht I was bound h-nd and foot. Uu tbe other Btool oi p 'site me and beside the chest, eat Simon ' Codiver, silently eyeing me The lamplight as it flared ami waveren cast grotesque aud dancing shadows of the man npon the wall behind, mde of bis matted hair bl -ck eaves under which hia eyes gleamed red as fire, and glinted lastly upon something bright lying on the chest bef< re bim. For a minute or so after my eyes first opened no w»rd was Baid. Still dizzy with my fa'l, I stared for a moment at 'be man, then t the , chest, and saw that the bright objects gleaming there were my grand father's key and my watch chain, at the end of, which bang tbe Golden 01a9p. But now the Clasp was fitted to its fellow and the whole buckle lay united npon the board. "Though the bonds around my arms, wrists, ana aiiKies cuuhuu ui« tuiuieraoie pain, yet my firs'; feeing waa rather of abject humilia'ion. To be caught thuB easily, to be lying here like any rat in a gin < this was the agonising thought. Nor Was thiB all. There on the chest lay tbe Gulden C asp nnited at last — the work com pleted which was begun with that uoboly niasa-cre on board the Belle Fortune. I bad played straight into Colliver's hand. He w.s in no hurry, but sat and watched «ne, there with those intolerably evil eyes. Hjs left hand waB thrust carelessly into his pocket, »nd as he tilted back npon the sto >i ajjd surveyed me, his right was playing with -the. C'asp upon the cbe9t. As I painlnlly -turned my head, a drop of blood came trickling down into my eyes from a cnt in my forehead ; I saw, however, that the door w&s; bolted. An empty bot le and a plate of broken victuals lay carelessly thrust in a corner, and a villainous smell from the lamp filled the whole room and almo-t choked me; but the only sound in the stillness of. the place was the monotonous tick-tick of my 'watch as it lay upon the cheat. How long I bad lain there I conld not guess, 'but I noticed that the 11 or alahted much less than when I first scrambled ott'deck, eo gueasod that the tide must have riSfeii considerably Then having <-xbaasted my' wonder. I looked against Colli ver, ana began to speculate how he would kill me, | and how. long he wonld take about it. I found hie wolfish eyes Btill regarding me, and for a minute or two we studied each other in eilence. Then, without removing his gaze, he tilted his stool forward, slowly drew a,.8bo''1. he»vy knife from his waist-band, slipped it ont of its sheath— still without taking bis left hand from bis pocket — laid it on the ttble and leant back again. ' I Buppose,' he said at laBt, and very deli berately, as if chewing his words, ' yon know tbat if you attempt to cry out or sammoubelp you are a dead man tbat instant, ' Well, well,' he continued, after waiting for a moment for my reply, ' aa long bs you understand that, it does not matter. Icon- feBB I should have preferred to taik with you aud not merely to you. However, before I kill yon— and I suppose you guess that I am going to kill you as soon as I've done with yon— I wiBh to have just a word, Master .TavnPF TrunAiPitik From i the time in which he said the wordB he might have been congratulating me on some great good fortune. He paused awhile as if to allow the full force of . them tn sink in, - and theu took up the Golden Clap. Holdmg the pieces together with the fore finger and thumb of his right hand, he advanced and thrust it right under my eight— ' Do you see that ? Can you read it ?' A." Y was Btill mute he walked back to the chest and laid thB Clasp down again. Aba !' he exclaimed with a short langh horrible to bear, ' you won't speak. Bat there have been times, Mr. Jasper Treno- weth, when you would have given your soul to lay hands upon this piece of gold and read what is written upon it. It iB a pity yonr hands are tied — a thousand pities. But I do not wiBh to be hard on you, so I don't mind reading out what is written here. The secret will be safe with you, don't yon see ? Quite— pafe— with— you.' . _He rolled out these last words, one by one, with infinite reliBh ; and the mockery in the depths of those eyeB seared me far more than my bonds. After watching the effeot of his tauut he resumed his seat npon the Btool, pulled the Clasp towards him. aud said— 1 People migbt call me rash for entrusting these confidences to you. But I fin not mind adwit'ing that T one you some repa ration — some anterior reparation. So, as 1 don t wiBh von to die cursing me, I will be generous. Listen !' \- He held the buckle down npon the table and read ont the inscription aa follows : — START, AT . FULL .MOON .END. SOUTH. point. 27 . feet . n n w .22 . feet, vr. , OF . RING . NORTH .SIDE, 4. feet . 6 .inches . deep . at . point. OF . MEETING . LOW . WATER . 1J . HOURS. He read it through twice, very Blowly, and each time as he ceased looked np to see how I took it. ' does not seem to make much sense, does it ?' be asked. ' But wait a minute and let me parcel it out into sentences. I Bhould not like you to miss any of its meaning. Listen again.' He divided the writing up thus ;— ' Start at full moon. End South Point 27 feet N.N. W, 22 feet W. of Ring. North Side. 4 feet 6 inches deep at point of meeting, Low water 1$ hours,' ' You still seem puzzled, Mr. Trenoweth. Very well, I will even go on ' to explain farther. The pereon who engraved this Clasp meant to tell us that something — let ub say treasure, for sake of argnment — could be found by anyone who drew- two lines from some place unknown ; one 27ft. in length in direction N.N. W. from tbe South Point of that place ; the other 22fc. due West of a certain Ring on the North side of that Bame place. So far- 1 trust I make my meaning clear. Thar, which we have agreed to oil the treasure lies buried at a depth of 4ft. Gin. on the spot where these two lines intersect. But he person (you or I, for the Bake of argu ment) who reeks this treasure must start at full moon. Why ? Obviously because the spring tides occur with a full moon, conse quently the low ebb. Wo must expect, then, to find our treasure buried m a spot which is only uncovered at dead low water ; and to this conclusion I am also helped by the last, sentence which says, ' Low water at 1! hours." It is then, I snbmit, Mr. Treno weth, in Bome such place that we mast look for onr treasure ; the only question being, " Where is the place ?' ' I was waiting for this, and a great tide of he had not solved the mystery. The Clasp told nothing, the key told nothing. The secret was safe as yet | (to ek costinohd 