CORRESPONDENCE. LETTERS TO EMINiWT MEN, BY A LADY. TO SIR HENRY PARKES. SlB,—Once more you have lost and cast to the wimis a golden opportunity to show yourself a statesman, and I trust that you will bear with me while I appeal to your sense of houour, if you have any, and request you to admit your inconsistency ill regard to the Chinese question, as well ay in regard to your pet theory of Preetrade. When the Premier of South Australia complained of the influx of Chinese in the North, you, Sir Henry, if you had been a statesman, or even a man of capacious vigorous mind, would have seized the grand opportunity and callcd a conference. of Ministers to meet iu Sydney, the capital of 1 1 Australia" to take the matter into consideration; but alas ! alas! you could not rise out of yolir petty mean self, so you insulted all the Premiers and their Parliaments, and went bald-headed for the Home authorities, with insult in your vicious mouth, and defied the law, iustead of working constitutionally, as you desired the mob to do when they sought an interview with your august self at Parliament House. You crowed at the Mayor, and 8;iid you would not countenance a breach of the law, then actually defied the lnw and belittled the Supreme Court bench. Much as I am with you iu desire to stop Chinese immigration, I must condemn your action. There was a constitutional method open to you, and you spurned it from you. You should lmvo headed a great Australasian Conference, and sent a united protest from all the colonies to Loudon, instead of your "all hazards" pnny puff, weaker than a woman's anger, Sir Henry, but likely to stir up the bile of old John Bull. And then, as if to ply your opponents to the fullest, you next day announced that separation fiom old England would be our ruin and leave us at the mercy of the Chiuese nation. One day blatant independence, tlie next sneaking cowardice. A short time ago you told us tliat with the stout, s rong arms of our young men we need fear nothing; now you see ghosts of Chinese invaders driving us out. Do you know, Sir, that there is a country named Franco, which,' if England slights UB, will lend us an army, on condition, to resist Chinese invasion if it conies. Again, Sir, Protection, which you are pleased to call " restriction," is a social problem, and does not rest on the adjustment of a tariff. You are a rcneaade protectionist yourself, and an inconsistent freetrader, fur if you keep out the Chinese you must, to be consistent, keep out their cheap gtods. Von have said t'-at Piotectiou lins been tried and cast off by every great natiou. Now, Sir, it can be proved that every nation that lias thrived has done so under Protection, and has then for convenience, mid at the Ciill of importers and merchants, taken up Preetrade — capital eating up labour, and depriving it of its fair and jnst recompense. We do not want protection of colony against- colony, but AuPtraliisia protected agaiusl the world, to let il grow and its people thrive, instead of wasting away, contendiug against heathen labour, in addition to cheap German and that of other protected countries—America especially. Do you think, Sir, we arc such focls as not to know that your freetridc considerations are based on your own position as a Minister, doing the bidding of an importer ring in Sydney and a ring of exporters in England ? If there were no factories of any kind here, freetrade would make us pay very high prices for everything we use ; but that, of course, would not concern you. Wrapped up iu self, you arc callous to everything else in this terrestrial globe. Your real nature and character are now pretty well known in England and America ; you are neither democrat nor liberal nor original, but decidedly tyrannical, shuffliug and deceitful. If you trust to women to support you in Parliament, you may expect a speedy defeat; so think before you extend the franchise to us, for most assuredly if we had been enfranchised we should have driven you from po»vcr long ago, as a bombastic sophist and plagiarist, aud a pettifogger, an egotist of egotists —in fact, a humbug. 1 trust you will pardon my tints addressing you, Sir Henry, and also for saying that if yon were to resign in a fit of childish vanity the country would profit by your retirement.—I am, Sir, yours faithfully, MATILDA. 