LOCAL AND GENERAL. CAiADAj seems determined to .press for re ciprocity in trade between her and other British colonies. A dIsAsTRous fire occurred at West Tam worth .early yesterday morning, Jeffries' Hotel and.four houses being destroyed. Tn? Broken Hill correspondent of the Telegraph wires that thereis every.indication of a panic in the local share market, which is very depressed. GnzaT preparations are being made to en-. tertain worthily, at Bingera, les?ers.Lyo, Fletcher, Garran, and Ilassall, on the' dcc sion of tlheir visit to that place. ALL foreigners passing into Germany via France must now be provided with passports. This.e&iet; is specially aimed at Frenchmen who wish to travel in Alsace and Lorraine. IT is stated that the sewerage works now; bene carried out at Redfern will cost' the lorealCouincil.£30,000. Are the Government contributing to this work as well as to the wood-paving ?, THeE Armenians. are so disgusted ?with tihe cool way in which their demands on tihe Turk isli Government for reform are backed up by Britain, tihat they .lhaveo appealed to, Franco to support them. Iv we are to believe that- a great inter national question underlies the utterances of the Husiain aind Aust'iiat I?ieis' tl1ie t doees not seem to be any great: probability ui the peace of Europe being preserved.. . A PTITION, signed by a number of the inmates of the George-street Asylum,-Parra matta, hais been presented to Sir Henri' Parkes complaining of tihe treatment they. receive. An inquiry will-be held. ' A ST. PETEinSUnI paper advises England to make arrangements with her for an amicable partition of Afglhanistan. If thlat were agreed to, thle last "'buffer" between India and Russian Central Asia would be .gone. Psio'FEsso JA?M?S, the well-known herb'l - ist, who was in Newcastle for some consider able time about eighteen monthsgo, .ahas returned, and may be consulted at his old rooms, Carrington House, Bolton-street, on and after Wednesday next. , Ooir second sheet to day contains :-Notes of tihe Day; Quips and Cranks; original poetry, " A Shattered Idol ;" continuation of tale, "Jack and Bess ;'!..Household Hints ;-.Chips; and a variety of other in teresting articles. LouD CAenraoroT has, it appears, re ceived a dispatch from tlhe Secretary of: State for the ColonieS saying tlhat t~elegrams from the colonial Government on the Chinese question are being carefully considered, and that replies will be sent at an early date. NEW?CA?STLE STEAIrscTrP CoIreA-c.:- This morning a general meeting of shareholdersin' the above company will be held at the Ter minus Hotel, Scott-street, to receive report and balance- shceet for half-year, declare divi dend, and to transact any other business that may be brought before the meeting. A Mens. Locneula, of Toowoomba, Queens land, has, according to the D1arlina Doiwns Gazette, given birth to triplets- threo sons -anud mother and family are doing well. The climate of the Darling Downs is noted for its salubrity, and if the motlhers of Queensland were all like Mrs. Lochiel, there would be no need for assisted immigration to that colony. Mr. Locohiel is also to be con gratulated on the now additions to the family. R?IeIANOe Alarm Clocks, 7s Gd; Eightbday Clocks, striking hours and half-hours, 20s; warranted three years. PorTeE, Hunt~er street., 671 RonmiNS AND THIOMAS for dress mater:als Sand fashionable dressmaking, 91, Hunter. street. 6 Dr. Treloar, Licentiate of the King's and Quen's College of Physicians, Ireland, may be consulted at his residence, Cottage Bridge, daily from 9 till 11 a.m., till 8 p.m., and 7 till 8p.m. Trams and 'busses pass the door. 7505. KEEP yourselves Warm these cold nighits, and prevent rlieumatism by buying some of our new blankets, just opened. For single beds, from 4s 6d to 14s Gd; for double lbeds, from 7s 11d to 42s. No better.value any. where. ECOTT & AIrnD, .tle comilg"?cash drapers. :740 I). ?Anrsc respectfully invites inspection of his new season's goods, just to hand, con sisting of Drapery, lon and Boys' Clothing, HIats, Shirts, Collars, Ties, Braces, &c.;, which have been cirefully selected, and will be sold very cheap for cash. D.M. is a believer in small profits and quick.returns. All goods marked in plain flgures at lowest cash prices. Note address--D. M]arks, opposite I.S.P. Fire Station, Blano-stroet, Newcastlo. 7189 WEnDDINa and Birthday Gifts in Electro. plate, Prize Cups, Claret Jugs, Bisouit Boxes, &c.; Splendid assortment. PoTTER, Huntor. *ieet, 671 LANwEaR'S ' B1ook Arcade I 352 A FRIENDLY Appeal Court will be hold at the Wickham Municipal Chambers on Mon day next. DRIvERs of public vehicles are referred to the advertisemnent of thbe Inspector of Publio Veruhicles in another column. Brun Rnnon.--To-night the usual Rluo Ribbon temperance meeting takes place in the Y.M.O.A. L[all, inlg-strcet. lin. I. T. BooTIn, the founder of the Blue Ribbon movement, commences a livoe 'days' mission in West Miaitland, on Monday. A rPUnrIlo debato on the " Ohlines Ques tion" will take place iin tlio "slihgton Mechanics' Institute, on ..Monday ovening next. Mu. CecAs. baTAcoLMr, A.R A.M. (London), receives pupils at Mr. A. .Hay's,. Huntor street, or at his private residonce, Watt street. • . . :. ?. ...: T?s1 athletic sports proposed.for Queon's Birthday at Hinton did not come.oiff, as. the expected funds for prizes wore not forth coming. THE firm of Fredc. Ash, Limited, are now landing galvanised iron, putty, wall papers, turpentine, &0, ex Carnegio and Thunder bolt, from London. " SAM10A AND THE SAMOANs" will form the subject of a lecture to be delivered in the Newcastle School of Arts, by Mr. T. Mi. Dawson, United States Consul, on Wednes day evening. A HOTEr, ?Tus. Ur.-Picton's Goonda. bline Hotel, some distance out of Walgett, is reported to have been stuck up late on Thurs day night by two armed men, both masked. The police have gone out, but up to the pre sent the details of the occurrence have not been received. TesI[ CAnIarNTOo" " GIOST." --A seaman named Frederick Rossehe, was sentenced to three months' hard labour in Maitland gaol for stealing a quantity of wearing apparel from a clothlesline at Carrington during the early morning of Thursday. A man, similar to the accused in appearance, has been haunting the back portions of premises at Carrington, causing some excitement, many persons calling him " a ghost." It is to be hIoped the man has given up the " ghost," as far as his predatory instincts are con cerned. EaLY AUsTtAnIA.-Mfr. Huntington, in the course of his remarks at the lecture at the Newcastle School of Arts tile other night, stated that the combined Governments of Australia had secured some large folio atlases of rare andvaluable charts and maps of Aus tralia, published in the seventeenth century. He further remarked that the Free Library in Sydney had amassed a collection of 5000 volumes of A.stralasian subjsects, and he hoped that the libraries of the Northern dis triot would make Australian books a speciality, so that one could learn samethling of the land he lives in. TI[E members of the Naval Brigade gave a dinner on Thursday afternoon to those of their Newcastle comrades who came up to attend the Birthday Review in Sydney. The dinner"rns laid in the brigade's drill shed at Fort Macquario, and about 250 sat down to it, somne i60 of these being guests. Instructor Rickwood occupied'the chair, having Instruc tor ,Dagwcll, of the Newcastle Company, on his right.. Several toasts were drunk with enthusiasm. These, beside the loyal'ones, included those of "Our Guudsts" and "The Army and Navy." .'A very ple'asant afternoon was spent, songs and other music assisting in enlivening the lproceedings.-Telegraphi. O: Hf onday evening a lecture was given in the Wesleyan Chlurch, Morpeth, by the Rev. Richard Hardy, the subject being "A Chaplain's Work at Aldershot; or, Scenes and- Sketches of Soldier Life." The chair was taken by Captain Waddy, of the Morpeth Volunteer Corps.. There was a pretty fair attendance,'and the audience listened atton tively to the lecturer's :description.of camp life and the various eharaeters he had met. The lecture was both amusing and instruc. tive, and fully appreciated by the audience. .QQUENs' BIRTHDAY passed away very quietly in Morpeth, no sports of any kind being provided.: The, local 'Volunteer Corps metin:.the early part of the day, and went through,;the drill usual on the occasion; after which, they adjourned to the butts, and a matchl between the married and single men fired off. In the evening a ball in aid of the 'funds of the Town.Band was held in the School of Arts,-and, tlie niglit being very fine and cool, there, wsas a large attendance, thle daiicers e.-enjoying themselves till early mornng;. JU?Db Ddwr , ?o ROBAs.--A juror ap. ,plied at the Meftropoliean :Quarter Sessions ;yesterday inorning for leave to retire, owing to ani engagement in a race at the 'Firemen'a Demonstration. :Judge; Dowling, according to tlhe Star, askedi f".What's that ? you wannt to"racc dolyoui ? Well, you will be:fluood 5 'if yoigo, that's"all. Races are the' ruin of half tlioeyoung men now-a-days." The juror 'ekiplinedthlat it was the " Hose and Reel" Race' hb wished to compete in. "Oh," said His Honor, 'thlat is quite different, I will give you mfy consent on that understanding, as such contests Iiay fit you better for the work of quene.hing the flames. I would not lot you go to run eit the Carrington, though." REAL Pebble Spectacles, all sights, 5s per pair... POTRrE, Hunter-street. 8878 BALn'Cosnua~ms.-Lades, in placing your ordersfor your ball or wevdding costumes, we invite' your -inspection to our display of 'evening:drees' goods pearl trimmings, beaded pansle', gldves, evening flowers, fans, wraps, &c.; &c.-RonrNs; AND TIOu As, 91 Hunter street. ' REPE? uING to the general improvement of trade, we take particular pleasure in directing attention to the vigorous efforts put forward at the drapery and clothing establishment of Banfield, Cheap Ready-money Draper, Blano street. New and seasonable goods are being opened up daily, and the prices down to the lowest cut. All wool dress materials, 41d; salesia, for lining, 3d; dress tweed, 5td; good calicos, 2Ld; cashmeres, Is; jerseys, 2s lld; wool clouds from ls; homespuns, 3d; boys' knicker suits, 3s lid; hollands, 5.d; big blankets, 7s Gd; men's trousers, 3s 1ld; stout tweed suits, 17s lid; men's shirts from is; hate, ls; girls' ulsters are now available for the sum of 3s lid; women's ulsters; 7s id; boyS' and youths' overcoats, 8s Gd; women's jackets, stylish and warm; coloured quilts, 2s lld. This is of necessity just a very brief outline of the tempting in ducements to buyers. Some good should re suit from the performance of our duty in this regard, and it will be well, for cheap drapery and clothing, to buy from BANPIELD, Ohoap Ready-money Draper. 9955 BALL costumes executod on the shortest notice at lowest prices. Obediently yours, ScoTT & AIRD. ' SPEOIAL prices for blankets at WINN AND Co.'s as follows: lls Dd quality for 9s 6d, 18e 9d for lis lid, 15s lid for 12s 9d, 18s 6d for 14s lid, 20s for 1is Gd, 25s for 21s, 27. 6d for 23s. 9999 WonTa?n NOrING.-That the largest stook, the best assortment, and the lowest prices for boots and shoes is at Cooper's Excelsior Boot Arcade, unter- strcoetb. . 492 T. Frank Low, Attorney, Solicitor, and Proctor, has removed to 13 Hunter-street, opposite the Court House, Newcastle. 852 A JoY for ever is the magnificent show window at Langer's Book Arcade, corner Market ano Hunter streets. Full of the latest novelties in literature, stationery, and fancy goods. 852 PuncliASu your ulsters and jackets early A grand assortnent just received. Ulsters from 12s lid to 45s, jackets from 8s 6d to 42s, Ronians iND TnoeIAs, 91 Hunter-street U THE ITon. James White is dangerously ill, and is not expected to recovor. Lono LAInsuowNt, Governor-General of Canada, has returned to England. A VERu. large spalin for the llawkesbury Br:dge, 416 feet in length, has been success. fully laid. TI, Ens appears to be a likehlilood of the British troops hlavng to carry on a little war in Thibetb. PaRNas Hui aorse0nd sdn0 of the Em-. peror of Germany, sas married yesterday to Princess Trene of Hesse. M.f GooDotApr, .Commissioner of Rail-. ways,: nrrivedbiy steamer. in Newcastle yestoer day morning, on departmental business, and proceeded to S dney by train. Oea Sydney colrespondent wired us aInst night that 30,000 shlares hIave been applied for in thle Bonang. Gold Mining Company, the prospectus of which appears in to-day's issue. TurE hearts of many of our housBwives will be gladdened after perudsing 'the cheap price list of groceries, etc., advertised by Mr. A. M'Donmiell, of Iuntrpstreet, in another part of to-day's paper.' AN accident, which had a fatal termina tion, happened in the Co-operative Colliery yesterday to a younig miner named Peter Grant. The sact affair was claused by a falling-in of what is termed a "pot-hole" from thle roof IALL or SOIEsNOc.-Mr. Thlomas Walker will lecture to-morrow (Sunday), at 7.30, upon "'The Clhinese Religion and the Faith Sof Parkes Compared." The Ohiiiese question is racking the brains of the six Australian Governments, as well as the English Govern ment, and the subject will, no doubt, draw a large house. INejustice to our Wallsend correspondent w may starte that thile report of the foot-ball match between the Wallsend. clubs and the Fitzroys on Queen's Birthday, was forwarded to this oflice in excellent time for insertion in yesterdaiy's issue. Owing to an irregularity, however, which has to be explained. Our news parcel did not arrive in Newcastle until a late hour on Friday morning. IT will be observed in our advertising columns that Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe offer a reward of £3 for information that will lead to thle apprehension of the person who stole three bales of lthcerne hay from the Market Wharf: In the month onf February last this firm lhad ten bales stolen, but a charge has never yet been sheeted home to tihe offenders, who are likely to fare badly if they get into the clutches of the law. THE STEAMER AiwesAN. - In all probe bility the stetmer Afgl.an, having loaded coal, will leave tec port of Newcastle this morning for Sydney. For thlis relief the police will have many thanks, for although the Chiiese on board have been very quiet, the police have been subject to long hours andi the duty has been most trying. Apart from this point of view, the interests of the public must have suffered by the drafts made upon the loael feorce to do duty on the steamer. LAYIso A "Gnost.''"-Constable Meara, of Carrington, deserves credit for his c!ever capture of a thief on the island on Thursday morning early whilst the robber was in the act of "snow.dropping,'" as the larceny of clothes from a clothes-line is called. The thsif is supposed to be the celebrated Car rington "ghost" winch has struck so mnuch terror into the hearts of weak-minded indi viduals on the island, but tihe lynx-eyed Irish constable soon felretted the "ghost" out and laid hlim low. To-DAY wre publish the programieo of a grand sacred and secular concert which will be given in the Victoria Theatre, on 1 hurs day night, by the members of St. MIary's Choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Edward Farley. As may be seen by referring to our columns tle items on the programme are most attractive. We may specially men tion the grand duo from Trovatore, whichl was so magnificently and so artistically ren dered ' fo~ evenings ago by Miss Teresa Cross and Mr. Edward Farley.. - We have very little doubt but this item of itself will draw a large house. - YESTEODAY, a lad named I'Leod, aged 13, was killed at Buclhanan near Maitland, in an extraordinary manner. From what .we have been able to learn, it appears that the deceased and another lad named James Elliott had been out shdotiihg throughout the day. On returning homo an inquiry was made if the gun was loaded. M'Leod, boy like, proceeded to blow down tile gun to see if it was loaded, while Elliott proceeded to take off the cap. As the latter was uncock ing tlhe.gun to take off. the.cap, the hammor slipped, and the contents of tile gun:werb lodged- ini M'Leod's temploe, blowing his. 'brains out. A messenger was sent to Dr. Pierce, who came out, only to declarsthat, life was extiinct. A" AsOTiIEIc "GOSPEIr MxSSIi.o -- Captain Smith, wlho his resigned from the Sahlv'atioih Army, with Cadet Adler, met, on Thursday last, withl a few Christians and friends in St. Andrew's Presbyteiian schoo!-room, for the purpose of forming a body whlich in future Ssill be known as the Nazarene Mission. This Mission has for its object "the glory of Godd andthe salvhtion of the lost," and ules were laid dow~i to work by, wlich secomed to meet with theii approval of all pres'ent. They have, 'we are informed, already.started to work in Newcaitle and West Wallsend, and as isoon. ,. as the 'officers can- be obtained branches of ': the Misiosdi will be 'dpened irn otlier-towis. W:: Vitlh all respect to the echurches disd the ;Salatioi Arinmy fodl the workk'thi?y have adlieady:iiecomplislied, .tlie::founders of the Nazarene Mission .lhave .come to. the con-. eolusion'that tlihere is plenty'of roomnfor them 'to worl . :'Since they hae started, it appoal s, met with practical sympathy bloth in getting money and converts. A GOOD RIDDANo.-rFor sometimo past a certaiin'house at the top of Carrington, in the vicinity of Williaun- streeot, has been the •resort of dissolute seamen and larrikins, and the neighbourhood has been an intolerable nuisanice to the police and' the public for a longperiod. The premises are upon Govern ment land-in fact, the place has been. "free selected"-and we understand the Spolice have received orders to remove the -inhabitants. On Thursday night a party of larrikins from this place paid a visit to an adjoining residence, where they threw a quantity of kerosene over some valuable hens, and, lighting the oil. burnt the birds to acinder. Such cruelty, if it could be traced to its perpetrators, deserves to be thoroughly punished. The removal of the place in question would be a public benefit. REAL pebble spectacles, only 4s 6d. F. PEAiOE, optican, Hunter- street. 936; ANY person who lhas not yet visited Cooper's Excelsior Boot Arcade, will find' it en advantage to do so. . . 492 LiADIs' pink, sky, and cream kid gloves, marked 48 Gd, reduced to 2s 11d, at W. WINN AND Co's . , . 99908 Fon ladies' and children's hosiery and gloves, for under garments, cossets, for pare.. sols, umbrellas, frillings, ribbons,' cloude, uleters, jackets, &c.; &e.;, visit RonrmNs ANS 'Tuosls, hIosiers and glovers, 01 Hunter street. 6 OUs English buyer has sent too many dohr ans, capes, and fichlus; and, to induce purchasers, we will allow 2s in the £ oelf all (niow and last season's) until August let. W. WI?'N A?Dr Co. "' 999007 TuE largest stock of books at the newly. opened Book Arcado, opposite Markets Lamiger, corner of _uniter and Markit. streets Tan Neweastle Manufacturing Jeweller, SPoTren, IZunter-street. • Jewellery repairs a ppeciality, by experienced workmen. 07, 