general news. The gho9t of a past agitation for separation on tho part of a section of the residents of the Grafton-Glon lunes district was raised yesterday by Mr. Moore, M.P., daring an interview which the Premier accorded an imuortant deputation organised by tho Clarenco River Railway Con struction and Iiurbor Improvement League. Mr. Mooro's incantation was to the following effect:— "It must be evident tbat the question to be decided is whether this proposed railway from tho Clarence River to the tablelands of New England is to be carried out, or whether those districts are ta be made into a scparato colony." In replying to the deputation, Sir Henry Parkea did not forget to lay Mr. Moore's spectre. First, he was unkind enough to refer to it as an absurdity, and then as " a childish outcry for reparation." " Separation," he naid, emphati cally, "was impossible, for the Government or New South Wales was the only power that could consent to the disintegration of any portion of the country, and he trusted no Government wonid ever arise sufficiently re creant to consent to the slightest portion of the colony bsiug divided from the other. Of course there wub no knowing what a movement headed by Mr. Moore might do, bnt depend npor. it sncli a movement would very soon resolve itself into its own discomfort." Tho ease of the A.S.N. Compnuy v. tbo Post master-General, in whicljttbe plaintiffs sought to recover £6000 for letters they hud carried from Sydney to Queensland between 1879 to 1886, was settled in No. 1 Jury Court yostorday. The plaintiffs accepted a verdict for £2600, lu'oject to tho reference of the defendant's legal liability to the Full Court. Considerable excitement prevailed in the Prospect and Sherwood Council-chambers on Chursday evening, when the council met to lonsider the suspension by tbe Mayor of the louncii clerk. There was a full council present, md a largo attcndanco of ratepayers. The fiayor (Mr. H. T. .Tones) explained at length he reasons which induced him to suspend tho ilerk, and the latter was allowed an oppor- unity to reply. A petition, signed by 170 rate payers, praying the council to take into consi deration the unimpeachable honesty and tho uniform courtesy of tho council clerk, and re questing that be bo reinstated, wae preseuted by Alderman Huston. Several exciting scenes occurred, and Alderman Airoy finally moved — "That tho council clerk be dismissed." This Was carried on the following division : — For: The Mayor, Aldermen Elliott, Paton, Airey and Konyon. Against t Aldermen Booth, Hollier, Anstiss and Muston. The Postmasler-Goneral received two depu tations yesterday. One asked for a daily mail to Grafton, but Mr. Roberts said he wished, before considering about tho establishment of a dally mail, to Beo how tho recontly-mndo ar rangements for a bi-weekly, or if necessary tri-weekly mail mot tho rcquireraentB of that . district. Tho othor deputation asked for hotter post and telegraph office accommodation at the Haymarket, and Mr. Roberts promised to call for a report on tho subjoct and carefully consider tho application. Tho Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Works met yesterday, when additional evidoucc was givon with reforonce to tho desira bility of carrying out the proposed wharfage improvements at Woolloomooloo Bay. Tho committco had also under consideration tho proposed construction of n bridge at tho Spit, Middlo Harbor. The cost of tho work is esti mated at £62,000. A special mooting of the Parramatta Borongh Council war held last night to consider tho out look in regard to tho local water supply. Tho Mayor (Mr. C. J. Byrnes) presided, and in the course of the meeting explained that with careful usage there wna sufficient water in the reservoir to last till Christmas. The consump tion ia equal to 88 gallono per head per diem. It was decided to apply to tho Metropolitan Water and Sewerage Board for pormisBion to coiiucct with tho Ncpoan Bchomo at Beckett's Bridge, to bo used temporarily during the drought. After Monday next tho local baths will be supplied from the river dam, instead of from the reservoir ; and persons requiring water for other than domestic purposes will be required to pay by meter measurement. Oil behalf of the Minister for Works (whose absence from bis office was caused by illness), Mr. Inglis yesterday received deputation re presenting tbe municipal councils of ltodfern, Alexandria and North Botany, who requested tho Government to extend Gardiner's-road, North Botany, to Bunncrong-road, ltandwick. They received a very favorable reply and the matter will probably be submitted to the Cabinet at an early date. A deputation from North Botany yesterday interviewed the Minister for Lands and asked tho assistance of the Government in connection with tho alignment of mnin ronds in tbat municipality. Mr. Bruukor admitted that tho tional and said that, with a desire to assiqt them as inuoh as he could, he would consider it as favorably as possible. A deputation comprising nearly 100 gentlo- mcn, aud representing tho important agricul tural interests of the Clarence River and New Euglaud districts aud tho commercial interests of tho city, waited on the Premier yesterday morning in support of tho construction of the authorised lines of railway from Grafton to Glen Inncs, from Orlen Inucs to Inverclb aud from Grafton to tho Tweed via Casino, Lismore and tho Brunswick, and also the im provement of the Clarenco ltiver Heads. Mr- See, M.P., introduced tho deputation. Statistics aud arguments of Rome length wero adduced by among others Messrs. Dibbs, Moore, Matheson, IIayne3, Kiving, Crouch, Hassall and M'Fuflanc, Ms.P. Sir Henry Purkes, in tho course of a reply reviewing tho resources of tho rich districts in tho north, plainly pointed out that if constructed this lino of railway must be worked at a dead loss. There seemed to bun to be no escape from that conclusion, because a railway could not be supported without passen gers and without tho transit of goods. In concluding, however, ho said that in such a case as railway communication for tho Clarence every consideration ought to be given to the undoubted richness of tbo lands, the undoubted facilities for the settlement of tho people and the probabilities of tho growth of tho population if such communication was once oponml. He promised to submit tho objects of bis petitioners to his colleagues with the eurncst desire that everything that eould bo done would bo done for this extremely important district. Mr. Samuel Hill, the oldest resident of Parra matta and possibly of tbe colony, died at his residence, Albort-stroot, Parramatta, ou Thurs day evening. Deceased took up his abode in the borough when ho wub 21 years of age, and at tho time of his death was in his 8»lh year. "With the exception of a few months spent at the diggings he has lived uninterruptedly in Parramatta since his arrival in the colony. Deceased loaves a family of children, grand and great-grand- children to tho number of 120. Ho had been an Oddfellow for 85 years. An accident is reported to havo occurred yesterday at Hornsby, on the railway line of the contractors for the North Shore — Pearce's Corner railway line. Before shunting somo trucks it was omitted to couple them, and cot being under control after being set in motion) tbe trucks ran over the points ana were dashed over tbo steep embankment onto the rocks some 30ft. below. Some of tho trucks wore smashed to atoms. At tho Quarter Sessions yesterday David Nagle was sentonced to 12 mouths' imprison ment, with hard labor, for maliciously iuflicting grievous bodily harm upon James Garside. John Burgess was acquitted on a chargo of maliciously wounding. In the case of Edward Chapman and Arthur J. Wollaud, charged with breaking aud entering, tbe jury were unable to agree and were locked up for the night. The Rev. Dr. Jefferis commences a series of lectures to young men at the Pitt- street Con gregational Church to-morrow evening. His opening subject will be "Tho Nobiiity of Labor." The Rev. Charles Moon, of Malvern, near Melbourne, proaclics in the Congregational Church, Manly, to-morrow. A bazaar will be held to-day in aid of the Children's Hospital, at "Llanillo," opposite the Staumoro railway station. The work to bo submitted for sale lias been done by a few little girls of Dulwich-hill. The sale of work in aid of the church fund of St. Peter's, Woolloomooloo, will be continued this evening in tho schoolroom, Forbes-streot. Tenders are invited by the Department of Public Instruction for repairs and improve ments to tbo Superior Public School premises at Paddington. Tho Sydney soap manufacturers have decided to raise the price of soaps owing to the heavy advanco in the price of tallow. The police at No. 3 station are desirons of ascertaining if any person sold within tho past week a secoud'liaud six-chamber revolver, about Gin. long, wiLh tho words "British Con stabulary " on barrel. A public meeting of the residents of tho district of Ucdfcrn will be held on Tuesday evening at the Town-hall, to nrge the abolition of Alderson's Dam, in _ consequence of tho nnisauce emanating from it. The annual conference of Christiana will be held in the Y.M.C.A.-liall on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday next. The sessions will bo from 8 to 6.30 pm,, and from 7.80 to 9.80 p.m. each day. The memorial stones of tho now Congrega tional Church, Kogarah, will be laid by tbe Rev. Dr. Ilaunay and Mr. Henry Leo next Saturday. A little boy, three years of age, has been missing from his parents' residence, 55 Walkor- ntreet, Rcdfern, since about 10 o'clock yester day morning. He was dressed in a tweed coat and blue and white striped knickerbockers, and had on a tweed hat. 