REVIEW. am 753 Mapleson Memoirs, 1848 1880. In two volumes, with portrait of the author. London: REMINGTON AND Co., publishers, Henrietta- street, Covent Garden. 1888. Even among many men who have been grandfathers for years, there is some difficulty in remembering a time when the name Mapleson did not at once suggest Italian opera and when Stereo. More fortunate than Numbers of people who frequently spend years in finding a calling or occupation to fit them, he appears to have at once taken up the precise profession for which nature and training had fitted him. He is a bom impresario. Forty years ago he might have been seen in Jenny Lind's orchestra, reading his violin part from the same desk as Remenyi, the famous player who awoke much enthusiasm in Australia not long since. To-day, after triumphs and trial that would have turned less evenly balanced heads with conceit or with despondency, we find the author of these memoirs marshalling his melodious forces for future harmonious campaigns. Equalling its interest the accounts given by him of the ups and downs in an impresario life on the character sketches of famous singers. According to him, all, or nearly all great vocalists, male and female, are spoilt children, full of whims, foibles, affectations, and fantastical concert. The whole gamut of unreasonableness seems to be got thoroughly by heart by the gifted people who condescend to portray the despair of Lucrezia, the sorrows of Lucia, or the villainy of Police, for £500 or £1000 a-night. The subterfuges, or, in everyday language, the "dodges," to which Mr. Mapleson has had to resort during his long career in order that rival prime donna might be brought to live in the same hotel, or allow themselves to be home from the stage by four stalwart " supers," instead of six, might well cause a less versatile employer to become old before his time, or to adopt the less onerous task of sweeping a crossing for an honest livelihood. It would appear as if Nature when endowing people with the physical formation necessary to the production of sweet Sounds, had expended all her resources, and was obliged to fill their heads with the first materials that came handy materials frequently of the most heterogeneous kind. But it is time to let Mr. Mapleson speak for himself. It was in 1840 he started with his first company through the English provinces. Among his artists were Sontasr, Lablache, and Thalberg three names which many old opera habitues will remember with something akin to affection. On one occasion, among the Druidical remains at Stonehenge, Sontag sang "Casta Diva," while Lablache filled the air with Oroveso's solos. Considering the surroundings, the marvellous melodies of Bellini, and the persons who executed them, it is little wonder that to the impresario the event still appears distinct and clear, although at the far end of a vista of 65 years. During the succeeding four or five years Mr. Maple- son, who appears to have had a tenor voice of good quality, devoted himself to vocalism until his throat became affected, when he was " very thoroughly operated upon by Dr. Billing, and found myself deprived alike of tonsils, rivals, and voice." As all three are considered of some importance to a vocalist our author's determination to let others sing while he collected the money was no doubt prudent' It was not till 1858 that Mr, Mapleson made a really serious start in the profession which he has done so much to adorn. It was in conjunction with a Mr. Smith, then lessee of Drury-lane, that the beginning was made. This person was a model of versatility and promiscuous energy, as a few facts will show. On producing "Don Giovanni" with a very powerful cast, Smith almost squelched his partner by introducing Mozart's masterpiece with a new song dedicated by him to the Metropolitan Board of Works, who, said Smith', with a knowing wink, wore a most useful body." Then he insisted on bringing on the stage, before a fashionable audience, Sayers and Heenan, much as they left the ring. When Mr. Mapleson declined to allow these estimable persons to appear in grand opera the day after the fight, his pushing partner provided them with a private box on the grand tier, " one corner being filled with brandies and sodas, and the other with bottles of champagne." When, in conclusion, our impresario objected to have the champion belt, which had been divided in two, presented between the acts. Smith very naturally became morose. Mr. Mapleson's partner appears to have shone in many ways. As an illustration, for £1 a day he hired the loan of a thousand pound note from a London rrtApney lender. With this in his pocket he would attend auctions and bid, offering the note as a deposit, having first written his name ostentatiously across it, and demanded the change. The idea of expecting that any auctioneer could at a moment's notice secure change for £1000 borders on, the visionary. By Mr. Smith would make the purchase, resell at a profit, put the difference in his waistcoat pocket and return to the owner of the note in order to change the debenture for a new and clean one with no Prime at the back. Again, the fowls and champagne that this speculator would serve to persons who bought guinea tickets for one of his masked balls might safely be said to defy competition. The poultry were those largo-boned, muscular birds left on vendors' hands when the market was closed for the day ; the wines, according to Mr. Mapleson, came from "somewhere in Whitechapel, where they can be secured at a much less cost than at Epernay or Rheims." The following is a veritable lowie touche Smith, it seems, asked his partner what he thought of the liquors. Then comes :-" I told him frankly that the bottles, labels, and the names branded on the corks seemed all that could be desired, and that I found nothing bad except the wine. This he seemed to look upon as an unimportant detail, and the Whitechapel champagne was sold to the infatuated dancers at 10s. and 12s. per bottle." It was when Mr. Mapleson had discovered in Patti a gem of the purest, that his partner reached the sub- lime. In a word, he offered to Bullet Drury Lane to his colleague for any purpose the latter chose, " Italian opera excepted." It is not to be wondered at that partners with views so fundamentally antagonistic should ultimately separate. We have dwelt at some length on this portion of Mr. Napoleon's career, partly as a warning to people anxious to " run " Italian opera, and partly as a tribute to our author's quondam partner, Mr. Smith, who, as a many-sided man-ready in resource, ready to back down when things were unpropitious, and Bail smilingly up when affairs took a turn might have been tied, but certainly not excelled, by Mr. Twain's protege, who " No matter what his contract was, i Would do his level best." It would appear as if musical conductors, too, have their jealousies. Arditi, who in " Il Secolo" has given us a musical tit-bits as choice as one of Moore's best melodies, became petulant when taken for Benedict. The latter, however, it is but fair to say, became almost savage when mistaken for Arditi, Both were engaged by Mr. Mapleson for the Drury Lane season of 1859, and as both were bald, the audience might be forgiven for making an occasional mistake. One night when they had to conduct in turn, Benodiot might be observed in the prima donna's dressing-room "carefully arranging his scanty hair so as to cover as much as possible of his denuded cranium." He had scarcely left when Signor Arditi appeared with a couple of hair brushes, " so as to leave as much as possible of his bare skull exposed to view." They were determined there should be no mistake While the " Amber Witch " was being performed at Drury Lane it was found necessary to remove to another house, as bailiffs, with the spotted neckties and murderous looking bludgeons appropriate to their profession, were observed in suspicious proximity. It would be unfair to tamper with the following sentence in the text :-" The Amber Witch' wardrobe (which somehow had fallen off the portico of the theatre early one Sunday morning found its way to the other theatre." This alone would show that the author of the work before us is a born impresario. "Un Balla in Maschera" was produced in 1861, with extraordinary success, in spite of " a strong counter attraction operating against me in the shape of a large fire raging in Tooley-street, which it seemed to be the fashionable thing to go and see." Thus it will be seen that this notorious thoroughfare having retired from politics since the famous proclama- tion of its three tailors to the British nation, declined to be lost sight of entirely. Mr. Maploson's great rival was Mr. Gye; of the Royal Italian Opera, Covent Garden. The manner in which these two managers Worked so as to secure the services of established favourites or discover rising talent, should be studied by all desirous of obtaining an insight into the difficulties in the way of smart men unfortunate enough to follow the same profession, When Mr. Gyo, for' instance, heard that subscriptions vases pouring like water into the opposition coffers in consequence of Nations having been announced for the ensuing season, and that the great singer had not yet signed her contract, he tried to secure her for Covent Garden with an agreement in which the amount was not stated. " She was to fill in anything she chose." To -the famous songstress' honour, her answer was, " I have given my promise to Mr. Mapleson, which is better than all contracts." At one performance of Trovatore, Azucena became unwell just as the orchestra was assembling, and it became necessary to manufacture a gypsy without delay. This was done by means of red ochre unstintingly applied. There was but one thing wanting-the lady didn't know the music, and couldn't sing it if she did. This was serious. It was decided at last that whenever she was brought before the Count she was to be condemned to imprisonment at once without getting an opportunity to defend herself. Further, " In the fourth act she had been strictly enjoined to go to sleep quietly on the ground, and not wake up until Manrico was decapitated. Thus treated, the part of Azucena is not a difficult one to play, The last sentence Stamps Mr, Mapleson as a man of ' varied gifts. It was during the same season that Titiens. who was Norma, on rushing to the gong to summon the Ancient Druids, brought the drumstick against Signor Coglin's nose, who was unfortunately just behind her, with sufficient emphasis to draw a copious flow of blood, besides burdening the organ with an abnormal bulk during the remainder of the performance. The sweet tenor would never afterwards perform Pollie while there was a drumstick in the cast Many who were in England during the early sixties will remember the glorious quality of poor Coglin's voice. In these memoirs we are told : " He was in many things a child. So, indeed, are most members of the artistic tribe, and it is only by treating them and humouring them as children that one can get them to work at all." Again, "The only two things Giggins really delighted in were kites and fireworks. Give him kites to fly by day, and rockets, Roman candles, or even h um bro squibs and crackers, to let off at night, and he was perfectly happy." It should be said in fairness that " flying kites " is an amusement indulged in by many who have no claim to be artists, except the meaning of that word is much enlarged. Mr. Mapleson opinion of the spoilt children of song had better be given in his own words :-" I have said that the artist is often child-like ; but with this childishness a good deal of cunning is sometimes mixed up. The one thing he cannot endure is life under regular conditions. It annoys him even to have his salary paid regularly at the appointed time. He would rather have an extra sum one day, and nothing at all another." With all the foregoing extract, except the penultimate sentence, we are disposed to agree. We are far from denying that there are persons who are annoyed when pay-day comes round, and, in stage argus, the ghost not alone walks but appears un- naturally lively. We shall confine ourselves to saying that we never met them. The manner in which Gounod's masterpiece, " Faust," was forced upon the British public will be found both instructive and entertaining. One night before the performance, word came that Siebel (Mdme. Trebelli) was too ill to appear. After a deal of persuasion her husband, who was a good musician, got into his wife's clothes, suffered his moustache to be removed, when " everything went olTbiilliantly, the male Siebel and the dying Faust sharing with the admirable Margharita the applause of the evening." At Christine Nilsson first London appearance, our impresario, to avoid all chances of failure, had 25 Thames watermen scattered through the house at a shilling a head provided they kept quiet during the first act, and made no attempt to applaud the lady with the pink dress. When the curtain descends, however, on the act 25s. were to be distributed among them for every time they got it raised. Five or six times, we are informed by the author, the curtain was raised in response to a combination of elaborate noises. It is clear from this that the honest men did their duty. Still, those who remember the staying powers of Thames boatmen will be a little surprised that the decent fellows did not earn at least 30s. each instead of 6s. or 7s. In Dublin, Titions appears to have created a pro- found impression, if we judge by the following :-" No sooner had the singer finished the last verse than a roar of admiration was heard so loud, so overpowering, that I can only compare it to the belching forth of huge pieces of artillery. At the close of of the opera a great crowd, composed of the public and the medical students who habitually occupy the gallery (always without their coats, sometimes without their waistcoats, occasionally without their shirts), was awaiting the Queen , of Song's departure." It will be seen from this that the young gentlemen who devote their talents to medicine and surgery in the Irish capital have no false pride about them. On this occasion, however, a serious contretemps happened. Morrison's Hotel, where the prima donna lodged, occupies the acute angle formed by Dawson and Nassau streets, much as the Herald office occupies a similar angle between Pitt and O'connell streets. Imagine, then, a crowd removing the horses from a carriage, outside Her Majesty's Theatre, attaching ropes to the shaft and running jocundly along, the vehicle obediently bringing up the rear. Suppose, in addition, that the enthusiasts at the near shaft continued gaily down Pitt-street, while those at the offerings danced demonstratively along O'Connell-street, In Dublin, according to Mr. Mapleson, the mob bifurcated (a thing far from unusual in that metro- polis), half apparently persuaded that the Dawson street route was the proper one, while the other half was certain that the Nassau thoroughfare was the shortest. By the time the traces gave Mdme. Tirions was brought right to the door convinced-an opinion in which the hotelkeeper concurred-that Irish hospitality had some serious drawbacks. Malomoisollc Albani was picked up at Malta by one of-Mr. Maple son's agents, and came to London to sign the agreement The cabman ' drove her to Mr. Gye in mistake, who at once gave her an engagement in his establishment When it was signed he explained that he was really not Mr. Mapleson, but that there was a person of that name " who rented an establishment somewhere round the corner, where operas and other things were from time to time played." Indeed, no two editors at a Colorado diggings over watched each other with greater interest than the two London managers. Of do Murska we hear that cats, parrots, and monkeys were her favourite companions. While the mammals fought the birds sounded them on with discordant shrieks, and removed the stuffing from the expensive furniture with their beaks. There is something idyllic in the story of Marguerite Cbapuy, a young French girl, -who made a splendid impression in " II Barbiere." Mr. Mapleson describes her as "one of the most charming vocalists that it has been my pleasure telling,- a lady who, as regards voice, talent, grace, and style, was alike perfect" ? Coming from such a source, this is praise indeed. But Mademoiselle had a lover in France, a French sergeant serving for less than a franc a day. She pined like Viola, returned to her native place married her gay mousquetaire who shortly afterwards obtained his commission and lived with him happily on £120 a year while our impresario vainly besieged the' wife to go, or the husband to let her go, on the stage at £200 a night. Who will say, after this, that love in a cottage has disappeared from among men ? We might fill half-a-dozen columns with entertaining gossip from the books before us, but enough has been said to show how readable they are. Witt just a little touch of harm- less vanity the author tells of the distinguished company he kept, and of the honours pressed upon him. He dined with the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, took the latter in to dinner, and sat smoking on a sofa while she and her husband played duets for violin and piano. The late Czar's daughter has an exquisite ear. % One night at the opera she exclaimed " B flat" when one of the orchestral horns went wrong. Sir Michael Costa, the conductor, admitted subsequently that the horn performer had made an error, but that only a very fine ear could have perceived it Mr. Mapleson became a colonel of volunteers, and prints many letters from military men to show that he is a tactician of repute. His American experiences, begun in triumph, ultimately ended in failure. Too attention to business shown by American doctors is illustrated by the case of Mdme. Gurstor, who one evening; at St Louis declared her in- ability-to sins. Mr. Maploson'sson, Pueblo Madame's chagrin, introduced a duly qualified medical practitioner, who demanded to see the lady's service. The prima donna bounced from the room, juN turning at the door to protrude her tongue derisively wish "There!" Then this scientist put on his spectacles, and certified that " there was a little irritation in the epiglottis, that the uvula was contracted, together with the muscles of the throat, and that the tonsils were inflamed For this he charged 60 dollars, and threatened to seize her trunks if not paid. The ruses employed by impecunious Americans to got inside the theatre for nothing wore marvels of ingenuity. In one place an elderly State Governor kissed Patti for her superb singing. When a reporter afterwards interested Madame Geister, the rival prima donna, and asked what she thought of the affair, the latter failed to see any harm in it, as " there is nothing wrong in a man kissing a woman old enough to be his mother." Then the Diva" would insist that her name should be one-third larger than any other on the posters. Her good friend Nicolini would occasionally go round the town with a foot rule to see that the contract was being carried out. The grand scale on which things musical were done in America, where six hundred State Militia were manoeuvred on the stage during some of the choruses in " Les Huguenots j" the extraordinary displays of costly dresses and more costly jewellery by the fair American's of Chicago and San Francisco ; the signal success of our plucky impresario on one visit and his dismal failure on the next-all are told in a chatty, unassuming way that will go far to make the Mapleson Memoirs one of the books of the season. Frederick, Crown Prince and Emperor. By RENNELL. RODD, with an introduction by her Majesty the Empress Frederick. David Stott : Loudon, 1888. The writing of this biographical sketch, dedicated to the memory of its distinguished subject, was under- taken by the writer at the request of the Empress Victoria, under circumstances that are pathetically told in a truly womanly letter prefixed to this volume by way of introduction. It contains, we are told, nothing controversial, and a special attempt has been made to eliminate as far as possible, all matter of a political nature, and to confine the story as far as possible to " the record of such facts as illustrate the character of a simple and noble life in a manner which may be acceptable to that wider circle of readers for whom, in accordance with the desire expressed in the introduction, it is designed." Turning to this introduction, we road that the late Emperor Frederick, while in England last year, visited the Throat Hospital, and expressed the greatest compassion for its inmates. His own ailment at that time caused him but little inconvenience, but his sympathy with the sufferers suggested to the writer of this introduction the idea of preparing a volume of tales and sketches to be sold for the benefit of the hospital. Later events stood in the way of this being done, and this book is now designed to take the place of the intended volume. Says the Empress " Not my own drawings or writings would 'I offer, but I ask you to pen a short account of my beloved husband, who was so Been taken away from us. As you know him in Bunny days when he was the picture of life and health, as well as in the last sad year, when that life was overshadowed by sickness, I thought that none would be better able than you to undertake the task of writing a short biography suitable for popular reading, which may make his name better known to the English public, and give him a place in their affections beside that of my father, for whom he had so great a love, admiration, and veneration, and with whose views and aims ho so truly sympathised." The Empress goes on to say, in a tone of much feeling, that those in the humbler walks of life, who I are denied many of the blessings enjoyed by the rich ' (to whose let fall the so-called good things of this world), are often apt to imagine that their burden is the hardest to hear that struggles and pains and tears are only for them. These will perhaps think dif- ferently," this letter proceeds to say, when they road of sufferings borne with such patience, and of duty so cheerfully performed while sickness was undermining the strength of the strong man ; they will be able to enter into the depths of regret and disappointment felt by a ruler who loved his people, at being unable to carry out the long-cherished plans for the welfare that he had so much at heart; they will gaze with admiration at the courage with which, when the shades of death were hanging over his path, he strode steadfastly to the end." The story of the late Emperor's life is divided into seven chapters, embracing the periods 1881 to 1818, when his education was finished and he entered upon active service in the army, to 1858, comprising the period up to his marriage with the Princess Victoria, and describing the ceremony in London and the departure of the newly-wedded princess to 1868, chiefly domestic, three chapters dealing with the period between 1864 and 1871, and covering the Austrian and Franco-Prussian wars and a final chapter, dealing with the events leading up to and included in the last year of the Emperor's life. As the preface sets forth, no attempt is made to discuss political questions, or to go into the question of the dispute between the English and German doctors who attended the subject of this biography in his last illness. The story of the life is told simply but effectively, and in that excellent taste which the introductory letter of-the Empress Victoria would lead readers of this book to expect The volume is to be sold for the benefit of the Throat hospital which elicited the Emperor's sympathies, and it is intended to serve as a memorial for English readers of the life of one in whom they have never ceased to take a personal interest The closing words of the Empress's letter, addressed to the writer, have a pathos of their own: " Grief and pain come alike to all; broken hearts are to be found in places as well as in cottages, and the bonds of brotherhood beers strongest when love and pity unite all hearts, and reverence for what is good lifts up our souls. May this little history of the good and useful life of the Emperor Frederick appeal to the hearts of those who read it, and he is as a greeting from him to his fellow-sufferers in the hospital to whom I so earnestly desire to do a small service." _ 'Jcmpted London Young Men (Hodder and Staughton, London) is a series of papers republished from the British Weekly in 1887-8, which excited attention as they appeared, and formed the text for many sermons and courses of sermons, we are told, in the United Kingdom. The object is to present a clear statement of the temptations that beset young men in a great city, and in these pages that day has been well discharged. They have evidently been written by one who has made the daily life, duties, and recreations of young men a special as well as a practical study. - Oliver Cromwell, by Reinhold Paul) (George Bell and Sons is a translation from the German of a foreign estimate of the Protector. The estate is, on the whole, a highly appreciative one, and the book is a critical examination of the English political character as well as a study or the man it deals with. Wordsworth is a volume of Morley's English Men of Letters Series, by F. W. H Myers (Macmillan and Co.) The life and works of the poet are exhaustively traced and remarked upon after the manner of publications of this series, and the book is, it is needless to say, cleverly and readable written. From Messrs. Cassell and Company, Limited, we have received some specimens of Letts's Diaries for 1869. These diaries are arranged to suit the convenience of all classes of people, from business people who make short notes of engagements to those who confide all their joys and sorrows to a folio pages: and they range from a small pocket-book, with a week on one page, through various grades, suitable for doctors, housekeepers, &c;, to the large size, with only one day on each page. All are clearly printed, well arranged and nicely finished, and many of them, in addition to the usual pages of the diary, contain useful information on postal and other subjects. 