HELEN'S DILEMMA OTTArTER XXVI. f CONTINUED.! Two evonmgs lntor Sir Rupert found him self nt tho oporn— moro by tho wish of a friond of his than any dosiro of ins own. His friond was an old schoolfellow whom ho had not mot for yonra — a school- follow who had sought nnd found his fortuno at tho antipodes, and just rocontly taken a run homo to boo all tho old places and tho old pooplo, nnd was onjoyin<» himsolf with tho Kost of a sohooliioy in his holidays! had all tlio littlo hit's of Rossip and scandal at liis iingors' onds, know tho npponranco of most of tho cola- liritios— mnlo and fomalo — and was in ovory way making tho most of his timo. Ho kopt constantly staring about tho liotiso, and drawing his companion's most unwilling nttontion to this, that, or tho othor. A lato arrival — sovornl lato arrivals, in a box to thoir right — of courso claimed his marked interest. Aftor Btaving at thom for somo throo minutes ho turned round and tnpped Sir Ruport with his finger, and snid, in nu ongor whispor — " Do you boo thoso pooplo just como in, in tlio box to your right— ohlorly lady and gentleman, girl, and young follow' ? I'll toll you a qucor story about tho girl. Look nt hor now — slio in coming to tho front 1 Awfully prott.y, is sho not ?" Sir Ruport turned his honrl with languid indifforotico in tho dosired direction, and his cnroloss gaze foil upon Holen ! Yos, undoubtedly Holon this timo. Ho Boizod iiiB oporn-glnsH ; ho could hardly hold it, liis hand shook so inuoh. By a groat effort ho steadied himsolf, nnd gazed onco moro nt tlio third box in tho socond tior. . Yos, thoro sho was, looking woll, nnd rich, and radiantly happy. Hor colour had returned, hor faco was wreathed in smilos. Slio was lintoning with ovidont complncouoy to somothing that that young puppy holiind hor was loaning forward and saying. Sho was drosnod in a crenm-colourad sntin ovoning dress, cnt square, nnd trimmod with quantitios of lnco; two largo diamonds sparklod in oithor oar, anothor at hor throat ; a prodigious bou- quot lay on tho front of tho box beforo her, as woll as a mothor-of-poarl oporn- glnss. Sir Ruport took in all thoso luxurious dotails with a long gazo, and thon Bot down his glass. "Well!" snid his friond, olioorfnlly. ; "You hnvo had a rare good look at lio'r, and now what do you think of hor, oh?" An unintelligible muttering lost in his \- moustnolie wns tho only reply his com-- panion was ahlo to voudhsnfo him; hut this did not Boom to matter in tho lonst, for lio procoodod ongorly, — " Sho's _ a Miss Brown, a colonial heiress, with pots of money, my dour follow — thousands n-yonr, Tavy Los- borough is going in for hor, and lots of otliors ; lint from all I can hoar. bIio's not easy to plonso! " , "And wlioro did sho como from ?" asked liis now composod nnd dooply-intorostcd auditor. "Woll! that's tho quoor part of tho , business." "Oil! thon thoro is somothing quoor about hor?" "Not that, hut slio did tho oddost, mnddoat thing any girl not out of hor mind ovor did before." "Yos?" . " Sho was coming homo to hor relations — strangors — - in tho character of hn hoiross— relations to recoivo hor with opou ... arms. You know, of courso ! " /'Woll — woll, go ou!" vory inipationtly. "Unfortunately, it struok lior that sho would put thoir affection to tho tost, and sho_ changed plncos on hoard-ship with thoir govornoss that was to ho, and tho ;govornoss diod boforo thoy Inndod, nnd consequently Bho wns loft m no oiul of a Kolo. No ono would holiovo tlint sho wns an hoiross — noithor hor solicitors nor hor own pooplo, nor any ono — so sho had to work for hor bread in real onrncst. Thon oho got engaged to 6omo follow, I holiovo, and all was going on swimmingly till this governess's — tho doad ono's — child turnod up, and of courso ovory ono saddled it on hor. Sho wns turned out of doors, Noodless to sny hor lovor washed liis hands of hor, and sho wns loft to hor owu resources to support this brat ns host sho could ; and thon this othor woman's inis- . hand appeared on tho scono — caino homo /from India a raving madman, sot fire to hor lodgings, and thon committed suicido. 'Sounds liko a play, oh ?" ' But Sir Ruport's sot lips had lost tho powor of speech. "Thon hor Tasmanian friends enmo ovor and lifted hor hack into hor proper sphere. I hoard it nil from old Towors ; himsolf, that old buffor thoro in tho hack of tho box. _ Slio was starving! You . wouldn't boliovo it to look at hor now, oh? Of courso ho is awfully down on hor relations nnd tho solicitors. I wondor what tho lovor fools liko now, eh? Ra ther sorry for himsolf, eh ?" Tho lover's feelings could not ho ox- . . pressed as ho sat in rigid silcnco listening to this talo. Whon tho curtain wns raised for tho socond net ho roso nnd loft tho houso. Ho wont down and stood in tho streot, and tried to collect his sonsos. Passors- liy looked with; aroused .nmnzomont nt tho tip-top swoll in ovoning dress who was standing barohondod in tlio moonlight. So Holon wns right all through — really IHolen Brown, tho heiress, and no impos- tor. Hor piteous appeal enmo hack to him. now, " Won't you bcliovo in mo, Ruport ?" Tho words suomod branded into his very' lionrt with hot iron. IIo had scoffed at hor confession, laughnd at hor pretensions, nnd cast lior off. Yos, in spito of his protestations of_ liovor-dying faith. But who would holiovo that any girl would havo been canablo of such an act of Quixotic folly ! Now sho had regained hor identity, hor friomls, and hor thousands. Now sho had opora-boxos, thoroughbreds, and dia monds ; nnd now, of courso, sho would novor again oponlc to liiin ! And yot, now that ho know lior to ho what lio had nt first boliovcd — ns puro nnd uiisulliod as tlio lilies of tlio field — ho folt that lio lovod lior ton timos bottor than ovor. Not bo- causo sho was rich and dosirnblo in ovory way, ns with a sudden flush to iiis vory forehand ho told himsolf that all tlio world would fauoy. . No, hut simply bocauso 3I10 wns, and would ho, tho only woman lio had ovor lovod. Ho slowly mndo his way hack to tho opora-houso aftor a eonsidorahlo ahsouno, and pooplo woro loaving ns ho wont up tho stairs. Alas for him!" At what an unpro- pitionsmomont to moot his lato botrotliod fnco to faco 1 Had ho boon nlono. who knows what might havo ocourrod ? But ho -was not. Ho was listening to and flirting with_ a vory fast-looking, vory ducotcitc, noisy girl. (Holon, lio wns only listening; lio wns cnnglit in tho toils, and could not oscapo ! Nothing loss than a ory of firo would havo frood him.) As Miss Brown, Mrs. Towors, and sove ral attendant and oksoquions cavnliors enmo down tho lobby, for ono instant thoro wns a littlo block at tho top of tho stairs, and lio and Holon stood almost side hy sido. Would sho how to him ? Ho almost hold his breath. Would sho ovan Ionic nt him ? Yos, with a cold, indifferent glanoo, as of that hostowod on an absolute stronger. This tall young quoon of sociuty, in a white fur mnntlo, passed on downstairs, followod hy hor train, ono carrying hor bouquet, anothor hor fan, a third lior oporn-glassos. " That's tho now beauty, Miss Brown," simporod his fair jailor. " Yory aristo cratic-looking for a colonial, is sho not ? nnd worth hor weight in nuggots ! " CHAPTER XXVII. "Hulloh, whoro on berth havo vou boon?" said Sir Ruport's companion, suddenly appearing, and giving him a pretext to rolbnso himsolf ' at Inst. " What in tho world boenmo of you ? You missod a treat, I can toll you P Then suddenly struok by his companion's gravity and pallor, ho said, "you woro not ill, woro you? You look rather soody." " I folt tho placo rather warm — tho gas, you know, and I just wont outsido to got a breath of fresh nir." "Woll, you missod Albnni's Inst solo. It wns splendid ; aud yon missod more thnn thnt ! I wont round to old Towors' box hotwoon tho nets, and got introduced to tho hoiross, Ah, hu, my hoy I and if you lmd boon with mo you would havo boon prosontod too ! " At this plonsnnt proBpoct Sir Ruport could not refrain from an involuntary sliuddor. " Sho's ovon hottor-lonking thnn you'd think," procoodod his loquacious com panion, lighting a cigar. " Slio stands looking into, which is moro than you can say for a lot of girls — all so frightfully mado up ; hut thoro's no doooption about lior, I can tell you ! Such a skin — liko alnbnstor! such a pair of oyos, such a pretty littlo mouth ! " Sir Ruport ivincod, It revolted him to tho vory daptliB of his soul to hour this outspokon, coarso-mindod friond of his appraising Holon's charms. " By Georgo ! I think I'll ontor for tho stakos mysolf, oh? A olonr courso and no favour, now tlio lovor is dono for. I don't supposo sho would ovor look nt him again ? What do yon say ? " His companion mndo no direct reply, but hailing a hansom, snid, as ho put liis hand on tho door, — "Woll, goodnight, Stratton." " Aro you not coming to tho club ? " cried his friend, aghast. " No, no I " impntioutly. " What, tlio douco iB up with tho fol low ? " said Air. Stratton to himsolf as ho puffed angrily nt his cigar, and walked along briskly in tlio direction of Pall- mall. " Can't mako it out 1 Can't mako bond or tail of him 1 " removing his clio- root, mid surveying it with indignant interrogation. " Bolts out of tho theatre — hoat — all stuff! Looks as if ho had soon a ghost 1 Somo ono in tho houso, of courso — liut who? Always a rosorvod covo — oloso about his affairs 1 Honvons 1 " slapping his log oxultingly, "I havo it! Yos, I havo it, or my nnmo's not -Tom Stratton ! 7/c is tho lovor, by Goorgo 1 It was down uoar his placo sho had a situation 1 It wns aftor ho saw hor lio was struck dumb 1 No wondor. Small blnmo to him. And sho — sho lookod a littlo bit quoor, too, now I oomo to think of it, when I mentioned that I was with an old school - follow — a Sir Ruport Lynn 1 Oh I sny 1 won't this ho a fino story for Bob Slndon J " but after soino re flection it dnwnod upon Mr. Stratton that ho hail bettor keop his discovory to him solf. _ Rocollootions forced thomsolvos into his mind — recolleotions of othor days, whon Ruport Lynn, although a most loyal friend aud popular comrndo, ro- sontod vory deeidodlv nnv idln intorfnr- onco with wlint ho was pleased to consider his own private nffnirs. No !_ No 1 Por tho present ho would lcoop liis own counsel, anil lot ovouts un fold thomsolvos nt thoy pleased. And what about Sir Ruport! His reflections wore not of tho ploasantost, as ho divested himsolf of his dress coat, got into a shooting- jnckot, and throwing him self into an nrm-ohair opposite his firo. procoodod to light a cigar, that universal soother of men's ruffled toolings, and to fnco tlio situation. To judga by Holon's domoanour — hy hor look of frozon indifforonco, of total lack of recognition, ns far ns ho was concerned — tlioro was "no nppoal." Why, sho did not ovon chnngo colour, or botrny that sho had ovor set eyos on him boforo by so much as tho flickering of an oyo- lttsh. What marvollous solf-posses- sion 1 Who that know lior ns ho hnd dono would linvo boliovod that no marhlo stntuo could ho coldor or moro composed whon occasion required 1 (Ho wns not aware that sho had seon him from lior box. that sho hnd steolod horsolf to tho mooting, and hnd boon woll prepared for that accidental rencontre .) Would slio ovor forgivo him, or had sho hanishod liiin onliraly from hor heart aud thoughts? Should ho writo to hor ? Should ho omloavour to obtain ICatio's good ' ofllcos on his bolinlf ? 'What should ho do ? Por several days ho could not como to nny distinct conclusion. It drovo him nonrly frantic to hnnr othor mon discussing " tho fair Holon," ns they called hor ; to listen to thom weighing tho pros nnd cons ; tho chanco tor and ngninst this nnd that rival suitor ; to lionr thom laughing and chaffing, tlioso supposed aspirants, boforo his vory faco ; it was .simply innddoning. No wondor fellows nt tlio club bognn to say among thomsolvos that Lynn hnd a douco of a toinpor, nnd that ho could bo more Bnvcnstic whon ho liked than Rousliy; and tlmt was saying a good deal 1 What tlio mischief has como over him ; ho used to ho snoli a choory chap ; it was not monoy ; it wns not a woman; ho novor hothorod his bond about thom 1 What was it? It was somo satisfaction to Sir Ruport to know hy honmny, nt nny rato, that his placo hnd not boon fillod ns yot. Tho lioauty wns lmrd to plonso. Sho laughed at sontiraontal spooclios— snubbed tho too confidant of hor adoring cirolo. If ho dared to think that it was on account of a dim lingering regard for him, linw happy it would mako him. But no 1 no 1 ho dared nob lay that flattering unction to his soul. IIo was not so mad ns nil that I , IIo hnd soon hor sovornl timos sinco. Onco in tho pnrk reclining undor a white lnco parasol in a suporbly appointed landau, along with a bonovolont-looking old lady. Thoro had boon a block among uuv UUL3U iu iiiui, mm unun uyua had mot — this timo a faintly porooptiblo flood of pink hnd dyed lior ciiooks : but lior oyos gavo no sign. Sho turned thom away at onco and lookod straight boforo hor, presenting nothing but a haughty, rigid, littlo promo to liis gazo. Anothor timo lio hnd noon hor at a grand hall — tho bollo of tlio ovoning — bosioged with pnrtnors, and ho had hold aloof and afar off, with wild, angry, bitter thoughts in iiis mind. Alas ! who could ho blnmo but himsolf ? Ho had to thank no ono hut himsolf that ho stood ill the background — a strangor, instead of being ns ho on<!o was, tho liappy man to whom all hor diuicos, her pretty looks anil gay smiles liolongod. Ho mot hor onco moro at tho Aendomy, escorted from picture to picture hy Tavy Losborongh — gladly, oh 1 gladly would ho wring l'avy's nook — and horsolf attracting as much notico from tho crowd of fashionables as any painting tlioro. Tavy's ohnncos had boon spokon of with somo favour; liis mothor was bncking him, and so woro tho heiress's pooplo. Tavy was a young man who had a very sincoro appreciation of liis own morits, nnd thought it by no moans lioncnth his dosorts to bo escorting tho prettiest girl in London, and to ho tho onvioil of all (male) boholdors. Tavy wns an oxcollont spoci- mon of tho petit crSve of Paris — tho "mnshor" of London — tho inodorn Mnc- caroni or Blood. Ho lovod tho thoatro, ho doliglited in dross. His mission wns to stand about in nttituilos and ho ad mired. Ho likoil chnmpagno suppors, lio likod tho sooioty of liis follow-mnshors, ho likod his liborty — hut liis dohts woro pressing — ho would not mind renouncing his freedom in favour of AIi'bs Brown. Yos, thoro would ho a certain budos in walking off with tho hoiross, just undor tho noses of half-a-dozon othor follows. With tho mator to baok hiiu ho had a first- class chanco. CIT.VPTER XXVIII. Blancho Dospnrd hod boon a truo prophet whon sho hnd doolared to her mothor thnt " ICatio would bring hor round." Alluding to hor cousin Holon, tho bringing round had boon a much mora diflioult and dolioato manoeuvre than sho anticipated ; for Holon could novor com- pol horsolf to think of hor aunt and lior oldost cousin without toolings of intonso repulsion. Novortlioloss a truco was mndo, tho hatehot wns buried, and ponco ultimately proclaimed. Ratio's lamonoss had boon gotting worso and worso, and sho hnd boon brought up to London to ho placed undor tlio cure of a famous surgoon. On ono of hor days with him sho hnd cnllod at Mrs. Towors', anil had hnd n long, confidential talk with hor friond in tho hnck drawing- room. Holon wns inoxprossibly toucliod hy hor wan littlo faco — sharpouod nnd pinchod with wearying and constant pain. Sho saw a great difforonco in hor cousin since tho days thoy usod to rnmblo about tho woods of Cnrgow togetlior and sho usod to koop up with Loo-Loo and horsolf with tho greatest oaso — using hor stick with groat oftbot. Now, although it linil boon changed for a crutch, sho could hardly drag horsolf across a room. " Yon will havo to oomo and soo mo, Holon," sho said, nodding hor head om- phnticnlly. " Donrost Kntio, I could not — it would ho impossiblo ! " roturiiod Holon, colour ing warmly. "And why is it impossiblo? Why, of courso, it is bocnuso of mother and Blanoho. But you will havo to mako up and forgivo thom, soonor or lator. You soo wo really nro your own rolntivos, though no ono would havo imagined it to bo tho enso, judging from tlio warm ro- ooption wo gavo you 1 " with a hitter littlo laugh. "I thiuk friends do as well as relatives, if not hotter," snid Holon, " nnd you woro always my friond, anil always will ho ! " "And vou will havo to como and soo mo, for I can't como nnd boo you any moro." roturnod ICatio, with deoision. " Not any moro 1 and why not ? " oriod hor cousin, in dismay. "Bocnuso Dr. White thinks thnt nothing will do mo any good until I havo had a comjiloto rost. I am to ' lio up,' ns ho call it, and not raovo for tho nnvf. f.lirnn mnnf.lis "Pnnnv. fhrnn rnnnfliq in hod, with my log iu a kind of iron cngo I " "Poor Kitty, how dreadful for you 1 " " Yos — it is not a pleasant prospoot, is it?" shrugging hor shouldors. "And this is positively my Inst nppoai nnco, so I camo to toll you nil about it, and liog you — yos, hog you, donrost Holon, for my snko, to lot bygones lio bygonos with tho mator nnd Blancho. I know I am asking a groat deal, and it is more than half puro soliishnoss on my part ; but think of mo lying up tlioro in that horriblo hack room for tho lioxt throo mouths, hardly sooing n soul, witli littlo to do bnt to study tho pattern of tho papor on tho wall ; for I am not to uso my aims, not to writo, not to work ; and itnagino what a boon your visits would ho, ilonr Holon. I may not ho with you long," laying hor hand on hor arm, and looking into lior fnco with wist ful oyos. " Nonsonso, Kitty 1 you must not say such things," said hor companion, im petuously. " I won't listen to you; hut as you soom to wish it so vory muoh, and for your sako only, romombor, I will try nnd bring mysolf to moot your mothor, hut with this understanding, that wo moot for tho first timo now ns absolute strangers, Thoro novor was suoli a por son ns Miss Holon Brown, tho govornoss. I insist on this boing thoroughly under stood." " I am sure it is awfully good of you, Holon ; and you may ho vory sure that mothor and Blnncho will ho only too de lighted to fall iu with tliut viW of tho' enso ; it will not ho nearly so awkward tor thom." " Then wo will mako anowdoparturo," continued Holon, rising ninl pacing tho renin. " Your mothor can como horo and soo hor niooo, tlio rich hoiross, who has just arrived in this country with lior friouds Afr. and Airs. Towors, and wo will havo no unploasant allusions to a former acquaintance. I lonvo tlio ontiro matter in your hands : it is your affair. I am bringing mysolf to a forgiving framo of mind ontiroly for your snko." It will hardly bo necessary to add that Mrs. Despard oagorlv clutched nt tho oitvo branch oxtoniloa by hor rich nioco, and lost no timo in making a formal call, in tho character of an affectionate aunt 1 On tho snfo and happy noutral topic of Holon's_ lato father Mrs. Dospnrd hold forth with Bistorly eloquonco. To listen to lior now, ho wns dearer to hor than brothor had ovor boon to sister sinco tho creation ol tlio world ; and all hor devo tion tor liim sho wns ready to transfer nt n moment's notico to his daughter, hor dear nioco. bliss Blanoho contented horsolf with maintaining a smiling, sympathetic si- lonco_; lior activo littlo brain was already wonving many schomos on liohnlf of hor lovely cousin. In tho first placo, Blancho iiuonaoh to out a oorcam quantity ot that vory unappotising morsol "liumlilo pio ;" thon sho would take hor nowly-found ro- lativo to hor bosom nnd adopt hor as hor iloarost, most oonfulontinl, and chorishod friond. This would naturally bo mutual —for Holon soomod an impulsivo, simplo- minilod girl, easily amusotl, onsily angorod, easily nppeasod, anil vory backward in knowing tho ways of tho world. Sho, Blanoho, would gain lior ontiro confidence, find out her feelings with regard to Ruport, and strain ovory norvo to koop thom apart ; tho nrmistioo, muoh loss treaty of ponco, must on no account ex tend to him. Thoso nro a tow of tho ideas that woro passing throush Afiss Dospard's mind as sho sat in Mrs. Towors' drawing-room, occasionally glancing at hor mothor anil cousin, anil drawing an olaborato pattern on tho carpot with tho tip of hor parasol. To a cortain oxtont sho was enabled to carry out hor schomos. Holon was a constant visitor in Cndo- gan-oroscont ; hor visits woro intended for Kntio, to whom sho brought quantitios of tho most lovoly flowors, fruits, all tho now papers, magazines, and books; hut TlldniTJlllv film frftnnwif.lw nnnmitifaiviil othor momhors of tho family, and was drawn into tons, dinners, anil drivos. Sir Ruport's faco of unqualified nmnzomont tho first day lio bohold Holon ocounying a soat in tlio Dospnrd landau was boyond doscription. Ho could hardly trust his oyos ns ho saw Holon and hor nunt rapidly rolling down Bond- streot, evidontly ongngod in tho most friondly conversation. Ho was standing in a shop-door, unsoon by both, What did it moan p If sho hnd forgiven hor relatives, would sho not also pardon him ? fTO TIE CONTINUED. 