BAPTISM OF THE QUEEN'S GRANDDAUGHTER. THE REV. DR. CAMERON LEES OFFICIATING. An event of some historical interest took place a few weeks ago at Balmoral Castle, the occasion being the celebration of the baptism of the infant daughter of his Royal Highness Prince Henry of Battenbnrg and her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice. The yonng princess, the second child of their royal highnesses, wbb born at Balmoral Castle on the after- j noon of Monday, 24th October, and in announcing the event the "Court Cir cular" stated that the birth was the first that had occurred in the Royal Family in Scotland since 1000. On 19th November j of that year the ill- fated Charles L, second eon of James L, was born at Danfermline. Probably the baptism of the Princess Beatrice's little daughter was the first ncder the Presbyterian form that has ever occurred in the royal family alnce the Union. The baptism was celebrated In the drawing-room of the castle, a spacious apartment, possessing characteristics of a Highland home, the furniture being up holstered in tartan cloth, of which material the window drapery was also composed. The room was specially em bellished for the occasion. The font was | place* on a square pedestal, encased la crimeon doth. The font was the large chastely-ornamented gold one which has being need in the baptism of all the mem bers of the royal family. At the base of the pedestal, and arranged around the base of the font, there was a chaste dis play of leaves and flowers, comprising white chrysanthemums, Cape jasmine, arbor *ilae sprigs, while lilies, and maidenhair ferns. The water in the font came from the Hirer Jordan. While the Royal party entered the drawing-room the Madrigal Choir sang a choral by H.R.H. Prinoe Consort — In life1* fray morn, ere sprightly youth Bj rice and felly ia enslaved ; Ob. nay thy Maker's frlorions name Be on thy infant mind engraved. This verse was also being sung while the Infant princess was brought Into the room by Lady Biddulph and two naraes. Dr. Cameron Lees then performed the cere mony of baptism according to the simple order of the Church of Scotland, her Majesty holding the Infant princess while the water was sprinkled on the child's face. The names given were—Victoria Eugenic Julia Eva. Immediately after the baptism, the choir sang " St. Francis," by Sir Arthur Sullivan, the words specially arranged being— O, Father, Thou Who hast created all, In wisest love we pray, Look oo this babe, who at Thy gracious call, Ia entering on life'a way ; Bend o'er her in Thy tenderness, Thine image on her sonl impress— O Father, hear. 0, Son of God, who diedit for ob, behold, We bring oar child to Thee; Tboa. tender Shepherd, take her to Thy fold. Thine own for aye to be | Defend her through this earthly strife. And lead her on the path of life, O, Son of God! O, Holy Ghost, who broodest o'er the wave, Descend upon this child; Give her undying life, her spirit lave With waters andettled ; Grant her, while yet a babe to be A child of God, a home for Thee— O, Holy Ghost! Dr. Cameron Lees then offered up prayer, and thereafter the choir sang 41 Now thank we all our God." Dr. Cameron Lees then.pronounced the Bene diction, and the ceremony was over, having lasted about twenty minutes. The scene presented was very picturesque. Ber Majesty wore a black dress and white cap. The keepers and gillies wore High land dress, and the bright hue of Die tartan, as well as of the scarlet coats most of the men servants wore, added color to the scene and enhanced its effect. Most of the servants wore jubilee medals. After the ceremony was over all those who had been Invited to witness it had luncheon in the ballroom. On the above ceremony the London Presbyterian of December 2 has the fol lowing remarks :— *' The baptism of the infant Princess at Balmoral by a Presby terian minister has produced a great com motion among the High Church party in England. True it is that the Rev. Dr. Cameron Lees is a minister of the Church of Scotland, to the maintenance of which the Queen is pledged by her coronation oath quite as much as to that of the Church of England. He Is, moreover, one of her Majesty's chaplains, and Daan of the Chapel Royal and of the Order of the Thistle All that, however, is nothing in the eyes of those arro gators of a monopoly to all clerical functions. 'We may believe,' aaya tha Churdi Review, ' that the child is validly baptised, since the church recognises lay baptism.' How exceedingly condescend ing it is of the Churdi lUcieio to make that admission when the layman ia ques tion is a Presbyterian minister and royal : chaplain. The Claircli Times cannot find any language at all adequate to express ita emotions, and consequently prints the announcement of the baptism in the most conspicuous part of the paper, merely pre facing it by saying :—' We give the greatest possible prominence to the fol lowing astonishing paragraph.' Fortu nately the nation at large has not the slightest sympathy with churchmen of that eort, and their outcry is more likely to excite ridicule than to gain apprecia tion from any but their own exclusive clique." 