F e d e r a l C o n n e i l t r e m i s • i f l F x - [ f bo k A MELBOUBNB COEEESPONDENT, The Argue a few days book informed us that M r Gillies and Sir Samuel Griffith, the respective Premiers o f Victoria and Queensland, were on the point o f visiting Tasmania as members o f “ The Federal Council." One reason fo r this action, as explained to ns, is that second meeting—shorn though it be of the goodly and more pretentious proportions o f the firat-is requisite_and necessary to keep the Council alive. Ae nurseB or doctors, therefore, rather than as statesmen, do the Australian so-called representatives join their third medico, or mediooes in Hobart. " O f course,” says the Argue, "th e business w ill be * merely form al1" ; end yet the same antbenty informs us that tbe assembled politicians w ill discuss such qaestion* as ‘ ‘ anti-Chinese legislation, and tho defences.” W e have read in Kngliah history of a Hump Parliament, and we liave here the fag end o f a Council which is w ell entitled to a fimilar titular distinction. The Argue retunrs to the subjeet to-day, in a leader, from which I extract the following passages—" So long as New South Wales and £outh Australia ignore the scheme to which they once assented, the Federal Council is a ghost rather than a reality. I t is o f nouse prolongin g tbe existenoe o f a phantom, aud, consequently, all federalists Will be in accord with Sir Samuel Griffith aod M r Gillies iu their desiro to reform the Hobart body (the italics are mine), and endue it with life ." When M r Mostalini, iu want of money, sought to terrifv the too credulous but oofiaiionally olose-fieted, Madame Mantalini, he threatened to destroy himseli “ and become a demnition body;*' but as the Taimtninn undivided portion of this Biameso body still lives sod Is not threatening suicide, there seems no reason why it should he specially called "th e Hobsrt b o d y ,"* Jive or dead. The Council was begotten and born in Sydney, and seeing that Sydney now disowns its own offspring the responsibility fo r it health or life is not to be fastened on Hobart more than on any other city. I t has been often, and jtu ily demanded. B y what authority did a small ooterie of Ministers in the year 1883. come together in that oity, and take it into their beads to frame a Council paramount ? They had never been authorised by their respective Parliaments, nor by any public1 popular movement whatsoever, to assume ao momentous a work. ‘ T o enhanoe tbe cool impudence o f the proceeding, these officious volunteers ’ sat i With d o te d doors,. and after s p a e t fo n rh r avoid the apprehended criticism o f their respective Parliaments, they proceeded b y resolution, inoorparating, so to sphsk; th fjr abortion in globo, and th u s'‘ ho eprerlunity was afforded to the ^Opposition to disonsi clauses in deta\l. fWbst Wonder,"therefore, that w h fn r th4 j^Cs- \- ty iim Fresi. Juid people c im e to analyse Ih e crude scheme, its numerous, d e le te ''w e re denounced •with alL.bot" universal xidioulc and contempt. 'Tbo' on ly defender* o f .it were tbe.thicV-sndthin suppo tors o f the governments implicated in tho performance. 11Reform the Hobart body,” forsooth 1 Neither H o­ bart, nor v Tasmania—as a people, had act or - port in th j production. The late M r Giblin, hod individually only a sixth or seventh share in its parentage, and no one has ’ any right to affillists it, speciaUy on tbe Tasmanian community, who, o f course, to speak with effect, ‘ can oaly do so through their Parliament. The Tasmanian Parliament, has not, any more than have the other' Parliaments ever been properly seised o f 'the subject. Discreet federalists may well complain o f the precipitate, most irregular, and unconstitutienal action by whioh this unworkable *?' body” was brought into erietenoe. I t has retarded rather than advanced the federation oE these colonies, a consummation which can o ily be aeniered when the necessity for it is unanimously recognised by an enlightened people. Melbourne, January 9,1888. 