THE STORY-TELLER. A TALE OF THREE LIONS. [By Bider Haggard, in Atalanta.} At l&Bt; Harry fell fast asleep, and even I could scarcely keep my eyes open. Indeed, I was juBt dropping off when suddenly Pharaoh gave me a pnsh, " Listen 1" he whispered. I waB awake in a seoond, and listening with all my ears. From the clamp oi bash to the right of the lightning-Bhattered stump to which 'the sick ox was tied oame a • faint ctackling noise. . Presently it was repeated. Something was moving there, faintly and quietly enough, but still moviDg perceptibly, tor in the intense stillnesB of the night any sound seemed loud. I woke up Harry, who instantly said, ".Whereis she? where is she?" and began to point his rifle about in a fashion that was more dangerous to us and the oxen than to any possible lioness. _ "Be quiet!" I whispered savagely; and as I did so, with a low and a hideous growl a flash of yellow light sped ont of the clump of bush, past the ox, and into the corresponding clump upon the' other side. The poor siok brute gave a sort of gro.an, and staggered round and then began to tremble; I could see it do so clearly in the moonlight, which was nowvety bright, and I ielt a brute for having exposed the unfortunate animal to such agony as he.must undoubtedly be undergoing, The lioness, for it was she, passed eo quickly that we could not even distinguish her move ments, much less fire. Indeed at night it is absolutely useless to attempt to shoot unless the object is very close and standingperfectly still, and then the light is so deceptive and it is eo difficult to see the foresight that the best shot will miss more often than he hits. "She will be back again presently," I said: " look ont, but for Heaven's sake don't fire nnless I tell you to." Hardly were the words out of my mouth when back she came, and aeain nasaed the ox without striking him. " What on earth is she doing!" whispered Harry. "Flaying with it as a oat does a mouse, I suppose. She will kill it presently." As I spoke the lioneeB onoe more flashed out of the bush, and this time sprang right over the doomed and tremblirig ox. It was a beautiful eight to see her clear him in the bright moonlight, as though it were a triok that she had been taught. " I believe that she has escaped from a circus," whispered Harry; "its jolly to see her jump.' 1 said i 1 said nothing, but I thought to myself that if it was Master Harry did not quite appreciate the programme, and small blame to him. At any rate, his teeth were chatter ing a little. Then came a longish pause, and I began to think that she muet have gone away, when suddenly Bhe appeared again, and with one mighty bound landed right on to the ox, and struck it a fearful blow with her paw. Down it went, and lav on the ground kicking feebly. She put down her wicked looking head, and with a fierce growl of con tentment, buried her long white teeth in the throat of the dying animal. When she lifted her muzzle again it was all stained with blood. She stood facing us obliquely, licking her blbody chops and making a sort of purring noise.:' "Now's our time," I whispered, "fire when I do." I got on to her as well as I'could, but Harry, instead of waiting for me, &b; I told him, fired before 1 did, and that of course bnrried me. When the smoke oleared, how ever, I was delighted to see the lionesB was rolling about on the ground behind the body of the ox, which covered her in each a fashion, however, that we could not shoot again to make an end of her. " She's done for! She's dead, the yellow devil 1" yelled Pharaoh in exultation, and at that very moment the lioness, with a sort of oonvulbive rush, half rolled, half sprang, into tbe patch of thick bush to the right. I fired after her as she went, but so far as I could see without result; indeed the probability is tbat I misBed her clean. At any rate she got to tbe buBh in safety, and once there, began to make such a diabolical noiee as I never heard before. She would whine and shriek with pain, ond buret out into perfect volleys of roaring that shook tbe whole plaoe. " Well," I said, " we must just lot her roar; to go into that bush after her at night would be madness." At that moment, to my astonishment and alarm, there came an answering roar from the direction of the river, and then another from behind the swell of bush. Evidently there were more lionB about. The wounded lioness redonbled her efforts, with the object, I sap pose, of Bnmmoning tbe others to her assis tance, At any rate they came, and qnickly, too, for within five minutes, peeping through the bnBheB of our skerm fenoe, we saw a magnificent lion bounding along towards ns, through tbe tall tambouki grass, that in the moonlight looked for all the world like ripen ing corn. On he came in great leaps, and a glorionB sight it was to see him. When with in 50 yardB or so, he stood still in an open space and roared, and the lioness roared too, and then there came a third roar, and another great blaok- maned lion stalked majestically up, and joined number two, and really 1 began to realize what the ox must have nndersone. "Now, Harry," I whispered, "whatever yon do, don't fire ; it's too risky. If they let us be, let them be." Wei), the pair of tbem marched off to the bash where th6 wounded lioness was now roaring double tideB, and the whole three of them began to snarl and grumble away together there. Presently, however, the lionesB ceased roaring, ana the two lions came out again, the black maimed one first— to prospect, I suppose—and walked to where the carcase of the ox lay, and Bniffed at it. " Oh, what a ehot 1" whispered Harry, who was trembling with excitement. "Yes," I said, " but don't fire ; they might all of them come for ub." Harry said nothing, but whether It was from the natnral impetuosity of youth, or because he was thrown off Mb balance by excitement, or from sheer recklessness and devilment, I am sure I cannot tell you, never having been able to get a satisfactory explanation from him; but at any rate the fact' remains, he without word or warning, entirely disregarding my exhorlation, lifted up Mb Westley Richards, and fired at the black-maned lion, and, what is more, hit it slightly on the flank. Next second there was a most awful roar from the injured lion. He glared around him and roared with pain, for he was sadly stung: and then, before I could make up my mind what to do, the great blaok maned brute, cleary ignorant of the cause of his pain, sprang right at the_ throat of his companion, to whom he- evidently at tributed his misfortune. It was a curious sight to see the evident astonishment of the other lion at this most unprovoked assault. Over be rolled with an angry snarl, and on to him sprang the black maned demon, and commenced to worry him, ThlB finally awoke the yellow-maned lion to a sense of the situation, and I am bound to say that he rose to the occasion in a most effective manner. Somehow or other he got to his feet, and, roaring and snarling frightfully, closed with his mighty foe. Ana then enBned a most tremendous scene. Yon know what a shocking thing it is to see two large dogs fighting with abandonment. Well, a whole hundred of dogs oonld not have looked half so terrible as those two-great brutes as they rolled and rolled and rent in their horrid rage. They gripped each other, " others throat till their they tore at each - manes oame out in handfuls, and the red blood streamed down their yellow hides. It was an awfnl and a wonderful thing to see the great cats tearing at each other with all the fierce energy of their savage strength, and making the night hideons with their heart - shaking noise. And the fight was a grand one, too. For some minutes it was impossible to say which wsb getting the best of it, bat at last I saw that the black-maned lion, though he was elightly the bigger, was failing. I am inclined to think that the wound in hiB flank had crippled him. Anyway he began to get the worst of it, which Berved him right, as he was the aggresBor. Still I oonld not help feeling sorry for him, for he had a gallant fight, when his antagonist finally got him by the tbroat, and, struggle and strike ont ashe would, began to shake the life out of him. Over and over they rolled together, a hideous and awe-inBpiring spectacle, but the yellow one wonld not lose: his hold, and at length poor black-mane grew taint, his breath came m great snores and seemed to rattle in his nostrils, then he opened his huge month, gave the ghost of a roar, quivered, and was dead. When he was quite sure that the victory was hiB own the yellow-maned lion loosed his grip and sniffed at his fallen foe. Then he licked the dead lion's eye, and next, with bis forefeet resting on the carcase, sent up his own chant of victory, that went rolling and pealing down the dark paths of the night in all the gathered majesty of Bonnd, And at this point I interfered. Taking a careful sight at the centre of his body, in order to give the largest possible margin for error, I fired, and; sent a '570 express bullet right through him, and down he dropped dead upon the carcase of his mighty foe. After that, fairly satisfied with onr per formances, we Blept peaceably till dawn, leaving Pharoah to keep watch in case any more lions should take it into their heads to rnrriA nor war. When the eun was fairly up We arose, and went very cautiously—at least Pharaoh and I did, for I would not allow Harry to come—to see if we conld find any trace of the wounded lioness. She had ceased roaring immediately on the arrival of the two lionB, and had not made a sound since, from which we concluded that she was probably dead. I was armed with my express, while Pharaoh, in whose hand a rifle was indeed a dangerouB weapon to his companions, had| an axe. On ourway we stopped to look at the two dead lions. They were magnificent animals, both of them, but their pelts were entirely spoiled by the terrible mauling they had given to each other, which wsb a sad pity. In another minute we were following the blood-spoor of the wounded lioness into the buBh where she had taken refuge. This, I need hardly say, we did with the utmost caution; indeed, I for one did not at all like the job, and was only consoled by- the reflec tion that it was necessary, and that the bush was not thick. Well, we Btood there, keep ing as far from the trees as possible, search ing and looking about, but no lioness could we see, though we saw plenty of blood. " She must have gone away somewhere to die, Pharoah," I said in Zulu. " Yes, InkooB" (ohief), he answered, " she has certainly gone away." Gardly were the words out of his mouth when 1 heard a most awfnl roar, and starting round saw the lioness emerge from the very centre of a bush, jnst behind Pharoah, in which she had been curled up. Up she went on to ber hind legs, and as she did so I saw that one of her fore-paws was broken near the shoulder, for it hung limply down. Up she went, towering right over Pharoah's head, as Bhe did so lifting ner uninjured paw to strike him down. Ana then, before I could get my rifle round or do anything to avert the coming catastrophe, tne Zulu did a very brave and clever thing. Realizing hiB own imminent danger he bonnded to one side, and then, swinging the heavy axe round his head, brought it down right on to her back, severing the vertebra and killing her in stantaneously. It was wonderful to see her collapse all in a heap, like an empty saok. 