Chapter XXIV., and last. The coroner's jury brought in a verdict of ' accidental death' upon body of tho unhappy priest. Mr. Clayton was still anxioas to ex pose the lato ' nefarious transactions,' as ho called them, in the papers, but Dorothy tear fully besought his forbearance. 'There aro bad, foolish mistaken men in all communions,' she said. 'Do not let the errors or crimes of Father Philip bo charged to tho Romish Church ' * ' But, my dear child,' objected the energetic clergyman, ' ho acted only on the system of his Church ; that is the evil I wish to ex pose.' ' Will you for my sake forbear ?' again she entreated. ' Father Philip was a kind friend to me once — nay. even from my childhood— and he is dead ! Had ho been living, I would not have interonded for him before him. Spare his memory for my sake I' And- Mr. Clayton yielded. Bt there wero strange rnmonrs abroad in the village. Winifred Jones had whispered about tho cause of my illness, and everybody knew that tho secret chamber of the Lloyds' had been mado tbo prison of popular ' Doctor Frank.' ~~ One day Mr, Tudor, who was a deputy lieutenant for the county, called on Douglas, and they had a long long confidential chat,, which ended in Douglas and himself proceed ing to the haunted side of tho quadrangle Together they examined tho room, and re turned about an hour, looking very grave, Mr. Tudor holding a rather large open packet in his hand. 'This mystery,' said Douglas 'is solved, Thero was an unhappy inmate of tbo secret chamber, who lived in it for thirty years. Wo all utterod an exclamation of horror all but Dorothy, who buried her face in hor hands and sobbed. ' But,' continued Mr. Tudor, ' sho— for it was a woman— was not confined against bor own will. Sho was a voluntary recluse.' ' How extraordinary 1' I exclaimed. ' Who was sho?' ' The stop-sister of Mrs. Lloyd, only a rery much younger woman,' replied Mr. Tudor. ' Step-sister !' I exclaimed. ' Douglas, she must have been our great-aunt!' ' Yes, dear,' he replied, gravely. ' It was the Blue Lady — Lucy Fortescue.' So my likeness to the nameless portrait was accounted for ! ' We think it better for you to read this manuscript yourself, Imogen continued my brother. ' It will make everthing clear to you ;' and ho took the roll of papers from Mr. Tudor and put them into my hand. Then io stepped np to whero Dorothy was sitting ind extended his hand. ' Dorothy,' ho said, with omotion, ' forgive ill my past suspicions, I beseech you, and iccept tbo assurance of Mr. Tudor's and my ^reat esteem for you and our admiration of rour conduct.' ' With a rosy blush and a sweot, shy smile, Dorothy extended her hand to meet his ; hor iyos were full of tears, but sho did not speak, ilaantimo, after one glance at tho pair, I re roated to the oriel window and opened the nanuscript. Jt ran thus — ' I havo been requested by dear Mrs Lloyd —my moro than sister — to writo these fow -agcs in order that no suspicion of foul play iractiseJ on mo might evor rest on tho iweet child who, after her — Mrs. Lloyd's — ieath, must bo my protectress. ' My name was Lucy Ashton ; I marriod 3eoil Fortesquo, a rich man much older than myself, we lived very unhappily. I will not now recount the injuries done me by him, but in self-defence I must say that no human being's life was moro wretched than mine. Cecil was cruel, selfish, jealous, meanly malignant ; but lie did not merit tho doom ho mot at my hand. Yes, it is a relief to confess it thus, though I know no human oyo may probably ovor rest on this page. Ho had been ill, and I was his nurse. Ho mado tho office almost intolerable for me. Ono night, sitting by his bed, whoro bo lay sleeping, after a day of unspeakable insults offered by him to me, a dark wish that he might never recover orossed my mind. Just then he woke and asked me for a dose of tar tar emetic. I mixed a dose which requirod no. repetition ; but even as ho drank it tho iron ontorcd my soul and has never stopped peircing it since. I cannot dwell upon this iiorror. Ho died. Thero was an inquest ; but my brotbor-in-law, Mr. Lloyd, who chanced to bo staying with us, was an in timate friend of tho coroner's, and the inquiry was hurried ovor. Tho vordiot was ' acci dental death.' . It was believed that a wrong dose had boon sont by mistake from tho chemist's ; but nothing of the kind oould bo proved, and suspicions of a gravo nature wore roused against mo. ( I won*, abroad for a timo, but when I ro t ii mod 1 was torrifiod by a visit from Mr. Lloyd, who told mo that my lady's maid had married tho chemist — whoso reputatton as a caroful dispenser had been much, injured by tho inquiry — and that sho openly declared that she know I had mixed tbo draught with poison ; sho bad seen mo through tbo open door with two bottlos in my band. ' If sho bad stated this at tho inquost, it would havo boon fatal to you, Lucy,' ho said ; ' but as sho said nothing then, it is not likely sho will bo uoiievou now, whon she has the motivq.of sotting her husband right with his customors to prompt a falsokood.' ' What oau bo done P1 1 askod, ' Absolutely nothing. But I thought you ought to kow this boforo you roturnod to your homo.1 ' My houso — a noblo plaoo — was near Plas Madoo. I roturnod homo novortholoss ; to havo romalnd away away any longor would hiwo romainod longor would uavo boon togivo Homo countenance to thoso rumors. But aftor my return not ono of my former acquan tnucc callod ou uio; and if by obauoo our carriages passed on tbo country -roads, or in the town, -they looked another way. I was 'sent to Coventry' ni'Ht completely. People shunned me as they would have shunned u snake. My servants gavo warning and it was almost impossible to replace them. My nights were haunted by tho fiico of my dying husband, my days were bitter with shame and unspoken but felt contempt and suspicion from nil around me. Only two friends con tinued kind to me ; they were my stop-sister and hor husband. They invited mo to stay at Pass Madoc, and I went. But while I was there no other human being camo near the place. Thoy had an only child — a sweet boy ivbo was my idol, and had once been de votedly fond of ' aunt Lucy.' But ono day bo drew buck when I would havo kissed him, and faid — 'Aunt Lucy, is it true that you poison people ?' I could not answer ; and he continued, ' It is very wicked to hurt people you should not do it.' His mothe1' hereupon took him by the arm and led him from the room ; but I noticed that sho never after thai lot him be alone with me — nor, in fact, much with us at all. Not very long afterwards the child sickened and died. The death was quite a natural one, and I was sure thoLlovds never dreamed of suspecting ma of having 'injured their darl ings but I could see that the servants glanced at mo with a kind of horror which communicated itself to me. I had hitherto boon a protestant but in reality had no reli gion. I was not an unbeliever, but I cared nothing about tho matter. It was at this time, after dear little Llewellan's death, that my step sister — who had been brought up a Roman Catholic — spoke to me of her faith ; and, in my agonised state of mind, no ono can conceive how thankful I was to gain the chance of confessing and receiving absolu tion. I was received into the Roman Catholic Church j and then to the saintly confessor I told my terrible secret. To my horror, he required me to confess ray sin publicly, and meet with resignation the doom I had deserved. But I could not, and I would not. Many were the discussions we wo bad on tho suCject, but they all came to nothing. ' At length, one day, Mr. Lloyd sont for mo, and with a grave face informed me that ono of my old neighbours — a man who bad been a great friend of my late husband's — was going to have the circumstances of Mr. Furtesque's death inquired into, tho chemist's wife being ready to swear to hor recent dis closures. ' I fear, Lucy,' he said, ' that there will bo a trial — Heaven grant that you may be proved innocent ! But, if you havo any fear, there is even now timo to flv.' ' A sudden inspiration seized me. ' Listen,' I said. ' Hugh, I do fear — scarcely to loso my wretched life, but to be exposed to shame and scorn, and to dishonour all my family . Let mo dio— let mo sink out of sight, and never again bo heard of.' ; What do you mean V ho asked, with a shudder. ' Tho secret chamber — may I not dwell thero, a penitent for the rest of my days ?' Ho shuddered again. ' Then,' ho said, in a low, deep voico, ' you aro guilty ?' ' I bowed assont — I could not speak. Ho turned from mo with, a kind of shrinking which wounded mo to the soul. ' I will think about it, and talk to Father Francis. Ho knows, of courso V ' Yes,' I sobbed — ' and bo is very hard on me.' ? ' Finally, by Father Francis's advico, Mr. Lloyd consonted to my being shut np in the secret chamber. The priest considered the lenance I meant thus to devoto myself to as i permissible compromise to savo the honour jf the Lloyds and yot to punish my crime. Tho ?oom was prepared — it was reached through ;ho Lloyds' chamber — and I became its in nate for tho rest of my life. I made over ny great wealth, partly to. Mr. Lloyd as :rustee partly as a gift to tho Church, and :hus I closed my lifo on earth. ' Years afterwards, whon all were dead who would havo injured, mo they would have !iad mo reappear amongst men ; but I refused then as I refused before, to leave tbo cell and ;ro abroad to a convent. ' It was in this chamber I learned what true repoutanco was and gained absolution. My days havo been spent in tears, prayers, Fasts, and solf-mortifications, which I trust may avail mo though of courso only in a de gree. I sent a bandsomo'sum to the poor chemist whom I had injured — a provision for his lifetirao I gave much alms— but I havo never known peace. . ? ' Tho years passed on. Of tho outer world I refused to bear anything, though I bad daily visits from either Mr. Lloyd, or my stcp-sistor, or tbo priost. I was dead to tbo world, and, aftor a timo was forgotten by it. But tho lapse of years brought changes. Poor Father Francis died, and Father Philip, a young man then, took his place. Next my true and good friend Hugh Lloyd died, and we bis wife and I— grievod bitterly ? for him. Our days were spent in praying for bis BOUl. ? ': ? .?« r 'After his death my sistor. persuaded me somotimes to loavo my coll and sit with her ; and at night I was wont to walk about tbo house for exoorciso and change of air. I was soon once or twice, but was taken, Mary told me, for a ghost. ' One night I frighloned a poor schoolboy ,- involuntarily ; but be was bold of heart, and I did him no harm. ' But one night going unexpectedly into my sister's chamber, I woke a young girl who was— unknown to me — placed in the secret ohambor passage-room to sloop. My. gastly face whitened by long seclusion and fasts, terrified hor— my dross, which al ways, when I left my room, was blue, to sup port tbo idea of tho ghost, was like tho pic ture bug knew, and convincod hor that I was a spirit. Tho effect was terrible The next day hor hair had become white. I cannot express how dooply this grioved mo. For a long timo I walked no moro. ? Some time aftorwards, as my sister grew too feoblo to attond entirely on my wants, sho — with my pormision told my story to Dorothy Wynn — tbo poor ohild — and from that hour tbo swoot croaturo has boon a minis toring spirit to mo. I lovo her liko a daugh ter, by my will havo mado her hoiross of tho proporty I havo rotainod, ' Sinco I havo boon ill another has boon taken into tho socrot — Frunk Tressilian — vory unwillingly, ,1 foar — and ho has usod great skill and oaro to prcsorvo my hoalth and and life — although I enn sco ho shrinks from and loathes mo. Both nro bound by oath novor to reveal my seorot. (to uis coaoi.uDE» in oun hexx,) 