She Wxsbmt QHmtritf. TUESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1888. raising is one aspect or incident in what may be called the European war problem whose significance is not generally apprehended. The personal friendship that has existed for half a century between the heads of the houses of Romanoff and Hohenzollerns will not fall through by reason of the want of any effort on the part of the present Emperor of Germany, or of the Czar, to keep it intact Their late meeting, and the exuberance of their mutual courte ? sales, will be in the memory of all. The influence of individuals, of however great and peculiar a character, manifestly does not control the vast issues of national life, one of the vastest if not the vastest-of which is war. Napoleon III's plea that the Franco-German struggle of 1870 was forced on to him must be recognised as a just one, and a like necessity drove the Austrian Emperor into the war that ended at Sadowa, or Czar Alexander II into the " "Muscovite Crusade" of 1877-8. None the less, in certain cases a great ruler may give the direction of a national restlessness and spirit of aggression the shape which best suits him and his dynasty, and the French in the Crimea or at Magenta and Solferino are surely examples of this, It is pretty clear that, sooner or later, Russia, in her efforts after expansion to the great sea highways and richer classes will come into collision with some other European power, and there seems no doubt but that the deepest race antipathy possessed by the Slav is that against the Teuton. We have the celebrated expression of the Russian soldier to the effect that the gates of Constantinople are to be found in Berlin, and this expression of what the French call In killie politique militaire finds a singular parallel in the venge- ful cries of the Russian financiers who tell us that, not only is the failure of the late proposed Russian loan due to the compul- sion put by Bismarck on the German Stock Exchange to induce a Russian boycott, but that it is the settled policy of the man and his Government to paralyse all Russian trade to the West, This pressure is felt of course, throughout all business, for the sole perennial thoroughfare for the European trade is through Germany. That delicate and acute writer, Mr. Henry James, speaks in his last book, recently reviewed in these columns, of Turgenieff as being "the voice of those imagined Slav multitudes whom we think of more and more to-day as waiting their turn, in the arena of civilisa- tion, in the gray expanses of the North," And again, he takes TurgeniefFs concep- tion of his own race and nationality as being of a people " rich, unformed, undeveloped, with all sorts of administrations, of qualities in a state of fusion, stretching itself out as a mysterious expanse in which it is impossible as yet to perceive the role tion between gifts and weaknesses." Tur- genius is a novelist of the very first order, and the keenest of social critics and observers, but students of his work do not pretend to find in him that deep- seated appreciation that complete kinship with the Slav genius as exemplified in the Russian people, which they find in Tolstoi. One does not imagine Tolstoi speaking, as this delightful American cosmopolitan tells us that delightful Russian cosmopolitan did, of the impossibility as yet of perceiving the rela- tion between Slav gifts and Slav weaknesses. The Russian people, as it appears, for instance, in the series of novels to which the Count has affixed the title of " Peace and War" is felt and rendered with an accuracy as unhesitating and definite as (say) that of Thackeray and the England of his day, or of Victor Hugo and the France of the Revolution. Tolstoi is no longer alone in his profound and loving appreciation of his race, and from no responsible contemporary picture of Russia as she is can the sombre, brooding national hate of the Teuton be left out. Indubitably much of the persecution of the Jews in Russia springs from the same cause as that of the Chinese in Australia. The Jews are a race apart, never permanently settling in any place, never mingling with the people from whom they draw their wealth. A mutual suspicion and defiance, well- tempered with a mutual acorn, is the inevitable result, and so deep is the popular feeling against them that no Government dares to properly protect them. The case for the Germans in Russia is not so extreme, but it is a severe one. The Slav isa poor business man ; there is no putting it otherwise and beyond a doubt the present condition of Russian business, which is in the hands of the resident Germans, is due to this inferior trade ability. The unsophisti- cated Muscovite, more or less enslaved by the intellectual Germans who de- sense the land and its inhabitants as equally absurd and barbarous, nourishes an irreconcilable rancour to these now inevitable masters. In every department of the national life the Teuton takes the wall, and the graceless compulsion that gave Todleben his command at Sebastopol, and again brought him out from his disfavour and unpopularity to retrieve the heroic blunders of the Russian chiefs at Plevna, finds its counterpart in the sulky impotence of the Russian financiers, diplomats, merchants, and shopmen. In prehistoric times the Teuton, following on the Celt and followed by the Slav, turned at bay, and the routed race gave tothoglutted human markets its own name as that of Mayor slave. Modern times have changed the form but not the fact, and the Russian nation waits for the hour when it shall wipe the account clean. What then does this manifestly pre-determined effort of the German and Russian rulers, to be or to appear close friends, mean % It means that Romanoff and Hohenzollern have both of them was enough to appreciate the hardness of the German and Russian nuts which are to be cracked. A struggle between these two nations would indeed be simply terrific. Even that of 1892 and the French invasion would pale beside it. Cannot such a collision be averted ? Cannot the Russian pressure be eased off by an expansion to the south or the east? Perchance in such an Armageddon, even so carefully constructed an edifice as Romanoff autocracy or Hohenzollern despotism might go to pieces. Heaven for end Wherefore the old Kaiser lavishes upon the the new Czar the redoubled expressions of the House's friendship, Wherefore the now Kaiser was taught as a young man to speak in that barbaric Slav tongue which not so long ago no Russian writer cared to use. Wherefore Russian soldiers thrill to be addressed by him in that tongue, which now every Slav patriot is proud of, and the appeal is made to the intelligent and far-seeing in both nations to do all that is possible to mitigate the passion of popular prejudice and avert a struggle whose come quences are iucommensu cable. It is characteristic of the spirit with which England is accustomed to regard the action of other Powers with regard to herself that the Times should consider the rejection of the Fisheries Treaty by the American Senate as merely an election incident arising out of the party feeling caused by the Presidential contest. That a course of action which, as Senator Morgan declared, would, if pursued by Great Britain, be regarded by the United States as a challenge to war, should be attributable to any but some such blind and unimportant cause as a temporary outburst of party feeling is to the Branch old Conservative organ quite out of the question. How could any senator in a rational frame of mind be mad enough to offer such an insult to Great Britain 1 Yet it is more than probable that the rejection of this treaty was the result of serious and far from hot-headed deliberation. The old regulations of the Reciprocity Treaty of 1854 were found to be useless. In the first place most of them, were vague, and in the second there was no satisfactory means of enforcing such of them as were not. It was easy for those who were grasping and unscrupulous to overstep their just bounds without the injured parties being able to make out any very definite case against them. The American Senate regard the Canadians as trespassers. The Canadians naturally enough return the compliment. Both believe that they are called on, as President Cleveland says, to prevent their citizens being imposed upon and humiliated by the unfair and overreaching disposition of another nation. It is clear that the drawing up of a treaty, likely to be of any practical use in such a case as this, must be a matter of the very greatest difficulty. It ought only to be intrusted to one who has an intimate knowledge of the practical working of the fisheries. About the only qualification Mr. Chamberlain would seem to possess to justify his being appointed to superintend the drawing up of the treaty in question being a supreme consciousness of the necessity he is under of upholding the dignity of Great Britain, it is hardly to be wondered at that he has not succeeded in settling the matter to the satisfaction of the United States, nor that an intensely hostile feeling towards him should now exist in that country. The ratification of a treaty which, however just and definite in its terms, would be no more capable of being practically carried out than the preceding ones, would, instead of affording any protection to those who are trespassed upon, only give greater opportunities to the " unfair and overreaching" by insuring them against interference. The agreement to such a treaty would places great difficulty in the way of the United States if she had cause to resent the action of the Canadians in the future. It is hardly to be wondered at, therefore, that the American Senate should rather declare for a policy of vigorous retaliation upon Canada than risk such imposition and humiliation. But that the action of the Senate in this matter is such as would be greatly resented by them, were a similar policy pursued by Great Britain, is clearly recognised in the United States. Whether, however, Great Britain will see fit to regard the matter in this light is 'a. question. President Cleve- land expressed his hope that the new policy would be " enforced calmly but firmly," and already measures providing for this have been introduced in the House of Representatives, We suspect that Great Britain will find it more convenient to let matters take their course and not make any active objection to one more stain upon her dignity. But that Canada will submit to this without protest is hardly likely. Like Australia, she has already begun to feel im- patient under the sacrificing of her own interests to the policy of a mother-country which is only too apt to be careless of what more or less nearly concerns her children. We shall probably soon see retaliatory measures proposed on the Canadian side, such as will produce a state of affairs that it will require all the diplomacy of the English Government to set at rest. So much for the obvious facts of the case. There still, however, remains the apparently inexplicable action of the President, so contrary to all the principles he has hitherto professed. He has always been, and probably is now, in favour of a treaty with Canada. There is much to indicate that the more than readiness with which he has adopted a policy hostile to Canada, and the violence of his language with regard to the rejection of the treaty, are intended in the end only to make the States feel that the position they have taken up is untenable. In connection with this, too, it must not be forgotten that the decision of the Senate was far from being carried unanimously. The final issue was contested with much heat, and in the end a majority of only three votes decided the rejection of the treaty. Osb aspect of the present strike epidemic deserving the serious attention of the authorities is the intimidation exercised, and that if left unchecked will be still more determinedly exercised, by the strikers, against the employment of outsiders or non-unionists. It pleases the union men to term these outsiders "blacklegs," simply because they do not choose to injure themselves and families by voluntary idleness and however unreasonable names may be, and however much suffering underlies them, no one has yet thought it worth while to carry into operation as between workmen the law of slander or libel, which with their superiors sometimes exacts a serious penalty. But it should be made distinctly known that when words pass into deeds, when the willing workers are compelled to abandon their occupation, or are seriously injured on account of it, by the dog-in-the-manger policy of those on strike, the law must step in to the protection of the victims and the punishment of the tyrant. We know nothing which so completely demonstrates the un- reason which lies at the bottom of these class movements in the minds of at least a large section of those concerned, as their inability to grant to others the liberty they demand for themselves. They forget that the right which in this free country they claim of refusing to work unless fora higher wage implies also the right of working for the lower that the man who so works may do it as intelligently as the man who strikes, and may with reason think himself as much injured by the strike of others as they think themselves injured by his working. It is disappointing to find that in the whole round of threatened conflict there is no indication that the leaders on the men's side have the smallest notion of allowing to others the freedom of judgment and of action they themselves rejoice in and we should not conceal it from ourselves that the result, whether of physical violence or of submission to lawless tyranny, is alike disgraceful to civilisation. During the past week an actual war, albeit on a small scale, has been going on at Brookong between the union and the non-union shearers. The men who had consented, as they were entitled to do, to work on the masters' terms, had their sleeping huts invaded by night, and their persons forcibly captured and carried as prisoners to the" union camp. Every shearer appearing on the field was treated in the same way, and virtually held a prisoner. Firearms were carried by the union met and it was threatened that they would use them on occasion. The state of matters was rightly described as "intolerable," but the police were utterly unable to cope with it, and reinforcements had to be sent from Goulburn, Sydney, and Albury. Latterly shearing has been proceeded with only under the protection of an armed police, and it seems likely that the unionists will come to their senses so far at least a submission is concerned But it is still worse to find it hinted, in regard to the much more serious strike of the Newcastle coal miners, that here also intimidation and lawless force will be resorted to in order to prevent the running of the pits by new men We have already referred to this as the most intractable difficulty in the way of tiding over the interregnum of the strike-more in tractable even than that of procuring men sufficiently skilled for the work But we have no hesitancy in saying that easy submission to this tyranny would be a greater calamity than violent conflict, and even than the strike itself Nothing could possibly be worse for the country than to let it be proclaimed that law and order must succumb to the mob whenever it is thought convenient to over ride them Sir Henry Parkes has just declared at a public dinner that while the workman has a right to get the best re- ward he can for his labour consistently he has no right to interfere with the rights of anyone else or to infringe the law Will Sir Henry see that this simple axiom of justice is carried out in the course of events at Newcastle 1 We think that in the circumstances such a duty rises to the highest degree of importance If the police are not strong enough to enforce obedience let Sir Henry call out the military, who will be as reasonably occupied in facing a real enemy within the country as in preparing for a mythical enemy without What is an peratively needed is that the men on strike with whatever reason or unreason the) cry out, should be taught from the first that they must not and shall not prevent any other man or number of men who think and choose otherwise from going in and that the masters be given to understand that while they must cope unaided with the economical difficulties of the strike, just as the men do, they may certainly look to the country to protect them, and whatsoever men may choose to work for them, from lawless violence Sir Henry Parkes can do this it once if he pleases and every right thinking man in the colonies will thank him for prompt and decisive action in support of law The Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly will meet this afternoon at the usual hour, when the members of each Chamber will at once proceed to Government House to present the Address in reply to the Governor's Speech. This will probably be all the Council members will do, the swearing in of those of the three new men who are present being the only other item for transaction. In the Assembly, after the formal business, the Premier will move the second reading of the Railways and Tramways Construction and Management Bill, and the debate upon this will probably occupy the remainder of the sitting. A valuable return has been laid before Parliament showing in detail the number of schools in operation in the colony on the 1st July last, with, in each case, the attendance of pupils and the status and emoluments of the teachers employed. This return is supplementary to that already issued by the Department of Public Instruc- tion. It shows that there are 314 State schools in the colony, besides 265 provisional schools, and the schools at Lytton Stockade and St. Helena. Four drawing instructors are pro- vided at Brisbane, Ipswich, Rockhampton, and Maryborough, and a gymnastic instructor at Brisbane. A caretaker is attached, or a cleaning allowance is paid, to sixty-two schools. of The Premier, Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, returned to Brisbane yesterday by special train from North Pine, arriving at noon. A deputation, introduced by Mr. J. F. Buckland, M.L.A., waited on the Postmaster General yesterday to ask that a post and telegraph office might be erected at Coorparoo. The Postmaster-General said he could not see his way to accede to their request, but promised to extend the letter carrier delivery to Unit district, and probably grant them a second daily mail. Tenders have been invited for the construction of the second and third sections of the North Coast Railway, commencing at Caboolture and ending at Yandina. The fifth section from Cooran to Gympie is expected to be completed before Christmas, and two officers, two assistants, and thirteen men are at present engaged in the survey of the fourth section, from Yandina to Cooran. The Minister for Railways (the Hon. H. M. Nelson) has been in communication with the local Government boards with reference to the making of a suitable road for motor traffic between Martin's and Yandina, and has promised to assist them in the construction of such a road, his object being to make the journey between Brisbane and Gympie easy of accomplishment in one day. The following lands will be thrown open for selection on the 1st October a Brisbane land agent's district : A block of unsurveyed land of 18 square miles for agricultural farms on the Blackall Range, parish of Maleny; maximum area, 640 acres. Gympie district: About 5 square miles in the parish of Traveston ; maximum area, 1280 acres. Bundaberg district : Parish of Childers, on the Isis River, six agricultural farms ranging in area from "5 to 160 acres ; parish of Brooyar, two agricultural farms of 274 acres and 360 acres respectively. Springsure district : Two agricultural farms in the parish of St. Peter, one of 100 acres, and the other 1220 acres. Aramac district: One grazing farm on the resumed part of Rodney Downs run, 14,000. Gayndah district : Three grazing farms on the resumed part of Lochaber run, 5200 acres, 0300 acres, and 10,000 acres respectively. Tenningering district: On the resumed parts of New Canindah, Yorol, and Mungy runs, fifteen grazing farms, ranging in area from 5700 acres to 8000 acres. Townsville district : One grazing farm of 1400 acres, in the parish of Halifax. Aramac, district : Four surveyed grazing farms on the resumed parts of Beaconsfield and Rodney Downs run?, three of them being 20,000 acres each and the other 16,700 acres. Besides the above there are forfeited farms in the Brisbane, Beenleigh, Herberton, and Ipswich districts. A meeting of the Melbourne International Exhibition Committee was held in the old Immigration Depot, William-street, yesterday afternoon. There were present Messrs. G. Grimes (in the chair), P. R. Gordon, C. W. De Vis, M.A., and J. Little. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Accounts to the amount of £332 Is. were passed for payment. With reference to a letter from the secretary of the Brisbane Stock Exchange, requesting the commission to forward daily the quotations to the Exhibition, it was decided to write to the commissioners in Melbourne, asking them if it was their wish to have the information, some of the uiemKr» considering the request outside of their jurisdiction A communication was read from the Colonial Secretary, notifying the appointment of Mr. S. Iveson as an honorary commissioner to the Exhibition. A letter was read from the Mines Department, forwarding a report on the mineral wealth of Queensland, audrequeiftiri!: that the same be printed in pamphlet form and 600 copies sent to that department. Senna discussion arose as to who would pay for the cost of printing, and eventually it was decided that the chairman should wait on the Chief Secretary regarding the matter. Mr. Fenwick wired to the effect that the conservatory was not more than half full of plants, and asking for a further shipment. The matter was left in the hands of Mr. P. R. Gordon and Mr. J. P. Richard, the acting secretary. A letter was received. from the Herberton committee complaining of the state in which the exhibits from that place had arrived in Melbourne, and of the cases being opened in Brisbane. It was explained that it was found necessary to open the packages in order to enter their contents in the catalogue ; Mr. De Vis, with the acting secretary, was requested to reply to the communication. Mr. Luck reported that 750ft. additional space had been obtained, and numerous exhibits transferred, but the court was still in- conveniently crowded. Speaking of the arrival of exhibits, Mr. Luck stated that the commissioners had had some difficulty in finding cases sent direct by exhibitors without any special branding, three or four of which had not arrived. This concluded the business, and the commissioners adjourned. A conference of the Joint Bridge and Ferries Committee was held in the Town Hall yesterday morning. All the members were present, and it is understood that the aldermen from the South side asked whether the North Brisbane Council would be prepared to adopt. Mr. Daniels's suggestion for repairing the bridge until the question of duplication was settled. The mayor of North Brisbane is stated to have replied that his council was determined to proceed with the work according to the specifications prepared and further, that if they adopted the suggestion of Mr. Daniells they would not be carrying out the order of the Colonial Secretary. A good deal of discussion is said to have occurred, it being eventually agreed to recommend the two councils to accept the lowest tender, that of Mr. John Watson, amounting to £4431 7s., the work to be completed in three months. The tenders received ranged as high as £6260. In the Criminal Court yesterday during the swearing of the jury in the case against the men who broke into Warry's store it was found that a juryman named Wm. Lupton had answered to the name of John White and had been sworn in under it. How the accident happened could not be explained, Lupton asserting that he had heard his name called, and the records of the court showing that the name called was John White. It was not until the ninth name was being called that Lupton's name was drawn, and he answered from the jury-box. His Honour discharged the jury, and ordered another to be in panelled. The evidence in the civil net on, Holmes v Enedy, was concluded in the Supreme Court yesterday shortly before the luncheon adj orna- ment, and the jury retired to consider their verdict They remained locked up until 7 30 p.m., when, as they were still unable to agree, and had been w the jury-room during the six hours prescribed by the statute, they were discharged His Honour stated that he would be unable to rehear the case during the present session, as he had fixed the 17th September for the hearing of on election petition There were shot six cases on the list, and, in addition, there was a divorce suit, which was not included in the paper, awaiting trial before him as Judge Ordinary in the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the court Holmes v Reedy was therefore made a remanet trouble at the sittings, which will open on the nth of November, and probably be taken by Mr Justice Harding yesterday afternoon, the case of J D Moller v J Currie, in which plaintiff claims £1000 damages for injuries stated to have been inflicted by defendant, and defendant counter- claimed £400 for an assault, was commenced, and now stands part heard A juryman named William Johnson was fined two guineas at the Criminal Court yesterday morning by his Honour Mr Justice Harding, for being absent when his name was called The fine was subsequently remitted upon Johnson explaining that he had, by mistake, gone into the Civil Court, which was sitting at the time, and that he had not had any intention of evading his duties as a juryman A juryman named Wm Chapman, who did not appear when his name was called in the case of James Allan, was also fined £2 2s The finding and decision of the Marine Board of Queens and with regard to the late collision in the Brisbane River, off the Tipio sires Magazine, between the paddle steamer Kate and the schooner Undine, which resulted in the latter vessel being cut down below the water line, is not considered satisfactory by the owners of the Undine, Messrs Charles 6 and E F Millar, railway contractors, of Melbourne At their instance a writ was, on the 22nd instant, issued from the Vice-Admiralty Court against the steamer Kate, claiming £2000 for damages resulting from the collision A warrant for the arrest of the ship was issued on the same date, and the late is now under arrest in I! of Brisbane River in charge of the Marshall of the Vice-Admiralty Court An order was afterwards made by his Honour the Chief Jus tice for the evidence of the plaintiff's witnesses to be taken on commission This was done on Saturday on board the Undine before the Registrar of the Supreme Court in the presence of the legal advisers of both parties concerned. The date of the trial has not yet been fixed An Appeal Court for the Toombul Division was held at the City Police Court yesterday morning before Lieutenant-colonel J H Adams and Mr J. W. Ayscough, JJ P There were nineteen appeals, but the valuations of the board were confirmed in all the cases except one, and that was withdrawn. Twenty-one appeals from property-owners in the Booroodabin Division were also heard, and the valuations were all confirmed, with the exception of that of W. M Mayne's property, which was reduced from £900 to £600, and that of A Davidson, which was reduced from £20 to £15 Mr. Bruce appeared for both beards Shortly after the steamer Quiraing had cleared Sydney Heads on Saturday last a seaman who was at work tightening one of the awnings fell overboard in consequence of a ">po giving way. The vessel was going at full speed at the time, but the engines were at face slowed down, and before the vessel's way could be stopped one of the boats in charge of the second mate had been dropped into the crater and was on her way back to the man, who was some distance astern. He was picked up, and within ten minutes from the time he fall into the water the rescue boat was again on the davits, and he stepped on board the steamer but little the worse for the accident. At dinner the same evening Mr. Churton, on behalf of himself and fellow passengers, presented to Captain Leggett an address, stating "e facts and congratulating him upon the seamanship displayed. This was signed by Larly eight passengers, and it is intended by them to have the address engrossed and framed. It is proof of the efficiency both of the crew and of the boat-lowering apparatus used that within thirty seconds of the accident the boat had left the ship's side. In connection with the cab accident in George-street on Saturday night, reported in yesterday's issue, William Murphy, who .' years of age, appeared at the Police Court yesterday morning before Mr. P. Pinnock, police- magistrate, and a full bench of magistrates, charged with being drunk while in charge of a horse and cab, and with furious driving Towns Police Act). After Constable Concannon had deposed to the arrest, on the application of Sub - inspector Durham, the sk dantas remanded till Wednesday next, S£J5F?r,lh* man who T interest, was MSS to be still in a dangerous state. At JITSU "M so far recovered yesterday as to UdMcharged from the hospital! tera*yMW Mr. Saville-Kent, P.L.S., naturalist and fisheries expert, leaves this (Tuesday) morning, per s.s. Tsinan, for Port Darwin, to join H.M.S. Myrmidon. In response to his expressed wish, the requisite facilities have been granted to Mr. Saville-Kent for seeing as much of the oyster fisheries of Moreton Bay as could be accomplished in the brief time available. The Government steamer Miner was placed at his disposal by the Premier, and (accompanied by Sir Arthur Palmer, Mr. Yeo, the secretary and manager of the Moreton Bay Oyster Company, and other experts he visited some of the most prolific fisheries in the neighbourhoods of Southport, Donnybrook, and Ninjrhi Creek. Mr. Kent has expressed himself as being very favourably impressed with the condition, prospects, and method of treatment of the oyster grounds inspected, but at the same time he considers a much more extensive area of Moreton Bay might be brought under cultivation, and a much larger yield of marketable oysters obtained through the adoption of the several forms of frames and spat collectors successfully introduced by him in the Government oyster reserves of Tasmania and Victoria. Mr. Saville-Kent hopes to return and make a more exhaustive investiga- tion of the Queensland fisheries after the fulfilment of his north coast explorations. The hon. treasurer informs us that the net proceeds of the ball given by the ladies of Indooroopilly in aid of the building fund of the Anglican Church in that district amounted to 2149 9s. The Central Council of the Queensland Liberal Registration Society held a meeting last night for the purpose of electing an executive council. The following officers were elected :-rrosident, Sir S. W. Griffith ; vice presidents, Hon. C. B. Dutton, K. J. Sayers, MLA., Charters Towers; treasurer, Mr. John Kennedy; members, Messrs. Groom, M.L.A., E. Bulcock, K. Edwards, J. T. Briggs, S. W. Brooks, J. G. Drake, and T. Glassey. There was considerable excitement in Melbourne-street, South Brisbane, between 11 and 12 o'clock on Saturday night, when a party of kanakas and other coloured people, to the number of over twenty, who lodge at a boarding-house kept by a kanaka in Melbourne street, South Brisbane, created a great uproar in front of the premises, by throwing stones and bottles in an apparently indiscriminate manner along the street, to the danger of passers-by. One of these missiles struck on the head a young woman named Jane Evans, who was proceeding home in company with two other persons ; she fell insensible into the watertable. On being removed to her home and attended by a medical man, it was found that she was suffering from a fracture of of the skull. On the following day, Senior-sergeant Burke, accompanied by one of the crowd who had witnessed the disturbance, went to the boarding-house, where a kanaka named Sam Wibbitt was identified as the man who had thrown the stone which had inflicted the wound. He was removed to the lockup, and yesterday was charged with the offence at the South Bnnbimu Police Court and remanded till this morning. The ceremony of laying the foundation block of St. Thomas's Church, North Pine, was performed on Saturday in the presence of a large number of people. A special train conveying fifteen of the clergy and a good number of visitors left Brisbane at about 2 o'clock, arriving] (bore at 3 o'clock. The service was commenced half an hour later, and was conducted by the Rev. B.R. Wilson. After the prescribed service had been performed Lady Musgrave, with the following words, pronounced the foundation of the church duly laid: To the glory of God, and in memory of the blessed Apostle, St. Thomas, we lay this foundation stone. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Archdeacon Dawes then delivered an address to the people, expressive of thankfulness for the start made in the erection of the church, which would, he said, to the spiritual home of the parish. He also made kindly reference to Lady Mulgrave, who, he said, took a leading part in every good work. The offer- tory was then gathered and amounted to £27. The Rev. B. R. Wilson also addressed the assemblage, and during his remarks thanked those persons who had given the land on which to build the church and all who had taken a great interest in the work. The singing was conducted by members of St. John's and St. Andrew's choirs, under the leadership of Mr. Seymour Dicker, organist and choirmaster of the pro-cathedral. The visitors were then entertained at tea, and returned to Brisbane at 6 o'clock. 