THE WEAKER VESSEL. A NOVEL. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. Author of "Joseph's Coat,' "Rainbow Gold," " Aunt Rachel, &c.; Chapter XLL A royal master of fiction laid it down as an avium that when everybody can tell how a stoiy will i nd, the story is eudod. Here, for the round. ng of this history, there remain but two or three tl.iigs to toll. Mary and I returned to town together that same day, and Clara nursed her with great assiduity, for now that the strain was over she proved quite overwrought. She was soon herself again, however, and we fell into our own ways of life at home, with some few differences. Role had never once crossed my threshold sinco my marriage, and his reason for absence had been understood all uloug. He camo for tho first time about six weeks nfter Lady AVorborough's funeral. He was serious at fust, but ho had always been a man to whom affectation of any sort was intolerable and hate ful, and when in the course of our talk we hap pened to strike a comic fancy, lie had ono of liis old bright and charming smiles in readiness for it. His troubles had aged him, and, young as he was, there was a touch of grey about liis hair. The attitude of his mind had grown habitually serious, but he was not at all the man to cling to n departing shadow. I don t know," he said, "whether I have noted properly in coming hero so soon. I have been guided by you so often, that if you will allow me I will take your advice once more. Mary is still staying witli you';" 'Still," I answered, "and will stay until the only person who has n right to take her away shall come to do it. I have been looking for you for days past." " That sounds," lie said, "like approval." " It ought to sound," I answered him, " like complete approval. The fnct is that if you liked to think so, your position for u time might be embarrassing and delicate. If you do not choose to trouble yourself at all nbout it, it may grow natural in a day." . Clara, who was of course nwnrc of his pre sence in the house, came in at t his juncture to welcome hiui. She staycd lmt for a moment or two, and on rotiriug— "Tea will be ready in five minutes. Youwill come up and join its;, John, and briug Lord AVorborougli with yoii." This indicated clearly enough another opinion 011 our side, and wo followed Clara upstairs, l'ole glanced about tho room, but Mary was not there. _ He. looked disappointed, and even a little nervous, but almost immediately she entered. They shook hauds, nnd we all sat down together, Clara talking at first with a rather forced vivacity.; She soon conquered this, however, and the ice once being broken, we got 011 without further trouble. When we had taken tea, Clara moved into the adjoining room and sat down to the piano. I also sauntered through tho folding doors nnd stood to listen to her playing. It was by no means as firm as usual, nnd I was not long in discover ing that she was crying softly to herself. But I knew that her tears were very fur from being unhappy, and feigned to take no notice. In about an hour Polo said his good-byes and went away. He came again, and continued to come not half as often as I should have been glad to sec him, or I suppose a twentieth part as often as he would really have cared to call, I remember that whilst these visits were going on, nnd whilst indeed they were compa ratively new, Clara and Mary and I dined together with that genial old Dr. Fish, of whom I have once or twice found it necessary to make mention in the course of my story- I met at his table the lady of the poor dear Hottentots. It appeared that tlicy had changed their allegiance, and the poor dear Cypriotes were now in charge, after a fashion ns mysterious ns that of their predecessors. She hinted to me after dinner that Lord AVorborougli's visits were just n little — now didn't I think so? "Were they quite ?— Didn't I fancy, now, that they were rather promaturc ? Did I think that they wero absolutely and entirely? — well, she might say dclicato? " Doar madam," I responded, "Lord AA'or- borough and Miss Dclnmerc suffered horribly as the result of a wicked aud shameful plot. Tliey behaved throughout like persons of delicacy nnd honor, and they arc acting now like people of common sonsc. It was I who took upon myself to advise Lord "Worborough, anil liis visits to my house are at my invitation," Whether tho general Mrs. Grundy had more to say upon the question I never learned, and certainly novor took tlic trouble to inquire. This particular lady was more abashed thnn I had meant her to be. She abdicated from her proprietorship of tho poor dear Cypriotes for the rest of that evening, nnd went away early, with offusivo " my dealings" anil handshaking for Miss Delainere. When we had quite settled down to the now order of things, and when that sorrow ful past had at last sunk from tho surface of our lives, we made a very happy quartet. From my dignified height of married man, I looked upon the two dearest friends I had in the world with a profound satisfaction and thanksgiving. Clara, from her extra elevation of dignity as married woman, surveyed them with n pleasure as genuine as my own. The ghastly dead past must have floated up some times in their remembrance, ns it did in ours, hut the great equal stream of time went on and drowned it deeper, hour by hour aud day by day. The haunted man, in his bargaiu with the ghost, lost all his memories of sorrow with tlic natural result wo know of. It would be ns sad to lose our memories of trouble ns to lose our memories of joy. But we may all thank God that joy grows brighter in the retrospection, and tliat sorrow fades. It was about this time that I received an unexpected visit in my official room. Mr. Delamere turned up there, as distinguished, as well bred, as condescending, aud urbane as over. " My dear Denliam," lie said, " I have called unon you with regard to An affair of the utmost delieaoy. I have never been able to refrain from n certain feeling of contempt for those people who make a lavish display of the emotions. I have, in fact, now in preparation for the press, a lecture delivered some years ago on the Control of the Emotions ns a Sign of the Perfected Man." I thought within myself that the control of the emotions was no doubt an admirable thing, but that tho nspeot of power in that direction might bo less estimable where there were no emotions to control. But I held my tongue, and Mr. Delnmore streamed on, calm, urbane, forgiving. "I have never, lie pursued, closed my eyes to tho fnct that your charming wife and yourself have of late considerably influenced tho career, tho character, and the resolutions of my child. I do not inquire whether licr resolutions to divide her life from mine were, or were not, arrived at as a result of that undoubted influence, f even ap- „ln ,,,1 flint fineness of sentiment, that high sense of honor in my daughter, which led her to sacri fice tho instincts and the cherished associations of a lifetime. I presume that the instincts were inherited, nnd I cannot and I do not blame Mary for acting upon a sentiment which I linve found only too considerably active in my own career. She has nn erroneous conception of tlic circum stances of the case. But I authorise you to in form her — I should rather say, perhaps, tlint I beg you to inform her, that I applaud lier feel ing, but tliat I consider tliatslie lias by this timo more than sufficiently justified her own position. I como to you becnuso I cannot again endure to be encountered with coldness by my dnugliter. I appeal to you ns a man of honor to present my case as I have stated it. It is possible," lie added, with a touch of dignified pathos which would have imposed upon me completely in tho early days of my acquaintance with him, " it is possible tliat my very whereabouts may be un known to her. You will find it indicated here." With til is he produced a card, and laid it deli-' cately upon the table, like an artist and a gentle men — he really had thcmostperfcctandfinislied manner I have ever known — and rose to go. I promised that I would do my best, and told liiin i was certain tliat Mary would bo the happier for the reconciliation. He thanked me nnd went away. 1 cook tho message homo tliat evening, and to bo brief, Mary consented very willingly to call upon hiin, and next morning paid him a visit. As a result of this I wrote to him saving that she would continue her residence with Clara for some little time to come, and asking him to visit her mid us us often as he pleased. I expressed my joy at the reconciliation, and made myself a great deal more agreeable on paper than I felt internally towards linn. Sebastian had been upon our household list almost from the beginning, and it was like old times to hear him and Delamere, when they met together, orating one at another with all their solemnity. Sebastian had turned to architecture, and had a theory that the refor mation of the world from the great doctrine of ugliness was more easily to be effected in that direction than any other. " The very streets of London strangle and suffocate the wayfarer," ho would say. " The dull, eternal, unbroken, straight line wearies the soul with its infinite monotony of repetition. The poisonous fallacy of utility has been the death of beauty." " I suspect that lio wrote these tilings down and committed them to memory, unless when they came freshly from the internal pump spout and he re-poured, them. "I speak of the fallacy of utility, and I pro- test that I nnu no exaggeration ill tlic phrase. The first essential in a thing is that it shall not bo hideous. The second essential in given cases is that it shall he useful. Because you can pack more squares or oblongs than circles or ovals into a given space we sit in these soul- freezing rooms of ours, among flat walls and ceilings." ' , Pole was there, and asked him if he wouldn't keep the floors . level, if only as a concession. Not to speak it unkindly, Sebastian had grown more tolerant of Pole's form of liumor since the latter had come in for a great fortune and a peerage. , I daresay that was true of many people, nnd I am not disposed to be severe on Jones. He smiled nllowingly, and proceeded with tlio development of liis theory. " It is very heartbreaking," lie said at last, " but nobody appears to care much, I dined last night with a contractor. One meets such people now and then. He jeered at my conten tion in a way which I felt to be quite tasteless and almost personally injurious. He positively told me that I need only exceed my average allowance of wine at dinner, mid ' top up' — that was the contractor's expression — with a dose of Old Torn and iiot water in order to see the lines of any street arranged in ns varied a pattern as I could desire. Of course that closed the con versation. One can't talk with stioh people. They veil themselves in their own coarse con tempt against the light of thoughts beyond their understanding." But Sebastian was evcii more, enjoyable on one occasion when only Pole and I were present. It appeared that Delamere and lie had clubbed together, and had resolved, for the sake of society, to dine in common when not otherwise engaged. "And do you know," said Jones, "I begin to suspect Delamere of being a trifle selfish in an almost unbelievable direction. AVc have dined together, I should suppose, since this compact was entered upon, not fewer than a score of times. Now it happens that the man who caters for us at the Albany, though otherwise excellent, is possessed of but little resource or variety with respect to dessert. Ho has always served up a mere half dozen of a kind of macaroon of which I am —one confesses to this kind of trifle with no shame — particularly fond. I appropriated them, of course, with Delnmero's express con sent, on the first evening. They became, so to speak, my property, and I looked forward to them naturally as the close of my repast. Now, last night, and positively also tho night before, Delamere deliberately, and with obvious inten tion, appropriated them all." Pole said that this was simply brutal, and Sebastian thought the term too strong. Really, lie thought it unwarrantably strong. Pole was sorry, but regretted that he could not modify it, and Sebastian expressed his regret at having told the story. He vnlued Delamere, and had no wish to give his fricndB a poor opinion of him. For his own part, he was con tented to describe the net as an unexpected idiosyncrasy. I delighted in all this, not merely because it was so oharming in itself, but because it showed that Pole still had a laugh left in him, nnd be cause he had had n more relishing perception by nature of the fun than I had. Nothing was said of the one event which we all regarded as inevitable. Clara was full of wonder 03 to when the news was coming. It came out at length that Pole and Mary had de cided bctwoen themselves to wait a year, and that they had resolved upon a very- quiet wodding. To mo, tho time seemed to pass swiftly, and I look back to it now, or at least to all but tiic earliest months of it, as the happiest of my life. Thore are few men who can boast of nino months so free from care, so tranquilly, uneventfully hopeful and oontent. To soo tho patient look of settled resignation fade from Mary'B faoo, and to see tho dawn of pftsltlvt happiness in it, was in itself a joy whioh any mail might envy. To see the same change in Pole, to watch the quiet hearty liumor of tho man growing more supple and more at homo again within him day by day, was another and an equal pleasure. I thought Pole the best fellow in the world. Almost everybody has that opinion nbout somebody, bat I am prcparod to tlii3 hour to back my man, and if anybody should prove so fortunate as to win against me I shall never know it, and the winner will have n friend who is indeed worthy tf his best affection. I am getting very near the end now, lind have little more to tell. But whon I sat, revolving this old liistoiy in my mind n year ago, and determining to write it, I fixed upon n titlo for tho story, as if it lind been a novel. I decided to call it "The "Weaker Vessel;" and tliat, if ever it should see tho light of publicity, is the name it ought to bear. The episode, the remembrance of whioh decided mo upon tliat title, has stiu to be told. J. tie title itself has passed into a sort of byword between my wife and me, and we have grown familiar with tho name. It was only a week before the wedding when Clara the younger linil been conducted, on a chill hut sunshiny day, upon a walk by her nurse. This same Clara tho younger has filled but a little place in these pages, though slic was known to all hands aboard the family craft as commandercss in chief. "We wore nil standing at the drawing-room windows nt homo, chatting and looking out on the fine bright weather— OInra, Mary, Pole, myself, and Delamere. Clara, Dela mere and myself wore at one window, Polo and Mnry nt tlic other. The littlo Clara was suddenly discerned in the street, toddling for ward with outstretolicd hands and somewhnt uncertain footsteps, treating the ridges of frozen mini as if they were half lier own height. She hail evidently escaped for tho moment from her nurse, who was scudding forward in a stooping posture, cither to pick her up or to sustain lior footsteps, when n wildly "driven hansom camo tearing round the corner, and dashed in between them. Tho child was absolutely touched by the wheel, and _ thrown forward. Tho nurse girl, recoiling with a shriek, tripped and sat down upon tho roadway. By a happy wonder, neither child nornursercceivedahmt worth mentioning, but for tho moment my heart was in my mouth, and by the timo that l'olo and I lind torn down stairs together, got tlio hall door open, and dis covered tlic pair to bo undamaged, I was sick and faint. I carried tlic little creature, who was not all alarmed by licr tumble, into tho (Irawingroom, and there was Mary in an arm chair in a state of perfect collapse. She had fainted clean away. Tiiero was n mighty hubbub for a mo ment, hut we all calmed down, and in half an hour's time Maty herself, with a rather white face and tremulous manner, apologised for her weakness. She had imagined that both the girl and the child had had been run over. Delamere was very gorgeous to behold and listen tons lie expatiated upon this incident, and turning to Pole, with his courtly aud condescend ing grace, he said, ion must have pity on the weaker vessel." An Hour later when Mary had quite recovered and Pole nnd I were alone together, lie delivered his mind of the thoughts which this utterance awoke in him. " Jack, you heard Delamere speak just now about tlic weaker vessel." I remarked that I liad noticed the phrase, and that I had some fancies about it. "It set me thinking," said Pole. "The weaker vessel ! In nil tilings worth while to be strong iu, much tlic stronger vessel, to my mind. How dares that hollow sham to condescend to a creature so infinitely his superior? Did she stoop to touch money dishonorably borrowed? And what did I do V Is it any vanity to say to you who know her as well almost as I do that she loves me ? Is it vanity to suppose that she felt tlic separation as bitterly as 1 did ? I know she did, Jack. I know the shame of being public talk in such a business made that sensitive heart bleed many and many a time. And whilst I was away in Paris, gambling and racketing, and hating my kind, aud eating the liusks the swine do eat, she was tending her sick and lier poor, and strengthening her soul with Holy thought and pious living. Jack, my lad, they're better than we are. They're purer and stronger, and more patient to enduro." He was not talkative for a long time after this outburst, but several times in the course of the afternoon I heard him muttering to him self, "The "Weaker Vessel !" in a tone of wrathful incredulity. In the old tales the liero and the heroine always married and lived happily ever after- wards, and this strange episode in my own career shall end as so many other stories have ended — to the sound of wedding bells. Their happy i iot has long since sunk into silence; but I know that so far peace and honored usefulness and deep coutcnt follow their music. The wedding was a very quiet affair indeed, as it was long since arranged it should be. There were not more than half dozen people present at it as spectators. Delamere gave away the bride, and Sebastian was there in his character of friend of the family. Sebastian, by the way, brought the only strango lady present. He had. so far relented from liis theory of beauty and utility us to sacrifice himself at the shrine of a con- spiciously plain and outrageously dollarod young woman who came from Oleovilie, Pa. Sho was related to the Dodges there, and, as everybody knows, the Dodges are financially big fish even among the biggest. I was particularly pleased to get a visit from M'llray on the very morning of the wedding, as i was in tlio act or dressing for the ceremony. I saw him in my dressing room for an instant, and he was pleasantly excited by the news I had to give him. "Ah'm glail," said Mcllray, "that the good lad is going to he happy. I'll toll ye ! If I may be permitted, I'll just get away to the church, and have a look at tlic ceremony from the gallery." Ho made his way thither, and when the wed ding was over and the handshakings and con gratulations were nil over likewise, and the wedded pair had driven away, I found him waiting at the church door for me. There was no wedding breakfast, for Polo had too active a horror of the possibilities of Delamerc's elo quence on such an occasion to endure more than the bare prospect of it. I know this to have been the working factor in his mind, nnd in all seriousness I am not disposed to be surprised at his decision. I should have been glad to meet M'llray at auy time, for I liad learned to have a genuine regard for liiin. But with Polo and Mary gono I felt lonely and a little disiurited, nnd ho came doubly welcome. IVe sat aud talked about tho chase in Paris, and I told him something of what had happened since. Then the conversa tion languished for a time, until liis old uncon scious watch-cry broke the silence. It soundod to me, in an odcl way, as if there were a philo sophy in it, as if it oven reconciled discrepancies anil expressed a sort of wisdom of generality in little. "Ay, ay, Denhnm," said M'llray. " Ay, ay, lad ! Ay, ay ! " the end. 