i, . . ' ", AMÜSEMENTS..?. | "HAMLET" AT THE CRITERION THEATRE. lt is perhaps natural that aa actor should desire to choos for his benefit perfonnanco the most beautiful and tb most loved of Shakespeare's plays. It is somewhat th practice, however,' on tho stage,1 to take'benefits in i character that has been mado a 'success, and which is mor or i less associated with' tho best achievements of thi i actor, lt is then upon a well-worn and affectionate grounc that tho actor and .people meet. Thero. is no ouriosity, m doubt; rio hesitation iu interest or projection of pre-con ceiyed notions as to tho character to' bo essayed. Thi »popio say,'" This is an old familiar friend to whom we an saying farowoll, to . whrinv wo aro paying homage.'1 They hnvo -regard not only i for tlio actor, but for th character whom' ho has or ought to have made doa to them. The, Sydnoy public, of whom so many, are friend ,of Mr. W. J. Holloway and Miss Essie JcnynB, have neve known them in the characters of Hamlet and Ophelia. Il is scarcoly probable, then, that they would approach las night's ' performance with" .feelings ' of confident companionship, howover much thoy would regare the presentation- with hopeful expectations anc generous wishes for its success. ; : Every actor ?? feeli that he has novor lived his stage'dif o. until - he has played Hamlet, and as ono of tho most, noted representatives ol tho'dramatic profession has said, no actor'of any quality fails entirely in tho character.' Tho play is to thi student arid actor a common ground of sacred liking. Tc come into tho atmosphere pf this sad and awful tragedy ú to feel about ono tho mysteries'of existence," the pathetic fever of-'living,1 the thousand sorrowful forces that crowd down upon tbn lifo of the boating world of man. There is the shadow of crime, tho presence of tho supernatural, thc retributivo justice long in coming, and the all too natural but pitiful end that comes to the brave spirit 'of avenging honour that tights its way through a space of irremediable sorrow for a dear father "on whose lifo a damned defeat was mado." It is the'. atmosphère of Handel I that should impress us-a weird, dim, atmosphere, through which Hamid's madness plays in lightning (lashes ; an atmosphere as lender and OB hopeless as it is surcharged with fatal results. Hamlet, as ho is in Shakespeare, is. a brilliant, suffering,. ? intellectual . being, alter- nating between tho statuesqueness of intellectual repost and the burning excitement ot a nature that had in it more emotion and impulso toward action than action itself-more pity than-hato, moro sorrow than real auger. To play Hamlet means to run tho whola gamut of human emotions, and to be acted on by tho changeful theme as is a harp' by the wind.' Of serenity, thero is nothing in the play. From the first, restlessness and corrosivo grief aro upon ail, and the only end to' it ull can bo death. And yet there is all through a gentle, touching patience thut makes noble the misery and lofty thc person of the melancholy: Prince. An actor, to show tho meaning and beauty of Hamlet as it is in thc text, must bo great indeed. None over meets quito the student's ideal, but some approximate. The things, though, that any actor must have to achieve success at all is fineness of emotional nature, clearness of intellectual conception, fine and simple genuineness of sympathy. There must be on illumi- nating power-about him-that thing that belongs to phy- sical expressiveness as much as to mental éloquence. There must bo power to show, tho greatness of j human nature, and tho littleness of it too,~ as it confronts'the dark probloni of existence. It is then a question which one almost hesitates to ask, whether the very largo and genuinely friendly audience that looked out-last night on tho'scones at Elsinore found a Hamlet that- would live somewhat tho ideal .which old playgoers have seen here and thero tenderly outlined by tho actors of tho world. ' , It would- : bo -, pleasant to say that Mr. Hollo- way's Hamlet , was a fino study, a satisfying, genuine, scholarly, representation ; .but justice' for- bids' that. Honest it was, -conscientious as far os it went, but the actor only gave «s a tentative 'imperson- ation, not a iinal, vital, and absorbing reality. Now here, now there, was à gliulpso of the doomed prince, but there was not the Hamlet that moved through a maze of sorrow- ful surprises, of ' fighting passions,, and of self roproach. There was so innato grandeur in it, no sublimity of pathos.- Tho scene with tho ghost was good in parts, most effectivo, indeed, in its subdued parts, and in its expressive pantomime. In the closet scene, too,' there wero gonuind bits of uno vigour, but the tendoncy to declamation, arid to express action rather than introspection, constantly showed itself. In such speeches as that which begins, " O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I," Mr. Holloway was moro effective. It was in tho flashes of mad- ness, protended or otherwise, which Hamlet shows, in which the distinguishing lack of Hamlet's intellectuality was wanting. Such-sentences, as, "We shall obey you werp 6ho ten times pur mother," were not written to create à laugh. Indeed, it iain this and other such speeches that one sees a pathos that forbids laughter. They aro tho feverish efforts of an oppressed naturo to throw off its load of sorrow by speeches fantastical. This tendency . is constantly observed from the time that Hamlot, after he has seen his father's spirit, says, " Look von, there is rio'cr a villain dwelling in nil Denmark but bo's an' arrant knave." It stays with him till ho returns from England. Then thero is a change. The graveyard is but a placo where with gentle irony he touches human existence. Then is seen from now to tho end a Hamlet > something ' changed. He speaks of the "Divinity that shapes our. ends, rough hew them, how wo will," «nd tho " Special providence in' the fall of a sparrow." Nothing is more sane and more composed than thc final scene; Hamlet desires reconciliation .with Laertes in gentle words. He has felt tho impending crisis. He ' felt it when he said' to Horatio, "But thou' wouldst, not think how ill all's hore about my heart." All this Mr.. Holloway: did not show us. Ho did, howover, give us a Hamlet which ' had' tho merit of being consistent and faithful' according to tho actor's idea. If it did riot fulfil the highest conception pf the character, it had the basis at any rate pf futuro achievement; but it must bo Said,and no better' timo to say' it than now, that Hamlet is not likely to rank with his Shylock, ¡Malvolio; or Benedict. Miss Essio Jenyns as Ophelia was, as she always is, graceful, attractive', ' intelligent, ' tastefnllv attiredj' nnd appreciative. Thero was much in her interpretation of the part which was now and perhaps a little startling, to. thoso who are inclined to bo conventional or who ard satisfied with old conceptions. Ophelia is not a heroine,1 and'. Sho cannot' bo made ono. < She is a gentle, none too strong- a girl,- who nowhere betrays anything .but apparent native goodness and simplicity. She wanders through tho play in tender fashion.' Sho is not stately, she is not forceful ; sho is enduring, weak, and .altogether; fair. Wo fear ? that. Miss Jenyns has misconceived the character somewhat. There is not warranty for tho great melancholy exhibited ' by her in the first Scene. Laortés* going' could scarco achieve so much woo : in a sister, nnd' ns. yet tho separation had not como, between her ond Hamlet. Grief at her fathers command' thero might bo, but not excessive grief. Tho mad scene must bo considered as overdone. . Shakespeare'? Ophelia hus lost hor reason, and thero romains but a plaintWo, simple, wandering body and- mind. ; Tho little heart- breaking- speeches and' snatches of song should only . bo heart-breaking to tho audience, not to Ophelia. She knows not what sho says,. hers is but a twilight of sorrow, upon which the night will- Boon fall.' Tho sceno-is not intended or adapted ? for; tho. accentuation^ of emotion, and the now readings that Miss Jouyns has given'us will,' wo fear, hardly boar scrutiny. ' Sho has so endeared: hersolf to her admiring and loyaTpublic, that they will ;Und many, gracos in her Ophelia: but her interpreta- tion needs toning, and Careful comparison with tho under- standing of tho text. Miss Docrwyn'? did her office as' Queen fairly; . ..... Horatio,'the. brave, honest, loyal friend of Hamlet, the ono .staunch restful figure in tho story, was quietly and simply acted by Mr. Alfred' Rolfe. Mr. Norman plavod tho' King with forco-though, perhaps,-a good | deal- of wasted .power, in tho praying scene. , Mr. Harry Hodson had not a very good conception pf the garrulous old Polonius, full of wise Saws and" there suits of past experiences, but helpless as> to the present, and its needs. Mr. Richard Stewart's value of Laertes was rather to bo accounted by too much sound and fury than' aught olso. In the first scene; however; ho'was-mbre subdued and natural. Ono of the most .praiseworthy portions of the representation :was Mr. Robert Inman's Ghost. The in- terpretation was very carefully'[ ¿nd ' effectively ' done: Not less worthy was' tho scottie'effect: produced by the gauze in both ghost scones; and the position given the spirit in tho second. Tho supernatural impression given was strong. Mr. John L. Hall mado a very good gravedigger.' Tlió inake> UD much vounior; however, than has been seen generally in tlio part. " But in this; as in other instances, notably tho, altnr scene when tho King prays; and in Ophelia^ being present at her orisons while Hamlet speaks his %ol¡loqüy¿ Mr. Holloway ¿as departed from tho,; beaten. track. Tho sconory was not elaborate, but it was tasteful and well managed. Mr. Holloway ought to bo well 'satisfied with' his receptionho received many floral wreaths'and tokens of appreciation.. Miss Jenyns OIBO had her Bharé: of honours, and, with Mr. Holloway, was called before the curtnin several times."' "Hamlet" will'bo played'again to-night; and to-morrow Miss Jenyns takes her farewell benefit, . ? ? . . ? 