titoveltet, gfflfi ROBBER OF THE SLACK FOREST. A STORY OF LOVE, MYSTERY, AND ADVENTURE. BY SYLVANUS COBB, JR. CHAPTER XI. -Continued 11 Mosi assuredly I will.'' "Good. I shall give you the opportu nity very SOOll." Vh lion the priest had gone Sir Pascal summoned Balthazar, and bade him go and sec the baroness, :uid ask her liovv soon she could he prepared to receive him. Ho wished to coi ;for with her upon a matter of great importance. The dwarf departed, and was gone so long that his master became uneasy and suspicious of evil. He had twice framed the opening speech with which he would salute her ladyship, and had twice for gotten it ; and by the time the hunchback finally returned he had forgotten much more. . >Veii. v.iscal What says her august -:>:p Have you been making love to the fair daughter V " Xo, your lordship. I will leave that uelectable pastime to you, when-you liiid her." Ha ! What does that mean V' cried the '"night, seizing the pigmy by the collar of his doublet and giving liim a shake. " Did you \ see the baroness t' '. !So. sir. Xot a door could I open be y<the archway at the entrance to the ladies' apartments. After I had knocked. ' iiud iek-jd, and called at as many doors as i liave lingers. I found a servant, who told ; i.K- ; hat she had been doing the same thing! for more than ati hour : and the black- : eyed wench had the audacity to spit at me. -not ox me. mark you-and tell me that I anuoiherslikeme-meaning your excellency -had driven the poor woman to seeking safety in death, to which end she had drank poison."' Hark ye, sirrah ! Speak ye now s.>ber]y and to the point, <<r I'll-1 11 cut vour wine for a weak. I mean it. Now, tell me "what you fouiul." '? I told you as nearly as L knew how. I went to the chamber of the lady as you bade me ; and 1 tried the doors of all the rooms on that flour, in that wing: and not a door could I start, nor a word of response to my calls could 1 hear : and the girl sa:d slie;d been an hour trying to raise somebody -with out avail." Twice, the startled knight strode across the room, and then, seizing liis cap, he went out-went to the f< 'rge of the armorer, and selecting a heavy sledge-a two-headed tool-with which he reuirned to the keep, he ascended io the apnrtments of the ladies, his dwarf page bearing him company. In tile first passage <>n the second floor thev met the servant whom l.althazar had ques tioned, and her Sir Pascal told to show him which was the sleeping-chamber of the baroness. The door was pointed out, and a single blow of the heavy sledge beat it open. I The. girl rushed, in, and presently set up a' frantic outcry. Her dear mistress was dead she knew. That was her bed, out of which she never slept, and it had not been touched during the night. j Other doors were broken open, and other; chambers looked into : bat no trace of mo ther or daughter could be found. It was Balthazar v.-ho thought«?? asking the servant if she ever waited upon the baroness, and ; helped her to div.-ss. Yes, that was a part of her duty. She and (iretchej) always waited upon the good i lady and her daughter, and nobody else, i And Oretehen, loo, "was gone. She was directed to see if the ladies; had carried < anything away with them ; and upon search ' it was found that both of them had taken If clothing and.all their jewelry. , in a stale ot frenzy tlie kuight hastened ? down, and summoned to his presence all ; the officers and soldiers who had been on I guard duty during the night. There were ja full score of them in all. They were } questioned sharply, but nothing could be I learned from tliem. 2sone of them had I seen either of the missing females. Each land every one most solemnly swore that not a soul had passed him during his , watch. j "Where is the wonder?" suggested ? Lieutenant Franz, when the chief had 1 reached tlie point of declaring that some jbody had lied. "Do you not know that these old castles are riddled, through and through, with all sorts of secret passages V' Simple as was the revelation, Dunwolf had not thought of it. But he saw it now, and admitted the probability of its correct ness; He had just bowed his acknowledgment to Franz when the door of the apartment was opened, and the two ruffians, Zillern and Walbeclc, came in, looking like men who had just seen a veritable ghost, each Irving to push the other on ahead. "How now cried the knight, with a new terror before him. " Why are you here ? Speak !-Zounds ! I ll-" " Mercy, Meiuherr And it came out, with much stumbling, that they had gone down to carry tlioir prisoner his breakfast ; had found the door of the dungeon bolted raid barred and locked, just as they had left it ; but the place was empty. The straw had not been laid upon, and two of tlie candles and the candlestick had been taken away. This was too much. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb. He gasped and choked, but- for a considerable time was unable to -speak. And when, at length, his power of speech came to him, he was so deeply moved that lie spoke without an oath ; no oath that he could frame being adequate to the occasion. Franz ! What do you make of this ?" " It must be, sir, tliat some of tlie men of the castle discovered that, the captain had been locked up in that place, and they contrived, during the night, to set him free." " But how could they have got there if our sentinels were awake V By means of passes of which we are ignorant. If you will reflect you will call to mind that the subterranean passes of these old piles always connect with the lower crypts and dungeons." Again the knight was forced to admit the plausibility of his lieutenant's solution . and, having questioned the jailers some what further, he resolved to go down and investigate for himself. He had brought with him tlic sledge villi which lie had opened the chamber doors : that he gave to Zilleni, ami directed \\\ albeck to go to the armorer's forge and get another just like it, and to bring, also, a common hammer of goodly size. When all was ready, lights were taken and the party set forth. The first point for examination was the dungeon from which the prisoner had been set free. Was there any secret pass there ! They hammered and pounded everywhere, but only the dull, massy sound of solid rock was returned. ! The walls on ;hree .sides were absolutely native rock, and, of course, J here eoukl he nothing of the kind in the front wall. As for the floor, it was of flags of such size, and so firmly laid, that no humau power could move them. It never occurred to them that the floor ,.f a square recess cut from the native ledge ought itself-or, at least, the inner portion of it-to be solid like the walls that arose from it. They might have seen, too, that the floor of the passage outside, on a level with that uf the dungeon, was simply n surface of natural ! rock. Also, they might have discovered that the floor <jf the very next dungeon was : of nature's own make. | But they saw nothing o£ this. It was evident that the prisoner had been set free by somebody from the outside ; and as for lindiug the secret in that maze of cells and crypts and vaulted passages, the thing was not to be thought of. They hammered and banged upon a few suspicious-looking places, but in the end returned 110 wiser than they went. . On reaching daylight again, Sir Pascal thought of mustering the force of the castle -those men who had been under Capt. von Linden's command-and demanding of them information upon the subject of what he was pleased to term the recent outrage ; but Franz quickly argued him away from it. ] Said he, after his chief had given up the objectionable plan : " The prisoner is gone, of course, beyond the confines of the castle, antl I doubt if there is a soul here present who knows where lie is. Further, the ladies are surely with liitn ; and we may judge, from the fact that no horses have been taken, that they have not gone far. Isow, my dear master." continued the trusty henchman, laying the dexter linger of the light hand into the pahn of the left, as he went on, j speaking slowly and earnestly, "our first object is to make ourselves secure in our position, and know who are our friends. j Of the five-and-foi ty men-at-arms whom Ave ? louiid in the garrison here when we came,! the laiger portion of them are soldiers who! have been drawn from other sources within a few months. The old kniglir, whose funeral had just taken place when we arrived, had enlisted them by order of the grand duke, after intelligence had been received of the anticipated insurrection.. More than half of those men, to my certain ; knowledge. ;ire already heart and soul with 1 us ; and 1 have no doubt that we might, by proper management, gaiu very nearly the whole of then). " Let us first do that, sir ; and then let us find TJiorbrand. If we do not find him readily, we must find some of his men and r jonfer with them. That they are in this j neighborhood there can be 110 doubt, j Meantime we will throw our guards upon ; ill the avenues of the surrounding forest,'. :o make sure that tlie fugitives do not ] escape us. This is the plan i would suggest." And the chief had resolved to adopt it before Franz had dyne speaking. Accordingly, after 011c more thorough search over the cjistle for the missing ones, Sir Pascal caused the original force of the eastle to he mustered on the parade ground, and when they were together, he stated to them plainly his object. He wanted to know how many of them he could depend upou to follow him without question ; how many would take the oath of fealty to him self. He used 110 honeyed words, but lie did this : He made them understand that those who should refuse liim allegiance might look for hard times ; while on the other hand, for those who should prove true to him, there would be the best of treat ment, and there might be considerable booty. The result had not been looked for. Only ten men of the tive-and-forty privates and nine non-com missioned officers-ten of the whole number-stood firm and true to the old duty : ju;d tlicr, when they saw and understood the situation, believing that their .young captain and the ladies of the castle had got safely away, asked that they might be discharged from the service. They had taken the oath of fealty to the ba roness, and only she herself could absolve them. For a wonder Dun wolf permitted them to go. He felt that they could do him more harm if they remained than they could in being outside. And thus was he completely master of the castle. Saving the few house hold servants, for whom he did not care,all within the walls were his sworn supporters. Before the sun of that day had set he had sent swift couriers out upou all the roads upon every path where a woman could make her way-and made sure that no [ persons had gone forth since the previous evening. Also, lie had posted sentinels at the various passes, to prevent the out going of anyone without question. I During the evening of that day, for the hist time, he was told of the cot of the old hunter 011 the opposite mountain side. Could it be possible that the fugitives had found shelter and hiding there ? He would very soon know. On the next morniug, bright and early, accompanied by a guide from the men of the castle, Sir Pascal and his lieutenant, with the dwarf page, who had begged hard that he might be permitted to go, set forth for the hunter's cot. They readied it with out adventure worthy of note, and found the hunter himself standing in his open doorway. Evidently he had been on the watch for them, having been very sure that thev would come. Pascal Dunwolf stood faii'ly abashed be fore the man lie had come to see. He had been prepared to find a rough, ignorant mountaineer, who would instinctively quail and cower before him; but, instead of that, he gazed upon a man noble and grand in form and feature-a man who looked upon him as a monarch might look upon his meanest subject. Kever niind the details of the interview. The visitor, as soon as he could present his business, stated why he had come. He was very anxious concerning, the ladies, who were so far under his care that lie felt responsible for their safety. Had the hunter seen anything of them i Could lie give any information at all " Sir,7' said Obenvald with a stately bow, ." I might answer you that 1 had not seen them-that I knew nothing of them ; but that would presuppose my leadiness to be tray them if they were here, or to tell a falsehood. The lady Bertha and her daughter are my dear friends,and if I knew where they had found refuge I certainly should refuse to tell you. O ! do not look so glum ! I only do what you would do. if you be a man of honor. But., sir, my humble abode is before you ; no doors are locked. You can look through it if you will ; also, you may search the forest round about. I certainly hope you may not find them, because I know they would not have left you without good and sufficient reason." The spurred and belted knight was for a little time fairly beside himself with con tending emotions. Once he seemed more than half inclined to draw his sword, and again a torrent of curses was upon his lips ready to burst forth ; but his better judg ment finally prevailed, and in moderate tones he told the hunter that he should like to view the internal arrangements of his dwelling. Without a word Oberwald admitted him :nd his lieutenaut. The obtrusive hunch back started to go in, but his master put him back. Upon entering the living-room the hunter'? daughter was discovered sitting In* the great lire-place, and Franz who had an eye for a pretty face, .started to address her. At that, niomeut up rose the great JSt. Ber nard, with a growl like far-off thunder, and the gallant drew back,leaving the damsel to herself. j Every part of the cot was visited ; every hole and corner was peered into ; but no thing was found that looked like a fugitive j baroness. and in the end the party of ob servation left the cot no wiser than they were or. their arrival. Sore at heart, and in deeper trouble, than he would acknowledge, Sir Pascal Dunwolf returned to the castle. Thus far lie had been baffled at every step ; still he did not give up. Fresh riders were seut out to scour the forest, and every means lie could think of taken to find the missing ones. And now for the robber chief. While the search was going on for the fugitives lie must iiiul Thorbrand, and with liim come to an understanding. Why the mau had not called upon him he could not conceive. lie had promised that lie would be very punctual. it was on the third day after the disap-. pearance of Captain vols Linden and the j ladies, while scouts were scouring in every I direction f-jr the robber chieftain, or foi I any of his band, that one of the fumed' LsuiJit's followers was bronchi before him. He gave his - as Hildegund, and »u>' lie w»» -;«jof Thorbrand's chief lieutenant lie liad been 011 his way to the castle whei the outriders liad met him, and he anxious to find his master as was any one. " More than a hundred men of out ban-l.. lie said, "are now encamped in the Arn berg Valley waiting for an order from thoii chief, Tliorbraud left us little more than a week ago, in company with his chic' officer, young Wolfgang-young he is, b.. but a thunderbolt in battle-they left u for the express purpose of coming to tin* very castle to report to yourself. All is rcadj- with us, and the barons of Wurtem burg are ready to move as .".0011 as they know that Deckendorf Castle is open to them in case of need. We have waited till ! now for our chiefs return, and when the! full week had gone I started out in quest of him. The last words he spoke before leav ing us were spoken to me. " ' Hildegund,' lie said, 41 go to confer with the knight who li:is been sent to com mand Deckendorf Castle. When I have arranged satisfactorily with him I will letj you know." 1 " He promised that if he did not come himself he would send Wolfgang. That, as I have said, was more tliau a week ago, and. from that time we have heard not a word, I nor have we received a sign. What can it' mean ?" Dumvolf was confounded. Was it pos sible that Thorbrand liad made his ap pearance at the castle before his arrival while von Liuden was in command-and had the fiery youtli put him out of the way ? He summoned two of the assistant warders, who had taken the oath of fealty to him, and questioned them closely. | They declared, unhesitatingly, that it would have been impossible for any man to have ' visited the castle during the week previous ?to Sir Arthur's death without either one or the other of them being witness. After this there was a silence, broken at length by the robber. I " Have you search at the cot o Martin Obervvald ?" " ^ hat ?-the hunter on the opposite mountains f' "The same." "Not for Thorbrand; but 1 have been there, and have looked into every hole and corner after others. Hildegund shrugged his shoulders signi ficantly. That man," he said, "is deeper than you think. If any one can give us infor mation, it is he. But we must be wary. Lee us think the matter over, and fix upon a plan of ac ion. He has holes and corners at command that you did not dream of, I'll be bound. '-' Hildegund was of middle age ; tall and sinewy, and strong of limb. He was a handsome man, to<>, with a face remarkably iveen and intelligent. That he was an ex perienced forester and mountaineer was evident from the outset, and to him Sir Pascal tendered the office of guide 111 the present emergency. The brigand readily accepted the position and straightway proceeded to action, his movements indicating very plainly that he knew what he was about. liefore that day's sun had set he had organized a force of little less than two-score men-all more or less versed in the mysteries of mountain life-and the dwelling of Martin Oberwald was completely environed, so that 110 person could enter in or go away without being discovered. -o 