The Mining Boom. I'VE BEEN THERE." (BY "MÜRTIE.") Australasia han Beveral times been excited from end to end with some great mining bonanza, and speonlation has risen to an abnormal height, to fall again like the proverbial stiok of the rooket. Mining is distinctly divided in Australasia into two periods the digging and the mining. Bnt in many respects they resemble eaoh other ; their greatest difference being tbat in the digging dayß capital was not required-in the mining cays it ÍB the first requisite. In both periods there have been "rushes; " men flying off from an old field to a new one, sometimes to their loaa. In the digging days the rushes were to freah gullies ; in the mining period they are to new mineral discoveries, mostly in the shape of lodes. If we look bao lt we will see that there have been several " booms " in the mining world, all of whioh ended in collapse; although a number of persons made enormous fortunes Thero was the great ThamoB boom in New Zealand, whioh led to losses in varions shareB. Then there were several Ballarat booms. The greatest of all was the Bendigo mining mania of 1869-72 (till the reoent boom occurred), of whioh BO muoh has been written, and wbioh was so full of romance and violent transition. I was in that Îreat maelstrom, and got out of it rather badly, 'hen in thia oolony we had the Hill End madnesB. There were some good mines there. Sinoo then, up to the present, there have not been any booms in the true BenBe of the word; though in succession Ballarat, several times Maryborough, Olonourry, Gympie, Charters Towers, and Sandhurst have had période of inflation. The silver boom is the latest and the greatest. In no other boom did shares rise so rapidly, and to snoh enormous values. I question whether the world has many reoords to beat that of the Broken Hill Proprietary the other day, when the BhareB roBO .£1,600,000 in an hour ;'for that ie what it oame to. What has been the total rise of Barrier shares Binoe Christmas is a matter of computation ; but it amounts to many millions. The deolines havo also been tremendous. Infaot, this is the boom of booms, and will yet be celebrated in song, story, and revel ; and for years its effect upon the sooial fabric will be felt. It has elevated to rioh men persons who not long ago thought a few pounds a week a great thing; and it will inevitably bring down into the dust many who but for the excitement would have been sober, steady, plodding citizens to the end of their days. The Sandhurst mania led to sooial disturbance which did not subside for yearB. and the waves of whioh are even now felt. The effect of the Barrier boom will probably be more far-reaching. It is not at all likely that we have Been the end, for the Barrier is an enormous metalliferous field. In tho north we have gold, whioh would pay magnifi- cently if there was water. In the oentre there ÍB tin, not yet developed ; in the south, silver, lead, gold, and copper. In faot, tho region appears the metal- liferous wonder of the world; and no one knowe what are its possibilities when oapital and enterprise apply themselves assiduously to the task. If the Barrier had the lnok to be situated anywhere exoept where it is, its riohes would Boon be developed, and ita people given all the comforts and oonvenienoes of a great oity. But it ÍB between three great colonies, and really is ano man'B land. It ÍB in New South Wales, with whioh it haB no connection, geographi- cally or sooially. However, when its great wealth has been made manifest, as manifest I believe it will bein avery short time, even the stern stepmother. New South Wales, will beoome kindly. " I have been there," and know. The history of a mining mania is very simple, and always " the same." One of tho conditions is an easy money market, and low prioo for investments. The more Bhrowd and enterprising keep poking their UOBOB arnnnd to see what is worth turning up. They examine the prospects of mines, and, having decided that there ie a good ohanoo. they invent slowly and steadily. The mines justify their judgment, and turn ont woll. On tho Btrength of this a soopnd olasB of Bpoonlators goes in. They have to pay higher priooa, but for all that they are not in danger. It is about this stage that "promoting" begins. But even then most claims started havo "bottom," Pronently a third class of speoulators finds ita way into the ring, tempted by the prosperity of the first two. These .' have, not muoh monoy, and bny on the ohanoe of Bolling put quickly, and making a profit. But even j ¡they ftand firm. Now bogin to como in tho clements of destruc- tion, and very rapidly. Mon who have nothing or little buy on time., Thore is an onay, kappy-go-luoky ?ystom eatabliihad, whioh givcB plonty of opportunity for "flnanoial operations." The general publie, whioh knows nothing of mining, nothing of tho pros peots 6f the mines, rushes in pell moll; and the de* mand for sorip rises np to heaven. " Wild oat " mines, with not the ghost of a show, whioh can never get the reef, are got np to meet the demand. The excitement risea to frenzy point ; money tightens ; men have to realise ; the babble totters and trembles, and bursts, and then-chaos. Save who can-the last man is crushed. Of coarse, the men who entered on the speculation coolly and with knowledge are not greatly affeoted by the crash ; and daring the mania the wiser, perhapB I ought to say the more luoky, make fortunes. There is also a praotioe of bulling and bearing whioh ia established in all the market?, especially at boom timeB, whioh engulfs the ignorant and unwary. Precisely the same taotios are need in the betting market, when horses are run np and down so as to fill the books and make tho metallioians safe. In mining, when the market is hot, oertainoon'ribntora are fonnd almost every day to rush up a stook. It is run to a high prioe. The public Bees it rising, and ruBh in. The ring sells its Bbares ; and the publio money is caught. Of course sometimes the manipu- lators are netted themselves. The mine ÍB good, and the publio gets the best of the deal. But theBO rashes np and down are good for the brokers ; and that olasB Boon makes handsome fortunes out of the buying and Belling caused by them. What makes booms totally different now from what they were in the great days of Sandhurst and Ballarat is the wider constituency ; the enormous extension of the telegraphs and railways almost destroying time and Bpaoe. When the Sandhurst boom was on in 1870-72 the business waa mainly confined to Sand- hurst and Melbourne, with a moderate business in Svdney and Ballarat. But all that is ohanged. Whenever a boom takeB plaoe now, and wherever it is, London, Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Ballarat, Sandhurst, and the other great oities are centres of buying and selling. Consequently, the booms n.ust be very big indeed. But, for all that, they will be none the safer. I have been through the furnaoo ; andi can say this : Those who deoide on going into mining should care- fully study the prospects of the mine, and if con- vinced that it ia good they should buy in and stick to the shares, unlesB some very great prioe is offered. Very often people sell out of good mines, and put the money into bad oneB, and loae all. On every field there are a few Bafo permanent mines, only a few. AB to making money by buying for a rißo, only those who tr.ro on the Bpot can do that ; and suoh specu- lators almost always get the worst of it in the end. Aa far aa I have Boen, the men who havo done well in mining have boan the investors, whom I have de Boribod, and tho brokers. Finally, if you are doing well in a good situation or business, haste not to be rich by rushing into booms whioh may deBtroy you, mentally, morally, and pecuniarily, for ever. If you belong to the outside public, the betting is against you-most deoidedly. GOLD IN WALES.-Another gold reef has been dienovored in North Wales ; and the rook is Baid to yield upward of loss to the ton. If we go on at thiB rate (wrote Dr. J. E. Taylor, from England) there will he a "mah" from Australia to Britain; and perhaps the Heathen Chinee will pay UB a vißit, wash our clothes, nurse our ohildron, and raise our greongrooorioB. GOLD AND COAL IN COREA.-Thero is a great storo of gold as woll as of ooal in Corea, but an entiro lack of propor mechanical devioos for mining. Tho production of gold last year was ¿81,000,000. The main objoot of the Corean Embassy to the American Government is understood to bo to intorcBt the citi- zens of tho United States in. tho development of, Corean rosouroos. 