i THE DUGHESS; By the Author of ' Phyllis,' ' Molly Bawn,' 'Mrs.Qboffrby,'' 'Lady Branlsaiere,' &c.; [The .Bight ? ot : . Tbansiation Keskeved.] CHAPTER XXIII. . ' . ? But now tlio linnd of fnto in on tlio curtain And gives the scene to light. Ik tho morning that tirosomo hoadaoho is ?woreo than over. Norah manages to got down to breakfast, but only to play with nor toast and to refuso with a glanoo of distasto any thing offered her. 'How ill you look, darling,' says Madam some hours 'later, meeting her in ono of. the anterooms, equipped for walking. 'Jjilco a little pretty ghost. I am so distressed about it, and your'~father coming to-morrow, too ! It is dreadful ; ho will say I havo not taken any caro of you.' 'Who could havo taken more ?' says tho DuohoBS sweetly, sloping an arm round hor neck. 'Tou havo mado mo fool always that voulovome.' 'Havo If' very pleased. 'That is as it should bo, then, and only tho barest truth. Every, mother should lovo her own littla ? daughter.' Slio smiles and kisaos tho' girl with a lingering fondness, and smoothes back' ?the Eoft ruffled looks from her hot brow. ' You are quito feverish,' darling. Do you .know I am growing reallyuueaBy abjutyou?' ' It is this headache.' 1 'But -what a persistent ono. Will you see Dr. Morgan?' ' No, no, indeed,' laughing. ' What non sense, auntie. I'll tell you, though, what I think of doing. Of going out, and staying out :for quite ever so long. Make an oxcuao for mo at luncheon, and don't expect mo again, until you sco me. I feel us if a good dose of the strong wild wind outside is tho ono thing that can blow these cobwebs out of my brain. ' Then go, by all means, dearest. Try your own medioine first, mine afterwards,' says Madam. '? But, before you go— a biBcuit and a glass of Madeira. Como now,. I insist, and about you at luncheon.' The dull and cheerless sun, that all day long las been making bo poor a pretence at jollity, lias at last sunk behind the hills. Already ?daylight mines, and tho heavy gusts of wind that, rushing through tho fir tops, stirred tho -wide air since early dawn, havo now gained in strength, and are roaring sullenly with a sub dued forco, that speaks of a violent outburst later on. One or two heavy drops of rain fall with a quick, soft sound at Norah'sf cot. They rouso her from tho revorio in which she las almost lost herself ; rouse Her, too, to a knowledge of tho fact that day is nearly dead, and that the air ib lull of signs of the coming storm. So busy have' been hor thoughts during her long, swift ramblo through the woods and over the hills, and thence into unknown woods again, that to her it seems as though it is but a little while since eho walked from tho broad atone steps that lead to tho entrance door at Custle Ventry ; and yet, in roulity, how long haB it been ? She pauses to look round her to notice for the first timo how swiftly tho darkness is be ginning to fall ; to see, too, with a vague yet sharp touch of fear, that tho place wherein sho now stands is strange, unknown to her. Wnither nave ner restless ieec oarnea ner ; an the landmarks by which sho had beon used to ? guide hersolf are now behind her, lost to her, unless she can rotnico her steps to somo spot iumiliar. ; Ahugoblack cloud has gathered ovorhoad, and is covering all tho heavens. ' A little fine, white mist begins to fall, a shadowy sort of shower, that presently declares itsolf more openly, and becomes an honest . downpour. Larger and larger grow tho drops, darker and darker tho atmosphere ; and now tho firs mild senso of fear gathers in forco arid becomes uncomfortably definite. Turning, she begins to walk briskly in tho way she believes t-ho has como, but which in reality is only taking her tho lnoro decidedly from Ventry; when sho had walked in this ^irpf.tinn nitntit. 20 minutes. rIio Tiausos and looks around her, only to find herself hopelessly astray. ; ' ?? ; ?Blaoker grows tho leaden sky above, as soon in irregular patches through tho arching branches over her head. Slowly, steadily rissa tho storm ; already tho wind begins to rush past. her. with a .fierceness that makes her limbs i tremble. Standing still, with hor arm round a sapling oak for support, and fooling a very natural thrill of terror as sho aoknow ledgos to herself that sho scarcely knows whero to turn, oho happens to lift hoc head and there on her right she Bees an old broken-down cottage, or hut rather — close to a tall fir tree, that appears to bend over it as if offering pro tection. It will give shelter at least. Running towards it silo stops quickly, thankfully, into the miserable one bare room of which it can boast. Dead leaves blown in by many winds .strow tho earthen floor. A wido open chimney holds on its hearth the groy ashes of dead fires old and gone. ! The DuchcBB, with a sense of rather uncanny loneliness, looks with ungrateful backward glances' at this spot that alono has held out to 'her the arms of pity. How long has it stood .here a prey to ghosts? Not so long, apparently. In ono : corner stands a pilo of rotten fir logs, and near it abundlo of twigs, or 'Jrippens,' as the peasants call them, that 'suggest a desira on. the partof tho lato_tenants to light one moro firo beforo. they should leave this dilapidated home for ever. ? ? ' Through two largo holes in the thatched roof the rain is falling with a quick steady dripi and 'Norah; avoiding it an best sho may, leans dis consolate against the open doorway and gazes ? with ; muny misgivings on the ? dismal scene ?without. , It must bo now about ? 5 o'clock according to -her = calculation— in reality it is considerably later— and they will all bo now in the library, corno gathered round tho vr«lcome tea-tray, others lounging ? in tho pretty toa gownB in tho softest chairs to be found. ? Denu?, too, will havo oome in long ago from his shooting,, .and ? perhaps— perhaps* will now be thinking ot her and wondorins where sho is. A litllo, uneasy too, it may boV Sho oan almost see. hia handsome, rather inelanoholy face of late, , with the eyes turning so constantly to the door. :.:?:.?;...,;.?).,'?.???;:?--?????????' ???????--?-?' ?? Well, ..well; ?-. why- think of 4t? He may -wonder/and watch, and long for hor oomiug ; but of -what avail will it all be There is no end to' it but ono. 'Sho will riot dwell upon it. .Let her. ruther' turn her thoughts to the fait that she is imprisoned hero until tho storm shall cense,' and -.that .even after -that5 ahe will not ' 'know what direction to take to reach Ventry; How! dark i it grows,': blacker' and blacker :frown the heaven*..; The dimmest twilight -ia all , that is loft-of. the day,' just done.' '.What will they, think of. her at tho Castle? With ?wlia\a contemptuous sneer ^Catherine will hint 4it jthe ^barbarous bad taste of those who can : plunge bo unreasonably a -whole household into a state of apprehension, for. tho sake of their ?own. idle whims! And besides— '-' ^ '? ? Great Heaven.! whutis that? ?.!.. ????' ?.?'?'??? Only, tho report of. a gun. But coming 'through *ho gathering durknoss of the desooud . ing night, it strikes with' a cold terror at her ?? 'heart.. And th«u all at once, she scarcely knows why, that past Boene; upon the gravel ?sweep, stands out boforo hor mental gazo; once more. Once again the ? dog's yelp of agony sounds on tho.uii' : onco again Molonoy is follod to tho ground ;. bhe , sees him' riBB, aud marks .again the deadly, threat of vongoanco in hia ?ej'CS.....,;'; . .... ?:..:???-;.??:''.': '}?'?}':? A^fcaiy born of nothing, as truo fears somo-- ?linieB, are, beoomoa strong: within hor/ Her lioart.beats fait, hor hands grow onld, her oheok ? pules., ; How if .that .murderous, though; silent -threat,' has boon, os-on now fulfilled! even it nowj'h'e, her eoul's beloved, lies.vpowerlesss, -dead, -v.ith tlio heavy, oruel pattering rain fall jngvfaliipg.always on the dull, iusensato body. . ItiBibutalittlothing after this to pioturo the *1*liifrfl' crlinoHv iininimml fnnn. with frim'rlflilfl. ttnring: eyes, tho parted lips showing tho ;glenming teeth just a little. Oh, hoaven '. Oh, ?no! :. On! no, noj no. She 'shudders violently, and flings out her (hands as though to ward off the awful sight; and tho thuB stands trembling all ovor, again that sharp Bound rings through tho darkness. .'She clutches tho doorway, and with dilated eyes stares outwards, straining sight and hear ing. ?!-?_ : ; ? . ' ? ? ' Again !— olose at hand it now sounds— rings ?out thoakarp orook of a royolver; and following1 on it, tho bang of a broeoh-loader. To hor ainpraotieed car both Bounds aro aliko, but for all that, instinct is alorfc withiu her, arid holds up a warning hand, and not for ono moment is Bhe deluded by tho reasonable solution of the problem that Denis on his homeward way has just knocked over a braco of birds. Conquering a sickening sensation that comes very near to fainting, she rushes impotuoualy out of tho house, and through the blinding rain makes her way to tho spot from whence tho sounds havo come. To hor Burpriso, a vory short run brings hor to a riso in tho ground that betrays to her tho fact of a road that lies iust below whero sho is standing. A hijrii bank, topped by furzo bushos, hides that part of the wood whoro she now stands from tho public way, though a dilapidated gateway lower down permits hor to soa -where tho road rune. As she draws nearer to it sho becomes conscious that broken sounds urj beginning to f .11 upon hor ear ; panting breaths, muttered curses, tho swaying move ments of feet. In this moment slio knows, as well as though sho can already seo him, that Denis is on tho road, close to that broken gateway, and that he is fighting fiercely for dear lifo. ? All at once her faintness leaves her. A cold ohill rushes through her, hardening every nerve. Springing to the top of tho high bank, she looks through the furze bushes, down on to the load bonealh,-and sseJ- — . ?? ' Ciupteb XXIV. Coutoro is a sort of; armour to the mtml, and keips un unwelcome, impression from driving too ueci- iuto perception. .It is Dcnis.sho sees first. He is facing her ; whilst his opponent — who has grasped him by tho throat with a Bavage grip, and is straining every muscle to bring him to the ground, has his back to her. Ho is a powerful-looking man, ana even as jNorun looks on, trozen by horror, he makes an effort to bring down the handle of the rovolver ho carries upon De lauey's head, with the intent to hammor out his bruine. It is evidently a struggle that cannot last long. Delinoy's faco is already death-like, rendered the more ghastly becauso of tho heavy drops of blood that are runuing down it from a wound in tho forehead, and nis coat is torn away from one arm that hangs helplessly by his side. With tho other arm he still holds his would-be-murderer, and with the tenacity of his race is still holding his own when another would he lying spent and insensible. To Norah — who is of his own blood, and who can see for herself that unless succour is prompt tho end is very near — this sight gives freah courage Her spirit rises within hor ; she sets her teeth and looks Bwifty, keenly around her. A Bhort, heavy stake, part of tho broken gate way, catches her eye ; she loses no time, sho moves quickly towards it ; to seize it noiselessly, to spring once again to that high part of the bank that brings her right over tho assassin's head, and within a foot of him, takes her but o, minute, and then ! With all the strength of her strong young arms she lifts tho heavy piece of wood well above her shoulder, and brings it down again with unerring precision right upon tho scoun drel's pate. Like a stone ho drops, halt dragging . Denis with him, but tho girl, jumping into the road, catches him as he falls, and holds him upright still with loving arms. Even now, as insensi bility at last overpowers him, as deadly stuper '! 5Iy beloved ! M.y own littlo girl ! ' .he breathes faintly, with but a poor attempt indeed at tho old fond smile, yet with love unspeakable in his fast closing eyes. He makes a vain offbrt to hold out his hands to her, and then falls inertly against the bank. And now it comes to Norah to do what sho novor afterwards oan remember doing, or under stand how she had the power to accomplish it. But The God of lovo, nil ! benodtcc, - How iiiifflity and How great a Lord is He ! Surely ho helps her now. Looking at him, lying there in that awful swoon, it seems to her that eho dare not leave him alone with tho murderer beside him whilst she runs for help. What if the man woro to recover -whilst she was away. What if he bo not dead. Poor, little, tender-hearted Duchess! Let her not bo thought unwomanly if in this supremo moment she hopes passionately that she has killed the fears that she has uot done so. What if ho should rise and finish his ghastly work whilst sho ran blindly along an unknown road to gain that assistance sho might never meet ! Moisture rises to her brow as eho thinks it all out, and then all at onco sho abandons that idea of gaining help, and with one quick indrawn breath steadies herself down for tho work sho is determined to do this night, or die in the attempt. Stooping, she encircles Denis with her arms, and presently has drawn him, first towards the broken gateway, then through it ; through tho blessed opening that pormits her to drag him out of view of that; cruel fijprj on tho ground, into, tho safer shelter of .the woods beyond. '. . . Yard by yard. Sobbing ; panting ; with hor fear and her fatigno pressing soroly on hor, yot n'tver discouraged, she slowly and ever moro slowly, as the willing arms grow bo deadly weary, drags him to tlio protection of that lonely hut, close' to the fir- tree. !Uv(n when sho has trot him in, and laid him softly downwards, with tho poor broken arm as comfortably settled as she pan manage it, her zeal for his welfare docs not relax.' Off hor own tender body sho ttrips her sealskin coat, a present from her auntie, to make a pillow for his head, and then, not thinking it high enough — careless of cold, of discomfort, nay dead to them — ahe slips off her iluunol petticoat and adds that to tho coat. ; Not until she has done all this doea she permit herself to kneel beside him and look into his face! ... .'.'? ' : .. , Is it his face, that calm, still, motionless mask, all streaked aud dyed with blood, blood still flowing? She liaH been bo engrossed hitherto with hor terriblo task of bringing him here, that the idea that her labour might be in vain— that death might already have robbed her of ?« but she most values upon earth— has not suggested itself ; but now it comes, and a very agony of deBpiiir takes po3seteiou of her. Nearer she leans over him, still nearer; her miserable, oyesolinging to his deathlike face. Whut a horrible pallor is that upon' his cheek ! how sunken arc theeyos within, their, sockets ,' how. cruelly calm tho mouth ! ' Ib — is he dead ? Oh ! no, no, no ! Not dead ! Hurt, hurt nigh unto death, if it roust bo, but oh/! not dead, indeed ! Her very soul uplifts itself in supplication. Maimed, suffering, broken, lot him be, but grant that life still lingers withiu his bruised body. . . ' Oh ! Thou loving Lord ! by' whom all prayers aro heard, hear mine. ' ~ Softly, tremulously, sho entreats ; 'and now with nervous fingers she loosens his coat and fcejsfor tho heart that- should boat beneath. And after a minute (who shall Bay what ages lie in it P) a faint pulsation rewards her. lie ; lives! As yot, at least, the vital spark is in him. :. But how to keep it there ? Deftly she tears ? first her own hnndkorohief and then his into strips, and .binds them round his brow. The Bcnrch for his handkerchief had brought to light a small Husk whioh, to her joy, oontains brandy; but though she tries, even with her fingers, to get some between his lips, Bhe fails to make him swallow it. And now again torror drives her almost ?wild. Can ehe do nothing ? Will no one ever como to his aid? Sho runs to tlio doorway, ?with a vehement determination to rjish through all the blinding storm in searoh of help. But as. she 'crosses' the threshold she looks baok, and seeing him lying there so quiet, to all appearance' eo lifeless, her heart grows weak within her, and her courage fails. Alas, too, even if she were to venture forth, whither could she go ? Tho plaoo is strange to hor ; eho would not know whioh way to turn ; and if she wero to .wander too far in this gathering darkness and fail to mako hor way baok again, ?what might not happen to him before motn — in her absence, alone, untonded, desorted ? ? Oil, no, bIio cannot leuvo him. A vague hope that they will bo rescued later on by messengers from Ventry gives her some wavering comfort, but in truth hor preBont fears are so many that comfort in tho future is Suiokly ousted. It is bo cold, too— so bitterly lull. Sho looks longingly at tho dry stioks lying on the hearth, but even though Bhokriows ' that by the aid of tho vestas sho had found in his pookot when looking for tho flask, ahq can set liro to them, Bho shrinks from doing bo, a norvouB horor lest the smoke shall betray his resting-place to his enemy restraining her. ??- 'She takes one of his hands in hora, and feois it. It is cold as ice — his very lips, aa she lays hor fingers on them, seom frozon. Sho draws off her boIo remaining petticoat, and wraps it round him, with despair fast gathering at hor heurt. Oh, to light that firo ! And iiow_ a determination cntera into her that is only part of tho groit courage that has all through oupportol her. Silontly sho leaves the cabin, and cautiously, with her hoart in hor throat, steals down to that high bank that overlooks tho road. Some faint light shows beyond thj depth of tho wood, and oautiously she peow through tho furze bushos to that spot whoroon tho man had lain. It was Malonoy, she know, at that first awful moment, but now sha lookj for his stalwart framo in vain. No maniB there ! She casts her eyes quickly up and down the read for many yards— as far, indeed, as hor oyes can pierce tho gloom, only to' find that it is empty. It ia p'ain then that sho had not killol him ! He had evidently recovered sufficiently to en able him to muko his way homo, and torriikd by tho thought tlmtsucconr in some unaccount able fashion had come to his victim, had hidden himself away as far from the spot of his uttempted crime as poraible. With a lightened heart, Norah ran back to tho cabin, aud seizing tho matches sets fi.-o to some dry leaves, that easily igniting presently coax the largo bundle of stioks into a flame. Cheerily they blaze, throwing out a dolioious glow that warms whatover it touches. She draws Denis as close up to it as prudonco will permit, and once again trie9 to foroo the brandy between his lips— this time with somo success. And at last, as last, ho moves a little and sighs, and finally opens hia oyes. ' jfou, my lovo .'' ho says vory low, with a. faint smile, and as though not at all surprisod. So near to tho gates of death has ho beon' brought, that all emotions, savotho ouo absorb ing paFsion of hia life, are forgotten by him ; and indeed so weak is ho that almost as sho beliovcs she has gained him back again from the portalR we all dread for those wo love oven sis slio tries to answer him — ho faints again, leaving her once more to watch out the long dark hours of night alono. CnAPTKB XXV. * I felt a tightness grasp, my throat. As it would strangle me. It is now far past midnight, and still tho storm rageB overhead. Heavy bursts of thunderous rain dash againBt tho walls of the cabin, and through the open doorway tho inky blackness of tho night looks in upon her ns she .sits cowering, shivering, by the hoarth, hor eyes over fixed upon tho motionless figure bB sido her. Krory now and then she rises to chafe tho uninjured hand, to listen for the faint breath ing, to wash away the marks of blood upon the wan face. Littlo by littlo she has made him swallow most of the brandy the flask contained, and now with a sad heart she sits watching for the dawn. . Will he last till then ? And ovon then is sho euro bIio can mako her way homo in - a hurry ?. And— and — when ghe gets there what will hor welcome bo— what will she say — how givo an account of herBelf ? .How is she to tell them that she has spent the night — the long, long, terriblo night, alono with him ia this hat? Katherine's face rises before her once again — tho bitter scorn of it — the cruel contempt— the wicked moaning ! . A thousand times she assures herself that no one can daro sny a word to her prejudice when the truth,- in Denis's shattered person, lies before them; and yet for all that she knows that unkind comment will be made, and shrinks from the thought of it with a rather undue horror, Iu,thia dark hour Bho romembors how: Kathcrino is mistress ot her secret ; remembers, too, little meaning, kindly Bmiles, and inuendoes from Nancy and Lady Glandore, and knows full well that her unhappy affoction for her co'sin, if not shouted, haa, at least, been whis pered on tho house-tops. Yes ; it is all over. This melancholy night spent here in this desolato cabin will never bo forgotten by her world - never ! It seems to her in the morbid stato into which sho now has fallen, that for the future she will be a sort of outcast, an Irish pariah as it were, amongst her tribe. One little drop of comfort falls into her dad is coming to Ventry. To this thought, whioh is tho very sweetost imaginable to her surely troubled spirit, she clings oagerly ; -in it, she has indeed 'great storo of bliss' — for when did her dad over think evil where no evil was ? — and if all the world were against her, would not that be, to him, ono reason the moro for declaring himself more openly upon her side, dear, darling dud ?? A heavy sigh falls from her, and moving un easily upon her seat — a heap of sticks — she suddenly becomes awaro that Djnis has hiB eyes open and is looking at hor. 'Is that you, Duchess f' The voice is low, so faint indeed as to be half inaudible, but ' lovers' ears aro sharp to hear,' and Norah rising, bends eagerly ovor him. 'Tes. I am here,' sho whispers tenderly. Sho kneels upon tho ground besido him, and Eof tly, . lovingly, lays her cool hand upon his forehead. It is throbbing violently ; but the wet bandago has evidently, been of some uso, as the blood has ceased to flow. Feebly lifting tho uninjured arm, ho draws downi the littlo comforting hand until it toujhes hiB lips. ' My beloved, this is a bad thing tor you,' ho whispers with diflioulty. .'.' Oan you not go ' Not bo much as you imagine,' whispers bIio back, smiling. 'I havo lost-my way, do you know? I can't go, so you- see I am not doing so very much for you after all;1' 'Iknow better than that,' tho words come slowly, disconnectedly, and as if the utterance of them hurts him. 'But I shall explain. I'll make them understand if I last till tliou — if ? ' He breaks off with a heavy sigh that is almost a groan, and makes a vain offort, that ib very pitiable in one so strong, to chango his position. 'Tou aro in pain ?w says Norah, miserably. 'No. But tired — tired,' murmurs ho ?wearily. Then seeing, her about to rise, he olusps her hand closor. . '.'Don't go. Stay, with mo. Oh ! darling, if I am to die now — after this — with the knowledge that you love me, it will bo hard— hard!' ? :?? -v 'Do not try to talk,' entreats she, raising him with all her strength, and so turning him that he will find relief. ' Do not, you are only wasting the little power left you. Now, aro ' you better, more comfortable ??' '.' I am happier than I have over been in all ' : my life. Oh ! Duohoss, what shall repay you — not I — I cannot. But— — V. Ho pauses as though he has lost himself, and a sad,- wild light grows within his eyes. ? .' Youshotild not be hero. You, must go— go— or. dlso she will have her jibcB — horBnoers— she— sho- — ' . Ho has .wandered again, but mercifully thoso cruel imaginings soon como to an end, as he sinks oncn more, into tho ; old lethargy, and lies as if dead, savo for. the faint breathings: that make themselves hoard now and again'.' ' Besido, him, her' hand still clasped, in his, ?Nora sits quiotlv, her head bent upon her knees. And presently' on tired thought kindly sloop descends, and conquers it, and soon all is for gotten. Ob, blessed, health-giving unoon eoiouBnes', whore would tho tried ones of tho earth find rest if thou wort withdrawn ! It is dawn, as with a pang of aoutest fear she wakes. Nay, moro than dawn. Tho day is ?well awake, and on tho mountain tops the first fine clouds of coming morn are dissolving be neath tho sun's warm rays. Springing to hor feet, Norah turns a terrified glance upon Delaney, to find that ho still breathes, and with a rubli of thankfulness sho bonds ovor him and presses tho Ia6t few precious drops of brandy between his lips. Bho knows perfectly tho task that now lies before her, and having heaped the few remaining stioks on tho still glowing embers, she prepares for departure, and a return to the place whore a severe oross examination, as she believer, awaits hor. . ? At the door she looks baok, and something — is it the helplessness of hia attitude or tho utter foi'lomness of him — touohes her? In a moment she is by his side again ; she is leaning over him ; softly her loving fingors brush baok tho short hair from his brow ; long, long sho gazes at him, as ono might upon their dead, with, in her cbbo, an intensity born of ?the fear thit it may bo the last timo. Thoso wrotohod oneB, whose beloved are already dead, may bo counted happy in comparison with those who still wait upon their dying, fighting oach minute with tho tyrant who conquers all things ; — lovo_ and hate, and pride and last, and jealousy and envy and all unoharitableness. Norah, kneoling besido him, foolB as though, indeed this woro a last farewell, and at tho thought hor heatt fails her, and sho bursts out: crying. ' She does not boliovo tho terriblo ideaj that bo obstinately forces itsolf upon her, or: elso (sho knows) slio will novor be ablo to' summon the courage to leave him ; yet go Bho' must, for his snko. She presses her lips to his hand, and then, \ emboldened by his unconsciousness and.; strengthened, by tho innocent lovo she boara him (it is, after all, but a 1 ittlo tho moro), she stoops and gives him soft, fiontlo, loving kisses upon checks and hair and forehead, and, at lust, after Bomo fnint honest hesitation, his lips too! ? Cold, unrcHponsivo lips ! but all the dearer, becauso of the sad reason for their cold ness ! Then, now bitterly weeping, sho ruim out of the cabin, and gaining tho road, turns, without knowing why, to tho right. All roads, indeed, aro alike to her, so great ia her ignorance of her locality, .but fortunately, instinct, if ono may call it bo, has in this instance led hor aright. It has stood to her so well, that half an hour's brisk walking brings her within visw; of tho gilded vauo of Ventry, glittering gaily in the morning sunlight. (To lie continued.) - 