ENTOMOLOGICAL Dr. Lucas's Collection of Australian Butterflies and Moths. BY OUR AGRICULTURAL REPORTER. There is an intimate connection between agriculture and entomology, for without the insect to mechanically convey pollen many flowers would not be fertilised, the floral beauty of the world would decrease, many fruits too would become extinct, and putrid animal and vegetable Kubstancos would not be so rapidly changed into manurial matter. But it 18 as eurtnieß that the farmer is more directly brought into contact with insect life, for there iB not a crop he growß the yield from which is not leiwened by tho ravages of insects. It was thereforo from a professional point of view that I ono day last week visited Dr. T. P. Lucas, Potrie-tcrrace, Briflbano, in order to havo a chat about tho orange moth and other orchard pests. I oamo awny delighted with my inspection of tho doctor's marvellous collection of motliß and butterflies, for they comprised •every imajrinablo combination ot colour and ibowjty of form, but it was also with a feeling of Borrow for tho fanner, for of the 3000 ■spec-ie* T had poen the doctor told mo •they w«rs nearly nil native-born Auh •lxalianH, aii/1 that tho greater portion wore <iuoonHlandcr«. It is no wonder the farmers' .e.iopa aro devout'rd by armies of caterpillars ■where thoro are thouxnnil* of species of moths and butterflies indigenous to tho colony. I was prepared to see a good collection knowing that Dr. Lucas was an enthusiastic collector of Lepidoptera, but I was greatly iurprised to find heW got together 8i o'i » large number, and aa drawer after drawer waa shown me of carefully mounted specimens, the vast ran»e of specios was prominently brought forth, causing rao to ponder still more on the conneo tioti between iunects and agrioulture. Think ing that a description of this fine collection would be of interest to many readers of the Qneentlander I got Dr. Lucas to assist me in writing about it, for it is essential that the scientific names be given or the paper would bo of no value, and I am not 4< up in insect nomenclature, at any rate to the extent of knowing the 18,000 specimens in the doctor a collection. The collection includes the Duirni or butter flies, from the gaudy Papilio ulysseß, the sky blue swallow-tail of the tropics, to the moßt dwarf blue Lycienidro and the Hesperidre er skippers. It comprises the various families of the Macro- lepidoptera, tho ordinary larger day flying and night-flying moths. As a Bpecial feature the collection is remarkable for several hundred species of Micro-lepidoptera moths, many of them only l/04in. to {in. in span of wing. Tho total number of species is nearly 3000; caloulate to each an average series of six, and this gives a collection comprising nearly 18,000 specimens. These specimens aro all from the eastern side of Australia. They have been captured most extensively in Melbourne and Brisbane. Several spocies are from tho Wimmera, a vast plain north-west of Victoria; a few are from the Viotorian Alps and Gippa land ranges; Borne are from New South Wales, and a few rare sorts are from tropical Queens land. Tho number of butterflies represented is about 200 species. The number of discovorod Australian Hpeoiea is about 300, probably all the butterflies in Australia, including the small Hpcoieo, will be about 500. Thus a great do»l yet remains to be done as regards discovery and classification. A fow of Dr. Lucas's but terfließ are unique. A beautiful Fyrameis, from one of the high spurs near Fernshawe, in Vic toria, has been named by Mr. Miskin P. Luoasi. A conspicuous white butterfly, with black hind wings, has beenjnamed by that same gentleman Tachydis asteria. A new Hypochrysops, of a brilliant purple, has also been named H. Euolydes. These two last species were obtained by the doctor three years ago at Port Douglas and the Mossman River. Many other rarities might be mentioned, but the collection is equalled as regards the number of spooies of butterflies by that of Mr. Miskin, of Toowong, who for many years has made this branch his particular study. The butterflies of Australia are a study. In many species the brilliancy of colour is re stricted to the males. As with the peacock, pheasant, and birds of paradise, the possessor of the brilliant hues seems proud to Bhow his gorgeous glory to his modest meokly mate. The large Ornithoptera, of which there are three or four species in North-east Australia, specially boar this out. Rich velvet green, and bordered with black, they shine forth in bril lianoy of colour as they fly leisurely in the sun, for the admiration or delight of their much more portly but sombre- ooloured lady loves. Tho Ornithoptera richmondi is common at Southport, and in some years may be taken at Brisbane. We think the palm of Brisbane butterflies is the Ogyris genovova. Here male and female rejoice in a glory of their own. The male, in stately mien, is garbed in rioh deep navy blue. The female looks more flash in a brillianoy of sky-blue. The caterpillar feeds on the mistletoe, a para site on the tops of our forest gums. It is said that faint heart never won a fair lady, but most assuredly the entomologist, if he be fortunate enough to meet with this rare and beautiful butterfly, must expect in spite of his skill and ?luok oftenor than not to miss the fair lady, 'he species flieu around the tops of high trees, and is very restive and quiok iv its movements and habit*. It is exceedingly rare, and its cap turo is a prize. Brisbane is specially rich in Hawk moths or Sphingiied. Just at dusk these big sharp-angled wing moths may be seen poised in mid-air among the flowers thrusting thoir long tongues into the perianth of the blossoms in quest of honey. The movement of the wings is very rapid, and appears more like a quivering or Huccesdion of vibrutions. Somo of tho species which fly by day secure safety by mimiory. The Sesiade imitate wasps, ichneumons, and hornets. They fly with a great hum in midday among the flowers, and would make a dainty meal for birds or lurge spiders were it not that they aro proteoted by semblanco to creatures which these marauders find it to be their in terests to avoid. One species is destructive to the vinoß, tho caterpillars, when abundant, almost stripping the leaves. Anothor kind feeds on sweet potato and the various species of convolvulus. A third kind, which extends even to old England, feeds on fuchsias. Tho Borabyces or silkworm moths aro very in teresting. Many of the largo Rpccics spin cocoons of very delicato silk. It is a question whether the culture of some of tho species would not be worth attempting. There is a great variety in the scrubs around Brisbane. One species exactly imitates rich whito velvot. Another repreaents a rioh water- marked white Bilk. Both these species are very rare, but may occasionally be taken at lumps or at light. Brisbane is very rich in the Arctiadic or tiger mof hs, and Lithosiadic or Footman moths. The former are so called because of their beauty and spotted tiger appearance. The latter when at rest havo their wings closed aud somewhat folded, and thus havo the appearance of a long foot. A number which occur in Gippß land, Victoria, and high in tho mountain ranges of the South, are found also at Bris bane. One HpecioH with crimson wings and ri«h black borders is very beautiful. The crimson spe/iklod footman ifl found through Australia, Japan, India, probably North Africa and South Europe, and rarely iv England, The doctor has ft number of new ppecioH which he intends shortly to doscrilns anil name. Many of tho allied genera are larjpuly represented, und among thet-o aro a number of uniqiio find now things. Many of the Aro'iadu> and Pneudo Bombycen are very large and showy. Several Indian and Indo- Malayan types oxtend to Brisbane. The Hopialidic or Ghost SwiftH, and the Zouzeras and allied genera of large wood-feeding mothß are conspicuous, tho former for their size and the latter for their beauty. The Hepialidcc caterpillars feed on the roots of grasses, aud often bury deuply under the soil. The tree or wood-feeding moths feed on the wood, or, in Nome cases, the pith. They cover an exit aperture with a silken web, which in thickened and matted with debris. Some of the species are of a snowy white and are variously spotted with black dots or blotches. The sexes vary greatly. Some are rich moss green, others are pea green, and others are pink or orange with jrreen spots and blotches. A large number of these are yet undiscovered. Thoy do much damage to the scrub timber, but do not appear to be numerous enough to have become a plague. [to bk continued.] 