WAS SHE GUILTY ? . CHAPTER XX. " You have kept me waiting again, Eomula. You are strangely unmind ful of my wishes and pleasure said the same foreign stranger who had been present in the church at Bea trice Fleming's marriasre. and after- wards met the Italian woman in the Fleming Eise wood. "If I were so, it wonld be but a just requital for your treatment of me for the years that I hare waited patiently for the fulfilment of a solemn vow !" was the return, in a scornful tone, the moBt effectual rebuke for the reproach. "However, it is no time for argument when matters are coming to a crisis, and the lives of both hang on a thread." "What do you mean, woman?" he returned, fiercely. " Do you intend to threaten me, who have been the very support and genius of your life and all for, a fancied claim that yon cannot substantiate, and which I could repel and despise at pleasure?" " So you think — so you wish," re plied Eomula, with composure ; " but of that we will not speak just now. As you say, there is scarcely time for such personal diacusBions. It was of other matters — of him, the boy, I came here to speak." "Well?" said the Comte impa tiently. "G-o on; what of him, Eomula ?" " A great deal," she replied. " I want to know his fate. I did not care to part with him after I had done the deed. He had a strange charm in the | face, that reminded me of other days i and early love. Yes; in spite of all that has happened, I was fool enough to be moved by it; and, though you ; laugh at my folly, it is a real and ' detei mined purpose ; and I demand of you some account of him, or. it may be j worse for you. What have you done ! with him ? — is he dead P" The Comte — if such he was — gave ! a sneering laugh. ! " Dead ! What an idea. As if | one would take the trouble to make jaway with such a ghost of a life — the shadow of a breath ! Ho ; I am too wise for such a useless risk. Depend ( on it, there is no such folly as a need- ! less crime, my good Eomula," he went on, scornfully. " And as it happens, there may be complications in this affair, that would at once double the j sin and the risk ; so, (you may make yourself quite happy on that score." Tbe woman gave a sudden inquiring start. ; " Cyprian, what do you mean ? ! Take care ; you inav drive me to frenzy. You know what you have 'promised -when -the- suitable- and safe (time came; Do not make : tab doubt ' you, or I might grow desperate, noble Comte'!" she. declared wjth fiercenesB. ""A very useless expenditure of wrath and brbath, Eomula, -since it i would be more risk for yourself thin (me to udvance such a claim," he re- p'ied. "However, do not be i alarmed ; I will arrange all for ! your wishes in due time, unless > ou utterly provoke me by your folly. And as to what. I said just now, it waB merely in reference to circum stances you could not understand if I were to explain them to you. It I should he enough if I give you that I pledge about the child. I have no 1 intention of doing more than ensur ing the success of certain plans ; but litis well you and all should be kept in total ignorance of his fate, whatever it jnav be. He will never appear to meddle in this world's events and plans, so far sb lam concerned, or his mourning relatives cithor,. that is certain." \- Eomula trembled violently a3 she asked" Have you heard the last news from Fleming Eise, Cyprian ?" "It depends what you call the last news," he returned, quickly. " What is it?" " That Sir Gilbert and Lady Flem ing have left the place," she replied. " The doctors deblared the on'y chance for Lady Fleming's sanity is for her to be removed altogether from the scene of her troab'es. And Sir Gilbert, it is more than hinted, had a slight stroke to which he will not confess. It has, however, been 'taken more seriously by other, folks, bo he has been sent away for change of air, also. That ib the end of all your Bchemings, Signor Comte," she continued bitterly. " Is that what iyou wished ? — is that the desired re- jsult of all you have planned nud .executed?" ! " And where is Blanche ?' be asked -barply, not replying to her last '|uesiii>n. " Y»hy.?" alio. I'tjlkd quickly. " What should you want ..with her P Bemember, I' may prove to be as brave and (determined on my own account as on yours, gentle sir," she continued sarcastically. "I ma'y: find her as troublesome in my path as tbe babe was in yours." " You had better not try any ex periments on her, Eomula !" returned the Comte, sternly. " I promise you that your own life would not be worth a day's purchase if one hair of Blanche Fleming's head is injured! Be bo good ab to inform me what you have heard about her present resi dence ? " he went on determinedly. " I don't pretend to Becond sight 1" was the angry reply. "It's enough she has gone also. The house is closed, and no one but servants are left there. Perhaps she is with her parents — maybe, with her sister. What does it signify?" she added. " You had better ask Mr. Syke Mor ton, if you wish to know. He will have a good idea of her whereabouts, or I am much' mistaken." , The Comte's brow darkened. " Peace, woman ! " ho said ; " you do not know of whom you are speak ing. She is utterly beyond the com prehension of one like you. How ever, it will not be difficult to trace her residence if I should have any reason for> seeking it. Now, listen. I want bat one more easy service from you, Eomula, and that I shall de mand, by virtue of your oath." "And what is it?" she inquired gloomily. "I will not tell you unless you renew that solemn vow," he said. " It is too important to be lightly risked, though it shall be the end of your probation — the last test of your obedience and devotion." " And then — what then ? " she asked, eagerly. . " Is it all to be con cluded ? — am I to have the reward, then, Cyprian? ' " Perhaps. Yes, soon — very soon," he returned, in a soothing manner ; " but though I cannot fully explain it, there must be some delay — some further result of the worth of my and your exertions, ere I dare venture on what you wish. The sooner that is done, and the more effectual your proceedings, the speedier will the end come," he went on, with a significant nod. "Then, tell me quickly!" she ex claimed ; " let me begin at once. I am weary — completely tired of all this secrecy and deception. I would make a bare breast to the world, whatever might betide, if it were possible! Alas, alas !'J she added, clasping her hands, sadly." "That is a. matter for consideration, Eomula," tie replied, with a. sneering laugh. " At present, there would be serious inconveniences in the way that you would scarcely like to dare, even with your charming transparency of nature." "Cjprian, sometimes I think you are a very fiend !" she exclaimed, impetuously. "And, at others, worship me as your good angel," he re turned ; "and such I may prove, if you are wise, and will submit to me, my Eomula. Now, listen. The service I require will demand of you seclusion and reticence for a time, under any temptation whatever. But you shall always have the means of communicating with me ; and, in as : brief a time as possible, you shall be released and rewarded. Will you swear to me thiB, on the solemn and f< arful oath that I do not believe you would ever dare to break on any pro vocation, Eomula ?" The woman paused for a moment. " Cyprian, I do not know. Would that I could trust you ; but I fear — I fear!" she continued, clasping her hands, despairingly. "Then all which you have done , will be as nothing, and you will lose every possible reward!" he said, fiercely. " And if I do not punish your treachery, I shall, at any rate, guard- against it in future," he con: fcifSiied, significantly. " Will you swear to me, in your turn, tbat all shall be atoned for, and i and promises fulfilled, iif I am true in this new trial " she asked, eagerly. " I will," he returned, — " I -do. . ( What caii you wish mof.fe? " Edniem-; ber that you owe me all, Ebpiila/ | Were it not 'for;(me, what would' j'diiT have been no w'?'; ; But an unletteied peasant girl,, with some onlpflinq . yrant to work 'for and obey." " And perhaps happier — far happier!" she spoke sadly. . "Bat it is loo late to speak or think of tb it now, Cyprian. I am pledged too f ir for retreut. I will — yes, I will — do us you desire ; but the curse will rest on you if you break your oath, and deceive a friendless, trusting woman !' " It is well," he exclaimed, " and now we will quickly conclude ouy ; business, Eomula, It will heed but" patience on your part. I will find the neceEsary means; and direct your movement." He drew lidr.firms; within bis as he spoke, and they walked on together in deep converse for some minutes. The tone was so low as to be im possible to bear the purport of tho dialogue; hut it was evident that i Eomula more than once anxiously argued some point of difference be tween them, while her companion as determinately insisted- on his own im perious will. At length all seemed to ho arranged between them, and Eomula, with a deep, long sigh, stopped at the en trance to a thicker glndo of tho wood whore tliey had been conferring. " I shall meet you at Southampton, Eomula," said the Comto, as thoy parted. " And then it will be the lust farewell, I hope, till we shall need no more separations. Only be cautious and bold, and you will win a coronet yet." He pressed her band in his tis he spoke; but she suddenly threw her- >-elt in his arms with a passionate vehemence that he could not resist. " Cyprian, one khis, I implore ! It is but a small favour, wheu you remember the past, aud it will be romething to dwell on — to comfort n;t when, absent from you. Tako iuo 1 — to your heart, as you did in days of yore." And she nestled, as .it were, in his arms/and gazed np.in.his face with a passionate fondness, which restored to her own features'' some of their youthful beauty and fire. .' . " Come, come ; this is all sad, childish folly!" he said, as, he released himself from her cling ing embrace. " It angurs ill for your future firmness, Eomula, to give way to fancies. Now, once more, farewell. In less than a week you must be where I told you, and I will give you notice of my joining you there." And, hastily disengaging himself, he walked rapidly away. The woman stood looking after him as long as he was in sight ; and, even after he disappeared, she could ; scarcely withdraw her gaze. " Can it be ?" she mourned to her self. " It never occurred to me till ; now. Yet there was a strange mean- ' ing in his words as he said it would ; he so fearful a crime, and he is not apt ' to Btart away, and exaggerate such ( niceties of modes where he is deter mined on any deed. Ah !" she went 1 on, passionately, stamping her small foot as she spoke with a vehemence ( that crushed a plant growing beneath ( to small shreds, and resounded on the j crackling turf, — " ah ! if I believed — if I could prove it, no power under the sun could prevent my vengeance. It were enough to see him punished, and her, if he has played such villainy. But no," she went on, in softer tones; "lama fool to think it. If it were so, why tempt his late, and why reject the fortune and gifts that he could hold in his very grasp ? It is but my jealous madnesB, and I must strive not to betray it to him. He would spurn me for ever, did a mere breath of Buch suspicion blow on his mind. And I— I can watch, and play a surer game, with his confidence and trust reposed in me, than by allowing jealousy to show itself at every turn. Yet, allowing I am right in my ideas, | woe betide us all ! If he does love — ' if he is true to me — I would suffer tbe tortures of the Inquision rather , than betray his trust." And she turned, and walked rapidly away. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 