.WCMÄR'S COL UMN- r- . j ' A WOMAN'S TALK TO WOMEN., \ i ¡-.. MEMOIRS'OF A PRINCESS, , ., ! '?Tó'proparo us for completo living is,tho funotíc which education has to discharge, arid the only ration mode of/judging of an educational'poursjo is to 'jud; in .what .degree' it disohargos suchtfunction^'' So ,writ Herbart Spencer, and it may: bo interesting, .to appl this text'to tho training, that foll to tho lot of tl ^daughters of the nobility of Franco in thb 18th coi ,tury,.now.that wo.have boforo ua such .a' full, ai realistic t aqcount, 'of, tho1 conventional" educatit of those., times" in tho.memoirs of, tho ypui ;Polish Princess, Hélôno Moissalski, who Vpassi eight years of ? her--lifo, from ? 8 . to 16,. in tl convent of L'Abbagb-aux-bois. Sho,began writing tho: ^memoirs, at tho ageof. 10, and'bor shrowd powe of. observation^, insight into human nature and kno\ lodgo how to deal with it, aro soon apparent oven in h( childish descriptions of' hor companions and teacher Tho" general plan of tho educational course.was ey dontly to mako tho young girls accomplished'wonic qf tho world, tho futuro " grandos dames ." of Par and of tho Court; and with a groat deal of tho go'c nun's .training wp aro heartily in sympath; Ño . .doubt :, tho high' moral tono and scorn, c anything . moan which prevailod amongst, tho .pugi was tho result'of tho personal influence ofMmo.c Ttochoohouart,'tho ' "sister" who 'reigned suproino t head ,pf tho . school. , Her portrait is best given i Htuèno'sown words:, "Tall, wolí. ra ado, á pretty foot, hand dolioato and: white, splendid : teeth, largo blac eyes, a proud and Borious look, and a obarming smile. Hermannórpf controlling arid, robuldng tho .pupil undeï her charge is well describod .by her s mall admire on ono or two occasions,,and,tho reading of those .pw sagos ought to bo a great encouragement for all time for thoiO placed in similar positions of resporisibilitj as .showing ."how intensely, jusiica is appreciate by tho youthful mind, even though at tho moment sue appreciation may not be apparent. ,,0n ono occasion th pupilB had discovered' thoy could talk through a underground oponing in tho garden to ' a, little scull!o who waa employed in tho'noxt houso in tho kitchen o tho Cointo do Bóauriíanóif.' With'girlish! mischief, ari partly for tho, delight of doing something they knoi would bo forbiddon, thoy held, daily conversation with, this ' small' but enterprising retainer, an sorao' of\them wont tho /length pf confiding;'t him their names, though, of icburso,' ho cou|d'.ric seo their faces; ono of thoso conversations was^ovei : hoard by tho sister in charge, and tho occurronco at ono i reported: to Madame de Eoohechouart. This is hoi Hélènô desoribos'sho dealt with tho matter):-"Madam do Eoohec¿ouai t did ¿ot think, it' worth .while to . corri into tho schoolroom to speak tp us about suoh. n adventure. In the evening, when the roll was callee sho congratulated us " on tho' charming: conquest w had..mrido, .and'said wo mús,t hayo very 'délicat tastos .arid very elevated sentiinontsV to 'priz so ..muon me-.. conversation . ,b£.. a scullion and as for those .who';, had. allowed., hil tb cairthem by their names, shb had no doubt he woul some day como and claim bis former privileges! "am that;wpuld'npt fail tb charm:, their relations. ¡! Thu sho thoroughly humiliated us, without scolding us ii the least. Helene's love for', this noble, woman in oroased as sho grew old .ohbugh to-' appreciate' th elevation; of her character, arid tb understand th, secrot springs ; pf., her conduct ; but wo! who reait between' the lines often catch . glimpses also, of ;'thi secret griefs andinarticulato;longings and aspirations ti which such ari nrdent'soul, sot in sueh narrow surround ings, must necessarily havb boon 'exposed. Her wórl was doubtless her .consolation, arid tho companiorishii of a ,few. chosen friends- and pupils ,her relaxation Thcso chosen few wero in 1 the habit of meeting evorj evening in' her room, and passing an hour'.or-two; ii conversation' or reading.' ''I may say," . writes th< youngiPrinces's,/',that 'Sime. Ebchochbuart, ¿or, sister Mme. St. Sulpico, andi,several other .ladies of..rthis sot showed1 ari indifference almost amounting to contompi for whatever did, not'interest them 'particularly ¿"tbpj woro always the last to know what^vas going on; in th( convent.It scorned to. mo' that,. Mrrie.i'di Eoohechouart and- hor sister.-, had / a manna arid stylo that wo each, of us caught. » tc a certain extent-I mean those pf us -who woro most with her. , Tho women, pf thp yyorld were astonished at tho'way iii "which ,wo "were' able to express our: selves." As-for tho other nuns iwhp wefo occupioil'ir, toaching, they,. most of thom, . have .their portraits drawn by "tho ' Princess iii^different parts of hor ! memoirs, and she Beoms to enjoy a malicious .little -ploasure in-writing'¡these concise sketchos :-." Mme, de Montluo, good, gentle, orderly, over-caroful, and a talc-boaror ; Mme. do Montbourchor, good, stupid, very ugly, believing in ghosts; Mme; do Fresnes, ugly, good, Ja capital story-teller;" ,, ; Tho six years in tho convent, wero.divided into throe periods. Heleno was placod at first with othor children of her ago in what was known as tho " cîasso bleue." Hero is an- éxaot description of tho educational routine in that class*':-~"Mondays, .Wednesdays,, and,Fridays, riso in,Bummer at 7, in winter-ot 7.30; bc in,ono's seat in tho schoolroom at 8 o'clock to await Madame do Eoohechouart, who comes in at that hour. As soon as sho loaves we learn ,and repeat i.pur '. Cate'chismo do Montpellier.' At 9 breakfast, at 9.80 mas3, at 10 wo read till ll. -From ll till ll". 30 music lessons; from 11.80.till,12 drawing ; from-'12 till 1 geography and'history ; it 1 o'clock dinner ; recreation till 3 ; from 8 to.4 writing and arithmetic, from 4 to 5 drawing lesson ; refreshment and recreation till 6 ; from 6 ,to 7 we learn tho harp or the clavecin ; at 7 o'clock supper ; at 9.30 wo go to bed.'' Tho other days in tho week Wore arranged in tho same woy« except that instead of taking lessons from masters who carno to tho conyont, the children worked. under the superintendence) of tho nuns ; so that wo seo out of six hours' study. during each day three woro devoted to accomplishments, which Spencer,,reminds us with "tho fine arts, belles lettres, and all thoso things which,. as wo say, constitute tho eflloresconco of civilisation, should be wholly subordi- nate to that instruction and diaoipliuo in which civilisation rests, As thoy occupy tho leisure' part of life, so should they occupy tho. leisure part of educa- tion." Admission tb tho next ..class, 'tho "classe blanche": -waa only obtained after confirmation and re- ceiving tho first communion. "Very little account is given us of tho studios of this period, ? but a largo por- tion of tho time spent thoro wa3 evidently devoted to religious 'teaching ; and in viow of the responsibilities thoir religion called upon them to uijdçrtako at that time, tho young girls woro doubtless expected to spend many hours in self-communings and examination I of ihoir inner lifo. But that Helene's religious teaching had little real hold on her, ono short quotation frqm her memoirs will show:-"I was being propared for my confirmation, whioh was to take place nt- Whitsun- tide. As tho Archbishop was to como at that timo, and as Mme. Quatro Temps (ono of tho nuns) was very Janséniste in her opinions, I took it into, my head.to say, in order to pleaso her, that.I feared tkó'Árohbishop, in- stead of confirming roe in tho Holy Spirit, might con- firm mo in tho Evil Spirit" , To be admitted to tho " cZasse rouge " was tho object pf . Hélèno's ambition, and sho .writes of her work and duties thoro with evident ploasure. When reading of these duties we look back with admiration on tho good common- sense and wiso forethought that dictated their arrangement; for it must bo remembered that most of the 162 pupils who wore being educated at L'Abbayo and Bois were either to be married beforo thoy left tho convent, or immediately on leaving, so that for thom thero was to bo no period of home lifo and the learn- ing of homo duties; thoy wont straight from conventual routine into a restless lifo of pleasure and display. In this, tho highest class, their limo sooms to have been divided between studying, music, drawing, and elocution (for tho exorcise of whioh laBtnamed accomplishment thoy had a porfectly appointed stago, on whioh thoy acted quito ambitious pioces;, and taking; a part in tho domcstio routine of the convent. Each pupil was expected to spend so many weeks in learning and applying thoso different branches of domestic routine; and this I discipline must have given them a good I insight into tho methodical and. ordorly managoment of a household, and would bo an excellent part of ,the training for us to copy now-a-days. In tho sacristy and linen room they learnt to mond, embroider, and fold ; in tho dispensary, under experienced super- vision, they mado poultices and mixod draughts; in tho library thoy. had the charco of a largo and valuable collection of books and old chronicles. They took, a share in tho work of the refectory and kitohen, and even attended to answering the door. Of course much of the thrilling interest that wo feel in reading these memoirs comes from the fact that many pf tho', schoolfellows of tho'yoimg Prinooga figured afterwards so prominently, and often so nobly, in that ghastly, period of tho ltovoljition that was so soon to follow-tbat - period which, as .Henry Jumos says; " casts baokWards a sort of supernatural light in tho midst of. which at times wo soeni.io seo a stage full of actors, performing fantastic, antics for pur entertain- ment." How ; brilliantly that .' ligiit, falls, on thosp .pa'go3 as ,we road tho giilishlyrtold story.of tithe games amongst tho lilac bushes'-in1 the 1 old walled convent garden; of the childish successes dh tho corivont stage, ¡and bf tho olaborate póstunips in which those successes were .¿ohio ved. .The poor, gills seem. all., rushing, on their fate. An undergourid firo is rumbling and roar lingbenpath their -feet,';nnd they aro dancing on tho :thin súrfaco ílát'covers it^' /Nothing 'cUiiy save', thom, !for they aro,brougbt up .in ,tho /supremo'' .bolief, oither' 'that tho flames do not,.o¿ÍBt/pr that, they'will oontinne to roar underground-that tho' snrfaco'will last for; ¡over. An intelligent study of history ' might have: ¡given', thom/an insight info what' was, going/on'/around' ¡and underneath thom,'-'tut history did not tako ¡H high rank amongst their' studies,; and the prizes for dancing and for history were considered of ' tho samo lvalue. / Their.? ancestors 'had 'bequeathed them high j birth -and' titles, wealth, and-a revolution. ' Short' .timo was to ¡bo allowed timm for .tho '( complote living " for which their éducation was, intonded to. preparo j them ; but though tho good nuns could not foresee it, ono, pf. tho ' funotiops ^which that 'education well'dis- charged was preparing their pupils to "meet death with dignity, and nobility.. ; To quote from M. Lucien Perey, to whom; wo are indebted for bringing to light these ; very . charming memoirs,-"Tho»high opinion that thfee young girls had of their rank and of their birth helped.to'develop thèse sentiments', óf honour and of delicacy. They put . into, practico to no'small extent tho axiom " noblesse ¡ obligo,',' and .tho most sovero re- proach that could bo addressod to them was that they 'had .a.mean 'spirit' (l'ûnie\bcusey.n. . ..'. ' .' B. 