I PRINCESS'S THEATRE. I " HAMLET." A Hamlet which is not conventional, which departs in many important particulars, and judiciously so, from the traditional type of the character, and which is the product of independent thought, sustained reflection, and of an earnest, affectionate, and reveren tial study of the text, deserves a hearty wel come, and is entitled to respectful criticism. Such a Hamlet is Mr Warner's, and its pre sentation must be regarded as an interesting theatrical event. Macready used to say that "no actor possessed of moderate advan tages of person, occasional animation, and some knowledge of stage business can en tirely fail in the part of Hamlet." And this is true: but to succeed in it is a totally different matter. The famous actor just quoted tells us that he himself did not "thoroughly see and appreciate the artistic power of Shakspeare in this great human phenomenon" until he bad turned the age of 50; and Mr Warner has been nearly five-and-twenty years upon the stage before attacking this marvellous character, which, as Coleridge says, "has been the darling of every country in which the litera ture of England has been fostered" And the actor has wisely delayed the essay until the attainment of "the years which bring the philosophic mind,"' for the part is one which can only be comprehended by sym pathetic insight and through, at least, a partial experience of such troubles and misfortunes as made Prince Hamlet thoughtful and melancholy. It is gra tifying to be able to add that Mr Warner's essay is an honourable achieve ment. His grasp of the character is broad and strong, and it can scarcely fail to be come additionally firm and tenacious as he proceeds. His portrait, the leading features of which he has so skilfully seized upon and successfully presented will grow under his hands. He will continue to fill in delicate details, to add heightening touches, to soften the high lights wherever necessary, and to graduate the shadows, so as to perfect and complete the picture. The fundamental idea of Mr Warner's Hamlet is con sonant with that ot Goethe -namely, that he is "a lovely, pure, noble, and highly moral being, without the strength of mind which forms a hero, sinking beneath a load which he cannot bear and must not re nounce ' And the actor is true to this con ception throughout. He shows us the irre solution, the delicacy and sensitiveness, the filial piety, and the introspective and medi tative tendencies ot the Prince. Not only so, but he gives us an occasional glimpse of those paroxysms of mental disorder which nearly all the mad doctors of our epoch concur in asserting Hamlet to have suffered from after his interview with the spectre, and which appear to have left him before his manly and touching apology to Laertes, on the eve of the fatal fencing match. The undulating hues of Hamlet's character, which, as Hazlitt says, has all the yielding flexibility of a wave of the sea, are admirably exhibited by Mr Warner, whose soliloquies, moreover, are delivered meditatively, and as one thinking aloud. We never remember to have heard the "To be, or not to be," given so ex cellently well. There was nothing formal, deli berate, declamatory, or even consecutive in it. The thoughts seemed to rise from the depths of the Prince's mind, like bubbles sparkling to the surlace of a stream where fishes rest below. The temptation to suicide presents itself, the hand toys for a moment with the dagger , and then "the dread of something after death' puzzles the thinker's will, and diverts him from his desperate pur pose. In his first colloquy with the Ghost, Mr Warner makes a strong point of the Prince's reverential affection for his father, and of the amazement occasioned in Hamlet's mind by the revelation of his uncles villainy; and, in the scene which follows with Horatio and Marcellus, his hesitation between the wish to make them participators in the dreadful secret and his distrust of their fidelity is forcibly conveyed. Mr Warner omits the jesting appellation which Hamlet applies to the Ghost "in the cellarage,' while administer nig the oath; and we think he is wrong in so doing, for, as Dr Ray has pointed out, these expressions -so irreverently jocular as com pared with his previous language to his father's spirit- "betray the excitement of delirium-the wandering of a mind reel ing under the first stroke of disease. As a matter of "business" we may note with approval his kneeling down when the Ghost announces himself as the Prince's father, and also when Hamlet exclaims, at the close of the scene, 'Rest rest, perturbed spirit." The whole of the soliloquy at the end of the second act was delivered with a fine appreciation of the fluctuating moods of mind which inspire it, and of the struggle which is going on between vacillating will and vehement passion in Hamlet's nature. In his interview with Ophelia, Mr Warner discards the old stage trick of Hamlet's catching a glimpse of the King behind the arras, and behaves to wards her with greater tenderness than most of his predecessors in the character, and with none of that boisterous violence which they have exhibited for the purpose of imposing upon the Royal spy. In fact, the Prince's words and his conduct towards the young girl he has loved so passionately are, to use the words of Dr Conolly "simply those of a man distempered to suppose him feigning is impossible. No man, however resolved to act a cruel part, could be supposed to listen to words of trust, sincerely spoken by a gentlewoman, diffidently addressing him and returning him the gifts he had in happier hours presented to her with honeyed vows, without casting away all predetermined simulation and clasping her to his heart." The play- scene is enacted in the open air, which was no doubt the dramatist's intention, for the subsequent dialogue between Hamlet and Polonius must obviously have taken place out of doors. Mr. Warner also retains the scene of the King's praying and of the Prince's temptation to assassinate him then and there. Following this we have a fine exhibition of dramatic power in Hamlet's interview with his mother, and the re-appearance of the Ghost in her closet. This is an occasion which tests an actor's capacity to sustain such a character to the uttermost, and we are bound to say that Mr Warner emerged triumphantly from the ordeal. In the display of such varied and conflicting emotions -exultation at the supposed death of the King, admiration of and affection for his father, scorn and detestation of his uncle, shame and indignation at his mother's unnatural and incestuous union, awe at the sudden appari tion of the Ghost, self reproach at his own irresolution and procrastination, remorse at having unwittingly slain the father of Ophelia, and the struggle between his latent love for his mother and the horror inspired by her misconduct, an actor has an arduous demand made upon his highest powers of in terpeting human passion; and to succeed as Mr Warner does is to win high rank in the profession. The scene with Laertes at the grave and the death of Hamlet are entitled to equal and unreserved commendation; and an enthusiastic call at the end of each act denoted the impression produced upon the audience by Mr Warner's fine performance of Hamlet. It was also liberal of applause to Miss Morris in Ophelia's mad scene, and rewarded her with a call. Mr Fleming made an excellent Horatio, and Miss Watt-Tanner gave becoming weight and dignity to the part of Gertrude. Mr. Vincent was impressive , but monotonous as the Ghost; Mr. Ryan's anxiety to give due prominence to the character of the King, induced him to over- act it, more especially in the scene in the oratory, where his gesticulations were painfully redundant. Polonius is altogether beyond the reach of Mr. Clitherow; Mr. Cates is a sorry Laertes; Mr. J. L. Hall, an old Melbourne favourite, played the part of the First Grave- digger with quaint humour; and Mr. Hoyle made an acceeptable Osric. It is scarcely to be expected that much attention can be paid to the scenery of a piece which is to be played for six nights only; otherwise in a theatre which is so elegantly appointed we might feel justified in complaining of such an extraordinary mixture of styles and epochs in the architecture of Denmark at a period preceding, by at least two centuries, any modification of the Norman arch and mouldings as was seen in the interiors on Saturday evening. "Hamlet" is announced for repetition until Friday next, inclusive. 