“MODERN SPIRITUALISM.” Bʏ ᴛʜᴇ Rᴇᴠ. T. Dᴇ Wɪᴛᴛ Tᴀʟᴍᴀɢᴇ, D.D. “Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at En‐dor. And Saul disguised himself.”—Ⅰ. Samuel, ⅹⅹⅷ., 7, 8. I have recently become a Spiritualist. At least so some of the journals of that belief declare. This, together with the fact that “mediums” are now being tried in the criminal courts, setting millions of people to make inquiry in regard to communication between this world and the next, leads me to preach this sermon. Trouble to the right of him, trouble to the left of him, Saul knew not what to do. As a last resort, he concluded to Beek out a spiritual medium, or a witch, or anything that you please to call her, at any rate, a woman who had commu nication with the spirits of the eternal world. It was a very difficult thing to do, for Saul had either Blain ail the witches, or compelled them to stop business. A servant one day said to King Saul : " I know of a spiritual medium down at the village of En-dor.'" " Do you ?" aaicl the king. Wight falls. Saul, putting off hia kingly robes, and putting on the dress of a plain citizen, with two servants, goes out to hunt up this spiritual medium. It was no easy thing for Saul to disguise himself, for the tallest people in the country only came up to his shoulder, and I think from the strength of the man, and the way he bore himself, he must have been well proportioned, i Saul and his servants after a while reached the village, and they say : " I wonder if this is the house ; " and they look in and see the haggard, weird, and shrivelled-up spiritual medium sitting by the light, and on the table sculptured images, divining rods, poisonous herbs, bottles, and vases. They say : " Yes, this must bo the place." One loud rap brings the woman to the door, and as she stands thero, holding tho candle or lamp above her head and peering out into the darkness, she says: "Who is here?" Tho tall king informs her that he has come to have his fortune told. When she hears that she trembles, and almost drops the light, for she knows thero is no chance for a fortune-teller or spiritual medium in all the land. But Saul having sworn that no harm shall come to her, she Bays : " Well, whom ßhall I bring up from tho dead ?" Saul says: "Bring up Samuel." That was the prophet who had died a little while before. I see her waving a wand, or stirring up some poisonous herbs in a cauldron, or hear her muttering over some incantations, or stamping with her foot, as she cries out to tho realm of the dead : " Samuel ! Samuel ! " Lo, the freezing horror ! The floor of the tenement opens, and tho gray hairs float up, and tho forehead, tho eyes, the lips, tho shoulders, the arms, the feet, tho entire body of dead Samuel, wrapped in sepulchral robe, appearing to the astonished group, who stagger back and hold fast, and catch their breath, and shiver with terror. The dead prophet, white and awful from tho tomb, bogins to move his ashen lips, and ho glares upon King Saul, and cries out : "What did you bring mo up for? Why did yon break my long Bleep? What do you mean, King Said ?" Saul, trying to composo and control himself, makes this stammering and affrighted utterance, as ho says to the dead prophot : " The Lord is against me, and I have como to you for help. What shall I do ?" The dead prophet strotched forth h¡3 finger to King Saul, and said : " Dio to- morrow 1 Como with mo into tho sepulchre. I am proing now. Come, como with mo " And, lo ! tho floor again opona, and tho feet of tho dead prophot disappear, and tho arnie, and tho shoulders, and tho forehead. Tho floor closes. Nothing ia left in tho room but Saul and tho two servants, and tho spiritual medium, and the sculptured images, and the divining-rods, and tho bottles, and the vases, and the poisonous herbs. Oh, that was an awful seance ! I learn first from this subject that Spiritualism is A VERY OLD RELIGION". People say: " Wo have got ßomcthing new in this country ; it ia a now religion." Ono, my friends. Thousands of years ago we find in our text a Spiritualistic seance. Nothing in tho Spiritu alistic circles of our day has been more strange, mysterious, and wonderful than things which have been seen in the past centuries of the world. In all the ages thoro have been necromancers, those who consult with the spirits of tho de parted; charmers, those who put their subjects in a mesmeric state; sorcerers, those who by tating poisonous drugs see everything and hear everything and tell everything ; dreamers, people who in their sleeping moments can see the future world and hold consultation with spirits; astrologers, who could read a new dispensation in the stars ; experts in palm istry, who can tell by the lines in tho palm of your hand your origin and your history. Now, do you say that Spiritualism is different from these ? I answer, all these delusions I have men tioned belong to tho same family. They aro ex humations from the unseen world. What does God think of all these delusions ? Ile thinks so severely of them that He never speaks of them but with living thunders of indignation. He says : '* I will be a swift witness against the sorcerer." He says : " Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." And lest you might make some important distinction between Spiritualism and witchcraft, God says, in so many... words : "There shall not bo among you a consulter of familiar spirits, or wizard, or necromancer; for they that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord." Tho Lord Almighty, in a score of passages which I have not now time to quote, utters His indignation against all this great family of delusions. After that, bo a Spiritualist if you dare ! AMONG "MISERABLE COMFORTERS." Still farther : -We learn from this text how it is that people come to fall into Spiritualism. Saul had enough trouble to kill ten men. He did not know where to go for relief. He resolved to go and see the witch of En-dor, expecting that somehow she would afford him relief. It was his trouble that drove him there. And I have to tell you now that Spiritualism finds its victims in the troubled, the bankrupt, the sick, th9 bereft. You lose your watch, and yon go to the fortune-teller to find where it is. You lose a friend, you want the spiritual world opened, ao that you may have communica tion with him. In a highly-wrought, nervous, and diseased state of mind, you go and put your self in that communication. That is why I hate Spiritualism. It tabes advantage of one in a moment of weakness, which may como upon us at any time. We lose a friend. The trial is keen, Bharp, suffocating, almost maddening. If we could marshal a host, and Btorm the eternal world, and re-capturo our loved one, the host would soon be marshalled. The house is so í lonely. The world is so dark. The separation is so insufferable. But Spiritualism says : " We ; will open the future world, and your loved one can come back and talk to you." Though we may not hear his voice, we may hear the rap of his hand. So, clear tho table. Sit down. Put your hands on tho table. Bo very quiet. Five minutes gone. Ten minutes. No motion pf the table. No response from the future world. Twenty minutes. Thirty minutes. Nervous ex citement all the time increasing. Forty minutes. Tho table shivers. Two raps from the future world. The letters of the alphabet are called over. The departed friend's name is John. At the pronunciation of the letter " J," two raps. At the pronunciation of the letter "O," two raps. At the pronunciation of the letter " H," two raps. At the pronunciation of the letter " N," two raps. There you have the whole name spelled out, J-o-h-n, John. Now, the spirit being present, you say, " John, are you happy ? " Two raps give an affirmative answer. Pretty soon the hand of the medium beginB to twitch and tosa, and begins to write out, after paper and ink aré fnrnished, a message from the eternal world. What is remarkable, the departed spirit, although it has been amid tho illuminations of Heaven, cannot spell as well as it used to. It has lost all grammatical accuracy, and cannot write as distinctly. Now, just think of spirits, that the Bible represents as enthroned in glory, coming down to crawl under the table, and break crockery, and ring tea-bells before supper is ready, and rap the window shutter on a gusty night. Is there any consolation in such poor, miserable work compared with the thought that our departed Christian friends, rid of pain and languishing, aro in the radiant society of Heaven, and that we shall join thom there, not a stifled and mysterious half-utterancè, which makes the hair stand on end and the cold chills creep tho back, but in an unhindered and illimitable delight ? And none ahull murmur or misdoubt "When üod's ßreot suhriso Ands tis ont. I learn, farther, that Spiritualism and necro mancy aro ' AFFAIRS OF THE DARKNESS. Why did not Saul go in the day ? Ho was ashamed. Besides, he knew that this spiritual medium, like all her successors, performed her exploits in the night. Why? Tho majority of their wonders have been swindles, and deception prospei'3 best in tho night. Some of the perform ances of spiritual mediums are not to bo ascribed to fraud, but to somo occult law that after awhile may bo demonstrated. But I believe that now 999 out of overy 1000 achievements on tho part of spiritual mediums are unmitigated humbug. Tho mysterious red letters that used to como oat on tho medium's arm wero found to have been mado by an iron pencil that wont heavily over tho flesh not tearing it, but BO disturbing tho blood that it carno up in great round letters. The witnesses of thc seances have locked thc door, put the key in their pocket, arrested the operator, and found out, by searching the room, that hidden levers moved tho tables. The soalod letters that wore mysteriously reid -without opening have been found to have been cut at the side, and then, afterwards slyly put together with paste, and the medium who, with a heavy blanket over his head, could read a boolr, has been found to have had a bottle of phosphoric oil, by tho light of which any body can read a book ; and ventriloquism, and legerdemain, and sleight of hand, and optical delusion account for nearly everything. Decep tion being tho main staple of spiritualism, no wonder it chooses the darkness. You have all seen strange and unaccountable thingB in tlie night. Almost every man has ut some time had a touch of hallucination. Some time ago, after I had been over-tempted to eut something indigestible before retiring at night, after retiring I saw the president of one of tho prominent colleges astride the foot of the bed, while ho demanded of me the loan of five cents! When I awakened I had no idea it was anything supernatural. And I advise you, if you hear aud see strange things at night, to stop eating hot mineo pie and take a dose of bilious medicine. Spiritualism appeals to an outraged physical organism, enough to deceive the very elect after sundown, and does nearly all ita work in the night. Farther, I learn that spiritualism is DOOM AND DEATH to its disciples. King Saul thought that he would get help from the " medium " ; but the first thing that he sees makes him swoon away, and no sooner ia he resuscitated than he is told he must die. Spiritualism is doom and death to everyone i that yields to it. It ruins the body. Look in upon an audience of Spiritualists. Cadaverous, weak, nervous, exhausted. Hands clammy and cold. Nothing prospers but long hair-soft marshes yielding rank grass. I never knew a confirmed Spiritualist who had a healthy nervous system. It is incipient epilepsy and catalepsy. . Destroy your nervous system and you might a£ well be dead. I have noticed that peoplf; who aro hearing rap3 from the future . world have but little strength left to bear the hard raps of this world. A man can live with only one lung or with no eyes, and bo happy, as mon have been under such afflictions ; but woe be to the man whoso nerves are shattered. Spiritu alism smites first of all and mightily against the nervous system, and so makes life miserable. \ I indict Spiritualism also, because it is A SOCIAL CU ESE. Tho worst deeds of licentiousness, and the worst orgies of obscenity, have been enacted under its ' patronage. The story is too vile for me to tell. I will not pollute my tongue nor your ears with the recital. Families innumerable have been broken up by it. It has pushed off hundreds of young women into a life of profligacy. It talks «. about "elective affinities," and "affinital rela tions," and " spiritual matches," and adopts the whole vocabulary of free-lovism. In one "of its public journals it declares "marriage is the monster curse of civilisation." It is a source of debauchery and intemperance. If Spiritualism could have its full swing it would turn this world into a pandemonium of carnality. It is an un clean, adulterous, damnable religion, and the sooner it drops into the hell from which it rose the better for both earth and Heaven. For the : sake of man's honor and woman's purity I say let tho last vestige of it perish for evor. I further indict Spiritualism that it ia THE CAUSE OF MUCH INSANITY. . Go into any asylum, I care not where it is, and - the presiding doctor, after you have asked him: " What is the matter with that man ?" will ray : "Spiritualism demented him." It has taken down some of the brightest intellects. It swept off - into mental midnight judges, senators, governors, ministers of the Gospel, and one time came near capturing one of the Presidents of tho United States. Many years ago the steamer Atlantic started from Europe for the United States. Getting mid-ocean the machinery broke, and she floundered around day after day, and week after week, and for a whole month after she was due people wondered, and finally gave her up. There was great anguish in tho cities, for many had friends aboard. . Some of tho women,in their distress, went to the spiritual mediums, and inquired as to her fate. The mediums called up the spirits, and the rappings on the table indi cated the steamship lost, with all on board. Women went raving mad, and were carried to tho lunatic asylum. After a while one day a gun was heard off Quarantine. The flags went up on tho shipping, and the bells of tho churches were rung. The boys ran through the streets, crying : " Extra! The Atlantic ia safe !" There was the embracing as from tho dead, when friends came again to friends ; but some of thoso passengers went up to find their wives in the lunatic asylum, where this cheat of infernal Spiritualism had put them. It not only ruins its disciples, but it ruins tho mediums also, only give it time. The Gadanean swine, on the banks of tho Lake of Galilee, no sooner became spiritual mediums than down they went, in an avalanche of pork, to tho consterna tion of all tho herdsmen. The office of a medium is bad for a man, bad for a woman, bad for a beast. I bring against this delusion a more fearful indictment: It ruins the soul immortal. First, it makes a man a quarter of an inﬁdel, then half an inﬁdel, then whole infidel. The wholo system,.as I con ceive it, is founded on tho insufficiency of tho Word of God as a revelation. God says tho Bible is enough for you to know about the futuro world. You say it is not enough, and there ia where you and tho Lord differ.. You clear the table,, you shove aside tho Bible, you put your hand on the table, and say : " Now let spirits of the future world como and tell mo something tho Bible haa not told mo." And although tho Scriptures any: "Add thou not unto His words, Ï03t Ho reprovo theo, and thou bo found a liar," you risk it, and say, " Como back, spirit of my departed father, of my departed mother, of »ry companions, of my little child, and tell mo sono things I don't know about you and about the unseen world." God has told you all you ought to know, and how dare you be prying" into that» ? which is nona of your boninesB P You oana ot keep the Bible in ono hand and Spiritualism ir the other. One or the other will slip out of youi grasp. ' " But," says some one, " wouldn't it bo ol ' advantage to hear from the future world ? Don'i . you think it would strengthen Christians ? There t are a great many materialists who do not believe there aro souls; but if spirits from the future world should knock and talk over to us, thej ? would be persuaded." To that 1 answer, in the . ringing words of the Lord, "If they believe nol Moses and the prophets, neither will they be por> : ßuadod though one rose from the dead." THE VOICE OP GOD. But I invite you this morning to a Christian seance, a noonday eeance. This congregation , is only one great family. Here is a church table, . Come round the church table, take your seats foi ,, this great Christian seance, put your Bible on the table, put your hands on the top of the Biblej . and then listen, and hear if thero are any voices : coming from the eternal world. I think there are. Listen ! " Secret things belong unto the Lord oui God, but things that are revealed belong unto UE and to our children." Surely that is tho voice from the epirit world! But before you riso from this Christian seance, I want you to pro mise that you will be satisfied with the Divine -revelation until the light of the eternal throne breaks upon your vision. Do not go after the witch of En-dor. Do not sit down at table rappings, either in sport or dead earnest. Have your tables so well made, and their legs so even, . that they will not tip and rattle. If the table . must move, let it bo under the offices of industri . ous housewifery. Teach your children there aro ?-, no ghosts to be seen or beard in this world save y those which walk on two feet or four, human or bestial. Remomber that Spiritualism at the best is a useless thing; for if it tells what the Bible : ¡faveals it is a superfluity, and if it lells what tho .Bible does not reveal, it ;is alie. Instead of going out to get other people to tell your fortune, tell your own for ' tune by putting your trust in God and doing the rbest you can. I will tell your fortune: "All ; things work together for good to them who lovo God." Remember that there is ONLY ONE SPIRIT alióse dictation you have a right to invoke, and ; that is the holy, blessed, and omnipotent Spirit of God. Hark ! He is rapping now, not on a table or the floor, but rapping on the door of your heart, SSld every rap is an invitation to Christ and a . warning of judgment to come. Oh, grieve Him toot away. Quench Him not. He has been all »round you this morning. He was all around you . .last night. He has been around you all your .'Jïives.. Hark! There comes a voice dropping .through the roof, breaking through the window, miling all this house with tender and overmaster ing intonation, saying: "My Spirit shall not '.always strive." 