FIRESIDE TALKS ON GHpSTS AND QHOSTESSES. BY ONR WHO HAS NEVER SEF.N THESE CHILDREN 01'' IMAGINATION. Uncanny tales, lmuntcd spots, inexplicable presentiments always hart a peculiar charm for mo, though they were nerved up without the saucc t>f faith. Since tho days of childhood, when I have lain in bed half paralysed with fright while my judicious nurso hns conjured up tho most lively gliosis to frighten mo into slumbers, to t.lio days of my manhood when " Frankenstein," uStrango Story, aud others of a like calibre have demonstrated the fact that tho fiosh can creep at thirty, I have always nurtured aud harbored the taste to such nn extent' that many of my friends consider m« a dull and uncongenial companion, totally unfit to join in a pleasure excursion, or enliven a social evening'. For my own part I take little pleasnro in sueli things, but I must add that my powers of entertaining may not be pleasant or gay, but they certainly are effective in preventing young ladies taking solitary moonlight walks or enjoying dreamless slumber. I have not the slightest doubt that this sion for indulging in thrilling yarns procured me an invitation to join an oxcursion party who wero going to explore the beauties of the Berrimil district during tho Centennial celebrations; but if tbey expected the oracle to speak thoy were mistaken, for heaving that the district was rioh in spots with a history I paoked up my knapsack aud commenced my excursion alone. And here I would at onoe impross my reader with the fact that I have uo more beliof in ghosts than I have in the idea that Mephistopheles is a gentleman with a cloven hoof and a tail; yot I will confess to a certain creeping sensatiou taking possession of ine when the supernatural or spiritual is discussod, whose' true source is as inexplicable as any other ono of our emotions. One evening I had put up-at ono of the hotels in this district, and after tea wo were all disoussinj presentiments, second sight, hallucinations,*and oth';r cheerful matters. I had been rela'ing an instance of presentiment that happened to a fneud of mine, and which could be proved by many wituesses. It ran as follows :—Mr. L was out boating with a party of friends. Suddenly he turned round to his companions, and said " My brother has just been drowned," and pulled out his watch at tlio same minute to take note of the time. Most of us laughed at him, and tried to joke about the mutter, for Mr., was a man of science, esteemed as a oloar-hended thinker, and deemed altogether above snob nonsense. However, all our rallying and banter hr,d no effect on my friend, who still maintained a fized gloom. Three months afterwards Ihe queer part of the story came i i, in the exact fulfillment of his presentiment, not only with regard, to time and place, !.iut also as to the manner. " Wi 11, well," Baid an old man present, "it is vera sfirarige, but nothing like what I have seen with my own eyes up tlio othor side of Wild's Meadow." " What "was: it, Dan ? " was tbo eager question all'round.' «01d Dan, raised all. at.once into the dig-, hity of narrator, drew himself up, cleared his throat, and commons.1It is nigh twenty years ago now since it happened. Me and my mate was coming back tj camp one ovenms after dii'ig s.mi.) cedar cutting down in ono'of tlio gullies. Anl," ho ejaculated, " it was something like working in those days; why, the clearest parts Ihere was iben «o would call densabnsh now, and as for working we'd be at it from, daylight till dusk and never so much as make a spacr! fit to swing a cat in. Well, wo was coming back. It, was pi'etty,daik, and then, by tho time we had had a bit of supper and a yarn, night was fair on us. It was a lonesome place where: we were just on the outskirts of the'meadow. ' It must have been nigh 12 o'clock when my mate says • I say, the meadow's on fire.' I looked round, and saw the queerest sight possible, and somehow it made me creep, which with what followed afterwards I don't wonder. The meadow was certainly on fire, but' not burning, for the billdsvs of flame floated only midway between earth and heaven. They'd come and go! just like tho wave's of the sea, and with a red-hot glare which was something awful. • There's foul work somewhere there to-night,' says my mate,'for it is nothing but hell's flames, or I'm a Dutchman.' We watched it till all of a sudden it quito died out. The next morning,you bel, Jim and I did every inch of the place to search for' traces1 of fire, but found nothing." " What was it, man ? " said one of the company ; " didn't it.come out ? ". " Well, in a way;.. A couple of months afterwards a man was missing. He had beeu last seen iu Burrawang; inquiries were made ; some blacks found out the remains of a fire iu which were some' buttons, or something belonging to the missing man. That'is all ever came of it; but everyone knows ho was murdered" on Wild's Meadow on the very night we saw hell's blazes burning oiver it, and other folks besides me can swoar to having seeu them. The murderer didn't suffer the penalty of the law, but I guesB he knows what them floating fires are like now." . Making a mental note that Wild's Meadow should get a call in season from me, I asked a long lean-looking,cornstalk opposite mo if he had ever seen anything that he-wouldn't care to meet again.-• He shuffled'uneasily, looked nervoas, 'and then said, " There was a time when I. took notice of t|iese ere things, but people, only laughed at you. Now-a-ditys they think you mnd if you see ; anything extraordinary ; so I usually keep such" tilings to myself." On further pressing, for we had all got iiito that state when one subject and only one interests. He commenced, " It is a good many years ago. I had been up at Moss Viile on law business, and was kept late; -I was coming home on horseback; it was only starlight,! and my mare'had been stumbling a lot. Wis were i just nigh on Bong Bong bridge, when, thinks I,"the old woman will be getting"woried ; I'll just look and see how the time goes. Mind, I hadn't been drinking," said he irrelevantly. Looking at his strawberry nose, I saw the need of the assurance. " Well, I drew out my watch, and saw it was nigh 12. All of a sudden my flesh be gnu lo croup. I foil something behind mo, but for 1,1)0 life of mo I could not look buck, whniever it was. It didn't broiitho lilco a human being, for although I could foel it as closo to mo us you, Micro wasn't a sound but the drip and swish of wringing wot clothes. All the time, nnd it scorned hours, wo woro crossing llio biid^e, my knees woro knocking against Iho saddle quito helplessly, and I felt my hat was standing miles in the air. On leaving the bridge I inissod tlio dripping noise. I looked round nnd saw the back of a man, protty tall, with wet clothos hanging ronnd him, stalking to the river's brink. I callcd out then, and asked him where lie | was going. Ho never answered, but stood looking at the rivor, which was bright enough in the moonlight oxcopt whore rushes aucl reeds choked jt up. Then I got off my horse, all tlio uncanny feeling gone, for I thought a follow-creaturo was going to do away with himself. But lio seemed to molt nwny before my very eyes. All at once I thought of tlio report that a man had been j murdered and drowned in this very river a few months before, and then—why, and then I mado a bee-lino for my horse, and never drew roin till she nearly fell down at my own shed door. That's tlio only ghost that over I liavo soon." (to be continued.) 